As a committed Dem, I want my Congressional Dems to resist an obstruct every piece of GOP legislation.
that will solve our problems! You are just crazy. Your team lost. Deal with it.
I am dealing with it, with constructive progressive  resistance!
you just stated you support all obstruction of gop how is that constructive in moving usa forward?
GOP did this 2009-2012 w/success.  Gov't is broken.  Will take a national crises to pull US together
i dont disagree, but the leaning so far is crazy.
Go away
as compared to making it unaffordable but mandatory. JUST STHU hypocrite liberal unicorn ideology fauxahantas
Keep up the fight!
How is that working for you? I think you already ripped health care away from many Americans!
I think All Bills should have a 60 Senator Votes. So the Americans have All a fair share of benefits!....time to do changes 4 Future America
So it will be harder to pass legislation you want? You haven't thought this through.
I don't know the Rules of Legislations but it is just a Just wishful thinking 
The #1 lesson of the Obama administration is not to seize power that you wouldn't want to fall into the hands of your opponents.
Hey @SenWarren @elizabethforma if you think #Obamacare is so Gr8 why aren't you on it???
#Congress should be on the same as us all!!!
They are
Wrong, #Congress has "their private" medical coverage...
Wrong, they are on obamacare. Passed a law and everything last year
You tweet more than Don.. You are a master tweeter...
Fruit cake anyone?
I'm sorry Senator Warren  but you are lying!!
I feel guilty just being Canadian and watching what this guy is doing to his fellow citizens.  America has just cross the threshold of no ..

Thank you @SenWarren for helping save #healthcare for millions of Americans. You are on the right side of history!
Once Dems defeat #GOPHealtcare you need to push for #SinglePayer!
@democrats @senatedems support a known liar in the Senate. You know who I'm referring to. This liar is a scumbag. Here is a picture.
Good
On behalf of my son, who was born with special needs and preexisting medical conditions, THANK YOU
And your son will be fine, this will not take insurance away from him. Please stop believing her garbage, she lies about everything.
Insurance plan. We paid over 60k out of pocket his first year of life. Don't patronize me. You have no idea what you are talking about. 2/
We just have different views, I don't believe in demanding others pay to support me.
??
Hey...why not ban prescription Pharma drugs from polluting our airwaves. Save $billions and unpollute our TV.
Thank you Senator Warren!! We are counting on you all to stop this madness. I've got your back
When the history books are written, you will be on the right side of history as a hero! So proud of the women of the Senate! 
#resist
Yay
Idiot
It will happen sooner or later. Ocare will self destruct.
Lies. Again.
Obama care will fall on it's face if nothing is done is that what you want. #worktogether
You didn't care about the millions forced into buying insurance they didn't want and couldn't afford, so just stop talking, Senator.
I find it ironic because Obamacare "ripped away" my health care and my family's. Forced us out of our preferred doctor and plan

keep it up ELIZABETH!!
Good for you Liz.  It wouldn't be you unless you tried to screw things up further.  Get off the reservation and pass a health bill
I'm a teacher and cannot afford insurance for my husband who is sick and needs surgery! The system needs to change!
Don't stop until you install #kalifornias #stalin @KamalaHarris. Everything needs to be free and private property confiscated immediately
It wasn't ur right to give to anybody in the first place. U didn't want or need the Rs help 2 pass Y do they need ur help to repeal?
Socialist Commie!
That's already been done by Obamacare 20 million and counting
stop being obstructionists
How'd that work out for you Pocahontas?
Forcing people under threat of fine or arrest if they do not purchase health insurance is not health care.
Good. Don't stop. Use everything at your disposal. Have an intern tackle McConnell to prevent him from voting. Anything.
Senator we pay u to work together!
Less than 12 hours ago ur party was wanting to offer amendments. But once again your party falls back to the resistance stamce.
repeal Obamacare its killing the hard working middle class Americans. Premiums and deductibles quadrupling repeal repeal repeal
I'm going to spend a lot of money to make sure you do not get elected. Take the test
#Warren2020
all this voting and nothing is getting done. i cant watch anymore its disgusting, meantime im a disabled senior with NO RAISE IN 3 YEARS
Dem's motto: Ask not what Dems can do for their country. Ask what Dems can do only for themselves to gain power & wealth.
RIP to the American nightmare, Obamacare.
Help don't hurt 
Who's gonna pay for it
why aren't you as passionate about working together to get somthing better for all Americans?
Please rip it away !!! It sucks !!! So great why aren't u all on it ??? Mmmmmmmm

Thank you for speaking with people today. We need more like that. I know I am feeling really discouraged but trying to stay strong.
Time to change the rules. Rules work assuming honorable people with common interests. The system sucks ma'am. Can't believe this is real
Good luck with that.....
He said he wasn't a bastard just could not find his folks. You could have fooled me I'm easy
It's like I live in two different worlds. Why do Republicans want me dead?
Step 2: Kill off the Nazis in Congress in 2018. Get rid of all of #HitlersBoyscouts
"ripping"?
McCain.  The cancerous. He could have done something real, honest and good.  He sucked Trump's cock as a final salute to his ineptitude
While also killing millions of Americans. Dems are pathetic. Pocahontas you are one of the worst.
Kill us sooner. You can't rip away what most do not, cannot afford to have, thanks to the great wealthy colluding Dems not capping premiums.
The majority of Americans are screwed under this Republican bill!
Sen. McCain could have restored order to the process by a NO vote. He failed his legacy, the Senate and the country. Sad ending.


BRAIN STORMING HERE, I HAVE AN IDEA, INSTEAD IF PRETENDING TO CARE ABOUT AMERICANS, TRY WORKING WITH REPUBLICANS TO MAKE OUR LIVES BETTER

thanks Elizabeth for standing up for America values. Get insurance and pharmaceutical companies to sacrifice! Your brave!
Please be the strong leftist we need, not one of the weak neo-libs that have failed us.
Keep going.
why do you have better healthcare the the rest of america?  you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.
Tonight McConnell should be ripping you Dems a new one! Forget about ripping healthcare from anyone! You're giving an inaccurate view!
Senate Democrats, I love youuu!!! Thanks for fighting for Americans, not $.
1 publicly debated Draft down... 2 more mysterious drafts to go.
"Ripping?" How much better Congress might be if members refrained from such inciting rhetoric and really worked for the people.
you sound intelligent, if so, you should know that Mitch the Bitch is really THAT bad, unfortunately.

you think the BCRA is good? no way
Mahalo Senator!  I was crying earlier when I first heard, but u and others keep my #Hope alive!
quote from Bette Midler you'll 7,000 nuns wrote a letter denouncing “immoral” GOP health care bill. How many will the GOP listen to? NUN!
Do you have ACA insurance?  No? Shut up.
Seem not @ level. This millions may be in the middle. Classified the same as both.
Which is it Retard? If it is a Right, they can't rip it away or make anybody pay. It's a Right! Right?
How did that go for you?
Do your worst to this bill!!!
I suppose It didn't really need much help failing on its own
#voteitdown #VoteThemOut
Please keep fighting. America needs you now more than ever! #SaveTheACA
More like 3rd attempt, right?
God bless u Elizabeth! Americans r countin on u & other normal folk who love this country & will denounce genocide b/c that's all this is!
Defund the CFPB, government employees making well over $100k-$200k +. This is outrageous. The poor need help.
Not his first attempt.
Thank u & pls keep fighting 4 us! Would also like to thank @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins 4 voting NO. Shame on @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP
Americans have been duped by http://Warren.Read  Ominous Alliance.https:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com .not native either.
Lies. Repealing will open up markets and allow people to choose again that was ended by Obama. Taxpayers are broke in MA from ACA.
And in 2018 the Senate and House Rhinos & Democrats will find themselves unemployed
So failing to afford isn’t the same thing?  At least switch to something that we all can afford
Your on it tonight Lieawatha!
Why don't you and ur family get on ur wonderful Obamacare? Get off the plush healthcare u get paid for by us!!
You exempted yourself from the ACA now you think it's great .. shut your lying mouth fraud
Warren, along with her evil cronies need replacement.
Thank you for all you're doing to help us!
I used to like Warren but she's being as dishonest as the others. The ACA is a bad law and millions will not die without it. It is a scam.
Then do it!
Stop the rhetoric, this is just to bring discussion to floor don't flipping scare the uninformed!
#ProtectOurCare
Thank u, we'll keep fighting if you will !!
I would like to ask you to give up your current healthcare that's provided for you courtesy of the US taxpayer, and enroll in Obamacare.

Keep fighting we need u and I am thankful for your strength to keep fighting thank you!!!
Are you on planet Earth?
8 million benefit with subsidized crappy hcare at the expense of 300 million you fraud
Thank you
@marcylauren @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr but not McCain, go figure.
Pocahontas speaks in forked tongue.
Good luck
#Obamacare is NOT "health care," it's a coercive crap sandwich that makes health care WORSE & drives premiums through the roof #FullRepeal
CNN told you that?
They'll lose.
"Tonight @SenateDems will vote to kill @SenateMajLdr"
I didn't read anything after that. 
There is also the high out of control health care costs charged by health care providers & drug companies which are bankrupting families.
ripping health care away from millions? so these people won't be able to buy it voluntarily?
The insurance companies have no cap, they can charge whatever they want for premium costs.
Thank you!
What about millions that doesn't have insurance now? Duh 
Thank you Senator!! Hearing you passionately say you are fighting for us was the only thing to lift my spirits after this terrible vote.
You didn't care if Obama Care ripped off millions of people.  All @SenWarren & @SenateDems do is oppose everything @POTUS wants to do.
Why a person that had frontal lobe cancer surgery allowed 2 vote in senate?Is the effect similar 2 lobotomy?50+ yrs since I took human anat.
Health care is in a shambles BECAUSE of people like you.  Stop lying.
You can keep you Dr, plan and premiums will go down------obama-------lies
@TheDemocrats are for their reputation only not the good of the people @FoxNews @POTUS
Please stop your scare tactics!  Ocare imploding & insurers bailing! Millennials chose 2 pay penalty & opted out of unaffordable Ocare
And it failed 43 to 57. Huzzah!
This is a much better tweet if it ends with @SenateMajLdr
Please filibuster by amendments until this is completely dead.

Kentucky deserves better than the shell of a Man @SenateMajLdr has become!
Why doesn't congress get the same coverage?
Sounds like a few GOP senators feel self- preservation is less important than ignoring what this country is about. Maybe, we the people win
How hopeless is it when our own senator @sentoddyoung votes party over the interests of their constituents?
How they sleep at night I don't know?
Thank you do much Elizabeth
This won't play out well in the midterms for everyone voting against.
Good Luck! We are behind you!
Instigator. Rabble rouser.
Ur also as phoney as a $2 bill! Nasty phoney!
Liar liar pants on fire Liz. Get a message or you're dead
News flash! Hello! U lost the war bigly Nov 8/16 
Those promoting and encouraging this #wealthcare do know they are risking a Bonus Army protest & single payer, yes?
Health care is a human right
Not a partisan boxing  match
Sending Senator Warren support from Canada 
like the va, so when you say it's a right do you mean unlimited hcare since it's a rt
Pls give them hell. As the wealthiest nation on earth, what GOP is proposing is inhumane.
Fight, Senator, fight!
If you promise to drop your US provided healthcare for Obamacare we'll listen to what you have to say. Your decision. What will it be?
You go girl!
LoL you do understand that obama care is imploding. Maybe you haven't heard. It'sok just stop lying. Would you all like British hc. MAGA
Senator @SenWarren
Good luck and thank you!
You better
 of seeing these trump-bots with their USA flags etc on their profile pic, leaving their insulting rude comments, that no1 likes. Piss off.
Hysterical Pocahontas is getting voted out in 2018 for sure now
Said the Democrats can produce a truly intelligent and supportable plan with the NACA Or Not Affordable Care Act
How? Reps have majority and always cave to @McConnellPress and his arm twisting! We're screwed!
Keep up the good fight!  We are behind you!
But... Obama ripped healthcare from millions, and still is. No biggie to you senator?
who says?
@SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris Regardless of how this turns up, we  efforts to educate millions that healthcare is an investment in society
You missed treatment today didn't you Liz?
I hope no one in his family suffers like the rest of Americans and actually need health care.  Sad day for American!
Keep fighting,  so will we! #SaveACA
McConnell sold his sole to the  ten years ago

Will you remind them, please, that they are there to serve the people, not harm the people? Thank you.
You go
We will resist this #DeathCare bill
If you truly believe in the equality and fairness to ALL Americans than you should be for healthcare for ALL not just subsidized
McConnell is so disgusting.
@ElinaBeauchamp the same millions that are mandated now & don't want it and won't buy it when it isn't mandated
Why is He a Senator???
So dramatically wrong on multiple levels. #swampmonster

Please and thank you.
you already took our doctors you lying sob, come on Pocahontas we are on to you
Thank you for being progressive pc @SenWarren
You already voted to rip away great health care for millions when you voted for OBAMACARE.  Do you & the @TheDemocrats want to kill everyone
Thank you Dems and @SenWarren !!
