Please #DefendDACA immigrants are the heart of this country. DT is targeting innocent hardworking kids who are as American as the rest of us
Legal immigrants are the heart of this country. Illegal immigrants are criminals and don't deserve to cut in line. #OutOfTouch #AmericaFirst
I'm so glad the good people of the Labor Unions in our country have chosen to #MAGA, by leaving the democrat party.
Why be in A Losers Party  I mean Just Take a Look at ANTIFAS Members & Hollywood  Grubby Twatts
Yea! Do something enjoyable for five minutes!
Elizabeth such a good place for you to go stay there don't enter any other state

Did she break in and steal the microphone ?

the obvious absence of youth!  (and women and people of color, etc., etc, etc.)
Since Trump took office, 700,000 new jobs created for African Americans. 40% of new jobs went to women. 50% of inner city youth R unemployed
The people in that room should be ashamed of themselves.  You are being used by @SenWarren For President !  Wake up!
'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
Please Liz...just stay there and don't return to Congress!
@MSNBC @CNNPolitics @SenateDems @potus tweet vs LABOR DAY Breakfast. Trump's on wrong side of labor, wage, employment issues. Selfish-greed
Having a powwow  for votes.
But you stole a job from an actual minority when you lied about being an Indian......  that's not very Christian now is it...??
Hey Senator. Yesterday I was an independent. I learned about Donald ending DACA. Today I declare Labor Day the day I became a DEM.
Fight for DACA
Fight 4 American citizens. You're what's wrong with the world. DACA is against the Constitution. That's why O did it by EO. Get fn educated
Yeah, I'll get educated while you keep waiting for coal jobs to come back.
DACA won't come back because it's not legal. So save your time and go read a book on the constitution. And leave Warren to us the NE voters
It's the Trump era. What's legal and what's illegal doesn't matter. Winning is the only goal. You voted for him, you voted for his rules.
His rules are called the Constitution. If the left could understand it they might be willing to follow it instead of resisting everything.
Trump has never read the Constitution. He's a stupid person. Stupid people don't read.
Nothing like kissing the ass of big labor.
God forbid a politician should listen to working people.
Well when they listen to just 10.7% of the workforce and ignore the rest, it makes sense for the majority to get mad.  #UnionsDontSpeakForUs
How do they ignore the rest? They push for retirement protections, min wage increases, consumer protections.
All these are fought by Republicans.
LIZZIE GO HOME! WE HATE YOU!
ووى وكان ن
@realDonaldTrump reps the 89.3% of workers who are non-union, the real drivers of the economy.  #OutOfTouch #NotNative #ApologizeToNatives
You're a class act @SenWarren !
We love you and everything you do for us Sen Warren!
Elizabeth Warren question is when are you an the Republicans going to wake up an IMPEACH Trump
But now Trump wants to delete this Holiday or change it for the Rich. The citizens of this country mean nothing. The rich count. $$$$$
What do you know about celebrating Labor Day you're constantly passing laws that hurt The Working Man and help welfare recipients
Flapping your jaw again!  Poor old squaw!
Your kind of people. Big labor, big money, big donation. No mass POCAHONTAS
PEOPLE LIKE YOU IS WHY I LEFT THE DEM PARTY. I REALLY DONT TRUST YOU FOR A SECOND, THE WHOLE DEM PARTY MAKES ME SICK. VOTING YOU OUT.
Why aren't u helping in texas? Wouldnt want your hands to get dirty or do manual labor working with regular people! U make me sick!
Votes to no where!
What a good way to start the day.
Granny looks like the youngest one.  430,000 dollars to teach one class, sounds like the perfect union representative. Labor Day my ass.
Ha, a fundraiser!
If you and Chuck Schumer would go to Mexico we could build the wall and you can't come back in yippee skippy works for me
Elizabeth you never worked a day in your life Labor Day should mean nothing to you go grab Chuck Schumer and just leave try Mexico
I'll just leave this right here ...
Enjoy that breakfast on your day off made by workers
Spewing false narrative as your policies have destroyed working Americans lives. Then pandering to Unions. Looking forward to next election!

How much are you getting paid for this appearance?  For the people, ha!
LIBs Removing Statues...

The "Five Civilized Tribes" 
CHEROKEE,Choctaw,Chickasaw, Creek,& Seminole
OWNED BLACK SLAVES-treated as Chattel
U must have been doing stand-up comedy at the local nursing home. Captive audience.
Hope you're spreading the word to them to defend DACA!
Gads!  Where are all the young folk?  Looks like an assisted care facility.
Currupt Democrats.... currupt unions
Sending my best regards to #Pocahontas from #Poland.
Calm down,  ending daca will be a bargaining chip for funding the wall.
@KayeBurrell  Get Your Name In The Hat! We've Got To Have Some Leadership!
#WarrenFranken2020


Supports def reduction, small business, reduce student loan interest rate,fair trade 4 workers,save ss,consumer protection. She's terrible?

A demarcate at an AFLCIO meeting, Have u forgotten Carter is the one that ended union's as we knew it. Wrote laws against them. THINK monkey
You are another reason for term limits Liz, we don't need Socialist Communist like you and Bernie Sanders. @USATODAY @tedlieu @KamalaHarris

#BlueheartCampaign
#CodeBlueBeacon
#pulltogetherproject
#steeplesLITblue2018
#humantraffickingawareness
This is a hijack attempt 
Believe US, this is not at all what our #codebluebeacon is.
There is no affiliation.

Your all about LABOR huh Pocahontas
LoL. Pocahontas having breakfast with the Mob. Aflcio is a Ponzi Scheme run on the backs of its members. Dispicable. Trump Train Rolls on
We are about to go to war, good job feed your face and tell stories
Looks as enthusiastic as a Clinton/Kaine rally
you betrayed us. You and your cronies at the DNC collaborated together and gave us trump. Not russia you and the traitor sanders.
looks like a lively crowd
Guy in the red checkered shirt is playing "Candy Crush"...

...or just napping.
Just stay out of Midwest Pocahontas
Senator @SenWarren where are the youth?
Get your union supporters behind you huh?
Be a good little Indian today Liz....
We need an investigation into this fake Indian
@DiehlForSenate she always in town alright. You're gonna get curb stomped in November dude lol
Trump wants to end with DACA. Let's fight for the rights of Hispanics born here from illegal parents.
People born in this country are citizens. Get yourself educated.

So, let's dig right in. Anyone have any new ideas about how we can crony up to pols and bureaucrats and beggar thy neighbor?
How do they sit there?
Term limits. Baby
I'm surprised you actually found a small room of people that don't hate you. That's hard to do here in New England. You will get voted out
Blue jacket back in rotation #piehole
Labor Day celebrates the work of the many to help the few history shows us.Pinocchio Trump works to help the few whilst overlooking the many
A Pow Wow?
@daveweigel she running?
had to get your free breakfast?
Our 1st POTUS knew term limits were needed and self term limited. Won't congressmen/ladies think of this?
Sweet biased narrative ment to undercut a terrific African American that resigned with honor. That you don't like.
Have a great day and hope that u will consider a 3 term limit for congress! A proud Dem.! No more life long politicians!
I'm not fond of unions (retired from management) but your work is top shelf. Can't wait for congress to return to the chaos 45 is creating.
No wonder nothing gets done with all of the drama that 45 creates.

