
Never knew someone could be so ignorant you must be a Republican
Stay classy Amercia.

Slim, my foster daughter is white. I been raising her since she was 16 and she's 25 now. That clown don't know me
Not a muslim ban.
It is actually and the courts have agreed every time but I'm sure you know more than they do.
Only %15 of the worlds muslims come from banned countries. How is that a muslim ban?
Because the courts said so......over and over again. We don't get to cherry pick the parts of the constitution to enforce.
President has right to do this per constitution, read it.
You know who read it? The judges who have all  ruled it to be unconstitutional. It doesn't matter what our interpretation is.
Judges also ruled separte but equal was just, that slaves couldn't file lawsuits & that corporations are ppl. Judges aren't infallible
If it is constitutional then they would have taken the first one to the SC but they knew it would fail just like this one.
Haha! You don't even understand the Constitution if that's your position. #Pathetic. This will be over turned in the Supreme Court.
So we are supposed to learn Constitutional Law from a TRAITOR?
What did he do to get labeled a traitor?
Haha! people can't take their own ignorance, so they attack the person they cannot argue against. Pretty simple tactic. They are pathetic.
Bot!!!
Haha! what a lame! Cite anything which proves the ability of the court to interfere with the Travel Ban. Anything.
Constitution!
try READING it :)

Not according to SCOTUS.  Who by the way, has the FINAL WORD. So Lizzie, just go lick your wounds and shut up
Breaking news: you're still not American Indian and you are still irrelevant Pocahontas Sitting Bull-shit
This tweet didn't age well. Even Justice Ginsburg disagreed. 9 and 0!
Breaking News; Judicial system and @TheDemocrats should be in favor of protecting the legal citizens of this country.
The Muslim ban is as real as your claim to be a Native American.
Too Late! He was CORRUPT many years ago!
Y'all Dems must be really proud of yourselves. Those 7 Travel Ban has no Gov. Y'all R endangering  life's. SUPREME COURT NEXT
ok sittingbullshit like we are gonna take advice from a freaking liar like you.

Can you imagine if he wanted a Catholic or Jewish ban? SMH.
Too many ppl aren't disturbed by trials of others - until it's their turn in turmoil. Justice isn't measured in terms of comforts of a few.
So true. When it happens to them, then they care. Very sad.
Breaking news when he steps aside for US all - parade from coast to coast any day now
No it's not. Not if you're concerned about the safety of our citizens.
@SenWarren thank you and fellow Dems for continuing to stand up for the American Constitutional rights of those living in foreign countries
People in other countries DO NOT have constitutional rights in The USA ... our country needs to STAY CHRISTIAN (no Sharia Law)
Thank you, it was a sarcastic tweet. Libs think constitutional rights should be global
Is impersonating a Cherokee Indian illegal?
Breaking News: The actual experts on the constitution disagree, 9-0. Whats your address? Ill send you a copy.
You are wrong!
@EmilyVanCamp @realDonaldTrump thank you maam
it was a ban on several nations not on Muslims.
It favored religious minorities in Muslim majority nations, so it was still illegal and unconstitutional.
stop with your bullshit lies .
#shutupLiz
You scare me Senator.  How can you call it unconstitutional?  That is insane to include the world in our rights.
Will be overturned by a real court!!!
Who'd have guessed it's illegal & unconstitutional to BAN A RELIGION from entering the country ?
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms....And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
You must be Warren's illegitimate son!!
Before you try to say something like that think of all of those S words that are not super. You look old enough to know better.
Know what u get when u insist on a clean fight w/thugs like The Don? Dead Americans, same as no fight at all. But not ur lives on the line.
Yes
45 shows how callous he is by usurping human tragedy to tout his dreadful, illegal ban.  45 is a disgrace to America.
So is Trump's Presidency.
#emolumentsclause 
#russiatreason 
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Lol it's not a Muslim ban . And it's not unconstitutional.   we'd rather let Europe keep the nail bombers !
Clearly you haven't lost a child or an immediate family member to one of those crazy mf's of that race, it is sad but if that's what we...
Claiming a heritage that isn't your own is also illegal and unconstitutional...
@1911Spartan   My name is 9-0.  You know my brother Hawaii 5-0.  Grab a Constitution and read it genius.  Make America Great Again. Covfefe
At least he's consistent!
#SallyYates said it first! 
Correction: it's neither a Muslim ban nor un-Constitutional
The US Supreme Court disagrees with you. Sorry Liz the tribal court in your Teepee let you down, time to go back to the peace pipe
An Sally Yates is still right.
Of course you kept your mouth shut when Obama did it
Can't wait for the "Breaking News: Trump resigns" tweet.
Please hold ur breath till that happens. Please
Awesome! With blockheads like you, we'll be the next Belgium.
#europeundersiege
Are you slamming Belgium?
Not slamming Belgium. Aware of the refugee issues there and in Europe.
your so full of shit Pocahontas what do you want just let them all come here so we can have what England got
9-0
Just like it was when he campaigned on it. Might have helped if he’d read the Constitution before opening his mouth.
What do you think the constitution says about banning people from certain countries?
Trump campaigned on banning Muslims, specifically. That promise is therefore a violation of the Establishment Clause of the 1st Amendment.
But he never tried to ban muslims. It was 6 countries out of 50 that are predominantly Muslim, that Obama told him were most dangerous
He never said you can't practice you're religion here and never said all muslims need to leave.
Doesn't matter politically any more. Your side owns this one now.Maybe the jihadist will recognize your act of compassion and cut us a break
Do you agree that terrorists on govt. watch lists shouldn't be allowed to purchase guns? Yes or No.
Yes
Are you people paying any attention at all?#Manchester
How is Manchester involved?  That was a British citizen.
With how many "foot-in-mouth" moments Trump's had I hope his feet are as small as his hands...#SmallHandsBigglyStupid
The baby hands are fascinating, aren't they? #SmallHandsBigglyStupid
Not as much as his micro penis... where's your pic of that.
Stop calling it a Muslim Ban. That's not what it is.
Shut up...
Wrong. It was sent to yet another liberal court. You dems have no shame, and will shoulder blame for the next Manchester-type attack here.
The Courts won't allow our President to keep our Nation safe from Muslim jihadis?

Wow!
Oh no. It's constitutional. This religion is automatically sworn to destroy your freedom to establish a State Religion that's only Islam 
This ban would of prevented what just happened from happening here in America. Blood will be on your hands Pocahontas
It wouldn't have prevented it as the perpetrator was born in the Uk. Are you really using Pocahontas as an insult?  Dumbfounded!
Just because Trump used the name Pocahontas does not make it ok. Please don't follow your president's language and offensive behaviour
She lied about her heritage for gain that cost taxpayers $. She deserves a lot worse than being called names.
No - the actual allegation was that she  declared heritage whilst she was an academic. Trump propaganda then used this in an untruthful way.
She did it for a scholarship and also to get a job as a "Minority" Now she's rich
Omg @SenWarren, BLATANT LIE. You know this isn't a Muslim ban. #MA doesn't want TERRORISTS! #mapoli #bospoli #travelban #Boston
BREAKING NEWS: @SenWarren doesn't have a clue of what is really Constitutional and Legal. WTF
Ummm. There's a reason no court has agreed with Trump
Wait for the Supreme Court, the only Court that matters.
It's not likely to be granted a writ if they're doesn't seem to be any conflict between the lower courts. It's not the only one that matters
Stupid Swype making me use the wrong homophone
Yep cause we have liberal nut job judges that only follow a political agenda and not the law
Meanwhile
The fuck are you talking about? The story occupied CNN for a day! Their literally showing the faces of all the victims right now!
Shhhhh...you'll pop his bubble.
He blocked me so I don't really know what was his reply! And I don't really care anymore!
Liberals = Hypocrites
& pointless. If honest about intent, review should be complete in 2 days.  

Signed 118 days ago.

Review period 90 days (120 for refugees).
For those kept out of the loop .. it takes approx 24 MONTHS for refugees to get asylum due to US EXTREME vetting policy. 
We don't need more
With what just happened in Manchester and you want open borders. What a #libtard
Great... now we'll know who to blame when our little girls get blown up at the next concert... Democrats rather be PC than save our kids
William. Should people on govt. terrorist watch lists be allowed to buy guns? Yes or No.
No
I agree with your 'No' William, as do overwhelming majority of USA. This IS something we can come together on. Thank you.
when another attack happens here people will blame Trump and say he did nothing to try and stop it.
Whoohoo!!!
If we could only make your squaking blather illegal...
Not news
Ignore the haters !!! We love you for speaking the truth!
“Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..."  Emma Lazarus
I don't see you opening your house to these 3rd world military aged males, 90% of which just got off the battlefield fighting for ISIS.
Make up your stats as u go.  You lost---try, try again!
Courts are stacked with unconstitutional judges who have to go.
Every attack, every death on our shores is on your shoulders
Yup still not illegal or unconstitutional, you still have not done a thing for MA as a senator. Your a grandstanding talking head.
@SenWarren  If there is a terrorist attack -blood is on your hands -SHAME ON YOU -ARE YOU OK WITH CHILDREN BEING KILLED IN UK - YOU ARE EVIL
Only a true idiot would celebrate the fact that America is less safe. Very sad indeed
Несостоятельность избирательной системы, её демократического процесса: Преданные выборы...Преданный американский народ...Преданная страна...
You need to shut your mouth Elizabeth Warren
I'll take Elizabeth Warren for $100
Did you forget the fact that the countries named in the ban were named by Obama? You're such a miserable shit - get off twitter.
Well it's off to the Supreme Court
No senator, it has been suspended temporarily by liberal courts that rewrite law or make them up
Most Muslims ARE rich.
Yeah, that Constitution has everything. Stops temporary bans on immigration from 6 countries. Stops slavery. Oh wait, it didn't do that.
President Bannon loses again.
Hahahahahaha.  Keep dreaming
Rejoice now! The Supreme Court is coming!
Not a Muslim ban. Overwhelming majority of Muslims exempt. You pandering liar.
Trump himself CALLED it a Muslim BAN! Du Mass
Except it isn't a Muslim ban. Is it or isn't it true that over 90% of the worlds Muslims are unaffected?
I'm loving it!
Manchester bombing wouldn't have happened if England had a ban on travel  back and forth to Libya.
You do know it isn't a "Muslim ban" don't you?
Hopefully the next  #terrorist atack hits close to you!
And we will see your reaction!
No it's not.
Wake up loser and make America great again
That's not news 
My apologies,I didn't know trying to find a way to protect your country was illegal & unconstitutional...what's your job again?
Sad, puppet!
Breaking news: Pochohanas is still in favor of extremists coming to America to blow up kids at concerts!
The BAN was supposed to just be for 3 months ( while the government figured out new vetting policies). The 3 months is over. Why Ban?
Donald's masters caught us asleep—weren't expecting to awaken a righteous unyeilding force—resistance of immense empowerment only just begun
Stop your whining
See @POTUS you are not the center of the planet or the universe. Not used to being told no? Well, too bad.
Yep, yep. Now we're going to meet with REAL JUSTICES. #CONSTITUTIONreigns #maga
So when my daughters&wife die from these loser terrorist pigs do u&those judges that haulted the ban get put to death too?
The Constitution and the rule of law trumps Trump. Again.
Breaking news you're still not Native American.
No it isn't
yes it is
Enjoy the Terrorist's when they get to Massachusetts
you keep saying the word "constitutional". im not sure you know what that means.
Now someone should get to the courts to help Latino families living here for decades, 0 criminal records. Tons of families been separated.
Ok Russian troll. Someone get to the Kremlin and remove the little short troll lacking mamas love there
Apparently pretty much like the entire Trump Administration, including The Orange Freak himself!
Except that it's NOT a Muslim ban and it's NOT illegal. Popularity should not trump legality and talking points should not trump facts.
You rather stay "politically correct" ? Over a child or teens life? The constitution was man made it can be edited for the safety of people
Not illegal, not unconstitutional, not a Muslim ban, it's about terrorists that want to kill us. DON'T YOU CARE ABOUT AMERICANS SAFETY?
Wait till Americans blow up as a result of letting in people from violent regions. The blood will be on your hands

Thanks Senator Warren for your voice.
And it was supposed to be temporary to allow for strengthening vetting. There has surely been time for that strengthening to have occurred?
Great
It's not a Muslim ban no matter how many times you say it! Stop lying!
@LotoBoho  He visited Saudi Arabia while still trying to pass the ban. No one was fooled.
Can't wait to vote against @SenWarren in the next election
#MAGA
Breaking News: Sen Warren is still just as miserable as she was yesterday.
You tired of winning yet, Mr.President? #Biggly
I STAND WITH YOU SENATOR WARREN
Till The Supreme Court
@BarackObama @POTUS @WhiteHouse @FinancialCmte @jeffsessions @TheJusticeDept @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan @ChuckGrassley WHY NETFLIX LOOT ABOV LAW
Not for long
You are some kind of special stupid to be applauding this. Blood is on your hands when terrorists attack on US soil #manchesterattack
Hahahah, funny
savage.  I love it.  
(has he even read the thing?)
What should be illegal & unconstitutional is your whole DAMN party! I'd say more but I need to take a Warren and wipe my Schumer!
That's for Scotus to decide not you or some monkey court
News: YOU ARE NOT NATIVE AMERICAN IT'S A LIE!! You don't give rats ass about Americans and their safety. It's all POLITICS!!
Yep..and all he has to do,is write another.In fact,he can write a stack,so they are premade everytime u try to stop it.Keep the courts busy.
Which part has been broken? You won't answer no one ever does Because they don't know
Hmmm. Weird. For a guy proposing a "Muslim ban", @POTUS sure did get a warm reception in the Middle East! 
I hope something like Manchester happens here soon because I'm tired of you guys shitting around and letting these fuckers in.
This will be me until Trump isn't in office anymore
Those 2 people pointed out on the graph I sent ARE ON the COMMITTEE investigating trump!
#NoBanNoWallNoGOP
Supreme Court
STILL!
And Donald is still a Treasonous punk under FBI investigation #Trumprussia
Russia is not our enemy!Warren&Washington establishment trying to start dangerous new ColdWar! #NoRussophobia no more #HillarysWars
Went will he be declared illegal and unconstitutional
Actually it is Legal and constitutional,what would you know you total Liar, still passing yourself off as Indian. You are a Disgrace1
Actually it's not, as it's intent, clearly shown by the words and actions of the admin, violated establishment clause of the constitution
Not for Long SC will Uphold and then u & ur Corrupt liberals judges can all Cry
Not true.  Documents required to come to our country just like my parents who needed a sponsor, medical certs and a visa.
SC. No problem.  It's not his money !
We all knew it too.  Yay!
Present the evidence
Isis thanks u Cochise
That's ridiculous
Unreal. Thank you
Just like ol' Hil bleaching an email server and trashing 30,000+ emails after being under subpoena to produce same #hypocrisy #LockHerUp
He wants to ban and build wall he the wall in everybody way @SenWarren @SenSanders. @BarackObama. @NancyPelosi.
News Flash 
Democrats like Warren want the US to be the next Manchester 
"Extreme Vetting" and Ban on Terroristic Nations 
Saves lives
After the Manchester attacks, I really don't give a shit.
I love you, @SenWarren !!!!!
Breaking news: You're still not Native!
Breaking: Fake Native American Liz has never read the constitution.
And we still don't want their lying terrorist asses in our country when they won't assimilate to America, learn ?English and denounce Sharia
No it is not if these ppl pose a threat to our citizens and/or national security! Don't you even know how this works?!
