I agree! But, MOST are either too scared of Trump or they know if they look the other way He'll line their pockets & ALL WILL SAY BYE TO DC
President Trump is cleaning out the swamp.
and filling it with the worse type of vipers..his family.  Every one of them are more worried about their pockets not the US people wake up!
You need to wake up. I'm very much awake. I support our president Trump. Poor you.
Well laa tee daa  for you. Be a lemming that's fine. Or.. You could admit that tRump lies a LOT and is in this only for the $.
Fight what?
Fear, apathy, dismantling Constitution?
Oh yea.  We need to fix all of those things you stated that @BarackObama created.  You bet your sweet bippy!
No true American who believes in the constitutional republic we are; who had served their country, and who is of clear mind would vote 4 her
I Agree
You are an AMAZINGLY INSPIRING, CARING, STRONG WOMAN! Thank y 4 ur absolutely tireless fighting & never-give-up spirit! Warren 4 President!!
Ah, no. In a democracy it only takes a simple majority. #Fauxchohantas
A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only  exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess (1)
out of the  public treasury. After that, the majority always votes  for the  candidate promising the most benefits with the result the  (2)
democracy  collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing, always  to be  followed by a dictatorship, then a monarchy." (3)
Please stop fighting the president on every issue. Nothing is getting accomplished here. As usual.
We voted for & elected Pres. Trump on 11/8/16. You don't accept the outcome, TOUGH. The U. S. finally has a Pres. W/leadership experience.
Trump is over his head in this job,works in chaos,lacks critical thinking skills, no impulsivity control. Symptomatic of ADHD or ALHEIMERS 
You try working in a shit hole like washington
I am sorry that you have such a harsh environment to work in. I wish you the best. Hope it improves for all.
If we let ST and republicans take over we would be no better then Russia & NorthKoria carry on Elizabeth
Fight every effort to implement #SanctuaryCities   Keep them out of #Massachusetts
I'm worried because u did absolutely nothing4women starting9yrs ago.All of a sudden now their is a RepPres.u start complaining/bitchingEliz
Thank you @SenWarren
@POTUS, U'd Better Start Listening To The REST Of America, Instead Of Just The 23% Of Eligible Voters Who Voted 4 U @SenWarren Speaks 4 US!
Not for all of us.
Youre on the warpath!
Remind me why @SenWarren didn't run for president  Maybe she can run in 2020 so she can fix this mess..
We already have a mess that Democrats have done Trump will fix things
You must mean he's fixing things by burning all our bridges internationally and wasting tax payers money on nonessentials.  #FOH
trump should of not of even been aloud to run for POTUS WE NEED HIGHER STANDERS ON WHO IS ALOUD TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!
@Mleeds2048  She is right.
I'm fighting Back for Trump a true American and not for a socialist government like we had under Obama "Wake up my friends"
A true American? He doesn't give a damn about you, about anyone but himself. He looks down upon all who have less $.
Keep fighting for America
WE NEED TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE NOW NOW NOW HE MAY AS WELL BE BOMBING OUR COUNTRY THAT IS HOW BAD THIS IS LOOK FOR AMERICA. GETHIMOUT
you are as honest as your application to teach at Harvard!  Mrs. Indian!!
Frustrated that nobody is listening
The problem is we don't feel like a Democracy when Congress is part of the 1%!
Feelings are not facts.
True but the facts support Congress as part of a growing plutocracy or autocracy!
Thank God this country has you! Thanks for caring!
Thank you for your leadership Senator Warren.
You mean useless and non-productive, argumentative leadership. Yes that Senator Warren.
Yup. Can't wait for #PresWarren
Yes, except for Citizens United, which is only about $.
What else do I need to say? I agree, I voted for you, I wish the president to be impeached as a traitor to Russia? Isn't that the truth?
Well how do we impeach him? Isn't that why I voted dem? If he did these crimes, why are we not impeaching? @NancyPelosi says need evidence?
What are you fighting for? we know what your against ? What are you for?
You should have backed @SenSanders ! Your fault!

Instead of fighting do some work Sen.warren you where put into office to do theres a real need for our democracy 2 work as 1 not as 2 partys
This woman needs to shut up!
Democracy worked. Voters rejected Democrats policies that hurt America. Warren laughabily wrong every time. #masen #defeatWarren
It is up to us. Isn't democracy wonderful?  It allowed President Trump to be elected and halted the Obama policies and downturn of America
You don't represent the American people. You just want to oppose everything our president wants to do. That's why I abandoned the Dems.
Everyone I know is Mass wants to replace you. Even Dems.
@SenSanders @DNC @HouseDemocrats healthcare was in shambles before ACA
You lie
I bet a lot are also asking when in 2018 ur campaign for re-election is so they know how many more days of you we have left representing MA.
Democracy is not the democrats.  Obama said America must give up sovereignty.  Democrats want to give our country to Europe.  Treason
ATTN:Steve Mnuchin, Exec. Producer of Dune Entertainment produced 38 films since 2015, most recent "King Arthur" & many more slated for 2017
fight back by giving power back to the states via Convention of States
Who's asking the illegal immigrants your not doing it for the American people who pay you
Obama write that for you is that his outline to keep stirring  the pot lock her up all of you anti American socialist lock them all up
Fight back ?? With what ??
Heres the thing about Democrats. You keep opposing policies that we voted for. But in 2018 youll be a private citizen again and wont matter.
You live in a safe bubble in MA. Wait till you cross the border.
Yes. How to fight back and keep fighting back
Thank you!!
I fight back by lying about being a minority. So far I've gotten a $5000.00 scholarship intended for blacks.  Pretty sweet! Thanks Elizabeth
Time for some dems to get out.
The way you could have fought back and helped us avoid this mess was by endorsing Bernie! And you damn well know it.
You endorsed Hillary. You sold out. Now look around. You have very little credibility with real progressives.  U chose power over justice.
Perhaps Elizabeth can explain why she didnt endorse Bernie Sanders?
Warren when the next Muslim Terrorist Attack Pledges the United States explain to us your incompetence as a Senator SWORN TO PROTECT US
2020, hopefully you & @SenSanders combine for run as President & Vice President!  Either as POTUS, because that ticket WOULD WIN! #Resist 
GOD do we hope they do.  That combo would only be second best to Hillary again.
Love to you & yours Thothprimetime, obviously your having a stroke  
So your community is super poor, and you live in a @GOP Red state/district? Notice a pattern? WakeTheHellUp@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Here's the thing about democracy. We dont have one. THe United States is a Representative Republic. You're welcome. 
Trump is democracy in action....  you don't want democracy.
You are nuts. Elizabeth.
why must the world suffer from you having never been pretty?
Let's talk about a new politics, not the same "us-them" construct that put us in the hole we are in now.  Zero-sum strategies don't work.
No its cooperation, not slandering or disruption. Americans are NOT ignorant. We really don't believe your messages. #OverIt
waiting to hear your response on if you still feel there shouldn't be a travel ban....do you care about American born children?
Nothing is going to stop this fucking madness until the liberals get fucking together and embrace single payer healthcare and free college
Why you money grubbing fraud, I can't wait for @va_shiva to defeat you next year and you get what you deserve !
I guess you took out your hearing aid in Nov. We spoke loud&clear we are sick of the B that has been coming out of DC. SO HEAR US NOW!
You are scared because your party is crumbling out of control from the inside.
Stop yelling fire already.he won the election .i voted for Hillary myself . But it isn't as if the man wasn't .he is doing a good job .
Lol
Senator Warren, We the people are disgusted with Trump & want him out of our house NOW!
Political Grandstanding!
@TrumpBopBag
We are all in.
Prosecute Warren and throw her in Prison with a nice Orange suit
That's right Ms. CLUELESS Warren I made Trump the first candidate at 49 and he will be my second. Thanks for the advice Go President Trump!!
What a phony!  She is a major obstructionist and whiner who will do anything to pevent POTUS agenda from moving forward.
You are a national treasure 
Start by never listening to what some else has to say.  Avoid dialogue at all costs.  Don't acknowledge someone's position.
You are inspirational, thank you Senator Warren
Did she pass the hat after that speech?
Lizzie: what did U think about the terrorist attack in London? still campaigning fast & furiously
In Massachusetts Lizzy we try and do our jobs.  You're from somewhere else what are you doing besides complaining.
The great think about Twitter is the volume is off and you look like you're just ranting again rather than doing your job and fix the budget
Do you ever stop whining and get the job you're elected to do done?
You didn't do very much for democracy in your party in the last election.
FIGHT BACK???? AGAINST WHAT???
Please be president. Pretty please??
Such an inspiration! 
If we have an attack (cud be fake) please don't rally behind Chump! Peaceful resolutions not more war n violence please.
Elizabeth please impeach Trump please
Oh look a Pow wow
Pocahantas what are you foing for us in Massachusetts...NAFT
Some of us are tired of fighting. Figure out how to get along.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you lied about your race. Who even thinks to lie about that?
Dems are too weak of character and conviction to do anything to dislodge Trump. They're still looking for facts. Gimme a f break!
Why would they ask a lying, liberal, commie like you Pokahontis?
Are you talking about fighting all the terrorists that are actually harming people?
by you going away.
Resist and persist
You are truly insane.
Seems as though 90% of this Senator's tweets are negative
Saw Senator Warren on TYT,... Out of Touch and playing the Russian nonsense, when the USA interferes in elections worldwide. #outoftouch
We cannot sit and just complain.   Those in Washington must hear us!  See us!  Know it is we whom they work for!
You are so wrong, Pocahontas.
How do we fight back? By voting you out
Leadership experience..... he was born rich, given a 1000000$ loan by his dad and still found a way to file for bankruptcy 4 times
First, you must fight against corruption and for democracy in the Democratic Party. Until then, you have no credibility.
Trump appeals to many due to his use of only a select number of words--I would not suggest his word list though (sic, bad, crooked, loser.)
One more, do you read @ThisIsSethsBlog His posts are pointed, inspiring, creative. . .perhaps speak could be more inclusive for all.
Perhaps "The Legal Lens: Senator Warren's Research and Outlook on Good Leading and Living" A place to educate, encourage, and lead citizens.
Do you have a blog that I can subscribe to and where I can get your daily educational advocacy in my email each day? Daily inspiration?
I recommend that people begin to follow Warren to learn--consider her ideas, share w/open mind. She has solid background for leadership
Senator Warren is looking forward, using terrific academic background, understanding of law to lead forward--integral today @realdonaldtrump
@SenWarren is lifting discourse by educating populace about what's happening, what we can do-the kind of info we need today @realdonaldtrump
I'm beginning to visit @SenWarren Twitter feed more often to gain vision, understanding,advice as to how to navigate potential that exists.
Oh Debbie, my poor child of ignorance and trust.The swamp is dry and the sea is gathering far offshore to incredible height.Don will drown.
Think Trump just isn't a politician, he is a business man. This country and it's money needs to be run like a business. Let him do his job.
...if we want our voices to be heard WE NEED TO VOTE ALWAYS!  We need to vote in every single election!
I agree 100% with your message. But please make also a priority of the Democratic Party to make progressive minded people understand that...
I believe that you are delusional. Your town halls are fake news.
Here's the thing about "fighting back". 

It involves voting NO for nominees like Ben Carson and Elaine Chao. 

It's NOT empty words.
If I lived in MA, you wouldn't have my vote.
"Make Love Not War"! It's time to stop the fighting and do your job!

Cuckoo lady.
All you have done the past 2 years is complain. All talk. #impeachthisbitch
Yes, Ma'am!!
What a hell happened to your hands?I thought u r Native American.But u talk like Italians,Greeks or Armenians using hands

DIVIDED STATES OF AMERICA

You can be White, rich & be dumb!
It doesn't really matter. You've the color for the…
Just painful. You supported Hillary over Bernie, you were quiet on the corruption by HRC campaign and Debbie Wasserman Shultz. Be still
We all have to have a voice and express it! That is the entire point of democracy! I'm so proud of the USA right now! RESIST!
let's let some Muslims in lol
Yes, we need to raise our voices. I will continue to argue against issues that I do not support, including some of your hairbrained ideas.
Trump took our countries name off a non binding agreement, that if implemented would have cost us trillions and done nothing
You really make this easy...
@ShockLibs here is a great lady and a true patriot!
Lying American Indian Warren do you think we should still take in those refugees and have what'd going on in London.  I am sure you do.
#Pocahontas The #irrelevant Indian #squaw
Lizzie, why are you and your "fighters" so quiet about the deaths and injuries in the UK? Still want open borders?!?
How many is at your town hall
You're an ISIS supporter as well
How is resisting working?  You are causing climate change by all the hot air you spew.
You're the best!
Please run for president! We need you just as much!
Yeah - and my vote nullifies yours.
@SenWarren you are truly the worst.
