Lemme guess. Either she or her husband own that company.
OR they're getting kickbacks from someone that does.
Actually jesus doesn't care as long as you believe and ask forgiveness later, or on your death bed...
I thought that was just the Catholics.
nope.  It's the general rule of christianity.  All you have to do is accept jesus as savior, telepathically tell him, and believe.
That's not true. That's what some teach though
It's funny, that the word of god can have an interpretation.  All you need to be christian is belief, good works optional.
Nope. Nope. Nope.
I thought republicans were for competition. Putting all the eggs in one basket seems like a dangerous idea... Again!
Is orange blonde hair the new trend? Trump and DeVos must use the same Clariol Nice and Easy hair tint. lol
Diversify your bonds.
Talk about crooks. Is it a prerequisite to get into this administration that you have to want to rip people off? What a joke.
US DEPT OF EDU  ripping people off since 1970s on student loans. It's not a new feature. Waiting for someone to explain why.

4K became 46K
DeVos and the rest of the #Trump administration (including the man, himself) are going to run the US into the ground. They have no clue.
that I'm sure her or some member of her family has either a part of or has a big stake in the company.
A Trump plan promoted by DeVos to emasculate Public Ed. Children must have equal access to education. That is a basic precept of democracy
Who cares about monopoly or anti-trust, right? As long as it is a buddy of theirs, so they can set all the rules, no options!
Easy to know which will win. Let's take a look at her stock portfolio. The loser? her families' biggest competitor.
Under the Trump Administration no one will be able to afford to live, let alone pay their student loans! This system is a failure.
Remove this parasite from my country
Hopefully #Mueller has #DeVos in his sights for her linking her Spectrum Health (& clients' emails) to #Kushner's #TrumpRussia Data Machine
"Had"? As in past-tense?
Does she have business dealings with them?
She's horrible. But looked who nominated her and who confirmed her
Hi price, @JetBlue is the worst airline to fly internationally. Flight 560 should've arrive from Jamaica @ 4:03 pm. It still in Jamaica. BAD
lets not forget who DeVos appointed to overlook the Student Loan program, a CEO from one of the servicers.
Unacceptable
Another way to privatize education,and the erosion of public education, and the constitution.
Sounds like a monopoly!

Thats nice! Corporate GREED
Thanks for allowing the Student loan debt get out of hand @SenWarren   Devoss and @realDonaldTrump will fix it.
How about you guys pay off the student loans. Stop trying to blame it on devos.
Once again,why don't U advocate getting to heart of student loan "crisis"...the COST of higher education.Why rising faster than inflation?
Perhaps overpaid instructors getting paid 6 figures for one course?  Recognize anyone.
If you need a photo of DeVos, just look up "Trump Crony" in dictionary; you'll find her photo.  @UTCD4Coalition @utcd2 @uwork4utah
Doesn't DeVos family have family interest in Navient?
funny, it's ok to have a single payer for student loans, but not for healthcare
I'm tellin ya, the next big bubble will be in the K-12 student loan industry, after Devos rids us of public education
Huh...free market...well unless the GOP is trying to keep you poor, uneducated, and away from the ballot box.
Omg. What a corrupt vile person she is another waste of dna and flesh
Is it her company
Trumps administration is DISGUSTING!!  All of them!!! 
Pay it they owe community service instead of money
Oops just reset the national deficit to 0
My bad
Probably tied to her family, or Russian oligarchs. Or Chinese?
I hope you stopped it...
Like the government?
Friends helping friends. Is it a Russian or Israeli bank?
These people are making a mess of everything m, we have to vote them out!!
WHAAAAAAAT, no
well when no one can afford the interest they will fail
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
STOP DEVOS - ZERO CREDENTIALS other than trump's BILLIONAIRE preference for unqualified cabinet members
Keep at Senator. Don't let this ignorant religious freak implement her irrational rules.
This is contrary to their own beliefs that competition in the marketplace creates competition and fair trade, opposing a monopoly model used
Love it.
She understands nothing.
These guys just don't care what happens to other people's loans, education and lives!
What could possibly go wrong?
Sec DeGross needs to go, asap
No!!!!!
Voting GuideLine #1 The Wealthy, Always LOOT_OUR_GOVT When in Elected or Appointed Office,
Obama for children and public education, DeVos, a billionaire failure in reality will crush knowledge, and hide her stupidity for a fak GOD.
Scary
@GetBZLiving @usedgov @USATODAY they said the same about the Titanic...
That didn't work well over here in the U.K.
You can bet your last dollar the she or her husband will benefit finacially from this.
I will literally leave the country & not pay my loans if DeVos is getting any of my interest. #findanewswampthatdoesntneeddraining
Lol. No company is too big to fail. @Cabinet
This seems like a a risky move to me.
I despise her to her very cold, vacuous core. Fight her daily, Senator. Obviously, she seems to have her own best interest in mind. Ffs.
Stop her. Please @SenWarren big banks got bailout I did not. And no prison. No recourse to stop big banks from doing it again
I'm sure there was no conflict of interest happening with that proposal AT ALL.
wtf?
She spent 250 million to get this job so could do this. She will get a good ROI for sure.
No doubt about it, the GOP/TP Demented are stealing anything they can get their greedy Paws on. Hilarious must be furious, it also would.
@BetsyDeVosED  U are incompetent & think giving 1 co the student loan will help students??? U need your head & conscience checked.
The mob at work
For someone who rips of students and complains of the cost of education, YOU are irrelevant.
They must be his friends abusing his power once again impeach him
Because monopolies are good?
OMG!  Stop her!
Enough already!  When are we gonna start getting rid of the all?
Do you have some friends that want a piece of the pie?
Yak, yak, yak.

Distortion! The "servicing" which means CUSTOMER SERVICE in calls, complaints, emails, and overall good customer service communications.
Congress needs 2fight this.This will be a disaster for borrowers.No  competition,1 company controlling everything will be out of control.
So ... they're not capitalists? They don't believe in competition?
She is so unqualified!

Thank you Senator Warren. This country needs more politicians like you keeping the foxes out of the hen house. #RepresentUs
Unconscionable! Shame!
Can you say monopoly?
TAKE YOUR #2 PENCIL @BetsyDeVos  AN EXIT
She was a bad orange since the beginning but Republicans Senators who appointed her said that she a good apple. (Apple and oranges mixed up)
That works for me because your party hasn't done it any good.
Another useless seahag...
Kind of like handing over all the post office bldg sales to 1person. Richard Blum husband of Dianne Feinstein. Where's your outrage on this
I thought you and obama loved to big to fail companies.
This lady @BetsyDeVosED has rice for brains. She clearly doesnt have a damn clue. Smdh
and more then likely,the top of that company,is a friend or acquaintance,and n some way this move would also benefit her#GOP
do you ever tell the truth
She is working to get the government out of management of areas they should not be involved in. We are not a socialist country.
Lord have mercy. She is wrecking the Education Dept.. Teachers cringe when they hear her name at our church. She has them quite irritated.
Read the article. It started going that way under Obama
Why not work to stop the burgeoning cost of college education instead of get into the weeds about student debt?
Yeah, one that probably benefitted her family's business
Looks like she and donnie shared a bottle of bleach.
Kinda like your "2b2f" legislation #doddfrank further consolidated "2b2fails" or that u are silent on the biggest "2b2f" of all #thefed
Oh, the good old days of no bid contracts of the previous conservative administration.
Saving money @expense of people who depend on student loans. Customer service drops when competition eliminated. A billionaire can't relate
He's out there rewarding his cronies. That is what his running for president was all about from the start.
No company is too big to fail.  Just ask Sears, Montgomery Ward, GE, Washington Mutual, Radio Shack........
This billionaire is just over her head! Knows nothing about anything public education!   Hopefully she'll resign before more damage!!
This is what you're worried about?! You voted NO TO AUDIT THE FED? $9 TRILLION was doled out to banks, individuals and corporations. SHAME!
What's your plan pocahauntus ? Forgive all obligations and pile more unsustainable debt on the backs of the WORKING middle class?
Resist!
there is no end to this... you need to run for POTUS...
Always follow the money.
I like that per the same cabinet single payor/payee for debt service is ok for student loans but not for healthcare.
Help us Elizabeth!
Wonder how much $$$ 45 & DeVos r making hmm 
I guess these "savings " can pay for Trump golfing at his resorts
YEAH, that will work like the Mortgage crisis that they did to American's. I worked in a credit union and OMG. Said student loans next SMH!
Ugg!
Well, look at Congress ....created a monster that panders to voters at taxpayer expense with a default rate of 30%+....that's the crime
Betty you've been wrong for so long that your ideas are just an annoyance only heard by your failing leaders.
Why don't you show any concern for this:
please do all you can to stop them!
This idiot must go. One of the hallmarks of democracy is public ed. She's determined to kill it, painfully, by 1000 cuts.
I notice a trend #Democrats never say what their going to do it's always what your against. What happened to the #DNC
@realDonaldTrump This is crazy, what can be done to stop this unhinged person? @SenSchumer @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP
Warren out to destroy our country by lies and innuendo
Sad
Are liars in the Senate too big to fail Liz? Point one out for us. Oh, I know one. Here is a picture.
Closed door politics
Any one that borrows money, i.e. Students, should pay it back. It's not free money.
How much is DeVos and/or her family profiting ?
What could go wrong
One of her mates no doubt
What a terrible person.
How can anyone be surprised?
@SenWarren what can we do to help stop this???
And RFPs are bull..the grubbers already know who they're gonna pick & bet a nickel there's a kickback of some kind waitin in the wings..
Had key word or Alinsky tactic. Do don't talk.
Why do you care you received special benefits when you falsified your gemologist life link claiming to be Native American
Trump and Betsy use the same hair dye...
#amway pyramid scheme of choice for bad blond jobs and tanning
Anything comments on DEBBIE WASSERMAN SHULTZ and what happened at DNC?? I can imagine if it was on GOP side oh how awful and criminal!
Get govt out of the student loan business
And they donated money to his campaign
Antitrust laws??? Monopolies??? Not good!
She needs ousted. No experience, no morals
Owners of the company by chance? How many ways do they plan of screwing the ppl that are trying to get an education??!!
Clearly to only use one lender puts the other lenders  at risk for firing all those employees so what's that cost?
She has no experience in anything so who exactly is making this assessment and what is it based on?
Maybe the others didn't offer enough goodies!
Trumpster and DeVos are both luney. What did Ted Kennedy say about greed?
Follow the money. She must have some tie to whoever gets to be the one company.
Follow the Money! DeVos is not only going to ruin Public Education in U.S., she & her friends are going to make money during the process.
another example of  pay-to-play benefiting from the position she bought from Trump for his cesspool.
Wow look at the #TwoFakeHair Billionaires who can't even get HAIR right!! @GeorgWebb Have a good laugh as you rise there on Ecoast
Hhhmmmm. Let me guess who would have an interest in it
Just to highlight a couple of gems from this new direction Devos is taking:
Thank you for fighting for us @SenWarren! I have three degrees and work in education-I need a great servicer and loan forgiveness!
How illiterate to tie the $1.3 trillion student loan debt to ONE company? This one company could completely collapse Economy.  @BetsyDeVos
Isn't that the plan
OMG!
She is in over her head
De VOs, GROSSLY incompetent-as in Trump.
Are you kidding me, who is getting their pocketbooks filled??? DeVos is totally unqualified and should be fired
DeVos is a disgrace like the rest of them. How I miss integrity in the WH.
And how many shares does Betsy own in the company?
You mean like how Obama did with student loan origination?
instead of "trickle down" we have "trickle up" 
She needs to be ousted!!!
@1MandaBear @usedgov of course, she gives it to a friend, get a secret kick back.
If secretary DeVos takes a speaker fee from a school be sure to let us know #llookwhostalking #ABetterSteal sorry you didn't get a cut here.
and you guy gave us common core where somehow the government knows what kids need taught of you don't you don't get funding
Was it a Russian company?
#ABetterSteal who cares the student loan program really needs an overhaul! Loans should not be allowed for fly by night schools!
These ppl are unbelievable disgusting 
Fake news, anyone?
She is a disgrace.
How much her family & friends will make out of this deal?
