Holocaust Memorial in downtown Boston damaged; person in custody for alleged vandalism http://bos.gl/UVwv1ed  
Senator, the permits for the upcoming white nationalism rally need to be revoked. This is no game. 1A does not extend to those inciting harm
Until this particular group actually does incite harm/violence, the First does protect their right to spew their noxious beliefs.
Yes, true. Im mistaking 1A protections here w those that wd apply in an educational institution. 1/2
There, reason to believe violence would be incited is enough to allow permits to be revoked. 2/2
A witness said it was fine until Blm showed up
Who was this "witness"?  I've heard nothing like that from any source.  #CharlottesvilleVA
Must've been one of the stunads that this jadrool knows. Ignore him.
But I guess you were there and you know everything
Pardon my French, but don't fuck with Boston. Just ask the Tsarnaevs. We shut down the city and hunted them down like the animals they are.
And, if anything, Boston learned from the Marathon bombing.  Our leaders are clear that violence will not be tolerated.
Agree. Soros must be held accountable at some point. MAGA
Then why did the DNC pay them to do it? Are you just as black hearted as the Nazi Antifa team you hired?
The violent ones are your supporters. BLM and Antifa are Democrats.
The problem With Charlottesville was that the Police failed to make any arrests . They let those racist go wild.
Are you ever in Boston? You seem to travel a lot! Who pays - mass tax payers
https://twitter.com/va_shiva/status/878250159968108544 …
The memorial was only recently restored from s prior act of vandalism.
You refuse to condemn Antifa and you're a fake Indian.
Elizabeth, your party has been supporting these act since losing the election. Also, democrats stand with the KKK ask Al Gore and his Pa
Psycho Warren never prosecuted a Kennedy. Guess she was as useless as MA AT as a senator
You want to mend this country? Then you and the rest of your liberal ilk must stop beating this civil war drum. I. AM. NOT. A. RACIST.
Yes you are
Look familiar!
then tell ur supporter Sorros to stop it. and tell McCain to make his son stop being with antifa.
It was a Black possibly Antifa man who did that! Your boys are getting out of control!
It's amazing we have to have this conversation in 2017
I say antifa did it
Looks like many have called you out on your bias !

Maybe you should remind your people in Seattle, Oakland, and Chicago of that fact.
Antifa is not the same as Black Bloc.  Get your facts straight.
Nazis are planning rallies in 9 US cities this weekend: Boston, Austin, Mtn View CA, ATL, LA, Pittsburgh & Seattle
Thats what liberals want you to think, lies
then openly denounce Black Lives Matter and AntiFA - you asked POTUS to do it so put your money where your mouth is
Warren how much $ has Soras given you? You seem to be his patsy
Yes let's let Psych Warren decide free speech issues.
Please also condemn the protestors who pulled down the Confederate statue in Durham NC. We have to call out ALL vandals, even our own.
You are equating vandalism with terrorism and murder. Shameful.
If your serious about stopping hate you need to arrest Antifa and stop funding from Soros if not your full of it
Why would you arrest people who are against fascism which has no redeeming value to society?  You make no sense.
Well for starters Antifa did destroy half of Berkley, set a photographer on fire, stabbed a horse, blew up a car, all in one night.
Do the Dems really expect to get power back after this crap I don't think so this is the end for them Trump has made them loose there minds
If they keep backing groups like antifa, blm, and Linda Sarsour. I don't see them keeping their seats. Going nutter by the day.
I hope they eventually work their selves into being denounced as a political party all together
I think so I see a lot of posts on here, Facebook & YouTube of how people are coming to the realization of what the Democratic Party is.

So why aren't you condemning Antifa?
Trump is payback for the sins committed by politicians . He is the bigger devil !!!
keep spreading the hate & the hate will keep rising to the surface! You & Left say there is no "all sides" well ma'am the hate is from all
During the free speech rally in Boston. the only violent ones were on your side. Please wake up and realize the right isn't the problem
You're right, that's why you should also condemn the side that had the baseball bats and hit the car before it ran anyone over
She's a jerk!


Such peaceful looking crew


Unless you're Antifa
Really Your part of the socialist movement. That's great look what is happening in Venezuela a Socialist Govt' Fake Senator

Antifa attacking an innocent Trump supporter who was walking by, 
I captured this as I was undercover as Antifa. 

#BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers.
Do you condone the Antifa...nazi group and BLM...the hate group? Both are nazi/communist groups and are as deplorable as the kkk.

Boston Free Speech Rally: What The News did NOT Cover. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGcvuDFQbUVxT2Fhcm9KS298MWpNSmdQQVBxUWp4TJ46kpQnp4mD_DhAX3r18FmnBxw3OuPC_1BDPwH66SVC …
Look at the link I posted, it's what really happened at the free speach rally.
WOW...
It's because of you people and your call for resistance you're causing this anarchy in our world today you are destroying America
Are you condemning and stopping antifa?
Call your comrades Soros and Clinton and TELL THEM TO STOP PAYING THE BLM/ANITFA THUGS. STOP THE MADNESS
The first thing you ever said that I agree with. What are you going to do to heal the country and bring Americans back together?
Then why do you and your party condone the violence, like blm, antifa. Stop lyin NON NATIVE
We agree so why do your people keep doing this.
You speak but you "say" nothing. 

Gee,  if not for your statement,  I would have AIR B&B these guys @ my house. 

Honestly,  youre a joke
Agreed.  But let's also be clear that you lied about your ancestry to advance your career.  You are a fraud.
How come u left out that the suspect is a Muslim teen?
Cuz that might hurt her push for bringing more Muslim refugees.
Yeah; that part gets left out and they just say, see white people bad.
Not that I want to disagree, but this "Scheissvoramt" is taking hold somewhere.  Racism is sublimated and sneaky. Resist? Yeah, let's resist
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/2017/08/ku_klux_klan_to_attend_boston_rally … There's more coming our way! Stop them now! Speak out against it! Stop the rally!
you keep promoting hate and this is what happens! when you all take responsibility for your own actions & call for peace in DC this will end

GROUPS OF HATES SHOULDN'T BE ALLOWED PERMITS FOR PROTEST BC WE KNOW WHO THEY ARE AND WHAT THEY WANT. CUT THEIR HEAD BEFORE BITES US.
Love you warren. Keep speaking the truth because the president is a hater
Democrats & Media: The American People aren't stupid! RETWEET _  SHARE! @CNN #FAKENEWS #MAGA @realDonaldTrump RETWEET & SHARE!
Coward is someone who lies about being Native American but in fact is not. Phony.
Haha I wonder if the members of the Boston Tea Party would feel the same way about it as you do? They were once considered cowards.
Elizabeth Warren you are such a phoney
Hate and violence is not welcome anywhere. What makes Boston so special?
I bet you are Little Running Doe.
Isn't this coming from your liberal state? Hmmm.
thank u. Watching from Uganda
Thanks for being as clear as swamp mud can be. 
#PhillyisCharlottesville
You and your previous leader have brought us to this point. Obama was too busy kissing rear ends and he poisoned race relations.
Only Cowards I see are these chumps. The New Liberal's, Agree or Die! #DemocratsAreISIS
#DemocratsAreIsis I like it. Imo they are worse than isis. At least Isis admits they want to destroy America.
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Withhold Federal funds from states & cities that don't remove confederate statues & symbols from government & public properties
What about those cowards with masks who are your POLITICAL ALLIES? You know who: the burn, loot, smash windows, bash people, etc. ANTIFA?
have gutts, go on Hannity and Carlson, chicken
Let me be clear Mrs Warren. Your party and your beliefs are part of the fuel for this misbehavior. I am tired of your lying.
Here you go - in their OWN words. Antifa the Bullies going after Free Speech. Wake Up Elizabeth!!!
Left wing terrorist organization Antifa is already gearing up to silence free speech in Boston next week under false pretenses. 
Well you better start calling out and denouncing Antifa then!!!  THEY are the ones coming to Boston Aug 19th & they will burn & destroy all.
R you saying there is no place for"cowardly acts of hate"in Boston? R all"cowardly acts of hate"not welcome or some? R they welcome in NY?
Time for you to leave then isn't it.
Vicious & cruel ! This needs to stop now!!


It's so sad that people have to destroy instead of a peace rally! Immature
Your name is the only thing I need to point out to anyone for this arguement.


Yes she is
What about the hate actions started by democrats to destroy historical monuments throughout the country?
I love you. Thanks for never letting me down.
David Ortiz must be pretty mad at this he stuck for the Boston when the mad bombers went thru
Heartbreaking & scary as hell.
That's you're party so you deal with it and talk to your boss Soros about it.
https://www.facebook.com/TheAtlantic/videos/10155741728403487/ …
I'm losing respect for you. Take action. Yet another line crossed by Trump. How many more before you and other dems take action?
Well duh yeah. But there's too much chance of agents provocateurs in ALL of this. BOTH events this + next weekends sound like setups to me.
Warren. Speaks with "FORK TONGUE "
No but you welcome BLACK SUPREMISTS and PAID SOROS RIOTERS WHO SPEW HATE TOWARDS POTUS. What does that say about you ? HAHAHAHA
BEGINNING YOUR PRESIDENTIAL BID FOR 2020!?!? My PRESIDENT SAID IT PERFECTLY...BOTH SIDES CAME WITH WEAPONS THAT DAY!!!
We must oppose white trash hate groups and black lives matters hate groups.  We should also condemn the paid liberal good squad!

Making America Hate Again
Remember when hitler burned that gov building down And blamed it on the communists.. same sorta thing is prob beginning
Call out antifa lady
Then you and your cronies better start working with Pres. Trump to clean up your messes. Start being the solution.
Wow. What a leader. NOT.
Then STOP promoting them, POCAHONTAS!!

Terrible!!!
We are marching to protect free speech for all! I voted for Bernie. How dare you incite violence ! How dare you lie and threaten the 1a!
I'm so sorry Elizabeth  I thought you supported such activity. Your words about Berkeley were different. What is the difference?
U just keep flapping them lips get out of politics and take a vacation and go skinny-dipping in a cesspool
It's sad that anyone this stupid could be in the White house
Run for President
War was about states rights not slavery. Slavery was just a nice addition to the end.
I remember visiting and feeling the enormity of the tragedy. How someone can deface this is so upsetting #trumpsamerica #impeach
History has shown hate never wins.
What's your advice to Boston, to @bostonpolice, to would be protestors, to media?
No one should be allowed to destroy property
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke  tRump stands with evil
I was in boston today. Heavy police presence at the memorial. Never ever had an issue at this memorial until this Trump year.
Sickening
Of course they're NOT WELCOME. What are you going to do about it?!
" IMPEACH HIM "
IMPEACHMENT!!! For the loce of GOD, remove this RACIST PIG from office!!!
"LOVE OG GOD" although 45 os LOCO.
#nomorelabels

https://www.facebook.com/events/1700263840015865/?ti=cl …
Destroying a memorial will not scare Jews anywhere. We are united and strong and will work to save our country #WeRemember #neveragain
@GOP this is on your watch! #Complicit
#RacistTrump fueling these kinds of disrespectful hateful acts, his words empower W Supremacists
Except maybe Baltimore, Ammirite? Democrats love a good fringe left violent riot.
Just horrific #devolving
Love is stronger than hate in our cities.
TWITLER

August 15, 2017. It is now abundantly clear. He's not just backed by them. He's one of them.

(My latest:)
Cameras need to be set up to protect this site from any future damage.
Great. It's not like your going to actually do something about it though.
It would be my hope that you'll denounce the groups/ideology involved when it's learned. Can you commit to that?
Good decent people in society don't think or act in these hateful ways. Allow them their "history" away from the rest of us.
Since these monuments are  the flash point, allow the Alt-Right to purchase them, move them to their own private land.Use the money for good
What do you expect when 45 condones this behavior. #ImpeachTrumpNow
It is absolutely imperative that congress acts to protect our democracy and the world from 45 who is simply unfit to serve--#UnfitForOffice
This hate must stop!
Only our arrogance makes this surprising. POC have been telling us about this reality in the US for 50 years.
AGREED
They're not welcome on my block either. They're bad people intent on doing bad things .
