Fiscally conservative @SenateGOP must be loosing their minds. Repeal and ADD 137 BILLION to the debt or FIX IT and SAVE MONEY.
because exploding premiums and giant deductibles build character?
And how does not having health care effect premiums? lol exploding premiums.
oh I forgot those that look at govt like its mommy and daddy are OK with lies like "you'll save $2500 a month".
Im confused, do you think thats a reply to what I wrote, or do you just have random responses ready.
ok you enjoy your continued inability to think. im going to mute you & your 13 followers now just to cut some of the stupidy
Wow good one. You have an inability to answer so you mute. Enjoy your safe space
guess you are in favor of destroying the middle class?
ACA saved my life. As a self employed person, I've more control over my healthcare now than ever before. PLZ save ACA!
lay the smack down on them
YOU WERE GREAT !  THANK YOU.  WE'RE WORKING ON IT FROM OUR SIDE TOO.
Give  'em hell,  Senator Warren!  We need more like you to fight for us!
can we do something for survivors of Rape and sexual assault. We need you more than ever as a Rape survivor myself please riseup
2018 you are done 57% of voters in Massachusetts want you gone and We are there working daily to make sure you LOSE
Liar. She's in the top 10 percent of most popular US senators. Nice try though.
YUP and @HillaryClinton was going to win in a landslide
and she did in Massachusetts which I just confirmed you have  nothing to do with.
We real Americans here elect our senators based on who gets more votes.
Vote NO on Tom Price!
U Will Never B Powerfull!!! U R The Voice Of The Crooked PAST!!! Pocahani 's!!! U R A Far Lefty & U Won't Beat TRUMP
Please EW how the hell listens to Pokahontis and he lies.
Thank you SenWarren!  Your grit and no-nonsense leadership is the touchstone for All Americans @StoptheGOP
thank you!!!
One good reason is because many do not understand it's the same thing as Obamacare.
I can't afford it this year. One provider w crappy plans and my daughters father gets to claim get on taxes (sees her 20 days/yr)
how do you have full custody but can't even afford health insurance?
Please. Please. Fight for us.
sorry honey, the people have spoken, next time win the election and dont lose both houses.
the ppl did speak and Hilary won the popular vote... unfortunately, we have the electoral college
take out California which panders to illegals and welfare socialist, u did not win pop vote but irrelevant
Let's take out Texas while we're at it. Level the field since facts r irrelevant apparently.

I'm not a dem but imagine what the map would look like if the Dems moved out of urban areas.
there in urban areas for a reason, public housing, section 8, Democrats control them w/free stuff
They're*- True plus the jobs, transportation, convenience etc.
WAIT! Don't forget the facts before u go. Um, sorry. Your in the DNC. No facts used. Don't forget your fear rhetoric.
Thank you Elizabeth. You are lifting us up and encouraging other women to Stand up to Bullies. On a grand scale. THX
Repeal and Replace, ASAP!!!
with what? 20 million are in need of the details.
can I speak about why repealing will be better then trying to save it premiums are way to outrageous
I agree.  We need to continue to tax the poor under #obamacare

YOU and ALL your fellow demorats should ALL go on obamacare!! Then you would see what a HORRIBLE plan it is!  Dare you to try it!
Elizabeth Warren is a true fighter. Amazing woman!
@kim_yaman @SenateGOP thank u for your dedication. Losing ACA, would be devastating to our family.
and please make sure to filibuster the #Scotus nominee!!!
If the GOP hadn't tried to gut the ACA from the very beginning, it would be better
Start by pointing out that Trump GOP supporters don't even realize Obamacare IS ACA!
I'll be sure to tune in. I love when Democrats throw temper tantrums because they don't get their way.
How can u with a straight face call it ACA U do not pay  payments Nor do u have to cover the deductible U people got Ur own ins
I like the way that people who say repeal and let free market reign, are all on Medicare.
ughhhh.  You are a fraud
Repeal and replace with Medicare for all.
@Cognac4Paws @SenateGOP Give it to them. Don't let them kick my sister off herins. They won't like what happens if they do.
Please keep fighting ! Sad thing u should not be fighting should be compromising
@ColinPeters @SenateGOP ACA saved me and my family. Would've spent equiv of 8 yrs @Yale for one hospital bill. Fight for good!
I ZZZZZZZ-Z-ZZZZZZZZZ,zzzzzzz
I wouldn't watch whack job Elizabeth Warren live or in any media form.
oh goodie
I feel so much better knowing you are fighting for us all. Thank you!
REPEAL and let free market drive down costs. Easy.
Just tuned in on C-SPAN2 tv channel. Still speaking about it.
the GOP thinks before acting. They have nothing to replace ACA or it's been proposed before now. PEOPLE WILL DIE
Repeal and replace!  Repeal first, other later.  Build wall now, Mexico will pay later.  Ethics checks are so PC.
- Senator Warren, thank you for fighting to prevent repeal of ACA. Don't let GOP #MakeAmericaSickAgain! We need ACA!
@realDonaldTrump has too short an attention span for this,ask Pence to watch,bet he doesn't!
we need to repeal it to see what's next. #soundedgoodwhenyoursidedidit
thank you. Please don't let this disastrous and inhumane repeal happen. Tens of thousands will suffer.
you need to let it be repealed because you guys not only tricked Americans into it you lied to us about it.
give it up Liz. It's over
Senator Warren, The American people didn't want ACA the 1st time around. It was sold on lies! Time to STOP LYING!
Ask which one of these could be Obama's child..
wow.. what happened? you seemed to be above this crap before...
Seems anything about Trump or supporters is fair game. The constant attack needs to be addressed...
None of these mightier than thou seem to care about what affects us, but rather start fires or fake news.
Do you speak Indian?
so you took up space, wasted everyone's time and did not offer solutions.  You and Bernie are has beens.
Let them have it Senator
Go Sen Warren boss up to the useless GOP!!!
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT. IT'S TIME TO GIVETHEM SOME OF THEIR OWN MEDICINE. I'd rather see us fail, then to see us FALL.
@kharyp @SenateGOP    Thank you!
Need to make ACA better, not repeal it!
people get amnesia. Does anyone remember what health care was like prior to ACA?
Sure the GOP can repeal Obamacare and replace it too. You should vote to repeal it. Most Ma Voters want repeal
give em hell
Good luck with that Liz.
No Thanks, Pocahontis
champion America's causes in the name of all those who can't be there with you.

Thank you.
@CBS6Albany @SenateGOP no one cares about Socialism
Republican obstruction is what has made the ACA not work in many ways. All they have to do is fix what's bad.
Thank you, Senator Warren. We need you.
regarding #ACA I don't want to be uninsured but the program needs to change. What's the plan? Any ideas. #askhilliary
It's happening. My monthly premium increased (again) by 40% effective Jan. 1st. REPEAL THE UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT ASAP!
i would watch but you are incoherent
Hey Republicans, keep your damn hands off my healthcare! @maddow
CRYBABY, Move to Canada if you don't like it here.Do us all a favor!
no the country needs too replace it without adding 9.7 trillion in debt Senator
You're speaking to an empty chamber on C-span. Nobody is listening. C-Span should give us a wide shot.
Do a rain dance too
stand strong! Please tell me what I can do to help!
Evidently you have figured out why Trump won.  WE DONT WANT ACA!
if anyone can be effective it's Elizabeth
R's really don't understand the problem if their solution is tax credits and HSA's. Low incomes not taxable & nothing left to sav
Go Senator Warren!!

Heaven forbid someone strike down an already shitty idea.
Our founding fathers are rolling in their grave knowing you're a senator.
give em hell Warren
<3 <3 <3
Thank you for speaking up for us.  
can we get you to repay the scholarship you STOLE from the Cherokee?

Please fight to keep ACA. I'm a cancer survivor  Lost all while sick. If I get sick again w no OC I'll die, broke.
Thank you for speaking for all those who rely on ACA. Sincerely.
Thank you Senator Warren!!!
you passed it, but have you read it yet?
go kick some ass senator warren,give them hell!!
No fine, let them cancel it in 2020. We'll just set up single payer to replace it. To hell with that joke industry.
Thank you Senator!
@PattyMurray @ElizabethWarren #NoEthicsNoHearing #TheResistance @SenSanders
Great job Senator.
. @SenWarren @SenateGOP LIVE Senate floor #ACA-  Millions now can see a doctor for first time ever
I am confused about @BernieSanders  comment letting them win
Listen Warren its gonna happen whether you like it or not. bigot.
Thank you Senator Warren, my kids depend on you.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for fighting to keep us covered!
nobody cares, you're such a quack And A loser that has done nothing #Pocahontas
thank you for fighting for all of us!
go get them!
Thank you for trying to save 20M lives.
Better late than never.
Thank you for caring about Americans. #ACA saves lives & means people don't have to choose between meds and food.
it must be repealed I can't afford $12,000 a year for a family of 3. Give me back my bronze plan
thank you for speaking on behalf of many of us!Why can't the GOP copy Mass. health care as a possible solution.
Thank you for your devotion, your intelligence and your compassion. You are a genuine hero, Senator!
please do not confirm Jeff sessions or any Misfits Trump has proposed for his cabinet. not fit to serve. No forms=no ethics
Thank you Sen. WARREN, WE NEED YOUR VIOCE TO BE HEARD BY ALL.
Do you have any idea how much this costs 43k median income Americans? It's robbery.
go, lizzy!
you guys are working so hard..thank you!
No substance; just rhetoric
.  Thank you, Sen Warren.  Watched & you make me proud.
I did look,why do many empty seats?
you go girl
Thank you for standing up for what is right! Repeal and run is cowardice! #revolution #TheResistance
Excellent speech - thank you for all you are doing, Senator!
Thank you 4 fighting for ACA! Too many Americans will suffer w/out it
Thank you for fighting for us. 
thank you! I hope the GOP comes to their senses
You're a corrupt liar. And don't care about anything but $$$.
Great job!  Your passion for your job and representing us shines through every time you speak.
You rock!
lip service. At least suggest in your outrage the single payer system. Don't defend ACA a failed Republican/Romneycare system !
watched you.  U r great!
Thank you Senator Warren!!
You spoke well, Senator Warren!!! I work in healthcare. The complexity is enormous. You nailed it.
Give 'em hell!
Thank you. Well said.
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Bad luck to ya POC
Fantastic speech, Senator Warren.  Thank you.
back them down!!! Go MS Warren!!
all you are is just noise. Get on board and help our Republic. ACA is a train wreck. @SenateGOP show @TheDemocrats how to fix it!
Thanks!
go get'em!!!!!
We're listening! Do not repeal ACA!
Thank you @SenWarren. @SenateGOP my insurance is through ACA, please don't take it away
Thank you @SenWarren for looking out for your constituents - and all Americans! @SenateGOP
thank you EW!!
We are 100% behind you! Thank you for your service and compassion!
thank you Sen Warren! GOP don't take away my cancer treatments
Thank you Senator Warren
who cares..witch
Oh look at me Im Talking!  I need attention, LOOK at Me!!
. Thank you Elizabeth. You represent "we the people" the best! I applaud your dedication and hard work.
What planet are you from? ACA, which policy do you have? No one can afford it, it's that ridiculous. The d is funnier!
My daughter & I have insurance thru the ACA & it has been a godsend & a literal lifesaver. Thank you for all you do.
Go get em!!!
, thank you for speaking out. "We didn't repeal and run." Listen if you have ears,  @SenateGOP #ACA

go get em you are a hero
We don't want to have ACA repeal cuz am Disabilities too !!! Don't have full time job at all still 57 yrs old !!!!
Go get 'em!  @SenateGOP 
we support you because you support us
you should start thinking of ways to make the Trump Care Act better instead of wasting time on a failed/illegal plan
an intelligent sensible approach, what a concept, a Senator who works for the people. Hope it catches on
Speaking alone doesn't help...Your game is over by Jan 20
Go get 'em! Thanks, Senator!
Give them hell
Why not?   It is a business nighmare and it's not affordable!!!
well, if they have the numbers, they can pretty much repeal anything they like...
crazy socialist ur 20 trillion in debt and still have millions without insurance. Are u fucking stunned? Repeal!!
fuck Obamacare My mom has to wait 2 fucking weeks for a cortisone shot because of that bullshit
I work in health care and blame the Dr's office for NOT getting the authorization  for the shot.
they pay their bill every freakin month , maybe they should wait 2 weeks after the due date?
An authorization from the insurance company is needed for everything.  Even my insurance from work
nope called them said it was fine it's a generic drug and the doctor is in their network
