Keep fighting the good fight Liz! UR a reminder that good people in govt still exist despite the present chaos & overt corruption
ick
Repub plan is projected to cause premium hike 30% when premiums were supposed to stay steady beginning 2018 under ACA
whoulda thunk?
you know most healthy people don't get in ACA until they're sick and it just raises the cost for everyone else?
Medicaid won't be around in 2020
Please start calling the Republicans' plan #TrumpdontCare
no, THEY NEED to pay for it themselves. I don't want to pay for others. Don't care.
why did @TheDemocrats call It affordable care act,when the only people who can afford healthcare under it get healthcare for free
the future of care for trans folk in general - plus specific to trans healthcare - is scary. That my doc was scared too....
Elizabeth - Do the right thing, give up YOUR gold plated healthcare plan given to politicians then lets talk!
sorry to bombard you. Disabled folk crowded together election night sobbing, considering suicide. We knew we were dispensable.
I have so many genetic disorders, I'm 33 and have had 2 TIA/mini-strokes in last 9 months. I can't afford a repeal. I will die.
say NO to #TrumpCare
you don't understand ACA when not ONE MEMBER OF CONGRESS is using it themselves.
it helps some & harms others. How about working on something for all Americans, not just dems? How many GOP voted ACA? #democracy
When you block medical access and make it only available through sources then yes. Others dropped ACA
Don't let them repeal and replace Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!
now we see that our worst fears are on the HB block. Please help bring our fears to the table. Esp BIPOC trans disabled folk
@RepCohen just heard HSA to replace covered preventative care. How is that affordable for ppl? Guess we're on own 2 prvnt disease
I bet you don't.
Go away Pokey.
All your credibility lost forever.
Rep. Senators Rob Portman, Cory Gardner, Lisa  Murkowski  and Shelley Capito said Paul Ryan's bill won't get their votes. BRAVO!
With massive Koch-funded offensive, Ryan is about to rip the ACA out from under Lynn CHC with the help of brainwashed Trumpers.
we are not rein washed. The ACA is not affordable and on the verge of collapse.
=You think Ryancare will be affordable? Lolz
would you consider meeting with folks at Fenway Community Health Center? As a trans disabled patient I am terrified. So is my doc
Bye ACA 
@paronlulu their Medicaid will be provided through the state
Why?  They all on medicaid?  Millions who had great insurance b4 ACA could care less about the massive entitlement expansion.
I'm from Pennsylvania, and  I'm a micro tech working in a hospital. I pay 264 every two weeks.Stop insurance companies,please!
and we paid your salary for that, I think you could manage your time better.
i. Affraid theyre going to keep ACA and call it TRUMPCARE. Plagiarizing!
home of 9/11 terrorist.  I though they were from middle east. This was a stop before they attacked
pretty sure most of their low income patients have Romey care (the first premium hike for the working class)
yes because they couldn't find full time work with ins. under Obama. Keep paying them Liz and they will be your servants 4 life
what about the rest of us ???? Im healthy and paying $750/mo so they can have care???? Bullshit!
THANK-YOU!  You,are,tirelessly, working, for,all!  I'm on MEDICADE, and,I am blessed,for it..
Kiss it goodbye today boo on repukes boo on congress
Pocahontas you no longer stand for the American people.  You're a traitor to American values. Resign!
Well then, won't they totally LOVE the REAL insurance when that crap sandwich of yours is replaced, Pocahontas? You loon!
hey Pocahontas. U still campaigning? Give it a break. Give Pres. Trump a chance - keep your mouth closed for a bit.
they can use a better more inclusive modified version that benefits more and promotes competition even more
Everyone I know can't wait to get rid of this POS legislation! Should have gotten rid of it at the same time we got rid of Obama!
I can't tell you of 1 person that I know who has anything good to say about ACA! No one paying for it can afford it! Or the deduc
All these ppl you say need the ACA for insurance! Are they actually paying for it, or is this a Gov free-be paid by tax payers?
so you saying they saw nobody before Obama care? I call bullshit.
Because of Obamacare I can only afford premiums, can't afford to see and pay for doctor and deductibles, failing system sucks.
please keep telling these stories as Trump tries 2 hide R ACA repeal w/fake news on wiretaps. Its repeal w/no real replace
Medicaid for all would better. Medicare that is available today has co pay. Medicaid pays for everything.
ACA too expensive deductibles too high ($5000) coverage stinks. Only good coverage is free Medicaid for welfare.
well yeah of course they do
DRAIN THE SWAMP START WITH WARREN !
you still a hypocrite bc you do not support US you just use US. #lynnisnotasleep
Slick Lizzy must not come in contact with any ppl that got screwed by this " piece of shxt ACA".
Yeah I am sure they are all for it.. Fake News...
propaganda
Elizabeth Warren is a Saint. Bless you.
My dads from Lynn, MA. Lynn, Lynn, the city of sin. You never come out the way you went in.
Bullshit Pocahontas! The ACA will be repealed & replaced whether you like it or not!
Lynn Assachusetts They all collect govt subsidies and not just there they all double dip,Fix the problem before giving out more.
I trust that you will fight for single payer health insurance. No one would be left out of such a plan.
Americans coming forward on benefits of ACA-issues should be fixed. House readying HR307-D.V.A. hlthcare for Congress. Hypocrites
Give love to the nurses out there. We are the ones taking care of your sick loved ones
then I guess that means we can expect your vote for the new healthcare bill. That's great news. At least u can do 1 good thing.
ACA screws Millennials. Another scam for the banks. #replace
most of us need ACA for health care: single payer health care-that is the only thing we can "replace" ACA with.
go visit a planned parenthood clinic now @HerreraBeutler
Liz your life is worth less than a Russian food stamp right now. Got cought with UR pants down Liz?
no they don't   They need a repeal and replacement of healthcare
Lynn Lynn the city of sin...you never come out the way you went in
No one needs the ACA.
my native American friend says your name in apache  means dances with fools
Haven't you heard? Obamacare is failing. Congress needs to approve a health insurance plan that is affordable and works for all Americans.
their patients mean crap to you so stop pretending
trouble maker n #traitor
thank you Sen. Warren. But seriously, MEDICARE FOR ALL.
why don't you use the ACA for your health care or do you have a private  medician man
Why do democrats have to lie about everything?
They need ACA or they need health care options? You can have one without the other.
Translation. 'You're not smart enough to figure Health Care out on your own ...if  not for Govt, you'd be helpless.'
Headed to Town Hall NC ROUZER7th.  @SenWarren what should I ask him? Most important question. TY.
sure
keep resisting. keep persisting. please consider 2020
@WaysandMeansGOP @HouseGOP & @SpeakerRyan OBSTRUCTED Obama's original plan. #GOP reworked Obama's #ACA & will take credit! PIGS @SenWarren
aca is dead in the water can't be revived
btw, thank you for all that you do to help us #ACA
Really?  How is it working for the overwhelmimg majority who pay for it? Please stop extreme left blather.
any and all systems will be broken over time by those who need to prove it's broken. Why? and what do they offer in return? Greed
Pokemhauntus.......Did you smoke a peace pipe with anyone? 
the basketful of deplorables and the bucketful of unremarkables want to be owned by big pharma.
. @SenWarren what will Mass do to protect its citizens? Stage IV cancer & very worried #ACA
Jean, sorry to see this. I am sending you strength and positive vibes. That sucks. You have a beautiful smile.
half of my teeth are now false, another loss to cancer #ACA
So sorry to hear that. Without cancer, I have many missing teeth, which is a statement about our poor #healthcare sytem
with your help the revised plan can be even better and less costly. We need leadership not obstruction SENATOR
damnit. we know things are wrong. Fix, don't let the steers stampede.  Tired of bulls in a china shop. Just fix it. hard fight
What happens to a nation when it doesn't do what it has to do? Harken back to the words of JFK. This is NO BRAINER #SinglePayer
dedicated people!  Thanks for sharing their good work
ACA isn't working.  Sure wish you'd work to create something better and cheaper
But you do agree there are ways to improve the ACA, right?
THis 3rd Way bullshit got us Donald Trump. Look at Netherlands now. You're trying to lead us out w same BS that got us here.
I'm not gonna pay for it!
Hey - don't shoot - I'm just the messenger. You people don't want to listen. I didn't make your numbers that low. You all did!
In addition to destroying the DP, this US HC crisis also destroying Amer Experiment AND democracy in other nations.
No, they don't. #LIAR
We've been telling you for years - but you're all sold out - empowering the FAR RIGHT all over the "free world" too! Disgraceful!
& break their fucking faces in the cement. Like neo-liberals in DP today and the healthcare crisis. #SinglePayer #EveryoneKnows
#DonotbanStudents
We got into a Civil War in this nation in great part bc of "doughfaces" like neo-liberals today who didn't take pro-slavers -
DP numbers shockingly lower than every before. How'd this happen? WE KNOW HOW. EVERYONE DOES.
Break their heads on the fucking cement in a manner of speaking. Tell THEM to go ahead & die since it's "tradeable" commodity.
.@SenWarren Let's stop hemming and hawing and cut straight to the chase-> #Medicare4All #singlepayor #universalhealthcare 
all we see and have for a long time is corporate ownership of our democracy. 5 of 9, supreme court upheld.
Thank you so much for calling it what it is. The nickname of ACA needs to go.
Let's join the modern world. But to do so, you're going to hafta kick ass w those bastards and #getthemoneyout #Medicare4ALL.
Real democrats are egalitarians - not purveyors of a 19th C based caste system! #SinglePayer #UHC NOT a radical idea.
Fix the cause.  Impeach Donald Trump for baring false witness to an innocent and great person (Obama).
. Time to take your seat again pls.  .
the ACA has made my premiums go from $300 a month to $600 a month for my family. Huge financial burdon! Please repeal!
I think you should debate @SpeakerRyan on the issue of the #ACA. Also, #medicare and #Medicare privatization. #persist #resist
THANKS FOR GOING TO LYNN
Republicans aren't real conservatives and you all aren't real democrats! #SinglePayer #UHC #NOW
We want THIS system for EVERYONE like in Canada or Aust where conservatives LOVE their #singlepayer #UHC
did you tell them you're an "Indian"?
please for the love of god run for president in 2020. Kick that trump guy to the curb.
you want to make sure a few have insurance but Trump want us all to have good insurance at a good price I can't AFFORD the ACA
don't let us die, save the ACA. Trumps plan is only for billionaires. The rest of us have will have no insurance.
thx4 your work
@HardestyBonnie Trump supporters don't realize they're losing their health insurance, Medicare and Social Security. Sad
We want THIS bill - and NOW not in 300 years, @TheDemocrats https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 …
Sick of this caste system BULLSHIT. Don't you believe that ALL women have a right to SAME quality HC? This is 21st C not 19th! 5
very cool. Can you please explain to me why other people are required to pay for their insurance through taxes and subsidies?
@HardestyBonnie please continue your work Senator Warren. Please don't let us die. Trump will let 30 million people die Shameful
: Why don't these #Obama #illegals pay for their own healthcare & stop leeching from #Americans? #Trump #TrumpTrain #MApoli #tcot
they're not eligible for health insurance. Please don't let us die
You, Elizabeth, from Emily's List which is compromised by insurers & Big Pharma. Why didn't YOU sign on to Bernie's SP bill? 4
DP is destroying itself from w/in by playing this game instead of supporting #singlepayer. Bc you're all in bed w this MONEY. 3
you're lucky. Most people that aren't  covered under the ACA have a much higher deductible. Don't let us die
Me-um no like-um white man Trump. Obamacare save lives for many moons.
when they had House, Senate & Prez, wldn't have lost all 3 w numbers now so low you're behind the RP. 2
Better yet would be improved, expanded #Medicare4ALL If Dems had gotten behind this 1/
They got behind Hillary instead...
there the only ones
Let me guess--the lone white male is the one in charge?
yea that's probably it. And it's probably ONLY because he's a white male
Thank you for you service on protecting our health insurance.
Pocahontas
you met with your puppets.
why did Congress exempt themselves from ACA? It might have worked if more healthy people like you had contributed.
Tell that 2 @SpeakerRyan he's the Mongrel who wants 2 take away the most basic human right. He forgets we pay for his health ins.
In CA central valley some clinics that provide free &sliding scale care seeing decreased visits as undocumented avoid providers.
When will I see my $2500 in savings you and President Obama promised me...???  You didn't lie about that did you...???
No LIZ they need good Healthcare that is affordable
we loved Hillary's changes. Please save the ACA don't let us die
what % of the 6% total of Americans do they care for?  I'm betting it very low.
Medicaid is NOT insurance
that kind goodness it's not insurance... But it is single payer, and it and Medicare should be expanded!
: as do I.
Lemme hear you say
Fight the power
Lemme hear you say
Fight the power
We've got to fight the powers that be!
Thank you Senator Warren!
Paul Ryan studying for the ACA replacement be like "just keep talking about how bad the AC -- no, Obamacare -- is. Yeah."
Too bad you are  exploiting them. You are just using them for a political pawn
SHUT UP POKEY
why don't dems call for Cedric Richmonds resignation - HYPOCRITES.
did u ask the patients how they afford the $5000 deductible?
most of us have a very high deductible even that were not covered under the ACA. Please don't let millions die
- No they didn't, are you sure you were not speaking in your native Cherokee tongue! 
These are exactly the people who can't start an HSA or pay up front and get a tax credit year end. I'm in the same position.
no it's not. Why do you want us to die? 30 million of us need the ACA
Mooooooore fake news.
The GOP with the ACA replacement plan is like me in 6th grade when a first draft was due and I hadn't even done an outline yet
That's because the ACA is THEIR plan and that's the best Mr. Hope N. Change could do..
Elizabeth, stay vocal please.  The US needs you and Chuck
please don't let them take the ACA away, millions of Americans rely on this for health insurance!!!
6% of Americans participate in ACA.
Fight "TweetCare" - it is not awesome, fantastic, cheaper or better
the do not need the ACA!  They need health care coverage and that can be delivered in other ways.  Stop scaring ppl
what other ways are you taliking about? Try listening to people who benefit for a change.
try listening to ppl who didn't benefit for a change!  There r better ways... don't believe scare tactics
and I'm asking you to tell me the ways. You just keep insisting there are better ways. No substance.
True free market plus targeted handouts for real hard luck cases.
LOL!!! You need to pull yours out of MSNBC, CNN and Ms. Warren's!
great! Love your plan! Solid!
You should ask him why Obamacare is so broken. And how you could vote for such a bill
Please consider meeting with Indiana social workers to understand Pence's Medicaid changes and how they cause enough ../1
..burden/churn when income or address changes (often with ppl of insecure income) that they slip up and lose coverage /2
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Warren. You're a true hero!
u r corrupt; America does not respect you.
They need ACA like they need a hole in the head! Can't afford the premiums. Still stuck on Government Dependency.
