You old goat go home
You're one of the few who speaks truth to power. Thank you.
Democrats need to stop interfering and using people are going to die crap. That card has been played so much it's wore out.
If you believe that it seems you would NOT have authorized so much money for military spending, our money, my $$$.
You are Congress.  What have YOU done?  Besides blame Wall St. for everything.
Not blame. Call them out. There is a BIG difference. She holds them to account for their actions. Something no one else does.
No. She shrieks and blames. If she runs for President, The market will crash at her mere announcement. Get rid of her!
Hate to break it to you numbnuts but they were forced to suspend trading on election night last year because Trump won. His election...
Idiot! The market was suspended because of the news reporting the sky was falling. The day after, the market took off and has not stopped.
Know your history numbnuts! Bridgewater Associates predicted that U.S. stock market could plunge over 10% if Trump were to win the...
...election and that's precisely what happened. As for the stock market hate to break it to you but the stock market gains from Jan to Oct..
...happened under OBAMA'S market. Trumps did not begin until this month. Once again another stupid TRUMPTARD trying to take credit...
Can you run for president pls, pretty pls
Why, she's superstitious?
Exactly. Repeal Obamacare.

Yes Congress does! We need the Jones Act renewed. We need CHIP renewed. And we need a clean Dream Act passed. American lives are at stake!
Are they legal Americans of The USA. ???
Sick
Warren for President
No, government needs to get their grubby hands out of healthcare.
You go lady! You have my vote in the next Presidential Election.
you haven't done your job ever
Elizabeth Warren a dingbat,a mental midget,a communist,a left wing loon, a US senator??The twilight zone is real!
My they could get health care if fat people get thin #health
Wrong....government needs to stay the hell out of healthcare.
Thank you very much
Agree
Hello !yes doctors need to step it up . fighting for 2 civil rights? How is your state DOL ?send me your views pono80@outlook.com n
Lead the way
You make me sick to my stomach. Get out of politics.
.@SenWarren Thank you, Senator. You are a hero to millions! 
Dems are non-cooperative. They are the cause for a failed healthcare system and its disrepair!
Well quit putting so much of your time making videos of yourself and bashing the admin. And get the rest of democrats to do something.
Surprised you haven't told us that kids are dying
Do not let him take ACA away from American people. Do not let him take tax cuts for rich. Use 25 th amendment now.
We MUST do TV & other media ads stating destruction #GOP doing to healthcare, including #ChildrensHealthInsuranceProgram. Need Dem action!
Seriously @SenWarren , doctors do their job?  You want to socialize them!
Instead of asking congress for more $$ why not transfer that Harvey Weinstein donation  money you have
TY yes, but can you please focus on GETTING THE CRAZY MAN OUT OF OVAL OFFICE PLEASE #Impeach45
Pot, let me introduce kettle ...
Quit writing books and going on tour on our dime and do your own damn job.
You work for MA, so WORK for MA!
Well said Mrs Warren.
And protect federal employees pensions!
Build them a teepee
It’s not your job to take money from ppl to fund your pet projects
Pet project? Wall street and oil pipelines are pet projects, health care is necessary to all of us especially the most vulnerable.
No it’s not a necessity if it was 20 million ppl wouldn’t forgo it and pay the tax penalty instead
Omgoodness those 20 million only saw a smaller return bc of EICs child credits and std deds. The penalty didn't come out of their pocket
What? Those 20 million are the ones that forewent health insurance even tho they were told they had to buy it
Yes but the money didn't come out of their pocket it was taken from their tax return; it was $ they never saw.
You all have done plenty to put us (Regular Americans) in a terrible situation.
I'm really worried about the budget vote this Thursday.... going to ruin the country if it passes
Obamacare is killing middle class families with huge deductibles and onerous premiums... VOTE HER OUT!
The government needs to get its nose out of healthcare so we can get back to having the best health in the world
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillionTaxCut & PeopleBenefitsCut 4 #CorporateTaxCut, #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Americans suffer natural disasters, domestic terrorists & derangd @POTU$ #FixItNow @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
If you sold health insurance in NY for 33 years like I have you’d know something- anything but no”bla bla bla” annoying
Absolutely
These politicians are actors. #LyingPropaganda You are just as responsible for signing that shit before you read it. #CongressIsDisasterous

Healthcare for ALL!
Should've stepped up & backed Bernie Sanders in 2016@election. If you would've done that Elizabeth - this carnival barker wouldn't be POTUS.
But what about gun control?
#25thAmendment  NOW!
Uh, aren’t you a senator? What are you doing to help our doctors and nurses do their jobs? Single payer helps no one! Ask a European
Watched a documentary last night on u; which accuses you of being a communist! It had all sorts of evidence it was called the “enemy within”
How was this allowed to expire and what can we do about it?
Don’t tell me you are finally realizing obama care is bad and will bankrupt us
You failed our state & the country by forcing #Obamacare
Stop lying
This is a no-brainer. Should b easy for our no-brain congress
Maybe you should have voted to repeal ObamaCare. Instead you stand against decent health care in our country to promote progressive views.
It's 2001-7 all over again: GOPiss-ons OPENLY display their utter indifference to anybody except I, Me, and My Corp Sponsors. Cos they CAN.
Yeah Congress should do away with all Insurance Companies as they are and break them up with anti trust laws!!! They're too Big To Fail??
They won't. They never do.
What do you say of your friend, Harvey Weinstein, the rapist? He raped women. Any comments or double standard.
I agree, do your job #repealandreplace
Congress moves at a snails pace Time to get heads out of your ass
I've never had idols, too practical.  You're quickly approaching that status.
How about you get on the same HC all Americans are on? Shut up!
Exactly get them sorry sapsuckers working for America remember who your boss is! We the People!
Free market w charity stepping in where needed.  No DMV medicine for me.  Government run means = get less, pay more.
I don't like Trump and I don't like you but Obamacare because I don't insure myself taking money out of my pocket at the end of the year FU
You want to real health care bill every state should do like Oregon omap funded by can and bottle recycling and everyone's gets it
Take all the hidden money that promotes campaign crap and PAY for the AHCA
If you all do not ban together and get this man under control then all this talk is nothing but talk.  Tired of this, it's scary!
Why is DT stating he's going to, "use the power of his pen."  What on earth can we do?!
He’s basicallyGuttingOur ins.coverage, givingStates rightsNOT 2 cover pre-existingConditions,guttingMedicare & Medicaid...gonnaKillPoor&Sick
He’s been sabotaging ACA all along STEALING funds meant for ACA SUBSIDIES! Obsessed W/Killing ACA ‘cause Obama’s name’s on it! Man is Crazy!
Yes, he is very unstable.  Let's hope our congressional committees will stop him with everything unethical.
Did you hear that Congress???...2018 elections are coming ..... get it done fir face the wrath of the American people...we have had enough
You go girl! Go get you some more of Weinsteins money!
You do realize that ALL problems start at the top. The undrained swamp, Big Pharma, Ins. Co. CEO's, No progress @POTUS, establishment politicians. Time to clear out starting at the top. Talk to the House. Impeach now.
#25thAmendment NOW!!
You're big on partisan crusading, but you couldn't write a significant piece of nonpartisan legislation if your life depended on it.
Americans need a competent congress that can "control healthcare costs"; not you people forcing us to pay for others "free" healthcare.
Maybe you should focus on the job you were elected to do.
I didn't see anyone pushing to give Americans the same coverage Congress gets and will get after repeal. Including you or did I miss that???
ThenYOU paytheir subsidies. Our dollars are being stretched too thinly paying & paying for other people's services. Stop party politics.
The wealthy need huge tax cuts so the benefits can trickle down on us!
Yeah.... heard that one 
Like you supporting Hillary, whom was in bed with Weinstein and all his money. Women's rights sure
The government needs to get out of the way so healthcare providers can do their job.
ICYMI "congress" includes "you"; & doctors, nurses & health centers do not need congress in order to do their jobs.
Stop subsidizing all the freeloaders!!
KEEP UP THE GOOD FIGHT!
#nasty
Keep up the good work
If she could just be duplicate.. triplicated......
More like step the Hell back out of the way. Congress puts it's claws into both doctors and patience too much now. Interfering pack of rats
Go get em" lady !! you are fierce in wash never give up !
That is the problem, you think they NEED You to do their job....
Ill children in USA in 2017.
It’s like you want a nanny state. The purpose of govt is not to provide for every need of each person living in America.
What do you propose or do you just throw out comments to hear yourself. You make general statements but no facts to support them.
Looks like an ad for Planned Parenthood. You should show the innocents ripped apart for their body parts. #shameonyou
Almost all hospital's in Oklahoma no longer accept insurance from companies on the exchange's! You fight for money in your pocket traitor!
As a health care administrator in EAST HARLEM In the '70s I know how much HC are needed. How do we fight this cause now?
Hey Lizzie, as long as you are there, should Democrats give back or donate to women's charities money they received from Harvey Weinstein ?
Then DO Something!  ACA failure is not the republican's fault. Not 1 voted for it. The ownership belongs to democrats that shoved it on USA
When they were trying to pass it the 1st time you did what you could to shut it down. You are a big reason it hasn’t passed. You just want votes & make Dems look good. Failed again.
Did you not read the CBO analysis?   Trump just wants a W in his ledger.  He does not give a shit if anyone gets healthcare.
How many malpractice deaths each year? More than gun deaths! Congress should do something about that
#EndMalpracticeDeaths
Yes they should this is just sad, they would not have a problem doing there JOBS if"Obama" was still in the "WH" so what's the problem
I appreciate you so much!
Congress's leaders like McConnell and Ryan have made it very clear now they believe their only "job" is  pocketing special interest cash.
NO DOUBT 
Do D have a proposed plan?
Congress, do your job by getting out of healthcare! Liawatha, you talk with fork tongue! Go smoke big crack pipe and talk crazy still more!
We are waiting! Aren't you a member of Congress. Did you see that 61% of Americans want a third party. Goodbye Elizabeth
Community heath care offers sliding fee scales and accepts your Medicare and Medicaid, providing quality care that includes substance abuse.
Many communities don't have a healthcare center.
it takes work and dedication.  Employees usually have lower salaries, but the reward are great. Republicans must renew the HRSA legislation.
Ah ah ah men, Amen
So what can we do to help this??
As a Board Member of a Community Health Center I can confirm we are on the front lines also in behavioral, substance abuse and dental care.
Pocahontas pls
Aren't you a member of Congress??  Do your job!  End obstructionism by Dems!!  Oh, say hi to Harry Weinstein. U R very quiet about ur donor.
It's democrats holding it all up.
Dems are holding up a republican plan that would eliminate health care for millions of people.
And who created this mess?
Republicans figure those that can't afford any healthcare don't deserve it. They just want it cheaper for themselves
Helps is on the way. Mid-terms had dang well better produce a congress CHOCK FULL of #FreedomCaucus and #TeaParty #MAGA peeps to get bHUSSEINo's Obummer-Care-Less REPEALED! 100% Repealed! Free Market replace.
How many illegals are getting free healthcare via MassHealth? Illegals also clog our ER's across the state, getting preferential care.
How about how we providing health care to 45's illegal wife she's not a United States citizen and you crying about the people that working
Wait ! What? Who's illegal?
Much better Liz now start working with your colleagues across the aisle and the American people will reap the benefits.
Congress needs to take the health insurance they are trying to make we the people take
You've been in office for how many years and have yet to do your job.... I'd say you have no business telling others what to do.
Liar 
THOSE COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS THAT COVER THOSE WHERE DOCTOR'S  WON'T ACCEPT MEDICAID/MEDICARE NOW STRUGGLING TO REMAIN OPEN!
I love your passion, but I fear For America
Are u in your 70’s?! Retire! I don’t want anyone that old making decisions for me!
If u got away for years not doing urs, then how dare u preach others to do theirs.
And you think your video is going to make a difference? Just PR for your next campaign.
So true, so why are you on twitter in you typical self promotion style instead of working
That's right Liz they sure do...get rid of Obamacare NOW if you want socialized medicine move to Europe & lets see how you feel then 
Sounds like it's a Massachusetts problem, run for governor.
Rite. And pay the bills.
Our children should come first! To do away with anything as to their health ,home and education is totally Corrupt ! Breaking families!!
Why does the Left insist on drawing Americans into their web? They want to control you then devour you into mindless followers. See comments
Congress needs to stay out of medicine!!! Fix the insurance. Stay out of medicine
It is not the job of government to fund health care.
What are you actually done to move towards a compromise?
It is the Left that is hurting healthcare. Since you are alt-Left, I see you as part of the problem. You are a danger to medicine.
You are nothing but talk! You helped push Obamacare through to cause this mess!
What's Cherokee for "Lying White Woman?
How about Congress stepping out of the way so doctors and nurses can do their jobs. Government IS the problem
Congress needs to step up and #ImpeachTrump
Liawatha talks with fork tongue! Smokes big crack pipe too!
Don’t you have a 400,000 dollar class to teach?
We are our brother's keeper....
They could still do the job and just not charges us horrendous amounts for their services and drugs!
That would be you Liz! Other than yapping, what are you doing avout It? My decision as a voter to rehire you may go to someone else! Geoff?
Please pass a law preventing crazy Trump  from attacking North Korea  without congressional approval! 
Lizzie, reach out and negotiate instead of bitching!! How bout YOU do your job so the DOCTORS and NURSES can do theirs!

For all these years I've been paying for women's birth control so she can go out and BOINK whomever and if That doesn't work, I pay for an a
Ohmygosh!  She said something smart!!!
Government should not be in health care. People should decide their care not the government.
Why do taxpayers pay to dev medical tech, then read to over pay for same tech as if dev was privately funded? @seanhannity @FoxNews
Run for Potus... please. This Trump thing has been nothing but a dog and  pony show! You are a wonderful leader regardless and thank you!
Who is Liawatha leading, Indians? She’s smoking crack pipe, talking with fork tongue again. She needs DNA testing to prove Indian blood.
It's already done.
Also, stop the FEAR MONGERING already! Work with our POTUS! Show us “YOUR” plan! Nothing is free, Senator!
Congress needs to investigate the DNC corruption, cheating and rigging of the primaries which resulted in selecting a lamed duck candidate.
Oh, and why were billions of $ stolen from Medicare to fund Medicaid!? Answer it! Our seniors & disabled deserve better! Gut Medicaid now!
Thank you Senator!
Congress needs to do it's JOB AND AUDIT THE FED! You voted no. Shame on U. $9 trillion given to thieves. Give it back to the AMERICAN PEOPLE
Right!
Yeah, that means YOU! Dr’s hands are bound by the Insurance Co’s, Senator! I demand my Dr decide my care!We need free market, now!
Sen Warren needs to give money back that HW gave her if she is the champion for woman she says she is.
She already did Patrick. She gave it all to charity which promotes women's health.
I hope that makes u feel better.
Congress needs to step up and do it's job PERIOD
Amen
Frankly, government involvement has made healthcare more expensive, quit playing the hero, it's only been good for the illegals
Anybody who is antiabortion should be up in arms over the lapse of healthcare for children. If they are not, I don’t want to hear them again
Oh, didn't you know that the GOP defends a fetus only until birth, then you are on your own with no GOP in sight.
Fake Indian is back
We agree with you it's time for Congress to step up and end Obama care. #worktogether
If healthcare would bring down prices,we wouldn't need government involvement, all adds on TV is health issues, I miss diary Queen
Pmii
The Obama Admin allowed 22 oathtakers a day to commit a desperate act of self murder to relieve the anguish of their condition. Work w/Admin
Lmao ! For real @SenWarren is stating that congress needs to do their job yet she has been part of the problem since day 1
@SenWarren has been too concerned about illegals & hasn't been concerned with actual citizens needs until now ! SMH #CongressDoYourJob
Congress need to impeach POTUS.  Why have you forgotten?
15 Democrats need to be held accountable for distractions from CHiP, women's health care, OBAMACARE patient protections. 
1. DO YOUR JOB!
