, @CFPB won't look at my incontrovertible evidence of Residential Credit Solutions' loan mod fraud, which hurt 1000s of borrowers.
My reply from them is frightening similar! & told cannot remove my WF foreclosure from credit rpt because I WAS NEVER LATE ON A PMT? Umm
Saved house with a Chap 11. That servicer presented fraud appraisal in court; was liquidated during my bk! Another fabricated deed of trust!
I appreciate your persistence and diligence in all you commit to do. This girl in California is with you . how can we help?
WISH OCWEN WOULD PAY $ TAKEN FROM ME INCLUDING LOSING HOME DUE 2 UNETHICAL ILLEGAL PRACTICES PLZ HELP ADV ME LITTLE GUY
WITH NO $ 4 ATTY DISABLED KNEW THIS TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ME EMOTIONALLY WILL NEVER GET OVER WAS FAMILY HOME HOW DO I FIGHT PLZ
yet #Trump would lie to us all and label it a part of the "Administrative State" he is trying so hard to demonize!
@ValleyPatriot @GOP Q: Why do you personally bank at the worst, BofA? Or invest in IBM that fires Americans for #H1B's?
as opposed to the litany of insider trading, lobby takes, personal investments of GOP?
(cc @annlwagner) - Wrong!  @cfpb is wasteful liberal central planner mentality. Unaccountable http://bit.ly/2neN78e 
Why aren't you making WF pay for their ILLEGAL and CORRUPT foreclosure actions?! YOU DONT STEAL! #WeDeserveJustice #TwoWrongs=MakeItWright!
you should return money to those you cheated! And stop talking bad about our President something you will never be!
please keep it up!  #resist #persist
@WeaselWeitzel @CFPB All the more reason for their cronies in the WH to remove it.
what watchdog will make YOU pay back $$ you STOLE by LYING about Cherokee blood?
Maybe Trump really enjoyed The Big Short and wants to see it play out again to the misery of the American people.
son gets charged $13.50 each month for savings I get charged $3...how is that a savings plan?
the CFPB is a waste of money! It should be shut down! Government gone wild!
Yeah why protect people from big banks ripping them off. Did you get a check for this post Randy?
You got paid $350k to teach a class and faked being a minority to get bennies and you talk about cheating?
ok Ms. Warren show the asshole your papers... Guess we heading that way now.
Can I get her tax returns and college transcripts while we're at it?  And that's "dick" to you snowflake.
when trumpy releases his ... sure. All being fair. She's not a billionaire, jackass
Well looks like SS gets 1st, Secret Service asked for $60 million extra for Trump-era travel and protection, documents show
what a joke!  Forced shareholders to pay. You must be kidding.
if only all corporations were honest enough to help their customers.
wow you really are full of propaganda
Did I miss something? Can someone point me to a link where the $12B was returned?
Nope... It's more liberal government control sucking the life out of taxpayer's wallets.
who will force u to pay backt the scholarship u STOLE, lying about Cherokee heritage?
okay Liz when are you returning the money you have stolen from the people with all your lies and attacks on the USA. #MAGA
@TuckerCarlson  More Out Of Control Hysterical Garbage Tweeted By Lizzy and So Pandering and Typical of Her. So Sad To Read
stop using twitter to write books we get sick of seeing your tweets one after the other
Did you return any $ to the elderly you cheated back in Oklahoma? What about students you raped w/ 350,000 pay for 1 class?
Where is all the cash Hillary and her foundation ripped off the People w her corrupt Pay to Play deals?
what about the $ the government cheats out of the American tax payer? When do we get OUR money back?
How my h you worth Pocahontas?
I've lost track. Is this one of the agencies 45 and his cronies are planning to dismantle?
your 2007 program Senator needs a new director, it's been a while
Please return the penalty I paid for Shitbamacare levied on my tax return due to the idiots that won't work.
thanks for defending this. We cant afford to loose thousands of dollars to banks greed
Don't let them widen the swamp.
Pocahontas, don't u have some tribal land u can go retire to, like somewhere in Venezuela
CFPB one of the best thing that has been legislated.  Criminal that GOP attacking this.
We'll never vote for you again if you don't block the Gorsuch hearings. Or the rest of the Dems who are supposed to represent us.
@ValleyPatriot @GOP Q: Why did you take over $40K in campaign donations from the top 5 Wall Street banks? #EatCake
- Middle of country will have no healthcare & no way of fighting deceptive collections - but still adamantly pro Trump.
Go figure. Blind allegiance.
when they finagle 50B and are forced to pay back 12B, that watch dog resembles more a tame pup.
stop the systematic erosion of individual rights under the constitution. The GOP's agenda is immoral and illegal
my Senator Sasse is working hard to destroy CFPB. I am working hard so he will be gone in 2020!
@MassAGO @ValleyPatriot Chump change compared to the devastation by Foreclosure Fraud. AG's settled for pennies with banks.
if you want to find
 the most crooked people look at the banks
we know. Let's block Gorsuch first
the first step would be to get rid of Elizabeth Warren, Chuck Schumer, and Nancy Pelosi
Thank you. Keep up the good fight!
: That's the trump/Republican strategy. Throw a bunch of stuff out there & some repressive stuff will sneak thru
I'd like you to make a video of you doing a raindance.
Ok, Senator, I updated my 'To Do' List:
 
