That doesn't look very much like #AmericaFirst
what does it look like?
An over privileged College student being used as a political prop. What refugee can afford that watch?
Wow. You're really living up to your handle there "Stop Bullying"...
Now if you would, respond to the message. Most America's can't get that watch, how does refugee?
What make you think that refugees have to be poor? Do you think that Syrian neurosurgeons >
If they were really wealthy they would have been able to stay in Syria's gated communities.
And you think drones/bombs are programmed not to bomb gated communities? 
"@SenWarren is this all Massachusetts has to send to the senate, glad I don't live in that pathetic state.
Why is it that Trump voters have a decency bypass?
Yes, it was shocking to have an intelligent, measured, POTUS whose rhetoric soared. So shameful.
I agree with you I didn't like Obama either
What's new? I don't GAF. That anyone could think Trump is better though, is laughable.
you lost actual progressives when you supported Hillary; enjoy the 'democrats' you have left
HRC supporter was the first mistake! Messing with the @POTUS was her last one! Won't be much left of her!
attacking Trump is the new black for faux liberals; I have issues with him but the disinfo is crazy
So you've come over from the dark side. Charlie, I'm your father! Follow the force!
if Trump does what he said I will eat my words but I'm concerned by Mnuchin & Dyncorp
Best in the business! Everything that I've read/researched! Trump cares about regular people! Big ego and he wants to be the best
over 50 citations for human trafficking, the butcher of the Congo amongst others at his breakfast, ill withhold judgement
Ok Charlie. Give him a 100 days! Let's see where we are when Martha MacCallum's  show ends.
You need to spend more time worrying about US citizens @SenWarren. Your 15 minutes of fame is almost up. Next election your done.
you can't possibly be this ignorant on her work? Then again, I'm sure you can.
I'm
c
https://www.gofundme.com/provide-careers-for-special-needs …
Pocahontas, stop the non sense already. The American public is tired of you!!!
seen guy go around asking protesters this ? Boy did the excuses start coming out y they couldn't. Get jobs. Fill ur time
y don't some of u big talkers take in some of these great people be foster families for them? See where that gets u
go home Pocahontas and take your token immigrant with you.
no one cares.
yeah...we do
do you agree with the rape part shes talking about?
Supporting shariah law again?
Welcome her & her family into YOUR home.
can the 300 new refugees under investigation for terrorist activities stay at your mansion,I hear they're not fussy who they rape
Warren unqualified and unfit
Elizabeth warren s crazier than a loon. This screaming derelict should b let out only after dark#scares childre
sen warren, credibility is about being yourself and not using others . #travelban
cry me a river
where have you been for the last 8 years lady!!
How about Kate Steinle killed by an illegal alien protected n a sanctuary city San Francisco! Y aren't U talking bout her
It doesn't mesh with her #virtuesignaling.
Liz ur using people again, anyone can be a terrorist
DO I HATE YOUR FACE MADAM AND YOUR VOICE IS WORSE
all agree!! So did she become legal?
Who paid for her education? Did you offer free college for an interview? No more, Americans first
using a minority as a prop. How hypocritical can you get?
how about using a dead man (who you killed)'s grieving widow? That ok w/u?
double standard, gotta honor the military.
just plain double standard. And a newly grieving emotionally wrenching woman, that was obscene.
Why are people from FL making disparaging remarks about how MA constituents feel? We respect & support her! MYOB!
no we don't. I live in MA and find dizzy lizzy to be nothing. She's an embarrassment to women
I don't see anyone agreeing with your constructive criticism.
so?  She's awful and im not alone thinking that
Rest of the country laughs
Where is our compassion, love, empathy, sense of justice, or our humanity? We have a moral obligation to help them.
Stop using this student as your prop @SenWarren
See she is going 2 school & has a future. that is what all the people not happy w the country should do. retool
Is she here legally?
Guess what you are a FAKE......The woman that your party ridiculed lost a husband in military action. shame one you
WOW! did you have Oscar winning make-up artist do this chick's look beforehand? All other fake refugees fully made up!
assuming she is here legally, it's nice your supporting a student.  How does she afford your $400k 1 class salary?
Has Elizabeth Warren & Democrats lost their minds? Does anyone believe this BS? Russian Bad, Muslim Good? Who did 911?
You are shameful using this poor girl as your prop. SMH!!! Pathetic!!!
As usual, you and your people so great in using kids,  or whatever else to make you look good. Honest people don't need
I bet she is  a refugee
Awesome! This country is all about immigration. Thanks for posting
But of course a Democrat would invite anyone but an American.  You really are sick and represent the worse in America
The girl looks like a buck teethe Rabat and the Fake Indian got to go too!
can't wait to unelected her and put someone in who represents MA.
No veteran.
thats nice, maybe one day u'll have a VET or an American on too!! America 1st
You are awesome!
Why are you 2 sitting so Close for?
I also liked the fact that AT the Address to Congress, you were STILL talking.
Dang she has to lean to the side because you are practically on her lap
both of you KNOW, trump wants refugees. Just properly VETTED. It's just you're listeners that think it's a total ban
btw...OBAMA is the one that disallowed Iraqi travel to America...lol.
keep it up & Democrats will continue to lose!

Do some actual fucking work! 
Enough photo ops & rabble-rousing
of course we will not see a child of United States soldier sitting on the couch

ahh NO!  Legal status only!
Don't you think all the kids in the United States should be allowed to get a education before her?  Who is paying?
why do you hate America and it's citizens?
.@SenWarren  Did you ask for her thoughts about when Obama put a ban on Iraqi refugees?  @UMassD
Even Warren isn't *that* stupid.

Probably close, though...
my husband is a disable american veteran who fought for her to be sitting next to you..and hes the forgotten one by you.
what does this have to with illegal immigrants... oh nothing... lmao
Please tell Tiba Faraq she is welcomed and valued here in America
IGNORE FAR LEFT AND SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS ANS WARREN AND BUASED MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT MORONS
BLOCK REFUGEES FROM 7 TERRORIST SUPPORTS GO TRUMP ADMINISTRATION SO FAR SO GREAT IGNORE FAR LEFT AND MUSLIMS AND
thank you for introducing this fine young woman to all.
GO AWAY LOSER LIZ TOUR TIME HAS PAST
Dhe is a "Dreamer" that Trump said will not be affected! Warren is a moron! 
sessions lied to congress and trump needs to be gone he is a threat to the US
thanks Pocahontas
a real one, or real in the way that you are a "real" indian?
Elizabeth Warren I think your great.  Keep up the good work
Too bad you got in trouble for Sessions. McConnell has a wife working for Trump. You were just in their way. Good work
@TheDemocrats & Republicans know Immigration Reform is long overdue, but will continue to stall taking any action.
did u draw the short straw & were forced to sit w Ed "Look Ma I'm a Senator" Market?
why are you so obsessed with the president??
I am working tirelessly to make sure that you do not get reelected!
hey Pocahontas loved your un-American behavior at the Jointsession of congress just ensured you will never be reelected oh joy!
Wulla bee gee
hypocrite on vouchers!!!!!
You're pathetic, an embarrassment to this nation and your party after the show you put on yesterday when Pres Trump spoke
..and Democrats have the audacity to accusse DJT for "using" navy seal widow as a prop for #StateOfTheUnionAddress
you are a joke. You are only for show...everything you do is a stunt. Real people laugh at you and think your crazy.
You go Girl!! I am alum of UMass Boston, best school anywhere, live in Mattapoisett! happy you are here with us!
is Tiba here legally or illegally?THAT IS THE FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION!!!!
talk about exploitation.  2018 election you will be voted out.  You've been a deadbeat for MA way to long.
ok thanks Liz.  #DumpWarren
You should of had a family member of a vet who had to wait to long for treatment in a VA hospital and died.
saw u at the ADDRESS u and the other DEMS looked like a STUNNED MULLETS, u all lost POCHAHONTAS get over it.
Still at it Pocahontas?  The Vets already called you out. They will burn you and any chance for reelection. .
I find your behavior last night unacceptable, you should be ashamed!!!
is she s citizen now?
please move to Iraq.  They could use you
don't forget to give her coupons for free health care,free college,free housing,free Obama phone and Dem Voters reg card.
why maybe next time you could have a US military official next to you rather than a "death to America" chanter
Using her like a native American gene are we?  For shame Pokey!
SHE LOOKS SOO THRILLED SITTING NEXT TO YOU ! DID YOU PASS SOME GAS IN THE TEE PEE WITH HER ? YOU'RE DISCUSTING !
Pocahontas ! You're America's ENEMY!
You looked like a complete fool last night !
Liberal Freak Show !
And when they can vote they will vote to change our laws to Sharia Law ! POCAHONTAS =LIL RED FART N CHIEF!
LOSER LIBBY !
wish her the best I hope she ASSIMILATES to the American way of life.
If she's here legally & not a violent felon,  no issue.  If she's a violent felon & here illegally, there's a problem.
What a user and phony.....not even considered for the Democratic response.  @HillaryClinton is back in charge!
is this about how virtuous u feel u are? Patronizing 2 the poor girl, who appears terrified by this forceful "support"
you live in a bubble.  Time to reevaluate who you respect and value as an American.
how about bring a white proud American  male? Married with children who love his wife and has been working for 20+ years
You took an oath to protect Americans. You work for us! How dare you up hold breaking the law.
The look on your face and Nancy Pelosi during President Trump speech was absolutely priceless!
r Ms. Warren no one cares what you think! D.J. Trump is our Commander & Chief so stop the ur dog & pony show & get 2 work
personal space much?
Thank you Sen Warren. There's one. I'm sure there are many. Can you guarantee that w current vetting ALL will be as good?
Did you teach her how to disrespect a fallen soldiers widow, you low life
Lol now who is exploiting?
you have the balls to sit on your ass and not pay respects to a fallen hero widow, Election Day will come again.
Elizabeth, I am  a constituent.  THE DEMS MUST MUST MUST STOP THE "CIVILITY" AND WHITE OUTFITS. #RESIST
1 out of how many refugees in the USA ?
Buy American

@SenWarren @UMassD
is a phony #Progressive with great rhetoric but often supporting those that cancel out this! @UMassD http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-makes-me-scream.html …
If @SenWarren cared about refugees she wouldn't support wars based on lies other politicians that do so counteract empty rhetoric @UMassD
Did they play a joke and put Superglue on your seat so you could not stand up for Americans?
Term Limits.
You should introduce her: why is she the guest ?
Why aren't you discussing DAPL too????  Seriously, millions of lives depend on that water source.
as if you'll remember that poor kid's name in two days.
Pocahontas, did you tell her you are just using her for a photo op and really don't care about her situation. #totalhack
dems booing Americans last night!!!
Question, why are the Dems so quiet thru all that's going on? Only a few are making noise against T-bag. Where r u all?
you looked like you woke up and didn't know where you were or what your name was last night or maybe you were on drugs
She care more for illegal immigrants then she care for us the American people! SHE NEEDS TO GO!!
I can;t speak for the rest of Ma constituents! I can only speak for myself! Sen Warren should be voted out
we all support people who follow process to enter country legally!!! Understand Chicken Little? Legally!!!
I'm one constituent who is disappointed in my representative! That mean you Elizabeth! I'm one vote you will not get!
so, even if you exploit her for political gain, what do you gain?
Ok. She is not an illegal alien if she's in college, right?  
She is accounted for and documented,  yes? 
So, the point?
you had remain seated last night and did not honor the widow on the fallen navy seal 
Why is she talking to her like she is a child?
Taking corporate money for campaigns then voting pro-business, not public interest = corruption, not politics. See Bernie
geez give her some space. Looks like you're almost sitting on her lap. #Awkward
U R not a democrat my dear U R a socialist.
I was so proud of our President.
Thank you President Trump for saving us from these extreme left nut cases.
Did u forget we r our own Country and not the world.Dems proved they r against USA LN. #DisgustingDisgraceful #StaySeated
your not seeing the BIG Pic, she is welcomed here, but those who want to kill us arent!
I can stand this women. Hate in her face
I can't lizzy warren
clear evidence that Warren is ANTI-AMERICAN,take your guest and shove her
Please come to speak in Toronto; we would love to have you! #compassion
According to Warren
 then, you can come here to live among us or murder us, but we accept you for who you are. Witch!!
