Not much of a crowd. Nothing but smoke and mirrors.
Thank you http://senator.Now  if only we could get Mr. High Rolling Golfer Cable TV watcher 2 educate himself more that would be great
Trump knows he is Commander and chief of our ARMED FORCES.
How do I report a bot?
Take a selfie.
That is actually funny bot
Its a power color!

Great job wasting tax dollars on your "build my resume" tour. How is this representing MA?
@HouseDemocrats you must have put them all to sleep.
What is it that you're trying to start, WW3? We don't have the men or the $.   The Cold War and Prez. Bush bled us dry. What about America?
I think it's time for Europe to start defending itself. Using their own troops and their own money.
Get NATO out of Europe
Where should it go?
Home
So Europe then.
I can just imagine their texts to each other while you were speaking. Hilarious!
Wasting the tax payers money traveling to where you are not wanted, 46% of Massachusette say it's time for you to go
You have to go to Germany to learn about our military???
As a senator in the US Senate, It's a disgrace that you are not aware of OUR efforts to support NATO and Europe. Where have been Lizzy?????
Plenty of photo ops for a socialist.  Means nothing to true Americans.  We know who you are. Anti-American.
You have been around along time and you haven't learned anything.  You are anti-America.  Venezuela needs you.
Tell it to students whose debt your Party promised to easy up: This money now go to "US Army's efforts to support NATO & Europe".   SHAME!
And how to turn your back on Guam and side with Dictators
And you STILL don't get It! Anything for a free trip to add no value!!
#WhackyWarren
Well done! We need more involvement by people in the U.S. that are calling the shots.
Did  you learn who is commander and chief of our armed forces? In case you forgot . It is President Trump.
No Trump-bashing? Shocker!!
I think one thing that would really help strengthen America's commitment to help EU and NATO is removing the Nazis in the White House.
BLIPITY BLOPITY BLUE GOOD 4 YOU!!
Who paid for your vacation to Europe?
Silence the crazy man. Step up and use your power, lead the resistance. You congress people have the power to stop him. Use it.
Oh so NOW you are learning.  No wonder Kim Jong Un, Russia and Iran had the upper hand all Obama years.
no doubt
Oh goody..
Just more busy work! Keep goofy busy so she doesn't have time to be an obstructionist!
WTF is happening to you?!
About time you learned something about our brave men and women in uniform... will you now stop voting to cut military funding?
Aren't you special
Unsupport the European invasion by the Middle East rapists
I wish she had of stayed in Germany.
A more sensible wish would be for basic command of the English language. Aren't you afraid you'll be deported?
SENATOR WARREN I WATCHED YOU IN ACTION ;YOUR A NATURAL BORN LEADER! ONE DAY I HOPE YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
Have you lost your mind.
How special! Why don't you drop into NKorea & have a chat with Kim! Bring him BHO's regards!
You are good.
So you're in Germany and we are with with this CRAZY potus waiting to be nuked by North Korea? Please send for me...please
Get back to the US and get back to work.  Stop wasting taxpayer dollars on frivolous travel.  Get home Lizzie!
Do you want to be careful listening to this woman. She's a troublemaker
Must have been long,long...meeting.
You mean you had a pow wow. Did you do a rain dance too? #Pocahontas
do they know you are an incompitant boob?
What took you so long?
Just now your learning this stuff? #Hack
I'm going to tell you exactly what I told Hillary many times.
TOU WILL NEVER BE PRESIDENT!
Just get it out of your head .
The US Army's efforts to protect corporate interests in Europe? The US can't even support its own people, and doesn't care to.
Like you give a shit pocahontas
Stick to your own damn state..no wonder our allies get mixed messages.  Stick to your state and job!!!
What could you possibly say to military experts that would inform them of something new? I'm astonished.
Stop worrying about EU and do the people's work...  American people that is!
It's refreshing to see a senator say they learned something. Thank you!
Lol lol u are kidding right
Did you try any german maize, or fire water?
No but she held a top secret briefing on the use of smoke signals to evade Russian computer hacks on DOD communications.
Looks like a room full of people who would rather be somewhere else
A ray of sunshine where our so called Commander in chief could not commit to NATO 
@MalcolmNance @JoyAnnReid
NATO is a scam
I'm sure they were thrilled to hear from you! Lol what a joke
Thank you for visiting all our troops. So appreciate having a caring Senator representing America.
On your dime accomplishing nothing
Did you speak Cherokee
Cool! Did you tell them about your warrior ancestors.. oh wait.
That's just lazy of u. Have you seen the @Ancestry.com commercial? U do know u can look like 1 race but ur ancestry is far reaching, right?
She lied.  That has nothing to do with appearance and EVERYTHING to do with character.
Why
What's so bad about the military helping Europe and NATO
