The @CFPB's new rule stops forced arbitration clauses. Surprise, surprise: bank lobbyists hate it. They want Congress to reverse it ASAP.
The last thing Congress should do is hurt people’s rights to hold big banks accountable. Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed.
And how much did the trial bar lobby pay you for that comment....I mean contribute to your campaign!
Pocahontas...go do something useful like profess at a loonie university.  You and Al Frankenstein are unworthy to be called Senators
That is a disgusting comment.
Negative.  Puff puff pass.  President Donald J TRUMP #maga
#mrga
#brain-a-liberal
#brainless-response
So essentially, @WellsFargo and @Equifax knew they were going to screw customers and wanted to protect themselves?
If it breaks the law is there nothing that can be done to stop her?
Her who?
States need to dissolve Equifax's corporate charter with established state laws created for this situation.
Equifax Deserves the Corporate Death Penalty https://www.wired.com/story/equifax-deserves-the-corporate-death-penalty …
Dems do it too! Crooked big business, RINOS and Democrats need to pay!
& this gets worse with all the "deregulation" & or reversals of protections put in place 2 protect consumers sfter the recession.
And you failed to support Bernie. You're not trustworthy.
Several states may have banned them by now / anyone have the list?
@RichardMoorhead @Equifax @WellsFargo It's only "hidden" if you choose not to read it.  It. Was. There.
The breach is bigger than the courts can handle. Equifax doesn't make enough money to pay reasonable damages. We need Congress to step in.
The senate also voted 50-50 (with Pence breaking the tie) to allow credit card companies to force cardholders to sign away their rights to sue them, even through class action lawsuits.  The Consumer Protection bureau had stopped them from doing this previously.
and you let them get away with it
How did she do that?  50 Republicans votes in the Senate did it with Pence breaking the tie.  All democrats voted against it.
@nickalarce said today word for word
Shameful from a group that is totally shameless.
FREEZE your Equifax credit for life. Throw away the pin. Force creditors to use the other 2 agencies. We don't need 3. #FreezeEquifax4Life
Wells Fargo should be dismantled. How this criminal enterprise is allowed to continue to do business is in itself criminal.  #noteeth
Those of us with a little stock would be hurt most...
Yup.... consequently I refinanced, closed my business accounts & my personal accounts. That’s the ONLY thing that’ll get their attention.
Corporate America is out of control!!!!
Great nations have fallen when there are 2 sets of rules, 1 for the wealthy privileged & another for the rest. One rule for all or fall?!
So what are you doing about it? Talk, talk, talk.
Lip service is all we get from the Left AND Right. DO SOMETHING!
The Left DID do something about it.  The Right just voted to undo what they had done with only republican votes.

Talkin the talk @SenWarren but r u walkin the walk. Recommend prosecution!!!!
No one cares, puke
That's alright. I will accept a BIG ASS CHECK made payable to me.
This practice needs to be stopped.
Wells Fargo former CEO should be incarcerated
Arbitration agreements as contract sections are typical in my world. What's extraordinary here?
When the American public can't get redress or justice, they will turn to using guns.
You failed then

Oh, this is a pretty common practice. Legal and disclosed. U should be warning people to read. You are just trying to insight class warfare.
"Fine print", (hidden) "forced arbitration", both could be outlawed If our government cared more about people and less about corporations.
All that needs to happen is for one CEO to be jailed I'll bet these corporations would start changing
At least they were not dishonest about their ethnicity.
That was 10 years ago! Are you that inept at your job?
All you do is talk.
You will never go after a CEO dangling from a golden parachute.
This: http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration#bottom-story-socials … What are U doing abt this?
please start calling out those who should go to jail. Be brave - go all the way
Those clauses should be unenforceable and void as a matter of public policy.  Contracts of adhesion.
As does virtually every other internet-based company. Time to revisit that, methinks - once we have a real president again.
This is ridiculous! Sick of all these big businesses getting away with this crap.
This is exactly what all doctors offices are having patients sign on a computerized pad at check in window.  As well as insurance carriers.
And the real collusion w Russia is Obama Admin & Clinton! Dem corruption! Proof is out! Can't trust a Dem!
That america..what a place. #ashamed.
Please keep protecting consumers from these vultures.
Make forced arbitration illegal!
Sadly lots of companies engage in poor practice. Look at #DNVGL: staff #bullying & #harassment kept #silent thru #gaggingclauses.
Got email from EQUIFAX free credit score. After 7 days they charge your credit card. Really EQUIFAX? Glad @SenWarren is on this. Go get em.
That particular clause should be illegal. IMHO.
Between forced arbitration n non disclosure agreements corporations n the wealthy dim the lamp of liberty and tilt the scales of justice.
Warren for prez 2021. #SheIsTheBest
Course they did
What sucks is *I* now have to pay for ID protection for many years because *they* got hacked. That's WRONG. THEY should pay for that.
I agree 
@SenWarren when are you going to recommend jail time for these criminals? I know there's no will in this Congress but after #2018 who knows?
I really would like to see arbitration clauses be declared unconstitutional. It's one of my peevs, and they're everywhere.
Hmmm. It's almost like they new.
I don't remember signing a contract with ANY credit reporting agency to monitor me? Pray tell did some federal agency do so on my behalf?
So good to know about. Always heard forewarned is forearmed. No way this could happen again, right?.
Yes, they are both scum.
There must be a way to invalidate these Do Not Disparage agreements when it is the truth, or covers a crime.
That's financial business in America. Two classy companies there. Hope their Execs rot in hell. The @GOP will prob give them awards.
Now, more than ever, we need those in congress to be for the people - not for profit
Jerks!! Give em hell Sen Warren!
You go get em chief
Senator Warren, that's why we need you to protect us! There are so many ridiculous and arcane laws that harm the people of this country
We need to change our laws to protect citizens not corporations. What can we do about that now?
They have 30k dollars against me after I modified my loan and Well Fargo never told me. So now I'm screwed if I do anything but pay them.
Fine print needs to be outlawed.
Pochahontus...lying dem...
Good to regulate credit bureaus.  What about 145M voter regs about to tampered with 2018?  U in front of this?
Pay day for all?
It's amazing these white collar criminals have a legal loophole that prevents them from being prosecuted and sent to prison.
Oh yea!  I didn’t sign up.  Refuse to waive my rights in court.
With all due respect...do something about it.  Introduce legislation!!
I STILL want to know who authorized them access to my data. I didn't.
Elizabeth give it up u are not a native American
Why aren’t they in jail?
Who watches the watchmen
Congress has been enabling predatory capitalism. Criminal accountability is required. End the War on the working class.
There will be no war on the working class until congress stops working for the enemy. Super PACS and mega donors need to be outlawed.
Similar to your free healthcare
Not me! Ready for that class action!
I have already been part of 2 against WF, they are EVIL and incompetent. 

Not going to give up till you get them millions

Oh. Like the bills you help pass that ruin america?
Remember the fine print you used on foreclosed homes and flipped?
Give it a rest. Whole country will be corrupt until we get rid of professional politicians and lobbyists.
https://twitter.com/naciodigital/status/920358889580908545 … #PrayForCatalonia
VÍDEO «Els Segadors» ressona a la plaça Major de Vic per reclamar la llibertat dels presos polítics http://www.naciodigital.cat/noticia/140673/videos/catalunya/illumina/reclamar/llibertat/cuixart/sanchez … 
I feel I'm living a NIGHTMARE!
I'm livid! We must take a stand and  prevent this from happening again.
why did you lie about being a indian?
And I’m sure if we dig deep we will find that you allowed this to happen.
Truth in Lending Laws we’re violated, but people evicted and now homeless because of crooked practices and no support. FED should pay their legal fees to victims!
Govt should file class actiin suits
Keep fighting the good fight hopefully it pays off
Shut up about Wells Fargo everybody got paid but you.
No kidding. Corporate America has been doing it for decades w/your blessings. Congress never stepped in to stop it. You just getting it now
Russian troll accounts thick as thieves here.  Sad.
Wells Fargo is a nightmare if you look at the past 15 years
Was this forced?
4 soldiers walked into a ambush in Niger we want a Benghazi style hearing with trump on the stand 13+ hours  families deserve answers
Hes too busy golfing
Amazing that the CEO & execs have no financial penalties for their ill-gotten gains & betrayal of more than half the population.
It’s amazing we let women speak....go make me a chicken pot pie
Should have left the banks to rot and die instead of bailing them out
Yet their word is bond on our livelihoods? I can't get a $10 loan without a good score...
Which is why you always read the fine print.  Can't fault them for protecting their rears in this litigious society we have created.
Understanding it si something different.  Few of us specialize in business law & the contract writers like it like that.
@WellsFargo they're definitely ripping people out their money. My son paid on my debt they blocked payments but took his money out?
Of his account? And still haven't solved the situation.? He went to his branch in Orlando Florida they gave him a hard time about his
What you should be doing is working to fix our horrible credit monitoring system.
On your watch!
Well do something about it Lizzy
We would rather just slaughter them in the streets now
Thanks for caring about this Ms. Warren
Kindly don't shut down my employer @WellsFargo.  Do you really want me to have to go back on the unemployment rolls at age 56?
Holding people accountable ≠ shutting them down...
Which is why some of us didn't sign up for it. We should bury these people once and for all.
I am not even a customer of Equifax. I'm a product and a victim. 
How were you harmed?
I would like to know if Equifax plans to send out information to those who were breached?
It's millions but that's on them.If I needed a correction made I almost have to send blood test.They should send forms.
I am pretty Republican but arbitration should be between big companies, not companies and their smaller customers.
Please keep up the good fight protecting consumers.  Shame that trump wants to tear it all down and leave consumers in jeopardy .  Thank you


Hidden? Liar. You need off:
Committee on Banking, Housing, Urban Affairs
Health, Education, Labor & Pensions
Special Committee on Aging
Russian troll account, no doubt.
. Sen Warren knows fully there are arbitration clauses, nothing hidden. Has been problem for decades. No one does anything to end them.
Us regular common nobodies often didn’t. Even if we read everything, that stuff is writtne by lawyers. No one gets a CC & consults an atty.
At least with Wells we can go somewhere else but no choice with Equifax. Stop using Social security #
Way too late to do anything about that, Congress should've made it illegal to use them outside of federal agencies in the first place.
Lol - hidden in fine print?  It's called reading & understanding a contract before signing it.  Basic biz 101
Most people don’t take that to get a credit card, nor get legal consultation. It’s deep in the paperwork, & heavy on legalease, for a reason
Yeah, the reason is it's a legal contract.  Common sense
Placed deep within & using legal language rather than AP Stylebook English. Common sense for the company, not for the commoners.
1/2 - Yeah again, it's a legal contract, not a Clifford the big red dog book.
That’s in virtually every agreement one signs today. It’s hardly just these two companies that benefit — time to change the laws!
Yes #Liz - That is what happens when you DON'T READ IT!!!!  #ObamacareFailure
Yet some of us have never entered into an agreement with either of these firms and were still impacted by their bad business practices.
Stop lying
Shut them down they r scammers
yet the laws continue to be in favor of large corporations. Until we can do more than fine them, they’ll continue to take advantage of us
Do forced arbitration clauses apply in gross negligence suits?
Never understood why forced arbitration clauses are legal. I mean, how can it be legal to force someone to sign away their legal rights?
So sick of corps paying millions in fines without claiming culpability...
"It's a rigged system, folks..."
The laws need to change, but the infant in the white house appears to be colic. So nothing will get done............
No more forced arbitration- no more hiding abusers. Let survivors get justice. Change the laws now
hi
Glad to see this was stopped - but what other back room deals are still going on? #Equifax
But it wasn’t stopped, it has only been *suspended*
u are right. sure enough there's dirty work afoot
what are you doing about Puerto Rico?
The CFPB is worthless. Abolish it.
It's works for you the consumer.
So does @verizon, @comcast & pretty much every service contract right now. Zero accountability by corporations.
NO MATTER WHAT I MAIL IN BUSINESS ATTEMPT IT IS THROWN AWAY  I WANT THIS TO STOP NOW BEFORE THEY TAKE LEGAL ACTION AND I OWN THE POST OFFICE
Easy enough, Don't use Equifax. Go take all your money out of Wells Fargo. Even better, go buy a Safe and keep your Money at Home.
If only there was a federal Protection Agency that was for Comsumers.. 
Lol. Student for Trump ,yea teens taught his way omg. Look it up. I'm like omg! Can u ban that in Mass. Come on. U can do it. It's strange
What can be done about them?
I AM UNABLE TO MAIL OUT PROMOTIONS    MY RECORDS FOR CHARITY FORTUNE WERE THROWN AWAY   MY CHRISTMAS MAILING TO FOOD CORPS WERE THROWN OUT
How is this legal
white collar corporate crime
They should be out of business and executed sentences, but we live in a world with de facto #Eliteimmunity
what may we do to attack them.?
They are villains and need to be held accountable. This is what we count on you for. Stand up for our rights and we will stand with you.
That was beautifull takedown of Equifax chief during the hearing. You were fantastic!
your point?
The point is that it's PRO CONSUMER.
