I went ahead and faxed McConnell the King statement since he didn't get a chance to hear it. He should get hundreds
The hilarious part is that we, the taxpayers, are paying for the ink and paper you are wasting. Burning money!
Excellent point.  You are right.  McConnell's behavior in no way justifies wasteful faxing. 
Still not going to change Sessions' confirmation. Devos was far less qualified, and even she got approved.
Unfortunately for Warren's followers, Sessions will be unswayed by public pressure.
You empower me. I'm now someone.
The usual  incoherent  rants of the right. Mature and evidence based...just like their leaders.  @SenWarren
don't feed the trolls, its not worth your time
You're probably right  but they are so worth refuting. So very stupid
agreed- wonder why they feel the need to troll? scared? afraid they got conned?
Really hard 2 admit you've been conned. Or maybe they are true believers  who can't admit that @sakotheAmerican @SenWarren
And how did making them work all night work out for You?? LMAO.!
I've been faxing McConnell all morning on your behalf!  He has roughly 500 pages of that CSK letter at this point!
do people still fax?  It's probably been out of toner since 1995
people still fax like crazy when email inboxes are full. It's been in the news lately!
I will have to take your word for it, but I don't see it.
thank you for standing up for America.
she stands for no one but her own bank account!  Senile old witch needs removed from her position!
nobody cares. Waste if time. Protect Americans not our enemies.
oh you mean while you all whaled like babies when yiu really needed a bottle stuck in your mouth. You are of no value
you mean while you wasted time ? #wasteoftime
thank you for taking a stand to oppose these nominations that are contrary to the values of our country.
That would be all of them I hope.
- thanks to Dem Senators for your double-night efforts!
I hope they washed all the mud off and looked in the mirror.  This is what character assassins look like.
senate Dennis wasted time and money for no purpose.
You only know how to lose and achieve nothing.  Abort yourself!
.@SenWarren @SenateDems Ya, I'm sure they really appreciated not being with their families while you Democrats had your tantrum Pocahontas.

How about standing up to Massachusetts hacks voting in $18mil salary hikes on r backs
yep, you wasted more of us taxpayers hard earned money for your fruitless agenda!
Liawatha!!!!
Thanks for standing tall and proud for our heritage.
Lizzy, one BIG waste of time while you lib senators acted like immature children who just didn't get their ways!
Like McConnell for the last 6 years perhaps?  The GOP kills me with their hypocrisy
Hopefully this person is too old to breed!
stenographers are amazing. 
Why can't we just DECLARE a filibuster and force GOP to get 2/3's like they did with Obama?
wasted taxpayer money/time you need therapy
idiot
Solving nothing.
LAUGHABLE ! HOPE YOU HAD FUN AT YOUR CHILDISH OVER-NIGHTER. ARE YOU DEMS ADULTS ! GOVERNMENT IS FOR WE THE PEOPLE !
For the record, the police can't stand you.
and the waste of tax payer money continues. And both parties don't give a damn about the public. SMH
Thank you senator Warren!!
thank you
How about thank you to the taxpayers for letting you waste their $$ on useless babble?  You need to go.
@realDonaldTrump Yeah. I'm sure they just LOVE working all night listening to your BS. Triple overtime!!
I would like to know how much the taxpayers were stung for the dems antics.
will a male stand up and read that letter? We are curious if they would give them the sit down and shut up too. 
I'm assuming both male?
yes, both male
just wait til the next elections
@POTUS @SenatorSessions SESSIONS IN! TRUMP CONTINUES TO WIN AND YOU CONTINUE TO LOSE

more wasted time.  This is why @realDonaldTrump is president now. Grandstanding no longer works #dontgetit
think of the overtime paid tax payer money for what?  Wasted
thank you for standing up for America!
Attempts to hold country hostage. #hypocrite
thank you Senator thank you.
and we thank you Senator Warren!
Thank you for your continued fight for decency and justice.
Thank you for your courage, strength and determination.
While U were all blowing sunshine up America's butts, I slept soundly and waited for the confirmations to begin.
Ty for the teaching moment .. my son got to see first hand what spoiled brats look like when they don't get there way
Please keep fighting it's important and thank you.
Caffeine fix needed for these tireless fighters of the people @Starbucks @DunkinDonuts @Seattlecoffeeco TY#resist
You need friends right now, you should not be threatening to be disruptive and divisive , you were wrong
Really thanking the cops that you started a war on? I'm sure they appreciate it...not! You hypocrite!
#holdthefloor = #ThrewATantrum
The Kings are sick of you using them for a political stump. Grow up, Endorse Term Limits, and get over yourselves.
Thank you Senator for your dedication and service to America!  Thank you for giving us a voice.
THANK YOU for wasting our hard-earned tax dollars to pay them. #shameful
. Please investigate the dismantling of the 
EAC! Elections Agency!!
Amazing how much time and taxpayer money is wasted by Dems in a useless exercise.
Elizabeth Warrior Warren
keep fighting for us Senator! You are the voice of the voiceless. You make me proud to me an American! #LetHerSpeak
because you acted like children forcing them to work all night cloakroom staff how old are you can't hang up a coat
I am an Indip. Glad u were silenced. u talk a lot but say nothing.
Thank YOU Senator Warren.  We are ANGRY about GOP efforts to - YET AGAIN - silence womens' voices.
U must a crazy woman or a nut to create this drama u knew was not going to succeed. If u run for Pres my vote is NO.
I'm sure they appreciate you and your friends waiting their time when there is no chance he will not be confirmed
thank you for working for us!
Thank you.
#Warrendrama
Should you read thank you for eating your valuable family time we don't have good alternatives. We braindead
.@SenWarren @SenateDems thank you all!
not impressive.... very hateful and harmful to those who aspire to become lawmakers.
..@SenWarren @SenateDems How much did this cost the American taxpayer?
Thank you for standing up for American values #shepersisted
@POTUS DEMS know how to do one thing, WASTE my hard earned money!!!
@POTUS  WHAT WAS THE FISCAL IMPACT OF THIS?? Overtime for federal employees?  My hard earned tax dollars wasted!
What was the COST for this? Overtime for federal employees with families at home? ABUSE of employees & my tax dollars
What was THE BILL for this? Overtime for federal employees with families at home? ABUSE of employees & my tax dollars
WHAT WAS THE BILL for this? Overtime for federal employees with families at home? ABUSE of employees & my tax dollars
@POTUS I SAY IRRESPONSIBLE and ABUSIVE use of MY TAXES!!!  GET your job done and confirm the cabinet or go home.
The true American hero's are coming to the forefront to stand for what is right. Thank you!

Impeach Trump.
so the Dems keep on wasting money ...in some cases just to hear themselves talk #Demwasting$
Thank you so much for your efforts. We will be heard in 2018!
thank you Senator Warren! Thank you for standing strong for us!
Thank you to all the sane senators who approved Sessions! What do you have to say now fauxcahontas?
Elizabeth Warren & supporting Democrats, you are a legend!! Thank you so much for your strength & inspiration #love
@vjf6122 @SenateDems thank you @SenWarren you have touched so many hearts by your example of strength & unrelenting fight for our country. 
Don't let warren fool you. It's deliberate and it's fund raising.She's vulnerable.
this is leadership.

Thank you, Elizabeth!
You like to inconvenience everybody! You're ruining America!
all want to hail you as the President of USA
WORKED THROUGH NIGHT DOING USELESS "WORK". DEM PARTY GOING DOWNHILL BY MINUTE. PEOPLE WANT PROGRESS! YOU STICK n MUD!

.@SenWarren @SenateDems Ack ack ack!
when are you going to work lizzy
Hey, I saw that y'all are voting to confirm @SenatorSessions as AG right now. How that going? @SenWarren @SenateDems
THANK YOU to the police, clerks, stenographers, cloakroom staff, pages, & Sen officers who worked all night while @SenateDems #holdthefloor.
: thank you. #StopSessions no more #AltFacts #ShePersists #BlackHistoryMonth #CivilRights
taking issue with abiding by rules, typical hypocrisy of the left
now you thank the police you called them all bigotts under the worst president ever you fake native american indian
dear Miss Warren-we appreciate your steadfast dedication and your strength! Thank you for all you've done!
what a waste of govt payroll. You don't care since its taxpayers money.
You mean while you wasted time and the tax pays money. Pocahontas your a joke no one wants to hear you just shut up!!
@Blowback20 @SenateDems You're a classy lassie senator. America needs more like you in congress.
You has beens can't even hold your bladder, little lone the floor!
These folks deserve a huge bonus having to sit there all night & listen to goofy liberals spew their usual bull crap!
a waste of our tax dollars no wonder u never get anything done
thank you for you tenacity
we will persist with you
@Blowback20 @SenateDems And, thank you Senator Warren!!
worthless tax money.
has class !
all I can say is I am with her (you) November 2020!
thank you pls continue to #holdthefloor
We're in this together,  ma'am!  #RESIST  
Your nose pickings were all over the floor, Fauxcahontas.
you have abandoned your roots, you are so blindly liberal, you should be ashamed. you are a hilary wannabe
Thank you Senator Warren, for standing up, fighting, and taking those snowflakes to task! #LetLizTalk
Thank you for standing up for the people.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for persisting. We stand with you
Thank you! Thank you for proving my vote to @realDonaldTrump wasn't a wasted vote. You are #deplorable
let's all keep an eye on the @GOPSenMajority so they don't take this country backwards in racism & hatred
and #sessions will be #confirmed so you accomplished wasting time  &$ be a fountain not a drain Liz
Thank you!
hold your nose
always appreciative.  Hallmark of leadership!
we're with y'all!!
Thank you for all you do Sen. Warren! Keep up the good fight, we've got your back! 
thnk you to r  tireless Democrats for working so hard for what is True & Right. We need leader who Energize r prty 
Your race-baiting nonsense has been exposed as a fraud.

Please continue to speak up, speak out and make your voices heard. You are an inspiration.
Thank you, Senator, you're a bad-ass.  #shepersisted
Lost cause
how much native American are you, again?
Thank you, Sen. Warren, and all Dems fighting for the values that our founding documents address. Keep us free!
Guess if you would have come to work and did what you're paid to do they would not have to stay late.
#neverthelessshepersisted 2017 the year of the woman
stay strong, Senator!
Every headline omits the actor of sexism. Each headline should read: "@SenateGOP silenced Sen Warren"
just curious LIEawatha, how many Klan leaders have you put on death row? #FakeMoralHighground
she is #batshitcrazy
, Why don't you thank the US taxpayers who pay for these services...or doesn't fake Cherokee Warren understand this.
Thank you for your perseverance! Don't forget to take care of yourself: rest up, eat well and get some sunshine!
I agree all the kings horses and all these kings men can't stop Trumps people from getting in!!
@Lee_in_Iowa @SenateDems THANK YOU FOR YOUR PERSISTENCE!
the REAL Bullies
u hate COPS
Thank You!!!
thank you for being so tenacious in your accountability to your constituents.
that list sounds like a lot of taxpayer $$$.  
You are class. Thank YOU!
you will lose!!!
you should thank us, the tax payers, as we are paying for it. So wrong. You should pay
I think you are awesome for acknowledging and thanking support staff -- so seldom noticed or recognized.
You are a class act, Senator Warren
you are so brave Pocahontas
