You know the entire democrat party didn't give a damn about any of us when they passed ACA & jacked up healthcare premiums for everyone.
Are you NOT paying attention or just so uninformed?
You should talk. Democrats screwed up healthcare & lied. Keep your doc & your plan, premiums go down. They proved they can't be trusted.
When has your doctor ever stayed the same under plan changes? You wanna fix that issue, push for single payer, so there's no exclusion.
Single payer is rationing. Charlie Gard mean anything to you?
Wow, you'll be REALLY upset with #wealthcare then.
Socialism has never worked in the history of the world. It won't work with government & it won't work with healthcare. Medicare is failing 2
Jesus, someone should tell the Canadians quick. Their healthcare will be in shambles. 
LMFAO

15 million of that 23 million are ppl who will be kicked off of Medicaid because of rationing. Are they choosing that fate?
I think you're implying that I got my info from CNN  and you would be wrong. My info is from the CBO. The last time I watched CNN was the
Gov shutdown.
I was referring to the time Cruz shut down the gov to defund ACA. But if stories about presidents acting inappropriately interest you, you
Elderly ppl are on MEDICARE not MEDICAID. So U start with a false premise right off the bat, Ms fake Indian.
65 and older are on Medicare. I know 64 year old w/ a recently deceased husband on Medicaid. She was married for 45 years.
64 year old IS HARDLY elderly except to anyone under 30. Nor is anyone under 64. We are talking elderly which are on MEDICARE not medicaid.
Poor elderly can be on Medicare and Medicaid. Medicaid picks up 20% due. Medicaid will pay for a custodial nursing home while Medicare won't
I wasn't speaking of nursing home care. I was referring to 24/7 home care. That is what families and churches R for. Gov debt is drowning us
How dose this effect millions on Medicare for esrf and dialysis
The GOP wants their home too. Pay attention!!
My grandmother Donna is one of these people!
The situation is much more complex than Senator Warren explains.The proposed health care bill would not change the elderly woman's situation
he is evil and mentally ill, psychopathic, delusional, a war monger, a power monger, he is trash and needs to be g o n e. we will die
Their families could (gasp) take care of them. Although, they've already bankrupted the next generation.
I have taken both my parents in...now I have no insurance and they consider his very limited income to help. 800 is not cutting it.
Cutting taxes on rich creates more businesses and more revenue
Elizabeth Warren is my hero!
ms warren:  this is the genocide agenda of  el trump and his posse.  it is a crime against humanity,  he needs to step down or be taken down
Senator, that is the plan...for the sick and the elderly to just fade away and die.(In have  a 90 yr old mother who lives alone)
When republicans hate a female senator, it means she's WICKED SMART, speaks truth, & are afraid she'll run for president in 2020.
lol Are U kidding yourself???? We can only pray she runs. Conservatives will laugh all the way to the polls as they vote the #TrumpTrain
Not a single woman was on Republican committee that drafted New Health Care Bill which severely cuts pregnancy & substance abuse care.
Why would you care. Take care of the seniors &take welfare mothers off & get them jobs go after the daddy's to pay we are a welfare country
You are absolutely correct Senator Warren. I am disabled and I need Medicaid. What about our children, elderly, veterans?
They ate fine
This story is the absolute truth. As a rural doc, I dread the repeal of ACA. There will be millions of elderly and kids who get sick &die!
@Archivist1000  I don't recall millions dying before ACA, using fear tactics huh...well bucket up for 2018s  shit storm for Dems
She's Cherokee so, no....
U mean the one that challenge her and lost? That one?

I bet you have to start every sentence with "I'm not racist but...", amiright?
You passed Obamacare even knowing it was a time bomb.  I remember you said to support it.  You were wrong then, so why trust you now?
Well, since the democrats created this health Care monster.  In stead of trying to place blame on the reps, I would expect dems to help out.
I wish could like ur reply a billion times. It was only 8 years ago did they expect we would forget there party and belief got us into this
Do you know what 1 tril. of our tax dollars gets us. Nothing but incompetence, 400+congress, 100 senators can't do nothing- sad. Kick ass.
Perhaps we should give congress $1 trillion in pennies and have them count them.  Then have the senate count these pennies to validate. Whoa
While I'm not on board with ur eccentric style. I will say I do support constitutional adm on term limits and balance budget. It will have
Speak simple English
Lies
Obama and democRATS cheat seniors all the time they cheat all American do you have memory problem like crooked Hillary?
Keep waking up, and you may be a senior in need one day too !
http://www.dailynews.com/government-and-politics/20170708/medicaid-cut-in-gop-health-bill-worries-the-nursing-home-set … #Trumpcare
Dems did not jack prices; Boehner & house repubs sued(2014) to stop ACA-causing HOLD on ACA plan critical insurance subsidy pymts.
We will all be there someday
Who's with me for starting a revolution?!?
They all believe in slavery and having women in chains
NO MORE WHITE CONSERVATIVES!!!
Let's protest and riot the streets
Nobody wants to be like them, it's racist and not cool
They are all evil and want to promote their dangerous white agenda
Wow
Has anyone ever heard of FQHC's whonprovide healthcare based on ability to pay for free clinics that are free?  Healthcare is not ins.
https://www.facebook.com/OfficialLizWheeler/videos/vb.937337612998421/1396180700447441/?type=2&theater …
Spreading propaganda today, aren't we???
Scare tactics from a has been,
This GOP& they're so called president desire 2 destroy all the social safety nets that have helped millions 4 decades.Evil people!
You, Madam, should be teamed with Bernie as our Pres and VP
#equal #universal #Healthcare
As well as our disabled #VetsAgainstTrump , people like myself w/ #MultipleSclerosis ... my 89 yr old gma?! #wtf
Yes, I know. The past 2 yrs I have spoken directly to these people & their "kids" (my age.) I am a Cust Service Rep for General Dynamics.
So 'bummer care is better? All lies just like you lying about your native heritage.
this is the exact scenario my mom and dad went through. Due to an unforseen illness my parents savings were depleted.
What about the shit Bill you passed that got us in the huge mess. Now shut your rank mouth and know your party and lies are done for good.
Elizabeth Warren 2020 
U said picture a woman in her 80s that's shaky on her feet, i pictured u @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters but u are all rich
Please pursue high dudectable plans w/HSAs.  This will help reduce premiums and offer savings initiatives.
You are so lieing whitch is about all you do
The current bill doesn't go far enough to repeal Obamacare we need a full repeal and replace. Vote Warren Out next election.
Sitting next to my dad, who's in the hospital after a bad fall. It is exactly as Ms. Warren says. Our seniors depend on Medicare  & Medicaid
OMG @GOP. How can any of you even BEGIN to call yourselves #Christian??
You and @NancyPelosi are the only two waving hands morning, noon and night.  Do you have private signaling?
The facts state just the opposite.
It is hard to comprehend why so many people strongly object to those poorer than themselves being allowed to have healthcare @BernieSanders
Please logout.  You are a divisive and disturbing political figure.
Warren stop being obstructionist and cone to the table and negotiate
This is totally the truth... Seniors and People with Disabilities deserve our help.. They will suffer greatly if Medicaid goes
Sitting Bull is throwing the bull. AGAIN!!  #POCAHANTAS
Speaking to no one but trying to be relevant.
I'm with HER!
ur FEELING me !!
@SenWarren
Neither the word "health" nor the word "care" belongs in any discussion of that bill.
Could tell you a great story began w/a dedicated fed gov't employee in his 30's & suddenly, this week, news his teen would also die w/AHCA.
That is precisely my dad you're talking about. Thanks, @senwarren
Take the DNA test coward!
Such an eye-opening example--a story that would be told thousands of times over if the AHCA passes.
If McConnell is ready to fix the ACA- you guys (Dems) need to be ready with ideas. AZ only has 1 insurer. #FixIt

Get off it.  I am that woman living on SS! Doing OK.  Stop the square tactics.

Thanks for that example. That is exactly what will happen to our frail seniors. Thanks for standing up for them. God Bless you!
It does not cut Medicaid; in any case you didn't complain when Obama siphoned money from Medicare.  I guess the seniors were OK with that.
On a long enough timeline...
Maybe we should pretend to be Indians too. @SenWarren That's what you did.
@SenatorBurr  @SenThomTillis Please listen fellas.
All well and good if the system worked now for our seniors. Do you think someone who can not live alone today before the Republicans shred
What little exists today. If someone needs 24/7 care and the family can't pay for it they have minimal choices. It is a sad fact that our
Dear Senator Warren , I think you need to pay back the Tuition you stole from Real American Indians. You are a Thief and a Liar.
Stop giving idle threats and speeches... DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!
Here's what's going to happen in Massachusetts crooked Elisabeth is going to loose next election. Because she is a fake. She hates patriots
Truth about the Trumpcare... @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost @CBSNews
DZ is part of the problem killing our country. I'm glad their words don't go further then Twitter.
You really are a deceitful liar, aren't you? Go away. Republic can't survive many more like you, even if you were 100% full blooded Lakota.
For each millionaire's $50K Trump tax break, EIGHT people will loose their Medicaid coverage...
this is not an america i want to live in or be a part of. WE NEED TO HELP ALL AMERICANS, not the rich. #beinghuman is more important than $$
If ACA is soo good then why are you exempt? We pay for your Cadillac plan while the masses get crap.
If you allow the gov to control health care then gov will decide what treatment you can have. How do people not understand this?
It's already happening to seniors because of the shit Dems passed with no Rep votes
ONLY A PERFECT BILL SHOU PASS YOU SAW THE ACA ;HOW MUCH SCRUTINY DID IT GO ;AT IT'S TIME ;AND LOOK WHAT HAPPENED !WHY REPEAT THE SAME MISTA
Google "Fire ants eat Florida nursing home patient" and see what it's like without the Medicaid cuts.
Address the lack of leadership for once and start going after this liar.
I know the health bill is important but the Democrats need leadership and someone to lead us against thus corrupt administration.
I don't know how they could do that and still look in the mirror at themselves.

Ghanim became an icon for freedom in
Since he has challenged the authoritarian law that restricts freedom of showing sympathy
#Free_Ghanim 
Thank you Senator Warren.
Please give the Dems some balls to fight
Don't try to tweet sense to these repugs. The Trumpcare bull.err I mean bill has only a 12  per cent favor ability rate
Intergenerational wealth transfers ftw!
They will be covered by Medicare.....
As they have for decades.

#LieralLies
#Snowflakes

#MAGA

Right? What's the hashtag #LieralLies mean??? #RESIST and #EDUCATE
Why can't they see this? But, with ed cuts, in future there wont be caregivers anyway.
We got it. Now stop them.
Let the adults do the work @SenWarren just get out of the way you have nothing good to offer
When Medicaid takes care of our moms, dads and grandparents in nursing homes, the rest of us live without the hourly work of their care. 
So your willing to give all the control to a government that did not give a dam about you. Thank God trump does care
So take your millions that you took from our taxes and give it back
Thank you for this clear message of how the Republican bill will hurt seniors. Keep up the good fight!
Your a phony and fraud and need new material other than "The GOP is going to push granny off the cliff". The bill I passed is imploding.
i do NOT believe U!
Stop trying to scare everyone pocohontis
I'm one of the people who works with the elderly in their home to assist with every day tasks, like eating, and meds. I'm scared for them.
Such a sad day when people get old and thier family no longer helps. Don't worry Liz, your covered for life, so you don't  have to worry.
Democrats, like yourself, have ruined healthcare & Amer. Dream. It took over 230 yrs to reach U.S. $9 Tril. debt/OBAMA 8 yrs $21 Trill debt
You are as always wrong
I would never believe a word u say!!
Glad you got home safe.
Stop you complaining snd get involved. Pray to our God for guidance! The God that loves you much!
You people need to be fair, just don't gripe and refused to participate for the good of its citizen, if you refuse to participate don't o/o!
Liar evil creature using false scare tactics to ruin our country a true unapologetic Fabian leftie destructive miscreant

You are twisting the facts to suit your false narratives.
If you believe what either party says, you are blind in one eye.
Folks, irregardless of politics, she's trying  to show what will happen if current plan passes. Look forward, not back.
Well then we should get the same healthcare as you Liz!
Medecins Sans Frontieres will have to start operating in the USA. Third world health.
@SenateGOP Americans deserve better than what you want to take away from our healhcare. You should be ashamed

Trumpcare and Republicans will throw over 30 million off of health insurance.
Thank you senator. At least someone cares.
You no-good lying witch. When ACA stole 700billion from Medicare, WHICH WE PAID FOR , that was OK? Now you're concerned about seniors? LIAR
It's murder.  The Republican's are the "death squads" they tried to terrorize us with during the legislation providing the ACA.
Liz The Democratic Party had eight years to get it right. All of a sudden democrats become an authority on healthcare
those of us who cared for elderly parents and in laws know this it the truth, the numbers now will grow with baby boomers
Fear Monger! You come up with an alternative if it's so bad.
If we listened to the dems everything will be welfare
Please supply the data you use to support your your claim. Thank you.
Is this so hard to get? or have we come to where we don't care what happens to our fellow citizens? Biblically speaking, "our neighbors."
I think the question is what will happen if we don't, Obamacare will fail
I am a senior. We get little now. If you get your way we will get less and pay more. You are awful. If you have time pls send me money
Keep up fighting

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
When R you up for reection? Must be soon with all of your selfies acting like ur taking care of business. So funny.
People will die because of taxation. Break the chains that bind.
You losers got us into this mess with Obama care in the first place. You rammed it down our throat without any Republican votes.
Pocahontas and the rest of our lawmakers should be forced fed the same BS healthcare system "Obamacare" that the rest of us have to swallow.
Then the GOP donors will build senior barracks and take their entire Social  Security check to lock them up in a senior prison
ANOTHEF MUST SEE VIDEO FROM THE NEXT POTUS, E. WARREN!!
50,00000000000000000 RETWEETS!
Who can stop this evil plan that is so promoted by a bunch of evil men who's parents will never end up like this. These men are BASTARDS!
Every one should be alarmed.  Watch the video
We don't deserve this worked all my life and now this is what I have to look forward to this. Being poor and old is a sin
chris christie wants to set up old people camps so he can cash the checks, himself, because he's the "governor on the beach"
Keep fighting !!!
Are you aware of ACAs impact on seniors now? You have no idea. My mother-in-law met her death at the hands of ACA policies!
Need to get to CA and find out what the hell are the Democrats doing and why they are blocking single payer.
@senwarren You are one of us. Thank you for your passion for righting the wrongs.
Reducing care for some while benefitting the wealthy shouldn't be political... time to work together for humanity.

See your still fear mongering Pocahontas #MAGA
Why people blindly believe politians is beyond me. Unless they want to push their own agenda
The truth is that these programs are mainly funded on the state and county level. Medicare isn't going anywhere. You are lying by omission
Omg stop this is just bad @Elizabeth  just plz stop
Thanks you! @SenWarren!
So you absolutely know this will happen for certain - no doubt whatsoever? You lie Elizabeth
The twisted, immoral fanaticism of @Potus, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan & @GOP to cut taxes for the rich & big corporations knows no bounds.
@atDavidHoffman @SenateGOP this is so true 
There go more health care jobs as well #BRCA
As a fellow democrat I am ashamed of you and other party leaders
So if dems are so smart why didn't u fix it you had 8 yrs
-(3/3) How about contributing some of your personal wealth to help pay for more people on Medicaid! How about putting $ where ur mouth is?

