A hostile foreign gov used a dangerous weapon to undermine our democracy. We must set aside politics & make certain it never happens again.
We is you. Do something bimbo now! not later what does it take to make you people work.
Donald Trump is under investigation as well and when it's all over with the republicans are going to be check mated and will have no choice
They are all busy with their illegal activities that e unconstitutional, oh yea and Hillary rigged the DNC remember?
Just curious... why can the Prez fire the FBI chief, who's independent? Shouldn't it be for Oversight Committee to do?
time for #lyingtrump to step down. He's in way over his head. Lies too much and obstructed an investigation.
Whatever Goofy
Law enforcement?we need to talk about corruption.. so real
Of what?
Your BS Russian line?
It's worse than your fake heritage.
Trump must go for he's attacking directly and indirectly through and with his Russian friends the basic principles of democracy.
This is gospel truth and the saddest part is almost all of the GOP supports him because of their craven lust for power. #Gop=Traitors.
There's a disturbing brand of entitlement there. They and their voters seem to believe trumpie has the right do as he damn well pleases.
He must.  He has no choice. Dems had America in path to ruin.  Thank God T won.  Your hero would've continued to coverup all the corruption
What hero? Are you really that ignorant to assume every all democrats were/are for Hillary?? Smh...
No. But you are for a Democrat.  I'll give you credit for not supporting that corrupt winchbag......but Bernie supporters have issues too.
And Trump supporters don't? Our government is a shit show, seems as if power and coins is all that matters...
Political chaos in Washington is a return on investment for Moscow
Careful what you wish for, it is a fact that DNC lied, cheated, and stole.  That Hillary's classified emails were on Weiner's laptop.
Now everyone in America can laugh at your stupidity!
Oh give it up, why don't ya? It's done. No obstruction. No impeachment. NADA. Except for Lynch who obstructed. Your pal is going to get it.
Too bad law enforcement didn't do it's job and bring a case against Hillary and let her wiggle out of it with the bs excuse of no intent.
God you GUYS have all LOST your FUCKING MINDS! 
I am sorry Senator but nothing is going to happen to him cause of corrupt GOP they all have ties to Russian money & nothing is done about
You tell him Pocahontas!
Sorta like when Comey committed treason by leaking to the press? Gotta get to the bottom of that huh? Your a freaking joke.
Not treason if not classified. Maybe check with Trump talking to the Russians in the Oval Office about intelligence. Better example.
Trump can actually declassify anything he chooses. That's a fail
no thats the law
What is? Did I miss something?
With that said should we look into former Attorney General Lynch now?
I get that you feel DJT is a threat to democracy but a lot of us didn't think BHO was any better.. it's all relative from where you sit
He had the media fawning all over him as the second coming of Christ.Had they been as critical of him as they are DJ T it would be different
Get to the bottom of what?  How the mainstream media and their Democrat overlords were able to push a lie so big for so long?

I think our own government is more guilty, they want anybody but Bernie, they don't want to pay taxes, government frauds almost of them!
I ordered a 23 & me kit for you. Cost me 99 bucks. My gift to you so that you can finally prove that you are a Cherokee Indian. Ur welcome!!
There was a crime committed and my question is, "who's protecting the American people from this idiot?"
What crime? I missed that part.
That would be the one Ryan chastised Comey for not preventing. You know, because dear sweet trumpie poo was too green to know better.
Thanks for the details. 
Yes Elizabeth and you might be one they look into also.u people go in office poor and end up millionaires on 50.thousand a year salaries???
You probably helped Comey.  You need to be investigated too.
But will they? I'm so exhausted from this and GOP acts like nothing to see here. Move along. He's new at this. Disgusting.
@peaceisactive @realDonaldTrump it's a good ol ' not network it isn't happening Senator
@Thomas1774Paine @mitchellvii @The_Trump_Train @antoniosabatojr  He's only intimidating to you because he's drawing the SWAMP. #WARRENSWAMP
Senility is a b*tch!
In that case, you are obstructing justice by spewing untruths.
Do not let up! Keep up the good fight for your constituents and our country! Not
I meant to add, not to mention Democracy. You Senator Warren are a beacon of light in the storm!
He didn't say Trump is not NOW under investigation for Russia, he could only say at THAT time he was not a SPECIFIC TARGET of it.
He's probably NOW under investigation for obstruction of justice though.
The left is so caught up in this pipe dream they are paralyzed.
My sister voted for Trump and found Comey Credible. She did not want to vote for Hillary and she did not want to abstain from voting. Regret
I think Trump will have as much or more support at the end of his term, than when he started.  I think/hope.
@SpeakerRyan feels that TRUMP is "new at this" &shouldn't be judged. Ryan isn't new,  he must protect citizens from this Grifter Mafia fam
Saying he's "New at this" is as much as an admission of guilt to me.
Hope you have an oxygen tank the abyss is so deep!

This Country is screwed. Dodd Frank 

I feel obligated to correct you, 100% dumbasshole
What is the senate going to do about lying Coates and rogers?
I think they were carefully weighing each word. Never answered if they were "asked".
They did say they would like to answer the question in closed session.
And New York Daily News is running a front page with a picture of Trump and one word "LIAR".  That's what their takeaway from today is.
Special investigator will subpoena their memoranda. He probably already has them. They're complicit so they'll plead 5th.
?, what about the people Comey reported all this too. Why can't they speak & cooberate or not Comey story. If it's Comeys word vs Trump
What part?
The Trump train needs to be HALTED NOW. ANYTHING GOP wants to accomplish MUST NOT even be considered. STOP THE BLEEDING before it's too late
Completely agree let Obamacare fail and let everyone pay for their own insurance and not my tax dollars!!!!
Pocahontas it's over, let it go.
Fauxcahontas
Dear warren aren't you the one who lied about your heritage to get a free ride from the government? I think maybe you should be investigated
I agree. Squaws never become chiefs. hehe
Why not let the Republicans know we are voting them out 1000%
In this particular situation, 100% would suffice. You must be using common core arithmetic.
Your political ship is sinking. Put on a life vest full of rocks and hold tight.
While you're trying to figure out if you're Indian or not, can you get your party together and try working with reps/President? Thanks!
No matter who @SenWarren lies about, threatens or intimidates it’s the job of LEO's & Congress to get to the TRUTH of this.  #VoteWisely2018
BUT Criminal Attorney Generals like HOODLUM Holder,
and Needs Lynched Lynch...
You do NOT have a problem with...!
...right...?
E - How have you been able to AMASSED a fortune of $14 Mill
on a Salary of $174 K per year?
IS G Soros / Globalist paying YOU to BETRAY US?
One thing is certan... living in DC on 174k it would be impossible to LEGALLY amass a 14 Million net worth.  Crook
Especially since she has only been in the senate since 2013.
Including the Clintons, Obama, Susan Rice, Huma Abedin, and Loretta Lynch.
show us some proof Senator...big on blow but low on wind...
We already got to the bottom.  It's a big nothingburger.
No matter who the people in office think they are! DJT is going to expose them & its the job of WeThePeople to vote them out!DC is crooked!
You need to be investigated
You are done. this is your last term fake senator
We need to get together like we did for Trump and remove this person from any government job.
You support Crooked Hillary and a tainted justice department- you Senator are a liar and part of the problem.

Absolutely! This is a given! Chump is a straight up criminal and thug! Ty for this commentary and your hard work& service to our country!
Look Pocahontas, you and Congress aren't doing jack. Y'all couldn't get to the bottom of a 3' deep swimming pool let alone Dem corruption.
Right, paleface speak with forked tongue.  Pocahontas, stop the insanity that is you
Ние во Македонија ќе влезе во е-мејл сметка вашата сметка
Dear Senator Warren, you disgust We The People.
Madame you are full of $h;!
17 law enforcement agencies, spying, phone taps, Senate and House committee investigations- zero evidence. BOTTOM OF WHAT CRIME? FAKE NEWS!!
Native Americans everywhere think you should be fired, Poser.
And when they do Comey, Lynch, Killary etc probably find themselves BEHIND BARS!! In the meantime NO COLLUSION! Americans sick of this crap
Why is it the Dems sound so ignorant when they rant about their fake news crap?! If u hate the USA, get the "F" out of here
Of what? You're claim to be Native American?
Elizabeth Warren I am the Law Enforcement(aka)Commissioner of every State within the Commonwealth. Amending strict laws, bottom line !
Be careful what u wish for and don't forget who now has the bully pulpit
Bottom of what?
Hey Leftards, No collusion, no investigation of Trump, Comey leaked information, Loretta Lynch obstructed Clinton Investigation,
Your white privilege is showing again! You should be expelled from Senate for dereliction of duty! #VoteHerOut #Liar
Like that's what you really care about
first Clinton, Lynch etc. then the rest of YOUR party.
Congress is totally useless! Remember Holders contempt of congress?
Relax.  From the look of things recent, there's an eight (8) year backlog
The hypocrisy is getting old time for American people to clean house
While their at it they can get to the bottom of IRS,Fast & Furious,Rice, Leakers,Lynch,Obama,&entire corrupt swamp watch what Uwish 4 Warren
Thank-you
The problem is  every stone you turn over in your wild goose chase keeps finding crimes within your own party, can't run from your own stink
It's still better than having HILLARY OMG Could you imagine!!!?? Career Politicians have to go! What person OR politician doesn't tell a lie
You mean like the Obama Admin "got to the bottom of" #FastAndFurious #IRSTargeting #Benghazi?
American citizens demand complete trustful answers. It will no go away! We eill@not go away!
Yes your crooked dem friends will all go to jail. You are over.
this being...?
Lol!
To the bottom of absolutely nothing! How about the bottom of collusion between Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch & Hillary, or Clinton Foundation
Its the job of the law enforcement not to be weaponized for political purpose you goofy witch #Warren
Ok #Pocahontas 

Trump is completely off his rocker. His IQ is at the Down syndrome level.
Pocahontas speaks.
Your a dangerous delusional woman. If anyone should resign it should be the sad excuse that is Rep. Warren.
Wth r u talking about? All presidents have fired & asked for resignations. Who has been intimidated &/or threatened? Country b4 party!!
You senile old battleaxe aren't you tired of speaking with forked tongue? Lied to get scholarship and haven't stopped. GO away please
Well it would be nice if the Democratic Party did something.....hell it would be nice if YOU did anything!
It's the job of a grand jury to get to the bottom of the corruption that's blatantly obvious! Start with Comey who's weak and not to smart!
I would sum it up with "Crooked FBI Director! And he can fire whoever he wants.
Rep must stop being politically correct as Trump has espoused many times. Challenge him as they have Comey. They know Trump is a liar. Act!
Lol.
Bottom of what? #SethRichCoverUp ?
What the
Dems have been exposed for the lying, FAKE news Russia collusion BS story that has consumed Americans since the election. #SethRichMurder
hey native american Liz! go search in every closet & under every bed for russians if it makes u feel better! the rest of us gonna help #maga
What a load of horse shit.
Have you been following the same news the rest of the world has? Trump is the good guy!
We got to your deception regarding your school loan claiming exemption.  When are you paying it back to Americans?  Wanting to ruffle fake u
1/ While listenin 2 "Steel&Unger" 2day on siriusXM, a fellow Amercn said that if Dems take hse/senate n hold DT accountable,his neighbors..
Obvi
You mean like saying "I am the only thing between you and the pitchforks" Threats like that? Is that what you mean?
The people are tired of your hubris attitude while enforcing draconian views upon the common man . Karma coming.
If you would speak in your native tongue Cherokee you would make more sense
Funny how libs forget what Hillary and Obama actually did and transfer their crimes to Trump w\ No evidence!
LMAO. This #Massachusetts voter will not be voting for you ever again. Crazy lady.
For once I agree with you-Obama, his administration, Hillary and her clown car will finally be held accountable!
He hasn't scalped anyone, yet, so all you're doing is sending out heap big smoke signals using steamy piles of buffalo dung.
20 percent of our URANIUM sold to the Russians! The 33000 Emails Deleted You need to wake up CHIEF!
Warren is just another crap dispenser. Just a sad echo of the dem lib #MoronMedia. Sad pretender.
Get to the bottom of what? Yesterday proved that Trump has done nothing wrong and this whole Russia-collusion thing is FAKENEWS. Get to work
Hey Warren,  I thought I read somewhere that you and many others are being investigated in the Democratic party.  Is this true? I hope so.
#youneedstrongsmartwomenonyourside
The demoncrats are just an embarrassment to the people & the laughing stocks of America & the world. You're pathetic!
Please find a way to stop gop Senate from passing "Deathcare" As always thanks for standing up!
Do you have obummercare?
Please EWarren go away.  And take all of your American hating liberals with you.  Let pres Trump do what we elected him to do. MAGA
We think it's your job to fix trade, keep us safe from terrorism and create a good environment from our families to thrive in!
You sure that's not THE CLINTON'S threatening,intimidating or killing ppl? Think you are confused Elizabeth!
Trump didn't do those things, but I realize u have a narrative. 

Lynch however did pressure Comey, funny you're not mentioning that.
They got to the bottom of it yesterday morning.
It's all fake made up bullshit.
How bout you dirty Dems start doing your job.
You b gone nxt
.@SenWarren @nytimes @TheDemocrats have a lot of explaining to do re proliferation of Russian Information Warfare.
To the bottom of what?  You mean you are asking for an investigation into the former AG who DID obstruct an investigation now??????
There already there, but as usual your heads in the sand LIAR
We can always can on you to tweet about an issue if nothing else. Big emphasis on the "nothing else", though.
Lol agree be careful what u wish for
The bottom you speak of is the bottom of the swamp. The sound we here from the left is you and rest of Democratic Party circling the drain.
Right, like they did with Hillsry's emails? Step back Fauxcohontas....
WHAT LIES & WHAT CRIMES? Your still believing the fake news polls, think for yourself, the bullying of Obamas years have polluted. Ur mind.
After everyone who testifies continues to say there is no collusion there was no obstruction what are you trying to get to the bottom of
As Comey testified Trump "hoped", Trump encouraged investigation both campaign & Russia, Lynch "ordered" "inaccurate" political wording.
How's getting to the bottom of the Lynch Comey "matter" going..did you ever get to the bottom of the Hillary "matter" just curious.
I hope Sessios and the DOJ looks into where YOUR personal wealth has come from.

Please do something

#Lieawatha aka #Fauxchahontas at it again.
Wish they could fire you!!  Luckily an election is around the corner. So ready to see you OUT of politics. Crazy and Unhinged! Not America!
Bottom of what, a political hoax? No crime, no collusion, no obstruction. Been investigated 8 months & nothing. It's over. Dems lose again.
Please fight for us, he needs to go
Yeah, let's go after Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton!
In order for her to read up on the constitution, she'd have to have enough gray matter to be able to read
They have...you lose.
The Dems fake Russia story was made up to divert from the real crimes. Law enforcement & congress must get to the bottom of HRC
When the man at the top is a dirty cop, all truth goes out the window
you're my favorite Disney character.

I think you'd better go back to school continuing teach #libertard. Oh, wait, u thought on financial regulations are disastrous
To much of a hypocrite to be believed
Keep trying to deflect from the truth Pocahontas. Your crimes will be coming to light soon
You mean like getting to the bottom of who murdered DNC Dir Voter Expansion? #SethRich
Like you did for Benghazi, Fast and Furious, Clinton/ Lynch Tarmac meeting? The People are fed up with YOUR justice system.
