Those emails might show corruption - so of course Republicans are jamming his confirmation through 4 days before the emails become public.
In the choice between corporate polluters & people who want to breathe the air & drink the water, Scott Pruitt sides with the polluters.
I’m speaking on the Senate floor now to strong oppose Scott Pruitt to run the @EPA. Watch: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=1214 …
they are taking away our healthcare for savings accounts. We all aren't gonna have healthcare. We need to do something now
just claim to be a minority like Lying Liz did. I'm sure there some kind of health care associated with it.
#OOPS
How is this not big news?
indict them all
did you support Hillary's relationship with a private server? No concern for national security? #fakenews #hypocrite @EPA
what do you think potus & his minions are using? And unsecured cell phones
Also, how do HRC's emails pertain to Pruitt's confirmation??
& if Hillary's e-mails had been hacked they'd have been plastered all across twitter
@ChaseBrowns yup a lefty 
a lefty who understands what our govt agencies do. Unlike you

I also admit to spying. So I guess their goes jay narrative. 
of course you're American 
but...but...but the left doesn't admit to spying. That's what you told me
"admit" being the operative word. If you know what that means.
 do I need to refer you to the public knowledge of spying again? Dang girl, did u hit ur head recently?
yaaaaaaaassssss emails....whooo hooo
GREAT NEWS!
that's my favorite senator who is called pochohontas
Yeah! Get him girl and let us know what we can do? xxxx
@BryanDawsonUSA @EPA lots of fracking goin on thereearthquakes too - imagine THAToklahoma
you all need to hold his confirmation until this is examined. Stay strong, you are our hope
Lmao...they can't do that.
It takes a lot of late nights, but the just may be able to stall the Senate long enough
I don't think you understand how this works
Hooray!
the judge used the words "abject failure"
that's exciting. I'm watching the his confirmation hearing, right now, for the second time. Clean  matters. No planet B.
Does the plane, car &  other vehicles in your life use gas? Put up or shut up stop using fossil fuel/B a role model for Libs
@BryceFSU @EPA I'd like to hope that this will matter.
Sadly, I don't think it will.
@ScottPruittOK has done zero here and remains focused on his personal agenda.
maybe they should release your false Native American claims
Can we get a judge in IN to do that with our vice pres's emails that he had sealed?
yup as soon as Hillary released the 33,000 emails she dumped.  You guys are unbelievable
Go get him girl
Woo Hoo !  Go get’em Liz!
@sittinonmyhands @EPA They will undoubtedly turn out to be as unethical and shady as #Flynn's conversations w/ #Russia. #epa
Yawn, probably just a bunch of emails about yoga and weddings...
too late
Can we get an update on the Democrat Muslim spy ring please. And resignations of all sitting members of Congress involved.
Please, provide details.
HR 861 "The EPA will terminate Dec.31, 2018". One sentence. Introduced in the House. Get your fight on!!
how about telling us how you made so much $$$$$ in congress. enquiring minds want to know? POKEY
.  Great!!!  Where do we stand on filling Price's seat with a dem?
Same fracking guy who is causing earthquakes all over OK, knows it, yet continues to frack.
THANK-YOU, FOR EVERYTHING, YOU DO.WHAT,THE,republicans, ARE,DOING, TO ANIMALS, ,
AND,LIFE,IS,SICKENING. .
ummmm emails, sabotage, deceit...rings a bell. #DNC Gratitude for justice being served. But...
please don't stop. I am so proud to support you.
Will the @GOP ignore the pending release or still hold a vote for Pruitt? The @SenateGOP will not be forgiven. @npr @kcrw
This Oklahoman firmly rejects Scott Pruit - nothing personal but someone who does not believe in an agency should not run it
he's an angry mad man.
Gotta love #Democrats getting all hyped by a judge but not a peep on Hillary/Brazile or Podesta email indiscretions 
I am shocked to see how many likes you receive on Twitter @ancestry.com
who cares?
.@SenWarren Vote and hearing must be delayed until Senators have READ THE EMAILS. @sumoh7 @EPA
@Sibenjam @EPA #ShePersisted #Indivisible ty
what are the findings?
Yeah, but has anything come of it?! Follow thru is important. It's easy to forget 'headlines' because they are replaced with other headlines
Senator Warren will be remembered by the millions of people she has fought so hard for & beside for weeks!!!
Thank you. 
I wonder if he deleted them like Hillary? 
well then @jasoninthehouse should ride him for 3 years
Of course deleted emails which could pertain to his job as a member of the government should.
@ OK  Fauxkahontas , nothing you say is truthful .
now get pences's emails
When can public see emails...we'll help
unfortunately Senator, looks like it's a little late.
Sadly, too late
Still waiting for crooked Hillarys EMAILS!
That reminds me, whatever happened to Hillary's 30,000 missing emails?
Pence has also  refused to release his emails while Indiana's Governor.  It's now in the Indiana Supreme Court.
But apparently at least two Dems voted for him. We are watching and we won't stand for it. You work for us.
Hurray.
This seems like progress?
So, how do you act?

@SenWarren @EPA
SURPRISE! He's just like every politician ever? No way.
It's all good, ma'am. If her gets the job then the e-mails show collusion then he'll step down. Another embarrassment for Trump.
Fauxahantas please just go sit in the corner
hey hey why don't you play fair why didn't you demand Hillary's emails hypocrite
who cares? Get over it. This country will move forward without you. We are the true progressives. ONWARD!!
Please shout the contents from the roof top ASAP. Thank you.
Everytime I see your picture, I wonder which woman is the worst example of a real women...you Pelosi or Hillary
No worries he'll be another drop out
living by lies deceit and the race card some statesman
now all you need is someone to read them to you.
@evp760 @EPA Ha ha pay back is a -itch.  Release the E-mails! "Russia if your listening..." @POTUS Your very words!  Not so good?
this is my favorite tweet of the day
30 yrs as an environmental consultant. I've seen what uncontrolled wastes do to air, soil and water. We can't go backwards.
I don't think the republicans have a problem with Big Oil. Just ask Rex.
@Lee_in_Iowa @EPA won't that be after the vote though?
When will you release your emails?
When will we see Mike Pence's emails? What is he hiding?
no Pruitt he is not correct for this job.
Yippee!!!!!
go for it....  our planet would be very grateful, along with our children, and grandchildren.....
too late lol
@CBSMMiller @EPA. Who Cares? The EPA has to go! They have cost America Jobs and Trillions of Dollars!
Anything in there on the 1000+ earthquakes in OK in '15 due to fracking, which he did nothing to prevent?
please RUN for POTUS NEXT TIME ROUND!!!!
Nothing from you is believable. Sorry.
When can we see them ?
Thank you for all you do to help people.
I love how right wingers are so afraid of unsealing documents. Yall had no problems with HC emails. Nothing but hypocrites
stop the vote!
excellent
Is the confirmation hearing delayed, in light of this new information?
republicans refused to have info before vote.  Now they will pay!
when can the public ser them?
NOW GET THE JUDGE TO RELEASE WHITEHOUSE E-MAILS TO THE  DNC,IRS,HILLARY,DOJ,AG, FROM OBAMA'S AIDS
Can we get a judge to release the emails @Mike_Pence @VP went to court to have hidden?
exactly
great!
thank you immensely for all you do! Very much appreciated! 2020!

@SenateGOP Please Hold off on Vote for Pruitt until next week. #persistandresist
Liz, you really need to find something with your life.
Thank you so much! We all have to breath the same air. We cannot afford any steps backwards. #ClimateChangeIsReal
@SenateDems @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems AT A MINIMUM, the vote should be delayed!!
why?its called obstruction politics
blah blah blah
@AGScottPruitt is proven liar & lawbreaker. 
@maxbeckaaa @EPA for once ok is doing something ok

@EmmaVigeland @EPA Now we're getting somewhere!
.@SenWarren & #Senators on @SenateFloor SEE #pollutingPruitt as "#PROSECUTABLE" #corrupt pay4play by #oilandgas! CO2 http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=1214 …
Awesome! This should be good!
sickening isn't it what trump admin is trying to force fead our nation, his claims we hate, but--

who has she helped?
Anyone who wants to have a bank account rather than 2008 free fall
What the hell have you done in ur whole life other than complain and unethically claim benefits of a false Native American claim.
BTW, aren't Pence lawyers still in court trying to keep his state office emails sealed?
Good, that means our jobs will be coming back and we can produce our own oil and become independent from the middle east.
why do you so want to believe every republican is corrupt  when Hilary Clinton is one of the most corrupt person ever
DONALD TRUMP IS ILLEGITIMATE AND #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Time to get politics out of the EPA
America is still waiting for Hillary Clinton's 33,000.
#DemsSlowItDown #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpaisMentallyIll #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet
what about the Russian ship?
@CaptainsLog2017 @EPA PERSIST!!
@JasonCoombsCEO @EPA down with regulations, your part of the problem, stop blaming trump for corrupt @HillaryClinton HUUUGGE LOSS
And in doing so cheapened the power of judges. Shame.
 ignore the ignorant comments.
@Twytterpaytyd @EPA Excellent Dahling
retire pochations
At least something is going right in OK.
@keithellison Keith Ellison should be the new DNC chair. Time for a change not just talk. Time for Keith to take over!
Who wants to bet that a large number of the emails will come up missing!  Odds are at least 4 to 1
THANK YOU, PLS RETWEET AND THANK SenWarren. Any news on Pence trying to hide all his govt emails forever?
maybe they need to release some of yours Pocahontas.
Term limits!
STOP ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS WALL ILLEGITIMATE PENCE CABINET GOP RYAN MCCONNELL RUBIO ALL REP SENATE HOUSE
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump Lizzy If God Lived On Earth, Perhaps YOU would Break His Windows.

@SenToomey Please vote no on Pruitt. From PA constituent
what happens now???
You are a Traitor to the Country and a National Disgrace. USA sees right thru you, you Soros/Clinton/Obama globalist shill!
Yes!!!
hope they help show what kind of person he is.
but he was comfirmed...will we have another "resignation" soon, I hope?
@corybantic @EPA Fun fact: S.Pruitt HATES the Environment. The only thing he is Protecting is oil. And his Agency is knows it.
Good job! #ShePersisted
please keep fighting for the protection of our environment
Big oil = big jobs. Get your head out of your...
Put our bodies on the tracks in front of this deadly train, Pruitt. Thank god for these emails.
SO,Evidence uncovered that Elizabeth Warren gave false statements under oath regarding Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
the problem you have ,your fighting for your own career,not for the middle class,jobs taxes,something that effescts us,sad.

Finally, something good out of OK this week.
as an Okie I agree it is a rarity
What wonderful news! You just made my day! Thank you!!!
little Hiawatha!
Trump: How fast can we destroy the plant Bannon: could take up to a month we still have to fuck over Women, Jews & Muslims.
But McConnell, Ryan and Chaffetz will try to stonewall the investigation. They need to be stopped.
He hasn't help Oklahoma one bit! I live here.
we're happy this happen.
will we see them before the vote!?
They need to RELEASE HILLARY'S EMAILS FIRST
Thank you for not giving up. #WarrenRocks
please hold off the GOP vote until those documents can be made public.
great keep up the good work of clogging up progress
So???? Love to see your e-mails released.
Warren2020
lmao
@realDonaldTrump More winning! Thank you Senator Warren!!!
And it will be about as eventful as all the other garabage u have been trying to get the public 2 believe ZERO! No one cares
EXCELLENT!!
Thank we love you keep it coming! !!
We need an investigation into how you got filthy rich on a government paycheck, Lie-a-watha.
Too little too late.  Farewell environment.  Goodbye clean air.  Goodbye clean water.
Keep us updated and let us know what we can do to help. I'm contacting my elected officials.
I've lost count of the #Trump #conflict of interests if business best practice was applied. Anyone counting?
DJT will never fill his cabinet. He won't be in office that long!
please put send them to Wikileaks so the rest of the world can see them. He's a danger not just for USA but for the world
he's in
Saweeeeet... :-) :-) :-)
What delicious irony if emails brought down a Trumpster
trumpster? Lol funny
GOP please--you gotta read them before the vote.
And then the @gop voted him in quick before we got results. #Shame
Move along folks... nothing to see here.  
Crooked as the day is long. Party before people
@SenateMajLdr WAIT to vote on Pruitt until these emails are released! You want to see another nominee resign?? @SenateGOP
i can tell u i will never vote for u u make me sick u are reason why the u s a is so divided
it will always be that way
