
Racist - you represent the worst of humanity.
Hypocrite
Get your visitors pass to see your wife.
Prayers for him! I'm sure he is glad that he has Obamacare to help out with his hospital bill!
your words arw never wanted no matter the situation. u stole americas money for school, you stole americas dihnity by ur words and actions.
#PHONYBITCH GETLOST> #SENATORKIDROCK
goofy Elizabeth Warren
Spare us the phony sentiment, squaw
I dislike McCain's policies, especially overseas, but he is a man with more integrity than any other Republican official nowadays.
No he is not... LOL. Hes still a backwards policy nutjob. Bur worse. Now he's more radical than ever. Teaming up with far left Dems..
Get back soon. The GOP knows it can count on your vote in choosing Party over Country every time.
Naw. He's a total traitor to the party, too.
Yes!
nobody fights like you Liawatha... nasty woman
So fake hearted.
Wrong and cruel. As a libtard I can tell you that Dems unlike Trumpsters care about good people.
For every 1 "cold hearted conservative", I can show you 5 "bleeding heart liberals"...thank God!
I hope you're right. Here's to hoping that ratio improves. 1 to 1 million works for me.
No disrespect, but @SenJohnMcCain should roll the dice and get some #ObamaCare-- see how that works out
I wish Sen McCain a speedy and complete recovery.
Thank you for being a great leaders and reminding Americans what a great leader looks like!
I sure hope he has health insurance otherwise he will DIE, amiright?
Look - see?  I can be "bipartisan!"
you are a burden to Massachusetts and a waist of money you have not done anything but lie and raise taxes
Our taxpayer funded healthcare is with you.
We need more people like you and John McCain. Authentic leaders
Like you like republicans, rack up one more fairy tell
Get well soon Senator McCain.
We don't want your pseudo-Cherokee fake sympathy.
 for @SenJohnMcCain
I think this man is a hero and a great American! Btw, I'm not a republican!
Like you care. Ridiculous.
Get well soon Sir

@SenJohnMcCain get well .. God Bless
He needs to get the right doctor to get him in good health
Honor Mccain by collab w dems & GoP to get that treacherous russian mafia leech & lackeys & kids out of the white house. #DOITNOW

McCain is a traitor! Not a hero never was. he gave away strategic classified information to the enemy!
Yep stay strong John, Now how about get the VA fixed and get off your hands and do something beside spend someone else's money..

You should do more to find technology to get rid of comets and astroid's a meteoroid.God bless
God bless for a speedy recovery ok.
Nevertheless he will persist
Ourvprayers are with you.
That is my point Liz, trekking through Pakistan? What a waste of taxpayer $$$ you are. Please America get rid of this Martian.
@SenJohnMcCain should be asked to use the same healthcare plan that a 64 year old would have gotten with the TrumpCare he supported!
Very sorry to hear @SenJohnMcCain has another fight on his hands. But who better to fight?
Right now would be a fantastic time for your first apology, Mr. President.
Thanks to AHC. Yeah, I know I should think of his pain. Do recover. I hope congress feels the same about 23 + millions that sabotaging = 
The Almighty Punished him from the Curse of Millions of Afghans, Iraqis, Libyans, Syrians, Ukrainians Murdered by his Armed Terrorists
last week he wanted to take hc away and was evil. At least we can find civility for a day. Tomorrow back to normal
Guess you saw Obama and Hillary giving support. Oh I better be like them is what you thought. So sincere. I bet that hurt so bad for you
This Dem is praying hard for our American Hero John McCain #hero #realman
sending healing thoughts Mr. McCain. You are a hero and a fighter. Win this battle!
Here at Wisconsin our hearts goes to Sen. John McCain speedy recovery
Why is Trump such a dick when it comes to McCain
Or is he just a dick
Crooks, All. Speedy recovery, swift justice. #AwanBrothers #DepletedUranium #WhitePhosphorus #SilkWay #Bulgaria #Congo #NADRA #ISIS
Isn't he fighting to kill poor people with his god awful cuts to future Medicaid spending increases??  I'm so confused.
 Amen. @SenJohnMcCain, you are a true American Hero, who stands up for what is right, regardless of political affiliation. Thank You 

Your so inept. But John is an American Hero. Not a Witch.
He gave us Palin, but I'll forgive him.
@SenWarren just wishing you could take his place.
You lose,  a hole
sit and spin dirtbag.
Oh I'm so sure. That's real sincere. You just dawged the republicans . Hypocrite, that's how you roll.

Oh now the Witch becomes human   Please don't tell me John is corrupt like you. Sad, but that's impressive (not) impression you garner!
A true hero. Thank you Sir and your in my thought and prayers.
Hug
Oh now the Witch becomes human   Please don't tell me John is corrupt like you. Sad, but that's impressive (not) impression you garner in Tx
SENATOR BECAUSE OF YOUR FAITH IN ME ;AND IN GOD; THIS IS NO COINCIDENCE ;HE WILL HEAL HIM PERFECTLY ;TO PROVE TO US !HAVE FAITH IN GOD !
I wish the republican healthcare bill would say somewhere "god will heal the sick"
You are a hypocrite. Please stop talking and pretending to care
Really? The guy who thinks it's unfair that Trump is being investigated, and Clinton isn't? The guy who wants to cut insurance for millions?
Another bot
I beg your great pardon?
so sad to hear...the only one that was actually left with a brain from #GOP
He is one of the great men in politics! So smart & a true patriot.
Must've taken your meds tonight because you seem like you actually have a conscious
Yeah, we need to keep up the supply of war criminals.
Lame
Lame to send well wishes to an American Hero?
you don't know history well
crashing 3 planes and not obeying orders Okay
Reports are 1967 wasn't his fault. Questions surround 1960. 3rd? Regardless have some respect for the man.
Agree with respect part no doubt, but not inflating a capture to hero
As much as I disagree with our foreign policy I am of the belief that every man and woman who puts on the uniform is a hero
