Why don't you run for President. You've got my VOTE!
Hey Pocahontas, @SenWarren
Niece of MLK accuses Warren of playing the "race card" by quoting Coretta Scott King  http://washex.am/2lsmIRq  
bless your heart
she's his niece, not Coretta's niece and she doesn't speak for the family...
but Pocahontas @senwarren speaks for her?  Really?
I think she forgot she said this about Sessions years later!
....OUCH! That must hurt! Sad so sad.... Get a grip woman, sleep and try again!
I'm not your president words don't hurt me. Cool story tho
Coretta Scott King Praised Sessions! 
Pocahontas only promoting herself--nasty ugly woman! Can we deport her? Poor Massachusetts!
bless your heart??

No: Thanks to YOU. And thank you for inspiring me, during a very dark time. I have few hero's, but you are one. #ShePersisted
You're better off with Jerry Lewis as your hero! At least he is comical! Warren just stupidity!
. @johnnybgood1959 @SenWarren So now conservatives want to tell me who my heroes can be, too? Our differences are what MAKE us. I love that.
There R no heroes. No Knights in shining armor! Only those who do the right things to protect and support this country!
Anyway bro. @SenWarren is doing just that, and her bravery in the fight against racism and misogyny is indeed heroic.
No one wants to see racism in this country! She can help by getting these protests stopped and all the cop killings!
No one wants to see racism?! We just put a person who was "too racist" to be judge in 80s as our AG!
Thanks for fighting for us#ElizabethWarrenforPresident
so tired of seeing you and your everyday every minute I gotta problem. Go back to your mansion and lock/throw away the key.
, Sorry, you sound like an old professor of mine who lectured as if we were children.  Turned me off instantly..

Thanks for sharing Coretta Scott King's1986 letter opposing Sessions’ nomination to become a fed judge, concerns still ring true
sad days for America.
of late feels like its a everyday
@MLCzone Why are the Dems not a united front against an obviously malignant narcissist?
We're still splintered by the sanders assault on our party, our process, and our integrity.
I absolutely agree! I'm not over his lukewarm endorsement of HRC. But we have to move forward united against Hitler.
@zeitgeistbabe @pannlewis44 @Mooncatadams #Veterans Psssttt.....NRA TeaParty Trump/Pence/Ryan/McConnell: Can You HEAR us now?
So you ignore the truth and keep on with this, even though her niece says you twisted the truth. You are not an honest person.
Totally typical biased bullshit from a Cambridge liberal fruitcake . Consumer Protection Bureau ? Bye bye
Her concerns were noted 30 years ago..Jeff Sessions voting record does not reflect the things you are saying today
Thank you, sorry you had to experience that awful man. We appreciate your hard work.
Obviously, u still have concerns. Can't u stop being partisan, even 4 a moment?
who are you? For real, who are you? Isn't your house in the millions? Unlock your doors and let the refugees in!
niece said shame on you for using the race card. Race card is getting old.
explain how they "silenced" you (not really) but not the men who read the same CSK doc?
Sessions is directly responsible for putting Stephen Miller, HIS staff and instrumental in this Muslim ban, into the WH.
So he's just as dangerous today as he was 30 years ago.  He's just learned to be polite about it according to Hatch.
30 year old letter based on false testimony. What a great show u put on and all those people u manipulated to make a donation.
Concerns that we will have to deal with for at least 4 years and the GOP will have to live with
Deal with it for at least 8 years. You'll need a lot of Play-Dough. Find a safe place and get more Play-Dough!
Thank You. We appreciate all you do!!' Just ignore Hellen B.
Stay strong and #ThankYou for your voice #ImWithYou 
not that many people Senator. You took a reading and benefited foe yourself. Smart people know what you did.
You mean these concerns? http://ln.is/thegatewaypundit.com/pGU25 …

#GOPThanksYou #GoingTooFarLeft #GOPWillWinForYearsNow
I see "Dances with Doners"is now channeling dead people.  Too much peace pipe #ConfirmSessions #POTUS
Your support of Sessions is equal to support of the KKK and racism.  Shame on you!
Stay strong @SenWarren !! #theResistance is with you, and in the end, we Will laugh & smile in the Sun again. #Believe
love you liz
You love Liz? Liz aka Pocahontas, will need a lot of feathers 2 fly out of US! Join her on the Greyhound to N Korea!
her niece spoke against you and how dare you use the race card.
@SenateMajLdr "Nevertheless, she persisted."  I will proudly teach these words to my daughters and granddaughters.
Do 'feelings' false allegations and personal attacks pass as facts now?
it's like listening to a pigeon coo...lots of noise but no one understands what your saying. Why are you even allowed to speak?
she gave him an award for his civil rights provides. You are a liar
i would love to have you walk north philly at night and watch your tolerance in action.
CSK was mistaken in her assumptions.  Gender and skin color doesn't make one immune from being wrong
only you

THANK YOU ELIZABETH...GO GET 'EM GIRL...peace & love  = equality
U broke the rules & got what U deserved,Filibuster is when U can indulge, R U delusional or just above the law? We say no 2 nasty
thanks to you we all see how pathetic the democrats have become.
race baiter that you are.
You should be run out of the Senate and the country on a rail Fakahontis!
All should read MLK Where Do We Go From Here, chaptr on White Baclash. Could have been written today and exposes Sessions/his ilk
You don't even know her
Did you even watch the interview her niece did? She doesn't agree with you! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
tell us more about CSK praising Sessions for Rosa Parks library.
nope, you are wrong again. Don't ever speak for me again you has been!
her niece told you to stop playing the race card miss moonbat
Millions? Hardly. Seems the only one that has a problem with him is you.
You act as if Blacks , Hispanics , and Women are all now doomed because Jeff Sessions is AG .. Ridiculous Exaggeration
Do you think Coretta Scott King was making up stuff about Jeff Sessions in her letter. Do you think she was bored and told a story?
A letter of "accusations" is hardly evidence Sessions is a racist , we white people get called racists ALL THE TIME 24/7
WHAT are those "concerns" ?? You think maybe Jeff is going to come to work in a sheet and pointy hat ??? Really ??
92% of the women who burnt their pies in Home Economics, became Feminists.
Thank U! He took a hate stand in the past. If he's changed, for grandkids sake he shouldn't be with Trump/Bannnon Team today. Bad
White woman reads words of black woman silenced b/c it offended a white man. So go find a white man. I know a guy. @BeauWillimon
Your own party @TheDemocrats had a senator in office years who was a former grand wizard of the KKK.Democrats are the true racist
If you haven't heard PRICE is in. You Fake Indian, go back to your tribe.
we don't care what you think and you don't speak for the majority of us American voters you are the racist party
YOU CONTINUE TO LIE ABOUT THIS LIKE YOU LIED ABOUT BEING INDIAN
stop using minorities to advance your goal
You FORGOT about THIS Coretta Scott King's letter warning of threat of liberal immigration on blacks https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/1502287/coretta1991.pdf …
How dare they silence words of King's Their speech; I hve a nightmare  Sme day we will divde our people by the colr of their skin
Watch the video from 2000.
. Coretta faulted you for using the letter for political grand standing and even defended Sessions.
who cares what she thought
what of the millions who think he should be there ?? They don't count right? Not part of your agenda #deplorables
why don't you go raise some more money somewhere.  that's all you're in it for.  another Hillary clone.  go away!
you're my hero. thank you for being brave and fighting for us.
Nope, only the stupid, lazy ass, no job, no life #basementdwellers are concerned, not Conservatives.
what make you think you can use her name you skinny little women
We are with you!
get them girl! Show them how it's done!

Pocahontas pisses off the King Family ...  
PLEASE SHOUT OUT FOR THOSE IN MOBILE, ALABAMA THAT DID A SIT IN IN JEFF SESSIONS OFFICE AND WERE ARRESTED ! LOVE YOU HOME FOLKS!
I think you should run for President in 2020.  Please consider it.
millions might have concerns, hundreds of millions do not.
Thanks to... Mitch McConnell?? lol
small town reading is CSK's letter at town hall in a blizzard. Feet for marching, voices for sounding, let's keep it going.
Actually ma'am Coretta's niece spoke out & demands you libtards quit using King name for political gain.
We ALL thank you for standing up when they told you to go back to your seat!! Don't give up! We won't either.
I wish more democrats will grow a set. You stand firm and keep going. The people are behind you. The dormant democrats will exit

doesn't matter now but I'm sure it's good for someone's book sales
thanks for reading the letter. The character of Jeff Sessions in the past and present matters. They want to give him more power.
Thank you
thanks 2 u
Don't misrepresent the King family. They can carry on MLKs legacy without your warped mind. #libtard
Please keep talking & fighting. America needs you -- badly.
Why don't you go back and watch Coretta Scott King thanking @SenatorSessions in 2000.
31 years ago.  How about talking with @AlvedaCKing
Unforunately it didn't stop him from getting confirmed.
..we are a team ..all of us.. communicate what you need done ..if we can, we will all move as a team with your lead
no..we are all sitting here feeling helpless..we owe our thanks to you for 'leading us in battle!' let's keep fighting
Idiot!!!
What makes a letter written years ago by the wife of MLK  so important to read so you can assassinate someones character
When did some ones concerns Become evidence of any kind of racism?She is Not MLK any more then U R JFK P.S.king was a Republican
Even more funny he was not racist until he was for Trump .Didn't the NAACP give him an award for his work? I think so
what about her letter against illegal immigrants?
you rock, fight the good fight for us and we are behind Elizabeth!
You are amazing and brave, thank you!
ur a complete fool and vastly unqualified for office.  have you forgotten what King said about Sessions in 2000?
was that before or after she told him what a great man he was?
..i love you Elizabeth Warren..#Speak up
Did you take your meds this morning? For 1, you should resign and 2. shut your lying trap!
I think you are nuts!  You are one of the reasons Democrats are loosing their seats.
Watch his every move and report to ACLU.
Please Senator, it is clear you didn't have all of your i's dotted and t's crossed. Would expect more from a Senator.
Millions??? Another Pocahontas lie. The millions you speak of have no idea who Jess Sessions is, but we all know who you are LIAR
Appears that the King/Sessions video tells a different story. Continue to run that mouth and tweet Senator.
but doesn't #Rule19 get suspended when the Senator in question is going for such a post ?
love you and thank you for not being silenced. You are brave and ruthless and a great role model
Thank you. Sincerely thank you.
. What the he'll is wrong with the rest of the democratic party?
Sessions is in Trump won, Pocohauntus lost
King gave Sessions a award, you fake Native American! You should represent your state and stop running for POTUS!
thank you Senator Warren and thanks to the scrappy Democrats who've been #resisting Trump's god awful cabinet nominees #blech
madam you USED Mrs King's statements for your own selfish gain.  Sit down madam or go home.  You lost my vote with all this crap
thank you for all that you do to stand up for this nation!
Are you going to let everone know about the concerns Coretta Scott King had about illegal immigration? No? Why not? Jus' teasin'
And still the segregationist south has risen again.
Hate to sound trite,  but you go girl
Thank YOU!
i'm still bothered that a letter could cause all this controversy.
Hey Lizzy maybe u better re-think this tweet
Her daughter says otherwise, Pocahontas.
You lied and now everyone knows it. You used her words for your own agenda. #LyinLiz   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmVAbxDgV2s …
You are disgraceful. Is it possible to impeach a Senator? You deserve it.
Pocahontas- you talk too much. Go cook and clean something.
The Kings have spoken. They don't want a white race-baiter like you quoting anything from their late great family members.
such a real disgrace how can you say things about him when you lied about your Indian descent shame on you
Yeah 30 freaking years ago! If you want to bring up the past how about the dems and KKK? #byrd #thurmond #lynching #hypocrite
When are we going to address the rabid paranoia the GOP continuously puts out there? Now to call my Senators about the rest.
and again...... millions are convinced you just like to fight....again, WHY GOP keeps winning! They RISE ABOVE!
spewing half truths Coretta thanked sessions. They moved on Dems are ruining own party lies Korea/Bush Keep talking #demsdone
you're a racist and a liar.
