SENATOR - GET A LAWYER - DRAW UP THE PAPERS - AND DO NOT SHOW UP - DO NOT VOTE - ORGANIZE DEMOCRATS - REFUSE - RESIST @SenWarren
Oh we are RESISTING. You've never seen resisting like this before. I just had coffee at 11pm.

What is the matter, Deplorable? Cat got your tongue?
Found you in the Share Blue troll follower list. You're a paid troll. @johnnyatab @Rosie @SenWarren
Malicious lies.
@skookerG we can't give GOP a precedent for denying Democratic Presidents a SCOTUS nominee in the future. #Block #Resist
Joe Biden was the precedent setter (see Biden Rule). Obama nominated Garland. Senate under no obligation to vote on him.
there is no such thing as a Biden Rule...Dems never acted on it.  Read the whole thing 1/2
Biden said wait until after election, not until next President.
But the argument still stands--Obama nominated Garland. The Senate is under no obligation to vote on him.
then that is the argument, not the made up "Biden Rule".
Argued by Biden in 1992, the "Biden Rule" was, in fact, timed to coincide with the Presidential election. #SoMuchForBeingMadeUp
was the "Biden Rule" ever used by Democrats?  Yes or No?
Where was @SenWarren's concern for the #FBI when Warren backed corrupt Hillary Clinton?  #FBImWithHer #FraudAlert
Neil Gorsuch is up for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court from a President whose campaign is under FBI investigation.
Where is HRC corrupt?
U have access 2 the internet, but I'll provide some articles for your edification; let me know if U want more.  @SenWarren
Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal http://nyti.ms/1PlHNFN  
@SenWarren
Clintons≈$200M ClintonFdn≈$2B
WarrenBuffett≈$65B Haiti–impoverished nation
 https://www.thenation.com/article/shelters-clinton-built/ …
@SenWarren
"Clinton Fdn Admits Speech Fees Are Not Donations…"
http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2015/11/21/clinton-foundation-admits-speech-fees-are-not-donations-will-hillary-amend-her-own-taxes-too/#3fd113413cd3 …
@SenWarren
The Clinton Foundation used a Canadian organization to hide foreign donations
http://nyti.ms/1PZmfzg 
@SenWarren
Where these ppl traitors?
full stop
Can't SOMEONE stand up & start a petition or something to stop ALL confirmations during the investigations?
@Angela60128024
I see you are a racist. Your mother must be so proud.
I see you are a typical Liberal:  revert to name calling when logic fails you.
Lol. Nice Tru. You sent a racist tweet. I made a statement. And your poor little feelings got hurt. Snowflake.
Oh let me correct my spelling...Nice Try
your hypocrisy is showing.
your anti Trump rhetoric is extremely boring and obviously an attempt at self-serving. You have very little to offer
So Hillary Clinton could never appoint anyone to SCOTUS? @SenWarren
Neil Gorsuch is up for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court from a President whose campaign is under FBI investigation.
She's not under investigation, nor was she on election day. Do try to follow along better.
and let's not even talk about the reasons and merits for each investigation, GOP excels at witch hunts
The FBI was under a Democrat POTUS when the agency investigated Hillary Clinton. #Guilty  @katekilla @Holden114 @SenWarren
FBI isn't under direction of POTUS.  Not Sure of point?
Response 2 FBI investigation was "GOP excels at witch hunts." It was FBI, not GOP. @Ziggy_Daddy @katekilla @Holden114 @SenWarren
but GOP led congress
Let us know when he's actually indicted or convicted of something, Pocahontas. 
please keep fighting. He shouldn't move forward until we know what is up with the investigation!
@stab3216 NOTHING should be allowed until investigation is over
would you prefer Pence nominate someone? They won't be less conservative than Gorsuch. There're worse judges.
Pence should be implicated too, and Ryan. No confirmation. Will need new election.
I think anybody the so called president put in there should be put out
guilt by association isn't justice. You need to prove someone did something wrong.
keep using Mattis because he's the one honorable figure in all this. He won't come out dirty
and congress jointly appointed him with strong bipartisan support. He's a great example why
evidence based accusations need to be the standard.
@ColMorrisDavis scary shit huh!
Neil Gorsuch is the next member of the Supreme Court. Stop spreading your cancerous rhetoric. Just go away. You're irrelevant.
doesn't take away from his stellar record or ability to be a successful #SupremeCourt justice. Stop pandering and do your job
when is the impeachment starting ??
Trump should be up for a liftetime appointment... to Gitmo!
I'm certain of your confusion...Obooboo should be up for investigation ---so many foibles -so much hate..
DELAY, SUSPEND, OBSTRUCT  I don't care what D's do, but let's not give Russia a Justice pick.
I agree with @russfeingold - legitimacy of court is at stake. #NoGorsuch
Feingold is a criminal himself. @MomRovin @SenWarren @russfeingold @guardian
and franken blew him up
Pretty obvious from your tweet that, like Hillary, you consider your supporters to be fools. I think you may be right.
Vote tomorrow?  Gorsuch has impeccable credentials:
If you want it .   I dont
.@SenWarren shld B investigated 4 LYING about being a #NativeAmerican knowing that #Harvard uses #AffirmativeAction.
Neil Gorsuch is up for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court from a President whose campaign is under FBI investigation.
And hes still not as corrupt as you.
You lost all credibility when you lied about being a Native American. 
Delete your account
@SenateDems You are a lot of talk but you can't do anything to stop this and you know it. Just riling up your debased base.
so then it's ok with you that Republicans hijacked the checks and balances system of the Supreme Court?
How did they do this?  By appointing activist judges?  That's Dems MO.
no judges were involved in stalling Obama's nomination, what are you talking about? It was all Repub Congress
and he will be the next #SCOTUS!  Thank you #Democrats!
When the people find out what a fraud you are, you will be next !!! How is your "nasty" partner Clinton doing ? You deserve each other !!
@CeleryCaraway Stop it now!
Looney Left wanted killary as president #hypocrites
Your friend HRC was running for President while under FBI investigation & you didn't have a problem. #hypocrite Explain the difference
So how'd that Neil Gorsuch thing work out 'fer ya Pocahontas? LOL 
@SenateDems Last time I checked, you're innocent until proven guilty in this country. We are blessed with a great SCOTUS nominee.
You sold your country to Russia for 1 SCOTUS seat!
I'm curious: did Garland's nomination "expire"? Was there no legal obligation for a confirmation hearing on him?
There's no legal obligation for confirmation hearing & many justices have been confirmed without. Just Grandstanding op
@sashaalexander are you still an Indian?
are you still a traitor? You sold out our country to Russia for a SCOTUS seat

Hillary RAN FOR PRESIDENT while under FBI investigation.
no The Dems are .. unmasking ring a bell fauxahontas
because the director of the FBI is in the Clinton payroll?
@christoq Even if Trump kicked out, Pence will just appoint someone worse.  Not sure what Dems are shooting for here.
new election is needed. Pence isn't legitimate either
Shut Ur damn mouth JOKEAHONTOUS. Not one person cares WTF U say. Many ppl have said NO COLLUSION. Dems R only ones still crying.
@Newyorker2212 There should B no votes on anything until investigation is over.Cant let illegitimate pres pickSupreme Court judge
yeah and Hilary should of never been able to run. Bummer
Your pres is under investigation 4collusion w/Russia.Geesh! What's wrong w/U?He's not campaigning now!

@sashaalexander can't we halt the vote on him???
Absolutely RIDICULOUS! If this was @HillaryClinton they would burn her at the stake! And all that LOCK HER UP BULLSHIT! #USWTF!
@clate2001 meanwhile South Sudan, Juba. Starving while Billionaires Bickering for Golden Parachutes... Booo Senator Booooo
FOR TREASON!
and you supported a woman for President that was under FBI investigation.
FILIBUSTER THE CRAP OUT OF THIS, I BEG OF YOU! #StolenSeat #misogynist #constitution #SeparationOfChurchAndState
No Confirmations until Trump Admin Russian collusion investigation is complete! #Impeach45 #RESISTANCE
#EightisEnough No hearing for Garland. Gorsuch should have declined..if he had any sense of justice or ethics. #filibuster
oh shucks.

How does this make him unfit for the Supreme Court?

stop the non sense!
Obstruct, obstruct, obstruct
@MoveOn can the Democrats in Congress declare a national emergency, demand independent investigation and STOP all business?

I'm still trying to wrap my head around how you've kept your job Pocahontas.
Democrats must halt participation in these hearings with #FBI investigation of @realdonaltrump ongoing
#integrity #illegitimate
Correction: Neil Gorsuch is up for a lifetime appointment that is not his.
@ShaunKing this should be stopped now until the investigation is done. #notmypresident
The Russian narrative has died x10, you sure didn't mind running Hillary while she was under investigation! Corrupt and stupid!
illegitimate presidents can not appoint legitimate SOTUS!!!
Pause on this nomination NOW!
REMINDER: You support d a candidate that was under federal investigation during her campaign #StillAHypocrite
hypocrite!! If it fits your narrative say it right? Oh, you lied about your heritage to advance your career. Not a good record!!!
....and to think....We owe all of this to Harry! Thank you Harry! We couldn't have done it without you!
You took a job as a minority for your high cheekbones
Can't wait until @gehrig38 mops the floor with you in midterm elections.  Your liberal schtick is getting old. What have you done for USA?
You should go back to your teepee. Oh wait they don't want you there either,
And fake American Indian says what? @SenWarren
BS that's all you spew,and the ignorant follow you.
Thank you!
@KPanekvogel Quiet Pocahontas.
You endorsed a candidate who was under FBI investigation who had 30,000 deleted emails.
So what? That doesn't have a thing to do w/his excellent credentials. Remember this?
So your party is crooked but then turns around and tries to convince others that it's the other party. What is that called??
@LoraFisherPOV an illegitimate POTUS should NOT be picking a SCOTUS judge.
Thus, you will vote "no." @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray as well.
the same President whose supporters screamed "lock her up" during the campaign!!! Hypocracy at its best.
#StolenSeat
you are a joke!! I forgot that Hillary wasn't under FBI investigation while running for president.........oh wait, she was!!!
if our laws and lawmakers cannot or will not intervene; who will stand up for We the People?! How can we rise up?!
it's not like he claimed to be Native American or anything he wasn't!
all politicians should be under a constant FBI investigation. 4 year moratorium on lobby jobs. No retirement plan. 100% clarity.
as apposed to your candidate who was under FBI investigation. Please take @NancyPelosi with you and just go away
Never thought anyone could pass pelosi as far as delusion but your running a close second. #MAGA #fakenews
let this sink in can? Ur a zero. Ur party are all zeroes. Ur fraudulent and corrupt to ur very core. Might be time to face it.
you will be in an institition by year 7 of this presidency haha #MAGA
vote no
... maybe do something about that?
@ElissaBass read through this novel of fiction. Ma'am you've met your match and no..I'm not speaking of President Trump either!!!
Ms. Warren. I have always tried to be fair and listen to both parties.  I am ashamed of the way you have treated the President.
#trumprussia
Yes, this is total BS.  Pres under investigation 4 treason should NOT be allowed to nominate SC judges.  Absolutely NOT.
@montetjwitter11 @chuckschumer @SenFeinstein Call McConnell's bluff and filibuster Gorsuch. He is dangerous. @PPact @HRC
@EdWhelanEPPC @SenWarren @montetjwitter11 @chuckschumer @SenFeinstein @PPact @HRC Didn't u support HC under investigation? Fool
He said he couldn't get a prosecution. Not innocent. Big difference dummy.
@kalpenn No vote until the Russia investigation is concluded - STOP Gorsuch hearings now
@maxtastrophe a political investigation.   Not stealing billions from Clinton Foundation.
I'm uncomfortable with the number of spaces you use after punctuation. You are clearly a Russian plant.
which is why there should be a halt on anything from them. No orders, no bills, no appts.
Filibuster!
what can you do to stop it!
we get it but we should focus on #NeilGorsuch and his views.  He will last longer than #trump
Don't you believe Gorsuch would wait until affaire de Trump is resolved before accepting a lifetime appointment?
Help!  How can he be approved when his nominator is under investigation?  Double standard much? Merrick Garland!
PLEASE STOP THIS! We've  been ATTACKED by Russia.Our election has been stolen.We must not accept this or we invite more of same
@FntsyWlkr he was elected just to put that nominee, even if he won't last a #100 day Americans are better of with SC JUSTICE
All of you must STOP this Admin until we know all facts 45* & Putin. No appt No policy No EO and any/all from day 1 null & void!
filibuster- principled and game theory proven stand . Go for it ! 
@AnitaFinlay   No, must wait until we have legitimate potus
Stop the nominee!
@GeorgeTakei Judge the man fairly not the Bozo that nominated him
drain the swamp I hope you're first on the list
Oh really.  But a Candidate that was under investigation was OK?  This is a yes or no question.  Betcha fail
oh! The irony
Funny, you strongly supported a Presidential nominee who was under FBI investigation!
But only one person hijacked a native American heritage. It wasn't Trump or Gorsuch! 
#Fauxcahantas
We need some new laws aimed at all elected officials esp POTUS to make sure we aren't put in this destructive situation again.
and there's nothing you can do to stop him.
Honestly he is the least of my concerns now. There are worse choices. We need to focus on the many worse things Trump is doing. @SenWarren
wow, too many Americans keep justifying DJT and his actions, by continuously bringing up Hrc. putin has really got y'all confused
no vote !!! No one should have been able to vote for trump!!!
STOP HIM!!!!!! Please!!!!!!!!
your party used tapped phone calls for political gain.... can you say espionage. That's what police states do. PRISON!! #MAGA
so stop him
This is pure politics Liz, bad for country. Please stop.
@Rose_Bites HOLD. The nomination is illegitimate. This "President" is illegitimate. This election was illegitimate. #SenateHold
And you are a Democratic Fundamentalist lying Socialist Cult Member.  I trust Donald much more than I trust you.
the FBI investigation should be a nom-starter to nominate a Supreme Court justice
please walk out and do not allow any confirmation until FBI investigation is complete!
Put a STOP TO IT. 

MOVE TOWARDS IMPEACHMENT.
gee, so was your candidate for President!
@giraffeguy1962 Trumps just taking away y'all s Crooked PAY to PLAY lifestyle!! Dem have misused the SYSTEM far to LONG !!!
Senator with all due respect, I watched the hearing & lots of us get that.So what is the plan besides twittering?
#nuclearoption. Thank you, #harryreid
. UGH!! This is totally unacceptable .Thank you for your hard work..I really appreciate it.
how would you change the law to fix this? It seems impossible under a republican system of government with separation of powers.
Senator Warren, you are correct that the time is not right for this. What if President Obama's pick could be up at the same time?
- we would be stuck with him forever! VOTE NO on Neil Gorsuch
my head hurts
Your lies to further yourself using native Americans gives you no grounds to speak about one of the best nominations ever to be presented.
Get real. You supported a person under criminal investigation. #hypocrite #senatorcrazytalk
until this is settled ALL appointments etc should be suspended
They are trying to rush this guy.
and you are no indian???
 u libtards are dangerous....its actually scary
and I would further argue that the death of the former justice should be under FBI investigation
..and Killary's campaign wasnt under investigation when u endorsed her?!! U are a racist hypocrite and WILL B VOTED OUT!! B READY
And guess what, he's the smartest person in the room.
Delay the hearing.  GOP willing to go 13 months w/out. Couple more won't matter.
And you supported and voted for Hillary who was under an FBI invedtigation.
This is insane to watch this unfold.
We need to pause the vote on Gorsuch until Trump/Russia problem is resolved.
don't just talk, do. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
#Fauxcahantas speaks with forked tongue
Democrats should walk out of the hearings
Resist, and many citizrns will back you, I know I will.
#StopGorsuch
If legitimate 44 doesn't get Garland, illegitimate 45 doesn't get Gorsuch. #No2Go #NoGo
please stop this madness! No confirmation until investigation is over!!
@REALDONALDTRUMP
DEMS NEED TO GET OVER LOSING. THE VAST MAJORITY SPOKE AND DID NOT WANT CORRUPT CLINTON OR GLOBALISM. Surprised?
Gorsuch should be evaluated on his merits, regardless of who nominated him. Altho seat should be Garland's.
what does that have to do with justice Gorsuch's qualifications?
No vote! His entire election is suspect.
I say we support NOTHING and NO ONE our President Putin wants.
shitty point
Hard pass. Thank you.
I dare Democrats to get soft.
