Did she vote republican or democrat?
What the hell does that matter??????
At a human level, nothing. But how you vote or not vote, matters. The mean spirited politics of the US are of the voters' making as well.
So because she might have been mislead by politician's and she gets it now they can't speak up now a lot were mislead
I bet we all choose more carefully from now on
I hope you're right but I'm more cynical.
I have to keep the hope i am truly scared and not just over healthcare
You have to have hope. But how did Trump mislead the electorate? He campaigned on exactly who he is & Americans liked it.
Then suggest something instead of complaining. Do your job and maybe you can help Americans instead of being a #rabiddogs
She's suggesting we keep and strengthen Obamacare and Medicaid.... how is it not clear that's what she's fighting for?
No one currently on medicade is being cut off. Did you explain that to her or did you lie as usual ?
That's a lie from Pence. The proposed funding will not meet the actual need - which means people WILL be cut off.
Its future medicaid expansion being cut back. Medicaid currently consumes 9.8% of the federal budget.Out of control
That expansion cut back means sick people who need coverage will not get less/treatment. /1
When they have a crisis and go to the emergency room they won't be able to pay. /2
And everyone who has insurance (like me and presumably you) will pay for that with higher premiums. /3
Also I don't mind that some of my taxes go to care for sick people and kids and the elderly.
A lot more of our taxes go to things like fossil fuel subsidies or tax breaks for oligarchs.
Congress's Republicans began this repeal chant 7 years ago.  They are so out of touch: American's want better not worse healthcare.
Stop artificially stimulating demand in the health care sector! Government action is driving costs through the roof!
Nope. Private insurance costs do that. Ask any healthcare provider how much overhead private insurance adds. /1
The idea that universal gov't-funded health coverage is more expensive than what we have now is a lie only Americans believe. /2
actually, a british model is about 10B cheaper or something
Yep. For-profit insurance creates ridiculous overhead. We're getting swindled.
Don't understand why people don't see this. it's not hard math, just apply a country's cost for their total pop., convert it USD and run 1/2
2/2 a proportion
Time to revisit funding for #chip. We are failing our children in need! @gop @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Here's a question if Ocare completely dies callapses on its own wieght how many Americans will loose healthcare and what is the Dems plan
Hardworking Americans should not be lying awake at night worrying about getting needed medical care, meds, therapies, etc. It's not right.


Obamacare would if made her pay thousands being middle class.No cuts to medicaid.Obamacare cut 716 billion from medicare
Consider the @GOP malevolence:

Selling a Medicaid cut for decades in hopes to diminish a social service affecting everyone.

For tax cuts.
You are hurting people by not telling the truth.
stop the scare tactics, typical political move. What did they do before 2008,were people DYING in the streets?
Work Union live better! Thank you.
Mrs Warren. Educate yourself and quit scaring people. Medicare is not going to be cut. That is a flat out lie.
Obamacare is dead... done!
YOU cannot save everyone.  YOU cannot keep everyone on Medicaid! Medicaid is what killed Obamacare! I know, WE are paying for them all!

I look back on my family tree and notice a lot of children died in the past. What's going to happen when the # of disabled exceeds workers?
I'm a nurse with 30 yrs on the battlefield for medical care for all. We'll join you in this fight and win.
When Dems want to slow the growth of Medicare - good government..  When Republicans want same thing - they are killing people!!  Hypocrisy!
Kids for political gain. Can't NEGOTIATE with adults.  Despicable Liz Warren.  Lies and scare tactics. Un-American. SAD. #MAGA

Snow flake
Not hardly.
Big loud snow flake.
Poor thing.  Can't read the English language. Sad. #MAGA
Why is she and her son on Medicaid? Oh I know, I have to pay their way. Ain't that right Native American?
A lot of single Moms working and raising special needs children, my daughter is one of them.
Can we be honest?  Cuts=not as much of an increase.
None it is all scare tactics by Demoncatcs

Get the people off who should not be on it - or can work, and there will be plenty of money for Nickolaus.
Talk talk talk won't make the spin true!!
NO CUTS - JUST SLOWING THE GROWTH.  THINK YOU WOULD KNOW THAT!!   Did you clear it up for Chantel?  Doubt it.  No truth telling.
Explain to me again why we need Medicaid? Obamacare was supposed to solve all of our health insurance problems.
WTF do they keep calling it #BetterCare when clearly it's just a tax break for the wealthy?
Before you get upset, it's important to research for yourself what's in the bill.  The media is nothing but propaganda meant to divide.
Meanwhile. Folks still losing healthcare due to Obamacare
We need Medicare for all.
At who's expense?
if POTUS spoke to everyday hard working families would he then say let OBAMACARE fail?I believe he work with Dems to fix it make it a WIN
Shame on ALL politicians for their lack of compromise! Dems w resistant r just as bad as Republicans that cant agree! DO YOUR JOB!
well? Don't you have state guards helping that in Medicaid?
Stop pandering to press and do your job, bloated government
I'm glad that's just one honest story. But what about the 41% of able bodied Americans who don't work and leech off tax payers?
Elizabeth! Why are you not addressing the horror Obama care has caused millions of middle class? Why!? You and the other democrats? Why!??
What does it mean? Or are you guessing#senWarren
But Trump supporters don't seem to care either. Hopefully they don't have family members who will need!
YOUR policies expanding Medicaid will destroy this safety net for kids, babies, and pregnant mothers...false implications u r making!
NOTHING!...kids ARE covered by Medicaid...and YOU know it!  Irresponsible to stoke fear and division just to control votes, power.
You & Planned parenthood have been EXPOSED!!!https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
If you supported policies,such as tax reform,individual, corporate,& pass through entities,to grow GDP more can afford their own insurance.
A lot of Americans very worried about fate of Medicaid.My sister&her son are worried.What humane reasons does the GOP have 4 cuts
Wall Street doesn't care about your silly sob stories, Senator. They've killed kids for profit for decades./ No quarter, please. Thank you.
Should leave Obama care with you dizzy Lizy
@SenateGOP @GOP love to talk about values. Do they value billionaire greed & a "win" for Trump over Nicholas & families like his?
Notice where our GOP-controlled govt proposes to put most of our tax dollars: war, walls & billionaire tax cuts. THAT is what they value.
Their "healthcare" plan will rip vital, life-saving healthcare from 22 million people. They call themselves "pro-life"? No they're not.
110 Billion Dollars in Medicare and Medicaid abused in Fraud and Career Politicians Profiting from it. Time for TERM LIMITS 
Obamacare is a disaster repeal it now -
Ask trump for help he def will a great guy
That's a lot of money that could go to help American families struggling and help Medicare  etc! You have to stop this
Warren you are #fakeindian and will lose to @va_shiva - modern senator wth superior economic idealogy, and stronger resume
If @SenWarren is so concerned what the new healthcare bill will cover maybe she should get her head out of her a%s and help to improve it
I talk to my friends & family members which got screwed by ObamaCare & Obama's Lies! Keep your coverage, cheaper? Freaking LIAR!
Why doesn't a full time sheet worker's job have decent benefits is the question? Is this why Obama/Hillary policies lost?
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Warren.
Fox news will say they are moochers. Why so many stupid people in US?
#ElizabethWarren why you lying
I'm curious. What do your Republican  senators say when you bring this to their attention.  ? Tough. ? Who cares
Well unlike liberals she needs to READ it first!!!!
Why don't you pay his expenses????
Im worried about what it means for all my clients.  Sigh..
Doesn't the UNION provide Healthcare?
do you know that  Loretta  of REO  in Pocono 's  trespasses on people's property  it's called trespassing  https://www.reoindustrydirectory.com/blog 
@GOP #Trumpcare Plan Is NOT About Health, It IS About Long-Premeditated  Murder Of Tens Of Thsnds Of Poor, Sick & Old 2 Benefit Richest 10%
Another politician out of touch with reality just stay in that mansion mrs. Warren
Im to worried about my own health and no current health ins to worry about somebody else. #screwingthemiddleclass
Did you explain to her about how your ACA plan would bankrupt the nation, then no one would have medical care?
The good folk on Msrthas Vineyard will help,thats what democracy would look like!!!
The union did not have the coverage without Medicaid?

Stop lying annd scaring people
Then have pocahontis pay your premiums, she has stole enough to do it.
And I supposed you filled her head with all kinds of "facts" didn't ya?
using a child to further your agenda
Warren, you provided no means to pay for going from 4% of the population being on Medicaid, to 20%. Congress should have to pay this.
so the country bankrupts for your blee ding heart ....lefty dogma...
My wife's policy cancelled Q4/16? Replacement policy deductible tripled. Tks so much!
This is a poignant and powerful video. Thank you. It says it all.
Ur using single stories to fear monger. U can always make a case either way. D-bag move
Scare tactics again. Pocahontas you are a blockhead, maybe a meathead, as are all your Democrat Partners in crime.
But Massachusetts has the greatest state healthcare ever, no?
If you truly cared you would have gone to visit them. You used Chantel so you could say you talked to a commoner. Shame on you Warren!
We are with you ! Keep fighting for Nicholas and others who need these services!
I see you're back on the fear mongering train!
once again Senator Warren, what exactly have you done in the last 8 yrs to prevent the implosion of the healthcare marketplace? nada! zilch!
Well Elizabeth I don't think it's the gov job to get everybody insurance .what we need to do is regulate what the insurance company can't do
That would mean what it means to every hard working Am. Oh sorry she is a Dem. That cuts out hard working. 4 hand out seeking, get a job
In Soviet Russia, bootstraps pull you up.
Republicans could care less about you or our country..this bill will definely cause deaths 2 many Americans just 4 tax breaks 4 1%ers
Quit playing the system dizzy Lizzy. Your plan was a joke from the beginning and you knew it smart people and stupid plan designed to fail
ELIZABETH...why don't you speak to the people...WHY DID YOU VOTE NO TO AUDIT THE FED! SHAMEFUL. $9 TRILLION COULD GIVE HEALTHCARE TO ALL!
I'm beginning to believe it will never end. Horrible to think 4 years of this. Help!!
MA: "F" rating for welfare reform. Keeps people "trapped" on welfare while doing nothing to elevate out of poverty.
I love your spunk!! We have seen the most horrible actions from Trump, so many lies, his people and family lie. Their like the mafia.
People will die in debt & from things that could have been prevented w/ proper medical care & coverage. There will be blood on GOP hands.
This dems care?.want single payer step closer to socialism country.
Wake up people..dems put US ALL in this spot with OC.
Warren is very generous with giving away taxpayers hard earned money, her Consumer Financial Bureau is a scam.
What cuts?. It will just slow the growth and get rid of abuse.
Something you communist pigs dont want..
Stop the lies!
Please stop putting fear in to life's
Over $15.4 Million in MA healthcare fraud in FY 2016. How about u work to clean that up?

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.masslive.com/v1/articles/19673941/auditor_suzanne_bump_identifie.amp …
Then you should tell her the truth that Medicare is not being cut. Stop the lying and fearmongering. #fakenews
This is all a plot that has to make the poor even more poorer. It's suppose to be for every single person but yet again the poor suffer
Voting doesn't make fantasy a sustainable reality or democracy would be easy.
Our victims are better than your victims. Give it a rest Dems & Repubs. stop politics, fix disastrous ACA or go home
You are not very practical are you Warren?
Such an important story. Hard working family!!!
Show me where the death rate has dropped since oboma care was implemented
THEIR CAMPAIGN SHARED NOTHING ABOUT THEIR HIDDEN AGENDA! GOES TO SHOW HOW ROTTEN! THEY COULD GO TO HELL AND WE'D NEVER MISS THEM!!!!
Able bodied persons of working age should not be receiving Medicare benifits.
Keep up the fight
There are no cuts in Medicaid Pocahontas.  You lie.
hello pretty how are you doing
Thank you Senator Warren for your service.
What's wrong with you?  Are you that stupid?  I have always worked hard and paid my own bills!
This story is absolute BS.  As a union worker who works has good insurance and should not need the taxpayer pay his bills!
I'm a nurse who works for families of medically fragile children who need you to keep fighting for us. Thank you!
And you didn't correct her mistake and tell her current Medicaid recipients weren't cut? You didn't tell her not to worry? Thought not. #lie
Like me worrying about my daughter's epilepsy health coverage w/Medicaid.
And what is,your plan..  let premiums rise so she can't afford it
If Americans truly cared for each other, you would have had universal single-payer healthcare decades ago like civilized countries did.

That's an issue but there's many more criteria by which to measure overall quality.

Has the whole Republican Party colluded with the Russian government or are they just protecting the $ from rich donors if they are quiet?
I'm worried about what continued socialist creep will do to her son's country. Not once has gov contl prvded a better result. See Venezuela

140 Billion in annual Medicaid fraud and Dems are campaigning on the backs of sick kids at the prospect of slowing increases.
Don Jr. Is a good kid...very few are worried about him, why? He needs help, so I will pardon him! I help people's sons, at least mine!
All those fake #CharliesArmy "Christians" who also support a healthcare plan tht could prevent US babies from the care they need can f-off
Did you tell her to buy some insurance?
Trust that God will supply All your son's needs!!
Well if you stop lying about it to her, she wouldn't be so worried.
Why is someone not investigating Dianne Feinstien and her husband Richard Blum,for conflict of interest. Check their gov. Contracts out.
$20 trillion in natl debt - we need a more limited program to replace Medicaid as it's spending continues to increase at unsustainable rates
So many families like this...thank you for sharing this!
There are no cuts to existing cases stop lying please.  Also his medical should be mandated to cover his family by law.
They weren't concerned when millions of Americans were being screwed by the ACA.

Maybe, because of this one story, everyone will fall head over heels with socialism, and everything will be free.
Still cherry plcking Warren?? Understand why HRC called you the Worm in private,And that would be a compliment if compared with other names
Thanks for this worthless piece of information. Do you ever do anything meaningful? All I ever see is hair-on-fire fear speak.
What about my children? I can't pay for everyone!!
That is why they have charities.
I'm afraid you're appealing to the @GOP 's humanity & they don't have any. Is that sociopathy or psychopathy? can never keep them straight.
Psychopaths are born and sociopaths are made, I think, so prob a mix.
Despite people telling you that you have a right to healthcare, it is not a right. You do not have a "right" to what someone else provides
Lying Warren there is no cut there is a pull back in the increase only
Moving them from medicaid to a standard insurance is better for them. More freedom. More coverage.
So stressful.. so sad.
Hoaxahantas
I think his parents are the best of us. We need affordable health care.
@Scavino45 @MorningsMaria Tell ppl truth~cut not a cut. U did 0 to repair ACA 7yrs ~ U colluded in x deaths n fam destroy.
Pointless to try to fix w/ GOP in control of Congress.
Now there's an attitude. Thanks for not being around during revolution. Fortitude is not a gene.
This video shows what will happen when Medicaid is cut,
This is my son Xavier and his son Damien my so works also but without Medicaid I don't know what Damiens life would be, so yes we know.
What your going through ppl don't understand how these services help and give our kids grandkids a fighting chance. Alabama is one state too
Your son looks awfully young to have a child. Why didn't he wait until he was on better financial footing before starting a family?
Hey Lizzy, how would Dem's handle Charlie Gard? Let him die? Dem's use of death panels, no remaining useful life. Hypocrite's!
I'm worried for my nephew with Muscular Dystrophy and my dad with Alzheimer's.  Thank you for fighting #healthcareforall
@SenToomey how can you keep supporting a bill that would put people at risk for death and stop their quality of life? #NoBCRA #saveACA
Thank you @SenWarren for representing American values. This is hard work these days...it shouldn't be this hard. We appreciate you!
Puke
we r 20trillion in debt of course we will help people that need it dems want us 2 get where we can't borrow single payer is ur gl
I so agree. In this fight with all of you.
I live in a community hard hit by opioids which are notoriously over prescribed by Medicaid providers. Virtue signal much Liz? FOH
Fear mongering
Hard truth is if you cant support yourself or kids then dont have them until you can.
Not others job to support you.
Love how leftists use kids to scare the American people.
Keep fighting!
We spoke to 280 million Americans recently who wondered what Obama care collapsing would mean to us ????
Someone needs to tell the Republicans that they are NOT Royalty or special class citizens! This country is not just for the wealthy.
This should most certainly be our focus. Rather than Russia.
How about both?
