Sen Warren I used to with w Jack Getman at UT Law & now am the ED at RHF- supporting active duty and families in affordable ways in nature.
Soldiers started a Walden-like spot close 2 Ft Bragg 2 reintegrate & deal w stress w free social cohesion activities
There are Indian(Native American) groups who provide ptsd assistance to vets via sweat lodges. VA sanctioned. Does help.Not Warren tribe lol
Romans debriefed their troops upon discharge. We dont. Confederacy took care of their vets, we dont. Politicians only care about politicians
Regardless of party so dont feed me your political biases people. Youre thoughtless lemmings to me. Vets come home & see u bickering over bs
Never forget day after election where Warren says "I'll oppose everything..." #draintheswamp  Promote free tuition but receives $500k teach.

You've been a US Senator this long and finally thought to ask this question? Truly disgraceful.
All of a sudden this now matters to you? I doubt that.
If you don't make room for people to learn then you have no place in a Democracy.
If democrats ever learned anything, they would stop voting democrat.
You a Putin lover too I see
Wasnt trump who sold 20 % of our uranium to putin. It was Hillary. Amazing how commies cant crack a toilet server but do voting machines
Despite Obama admitting in December that Russians did not hack our elections nor were involved in any way with election tampering. Pay attn
Everyone have so much to say but you really have no idea how much we sacrifice. My husband is a disabled veteran and I am a 30 yr veteran !
ASK a VET!
Here's a thought. Have a CIC The doesn't denigrate the US & it's Intel community in eastern EU pandering to a foreign power that attacked us
Warren Is A Supreme 
Remained Seating During A Standing  Ovation For Fallen Hero At Capital, She Hates Veterans Wake The Hell Up
No, she doesn't use military widows for personal brownie points. This was disgraceful Trumps ignorance got that SEAL killed & used his wife
Why didnt you ask your friend Bernie? Ranking member for veterns affairs
...oh cuz he screwed it up
Make sure they have essential health benefits!!!
LMAO really Obama reduced military & Hillary watch they die in Bengozy NEXT QUESTION Stupid is why Demo lost Give me a hint on who shot next
If you must ask then you arent doing anything to help.People of all parties are helping our vets despite both parties political interference
This tomahawking Pink Mosquito, looks a lot like a Red Nose, Irish Pit bull bitch! I can't guess the clan, but it's obvious, she's no Chief!
AMAZING, IN CORRUPT DC ALL THIS TIME AND NEEDS TO ASK A REPUBLICAN WHAT THIS COUNTRY NEEDS TO DO TO ASSIST OUR VETERANS. U R ' HYPOCRISY '
By paying you less
Less than .05%. The same percentage of your ancestry to Native Americans. Why don't you first try supporting the truth about your ethnicity?
Well @GOP just introduced bill to make vets pay back for GI bill. Throw that away!
By supporting our POTUS and establishing America first policies and by Congress balancing our budget! But we know you won't do any of that!
The Trump admin is not supporting you, but Senator Warren is--she works for the middle class and Trump is against you. Check your facts.
Unless you're a super wealthy white guy. If that's the case, Trump is on your side.
Delusional you are. Wise you are not. Results speak for themselves. So do facts
And we should listen to a grown adult who speaks Yoda? Actually, you are wrong and Len is exactly on target.
This is a first ! You don't give a damn about the military or the veterans ! There must be a vote there !
We must do better. It's #imperative people.

We have a duty to fulfill as citizens - even while the puppet master prepares for the abortion.
Pandering again!
Thats because you never did why try now #FakeIndian
WHY DIDNT YOU THINK OF THAT BEFORE- TRUMP IS THE ONE TAKING CARE OF THE MILITARY FAMILIES THE DEMOCRATS DIDNT - AND YOUR A DEMOCRAT
Don't treat the caregivers like we're invisible, we're the ones who are keeping it together
Dem do not support Veterans like Trump supports Veterans & Law Enforcement. Keep working Stop cheating students
Just leave it to DT. Thank you!
Bring back the draft or make it mandatory to serve in the  military. Several other countries require some sort of civil service why don't we
It took 4 years to ask sitting squaw

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Lame news...get your facts right...7.3% of US population is either active military or veterans. How dare you lie to fellow dems and nation.
We spend so much on weapons, how about more on THEIR salaries & benefits? We ask too much of them & their fams!

Simple. Stop giving money to illegals and sanctuary cities and put it to help veterans and military families. FFS it's not brain surgery.
So simple of a solution for u unhappy ppl. Move to another country.. Ur hateful words mean nothing if u stay. WIMPS. #MAGA

Please post to fb...as a veteran this needs more attention. Recently I came under fire from ppl w/o this connection. Thanks
Give Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Presumption Of Exposure To Agent Orange Pass S422&SConRes12 Please Find The Funding
Vote republican?
No soldiers = No war =No homeless veterans =No mental health disease etc etc etc... #facts
It is wonderful knowing you are out there taking the punches for me .
One way to support our military is to cosponsor S 66 which repeals the Disabled Veterans Tax; a paid by 2 million vets.& their families.
Dems haven't done anything for our military families... But you say you do...... lies and just trying to get votes
Let's throw money (aka welfare) at them and they might vote dem in the next election. POCAHONTAS,  their not that stupid
Bring the troops home, help them heal, stop this madness of endless war
You can start by giving them what they have coming to them, instead of giving it to non- military people.
Try 1% Senator...

Give them a gold insurance card to any hospital!  Also reduce our politicians insurance programs ...
You only care because you want to run in 2020. Pres Obama pretended too until elected. 08-16(my last yrs) no money for training, equipment.
You probably voted for Sequestration too.
Thanks for everything you do. Please don't let all these mentally handicapped Republicans get you down. Fight for right.
What a phony!
Bring back the draft and watch out how fast we stop fighting illegal wars and destroying other countries.
You can support military families by getting out of the way and letting Donald Trump handle it. You failed already.
Reinstate the draft. Fastest way to convince ppl to end war.
That's because nobody want to join the military because you Democrats we treat our soldiers like shit.
Thank you for raising awareness of  #HiddenHeroes like me across the country!
Pay the family members who were poisoned and injured or killed on US Marine Corps bases.  It's still happening in 2017! Act now.
Really, Tells us more about you being Native American! Your'e Not!
When did Sen. Dole become so young, her face is flawless? Just wondering.
That's easy, support your democratically elected president!
Warren can support military by shutting up if u have nothing good to say or better stop using military for photo opp u shame less dog
You should learn from our soldiers and support any President in office even President Trump. Yes that's him he won.
By supporting @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Hello Elizabeth ..
How are you doing and hope you're having a great time over there ?
It's "enlightened self-interest." Helping their families makes the military more attractive to young men and women.
We do need to support military families. During and post military service. Especially when the service member dies.
Another issue should be the high level of PTSD w OIF/OEF. They don't seem to have desire to get well or even better. Its a horrible problem
Don't worry we don't expect anything from you
Our elder caregivers of PRE9/11 veterans are in desperate need of the same assistance that POST9/11 rec. we don't deal w PTSD but need help
Give them a raise, so they don't have to use WIC and food stamps. Lower child care costs by subsidizing on-base pre-school and daycare.
Indiana American Legion pushes for Medical Marijuana Research: http://www.indianalegion.org/news/indiana-american-legion-pushes-for-medical-marijuana-research …
American Legion Resolution No. 11: Medical Marijuana Research https://archive.legion.org/handle/123456789/5763 …
Pay them more- fix the VA- make the transition to civilian life easier. Put them ahead of illegals & refugees!
stop giving 100 of Billions of dollars of free stuff to non citizens! That's how you help military families!
"support" = more pay + timely VA benefits inc. counseling,  therapies+medical. What are VA's waiting lists and delays like?
I can't speak for everyone. But I have had pretty good service with the VA. They helped me when I was down and out.
1st good report Ive heard so far... Ive only heard bad news --reports about long wait times for wounded vets and so on
Those bad reports may be true. I may be one of the lucky ones.
No longer having Obama as President was a good start. And boy did the military win big when Hillary lost. 

Dems lose, military wins.
Thank you for your support! If you are a military caregiver visits .@DoleFoundation at http://Hiddenheroes.org !
2009-2012.presented for small audiences and large format addresses to nearly 20K military members. Best feedback. Sequester ended all. #Bad
This interaction brings tears as I listen to 2 intelligent women having an intelligent & thoughtful convo to help our military. Thank you!
Maybe give vets the same benies & insurance choices our politicians are provided......good spot to start there
Pre 9/11 caregivers are not receiving a stipend, while post 9/11 caregivers do.  Help end this age discrimination practice.
why won't you take the DNA test? #FakeIndian
How about supporting those who were exposed to Agent Orange on Okinawa? That would be a first for you
By supporting ALL families. @SenSanders @SenateDems
Your face and voice make Americans so angry @SenWarren. Please shut up 
I wouldn't trust the Flies that Circle this lying PILE OF SHIT senator. You give our Senators a bad reputation it is time to stand down
If you jump off a bridge that would make a lot of veterans feel better instantly
For starters, you can quit undermining their CIC! Start there and we'll talk!
The military is just big oil foreign agenda enforcement. If the people knew that they might rethink giving their life for corruption.
Pay less to military contractors & more salary to people actually doing the work! Fat government contracts for the prvt. sector suck!
^^^^^^This! All of that funding, and most of it goes to the private sector.
100senators with salaries of 193k a year 435representatives with 174k a year= 93,090,000 of taxpayers money.Politicians are for what class?
Would be nice if VA took less than 2 yrs to determine a rating, so I could receive medical care. As it is, prognosis not looking good.
It's a travesty.  Hoping the VA comes through for you soon.  
Thank you. If I bother them enough it may be resolved sooner than later. Cheers.
Give them college grants like you lied to get
How about ending the wars and bringing the troops home? I can't believe even you asked such a stupid question.
Why do you care about him now? You didn't care about him for the last 8 years. I'm glad you changed your tune
Raising our pay would be a good place to start.
You should be in prison!! You and your ilk are what we as Americans should revolt against!! #deathtogovernment
Mrs Warren, you can help by allowing more money for our military defense budget. Which includes raises for all of the men and women serving
Stop whining at get to work, #chief
You ignored them under Obama when you had the majority . NOW you want to help them? So faux.
Nailed it
Looking forward to Senator Diehl in 2018. Rice Lynch Clinton Foundation Comey and more to come. #drainingtheswamp
There needs 2 B mandatory minimum military service law in the U. S. Maybe if  every1 has "skin in the game" STUPID WARS might decrease?
.@SenatorCollins Stand strong 4 ~5K ME's Veterans w Medicaid!-#NoBRCA-#NoCheapFix 4 MEs w Medicaid-Reject @SenMajLdr Bribes! @SenSchumer
.@lisamurkowski Stand strong 4 ~92,000 AK’s Veterans w Medicaid!-#NoBRCA-#NoCheapFix 4 AKs w Medicaid-Reject @SenMajLdr Bribes! @SenSchumer
We all know which one hasn't, and sadly is not serving or supporting we who are or have. Any mention of Veterans by 45 is pure pandering.
Lizzy, you political ha k!! You have NEVER supported our military,our troops! Never voted for military support!! You political HYPOCRITE!!
Stop sending them to war
I gave you benefit of the doubt that you visited the troops with good intentions. But I must ask why you're only inquiring about this now??
Elizabeth Dole doesn't want to talk to you
wrong
#1 Stop imperialist wars for corporate profits #2 Build a functioning fucking economy #3 Convert military funding 2 rebuild nations we broke
Are you sure your son chose to enlist because of a woman senator from some other state? Odd thing to risk his life for.
You've been a US Senator this long and finally thought to ask this question? Truly disgraceful.
I'll tell you how....elect republicans
I am a vet honorably discharged because damage to my lungs from a toxic gas leak in 1973 on the flight deck. I have never received support.
Well done
Someone should have ask that question ten years ago
Reckon @TheDemocrats party support for the nasty women with pussy hats is successful with ladies of morals and integrity? 
I doubt it!
How in the hell can You not support Military Families. I would stop support of liberal senators long before Military Families!
Careful there gurl...im watching!
Warren concerned about the military. Putting on a show for the the 2020 election.
Nobody one supported me in any way while I served in the US military in the early 90s nor did I expect it. Its called #MilitarySerfdom
Nice to see bipartisan support on issues that affect all Americans. 
They always preach, "If we wanted you to have a family, we would have issued you one." We were dirt poor all the time. Need better pay.
Try changing YOUR TONE Sen Warren! Can you imagine how the military feels with ALL the HATE?
Why let @realDonaldTrump lower important political discussion to an asinine level? Only people who can't talk issues resort to name calling.
Support our military and support our Veterans. Those should be the priority over protecting illegal immigrants.
The federal government already persecuted millions of undocumented people. Those wasted resources could greatly aid vets instead.
Enforcing the borders means less money spent on prosecuting undocumented immigrants. Seems like a good idea to me.
Illegal border crossings are a tiny fraction of means by which people enter the country. Most overstay visas.
Wow really, why didn't obama?
1. Better pay+housing. 2. Healthcare-make it better than http://Congress.3.Safe  equipment - CG is using ships commissioned in 1968
One of the qualifications to serve in Federal govt should be to have served in the military, or actively serve in reserves while in office
Not that the idea is relevant to the question, but how does military service in any way relate to civic representation?
It doesn't. I don't think anyone should be able to send troops into service who's neither served nor is serving. It's philosophical for me.
Well I can't argue with that philosophy, seeing as how I support mandatory militia duty at a precinct level.
One way is to get 100% on board openly agressively and without politics  to support Potus effort to clean up the problems in the VA system
I wonder why more people aren't signing up for the military? Maybe they don't feel like being pawns for the rich to get richer?
You can start by getting rid of all the damn Democrat liberals.
What is so terrible about your policies and politics that the only way to enact them is to get rid of all the liberals who might disagree?
you don't care about military families, police or anything to do with safety and security of Americans!
Too Many Points of Data to Ignore...
Get GDP to 4% then the love will share!
america has gone far from supporting real heroes of WWII to fake heroes of WWE.  sad
thank you, at least we know theres people trying. Trump and his administration is a disgrace.
Someone cares.  Trump is all talk
PTSD research, please. That should be the focus.
Why don't we do more to involve young people in public service, like the military, but not military?
Isn't that around the same percentage of American Indian ancestry you have?
Those of you who simply can't drop this sound even more foolish when you post this comment while she is out there fighting for you.
Your ilk has not once looked after military families, 8yrs of mugging us off and discarding us like trash! You know not what we go through.
Just take a fraction of the bloated, profligate Pentagon budget & channel it appropriately - ending subsidies & free loans for the rich also
Why do u guys think everything POTUS does is for the rich? I need to find a good poll 4u to help u understand we r not rich WHITE ppl.
Not one GOP initiative or attempt at legislation, dictating puppet Trump's agenda, has anything in it to benefit the common person. Fact.
Damn i thought we were 1%ers
Warren takevthe dna test. Loser Pocahontas @FoxNews @seanhannity
Your just thinking to ask this?!
At least they're trying, current admin has done nothing but run his mouth
@Quarzacc1  You better read up on Trump cause apparently u know NOTHING
Please check out our solution at http://rhfnow.org   We support Ft Bragg soldiers reintegrating through fun activities near Ft Bragg
And less than that percentage of real Indians get to teach at Harvard one less Because of You mrs. Warren
You do spend a huge amount of your GDP on military? Why?


Support military families by keeping liberals out if DC
Republicans only care about Vets during election season...get real!!!
Right... as a vet, a disabled one at that, I've seen better care under Republican presidents than democrats. So what do you have to say now?

Do you have kids in the military?
thank you
