Have you ever heard the term look at the back of their baseball card? The stats say this will be overturned by the Supreme Court...
...our Constitution is designed to protect US citizens not the citizens from around the world. So I will put money on the #TravelBan
If only I were your bookie right now. Sigh.
You would have lost! 80% overturn on the 9th. They make law, they don't interpret.
LOL guess you don't know why we have a judicial system - it's all about interpretation
Kind of an indictment on the misinterpretation by the 9th though
Should expect better understanding of the law.
Those judges earned the right to make that decision through their practice of the law.
I agree with you, however they let their politics creep in about 80% too often.
Although the travel ban is completely constitutional you fool. You and the 9th circuit need to grow up, you're destroying our country.
It's funny how every court so far says you are wrong.
It's funny how the constitution says I'm not though.
Actually the Muslim ban also gives isis what they want, because there  platform is that westerners hate Muslims, so the ban only helps them
(1/2) The idea that it's a Muslim ban is false 90% of muslim can still get in. The constitution allows for the pres to make executive orders
Also it is completely constitutional for the head of the executive branch to pass an order that he believes will help national security.  
9th cir agreed POTUS has power to make EO's re immigration... but NOT if based on nationality without factual basis. Trump loses again!
But that isn't what this EO does. If you read the order you would know that he countries he choose we're based off of the previous admin.
Will Mrs.Warren ever explain why this travel ban is unconstitutional? Probably not she knows nothing about our constitution!!!
She'd rather spend time virtue signaling and running like a crazed animal in LGBT parades! She doesn't want good legislation she wants votes
When will you realize Mrs.Warren? You are not what America needs and you are not what the silent majority wants! Go back to your tipi.
I too bet on the Constitution. We hope the Supreme Court upholds like they should!<
Um his "Muslim Ban" is constitutional. And the same ban was done by Obama for 6 months. Where was your outrage then? HYPOCRITE!!
Your money is on communism and people need to start realizing that. You will sell our kids to ISIS as thanks giving turkeys. You are a fraud
She's a LOSER!
Yes and a hypocrite, elitist and the list goes on
Thanks for not wavering on civil liberties! #ShePersisted
Nothing unconstitutional about an elected president protecting his countrymen from radical muslims, or radical libtards!

How much of that Harvard money did you bet?
The 9th circuit is politicized joke, and you obviously don't care about protecting US citizens
Well Lizzie u lose again!! The travel ban IS going 2 happen w/n hours! Go into the woods with Hillary & take Nancy too! Y'all r so toxic!!
Too bad you don't believe in  the Constitution wholistically... only the parts that fit your socialist political agenda.. woo look over here
Wah wah wahhhhhhh
You want terrorist to kill a mericans because you hate America
9th circuit doesn't follow our constitution, it should be called 9th circus, DNC 1st circus. All a bunch of clowns.
Why does @SenWarren have a problem with vetting from countries that either have no stable government, or are state sponsors of terrorism?
especially when the constitution gives @realDonaldTrump the executive power to do so. Pocohontis needs to get with it #AmericaFirst
You price garbage the night circuit has no idea what the Constitution is
Here's a serious question.  Do you ever get tired of being WRONG
The 9th circuit is liberal and anti-trump. Scotus will pass ban
It's been rejected by multiple courts, including judges nominated by Bush. His bans aren't Constitutional. Get over it.
9th circuit, the most overturned appeals court. Self-defense is constitutional loser
Are you a Constitutional law scholar? 3 courts of law have found his ban unconstitutional. A Muslim ban is not "self-defense" it's stupidity
It's a TRAVEL ban. Of it was a Muslim ban over 1 billion people would be banned. It is self defense
How is it self defense
Because we're trying to keep terrorists out.....
And how many terrorists have come here & attacked from the countries listed on that travel ban?
I wouldn't go to a casino if I were you Feaxcohontas
Can someone clarify which part is unconstitutional? Don't agree with it but first glance I think constitution only applies to US citizens
I also have citizen colleagues worried they would not actually be allowed back if they went to visit family in a restricted country.
But would citizens actually be stopped
I can only say on that point I do not think they are off base to worry.
Where's the door to this rabbit hole?
What do you know about the constitution
It's my belief that politics overruled law on this one.
Ha ha
It's a TRAVEL ban. If it were a Muslim ban he wouldn't let in people coming from Saudi Arabia India Etc.. you are always baiting
The Saudis paid well for their immunity.  If it was about security, they would be first on the list.
India? Lebanon? Indonesia ( world's largest Muslim population)? Again, it's not a Muslim ban
India isn't a majority Muslim nation, though it does have a substantial pop.  And, @realDonaldTrump was hoist with his own tweets.
The countries that he's Banning from travel are the countries that were set in place by Obama
Also, again, he described it ON TWITTER as a Muslim ban.  Makes his intent clear and torpedoes his case for it.
It does not matter how he described it unless it is on the document. Law 101. Still your president. #winning
He occupies the White House.  Calling him a president is a shameless insult to the office.
When are you going back to work ?
Let's see,@SenWarren & 9th circuit court?Yea,those are really reliable sources.1 thinks she's Tonto the other the most overturned court.
Here's hoping the Premes will defend the judiciary and ignore partisanship
The Constitution won today, Pocahontas.
Fauxahontas you wouldn't know what the Constitution is about if it bit you on your squatting backside. #TravelBan  Whoot!!!
Can we get a  for the 9th circuit court?
Are you for America or Islamic Terrorists? Oh wait question answered!!
Your precious cheeto is for Islamic terrorists. He supports Saudi Arabia. Sold them billions in weapons. Hope you're proud.
Your mast president handed 400 billion in tax payer $ to Iran..kettle calling the pot black?
I didn't support him either. Any pres that cares about safety won't sell arms to human rights violators and terrorist sponsors.
Hurray for our checks and balances! They work!
Hurray for the SUPREME COURT so politicized lower courts soiled by obama can get over turned.
watch out for Scotus - Gorsuch likely to side with Trump
What do you have to say now? They all agreed with him!!!!
no they didn't - they simply agreed to hear the case. Ban isn't in full force.
I love how y'all cannot accept defeat. They voted 9-0 to let the ban go into effect. Definitely a validation!! Trump won again!!!!
learn to read son - it helps!
The 9th circuit lol Democrat judges appointed by President Clinton 
Hey @SenWarren, if it were a #MuslimBan, ALL MUSLIMS would be banned from entering America, not the same terrorist countries OBAMA banned.

LOL!  Your side spent eight years trying to get rid of the Constitution!
Remind me never to go gambling with you. And you call yourself a native American
ELIZABETH, if you want communism, go to russia.  You're not wanted here
Not wanting a muslim ban doesn't make her a communist. Wanting universal healthcare does not make
CHECK OUT HER POLICY ON ECONOMICS AND SECURITY AND WANTING TO DISTRIBUTE MY HARD EARNED MONEY TO BUMS.
Oh and I'd much rather spend it on that then financing Trumps vacations and his businesses.
But obummer were ok
I don't even know what you're trying to say. Please use english.
This tweet didn't age well. #TravelPause #SCOTUS #BreakUpThe9th
Oh I think it aged stupendously, it proves she is out of touch with SCOTUS almost as much as her DNA
Thank you for standing up to these traitors that want authoritarian control so badly they sold our country to Russia.
9th Circuit is proven by the Supreme court as illegitimate.
9th circuit doesn't count. Biased. The President is correct on BOTH counts. Learn the Constitution, lady. #WhyYouWontBePresident
Again re-read the constitution
It is not a Muslim ban.  Refer also to the Suprem court.
Actually, the 9th decided the case on statutory interp grounds w/o needing to reach the const'l issue. But we'll take it!
Looks like the ultimate say, The Supreme Court, disagrees! Get a grip and let it go already! Your killing your dying party!

Your tweet did not age well@SenWarren, are you having fun yet????
Actually the law is the President has Executive privilege over states when it comes to national security. The courts are being political
Loyal only to our CONSTITUTION
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #CountryOverParty
The Presidents main job is National security according to the Constitution. Preventing mass terror attacks should be at the top of the list
You know that there have been 44 total travel bans since 1980 by  presidents, and these are the only two that the courts have ever  stopped.
I am trying to figure out just when in the hell the constitution became protection for people that are not American Citizens??
So, our laws don't apply to non-citizens in our country? Think long and hard before you plan that flag.
@THE_kenny_siler and yet the courts disagree with you. I'm thinking they are a bit smarter than you 
Which courts do you mean? The ones that buy into the resist mentality? Or the ones who support judicial activism?
The ones that know a lot more than you do obviously. Typical for a trumpanzee, it's wrong when it disagrees with @BLOTUS
I'm black are you calling me a monkey?
The 9th circuit is the most liberal and most overturned court.... everyone knows the Travel Ban is legal
Except for all the courts.
Nope, only ONE court. Fact: The 9th circuit is the most liberal and most overturned court. Supreme Ct will obviously allow the travel ban
How many is that if you express it as a percentage?
89% overturn rate. THANKS FOR ASKING
SUPREME COURT JUST REINSTATED THE TRAVEL BAN LOL
Thanks for all you do for the people of this country Sen. Warren! We know how hard it is to get thru the dead brain cells of trumpanzees 
Ya think she ever gets tired of being wrong?
lol.
I think SCOTUS schooled you today...
@senwarren your money was on Hillary. You went against Donald. Who won that battle by the way?
SCOTUS 9-0.  Close!
9-0.

How much money did you lose?
Actually, you were right. The Constitution won. 9-0.
The Constitution won today! 9th circuit not so much. If you took your meds as prescribed they might work. Otherwise SHUT! IT!
You are nothing but a liar and you know very well that the 9th circuits is wrong.  Democrats want to destroy America.
The ban is constitutional and follows the laws. If you don't like the laws change them. Quit spewing your hate and lies.
Because the 9th circuit is full of liberal nuts. See how it plays out in the SCOTUS.
In a matchup between Trump and Warren my money is on Trump every time
You wouldn't know the constitution if it slapped you square in the face.
That's because the 9th circuit courts are in your back pocket!  FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE, try thinking about the safety of the American people.
Yup, the Constitution won, it upheld @POTUS power to keep us safe. You should not be in govt for believing otherwise. IMPEACH WARREN.
Good call. Have you ever read the Constitution?
Hey Senator, please quit exposing to Americans what you know-NOTHING!  You just keep showing your incompetence and we feel bad for you NOT!
Do you understand that millions of Muslims are allowed from other countries? Stop trying to scare people and make ur base pissed for lies
First, how'd this end up again?  Second, the Constitution is for US CITIZENS
the circuit most over turned in america DJT and we the people win again.
SCOTUS disagrees with your warped view of the constitution.

The 9th circus may agree.. and it's a grand thing that #SCOTUS actually follows the constitution that you bet against and lost... again
Trump, Sessions, Putin must be held accountable.
The 9th circuit is filled with hideous liberal activist judges who ignore the constitution. Let's see what the SCOTUS has to say.
I'm praying, and sending money.
Thank you very much
BWAHAHAHA! LEFTIES listened to @BarackObama & @EricHolder  Big Mistake. You thought you knew better & now you're SCHOOLED! #TrumpWins4USA
Ouch.
Could you show us the part of the ban that says Muslim please? If not, its completely constitutional ya old nut
9th circuit are your dogs on a leash. Supreme Court seems to think otherwise. Warren is bad for our country...we're tired of her hate for us
No further comment needed!
This tweet aged perfectly.....
So is my money, which is how I know you're wrong.

Keep on losing pocahontas
9th circuit can be constitutionally dismantled 
Bahaha. #maga. 9-0 gotta love it.
Of course the 9th agrees with you. Two ultra liberal's like you and them are a perfect (and misguided) match. The Supreme's will fix it.
So is mine; till the WH burns it.
And you obviously continue to be wrong. How about working for the people for a change?
This tweet aged well.
The Supremes don't, and my money's on them ;)
There are things being being done to make sure you do by the American People. It will be good bye and HAPPY DAYS.
Your prediction is as phony as your native American heritage
The 9th circuit that has a almost 90% overturn rate? Oh ok then.
 9-0 #highcheekbones #WarrenLies
How exactly did you become a Senator? You are a disaster. Please run in 2020.
The 9th Circuit probably one of the biggest violators of the Constitution in history
BREAKING NEWS: Senator Elizabeth Warren pretends to have respect for Constitution/Fails to properly name TRAVEL BAN signed by Trump!
This tweet aged badly. 9th circuit court rejected 90+% of the time by SCOTUS!
Elizabeth if you want to follow the Constitution start with the immigration
And the SCOTUS disagrees!
Typical lefty misunderstanding the law.  Silly Poco, the #SCOTUS is the highest court of this land! #Winning #MAGA
Not about Muslim ban. It's about protecting Americans. Try it sometime instead of protecting yourself all the time.

#TravelBan facts:
• SCOTUS ruled in favor 9-0
• Total Muslims: 2 billion
• Muslims affected: 140 million…
But yet it was ok when Obama did it in 2012. this also shows why people call the 9th the circus court
This aged well. Chief Running Water over here will not be around after 2018
Yo, Pocahontas! The Dems pocket book 9th Circus judges might be great with your ideology but SCOTUS 9-0 says different #Constitution 
Then why are Judges breaking Constitutional Immigration Laws? You can't pick and choose what's good for Useless democrats
You are as smart as sack full of hammers
The ninth thinks the const applies to every person, everywhere. By that logic, Putin was just voting legally here! Can't have it both ways.
Only when it benefits you democrats.  When it doesn't you walk all over it.
You putting your money on the 9th Circuit explains why we're 20,000,000,000,000 dollars in debt. Leave it to a Dem. SMH.
YOU LOSE!
Yea, well the 9th Circuit just got trumped by the SCOTUS.
Did you ever read the Constitution?
This proving once again you are out of your league
#SCOTUS just voted 9-0 to reinstate President Trump's temp travel ban, cupcake. Muslims never even came up. 

#MAGA my faux Indian friend.
I'm glad you're here, Senator.
@pambesteder @realDonaldTrump Fauxcahontas- RESIGN, U are a 'Bona Fide' lawless lying psychopath who needs a mental ethics eval
Go home Lizzy,you're drunk.
THE TRAVEL BAN IS CONSTITUTIONAL,THE LIBERAL JUDGES ARE RULING ON POLITICS NOT LAW, THEY NEED TO GET RID OF YOU AFTER PELOSI
Stay away from Vegas, Fauxchohontas.
Since you have a crystal ball Senator, who will be Kentucky Derby winner next year? #SureBet
Senator Warren, you support the Constitution? Since when?
How you feel today Mo money?
Must be hard to be wrong all the time
But what about healthcare??
And the Supreme Court actually held up the Constitution. No legislation from a judge's bench allowed, fake Indian.
9th circuit acted unconstitutionally, they overstepped their power
Your money is on the Constitution yet you are liberal and anti-gun. #LiberalLogic  #2A #colddeadhands #MAGA
First, it is NOT a Muslim ban. Second, SCOTUS ruled in favor of the President.
This tweet has not aged well. #Pocahontas
The only problem is that the 9th Circuit is clueless as to out Constitution. They are socialist in most of their decisions and a pox to USA
My money is on the Supreme Court Pocahontas
Turns out the SCOUTS agrees... the ban IS constitutional.
Because the ban is not a Muslim ban and it's a safe bet on the Constution which is on the same side as @realDonaldTrump.
The Supreme Court agrees, but disagrees with the 9th court. Win for constitution
How is it a Muslim ban when the majority of Muslim majority countries are not included? Quit lying Liz!
How much money are you willing to put down? Still feeling confident?
I'm sorry to see that someone like yourself @SenWarren, in politics, has such a elementary understanding of the US Constitution. #StudyUp
Not for long Pocahontas
Lol good one Pocahontas
Snowflake
Why was it agreeable when Obama enforced a travel ban???
You and the 9th circuit should be held personally responsible if anything happens to 1 American by an Islamic Terrorists!!
This tweet didn't age well
A unanimous ruling for POTUS in this case means you probably should move on.
 
Everyone going on about the constitution does no one see theyve already stomped all over ro suit there needs???
Thankfully the Supreme Court sided with the Constitution.
How'd this tweet work out for ya chief?
TRUMP WAS RIGHT! HE & the CONSTITUTION WON AGAIN! It's in HIS POWER to BAN IMMIGRATION to ANY GROUP to keep USA SAFE! 
Pocahantas, Scotus does not agree.  The Constituion overrules your "feelings".  The 9th Circuit Circus lost this one.
The word MUSLIM IS NOT IN THE EXECUTIVE ORDER. CAN YOU NOT READ? OBVIOUSLY!!!!!
2 bad ur party doesn't believe n the Constitution in other regards, Senator. Til the #partyofslavery is consistent, go talk that  elsewhere
How did this work out for you Pocohontas??
You lose.
Lol the constitution doesn't agree. #pocahontas
So I guess you lost another bet....#Obstructionist
