.The Trump Way=The Bannon Way.
Find the person most likely and capable of dismantling the very agency they swear to serve. Liars every one.
What an ignorant pile of bullshit. How about that Obama way? Infest gov't with progressive commies and rip the country apart?
Bot alert
Warren the problem is workers r finally going back 2 work 2 real jobs none of them part time crap jobs u socialist demo-liars created 4 us
You're cute. No, that did not occur as you claim. We fight for you to keep your right to blather absolute nonsense. Remember that.
No madame socialist it's you and your party that has ruled and regulated the working class to death. Your damage is being reversed
Democrats keep losing elections, even when there's no elections to lose! per Greg Gutfeld
Equating anti-Union with anti-Worker is dialogue-stifling partisanship that doesn't clear any pathway to a "better deal."
This.
Liz Warren Says Trump Waging ‘All-Out Assault On US Workers.’ A Day Later, Unemployment Hits... http://ow.ly/9pj3100KSMw  @3lectric5heep
Americans have the #RightToWork without paying dues to crony organizations in the Democrat's pockets.
Liawatha.   You are a hypocrite!
Per your book, 3 tests: Is U.S. economy producing opportunities for hard workers, security from bankrupting illness, & chances for next gen?
You are a joke
Funny, economy is booming, unemployment is down...
Maybe that's why working people from Pa to WV to Ohio to Michigan to Wisconsin ditched your No Solutions Dems and voted for @POTUS
Opposite land. Trump plant to destroy America?
Your so jealous you cant think straight. Good thing your time is nearing an end. Say bye bye to the FAKE INDIAN
So I guess socking it to workers by growing the economy to include 1 million new jobs in 6 months is bad thing to you huh? Your nuts lady
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Pocahontas, if your theory was true, why is unemployment at a 16 year low. Also Trump just hit 1 million jobs created in his first 6 months.
How are those unemployment numbers looking today??
Summer recess for 5 weeks.  GET YOUR LAZY ASSES BACK TO WORK.
good Trump
Trump administration is doing a great job for workers  better than obama did in 8 years
Welcome to Company Town USA...
U forgot to mention that unemployment was at its lowest in 15 years.  But that's normal bs from u. It's expected at this point.
LIAR!!!!
You are one of Americans greatest enemies with you insane comments and positions.
Great that there is a Trump person on the board.
The nlrb was and is a tool of labor unions engaged in tearing into the fabric of Americas working class by taking and not giving back to USA
You left town without fixing ACA, reducing taxes on the middle class, immigration reform to name a few. So who socked it to who?U r a phony.
Have they created and/or secured any jobs since election?
UdidntGetTheWordPocahontas?MaybeThePEOPLEcanHelpU understandWHYurClaimThat TrumpHasHurt USworkers isAdamantlyFALSE
If that's true then why are more people going back to work then any time in the last 16 years?  You don't know what you're talking about.
I'm just sitting here still delighted that Hillary will never be President. Maybe you'd like to take a shot at losing in 2020.
Didn't he get the Dow up, illegal immigration down? Y'all liberals are so blinded by the things that are going right.
You mean an anti union nominee. Someone that won't enrich you or union bosses by stealing from the union employee
Why because he is making new jobs increasing the market and investing small buisnesses
How Warren please spread your ignorance
All part of the GOP agenda to destroy the American middle class...to help the wealthiest 1% and the most corrupt (ie Trump and Kushner)
In other words, you LOST yet again...
Eight years of George Bush and the beginning of Trump presidency-not one single piece of legislation directed to help the middle class.
Lady, you all can share in this BS!
And what are you?  A worker?  At least they are appointed for 5 year term. You...indefinitely. That is the real tragedy. #termlimits
Liz, look at the unemployment numbers !! Isn't that part of your required reading? You're showing your ignorance. Come on term limits.!!
You have done your part for 8 years holding us back, we appreciate the truth and honesty of the Trump Admin.
Mrs Warren. Please be quit. The world would heal with your silence and bigotry.
We need a national strike that  would get their attention
I'm a worker and wake up happy that Trump is POTUS. #TRUMP2020 #MAGA #VOTECONSERVITIVE
Really???  So far his administration has brought jobs and is bringing wealth back this country
Not good
Please run for president !!
only the aliens not the American worker
No party has ever been more detrimental to workers than democrats.
I admire your tenacity @SenWarren
That should really help the job market. Nice promise, Trump!
Or we will consider you an abstuctenist to an ivestigation from the dea
Deception is not how you find the truth tim and mark harlan since you like to talk behind each other we are not playing you be honest now
So say you...time for DEM's to stop obstructing
Is another day that you drug addicted local politicians fuel the destruction of this great nation if you see something say something 911 NF
35 years making calls at the local subway to have cocain brought by plain to libral kansas is not what allows america to continue everyday
Going to allow america to grow in a positive way drug addiction by teachers and loan officers and illegal imigrants who have been here for
Your a ag teacher tim harlan and know better and you mark harlan are a loan officer and know better its not about salvation its about whats
Criminals themselves something better change America holly wood stop fueling and fanning the flames
Citizens of this nation you in turn fuel these suckening behaviors mean while those who know about your bribery are hasseled as if their the
You understand aric alley when you and abby cash take bribes to keep certain imigrant workers working instead of putting to work the real
Four years ago there was a revival you all hear the lack of action is what continues this criminal behavior enough is enough
Nurses worked these problems are as a spider web mounting acrossed all cities america is at war with fast cash and mind altering substances
Centers acrossed america to fuel job security drug addiction has no bias it takes all colors and those pills came up missing when certain
Illness playing classic bowl with young womens lives while some men have been caught slashing the tieres of women from the walmart tire
Trump 2020!
Frequented the local chatolic church's claim to be christ in carnate the problem in Oklahoma is a mess of criminals with massive mental
Night with a fake id in stillwater at the local bars on the OSU campus and do the rest of americans know that Christian sarabio has
And ponc do your dirty work harlan boys and does mr sorabio a in house loans at the oklahoma state bank know what his son is doing late at
Do you think threatening the lives of young women tim and mark harlan is the way a town does buisness do those young hispanics juan julian
Do your wives and children know what tim and mark harlan are doing on the golf courses with their young men from the coop and bank
Kiddnappings and other crimes to silence there own now how come illegal criminals are in our banks and in our government offices owning land
Cartels for years due to drug and sex addiction what bugs us is wheater or not the local law enforcement has something to do with covering
If what tim and mark harlan do in this is happening all around the country then america is done local politicians have been in bed with the
Liz, what's going on with HRC? Has she been arrested yet? What about her dealings with Russia, emails, Benghazi?
you and dem have been socking to the american worker for the past 7 yrs. ACA is killing us yet you have done nothing.
You've never worked a day in your life Pokahauntis along with Nuttball Nan
Are you brain dead lady. The last time democrats supported the American worker was the 1970's. Have you ever told the truth?
She's insane in the membrane
I assume you mean anti-union, the cash cow of the Democratic Party. Throughout the land workers are demanding the right to work.
Oh @SenWarren keep up the resist http://movement.You  have all  gone crazy! So so sad! #retire
Sad
Cool, now my railroad labor contract is officially dust

Anti Worker you mean like the Democrats they are PRO Open Borders PRO ILLEGAL immigrants PRO Sanctuary City /State PRO Globalization
Of course they did. They rarely disappoint.
To u everyone is anti something you need to be repealed and replaced to much negativity your against everything term limits now
Its a fire sale. Burn everything then sell it. Is that how that works?
Must get the word out about the NLRB nominee. Information is knowledge and power. Hope everyone remembers next election.
Way to go GOP.
@SenWarren so YOU say.
You expected something diff
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
Lest we forget FaceTime for vets - using half billion $'s worth of old texhnology Koch bros or some crony needed to pass off. iPhones Trump?
Liar Trump
Tax break 4 rich
Corp go robotic
Unemployed no ACA
Dead

No ACA repeal.
Dump Trump Pence and all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal

Just what @Harvard, @Yale and other universities unfairly fighting graduate student unionization wanted.




Hey Liz. Do you know what American workers don't get? The ENTIRE MONTH OF AUGUST AS A PAID VACATION! You're welcome.
@realDonaldTrump and his bullying band of bad guys @SenateGOP strike again! #ImpeachTrumpandPence
Impeach?  Why, did they hurt your feelings too?  Let's get the lot of them for putting Baby in the corner
Nobody believes that Democrats support the middle/working class. The Democratic/Socialist Party is a $$$ parasite to the middle class.
Nobody believes that Democrats support the middle/working class. The Democratic Party is a $$$ parasite to the middle class.
More lies from lier in chief!
...You need money to run and you're not getting it because as obstruction is you're not that important
You know why you feeling you been cut out of the lobbyist Network......
I thought you liked the non-workers...always good for Dem votes!
And you socked it to Native American Indians Pocahontas
You should go to MA and get a better perspective of the world you really live in vs the one you think your in.
Is he a promoter of off shore jobs for corporations like Hillary championed while Senator, shipping entry level jobs overseas.
Call the WAAAAMBULANCE! Pocahontas is off her meds AGAIN!
Nearly every cabinet post is filled with a complete idiot and/or someone hellbent on destroying the agency.
Right. Look at @SenWarren for a prime example
Warren, your so out of touch with reality, like most of your dispicable, traitorous  cronies.
Of course they did
They can careless! A bunch complicit idiots!
Marvin thinks you a fake injun that drinks too much fire water , Good thing u ain't drinkin the Flint poison water
Liar. Inflammatory nonsense does you no good and quite frankly strengthens Trump. So thank you for that
God Bless some common sense added to the NLRB. No more uber left progressives.
OF COURSE HE DID. THIS IS WHAT HE DOES.
lie lie lie is what you do....
You have no clue lady. Get off your high horse!

Trump admin is a friend to workers and they know it.  Not like, say, Obama or the entire Dem party for that matter.  Enjoy your recess.

How about confirming SENATOR BLUMENTHALS THEFT OF VIETNAM VETERANS VALOR! What else do you wanna sock it to?
Anti-worker = UNION REP....
Why do you go to the hearing, you should just show up to vote no on every nominee.
Just how is this going to create "jobs, jobs, jobs"?
The U.S. labor market rebounded in June, new government data showed. Working so far
Wake up America! The Russians are in the White House and Government you depend on for services is being destroyed, while Trump makes $$$$$$.
Hahahaha that's great. Clearly, you have no idea what you're talking about.
What is wrong with these people.  Is common sense really that over rated?
Princess Fullofbull from the Tribe of Democratrats.
Nice job Mr President.  Don't listen to goofy warren.  She hates America
When are workers in this country going to learn that the @GOP is not for them but for big corporations?? Vote for pro-labor!!!
Look at the statistics of the last election u have things backwards big business was  democrats look at the wealthiest in congress Dems
Have you seen the unemployment rate? The approval rating and support for the growth in the economy we are seeing?  You screwed up America
This is one more punch to the face, America. Not just workforce, everyone. Call your representatives. Stop Trump
Stop what?  This is great. Business is booming for me!
Further proof @realDonaldTrump IS NOT WORKING FOR AMERICANS but only to line the pockets of those whose approval he craves - the 1%.
Look at all the Dems and Libs buying into Warren's obstruction and lies. Smart Americans aren't buying u or ur ABetterSteal. #MAGA w/o Dems
Sounds Good to me...
Am in a right to work state, no one wants this
They have put people in place in each agency that want to destroy it.
Anything to loosen the union grip on American workers
Trump will be happy when American workers make what Chinese workers make-handbags for his daughters co. At pennies per hour. He owns us.
Why are you on recess?
Because: Congress!
Senator Warren Reprimand this President 4saying something so Treasonous & Reprehensible as what he said about New Hampshire!At least Senate?
Oh I see. You didn't like the choice the opposing majority party made so you're attempting to slander. Got it chief. Start packing teepee
A large majority of US workers are non-union.  Rightly so.  You are out of touch Pocahontas

Do you follow politics very closely? There is sizeable opposition to Trump within the Republican Party and Congress.
Obstructionist
If you're against it, I gotta be for it
It takes more working poor to make Big ticket Items. Than for the poor to invest in clothing, food,& shelter.
If you support @realDonaldTrump and get paid by the hour or are on the clock - this should work out real well for you. Good luck! #TrumpLies
My friend is a union worker who cannot understand why his coworkers voted for Trump. He has a constant battle trying to inform them
They hate us. All.
.@SenWarren announces that nominee hates people who work.
The only thing confirmed, you are a fake indian! THIEF OF NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE!
