Incentives for companies like @Equifax are out of whack. Consumers should control their own data. Execs should face consequences for neglect
I hope one day this lady understand the love God has for her. She might get transform.
I love, love Elizabeth Warren. What can or will be down to Equifax? Who should pay?
he could give a rats ass; he cashed in before they announced the breach
It's now time to take away Equifax CEO's protection so will be as vulnerable and helpless as we are.
I hope they get a senate investigation. Get out of business and fined. This should never happen when everything we do is approved by them.
equifax should go to jail... for a long long time.  that might stop this.
Yet another Corp closing their eyes to the wrong until someone exposed them not unlike #POTUS
Thank you for the insight Sen. Warren, a beautiful analogy.
Elizabeth Warren FOR PRESIDENT!!!
Wtf
Wow
This is capitalism run amuck!!
Bernie and Warren 2020! Or b4 after impeachment’s.
Like Hillary did a bad job with her private server?
I voting the first woman president in Office
The whole system needs change its too easy to report on consumers & too difficult to change incorrect info that's been  reported
Sen. Warren: @Equifax is making millions off their screw up, meanwhile the cost to Equifax for their screw up is shockingly low.
Elizabeth warren for president!
Found it impossible to focus after noticing the mustache twirling monopoly guy in tge back...
It’s the guy from the game Monopoly!
Senator Warren- your are simply an angry person with indiscriminate hatred for every business. You’re not stupid, just obnoxious
as @SenWarren said in Senate: more hacking means more profits for @Equifax, which is making money off the victims...#equifaxbreach
@Equifax customer service rep on phone said a new credit monitoring product will be launched in early 2018, however not free. #equifaxbreach
Their security and transparency is as bad as the federal government in their PII hacking incidents.
How many walls does it take to defend a brain cell?  How many Xmyn does it take to ban walls.  Xxxxtreme $$$0000 guilt anyway - Guuiiivvvvvv
Absolutely !!  Capitalist milliionaire congress in bed w/ private credit monitors - assign FICO to IRS !
Ew: ‘we are from the govt and we are here to help’
Way to go, my senator
@SenWarren if consumers data is being sold without their consent, identity monitoring fir akl, for free, should be part of the system.
True, but we've already established a precedent with pesticide mfrs who also make cancer drugs--some of the most $$$ drugs on the market
Yes they are putting up ads leading you to believe that they will scan your info and instead it’s a bait and switch for more money 
Why isn't this free? Cuz People just say ok to pay. No fight in them, just rollover. Don't believe there's another choice. Powerlessness.
Poisoning the public and then selling the antidote is criminal and should be treated as such.
So True!
If one intended to steal personal financial data, wouldn't employment at Equifax be a goldmine?
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!
I bet his info wasn’t compromised! He’s collecting a $60mln pay out. Making money on other peoples misfortune. It’s disgusting.
It's time for a HIPPA for financial data.
YOU ARE ALL OVER THE SPECTRUM OF HUMAN SUFFRAGE AND BULL SHIT.  LOVE YOU POCAHONTAS
Exactly right! @Equifax must be held accountable as well as @TransUnion & @Experian they make money selling data but can't protect it!
After they were hacked, they want to sell me fraud protection-unbelievable
Equifax should have to pay for this for all people it affected for life.....since it was their fault!
It was a scam to make Consumers for more security is part o/the business now you have more consumers paying for security.
Yeah that Data Breach has ruined my CC already. Someone hacked my store accounts and bought sht.
Inadvertently used the same email twice, which was accepted by their fraud choice of protection and thus cannot access,  no one answers call
Not her fan but she has a valid point.
I wont help them get richer. There are free programs.
I need all debts cleared
I'm so mad at them
Thank you for calling them out!
Keep up the Awesome work Senator Warren!
Keep
Thank you for your insistence for consumer protections and industry overhaul @SenWarren . I salute you!
So these aholes did this on purpose to make a killing?
Next question, are any Senators complicit?
Absolutely, and is it true that the IRS just awarded them a big contract?  Fox meet henhouse!
Speaking of fraud.....here ya go!
He should go to jail.
Yupp. And giving a 1 time dark web search..if they know where the dark web is....why isnt it shut down?
This is a key point. Despite "cost of data breaches", it's still not costing companies more to lose data than protect it *properly*
Plus of course the disincentive here of Fraud Protection products.
Strength in UNITY!!
Why were they awarded $7M gov contract with no bids. Are they going to make sure Russia gets EVERYONES info?
Go get em Elizabeth
These companies should be shuttered..violate privacy!!!
That sounds a lot like the old neighborhood protection racket mobsters used to run... you paid the monsters to protect you from...them!
I tried to set up the protection, but stopped when they want my SS# again. Are they kidding? And the protection is only for a a year. Sad
Thank you Senator Warren for being the force of #democracy and decency that you are.
I love you for how you went after the Senior Executive, DOING AN AMAZING JOB I think its pretty insane how they are profiting.
blah blah blah until you pass laws restricting these companies ...
you got them good !!!!! Your the best !!!
The board, CEO & CTO knew that this data breach was coming. They didn’t manage governance, data protection & CYBE-SEC well. #equifaxbreach
I love you Senator Warren. You are one of a few Senators who truly represents the people!!
Wow. Elizabeth, you go

Great going, Ms. Senator!
Well you'd know all about fraud Pohcohanis
Wow. I love this woman but NOTHING will be done about this. Look who is president, the biggest crook out there. They're all in cahoots.
Saw you on Wells Fargo issue. Luv U and MA! Your interrogation,  spot on!
Just keep fighting and never give up
Congress is complicit in allowing this business to continue jeopardizing Americans’ private information & putting them at risk for theft.
And yet they were just awarded a no bid contract by the IRS?  How does that happen when the put so many at risk?
@realDonaldTrump doesn't seem to be concerned that our personal info could be in hands of terrorist who could be using our credit to do harm
We need to institute the death penalty for these types of people.  If you steal more than $1 million, kiss your ass goodbye
And you do zero. When will we have a country with real people that do something for us?
Kind of like politicians
Exactly.
Get em Liz!
It's like handing over your house keys to the person who broke into your house. Beyond comprehension. Yet @Equifax still has our keys
Gimme an effin break this is ridiculous unheard of wtf are u ppl doing when can we expect logic to take over
#ThankYou Senator Warren. We need better transparency abt ways our credit/personal info is used, sold & "protected" #EqifaxFail
LOL .........And the government shouldn't get tax dollars if they can't protect the tax payer data, amirite Faux-Cha-Han-Tus?
Represented by the law firm of Dewey Cheetham and Howe!
Smart lady doing a good job.
thnks dear
Kind of like you doing a bang up job
Fine them! Fine them! Fine them!.... only after you have correctly uncovered they actually did nothing
.. And selling our info to businesses to solicit more debt
Take action - Clawbacks
Warren represents the people not the donors.
It might even be part of their business plan. Everyone will still use them for credit reporting due to monopoly and now fraud protection ugh
Kinda sounds like your industry
Bravo!
Can't we sue the hell out of these people for taking our information without our permission and getting it released? They didn't ask me
Why oh why don’t we have national leaders of the calibre of Elisabeth Warren.....what a great mind!
Stop lying
Good. That’s more for each of us in the class action suit
@SenWarren for President 2020
If there has to be credit agency why do we need 3 of them? Over lapping each other. I rather deal with 1company once my data has been stolen
Equifax has the nerve to be advertising on TV that they will protect you and your private information, just unbelievable.
Please be careful not to throw baby out with bathwater
How are they now contracted with the IRS?!
@Equifax defrauded the public.
And they just got an Government contract
I love you, Senator Warren!
You are just superb darling
And they don’t work!
Many, Many thanks, Senator. You are one of the few we can trust to ALWAYS put middle- and working-class Americans first.
BLESS YOU MS. WARREN!!!! THE SELLING OF FRAUD PROTECTION ... IS 1000% SPOT ON! THEY ALL MAKE THEIR MONEY ON THE FRAUD THEY HELPED CREATE!!!
Make people sick and then sell them the cure. A popular business model these days
What about the No Bid contract between Equifax and the #IRS ??? WTF
Give him hell senator!
Link given by KWCH, in their article: https://trustedidpremier.com/eligibility/eligibility.html …
http://www.kwch.com/content/news/More-than-11-Million-Kansans-e-446942563.html …
up for "TrustedID Premier".  I feel like we are being extorted or blackmailed by Equifax.
I love her!! She tells it like it is.
You and your party get campaign financing from companies just like Equifax so spare us the righteousness.
EXACTLY! Our local tv station, KWCH, posted an article about Kansans being affected. There's a link: "Click here to find out of you are one of the Kansans affected by the Equifax hack." Follow the link & it asks for last 6 digits of SSN. Tells you that you're impacted & can sign
Sen. Warren on fireeee protecting consumer rights as always. Also, the monopoly fella in the bg is amusing.
Your committing fraud by being a member of Congress. Your useless drivel wastes taxpayer $$.
So Apparently @Equifax Could Make a lot of Money selling Protection to Their Victims, For their Security Breach, Hmmmm!
Keep up the good work, you are one of the few who care about the people,  wish we had 100 more like you and Sanders. @SenWarren @SenSanders
Do they have any products that prevent,American Indian fraud protection,poor natives have some crazy politician claiming to be one,squawler
Thank you,  Senator Warren.

Do you really make all these tweets"
Kudos Elizabeth excellent cross examination
Ask Fannie and Freddie to not require the use of equifax data. At this point they cannot speak to the accuracy of the data they provide.
Pull their IRS contract.
They loose our data 
Wanna charge for freezing 
Dumped stock
Didn't notify anyone for almost 2 months
Fraud is what these guys believe in. Need laws to get a hold on this!
All Senators should let you ask all the questions.  You have the touch.
Anybody else catch the Monopoly guy in the back?
Why doesn’t Congress implement a PIN system to accompany our SSNs. Oh that’s right. Good ideas don’t come from Congress
Pleas admit Congress saw this coming and did nothing. An IT idiot would see such a data breach coming.
Love you Elizabeth. Thanking you.  (the foxes are loose in the chicken coop....)
Credit bureau permission to sell or access life of Americans. Decades, sifering consumers monies by fabricating chart of dots white/black!!
Finally we agree.
How about all the date the DNC lost and the Hillary Campaign?
Distracting.  This custodial responsibility is what the financial industry wants to shed.  Pay attention, please?
FUCK YES.
That is sickening!
There are now 4 of these companies. Who gave them permission to have all my information? What regs do they follow? Who's in charge of them?
Like Wells Fargo, Exxon, Big Pharma & big HC, in bus to profit, not do right thing. Prosecute & they will start caring.
AND...Equifax has the nerve to want to be the most stubborn with removing stuff off your credit!
Thank you, Senator. This country needs people like you. Keep up the good work. It is deeply appreciated. Greed has met its match!
Well what the hell have you been doing this whole time as senator? Quit videoing yourself and do something ur all talk when bad happens.
The fraud protection should be built into their data base.  I do not ask for them to track my credit.  They stole it from me and they owe me
Like you sold your fraud course at Harvard?
Proof positive.   Warren for president 2020!
Right...just what we need...more government.  The irony.  The government will step in and protect us from the private sector 
Again Elisabeth Warren is about protecting the American people. Thank you Representative Warren
Senator Warren the people's representative
Totally amazing here you are again hunting votes after a catastrophe step out of the office and let a real citizen on American serve
Are you not a fraud, Pocahontas.
Scorch
Who gave them the authority to collect our data in the first place? 
Who made them the guardians & sellers of our information?
Because of Trump they r now selling it to US GOVT... no bid contract yesterday!!!
Anytime a company has been hacked the penalty is minuscule. After one store was hacked I got a 10% discount .im now a cash only person
Yup they are.  Where are your book profits going?
@SenWarren @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain @SenFranken We the People need more senators like you (+SenClaireMcCaskell) who actually work for us!
The problem of ID theft is born of government and business, an independent consumer should bear no burden. #idtheft
How can I (or anyone else) opt-out of Equifax having any information on me?
Maybe they should protect the citizens of the USA from your lies as you are a fraud
Why then do they a contract with the irs? WTF are you people doing?
If this is true, there should be some legal consequences.
excellent questioning, well done
Snap
Go Elizabeth!
I am sick and tired of the wealthy wanting more and more.  When is enough, enough. Do they realize they can't take it with them.
Wow

The most outragous thing is we never wanted to do any business with this shitty company! Yet they screw us and make money off of that 
Kinda like the bad job you do as a Senator and still continue to get paid by the tax payers
This is yet another example of 36 years of GOP deregulation and "don't tax the rich" failed trickle down garbage.
there should be a clawback penalty, plus they should be required to reimburse any individual who becomes compromised due to this breach
Great job @SenWarren. Well prepared, well said!
They collect our private information, without our permission, now we basically defenseless but key top officials sold stock to make huge $$$

I disagree with Senator Warren on almost every subject except this one, PLEASE, whatever it takes, lets make them pay for the stupid mistake
