.@SenMarkey & I wrote to 17 agencies about whether they’ll use Trump’s order to cut off funding for MA services.
We had a democratic election and the liberal democrats lost over 3000 counties and the Election. !
Good job Liz!
you pay more in taxes because you over tax the citizens of Massachusetts.  Get your head out of your teepee.
Withhold the tax money in retaliation for threatening sanctuary cities. Demonstrate Democratic leadership. This is an emergency.
yea Massachuettes pays a HELL of a lot in taxes to help with welfare for illegal immigrants! NOT for our Vets 
simple answer is to succeed from the union.  Make Trump the one who broke up the "United" States.
oh please break from the union .
please . I'll give anything to not have to see or hear from Liz
Ban all them Rats
Wish you cared as much about 9M US emigrants @TheDemocrats R destroying with citizen tax'n & #FATCA. B/c of YOU they can't have checking acc
You are a liar. An ILLEGAL Alien is NOT the same as a LEGAL immigrant. Stop referring to ILLEGALS as immigrants. They are NOT.
The POTUS is doing what millions and millions elected him to do. Enforce immigration law.
Californians are already talking about the possibility of leaving the Union. New England should do the same.
they are called illegals
YOU should be thrilled MA contributes so much to USA govt w/ so little in return; isn't that wealth transfer?
THAT'S exactly correct. USA voters want you, MA, CA, NY, to know we're done w/ILLEGAL ALIENS; we want them out!
Mitt Romney championed health care in MA. Basis of ACA.  If we rename it to RomneyCare can we keep it??
No . fact is ACA doesn't work for the majority of people who have it.
give back the 15 million dollars you've stolen Warren
Local Immigrants?  LOLOLOLOL! You are crazy!
yeah , what is a local immigrant?
Where do they come from?
And the Dems wonder why they lost power
well 45 doesnt pay taxes. Why should we? Keep it for the state
here that IRS . U better audit Paula Krukonis!
Thanks Paula!
Way to make a s out of yourself!
what are you talking about? Illegal actions by people being OK?
Example of Warren posting fake news, there is no way MA pays more in taxes than they get back in federal funds
the order is on criminal illegal immigrants..You idiots always forget that part, #fakeindianprincess
,
Too bad Pocahontas!! Stop
the "sanctuaries 4 illegals" &
wasting OUR Tax $$'s!!
@KellyannePolls 
@IvankaTrump
Local immigrants? There ya go Liz, using alternative facts.  I think you mean ILLEGAL immigrants.
Wait: ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS? U R Nuts, Senator.
one reason is so that one or 2 highly prosperous and populated states can't dictate who is president. #MAGA
that was a comment to the person who asked that dumb question. It's why we have the electoral college, duh!
the less successful states chose who is president cause Obama has hurt us the most. I'm from one, I know!
poca - are they here LEGALLY or ILLEGALLY?
Then we should withhold taxes. what're they going to do? invade us? #resist no more nice guys!!!!!!!!!!!!!
follow the law and it wouldn't be a problem don't pick and choose the laws that you want to abide by
WRONG it's not immigrants!  It's ILLEGALS!  Stop lying!!!
Do your job and ENFORCE the law!  Citizens before ILLEGALS!
how? Please explain
ummm exactly I'm taxed beyond taxed in this state so what's the point.
Fry's Electronic need to deport Senator Maxine Waters Schumer and any others Democrats who want to be rude nasty
I respect my president I love my president but I wish he would Deport Senator Warren Senator Pelosi
At risk because you insist on violating federal law. Don't blameTrump.  Illegal vs Legal immigrants #DemsRDone
No, not immigrants..
ILLEGAL Immigrants.
Money is a risk because of you and the assachusetts circle which includes you Warren.
then fucking get rid of them. Problem solved
not President TRUMP but the illegals
the president is not picking on immigrants but rather ILLEGAL immigrants -illegal being the key word #DumpWarren
what kind of taxes ?   State taxes yes but please explain how it is at risk due to local immigrants.??????
You are a huge disappointment, not a feminist and definitely not even smart. Or an Indian!
If all the blue-states withheld their tax revenue, the Fed would be broke. Talk about redistribution of wealth!
ILLEGALS ILLEGALS ILLEGALS ILLEGALS 
Why do you lie, #Fauxcahontas?
get a clue- there is s difference between immigrants and illegals
#ImpeachTrump #resist just get him out!  5 weeks in and worse than we feared.  He didn't know ins was difficult!
Yes, that's the one thing I remember about living in Mass. It is very expensive. A wonderful, incredible state. But very costly.
Over the years I've had conversations with my fellow high school alumni, who say they now can't keep up with the mortgage in MA.
And we know how much Dems love for citizens to pay more and more taxes.  Especially when $ goes to non-citizens
I doubt it, you yourself have made millions.  Again, there is a difference between legal and illegal.
legal or illegal immigrants?
Illegal immigrants.  I don't think you know the difference.
I believe that's true of most blue states.  I get angry when I read progressives are mooches.
MA doesn't get to decide what laws to obey
Why do u think u r above the law?  Why should MA be without bc of your ego & your circle of elected MA Employees
The money is at risk because your circle is breaking the law Why can't you just be a normal human instead of YOU
Warren u should be following the Laws not act like that A Hole Maura Healey The 2 of u should be in figging jail
WHAT ABOUT THE MILLION DOLLARS U OWE IRS? Why do u walk around w/ so much HATE? U suppose Senitor, don't see it
It's at risk because your looking out for refugees before the citizens! Also cause you liberals spend to much!
sounds as though you have not performed you job very well!! What cant get native american benefits now?
all you have to do is comply with Federal Law
the state should collect the federal tax themselves and then decide whether to turn it over to the feds
We need to cut the national debt Lizzy so stop spending the tax payers money.
If you lived in reality you'd have said @realDonaldTrump's order on illegal aliens. And change MA to TAXPAYERS or CITIZENS!!!
so is CA
Hey Genius, Govt wouldn't run if states got back all they paid in. @POTUS only putting illegals at risk.
California pays out as well and receives less in Federal funds.
heard thru the grapevine that we are ready to impeach liar Native American Warren.
.@SenWarren Ironic how blue states (more populated/educated) pay way more in taxes that get siphoned into the "Don't tax me!" red states.
can you just shut up woman.    You are a loser.    Time for you to step down.
u CAN use ur own doctors,  so maybe get your head examined. Oh, what proximity is ur home near any illegals.
WE THE PEOPLE USA CITIZEN HAV LOST R JOBS,SAFETY,BENEFITS, RIGHTS & SOME THEIR LIFE 4 UR CAREER CORUPT NARCISSISTIC POLITICO RICH
WE THE PEOPLE USA R GOV U R JUST A LYING CAREER CORRUPT NARCISSISTIC POLITICO MILLIONAIRE BIG MOUTH DICTATOR. WE LET GO LET GOD.
repeat after me "there is a difference between legal and illegal immigration" or better yet, just resign
what is the problem with obeying the immigration laws? 
 MA is not above the law...no one is. We're back to enforcing laws!
you shoul be in jail for breaking the law and your oath to defend the constitution and the American people.
what about put refugees before veterans.MA people are smart enough 2 put you out
what about you posing as an Indian & getting $400,000 grant, who gets that money
and you wonder why Trump won??? Pathetic! Your $ skills SUCK!
what about $380,000 you get for teach a class for an hour 3 times a week BS
Over a 140 billion spent a year on welfare and sanctuary cities for illegals. Why should we have to pay that!
. But Sen Warren, doesn't MA also get federal services? Of,course it does! But we should not shield lawbreakers.
Elizabeth Warren, thank you for doing your job so well! You are my role model.Feels good to know you r fighting!
If All American stop paying taxes until the President can shows that he paid too...#ShowUsYourTaxes
Sen Warren, did you ever think to bring a veteran w/you to address tonight?Nope. Political points more important
confused on legal and illegal immigrants? Get your priorities in order. Midterms is coming, can't wait!
What are you going to do about it? I'm with you, whatever it is. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
take your seat and sit down
you are so smart you should be able to figure out a way to get what you want
If they don't have to give us money, we shouldn't have to pay the tax. He wouldn't pay if he didn't get service
No one has a problem with people coming here legally.  Why can't they do that?
when Little Donnie Dumb Dumb says something ridiculous (he will). Laugh and laugh loudly. He deserves it.
MA should follow the rule of law. If we don't we lose fed funds. Sanctuary cities are target-rich environments.
follow California keep it.  Let the red states suffer
can our state stop sending that money too the federal Gov????
Ya they pay to much in distortion as all American's do!
NEVERTHELESS, SHE PERSISTED!
Pocahantis, I have a suggestion , U PAY FOR THE ILLEGALS, give up your houses, drain your bank accts, Hypocrite
@frankdugan @realDonaldTrump weird that states with net outflows of revenue are Democrat states (for the most part)
Hey look who's back on Twitter!  It's #wackypocahontas. We missed your inane babbling.
CA pays more in taxes than we get back in Federal funds. But that money is at risk because of the DT programs.
this is what we are dealing with! Stupid, rude people! And I'm not talking about the 50 black people in the room
my question is how did you become so rich on your salary?   Stop pretending you care about the people you rob
They're illegal aliens and they don't deserve anything but a kick in the ass back to wherever they came from.
Another Socialist Communist! You and Burnie won't be happy until you destroy America through taxation, morons!
Socialism and Communism are two different things, and that's not how you speak to a lady, Mr. Gentleman.
I'm sorry, I've been paying more in taxes for 35 yes than Ive been getting back. You want a credit? Laughable
lier lier pants on fire Pocahontas you have no credibility
so you millionaires and billionaires shouldn't be compelled by force of government to pay your fair share?
cut them off!
Keep it up fool!!!
This is true of NY as well. Can you imagine if NY and New England just decided we have had enough?
you are a true bobblehead doll but you're not much of a dog you got the Uglies
I think you're probably the sickest sob that I've ever encountered
-Here is Senator Sitting Bullshit...and Sitting Bullshit pays 0 taxes. but American taxpayers pay her salary.
obey the law.  Learn difference between legal and illegal immigrants
Wow she know how to write. Thought she only knows how to run her mouth
You are a crooked politician and  will be gone very soon!  Do our Democrat party a favor and leave it!
NY. MA. CA etc all pay more in than they get out. We have the wealth, hospitals. Why cant we go it alone?
File a bill to reduce all Sen salaries, join our retirement and health plan....we'll all very golden...
Shows how self centered you are. Shallow, non caring. Forgetting our Vets. Pay day comming for FAKE POLITICIANS.
who is sending out these twits for you, you are looking foolish
When's your town hall, Senator Warren? We'd love to organize like OFA and go after you and your terrible record
The far - left liberal agenda is more important than your constituency though isn't it Senator Warren?
Sen. Warren, I see you're bringing a refugee tomorrow. Yet another example of you putting your constituents last
Sen. Warren, if illegal immigrants can break the law, just curious, what laws am I allowed to break?
you are so wrong and so non important anymore sorry dear it is time for you to step down you are hurting our party
the order is for illegal immigrants stop lying to your constituents #SecureTheBorder
I wonder, how many of Trump's blue caller supporters know that ,THEY pay MORE taxed to gov then HE pays.
does anyone work as hard as you? Do you even sleep? Bravo! 
and the reason they pay more is because of your failed social experiments. Less Government is better
How about if all the Blue States SUCCEED & form a more perfect union with Canada! See how the RED States make it
So Liz ur saying the illegal  immigrants are the one's paying the taxes in MA?
you can start by giving your salary (federally funded) to the MA general fund. Put ur money where ur mouth is.
So unhappy about this.
Lizzy You Are Indeed a Cartoon, You Look It Act It, and Hillary made a Fool Out Of YOU.Keep Quiet Fool AKA DAFFY
maybe you can declare MA your reservation and make it all tax free?
Mexican immigrants make 10 times what Am workers make, with exchange rate and remittances. A real unfairness....
it's called following the law .. not pick the law you want to follow .. or ethnicity . You get the idea 
Same situation here in California.  We pay way more than we get back.
I am sure this is a lie
oh so u get cash based on how many illegals u take in !! Not the American way chippy smarten up support trump!!!
I would love if our tax money stayed in our state and/or New England.  Can we please be seceded to Canada?
hypocrite decries wall st and wealthy when she invested in it to become wealthy to tune of $8MM; shrill; sham
Why do you think it's ok to break some laws Senator?
whatever Lizzy Borden warren. Crazy hack
Perhaps the Donor States should consider suspending the revenue transfer to the federal government.
#TrumpsRevolvingTruth
#pizzagate #hypocrite
and our federal tax $$ goes to subsidize the Republican states who are bankrupt from conservative policies
Warren, if MA pays tax it is just what they owe! I personally pay a lot of taxes. Democrats have taken all!
Hmmm.. kind of feels like theft, huh?  Glad to see you are coming around. #babysteps  #TaxationisTheft
That's because Trump has no idea how to run a country.
Don't worry. With the legalization of marijuana in your state, you will be rolling in extra cash.
No the state house and senate just voted themselves raises costing taxpayers 18mil a year, still no $
hey #fauxcahontas , want some cheese and crackers to go with that whine? #MAGA @KellyannePolls @AnnCoulter
Calif is in the same boat!
CA too! He is the bad hombre
wow all caps 
can we stop Red states from scamming money off Blue states? END RED STATE WELFARE!
you pay more than you get back and you want to be President? Why do people keep voting for you?
: if @realDonaldTrump cuts off federal funds, then he will be guilty of taxation w/out representation. Will be time for tea party
get rid of the illegals and maybe Americans can save a little more from the drop in public assistance spending @realDonaldTrump
how about illegal immigrants
