It was the only place I got any healthcare, me and thousands of women.
Shanna #Sdhey19 you have Obamacare. You do not need Planned Parenthood anymore. remember they killed 300,000 babies last year. Da
Da.... Murder is not happening to me or my family BUT, I better Judge the Murders of other families. Right!
RedRider  what happens during an abortion.? A child dies that's what happens. The Mother gets off free.. Right. Then gets pregnant again
When are @SenateDems going to unite behind the push for Single Payer? America needs you to present a real alternative to Trump's nonsense
Most dems are not for single payer. It's too progressive for the party. I blame the superdelegates
if it's too progressive for even lib dems maybe u may wanna re-think. perhaps go to legit any other country if u wld like soc med instead
So because American Dems are scared of change/rich donors, we shouldn't provide what pretty much every other major country does? 
nothing is free.i refuse to pay taxes up the ass for shit i dont need. fed govt has no business in healthcare. it is a commodity not a right
Actually we need MORE government when it comes to healthcare. Currently big medical companies decide how expensive our medication is.
pretty much. Gov't isn't great, but anyone who thinks putting our lives in the hands of corporations is kidding themselves
govt does nothing produces no goods or services. which is why the private sector always out performs the public.put ur life in ur own hands

Stop abortions and get  funded
if u are told your future child has a disease that would force it to  die a horrible early death, you would bear that child into the world?
Yes
that's comparable to torture...
Sucking up babies through a healthy baby isn't
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains. One thinks himself the master of others, and still remains a greater slave than they...
Oborted baby never knew free or chains. Baby cant think for itself and still remains greater in the eyes of god than abortionists
I don't understand why any Rep or @SenateGOP would want anymore unwanted kids in ? They don't want to help with food or "handouts",so wtf?!
Their is birth control  and crossed legs. Stupid ppl
Thank you senator. Thank you.
i'd just as soon have you voting on impeaching the dictator if it's all the same to you Beth.
Impeach on what grounds
As long as Dems are voting for the destruction of babies, I will be
a solid, down the line Republican voter. Dems are wrong on this issue!!
Being pro-choice is not about destruction of babies. It's a choice on birth control and other health benefits for Wmen.
Abortion is not funded via our government. No matter who is in charge. You are anti abortion & I respect your right to decide that.
Planned Parenthood gets money from the government, taxpayer money. If they pretend it is for other than abortion services, and then use the money to support abortion activities, they are acting wickedly.
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
Elizabeth. Why do you need planned parenthood. You have Obamacare. Do not forget PP killed over 300,000 babies last year.
Thank you
WHAT A OUT SANDERS WIFE LYING TO GET TO BORROW MONEY AND WENT BANKRUPT AND HAS HIW MANY HOMES
Thank you!
Sorry for this redundancy-but please also be vocal re: all the services of P.P. Including HIV testing! Thank you Senator Warren!
Planned Parenthood is committing manslaughter. The word "Protect" won't get you through the pearly gates.
Planned parenthood deals in Babies being slaughtered.
Good for you.  Keep up the good work.
Everyone at some point will need healthcare it should be a human right now just for people who can afford it
Of course you will - you like killing the most helpless and innocent of the world. Shame on you.
How about cutting funding for abortion.
Why do u support a organization that kills babies
Defund PP it uses our tax dollars to kill babies
I see Eugenics is still on the table for Democrats... How deplorable.
#DefundPP
Planned parent hood is a organization straight out of the pits of hell. Killing babies is evil
I agree if they take abortion out.
What would Planned Parenthood do without those funds?  Same thing only with more private donations from Democrats who should spend their $$.
Go sanders
You are rediculous
We want & need Universal Health Care. Obama Care can easily be reformed into UHC. The foundation is there you just need to build on it.
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
Thank you keep pushing to work together for US. We deserve a fair affordable plan and fair taxes
Planned parenthood??? Isn't it in-planned parenthood???? That's the problem! If it was planned there would be NO problem! Jerks!
Damnedocrats the party of Death... you own it
Because it's your biggest donor

PP doesn't need gov. money
Just don't take my tax dollars to fund it, okay?
Plz Sen W this is the Dems chance 2 show tht U can govern.Amend w/good changes 2 ACA while also protecting PP.Force votes on real change
how does a 501 able to donate to campaigns? PP needs to operate on its own if so great. That money could be spent better.
Thank you, Sen Warren, Sen Dems! Is it true that defunding Planned Patenthood may be unconstitutional, that access to abortion is protected?
Thank you!! Us Dems want nothing to do with this abomination
you drag out children needing medical care constantly yet have no problem killing them before birth,can't have both
The staff @ top of planned parenthood need another Lamborghini? Let's protect them.
Pay for your own !
I don't want my taxes funding a group that kills babies & sells their body parts. Doesn't having those body parts make them human beings?
ask the real tax payers what they think
Not saying much the republicans are just as bad. Third party needs to be put in place to work for the people
You don't have the votes theres a reason Dems in Washington DC are all but extinct
Millions of Americans that are sick are praying and so many of the elder are worried. This is not the way a country can be governed
we support you. @SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden @SenSanders @SenFranken
Want to pay for the neighbor girls abortion? You don't party but pay bill? You play, you pay! Don't fund abortions!
Murderer !!!!

Yes be the supreme baby killer are getting a cut from the body parts
Liz and her fellow democrats use our tax dollars to rip unborn children from their mothers womb and kill them. Wombs should be sanctuaries!
You would have to actually vote on something first remember abstract and resist Democrats don't vote
Doing battle to kill kids......you sound so proud.
And that's why u keep losing. There's something repugnant abt ppl who don't mind dismembering and crushing the skull of another human being
Yes Pocahontas , keep those tax payer Abortions flowing !!! The Murder of unborn children is priority 1 for the Democrats !!!
Thank you for watching over us as our @POTUS doesn't care about us at all!!!!
He knows what's best for all of us can't bless America God bless Donald Trump
everyone seems to be forgetting about the people that are paying high premiums &can't even go to the doctor!! SHAME
Please stop pretending PP is anything but an abortion organization Ms @SenWarren !   Why should we want to pay for abortions!!
Mrs Warren. Planned Parenthood should not be supported by the government. They do do some good, but with current profits, no money.
Thank you for being our voice when we are NOT being heard.
Why is planned parenthood clinics needed if Obama care is working so well
Abortions all around. Personal responsibility be damned, full speed ahead!
How about protecting the babies PP kills.
the government is not paying for abortions.Planned parent has enough money to give to you so they don't need more
Unpatriotic, all of your kind
Guess Dems no longer care about the most vulnerable among us.  More important to have those campaign contrib from PP keep rolling in ......
Ms Warren, how is it that I am just an interested citizen and I clearly know more about the issues such as Planned Parenthood funding.

You will lose. 
WRONG again! The proposal is not the terrible thing  about planned parenthood the killing of innocent human beings needs protected!
#defundPP
How about a vote and concern for the millions of unborn babies?  Oh' forgot you don't give a damn!
Thank you
U-N-I-T-Y!  @SenateDems
And we will fight against you and the murder and selling of body parts of children in the womb. Your slide to hell is open go take a ride.
Your for choice as long as it didnt apply to your mother.
of course you will, they murder babies, chop & sell their parts & donate millions in profit to the @DNC.
Ultimately it doesn't really matter what you think Pocahontas
It can't just be dems...need to cross the aisle and talk with the sensible reps because without them we're doomed and people die.
When will the GOP' S let the Democrats in for the healthcare debate?
Thank you, thank you!!!
i am the face of planned parenthood. ,  2 daughters hopefully have same option, planning and preventing unwanted births key, if  YOU want 2.
Killing and butchering more babies.  Hitler would be proud of the democrats
Planned parenthood?  Who  will speak for the innocent child?  Will it be you?
You stand with baby murderers.  Disgusting
Pocahantas knows abortions do not destroy life.
Yes you talk big about ppl's right & care nothing for the rights of the unborn. Typical Democratic hypocrisy.
Not with my vote
Glad that my $27k per year for premiums and deductible are going to pay for women who can't buy $1 condom or free contraceptives.
NO MURDERING TAX DOLLARS DEMS ARE SO UN-CHRISTIAN! #DRAINTHESWAMP, U WILL LOSE IN 2018 NO MATTER WHAT U TRY! #MAGA
Planned Parenthood has killed more babies than smallpox..Keeping the Democrat Slave plantation at a mangable level
And also the lady who runs it doesn't deserve 650 grand a year.  And you libs own this HC mess. You're sinking the middle class.
They have no business using our money and donating to DNC. If they can do that they can run on donations.

Wasserman Schultz’s IT Aide Arrested At Airport After Transferring $300k To Pakistan From House Off http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/25/wasserman-schultzs-it-aide-arrested-trying-to-flee-the-country/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
Too bad Planned Parenthood come along 2 late. Could have put u in a trash can with food scraps No doubt u resulted from a drunken night
How about we support health care, but not baby death?
I bet you'd vote to protect Auschwitz
PP are murder factories!!!!
Taxpayer money should NOT be used to pay for abortions! Period! Condoms are cheap. Good grief!
No government healthcare of any kind ever.  Americans should be free to choose.   Government is incompetent and wasteful and unaccountable
Baby killer
Planned parenthood needs to go .#stopkillingbabysforparts
Life is precious.  Government should not be funding murder of innocent babies
How many liars in the Senate support Planned Parenthood? I think I know one and so do you. Here is a picture.
Planned Parenthood needs saving
We love you mom
When is trump going to be impeached
PP is all about abortion. They got caught lying about their other services & if they really cared about women they would separate the 2
Maybe planned parenthood shouldn't donate hundreds of thousands to democratic campaigns with my money. So yes NO more funding pph
My thanks once again.
You jump from one topic to another and NEVER get anything done!!!@
You'll kill babies but obstruct us from having decent health care but after all you are a dem
Baby killers
We don't want our tax payers money funding the sick people of #PlannedParenthood it's time to #DefundPP
yes vote to murder more children while at the same time claiming to defend children. you are a really sick woman
Why don't you vote to protect the unborn babies?  I will never understand you people!
Planned parenthood also provides contraceptives to help reduce abortions.
Health clinics provide contraceptives for little or no cost.  Planned parenthood is an abortion factory. Wish my tax dollars didn't fund it.
You all have to vote to cut your salaries and your freebies YOU serve country not country serve YOU
Are Democrats prepared to lose more seats in 2018?
You're on the wrong side again, dummy

#Trump
#MAGA
Awesome proposal. And it will pass.
Yes please vote 2 protect the abortionist &human baby part selling entity known as PP that Orig. started to sterilize blk wmn 2 improve race
Protect killing unborn children. Good job 
I say no!
Thank-You Senator!!
NO TAXPAYER MONEY For PLANNED PARENTHOOD!
Who's going to protect the innocent victims, the babies?
Hello how are you doing
So you promote murdering a child?
General strike! Shut down the country until democracy is restored!
Baby killer Liz.
 I support planned parenthood.
So why do we need to pay for PP if we have Obamacare?
You don't have the vote to pass anything and trump wouldn't sign it anyways way to waste time and taxpayers money
No money for PP.  they kill 
Medicare for all!
It's a Unborn Babies Human Right to live a normal life without the Threat of being aborted and then Dissected By Immoral Murders
state by state choice?
you are the devil. You must be stopped in Jesus name. Amen
@SenateDems and you can fund PP and the Sanger eugenics machine out of the @DNC party budget. The rest of us don't want tax $ spent on it.
Your terrible people that are in favor of killing God's children....letting them hack and pull them apart and sell their body parts..Gouls
1. it's spelled ghouls, 2. abortion doesn't work that way. Nowadays, they use a pill, and that's all it takes, and 3. not sentient.
Do they donate to you ?
You should pay for planned parenthood
what the proposal to end the needless killing of babies!
public money should not be funding an abattoir.
Will make super progressive promises than throw my support behind the establishment DNC.
we taxpayers want you murderers to pay for your own abortion.
Everyone is looking for the magic single payer healthcare, so give all the money to a govt half the citizens don't trust. lol great idea.
Planned Parenthood is not only a blood thirsty organization, now they're setting up programs to indoctrinate kindergartners to homosexuality
I'll believe it when I see it.
Evil!
You say millions will die with healthcare plan.Do you know Planned Parenthood kills over a 1/2 mil. Babies in US in 1yr.
PP saved my life TWICE. 1st by helping me out of a DV relationship & supporting me NOT getting an abortion & 2nd diagnosing my cancer.
Think about the baby when you support killing it. Read your bible, repent, and have self respect. Be responsible for your actions

ill believe it when i see it
you guys are useless -  all talk, no action, and when you do talk it's confusing, trite, and poorly stated.
So in other words the republicans are not gonna stop us from killing babies
Will Dems introduce legislation that prohibits boycotting people refusing microchip implants for employment, healthcare, to buy and sell?
Thank you
If more people actually planned to have a family, we wouldn't need planned parenthood.
Stripping @PPact as religious righteousness against abortion is cover 4 religious righteousness against female independence frm men
Independent mature woman would not have unplanned pregnancy and have everyone else pay for it
to bad no pp
Margaret Sanger would be proud of you Pocahontas!
