People are dying now health ins so expensive and high deduct but you did nothing to fix it hypocrite!
Thank you for fighting. I fear what this means for my 12 year old daughter ...Crohns, Juvenile Arthritis, and more are her preexisting.
Karma to those who voted in Trump and to those who voted for this repeal.
Can you post a link to back your comment that's from a legit source?
They've certainly rubbed up against your face 
Oy , it's a facial holocaust!
yes especially yours, apparently more disease and sickness, probably comes from being colbert holster
What about the state of the VA hospitals in your very own state?
Look into
Jack Posobiec, tracked down as "patient zero" on Macron "leaks", with his Russian wife at Trump's Inaugural Ball. 
If you cared one shit about us you would have improved your own states veteran care! And you would get off your ASS and help! But you won't!
Thankfully I didn't vote for you.
I do not understand why so many US citizens are against a healthcare system like we have in Canada. In Alberta we pay $0.
and many Canadians travel to the US for medical procedures. Not so many go the other way. 
Just the wealthy who don't want to wait their turn.
Idk about that. My friends mother wasn't wealthy. But she was older.
Mental illness touched you.
@RoyBlunt @clairecmc @AARPadvocates  @jimmykimmel @BreneBrown @aplsmith5 Our leaders need to practice empathy.
Also, soooooooo true!
And dementia has touched you.
Don't you believe in God?

@SenWarren, Is ANYTHING said in this clip false?https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/861021008001724416 …
Can we get a death toll scoreboard if this makes it through?  My ashes are to be shipped to GOP if this kills me for lack of insulin.
thank you chief Warren
Please keep fighting the fight. Help us!
So true 
Yes, liberalism is a disease but the only way to cure it is to realize it doesn't work. #SocialismSucks
You make it sound as though people actually do!!! Go watch Steven Colbert!!! Extremest wackos... Wack-a-dos
You will never have to worry who we vote for, it won't be you because your insane.
Are you that dense? Never mind.
The only tragedy is you Pocahontas! For the love of God, go away!
When I lost my ins. because I couldn't afford 800 a month, I knew EXACTLY who to blame.
Wait Obamacare was gonna stop old age.....shit who knew
Hppens to everyone, With or Without insurance.......?
You should have thought of that when you shoved Obamacare down the American public's throats.
Its not worth Having #ObamaCare if you have to #Choose whether to #eatorpay4ins what would you choose?? Oh but you are Exempt !
What Warren is not telling people is the failure of the current system.  Very easy to blame others.. new plan is far better but not perfect
Socialism is a disease. #Locohontas
you and your supporters are idiots. Dems created the mess of Obama care the least you could do is help fix that mess
GOP only cares about their guns, protecting unborn babies & the rich, let everybody else figure it out #ProtectOurCare #resist
Unless u are a Vet, dying on waiting lists. If more Vets voted democrat, I bet the VA would get fixed. #Pathetic
OBAMACARE WAS A HORRIBLE MESS FORCED ONTO HARDWORKING CITIZENS, SHAME ON YOU!
no and it didnt when all  my premiums doubled on Obamacare  but you dont are about  reg people just alot of hot air
IT'S OVIOUS YOU SUFFER FROM ALL 3....MAKE THAT 4 CAUSE POLITICALLY HAVING YOU REPRESENTING  PEOPLE IS A TRAGEDY,  MAJOR TRAGEDY
Indian Heritage sure didn't ask you for any support!  They deny any knowledge of your ancestry Pocahontas  LOL!!!
Obama care is not great by any means. Let's hope that Trump care does offer something better at this point anything would be better
Funny to hear the Canadian healthcare system. Even Hillary admitted it was bad. You all love it so much go there and enjoy the tax for it.
Go home. Start changing ur diaper more often. U stink.
Pocahontas I'm thinking that's all the things that are affecting your sick mind
Do you have Obamacare Lizzy? I think not.
You keep confusing #AHCA with Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIPS.  None have anything to do with the other.
This is ridiculous! The poor are covered by Medicaid, The old are covered by Medicare and children are covered under CHIPS.  Get real! #AHCA
And Ignorance and stupidity touches every Democrat.
So Mrs. Warren what exactly is your plan? I see you riling up folks but do you have a solid healthcare plan that will help Americans?
And guess what else? People will die with or without insurance. It's part of the circle of life. Deal with it, Senator.
Too bad it didn't touch yours...yet!!!!
I will die under Obama  Care ,
Please, for the sakes of over 24 million, stop this abomination of a bill.
@Marina_Sirtis If only it did!
Disease, sickness, old age has touched your party. I don't think that tragedy asked who ppl voted for either. Maybe this is just like  to u
why r U making it a "voter issue"? Just shut hell up & let it all fall n2 place & C were  is @ 2020. OC givn a chance. Give this a chance
let's see what DEMONcrat said, if u like ur healthcare & doc, u can keep?" LIARS, all of you!! Good WORKING people lost w/obummer

Like your #Obamacare..pass it...you can keep your doctor...all LIES #ElizabethWarren
News flash that's part of life. We are lucky enough to be in America where we have have a plethora of opportunities vs the 3rd world.
And every family can go get insurance if they're worried about that.
Yes, it does. Which is why I wish you didn't support programs that have made it more expensive for me to take care of my family.
Lies! Millions died when ObamaCare increased premiums & decreased coverage. Dems did nothing as millions of Vets died during Obama's 8 years
Brainwashing citizens to believe that Trump doesn't care! Obamacare was the big lie! Premiums increased, coverage decreased & people died!
#Bluewave2018
Real tragedy is the lies you told to pass ACA. Still waiting on my $2500 in annual savings
Ive never had Obamacare - cant afford it!  I've zero coverage several yrs now. Don't wag ur finger n my face! Repubs just saved your butt!
Then why do Congress, the Senate, scores of unions & you have waivers?
What's your point? There is NO insurance plan that can stop you from getting sick or dying. Period. Stop the drama. #RepealAndReplace #MAGA
It also does not ask how much you make.
Lost again eh! You damocraps, lefist been losing a lot lately! We're sick of you. Get back on the reservation!
We are counting on you + rest of Senate to kill this travesty!  House Republicans out in 2018, Ryan first!  Please fight, we trust in you!
#BernieWouldHaveWon #BernieCare #CollegeForAll #StudentDebtCrisis
EXACTLY!
Yeah we know. That's why we voted U out! U screwed us out of Drs and our plans. Then made deductibles so high we can't afford it! Hypocrites
And soon Hitler began sending them to the gas chambers too.
Go look for liars in the Senate Liz. Follow the clues.
That you weren't aborted is a tragedy:(
you will never be what u hope for. Uspeak to a smaller group of bubble nyc &insane California illegals that u promise care 4vote
Should have remembered that with Obamacare, Poco
Ocare didn't stop this either, just made it harder for middle Americans to survive!
It should! Because millions of working class people who voted on Trump lies will suffer & die if they're able to destroy the ACA (Obamacare)
Anything is better than the obama scam
WELL I SURELY WONT VOTE FOR YOU, YOU ARE SO OUT OF TOUCH WITH YOUR SOCIALISM BS
pocahontas
Didn't ask for the last 7 years, either.  #stupidbitch
You're a loon. Stop lying to the America people like you did to get Obamacare passed. Resign
Pregnancy touches every family too.
What would be funny is if @realDonaldTrump grabbed @StephenAtHome by his pussy. @colbertlateshow
If Tragedy did ask I'd answer "Not for @SenWarren or @SenSchumer or @NancyPelosi or @HillaryClinton or @POTUS44 or any in that clown car"
It sure has touched you snowflake.
No only democrats because if u r illegal they want your vote and will give u our money For free
Now I must step to fight for my mothers health care
Whats your plan?
Let's collect enough followers to send the bill to congress and all the ones who voted against obamacare.
Then why did you vote AGAINST funding cancer research? I guess there were deeper pockets
They touch all - but the rich aren't bankrupted by them and don't have to decide between losing their life or losing their reason for living
No, but Obamacare mostly benefits the rural poor in red states, as does welfare & food programs. But, they hate it so let them starve & die.
We can see all of those things in your face, and hear them in your voice #fauxcahontas. Dementia is creeping up on fast
Donald Trump sexually assulted SUMMER in person now his assaulting us with satellites in the breast help
Congressman Sean Duffy:
Demwits lost house, senate and presidency over Obamacare! 

You will lose bigger in 2018!
I would like to know what Dems voted for this so we can take their jobs and vote in people who will work for us.
Lizzy If You Run For POTUS In 2020 You Will be Guaranteeing Trump A 2 Term Presidency You Are The Same Fool As Failed Hillary U R Delusional
Easy to forget the vulnerable if one is rich.
Stop talking crap about Obama and I'll respect you more. We need everyone or #TheResistance slows. No fighting amongst ourselves.
@Tackspayer even Native Americans like Sen. Warren. 
#MakeAmericaGagAgain we must stay focused and hold the Greedy Old Party accountable  #Indivisible #2018 
You right, pre-existing came to my body (Lupus) I didn't ask for this. I have to live with it. I am so hurt about this outcome.
You forgot liberalism on your tragic list of illnesses
You are so very right!!
But the @HouseGOP made sure they are protected, you know, because they represent their constituents
You stopped selling the advantages of #ACA and 'hoped' @GOP would play dead, while debating 2016 Hillary loss, 51 Senate Votes makes it law.
Really?
I'm running against Steve Knight in CA-25. People with zero compassion for their fellow Americans should not be making decisions like this.
.@SteveKnight25 If this is your competition, looks like you're a lock for 2018.
You should have thought about thT when you forced the ACA on us!
I don't believe that the current healthcare bill stopped any of those thing! People still got old, had disease and sickness. Whats UR point?

Is this country a place where we stand up for each other and help each other? We will find out and it will be clear and loud to everyone
They are not moral or ethical but we will remember when it's time to vote
No, but leftist rioters do!
Neither does RAPE
Well Obamacare certainly helped no one considering it was so expensive no one used it. The diseased, sick, and old were still screwed.
All fine and good for your future. I may not have one. Don't get mad get even. For those of us that may not survive if it passes the Senate.
Well put!
Pugmunster. You're a hater. Unfortunately, the world's full of them, so it's nothing to be proud of.
HELP US
It should. If it did, only republicans would feel the tragedy their decisions cause.
No, but university admissions offices ask if you're an American Indian. So why did you lie?
WHO CARES WHAT SHE IS??? I WANT MY ACA!
What is going on? How do we stop this? Help us. He is ruining our country.
Dems literally have no voice anymore. Vote out every single Democrat in office and vote ones in that will fight. These ones are useless.
They did fight as much as they could. What else would u like them to do?
Wow that's really clever. Who told you that?
But I will - every single time I hear someone complaining about these horrible policies the 1st ? I ask will be "Who did you vote for?"
GOP does not care about taking care of sick. So much for being in Washington to improve American lives.
TOTSL DISREGARD FOR PEOPLE THIS IS DISGUSTING
Ok with you that Obama just donated $2M to a Chicago kids program?
Tragedy is NOT RaCist!!
what are y'all doing about it?
Lying and it's consequences also touches everyone ....especially when people in power are as artfully gifted at the craft as you!!!
make sure this shit dies in the Senate
PLEASE BE STRONG. DEFEAT THIS NIGHTMARE BILL
#AHCA
Well, you're welcome I guess.  Enjoy your freedom of choice and lower cost.  #MAGA
Remember this! Will happen to YOU TOO! So are YOU GOING TO VOTE YOURSELF THE SAME HEALTH BILL?!
does the new health care plan  plan cover crazy?  You need help.
For whom you voted.  Please learn English.
Lying about your heritage, stealing 350k to teach one class while preaching about student loan debt ... walking hypocrite
Do you have a preexisting condition? Does anyone in your family? THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE LOSING...THAT HEALTHCARE. THAT is the conversation.
and it sure doesn't ask how much money you make!!  Shame on them, this isn't about politics, it's about taking care of humankind. #ACA
0 Democrats voted to pass the bill. Saw a graphic showing 2 votes in yes column during the vote on @MSNBC. Someone else will have 2 explain.
God Bless you ma'am!!
Help we need single payer !
Just call the Medicine Man. He'll fix you right up
You had 8 yrs to fix Obama care and failed. What makes you the pro all of a sudden?
Whoever voted for Obamacare that's costing Americans over 1.8 Trillion Dollars a Year should be Impeached and Indicted for Extortion.
You are old and demented, get out

Life can change overnight. Accidents happen. No one asks for chronic diseases. I wouldn't wish it on anyone.
Sen. Warren, is it true that there is an exclusion for congress members in this bill?
#medicare4all #VoteNoAHCA Congress has publicly funded healthcare. How can #WeThePeople gain true strength? Do we have to wait for midterms
Lizzy You Remain A Very Failed Politician, So Stop Your Dog Quest For Running In 2020 You Will Make Trump A 2 Term Potus You Are A Liability
Exactly! Nor does it care about the color of one's skin, the balance of one's savings acct. or political affiliation. Republicans are mean!
