I'd trust the #MilkMan #MailCarrier #GarbageMan w/ education plans before @BetsyDeVos
I'd like to see more emphasis on how these scam schools prey on veterans
Definitely
private and for profit aren't the same thing
In that case, it's just a Covfefe issue.
Totally agree, but doesn't matter. Throw out of England, so changed the name of the company. The rich are different.
Under Obama USA was under murky waters 2subdue Excellence, drowned by Heavy-weight Haters. At least DeVos will allow Truth&Talent 2flourish
Used to like you a lot. Now I see youbas a nag that never stops. 
Please. 2018 cannot come fast enough when we get to vote you out. You're an embarrassment to MA residents.  Read the polls.....
Another outright lie Hiawatha?
Education is the Foundation that a Strong Society rests upon.Those who which 2 see it crumble, r Our Enemies! No tax $$$ 4 private schools!
And, what exactly have you done again?
So far what has Elizabeth Warren done oh yeah thats right lied her way through college and now congress
And what have YOU done for the people of Massachusetts? Where are your accomplishments and results?
E Warren accomplishes more in one day than you've probably accomplished in your life. She WALKS Her Own TALK!
May She Live Long and PERSIST!
Kind of like getting paid $400k+ to teach one class....
It will be fun watching you not be elected President in 2020
We home schooled our kids for around $250 year.   They are successful and normal.  How about you start holding parents accountable
What have you done besides complain?
I'm sure you have received your $400000 paycheck for lectures. Stop with hyprocacy
The probable is the availability of gov or gov guaranteed money. If the gov is giving away taxpayer money someone is ready to take it...
Sounds about right for a trump fox-guarding-the-henhouse appointee.
DJT had a shady for profit U who hired DeVos who plagerised herself has no experience in education is suppose to fix the problems??#pay4play
still pointing fingers at others! what have they done? they have only been in office for 4 mths, what have u done???? stop spreading ur hate
As a Communication major, I feel somewhat cheated. No education about what the real jobs will pay once you graduate, some my fault though.
Being from her home town, Grand Rapids, MI, we know what an empty suit she is. She's universally hated by those less than billionaires.
What do U say to students w/ HS diploma's they can not read "forget your dreams" ? U Libs have been in power for most of the last 8 years.
You got to be kidding. You're so full of BS
What have you done, you were told once I'll say it again sit down and shut up
your female staff makes 70% of what your male staff does. I apologize for the loss of your high horse
Cheating is something you are intimately familiar with isn't it Liawatha?
You are a fraud of the highest order
Cheat students? Like pretending to be an Indian? #sittingbullshit
We Michiganders tried to warn you she is a con-artist and religious crusader....
That's all DeVos et al REALLY understands: FOR-PROFIT
Public Schools and their teachers NEED ALL THE MONEY THEY CAN GET! 
#THINKLIKEYOUNEED$
Students have been cheated by teacher's unions for 3 generations. Where were you when that was happening, Betty?
You didn't mind when you took 350,000 for "teaching" one class you fake Indian fraud.
And don't forget...she's completely undermined public education.
Betsy doesn't know what it's like to struggle paying bills.She would understand if she had to choose electric bill or school loan payment.
Universities rip off students with their generous benefit & tenure policies. This is the root cause of the rampant college inflation.
What has Warren done? Posed as an Indian to score big money at Harvard and voted on a bill before she read it Bwahahaha
GOOFEY it's designed to lower costs.  Gov. is the reason tuitions are so high and over 1 trillion is owed.  College is overrated anyway
Goofey cheated her way into college by lying and saying she was Indian ..shame on you
Please run for president
Jealousy will get you no were.
I am sure whatever stocks she has have gone up!
@SenWarren Do you smoke a peace pipe since you are #NativeAmerican ? Lol. You are a crazy women
Doesn't surprise me listening to her speak during her confirmation hearing!
A crook is robbing America and all of you are powerless to stop him.
your partisanship over #America is truly mind boggling.
I think old Lizzie Warren, our only Indian 
Senator, has a feather up her butt about DeVos. Good it means Betsy is doing something right.
How's Ben Carson doing?
More to the question. What have you done besides trying to divide this great nation.
The main question here is what has Senator Warren done in her career? Not much is the answer
Hey Indian, you have no clue
Chicken Little " the sky is falling"
What have you done besides go on a book tour?
What did she give as a rationale? What are these hires supposed to be doing? If they're cheating students, you must be able to stop this!
Don't forget the proposal to cut two TRIO programs.
Huh? Your documents please
Isn't DeVos'  job description? Billionaire thief and fraud?

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
Oh well. No more fancy school funded dinners for you.  :(
And you are concerned WHY?
If @GOP isn't making money off of colleges & college students, then why have them? That's their fucked-up thinking. (eg: Wheels for Meals)
Fear mongering. That's all you do. You have been in office for years and still no solutions.
Yes, that's what she's done.
Hey Pocahontas, perhaps you should refrain from use of the word "cheat" ... @realDonaldTrump
She can share a bunk room with Kellyanne Conjob in Cell Block 45.
For-profit colleges & for-profit charters belong in the trash
What have you done? Help send our tech jobs overseas!
Can you make it so people who actually work don't have to give their life savings to their kids college
So it's pretty much #MissionAccomplished, then?
Removed the disabled kids website, the first day.
Thank you for standing up against @BetsyDeVosED! She is a tragedy for our great country!
Aren't you employed by a shady for-profit college?
Do you really want to go down the road of cheat and students Pocahontas ?
Can you be more specific or is this fake news?
I was under the believe that for-profit colleges and universities Where there to make students think like you Wardens a fool in my book
But cheating colleges out of money posing as an Indian is ok? #TermLimits #maga
your slacking Elizabeth are you getting tired of bashing Trump with the rest of them?
Applause to you
Sounds like your know the program pretty much describes you term limits now
What have you done for the people of MA. Nothing except line your pockets and screw over the people of MA.
Well, look who appointed her - Trump University and $25M ring any bells?
Just like Trump University
Please, bust the lobby that works on behalf of for-profits!
Thank you for all you do Senator! You are appreciated!
Cheer up @SenWarren .  I'm sure you can find more pressing issues to be concerned about.
What about the bigger problem, you know Donald Trump being incompetent and dangerous and all?

#resist
The dumbing down of America. Keep them out of college so we can tell them what they are supposed to believe.
I knew she was not the right choice. Trump administration the most corrupt in history. It's beyond unacceptable.
All colleges are collecting shady profits. Every single one of them. The worst thing they do, is poisin our childrens minds with liberalism!
Are you surprised?
You wouldn't know shady if it hit you in the face thank God everyday for president Trump draining the swamp put on your goggles
I hope all you Dems are organized to fight for us with each person owning a group of issues as to stay focused.
Thank you for staying on top of this and so many other issues.
She's corrupt also involved in #trumprussia
Hey Dizzy, tell us why college higher costs aren't caused to a great degree by union contracts. Just asking!
Lizzy the Liar! You are just jealous of DeVos because she has been so SUCCESSFUL while you Lizzy have been a FAILURE! Pochahontas lies!
she was hired by the creator of Trump University. File her behavior under D'uh
Dear Betsy DeVos: The Religious Right’s Education Agenda
She's vile and evil like the rest of 45 deplorable administration!!
She works for one.
Just a warm up to her full bag of tricks
Gross !
When are you start looking at the real facts?
Betsy is a Dalek...
Probably advisers tied to TRUMP UNIVERSITY what in the HELL is wrong with these people.  Oh they know they can get away with it
Not qualified for her position. She's a joke; pay for play.
It shouldn't be acceptable to anyone in this land, that our leaders enrich themselves thru actions which knowingly create misery for others.
@BetsyDeVosED Is just another corrupt swamp monster in this administration!
This is the mission statement for her business model.
Proof?
What do you expect from the appointee of a fake school scammer?  Trump is a felonious fraudster. He always has been. His father was. #fraud
AND defending @therealdonaldtrump when he guts her department and says it's a GOOD thing for parents? How, Why?
When he goes I hope she & other undesirables n sense they don't know what they're doing goes with him.
SENATOR WARREN I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE HAS DONE IF SHE LISTENS TO HER CONSCIENCE I'M SURE SHE WILL DO WRIGHT!
Run for president already
Typical rich person move. Make more for profit colleges great again. We all know what a rip off they are #TrumpUniversity
@BetsyDeVosED - you will not destroy our education system, there is no way parents will allow guns on school property or religious classes.
Other Countries CAN't Trust USA, Why? Need Intensive Financial, Medical & MENTAL of ANY Leaders, USA Now ACTS Schizophrenic. LAWS A MUST
She is only in this to line her pockets. #impeachtrump
About as much as u have in ur time in the senate. #nothing#libtard
What have u done? Should be the real question. Dems expect others to fixed the things they f'ed up.Get real Lizzy ur time is running out.
So everything she wanted to get done.
Happened now duck
I still can't believe that they put an uneducated person in this job she has a BA..not even in education.
She has no business with this job
She totally destroyed big part of the school districts in Michigan... Educators voted against her...she does not understand education..
So far what have you done besides run your mouth and make videos   What have you done for MA or 
I bet you she is a real woman!!
@SenJoniErnst You need not worry; Joni Ernst told her constituents at a town hall, she, personally would hold Devos accountable
Cheat students? Like charging $60k/yr so you can pay a fake native American $400k/yr to teach one class? That kind of cheating?
Yes, lining the pockets of private "schools" under the guise of *school choice*. Just look at her appalling track record in Detroit.
Shady huh? Is there a Govt agency who rates these shady colleges?
Continued dumbing down of America! She is no friend of education!
She can't even spell education.
Meanwhile, you cheated the school loan system
she did let the servers in her company communicate with Trump's servers along with two Russian banks to copy voter rolls.  There's that.....
Shady like planned parenthood??
CHEAT is the GOPs middle name. They can't win with popular ideas, so they cheat EVERY WHICH WAY THEY CAN! #VoterPurge
Because every popular idea is amazing......not
Trump is proof of that.
She has a frightening agenda that rivals @realDonaldTrump
Considering who hired her, are you surprised?
Lets see your evidence?
Trump's recipe for success
she makes it easier to force students into bankruptcy, destroy hope of mobility and ensure a new crop of trump voters who who will blame DNC
Oh, well that's just because she's a horrible person is all.
CA is still waiting on it's Perkins Allocation for 17-18. Community Colleges are unable to finalize apps since the Dept of Ed is so late.
sounds like why she was appointed
Shady? You want to talk shady Ms Native American?
that piece could laughably be titled "Warren Hasn't Apologized For The Crimes Of The State Throughout History; Her Opinions Are Null & Void"
"Elizabeth Warren Only Wants The Federal Government To Do Good Things And Not Bad Things: Why She Should Be An Anarchist"
You are thick as a brick.  Wait till the media finds out about your insider trading
Liar!
Elizabeth stay on her like a dog on a bone
#Fauxcahontas
You need to stand down on this after lying about heritage for priority placement and obscene Harvard salary.
Where the he'll is Grassley who went after for profit scolls for the same thing?

Yea Liz.  Go have dinner w your friend the president of cal Berkeley.  She'll set you up w a lavish dinner!  After she raises tuition again!
who is paying u  $4400,00 TO TEACH ONE COURSE ?
Shenwas hired by Harvard and paid the standard professor fee at the most prestigious college in the world, the amount is wrong
Lady, do some good would you! billionaire DeVos is not trying to screw the kids. You're a demagogue.
Run for president in 2020 please 
She got a Cubs World Series ring. To me, unfortunately, that's something.

She's lined her own pockets along with her wealthy friends.

