Should been doing this.
I'm shocked that you don't know who the terrorists are and stop them
I don't trust ANYTHING you introduce! You're a snake in the grass!! #FRAUD #LYINGLIZZIE
@Here2Resist @SenatorCollins bipartisanship works when senators put We the People first.
What a fantastic thing you did!
What's wrong with regular hospitals
You need to stop the hate we have laws pass the Fair tax now
I don’t get it. Haven’t vets been complaining for years that those facilities & access suck?
Wow, that was so touching.
HUH?  The VA has it's own problems that need to be worked through, Now Lizzie wants to burden them further. Wouldn't colleges be better?
Or you could just introduce a travel ban to prevent terrorists from bringing their terror to our shores.
Vast majority of terrorists homegrown.
9/11 ring a bell? Not one of them homegrown.
I stand by my assertion. Majority of jihadists in US are US-born. Majority of terrorists in US white supremacists.
The facts don't care what you assert
But he's right. The 911 criminals were a minority. Most terrorists in US are white supremacists.
I don't see any white supremacists on this list
Build the wall and you won't have any victims of terrorist to help.
I am against this . Military facilities are those who are serving in the Military not for civilians
They are simply asking to access the expertise of facilities dealing wth/trauma injuries common in combat but not civilian life. Why deny?
Democrats have actually funded the payments of suicide bomber terrorist families made by Muslims! Always count on demacts to pay off cronys!
So I noticed during that phone call you kept checking on the camera
I'm shocked that u don't know there is an internal war on th U.S. now...Islam
How about pass bill to stop arming jihadists terrorists in Syria.
Congrats Jessica & Patrick! U guys ran inspiration to us all
Oh I get it . Just like every other Democrat ptogram..you cause terrorism the it prompts another program to deal with damage
Now you do something to help them????? That Harvard University didn't, teach you guys much on compassion.  Shoulda been doing this.
Excellent initiative, also moving to see how self aware Jessica and Patrick are, God Bless!
Jessica & Patrick, you have remarkable spirit in dealing with this tragedy! Wishing you all the best on this bill and in accessing care!
Foreign AND domestic? #AltRight bombers
God bless you Senator Warren. You WILL be our first female president . We love you .
But the Republican scumbags have already cut the funding so badly services at military hospitals now poor -- until we get single payer.
Keep your eye on the ball, the AHCA must die.
Liz, you have a pretty posh office there! You squandering gov funds to pay for that? Get an office in the low rent district!
Thank you Senators!
We love U Always Thanks For Protecting Us In The USA
Glad to see you doing SOMETHING positive! 
Sen. Warren has long been doing many positive things. It is Sen. Collins who is so erratic.
Nice very nice!
All well & good, but we can't find resources to care for actual vets so where are the extra funds & facilities coming from?
Wow how bout sniffing out terrorism all together! Oh but how could u possibly win ur next election u shallow lib Warren leftys
By doing so you delay treatment to our fighting men and women. Have you lost your mind.
I get the sharing of Medical personnel, however, most Military bases have downsized to clinics and Mil people don't have enough access.
Yeah because probably there is no hospital that will help? Making something sound important when it's not. How's the VA doing by the way?
How? Very badly, since Republican scumbags have cut its funding so badly.
and who is paying for that you or the tax payer
What about Kate Steinly and the illegals? And you want to run for Potus.
This is a great "out of the box" idea. Massive trauma presents a huge treatment challenge, Trauma  patients need better options. This is one
indeed, remuneration for the work of crisis actors should be commensurate with their karmic sacrifice in serving your terrorist enterprise.
WTF took you so long????
You are irrelevant...an embarrassment to we women of substance!
Why would anyone want to be treated at a military facility other than Walter Reed they are all bad
It is time to somehow stop the top 1% dark money from destroying my country. I see it in Louisiana & in congress many are bought & paid for.
SENATORS IF IT WERE NOT FOR ACTS OF MEN AND WEMON SUCH AS YOU IT WOULD NOT BE SO!
I KNOW WHAT IT IS LIKE TO HAVE A HANDICAPPE !A LONG TIME AGO THEY DID NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TYPE OF MEDICINE FOR THOSE LIKE ME !IF IT WERE NOT+
Big deal, still a do-nothing liar and poser
This is a great example of the spirit and love of americans when we unite together!  Thank you @SenWarren  #MAGA
Nice job Senator! Doin' work in behalf of the people... time to move on from being an election denier.
Please include the thousands of citizens who have been shot and will be soon. Congress always has the best of everything like healthcare.
Say again why you want to subject civilians to the VA as it stands today?  Wait a year or two until @POTUS has had time to fix it.
Although, I think vicitms of domestic terrorists, should not have to face the medical expenses. There should be a fund for victims of such.
About time you got to work and stop trashing  everything our President does or says. remember what happened yesterday Liz!
more free stuff to the snowflake generation! Whose liberal parents caused Muslim terrorism in America! A joke!
Why just the military hospital?
Does this include victims and families of Domestic terrorism since that's the majority of victims in this country?
Good work.
You should introduce an act that keeps terrorist out of our country. Pocahantas
I would like to see veterans treated too.
Military facilities have enough back log. ???
That is the main problem with this otherwise very attractive idea.
We need victims to survive and be heard, especially members of  Congress previously opposed to sensible gun control.
But so has civilian medicine.
Now you are working with Repubs to help Americans! Reaching across the isle not so painful! Stop trashing @realDonaldTrump!
As long as Trump keeps lying so boldly and subverting democracy, he deserves all the 'trashing' he gets -- and much more
Where lives are saved is the responder on the street or in the field of combat. Military medicine has come a long way since WWII.
Has anyone run the numbers as to what single payer would cost vs, current  patchwork of programs?
....and yet you still have an issue with a BAN that is BADLY needed to protect Americans!! You make NO SENSE!
But they are no better at it. I trained at Brook Army medical Center, Moncrief Army Hospital and Darnell Army Hospital I know their ability.
Why is that not the case right now? What do we do? Deny victims help, while trying to fight terrorists?
Finally
Thank you
This is amazing. Thank you for leading the way on such important legislation.
great idea
@SenWarren : incredible job (from a French victim of terrorism) 
All for it... good work.
This is misleading the public. Military medicine / treatment is no better than any other. They may be more accustomed to treating trauma.
Like most Americans.  We are shocked this did not exist already.
Seriously... who ever votes Nay on this... they're not human.
Traumatic injuries such as these with related issues are right up VA military alley of expertise
That's great @SenWarren but stand up and be counted for #SinglePayer  ... then everybody can get the care they deserve.
I hope it will help the victims of the liberal terrorism from yesterday,Perpetuated by the liberalmedia and the democrats
Important work! Glad they are doing so well. Blessings all around.
That are trying to be defunded?
...but keep on fighting for Americans who need care, and thank you.
Excelllent idea.
Bravo! 
Oh, we'll remember, too! #Election2018 #MAGA
