It's comical when socialist like you call conservatives Nazis.. after all Hitler was a socialist just like you. That would make you the nazi
Classic response from a ignorant crybaby Liberal!
@ValleyPatriot @va_shiva @RepGeoffDiehl Pay no mind to the "millionaires & billionaires" donating to your campaign right? #FEC
this is nothing compared to mega $20M donations to GOP from Sheldon Adelson
These are INDIVIDUAL donors - BOTH Party's including Warren take millions from PAC's/Dark Money Dems outspent GOP last 3 presidential elects
go bark somewhere else, most of GOP took Russia money you have no ground
yeah no democrats BHAAA HAAAAA
Just another highly intelligent thought from a trumper
train wreck is coming for you
The only thing you care about is YOU!
Warren is one of the reasons we need a Constitutional amendment for term limits and campaign finance reform.  Now more than ever.
Term limits !!!
I'm on board.  We need candidates in the 2018 election.
Then get to work Senator Warren! Stop complaining and just Do Your Job!

Are you jealous 40follower troll with no brain
Won't work for everyone as long as the Republicans are in charge
Yeah look at all the progress they are making  ROFLMAO
Love your passion
How much money do you have Elizabeth Warren?
Really elizabeth you are an embarassment to any woman out there

With 37followers ha ha ha ha you are a nothing not a bot
Said the one who charges $400k to teach one college course. Trump is getting rid of all those, Warren.
She doesn't charge she was offered that salary because she is a reliant as professor. Jealous loser
I know how we can do that, get rid of you and a few others! U talk like u have no money, so why don't u share if you feel so sorry
She is a high powered lawyer the most educated bankruptcy lawyers I  the country   Harvard Law professor and you say she has no brain? Ha ha
Blah blah blah!  You became a millionaire on the backs of us!! Why don't you try to think ofvsometjinh you don't have to memorize
13follower troll ROFLMAO
Stop being so deceptive. It's not nice to make up lies. Is that all you live for? To be anti-American, anti-Patriotic...bad role model.
Our Government shouldn't be allowed to be (AboveTheLaw) and constantly misleading the American people!Or steal our money 44/democrats!VtRed
I'm sorry, how much do you get paid for to teach one class at Harvard?
Why can't you & others stop Trump?
Says the millionaire. STEP DOWN AND LET A REAL MAN TAKE YOUR SEAT
You must make all native Americans so proud.
Cool down Lizzy. Your combative attitude kills us dems.
Says the 14follower troll
Thank you for taking a stand on this!  we're with you!
All 300 of u?? 
but Elizabeth, you're a millionaire which is quite an accomplishment as a public servant at 200k a year...
She is an author, lawyer and highly regarded law professor at the most prestigious law school in the country. Jealous?
WE WILL FIGHT BACK BY VOTING YOU OUT IN November 2018!
Good luck with that. GOP is toast.
wait and see #silentmajority
Why no picture Susan. Never mind I can imagine
You #partisanhack #shutupLiz
If you are not a millionaire, you don't matter.
#DoYourJob the nation would be a much better and stronger nation if you focused your attention on business instead of "fighting"
We are behind you, Sen Warren!
Is it hopeless with Dem current clueless leaders?
Honey you're pathetic! What's your net worth? What you pay for healthcare? Like I said your prophetic!!!!!
Government should "work". You clowns on both sides are only worried about reelection. You care little or none for those you represent.
Thank you @SenWarren 
Some people cant abide a judge with brown skin
You oppose for the sake of opposition. If he was Democrat opposed by Republicans you would scream racism. He is qualified and fit for post.
Millionaires like YOU???? you are a FAKE as big mouth! America is tired of your tantrums
Just like u rejected Ben Carson's nomination for HUD sec? Oh, wait- u voted to confirm him. What does hypocrisy taste like? Is it bitter?
Hey Warren, hate to tell you, but Obamacare does not work for everyone.
the American people should vote your ass out. #libtard #wasteofhumanflesh #attentionwhore
So you dont work for everyone?  Maybe you should get off twitter and actually do something besides complain on twitter all damn day.
so why is it congress people make so much money off the backs of taxpayers & get free healthcare & other perks, Lieawatha?
Our government is corrupt and not working for us, but against us. You and others like you need to be voted out.Thank god for President Trump
Trump is proof that God is dead
You lose!
If you love this country so much, do the right thing and resign.  You represent everything that is wrong with the United States.  #MAGA
Trump "lets screw America " doing a great job
Your goal is to keep people poor so they will NEED you!!
Stick your head up my ass and fight for air
Do you ever do anything important? Still on a book tour?
WHEN WILL YOU START WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE IN YOUR MULTI MILLION DOLLAR MANSION LIEING POCAHONTAS?!
Why should the middle class and elderly pay taxes if all the money is going to benefit the wealthy?
Universal healthcare... Say it!
Nobody and I mean nobody cares about what you think
I pray that you get rejected. What's in your bank account?
Where were you under bush and Obama. Oh wait your were profiting too but Trump is taking that away and now we're angry. Hypocrite
Elections have consequences, atleast that's what the black Jesus Christ aka barrack obama said.
@brownstoneGrey Sorry but reality is another Nuclear nomination unless some GOP's grow a conscience and start working 4 the ppl.
You are absolutely correct!
Says the millionaire.
Millionaires like you? Lining your pockets with the proceeds of flipped houses that you bought from people that had been foreclosed. Shame
you are right so do it or step aside. Drug prices to high! Jobs Tax reform! All you do is block! You are dangerous to America
Not to be defeated...but opposing other nominees has meant nothing due to GOP being completely self serving.  How are we going to stop them?
Please do it
Your Dem Government tried to wipe out the middle class.
Warren prefers Socialism. We all know how that works (it doesn't )
There you go again fighting!
Your such a deceiver, POTUS is wkng for us, can't you see the economy already chNging. Ppl are getting their faith back God Trump
Hahaha I swear 1/10 people replying support you, at best!  Why don't you get that your done in 18!
Pocahontas you're an awful deceitful woman
Right - how about people who falsify nationality records?? The government should work for them also - like charging them with fraud.
Democrats don't help the poor and middle class
Senator Warren, we've tried to object but the GOP doesn't want to represent us anymore, and they have the power.
You would reject Merrick garland if President Trump nominated him because you're a petulant baby
Warren maybe you should eat ur words after all the millions u made and will keep making
Oh Beth, how fake you are and your millionaire club in congress
Said the millionaire troll herself
Keep up the good fight, Senator! We appreciate you fighting this trainwreck of an administration.
So a millionaire whos funded by billionaires is ok? As long as theyre liberal? Liberal logic. Laughable.
All politicians are funded by the wealthy. Some of them, though, recognize that and use it for good.
Zzzzz
What about fake Indians.
LIz, you are lucky your net worth is 8 MILLION DOLLARS@ how about if you help   All the poor people
Please go away, go far far away and take @SenSanders Sanders and @HillaryClinton Clinton with you!!!
Exactly what you should have told Obama when he was coming after white America.
Why don't you stop FIGHTING everyone and do something positive.   Please stop saying "millionaire and billionaires". You're one of those.
Aren't you a millionaire?
LOL, the same ol democratic talking points.
Especially the responsible tax payers taking care of those who have a sense of entitlement
Everyone. Average American citizens cant compete with special interests and lobbyists throwing millions of dollars around. #WeAreScrewed
Never heard of him but he must be an honest man if EW hates him.
Do you ever get tired of using the same old line every time
What?I thought our government only worked  for government and insiders.My job is to work, pay taxes&shut up...while being spied on by Obama.
Fauxcahontas!!
*BREAKING NEWS* Elizabeth Warren gives new meaning to the term, "The liberal Confederacy..."
You are senile and need to be removed from office for gross incompetence.
You had the power for the last 8 years and what is a result?corruption,division,hate and isis,so now take like a ...whatever you are....
What do the two have to do with each other? You're a loser Pocahontas
Aren't you a millionaire Fauxcahontas?
Taxation is theft and government is immoral
We are rejecting you!
How about YOU DEMOS stop OBSTRUCTING AND GO TO WORK
Took me awhile. I've figured it out. You're #TracyFlick   #election
When will you stop your hateful rhetoric Liz? @POTUS and @VP are trying to work for the Americans Dems forgot!
Lol fake Indian speak with forked tongue #Fauxcahontas #democratsarenuts #LunaticLeft
I can't wait for election time to vote her out of office.she works for her self
Well our government hasn't worked for anyone for the past decade so working for millionaires will be a good start.
IT'S ONLY WORKING FOR THE RICH I AGREE
THESE PEOPLE HAVE MO SOUL
Do it!
Your are worth $8 million dollars.Have you written a check to the US Treasury to pay more taxes? Can we see a copy of the cancelled checks?
I'm happy the democrats used the nuclear option in 2013. Keep picking your battles this wisely, and you will continue to lose.
Now , that's a real hypocrite talking!
But YOU are a millionaire .
Go get them Elizabeth. Voters go get them. Ryan is an ass.
What are your concerns about this judge? Has he done anything wrong, or is it just because President Trump nominated him?
Hey @SenWarren , what's your net worth? Heard it was close to $10 MILLION? Like the top 1%?
Here we go with the "millionaire/billionaires" schtick again. So predictable.
Since you and Ed Markey are both millionaires and have profited from the real estate crash, as well as from Soros, NO CREDIBILITY AT ALL!!
Unless there's a compelling reason to reject this nomination, please don't. Pick your battles wisely, don't fight for the sake of the fight.
Seems to be working for you just fine.
The same is said about you. You should work for everyone and not for your special interest!!!!
My question to Warren, how many people in the overall congress are millionaires?  Pretty long list there Senator
shut up Pocahontas
Little lizzy, would be helpful if you provided the why.  Don't just say no for political reasons. But you won't.
Democrats, stop being so damn polite! This admin. was put in place by Russia to dismantle our government and they are succeeding.
When do the Indians dance?
Fighting back by rejecting Republican thugs is like pounding sand after watching Gorsuch make it to SCOTUS
Our government shouldn't work for anyone
Ms Warren arent you a MILLIONAIRE?
And she is saying that Congress should not work just for people like her.
How much is your net worth? You don't care about us. Never have never will !!!
Reject everything until we have Trumps taxes and answers to Russia.  Our democracy is on the line.
Mrs.Warren please give us your thoughts on Obama using NSA to spy on US citizens illegally.
YOU ARE RIGHT! YOUR SOROS HAS 100 BILLION$, ALL YOUR CELEBRITY FRIENDS! DC IS RICH BECAUSE, THEY STEAL AMERICANS MONEY. P.S. OBAMA IS EVIL!
I missed this nomination. What is he nominated for Senator?
you say everyone ,when u only work for black lives matter ,mexicans ,muslims .and you will fight back on @realDonaldTrump if he picked Jesus
It's the poor that need government the most....
It shouldn't work for millionaires and billionaires at all.
Gov should fight the welfare and ssi scumbags. #GetAJob
But what happens when you become too old or sick to work?
i think you ignored our suggestions  -  you only know talking
Congress does not care, they will approve the nominee, even though they should investigate strongly in the coverup
LIZZY YOU Waste Your Time And Ours YOU Fail LikeThe Liberal And Democratic Whiners. Jump And Scream All You Want Pander All You Want.SAD YOU
Said by a leftie elitist who has capitalized on the backs of students and depressed properties
Otherwise you have an oligarchy or a plutocracy, not a democracy.
You taken that DNA test yet? Let's find out if u truly are Native American heritage. Refusal means u are a fraud and insult to NA
& Obama was dismal at best doing that while in office but now manages 2 use his experience giving speeches making him a billionaire, right?!
never he is acceptable for those with IQs above100
Ms. warren, we are behind you to fight back.
Old witch , you are a man hater woman like you make everyone else look bad . Please someone make her disappear !!
Wait what happened to Americans should work for your failed agenda? Your wavering there Liz! Remember Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! & voter reform! 
Or we could drop the charade that political posturing makes any real difference and go ahead and abolish capitalism.
Those talking points r so stupid and worn out, don't u have anything better to say? #idiot
Exactly!!!
#foreclosurequeen Warren works for herself. Profits off the misery of the less fortunate. #draintheswamp #MAGA #USA
I've never heard of Judge Thapar nor knew he was nominated but I'm for him just because of that inane, lazy tweet.
LOL well, no irony there.
Really? "Thapar"? Is that, like, the name of some monstrous alien sent to determine the fate of mankind? Well, he may be too late.
But last time i looked, aren't you worth over $11million. a millionaire bashing other millionaires not a real good argument
How can we fight a judgeship appointment?  I'm ready, but who will listen to us?
