Acts 8:22
Repent, therefore, of this wickedness of yours, and pray to the Lord that, if possible, the intent of your heart [1/2]
may be forgiven you. [2/2]
And if I took one thing away from the Bible, it was that God frowns upon bank regulation 
One Nation you should read Isaiah 10 against making oppressive laws or Psalm 72 for gov't helping needy.
oppressive laws like forcing people to buy health insurance?
= Crazy, Sick Liar! Her or Hillary there is No Difference.
They are both criminals that use stupid people for power. Hillary got richer
Trump losing lawsuits for screwing employees/contractors  proves he's on your side?
stop being so melodramatic. We'll be just fine.
dude change your tampon, TSS is real.
i don't get it.
my work here is done.
Why do you hate Trump. He made lots of dolers and he can help the rest of us make lots of dolers too
*dollars #YetAnotherChildLeftBehind
My tax dolers pay for you're kids school. I dont know what you're point is.
NAMM, we don't live in the same state.  Cristy, was trying to not play who's smarter (it's a tired old game)
- Alas, most Trump voters are either too stupid or too drug-addled to even understand what the Republicans did for Wall St. today
drug-addled?  wow... pretty sure our side is the more likely to do drugs.... just saying
- Pot isn't a drug. The 25 counties with the worst opioid addiction all voted OVERWHELMINGLY for Trump. Key word: overwhelmingly
and how are we to know what the political views of those folks are?  Do addicts even vote?
and technically alcohol is a drug. So yes weed would be too but I see it more like a safer tobacco
acetylcholine vs anandamide ok.  Massachusetts has a large heroin problem and voted Hillary...
We won't forget and we're destined to repeat it!
@LightSkinnedGuy "popping champagne"
I love what you're doing for us, but Americans have unequivocally forgotten 2008. It is human nature and Wall St depends on it.
@billmaher I see Hillary takes $1.2 Billion campaign loot from Wall Street & Billionaires Just Deny it Denial is a river in Egypt
Hey Screechy is in da house, you learnt to take breaths between words yet? 
they just want to make money!  They don't care about hard working Americans.
no we won't
Because you talked the problem away. Amazing.
The regulations put in place by Obama was to prevent another great recession like we had with the Bush Administration.
Whoa did Trump just say something sensible or what you wanted to hear?  Can we ever know until he acts?
That did not come from Trump's account. Someone has copied his picture.
I need more coffee... LOL i noticed that earlier in the thread.  DERP
Same thing happened to me with @therealdonaldtrunp
The thereal part of his handle has so much irony.  IDK where to start.
another phony likeObomber who bailed out bankers&never prosecuted one!#DTS
The bailout was signed by Bush oct 3 2008 
@JuddApatow yeah you got your coffers lined you Wana be Indian bullshiter!
why wasn't this bill filibustered?
Obama failure.
I thought it couldn't get any worse but with trump in office I know it 100% get harder for  my family to survive.
no we won't.
they may not have forgotten it, but they are resigned to it happening again, because nothing was done.
Sad to say but I believe many have FORGOTTEN the financial crisis and are in lalaland,please wake up america
What did Hillary Clinton tell them in those secret speeches?
here's an idea. Hillary releases speeches she gave to the GS guys Trump just hired and he shows taxes
I've argued for >20 years that no candidate should release tax returns.
how did it become an accepted standard for them to do so? It's an absurdity to expect it
@billmaher join Hillary in post menopause and pleas accept loss and go away
Trump sucks and keeps losing everyday travel ban Hawaii shut the bully down lmao
IMPEACHMENT MARCH!
Dont waste the last March 
Form the WOMANS PARTY The rest of the Republicans willthemselves and theyll impeach him.
IMPEACHMENT MARCH!
Sore loser
I'm not a Democrat.  This man is a fascist and he needs to go!
You certainly whine like a Democrat. I feel your pain.
sure they will. Unless you and other Dems & GOP come together we are DOOMED. What's happening to RUSSIA? Follow the money!
what about massgov 40% payraises. Champagne in ur own backyard. can't b diverted fr the pillaging going on here by theiving pols
: Liz, I respect you but it really is too late. You gotta nip this shit at the bud BEFORE it gets out of hand. Money wins again.
Isn't that the crisis that Trump boasted had made him so much money? Media never pointed out the obvious: he'd ensure a replay
absolutely
We can hope those memories last until mid-terms and 2020.
ever heard of, Time to Move On ????
2018 Starts now! Impeach and replace
What are you and the other #SenateDems going to do about this catastrophe?!
I won't forget what you have done and said, Warren. EVER.
keep fighting. We need you.
@TheFebrileMuse Total betrayal!
Sarcasm aside, because they had no consequences last time, it's yet more important that we don't get fooled again
False. Big Banks are fans of Dodd-Frank. See for yourself:
So big banks are going to push back and demand that Dodd-Frank remain standing, as it is?
why not?they helped write it! Obomber bailed out big bankers&never prosecuted a single one! #DTS
LOL! You poor, daft twit. Big banks don't want any regulation or oversight. Use your head.
are you rooting for the patriots? Or will politics be your guide?
thank you!
: They're gonna do it again. One more time. After that it's not gonna matter anymore. It's too late to fix it.
@wdclac the whole world hasn't forgotten the crisis
@billmaher why aren't people going nuts about this#
Please tell everyone of the Republicans you see, we will vote them all out if the remove the consumer rights part of Dodd Frank!
It seems like they actually HAVE forgotten the crisis.
I witnessed older people being shoved out of their homes, losing savings... just not right. thanks for sticking up for fairness
You don't say you Dixiecrat!
I hope they won't forget!
Liz how much did you profit off of that
Pretty sure that Elizabeth Warren's profit is the wellbeing of humanity.
ahhhhhhh no
the gatekeepers need to impeach this man before he destroys our country...#pleaseimpeach
...did you comment when Obama was giving away tax payers money and moving jobs overseas. Get real!
sure and with the trumps few days in office there is lots to comment on
he has not and i am an american but i am not a trumpster, i beleive in real facts not alternative facts
I wish that were true but Americans have a very short memory.
Then everyone should go rent #TheBigShort @thebigshort
they should remember Obomber bailed out Wall St crooks&didn't prosecute one! #DTS
I've made the film Ransacked about the financial crisis seen from Iceland- please watch it!
@AlexMLeo Guess Trump Fridays are going to be big news days. Perfect for a distracted public + time for Sun news shows to process
No Respect for our Flag; Disgracing it by wearing on head! It's too be flown! @SenWarren @AlexMLeo
@darrettk1964 The key financial guy left and now TRUMP (Bannon) trying set back to when financial collapse happened!
The crash that's coming will make 2008 look like a party. Think 1929. @Brasilmagic
It'll be worth it if it destroys the Republican Cult!
never. Lol.
Liz bought up the foreclosures and hot rich on others misfortunes..speephole!
@billmaher This dead hooker the GOP handcuffed us 2 is getting extremely rancid. Who's shit do we hve 2 sift through 4 the keys?
NO MORE BAILOUTS!! WE GO YOU GO!!
That's right Senator Warren, hang there
New secretary of Treasury #Mnuchin was big winner in credit default 2008 mort crisis. @infpwriter
I don't trust swampy #Mnuchin @POTUS
Americans have also felt the pain from businesses being crippled by over-regulation, over-taxed, and not interested in hiring.
The rich got even richer and profits soared during the recession. How much is enough before they trickle it down?
only by expense cuts and reductions, not increased demand. Put confidence back in business owners 2 invest and jobs will follow
You sure are RIGHT ABOUT THAT!  Rock on! Trump is delusional.
@billmaher another libtard associated  with this drunk or her way down with the rest of these penal degenerative cranial lumps
they sure did forget on the 8th of november.
thanks to Bernie and tina, along with most crooked @FBI JComey of all times we are now w/o dodd-frank...way to go
Senator Warren,  why did the Obama administration refuse to prosecute anyone for the 2008 financial crisis?  Isn't it suspicious?
I'm no Wall Streeter but my stock acct's gone up 10% since Nov 8. Sounds good to me.
Your party created the financial crisis clinton frank Dodd your party pushed housing 4 all. except responsibility
wasn't Wall Street like the dems want you to believe but it was the housing that caused the crisis thank you Barnie franks
Trump's voters blame that crisis on President Obama. Hard to imagine, huh?
The GOP has spat on those of us who make the big profits possible for their donors.  There will be consequences.
shut your gullet and be a team player like how politicians are supposed to act. Make your points with a pen and not a SoMe blast.
says "stands with fist"
agreed
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews It was the Glass Steagall act Bill Clinton signed away at the request of Dodd and Frank Dems caused
the 2008 financial disaster call the Great Recession Obama prolonged this recession by his polices
@billmaher And that crisis was due to our government.
..but don't let the facts get in your way Pocahontas.
U R insane and OBSESSED with Obama & HRC's biggest donors while POTUS is helping small biz. U will lose your seat soon!
#Trump apologists want repeal of sthg that protects agst bailing out big bank meltdowns & self-dealing? Give 'em hell Senator!
you mean those same wall street bankers who donated millions to Democrat campaigns? For the sake of America #ResignNow
So don't act like you're for the people Ms Warren, your party serves the same masters as Trump's.
What party? I'm an independant @SenWarren and I may agree on some things, but we aren't on the same team

#StillSanders
I know Leo, I was referring to Senator Warren not you.
I just wanted to be clear where I stand @blaccoffee There is such a thing as 'Fog of war'.
@realDonaldTrump criminals are happy now !
Bernie Madoff sure we all love being ripped off & seeing our grandparents savings & homes taken away too. Let em be poor! #resist
If it happens again I swear to God I'll take up arms against the government!  Notice I said THE and not MY.
I guess 8 years without another collapse means it's not working here in the Upside Down.
@billmaher I'm pessimistic on our memory and our ability to learn 
@GeriBAnderson Republicans do not care about Americans.  We need to all get them out of office.
what did you gain in the last 8 years??
140 Characters could never described our accomplishments
@billmaher @SenWarren 9/26/2007
on #Road777 #Revelation3_7 occurred 
this after, and flash camera ticket #26777
An Officer gets spouse out 7
when exon oil is in the white house and conflict of interest is rampant this is what happens, please....
I know you've done incredible amt of work to protect Americans financially.  Thank you.
@Ryan_Eggold there is no way anyone except the millions who do not care
White Collar criminals create the desperate financial climate that leads to petty criminals. #doddfrank
please tell me what is being done for Trump  to divest himself of his businesses !!
I'll never forget losing 75% of my 401k, my job and house and forced to go to another country to get a job. NEVER!
time to take our money out of the big banks. Community only. I don't trust any GOP's at this time. no longer people before party
pooping*
Most lenders around that time were making loans 100% or more of the value, and no income qualification loans, no doc loans, etc.
Can the president overturn legislation with an EO?  Dodd-Frank=law. Congress makes laws. Pres signs or vetoes. Time to tell him.
The 2008 Dodd/Frank crisis!! Democrats MAKING banks lend to no credit worthy ppl, caused the crash and bank problems. Stupid dems
#DoddFrank simplifies a lot of borrower disclosures & w/ less regs, wll create looser mtgs & riskier loans, whch collapsed in '08
We appreciate your willingness to fight for us!! Please make sure Paul Ryan doesnt destroy Medicare,Medicaid and Social Security!
@SenSchumer @SenSanders @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats won't forget in2018 #Midterm2018 #LOCKHIMUP #conflictofinterest
@StuckeyFreddy
Trump:"Every decision ...will be made to benefit ...American families “Trump is set to roll back Dodd-Frank regulations”
When will Trumpons realize they've been played. Seems to be setting up another 2008 crisis with Mnuchin ready to foreclose on USA
Seriously?  Give up! No one cares about your twisted liberal narcissistic opinion that serves no one except you.
in The CEO We Trust...
the problem with Dodd-Frank is that the smaller community banks were overwhelmed.  1000's out of business.
Sigh. Seems like they have.
defund the banks....close your accts!!
.... @SenWarren Every time Government interferes they screw it up.
us regular folk are popping beer bottle tops also & we haven't forgotten how you ignored us & our small business struggles.
@bannerite PLEASE...FOR GOD SAKE...READ THE DWORKIN REPORT BY SCOTT DWORKIN @funder 2nd volume coming out this weekend. #impeach
Dems &Obama gave Wall St pass on their multitrillion dollar theft. Americans didn't forget, just as we didn't forget Bush IraqWar
Pocahontas, your gal pal Hillary was wall st. supporter and you stood on stage singing her praises. You're a doofus & hypocrite
we are counting on you to defend and protect our democracy being highjacked by President Bannon and puppet Trump
Every night for the past 2years I've been looking at what's unfolding trump nominee LIED to you all for conformation
SENATOR REMIND THE GOP THEIR LOYALTY IS TO THE PEOPLE THEY WORK AT OUR PLEASURE & THEY CAN BE REPLACED
@terry7531 Elizabeth Warren doesn't have any guts against Corrupt #Democrats refuses to prosecute bankers. That's #TheResistance
We can never forget! ONWARD!! #RESIST
- #Fauxahontas taken $1.6 million from "Finance, Insurance & Real Estate". #InBedWithBigBanks #nhpolitics #mapolitics
Don't discredit or ignore the many of us on Wall St that agree regulations are needed.There are many of us.We r not evil.
I will never forget and will most likely never own a home again.
did not regulations that everyone gets a house for nothing down create the crisis.  There is no free lunch , taxpayers pay for it
well the 50% that voted 4 this guy just got fooled bigly! But i guess they dont see that!
they definitely forgot which is how we got #45!
@billmaher @SenWarren GOP just setting up next fiscal crisis for the Dems to fix, then will complain on it being the slowest recovery ever.
Corp welfare & $100M banker bonuses. Working class Americans losing homes, sleeping in cars. GOP: no conscience, no remorse #2008
if you had supportedSenator  Sanders during the primaries instead of playing politics maybe we wouldn't be in this mess
the 2008 crisis that came about due to Dodd Frank-given to us by B.Clinton???  That was HIS butt fuck of us Americans
@billmaher going back to 2008 isn't going to make America great again.
@GKMTNtwits why is @POTUS making it easier for Wall St and making another 20008 easier? Not part of his campaign @Trumpocrats
Pocahontas .
@realDonaldTrump Is only there to improve his portfolio and those of his friends.
I sure hope not!!!I  It seems no matter what he does or says, IT is ok with people! They make excuses for him!!
@billmaher 
Congress vote on this?If it passes the congressional vote, I just may lose my mind as Trump is dictating his will...
caused by Democrats policy!!!
Yes, but if it happens again & congress doesn't do anymore than it did last time, Americans will suffer again! #ImpeachTrumpNow
I lost my house!
@redhed67 and how many of Trump's cabinet nominees have you voted for? #whichsideareyouon?
What did you do to stop the 2008 financial crisis or any of your friends in the Senate?
We are not going to forget that the democratic party took our voice away. They lied and cheated to get HRC on the ballot.
That is a fact we don't need a bale out time all should be jailed who change laws that would cause again.
Got any shady loans in your past? Payoffs from Soros? It will all come out. No wonder you're freaking out on Trump. EXPOSURE!
@DrCheriQuinn can you ask Trump/GOP if they are going to personally qaurantee any losses that affects avg-low income Amer savings
@realDonaldTrump Senator @IBM funds you so nothing is done about Financial Scam done to me which you know

@billmaher rofl and you have that huge hidden account why?
Reminder to all who read this that Warren endorsed Hillary and Hillary is utterly reprehensible. Don't trust Warren
I hope this is a fact rather than a hope. My cynical side currently in ascendency at mo & we need u 2 keep doing what ur doing.
@billmaher 100,000 visas revoked. College students can't get back to class also professors and researchers. This is madness
sick of hearing about your boy Obama and his backdoor deals with all these countries you're a fool to follow him and anybody else
liawatha none of us forgot 8 years of NO JOBS under Ovomit
and the second Great Depression
So what are you going to do to stop history from repeating itself. Have you built a bipartisan coalition to provide a solution.
already robbed me of &200k last time. I'm 52 I can't keep doing this.my SS and Medicare won't b there 4 me either #doomedsenior
The American people also haven't forgotten 2016 when you endorsed the Wall Street high priestess over Bernie. #WeNeverForget
@TWWUSA I sure haven't forgotten and still haven't recovered. This makes me sick!!
@billmaher Please be my president. Why did 1 low life go 2 jail for what they did. The working class got f'ed. Sorry.
"According to CNN in 2015 Warren's avg net worth, including $5 million home, retirement accts & mutual funds was $8.75 million"
@billmaher Crisis brought about by insane lending practices imposed by Barney Frank which led to massive mortgage bubble.
Too many voters did forget. Now we have Trump.
The crisis caused by @TheDemocrats and their plan for "houses for everyone" even those that couldn't pay?
@GhostPanther the 2008 financial crisis hasn't been fixed yet/went away yet! Quit living in a bubble.
We will #rememberinnovember who supported these changes. Thank you for standing up for all Americans, even the #Trumpflakes
They will NEVER bail them out again.
Less regulation should be tied to escrows or other safety net for consumers.
the dems are making our country the laughing stock of the world
Please stop this hatred or your party is going to lose more seats
if that was true, no chance a Clinton would have been the nominee. Who repealed Glass Stegal? Clinton
@billmaher problem is most think Obama is responsible for the 2008 recession. Dems need to educate. Go on Fox News
@JuddApatow The small business people have long memories. not stupid don't need you to take care of them. OVER REACHING REGS.
nobody has forgotten the last 8 years of tyranny and government control we've lived under
@billmaher no we haven't forgotten the financial crisis! That's why we voted for Trump you twit
You speak for us. I'm from OR but feel like one of your constituents. Hope someday to be one when you run for President or VP.
the Big Short!
