Too bad some people don't want to the same with our confederate statues.
They belong in a museum, not in public spaces.
You're literally saying "freedom is slavery"
Seems like you're inviting people to conflate the USSR (brutal communist regime that no longer exists) and the Russian Federation.
Vladimir Putin is a former KGB agent who called the collapse of the Soviet Union a tragedy.
uhhh yeah....  the countrys economy was in total ruin, wide spread famine, millions suffering...  I'd say thats a tragedy.  Get some context
Good liz....now back to America you know where you badly represent people
As one of her constituents, I can say she's representing me well.
You mean like the Dems have made every city in America move/destroy Confederate statues? Estonia prefers 2 remember its history, even bad.
Gosh Liz, you're almost like a reporter. Maybe you can get a job with CNN.
She better get her Resume ready, cause in 2018 people are going to be saying "Lizzie Who?"
Lizzie what? Miss Venezuela?
You vocally support erasing history, You should want them to get rid of that statue.

If it weren't for double standards, you'd have none.
Greater threat to America; North Korea or Russia? Asking for a friend.
Russia in WH along with nazis and David Duke
Great all expenses paid vacations... next year global warming in the Galapagos?
Why don't you move there?  You are not needed in this country!!
Why would you do that
..So, yr against Russian aggression against Estonia but can't vote 4 bill which would outlaw lies against Israel? Libel is not free speech
You can follow me if you don't mind ...To talk better...
Russian aggression? You mean like having 800 military bases around the world and Russia's border? Oh wait, that's the us the peacemakers.
Wow.. Anyway you can follow me to talk better and share more gist okay
When she can't stir enough crap here she flies to another country and does it.
@HouseDemocrats Right on the tax payers expense. Make her take a row boat.
You can take family for vacation in Crimea. Or do you prefer other parts of Ukraine? Try Libya beaches where the US helped so much.
Then why're you encouraging/even making Americans move statues that represent our history??

You can follow me back  to talk on messages if you don't mind...
HEY, YOU, we are talking NOKO now! They want to nuke us! Hello!
Why arent you trying to fix ACA? Dont Americans matter? Screw Merkel, Europe and Estonia...help us!!!
Sitting squaw. I hear they have openings st their local college! Teach one class make 350 rubbles
They were probably thankful to have a real America Indian visiting.
Collusion its you dems.....
Yes! I'm a progressive and I agree!
Figures
What about America's historic statues? Quit wasting our tax dollars on frivilous travel. What a hypocrite you are.
Take a stand on Monuments.  Do u agree that historical monuments be taken down in America? @dawnellemurray @DiamondandSilk @DonaldJTrumpJr
@HouseDemocrats you mean you didn't tell them to knock it down like all the others?
Oh no. Is this considered Russian anything???? Is there going to be an investigation into anything?
Then you should be familiar with the horrors of Socialism. Stop trying to push that terrible ideology in America.
You should take it home, it would look good on your front lawn.
Fraud
Big thanks to Elizabeth Warren for taking a picture with me, as we sat under an umbrella and spoke about CHEMTRAILS
Omg the horror this. Did look for clues of Trumps collusion
Time to break up USA as it is giving Rise of Evil War Mongers & fake news creators
Are you on a taxpayer paid world tour prior to the end of your job in the senate? We'll be saying goodbye next election.
See any liars at the statue Luz? I did, look.
Bet they enjoyed have a fake Indian there
Please stay there. You may help them better then you have the Americans you are paid to help
Estonia is awesome. Built single fam. homes in spite of SU rules. Need to support countries like that.

another Iraq & Vietnam coming in North Korea to save Trump face off as he got nothing to lose
What can you all do about Trump's statements today!? Thanking Russia for expelling our diplomats MUST be the last straw!
Visited Estonia few years ago. They survived occupation and will survive this.
Guess your in with the Russians now. Someone should investigate.
You tell them you are Estonian on your resume?
Tiny Estonia is paying their NATO share.  Tell me again  Who pays more in taxes Wall Street or Harvard?
go talk to putin
Is this another taxpayer-funded junket?
Come on. Russian aggression? You know what happened in Ukraine was US-backed. Noticed the ruins in Libya, Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan?
Who knew Pocahontas was also a commie???!
Yup!!!
If course you did you and the Soviet union have a lot in common
That statue offends me. Tear it down.
Russia wants to invade Latvia like Texas wants to invade Arkansas.

Why such a war propagandist?

Is war everywhere a progressive cause?
Thank You Senator Warren from all of us in Massachusetts, for fighting to keep us safe from Enemy #1 TRUMP.PENCE McConnell, Ryan
Enemy #2 Putin
Bring it to the US, there seem to be lots of Communists (or at least Socialists) complaining about "income inequality. Give it to @NYCMayor
Russian soldiers didn't die to liberate US from nazis. They did it to liberate Europe and kill Hitler. US is out of question.
Your really doing all you can for your constituents it's so obvious.......... that you don't give a shit
Still believing your own rethoric remarks without any evidence to prove the point
We need that kind of strength in our party @DNC
What strength? A vacation in Europe is strength?
Of course you did. It's good to see your comrades honored, isn't it?
I wish we had more senators like you...
What that spend there time on worthless shit that doesn't help anyone? You have those in mo. ?
ur bravery inspires them
Oh god, I was at work; when did the Russians invade Estonia?
what are you going to do about North Korea, or Mexico dumping sewage on our shorelines you're just interested in Russia!
For more on what it means for #Ukraine to deal #Russia see my new book #ShouldersOfGrandmothers. Thanks for your attn to this region!
May Vladimire Putin go bald by xmas this year..completely.
#
You're just weird!
Russian aggression? Ha! Such a US warmongering/NATO lie to enrich the arms industry.
Can you and other govt Neolibs and your Neocon friends, all bought by same corporate powers, stop with Russia propaganda and inciting war!
Not helpfull at all! I am a progressive and like Warren's fight for us and appreciate all actions. She is progressive
Putin wants us distracted and weak, so he can move on Baltics, Kiev. He's likely supporting DPRK.
"WOW" !!!  LIZZY, YOU'RE SPOOKY... GET A LIFE...
Originally named "Monument to the Liberators of Tallinn",later titled to current official name "Monument to the Fallen in the World War ll"
In all seriousness, Senator, their demonstration is admirable; but, we've a more urgent matter here at home. Trump. Need I say more?
It was probably a lovely ceremony besides you frantically crying "Russia Russia Russia!" the whole time.
Glad to see you are still not paying attention
Yea because russia isn't tied up in tearing statues down because they say oh yea it's there who cares
Pocahontas has a toy named Shaq.
Russia will pull another Crimea, invalidating any claims of peaceful intentions by the russians. Just more seeds sown during Russification.
POCAHUNTAS YOU GOING TO PULL A RABBIT Out Of Your BLOW PIPE HOW CONWOMAN
Estonia, Latvia, & Lithuania will need to be the new Iron Curtain to Russian expansion & aggression.
Iron curtains can't keep nanobots out.
Now Europe is the frontline for American agression. Let you're hero's do what they signed up for, protecting US homeland, not war-mongering!
Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, And George Washington Are On A Sinking Ship…
http://americanpresidentdonaldj-trump.com/index.php/2017/07/25/bill-clinton-george-w-bush-and-george-washington-are-on-a-sinking-ship/ …
Donald Trump's supporters dislike America's mixed economy, but don't mind Russian aggression against America.
This instills pride in you as a fake Native North American how, exactly?
At the time of Sen. Warren's registering as part Native American, she did so in good faith. Secondary evidence was found that listed her /
Great great great grandmother as part Cherokee, but primary evidence couldn't be found, as is the case for most genealogy, particularly /
Of Native Americans. Those are the facts - Sen. Warren never deliberately lied, nor is there proof she lied, as the genealogy is incomplete.
I assume you want the facts? Those are the facts. She's far more honest, forthright, and concerned for Americans and our safety than Trump.
That last part is opinion, but it's a grounded one. Thank you for your service - the military is one of our finest American institutions.
Got any opinions on that whole North Korea thing, or not any of your business?

