I think capture is complete. Our only chance to avoid was Bernie but DNC/Clinton/DWS took the opportunity away from the people
we are teetering on the brink . . .
Including you
how libertarian of you!
dump Federal agencies, leave them to States
DC one stop shoppimg for corruption
Less govt=less corruption
USA still helps their friends the Saudis bomb Shia people allied to Iran in preparation for that war.

#SaveYemen from #BipartisanGenocide
.
Yes.  And clearly Absolute Power has corrupted the whitehouse absolutely.
يجب ان تتزوجي في اقرب وقت لانه سياخذ الارحام هو يريد الرحم انثى الانسان القديم تلد مرة واحدة في حياتها و يموت رحمها
Impeach @realDonaldTrump He is a danger to the sovereignty of the USA.  #StupidTrump
You want stupid. Check out a mirror
Anyone looking at IVANKA's roll in $/laundering? She/Jared as masterminds of maximing opps? WH roll: the "ask" & arrange paymnt?
Father was a German Nazi/sympathizer. Trump-Russia is a product of greed, his disregard for law & mental illness!
Thats the reason you democrats are corrupt.
Hey u should read up on socialism or ask Canadians what theypay for things n tax u stupidPocahontas n how's their universa healthcare,sucks
I don't think people are as hopeful as you. And hope isn't what we want. We want real change.
Clintons
YEP the democrats showed us that the past 8 years
You democratic socialist need to leave by example and give all of yours away
You do seem kind of enamored with the spotlight,now that you mention it.
Have any plans in being a lobbyist after you lose the election ? Stop pretending we're fools
You got every dime out of large corporations so now you're going to try to extort small businesses. TERM LIMITS
So why was she quite when Obama was president? DC somehow has turned into something different just since trump was elected. Sad but a lie
That is the democrats like you. Completely corrupt, money hungry, self perpetuating senators voting yourself raises special health care
Your doing a great job killing the Democratic party. Keep it up Liz we love you!
I feel dirty everytime I listen and see @realDonaldTrump   No substance, therefore I could never trust anything coming out of his mouth.
Big govt Lib's like her create the problem she complains about it and brain dead Dems voters clap like trained seals!!
Town Hall last night  @NancyPelosi  was dull and boring the needed a real fighter like @elizabethforma @HillaryClinton or @BernieSanders
@SenSchumer and @adamschiff
#Youhavenointegrity
How stupid is this women! She promotes policies like @Obamacare And then complains about the very problem she created!
How big is you share of corruption money?
And what politician doesn't take that money? None!
The Green Party is not paid for or brought my money  GREEN Party is Green as GRASSROOTS can be 2017 and moving up
canada, usa, the british and Mexico signed a war entante September 11 and the morning of the WTC trump milking al-qaeda did Soye not surpris
You just quote tweeted Hillary Clinton yesterday...
Fun Fact: Elizabeth Warren has a $15 million net worth on a $174,000 senator’s salary.  Seems pretty concentrated.....
Yes tell us more about Obama
Kep up your wonderful work! We are behind you! Thank you!
I'll believe you when you go after Google for anti-trust.
President Trump is a great president. And is doing a great job. Make America great
We are sick of you misrepresenting your own followers and constituents. And lying about your ethnicity to get in to college.
#BoycottThanksgiving
Or be a racist against
the natives of #TurtleIsland.

Jefferson called them 
the "merciless Indian savages"
In the DOI.
You are wrong. Get past your fear--you were probably right to have it. This man has a GOOD heart.
ACA
1. Let ACA fail. 
2. Politicians should stop taking money from Ins. lobbyist. 
3. Bring in single-payer.
Wish your moral compass did not bend in front of the Clintons. Now it's just plain rhetoric.
- Keep fighting the good fight for us Senator - we are with YOU!
Clinton Foundation?  
Not buying again @SenWarren . You showed your colors already
Obamacare could have been a single-payer but what happened? Too many Insurance lobbyist. U Sold out the American people.
I have No PAC, no money and No MSM and I win. And Win. Tatiana
You and all other politicians are not an exception to this. You're all on the take. You are not voting in the best interest of the country.
U ain't even lie about that one MS. Warren.. You see more then we as the American ppl do.. Please keep fighting for us
You endorsed @HillaryClinton. You lost all credibility on this subject. Period.
lock him up
Well Liz stop Fundraising and discontinue your PAC.
*Looks at Clinton foundation
AliunWaliullah
