what makes the difference?, this nation didnt care enough to stop it, with the election,,
actually the nation did care, we stopped crooked Hillary by electing @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
publicly about releasing his taxes?, or maybe we should start
please show me the law requiring him to release his taxes@realDonaldTrump
the law is not in question, lying is,,,,terrible attempt at spin
you're against lying and yet you support Democrats bwahahahaha
a special prosecutor...shits getting deeper
during confirmation @jeffsessions said do 2 statements made he would recuse himself and hire a special prosecutor2deal w crookedH
Gorsuch is a terrorist.  if any Democrat allows a vote on that imbecile, you don't deserve your spot in congress.
who said Democrats will have a vote or say anyways #nuclearoption
you sure as shit better hope Democrats keep him out or your way of life gets destroyed.
wrong Democrats are trying to destroy our way of life and American values and America itself
move to Russia or North Korea.  You'll be more happy.
no thanks I like the direction America is going under President @realDonaldTrump
supports @POTUS. And the travel ban
BLOCK EVERYTHING FOR THE NEXT 4 YEARS LIKE THEY DID @BarackObama
Republicans can use the #nuclearoption & just cut the Democrats out of everything
Yes. And it will come full circle when we control both houses and presidency in 2020
bwahahaha any normal thinking Blue Collar Democrat is leaving the Democrat Party
And where they going?  The racist, fascist supporting GOP?  If so, good riddance
that's right we're more than happy to have them.
Glad to get rid of them. Our loss is your loss
we appreciate their help on November 8th we will appreciate their help in 2018
>Disgusted by ads 4 Gorsuch on TV. Supreme Court Justices are not political events it is supposed 2 B above that.
I've seen them too It's disgusting Never saw one for Garland Wish PBO had appointed him by EO
>They never recess so it wasn't possible. I've never seen 1 before for any nominee.
I'll have to research it I heard VP Biden say there was a law where the pres could appoint a judge GOP would have fought
>Just researched, highly improbable without the consent of senate & would only B temporary even if he had done it.
Well that's shitty...like everything good PBO did DT and GOP will decimate it just because they can
Gorsuch is playing a game with a seat on the Court as his intended prize. A Roberts in  clothing indeed!
funny how he had unanamous support before, but now trump nominated him different story. Dems= complete hacks
We want to see Easy D's tax returns! #trumptaxes #resist #dworkinreport #nodapl #theresistance #sessions #trump
He's right of Scalia. Until we can determine the findings on the Russian influence in our elections, no SCOTUS nom.
I want all Dems to say at hearings..#MerrickGarland 1st choice GOP! #RESISTANCE
because that will change things.  Oh wait, dems don't change things except their bank balances.
Dems aren't perfect no way, but at least they aren't trying to destroy the constitution
name calling shows your lack of education I'm afraid bye
cause I work don't lay around on welfare. My free phone!
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
SCOTUS never has been! It's full of activist justices with no respect for our constitution.
Schumer is acting in a way that displays how compromised of a politician he really is. #Owned body and soul?
Acts 8:22
Repent, therefore, of this wickedness of yours, and pray to the Lord that, if possible, the intent of [1/2]
boy the Bible thumper must troll everybody snd quote scriptures that no one pays any attention to anyway
Speak for yourself, Robbin. And, perhaps you should pay closer attention to what the Bible says.
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
You clearly were't paying attention in history class Senator! If they have that anymore!
Be ware this  particular SCOTUS pick will be a "go to" guy for most conservatives! #THERESISTANCE #ACTNOW
and @neilgorsuchsc will be confirmed hopefully with #nuclearoption so Dems simply have no say
Wholeheartedly hate to see #nuclearoption misused for this particular pic! #RESIST
not me once it is used the first time it will be very easy to use it  again
Therein is where problem lies bc would be a total break with decades of tradition!
Traditions are not laws. No president has taken this long to get his cabinet confirmed. Dems want 2play games they will lose
Concede to traditions not being laws but in truth billionaires were delinquent + untimely with their vetting docs so there it is!
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
It's all about party identity and nothing more! I want term limits! Now!!!!
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
You're one of many oportunists legislating in the US Senate. Shameful! God Help Us All!!
Demand a 60 vote Threshold! Just like PBO SCOTUS picks! Sotomayor 68 & Kagan 63 #NoSuch #Gorsuch

I think everyone should worry about committing a #crime  now!! 
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
Senator Schumer! Now there's another beauty!!
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
You might want to read up on the true role of the judicial branch of our government!
.@SenWarren @SenSchumer: Judge Gorsuch's position on Hobby Lobby case should disqualify him. He's a far-right corporate stooge like Roberts!
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
Your pay raises should be performance based & approved on ballots by the American people.
just say "no" to every nomination he makes. For however long it takes to rid ourselves of him.
who do you accept Elizabeth?  If you have no specific names in mind, then you are spilling hatred
President Twitler and his mob will wait to sit their lapdog in the SCOTUS, and then make the case for the travel ban
I hope so that would definitely work
Yes, it seems the best way to undermine our democracy is by using its very tools against it.
political activist judges are not doing their job. There is nothing unconstitutional about travel ban
EVERY SINGLE COURT CASE, Gorsuch ruled in favor of powerful corporations & against the "little guy"& his basic rights
Gorsuch is a right winger fanatic. Do not confirm him #resist no compromises. NONE
there is no scenario in which 45 should be allowed to fill the empty @SCOTUS seat. none. #resist
@MelindaWyckoff @SenSchumer @nytimes 
And no more 100% of your almost $200k yearly salary in pension for only one term in office.
We have drifted too far to the left, Schumer its about time we even the playing field. Don't be a crybaby!
is that why Obama tried to stuff all the courts with liberals @realDonaldTrump
And @SenateDems that dont obstruct should be worried about getting primaried. We demand resistance!
Go Trump!
Get off your soapbox and work for the people, not your personal vendettas!  How much$ did Hillary give you!
this is so ridiculous. Don't you guys get tired of making up this kind of stuff?
that would be awesome. Easiest republican victory ever. Easier even than against Hillary
it's funny how all you smart guys just don't understand it. Plus, y'all is so angry. God bless.
guess you hang out with the "sits on their brains" crowd.
and you'd both be concerned about Garland if nominated by Trump instead of Obama.
The courts have never been unbiased..study history...radiofreeorangebeach
No originalist on the Supreme Court. It gave us Citizens United!  They'll use this to overturn Roe v Wade.
Laughable after Kagen appointment. She isn't a hack?
I am more worried about your tantrums and refusing to work with our president!
American is tired of you refusing to work with our president
Please add NY Times Co. v. Sullivan to the list of cases on which he should be grilled!
DEMS should realize how majority feel abt gun control v real crime control. Maybe get a SCOTUS that honors all 10 As
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @bfraser747 @POTUS  FIRE THIS #CLOWNSHUMER AND @SenWarren
fake all of you liberal always full of 
wack job.  Your parties manipulation of the rule of law is much more dangerous.  Shilling 2018
I'm worried that your senility will cloud your ability to confirm this highly quailed justice
look how much money she made buying up foreclosed homes then reselling for a profit while banks lose money!!
Lizzy is a crook
it's amazing how 2 faced the democrats really are 1 time they vote for you the next time they won't SHAME!!!
hey Chucky does an honest judge who you voted for in the past scare you?
if the Democrats are worried then that means we definitely want this guy in office
Jesus Christ could be nominated for SCJ and you would find reason to object...Pocahontas speak with forked tongue!
U both didn't seem to care about independence when the faulty gay marriage or ACA decisions were rendered #ClearBias
You both have zero credibility and zero pull it seems.  ALL appointments will get through, including Gorsuch.
Sorry, nothing ever pleases you.
Everyone except the GOP!
He will be nominated Supreme Court Judge. There is nothing you people can do about it.
lying Liz & Chuck it is the likes of the two of you that worry me most about the future of the USA!!
you lie to gain school, job, grants, and NOW your honest-your a laughing stock Liz 
He will b more independent than Sotomayor and Kagan have been.
Follow the evidence & post facts for us to share on other social media. Facts & more facts and I will pass them on.
worried about your mental stability.
what are you talking about?
stand against Judge Gorsuch. He is just a 'suck up' to the POTUS!
Americans don't want another branch of the democrat party in the Supreme Court!
Hey Pocahontas hahaha what a liar you are
I was more den than rep in the past, but now just can't support dems anymore seeing how corrupted they are
dems were cut in so much lies and corruption that it is so hard now to trust them in their views...
No one is independent! you know it,everybody knows it-even you are dependent, he will depend on Constitution
still waiting for Merrick Garland to get HIS meeting...
The country needs a civil war, Hollywood, Liberals, NewYork ,andthe rich, against the American working and underclass
Same Schumer who tears up on cue, and co-vetting with Mr. Stolen Valor Blumenthal? Yeah, Lieawatha, y'all ARE the MORAL compass
great choice! Enough already with your boycotting
. Thanks senators like you is what makes Democracy strong.
You're as nutty as a fruitcake!
@Naijai3 @SenWarren @SenSchumer @washingtonpost Milar lead in Brown Shirt movement, head dick
take billions$ for the wall and invest in Mexico's economy so they would not want to leave.
All you care about is yourself @SenWarren @SenSchumer you're so jealous that @realDonaldTrump ran & won @POTUS UR blinded  by it. #Pathetic
Gorsuch one of most qualified for SCOTUS. Keep playing politics & see where U end up in 2018 & SCOTUS picks.
Dems are trying to ruin a good man. Dems need to meet and decide if they are American or obstructionists.
Warren is going against everyone on the right! She is a lying political joke who wants to run as president.
. Senator, take your seat
@ only the Liberals should be worried and they are and you prove it every time you and Schumer open your mouths
the more you liberals& liberal media get upset over Trump's behavior is proof that things are going according to his plan
Oh, so only leftist judges have independence u like Pocahontas?
Boy meet wolf....and please quit crying after the last 6 or 7 protests no one takes you serious
I love you
quran Pak kitab Ko parho aur sumjho. Azharuddin Khan farukhabad up se India wale hai. jio sim boy.
bible kitab ke anusar 25 December bada din manaya jata hai. quran Pak kitab ke anusar aisa nahi hai.
You two are fools you need to start acting like decent upstanding american s. Why are you resisting PTrumps EO?
ya'll are scared shitless to lose your power. Hahahaha!
it should worry liberals, because there abuse of power is over.
gets weirder and weirder the longer she's in the senate #CherokeeNation
Why should we care?
A Republican said on CNN that we now live in a Republic not a Democracy. What is the difference?
We care, confirm him, he has a solid record Stop obstructing and go to work! Do something for us, not you!
Are you tired of losing yet? #MAGA  The American people can't take this much WINNING! (We Can) #triggered
Ask Gorsuch what he thinks of the Constitutionality of the Senate denying Merrick Garland & how to fix it.
AMEN! #ONENATIONUNDERGOD THESE LIARS WARREN AND SCHUMER NEED TO SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!
You worry me more you sound like a lunatic! Yelling all the time! Like your ready to snap!
If you're CEO of a multi-billion$ corporation& you're a greedy bastard who wants to control govt, Gorsuch is your man
STOP judges that admit to being an originalist.  They use it to impose personal beliefs on all of us.
You who judge reality 
Cannot see it 

When judgement enters 
Reality has slipped away
Bigot defined 
Intolerant  & hostile  toward anyone with opposing beliefs
@holachola @SenSchumer @nytimes  Terrific read a must do situation that this Judge get grilled to see if he has any independence
block this vote!
such a terrible choice and I have great concerns for women and those that are marginalized in this country.
Weren't you told to sit down! Arrogant folk never ever learn. Your days are numbered. MA has had enough
I am w/U I live in OK so I don't have a senator. Langford & Inholfe R N the 19th century w/their votes.
the looser club 
I'm more worried about you and Schumer. You both have ignored the electoral college results.

#SheLost
crackhead Pbama was on tonight news smoked by Trump again.
it is horrifying and you seem the only sane voice willing to stand up
this is very scary indeed!
Gorsuch--most qualified choice--get out of the way
Getting more deranged by the day. Go get some help.
You are the one who worries us. Very bitter angry woman
vnYou
you are both going to meet your maker!
how about being concerned about $18mil pay raises massgov stealing fr taxpayers??????
Did Europe's song Cherokee inspire you to support Native American rights?
that guy is dangerous for American rights freedoms and equal values not to mention the little guy, not good!
a lot of us concerned about the liberal control of our courts!
Elizabeth Warren I truly believe you are crazy .. you are disgusting and embarrassing ..#getoutofpoliticsnow
yep
Hearing this I immediately felt it was "off" & hoped U ALL saw thru it! We're in such trouble with Alt R's!

stop being contrary and listen to what people want not what you want  that is not why you're elected
let me guess, Pocahontas, you're against this guy too?
24 - 0......The number of days DJT has been President...and the number of days HRC has NOT.
who reads the Times?
something is just wrong with your brain Elizabeth. Will vote u out
@realDonaldTrump Voters are smart, aware, and demand impartial/fair applications of the judicial system
Senator Schumer is so full of baloney. Next election will drain him from the swamp as well as you.
It is a deliberate attempt to keep our president from doing his job. They want THEIR party to prevail.
It's about Dems trying to be in control and not letting the people have the change they voted for.
Ian opposed to Trump.  IT WILL BE  A GRAVE TACTICAL ERROR FOR DEMS TO OPPOSE GORSUCH'S CONFIRMATION.
No, we worry about the Dems who are out of coNtrOl!  The Courts should NEVER be political pawns as they have become!
You LIED about your heritage to get into college, this is why you'll be called POCAHONTAS forever! A mainstay of Democrats, LYING
I will NEVER support another dem that lies down & refuses to fight this new fascist regime at every level.
Pocahontas, how about ethics of our representatives such as yourself? Didn't someone pretend to be native???
