I'll miss @nikiinthehouse when she retires, & MA will miss her leadership. But Niki's still got a lot of fighting left to do until then.
Stop the shows in front of the cameras and do your job. Fighting against is fighting against the American people.
I'm 2 sick&2 much pain all the time already-US police don't ever have the right, 2 block me from traveling: domestically or Internationally.
Man here at airport-stole my passport& I couldn't fly-I came back 4 other arrangements w/Wow airlines-after police refused 2 report theft.
Police at BWI airport-R stalking me-threatening my life-2 illegally detain me in the US-TORTURE! 857-218-0146 Blogg: http://www.baielizacary.blogspot.com 
My photo collection-of crazy US police-who threaten my life& repeatedly assault me-pre-meditated&attempted murder"-just favorite on Flickr.
Police "supervisor"-BWI-didn't care abt the: stopen passport, the officers who refused 2 report the theft, the assault, or-"false citation."
District Clerk Courts Anne Arunda Maryland-say fly overseas-4 ER med TX-talk 2 Intl legal-"TORTURE CASE US"&move court date 4ward if need B.
@wowairsupport @wow_air @ICCT_TheHague @INTERPOL_CBT Police officer who just assaulted me-approached me again& laughing&taunting 4 no reason
@baltimoresun @BaltimorePolice @Baltimoremag State Troopers escorted-BWI police-who just assaulted me-away from again-he's trying 2 kill me!
Damn, you actually have friends...bet they're all socialist liberals.
I love you and I support you and in many ways you are the person who I wanted to grow up to be but I am begging you please take a DNA test
I was just assaulted by police at BWI airport Maryland& the airport says-there's no one to talk to-about the attack-or the "false citation."
I'm sorry you had that frightening, painful both physically /emotionally.  I pray you find comfort and help.
No doubt Bernie bubba. U want to see more examples? Look around Washington. Don't understand your linkage in your remarks. Oh well.
You are a joke,  Pocahontas!   An expensive, embarrassing joke!
Warren and Tsongas...two unqualified opportunists...
I am continually appalled at the anti-female comments here. Likewise amazed that Sen Warren & other female leaders prevail in spite of  it.
We Love  you..
roll those sleeves up millionaire.  pocahontas is a fake.
A lot of trolls on here. Spreading their alternative facts.
Did she also teach you how to lie about your heritage and race? #FakeNativeAmerican #VoteLiarsOut
It was on an application.  Like u never spread alternative facts
She lied.  She admitted giving the information to college and employers.  Putting it on an application is still lying.
You both need to go!!  Quickly
Is she also  a fake Indian ?
I know what u r referring to.  But do you? 

Like facts facts. Not the alternative kind.
She's knee deep in the swamp
She is just a woman with a big hole on her face and it just happens to have teeth in it
Are you awake?
Filmmakers, entertainers and even some billionaires understand that a single-payer system is the most effective way to bring down costs. 
Did she lie about being a Native American to gain entry to college like you did? 
I am so happy that we have you on our side Senator Warren.  Thank you for representing US.
lmao
Yeah she's a trooper! You behind her and her efforts to squash N. Korea? Put your support in the game with the rest of us Americans!
I'm Elizabeth Warren, and I'll fight for any family who votes demonkkkrat and screw anyone who doesn't, no matter they're race.
Did she teach you how to lie about your nationality to get ahead in life?
This time a left loon succeeds in killing a Republican.
Still waiting?????????
You never did answer me, Squaw Running Mouth!
Michigan is going to retire Debbie stabenow
I'm Elizabeth Warren and I'm running for Presidet! Give it a rest.
Who cares
at least she has credibility-try harder warren
@pelosi another dem feminazi finally realizes,  I should have raised my family not let a stranger!
Pick better friends.
Why did Bill Clinton give nuclear secrets to North Korea....???
Then why ain't you tough Pocahontas?
Wow, I have never seen so many Trolls on one site before.  Sen Warren, you are awesome. Thank you for fighting for all of us!
You poor thing.
I have been noticing you use fight in almost every tweet. One extensive vocabulary.
Blah blah blah blah.
I haven't seen anyone fight for ma families !!! Only hurt ma families
Why not write a bill to tax Politicians Campaign war chests? That could help all Americans. You in for us?
We are waiting for you to sponsor a term limits bill Liz. Just to prove how much you want to fight for us
Waiting him to drain the swamp. Yet he keeps adding more and more inexperienced swamp monsters.
You should show @IvankaTrump & @FLOTUS the same courtesy as strong conservative woman!
Ivanka is an unethical  who merits no courtesy and whines. Not strong at all
Really, you have a friend??
Please join her. Make her happy and the rest of us happy too.
That ship sailed!
Well that shipped sail!
I need 2 fly/ride Amtrak& US police try2 arrest me-at any ave. of transportation, in the US-Irish Immigration&Naturalization R expecting me.
Pocahontas you're a disgusting lying 
P.O.S.
Democratic party is a sinking ship and the rat are leaving!
I reported 2 US FBI-US police try 2 arrest me-anywhere I go in US-2 illegally detain me-in the US-I'm in 2 much pain-officers were laughing.
I spoke 2 a supervising officer-at the BWI airport-they're trying 2 illegally detain me-in Baltimore, MD-w/a "false citation"-after assault.
you look guilty
have a rainy day fund of almost $1.3 billion, officials have not indicated there is an need for tapping it as they struggle w/a budget gap.
The BWI police officer-assaulted me& then wrote me a citation-4 something, that I didn't do-the officers made fun of the excruciating pain.
And just yesterday, the latest tax collection figures indicate state budget problems are about to get worse.
The Massachusetts unemployment rate recently rose to 3.6 percent in March from 3.2 percent in January, according to preliminary estimates.
Thanks to the Republican governor
Has she taught you how to fill out a college application?  Might be teaching that course at Harvard for $430K next semester!
@tedlieu @amjoyshow @realDonaldTrump
.@SenWarren .@nikiinthehouse who showed you how to lie about your heritage for personal gain?
Oh look! A Howie Carr worshipper! Get the bug spray!
Women should not be in politics at all. It is far too complicated and puts me at risk of being alone in a room with one.
Enough said
