great! Now replace Whitehouse w/ DNC & Flynn w/ @DWStweets & you have an investigation just as important.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK PREZ ,MOST DEMORATS ARE WORTHLESS CRAP.LED BY NR ONE WARREN,WORTHLESS
who cares?
Do you honestly think that the HILL did NOT  know the ENTIRE TIME? From the beginning, this Admin belongs in prison for TREASON!!
you are one to talk about liars!
When did you know Hillary had an illegal server in her basement? What did you do about it to protect America?
the conversation itself was legal; partisan teapot tempest; MEH
This story will be buried under a bramble of unprecedented presdential controversy & Repubs reshape govt
It's difficult to bury something that's alive. We, the people, are the government now. We dictate
What issues survive and what issues die. The Trump/Russia connection is an issue we won't let die.
Progressives have a deep hole to climb out of. Our divisions have handed the Repubs an historic success
Progressives are unified. It's the Democrats that are lacking an identity.
Easy to say. Harder to feel or see.
Where is the progressive division? What's an example? It's the progressive/liberal base v. Mod Dems
I do agree, however, that Dems are doomed in future elections if they don't figure out who they are!
but trump tries to redirect and talk about media lol wow
Liszt go get e real job !!
the only lies here are the ones ur telling saying your Cherokee!  What is up with that?
who approved you for claiming you are part Indian only to take benefits away from those who needed it the most?
Flynn was railroaded, a process crime and you know it.
@dcasapwarren @WhiteHouse #TrumpRussia
what needs to be done to get a serious investigation going? the Repubs had no problem investigating everytime a Dem sneezed
PLEASE GO AWAY WITH THE REST OF YOU TROUBLE MAKERS, SO SAD YOUR HATE FOR ANYTHINK GOOD.
ETrump admits Mar-a-lago  to make $8 million each year selling access to 45
Lock him up?!? 
we will never know#trumpsoldtheusaout and people don't see that
be quiet pochahontis
Hey don't worry @jasoninthehouse says there's nothing more to do here. Move along.
If @jasoninthehouse really thinks that he is either compromised or just complicit. Did russia hacked RNC?
WH knew in January when Yates told them.  WH fired her for being honest.
people who live in #fakeindianhouse shouldnt throw stones #fakeindian #carpetbagger  #goschilling
we need  call for IMPEACHMENT FOR TRUMP. I spent 30 years defending the freedoms of our country!!
They all knew from day one and they are now trying to cover up and hope ppl will let it go.
who approved what/at whose behest is what bothers me most.
Yeah who approved wire tap on Gen Flynnn when he was a private citizen? Guess this isn't important?

Pocahontas----- go find a real job ! You suck st this one !
i know you will stay on top of it  for finding the truth of this sherade!
ask Sally Yates. Three weeks ago at least
.@Impeach_D_Trump @SenWarren @WhiteHouse I'd lay good odds that Yates was fired to try to discredit her when/if this came to light.
I agree!

When did voters realize you were lying about your heritage? You, Warren, are a sham.
@CloudContact we cannot believe 1word trump says. He knew during his campaign. He must be removed immediately.
When did you know that Hillary Clinton was sending Top Secret documents from her bathroom server from her house? @SenWarren @WhiteHouse
pocahontas u provide a good laugh. Bye bye in 18.
White House was warned.
They were given an explanation a month ago.
Nevertheless, they persisted.
#FlynnResignation
right after your last lie?
Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell you have an orange problem in the White House have fun with that, buckle up butter cup.
don't think any #Russians voted. A lot of illegals?
same re: Obama & Iran...Benghazi...Russia...on and on and on
thank you for your persistence! Trump needs to be impeached. I fear Russian influence in OUR White House.
when did we learn about your lies about your native heritage. I think the pot is calling the kettle black
When did Obama 1st know of HRC's private server & why did he use a fake name to com with her & what was said? JEZEBEL
Seems like the FBI said Flynn will not face charges. You being from MA should be warry of witch hunts. Shame on you.
agree we need answers and not lies.
@ChristianDems @WhiteHouse We know the Democrats are curious. Let's hope the Republicans are too.
hey Pocahontas, where did you make your millions?
All good questions. When are you going to apologize to progressives for letting them down is another good question.
@MAHAMOSA @WhiteHouse We deserve to know-we DEMAND KNOWLEDGE of his ties to foreign governments
Remember how they hung on to #Benghazi? Guess what... Democrats don't forget either!!! #GoGetemLIZ
@NewsView100 @WhiteHouse 
YOU ARE DILLUSIONAL!!! DO YOUR JOB OR GET LIST!!!
@auntdee94 @WhiteHouse Flynn might have lied 2 Pence, but he's 2fanatical not to have back briefed Trump.Treason,Treason,Treason.
Y don't u ask the POTUS those questions yourself?
Hey Fauxchahontas, get over yourself.
#lockhimupgeneralflynn
That is what all of us want to know. Why isnt it being looked into?
Flynn got caught in a a lie. He did it to himself. I do blame Democrats. They leaked this.
do not think for a moment that Mike Pence knew nothing. That is a huge lie! It's called plausible deniability.
SO FULL OF HATE YOU ARE,CAN YOU DO ANYTHING ON THE +SIDE, SO SAD YOU LEFTEST ARE.
Who told him to discuss Obama's Russian sanctions. He certainly didn't decide to do it on his own
When did the WH know Hillary lied? Who knew what? Who approved what? #Benghazi
Flynn stepped down the witch hunt is over. He was cleared of any wrongdoing.
.@SenWarren @WhiteHouse the boss, Mr Trump, holds ultimate responsibility and should resign. Leaders who avoid consequences are just leeches
and the Clown in chief think and say it's wrong the press make the news instead of blaming his government..soo stupid
Flynn's DEC call coincides with 19.5% sale of Rosneft. Also mentioned as sanction removal incentive in JUN dossier.
they knew when Sally Yates tried to warn them. But we know what happened there. #Resist #Persist
Good questions. Get the answers and take action.
who arranged the19% donation of Russia's largest Oil Company to DJT?
Trump's Treason has been confirmed! The case is supported by evidence! Take him to trial!
Sen Kamala Harris is pressing the Senate Select Comm. to have a full investigation. Call their members & support her
Don't give up, EW. We need you.
Good wuestions. How about a Special Prosecuter,  and soon. Before he kill us all
Aren't these impeachable offenses?  Why isn't Congress pursuing impeachment?
@2020VoteHillary @WhiteHouse if your not blind or can't hear you should have known what was happening. It was very obvious.
who is leaking sensitive info to the press?   Obama holdovers?  Lock them up!
You should be more concerned about your lying(American Indian).
When@realDonaldTrump ordered him to communicate with Russions and introduced him to the Russian campaign team.
Exactly, and oh, by the way, regardless of what the Trump camp says, I want to see those tax returns.
you missed a good news conference yesterday. time line given.
why is no one speaking of Russia's potential vote tampering? If found true it's time to eliminate electoral college.
These are the questions investigators and investigative journalists should be asking. Also, Oleg Erovinkin death?
when did you know you were angry, opportunistic?
Stop it, Pocahontas. The Obama Administration completely failed to manage Russia. Stop blaming people reprng damage
I hope he gets impeached!
@realDonaldTrump Hillary's #USIntel moles should be exposed & prosecuted. #HillaryForPrison
Hillary's moles in #USIntel are undermining a sitting @POTUS #RussiaHacking->
Why did Obama not protect our Ambassador in Benghazi ??
are we really supposed to believe that Flynn wasn't acting acted on orders?
When did Hillary know about Benghazi threat?
why did Comey make the HRC emails an issue and stay quiet on this? Is he complicit, too?
I can tell you one thing that is certain. You lied about being Native American !  Go away Pocahontas
who gave this military general the orders in the 1dt place?!?!
IF it turns out Russia was feeding them info for the election, then Trump admin should resign.
@jasoninthehouse @SenateMajLdr GOP,  America demands ur attention. Do ur job,  America first not party
@SenateDems @SenateGOP we need a complete investigation of this #lyingWH
is FBI making excuses for Flynn???  That doesn't sound very FBI like.
Who cares
This needs to be fully and openly investigated! When is enough enough? #drump
@ruthsatchfield @WhiteHouse The same should be investigated when Hillary sold uranium to Russia, why is congress ignoring that?!
No the CF has not been investigated under the RICO ACT. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hillary-clinton-is-blaming-russia-for-wikileaks-to_us_580dbb26e4b099c4343198ff …
Ever think they were trying to find out who their leak was? We still dont know what happened!
get to the bottom of it. Our very nation is at stake
keep going girl. Keep asking the right questions we stand with you! So proud we have a woman like you in the Senate.
of it all happened pre Jan 21, what difference does it make? And please tell me, exactly what law was broken?
Ironic Trump lost trust in Flynn and Flynn goes.  We, The People, have lost trust of Trump. Far worse than Watergate.
We know they knew within a week after his inaugural and they did nothing.
why did you spend so much time on my dime passing a resolution saying congrats to the pats. Wasteful
get them Ms Warren. They would have crucified Hillary had this situation applied to her!
IMPEACH this megalomaniac sociopath before he does irreparable damage to us. #ImpeachTrump #WeWantAnswers #Persist
when did Obama know about Benghazi or HRCs private server.  Can't have it both ways
IMPEACH LYING LOONEY DONALD TRUMP! SAD!
We need a do-over election. There's a 1st time for everything.
Forget parties. March on Washington needed. Demand: Independwnt investigation.
This must be investigated and the responsible held accountable all the way to @POTUS  and what he knew.
how long did you know that you were a #fakeindian ?
We ask the same question in #Benghazi and get no answers
haven't you got some more letters to read from 1986? #takingusbacktotheoldskool
Sick! Rump, cabinet of fools & GOP zombies are more disturbed about source of leaks than what was leaked #indivisible
Do you promise to uncover the truth Liz? Honest Injun?
@realDonaldTrump Independent investigation Amust orUSA experiment has ended!We are all Russians!!Ruled byTRUMP/PUTIN!
need Congressional investigation. Cannot leave it to FBI & Comey.
keep the pressure on. The truth always comes out. The rats are already abandoning ship #TrumpLies
@red_winger @WhiteHouse Should the POTUS resign/impeach normally the VP would be sworn in, was the VP aware of DOJ report also?
Guessing most knew and approved because they thought they were too smart to get caught.
That is why spicer, and that kellyann , babbles and twist the truth
From the very beginning
ask all the Repubs who don't want to investigate. All are guilty.
keep on them. They bully you and name call you to distract. You are my hero !!
Who in Federal Government is spying on officials + passing top secrets 2 #CorruptMedia?  @SenWarren @BillKircos @WhiteHouse
I just got back from Europe, the world is laughing at us
Real solutions quickly without causing chaos and horrible expenses that make no sense or will take years to build,
Isis with new hummers, Russian, Chinese, Norh Korea provocations and skirmishes. Trump is beyond incompetent
No legislative agenda, no plan to ADDRESS THE MASSIVE DEBT, Nothing to resolve ports dangers
probably your liberal friends go crawl in a hole with your failed party and candidate #hillaryslapdog
Keep asking, keep pushing - put them ALL on trial!
@50inaug @WhiteHouse keep digging Liz, real America is behind you all the way.
If Russians and Trump tampered with election, results are invalid. Either new election, or Clinton is President.
Trump obviously authorized Flynn to contact Russia. Flynn' motive was to do Trump's bidding, to please him.
I wondering where questions like these were on Benghazi when 4 Americans died #political hack
All will be revealed as we go along but the destruction it causes will be irreparable.
How much information was leaked to Russia? We've been betrayed, and Flynn walks free.
@mch7576 @WhiteHouse does the voting block care?
Doy! You crack me up.............
45 knew for sure.  He either approved or instructed Flynn to carry it all out.  And then he knew from Yates.  #Swamp
They ALL knew!
My gut instinct is that the only person that doesn't know anything about Russia, is Mike Pence.  Keep digging!
What did the president know & when did he know it? #dejavu unfortunately
I put Bulldog Elizabeth Warren as the investigater! @POTUS is not our President! @HillaryClinton & @timkaine are P/VP
Trump knew in Jan. Only became problem after WaPo reported Flynn lied to VP. KC SS & SM been lying to public this whole time.
To borrow a quote from another time, what did he know & when did he know it?  We need answers!  Thank you, Senator.
Please push to investigate Flynn's actions and prosecute him to the fullest extent of the law
Are you crazy? Do you really believe this? Are you just trying for the Democratic nomination in 2020?
Tip of the iceberg. Lot of orange sweat marks at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue...
boxers or briefs is the more serious question correct?
Many answers you will find in hidden tax returns ...
about six months before the election
Please also investigate FBI and Comey. They are obviously partners of crime.
Did Flynn lie?  Maybe Trump/Pence lied about what they claim Flynn did/didn't tell them?  I wouldn't trust DJT's word.  Would u?
@robdromb @WhiteHouse If there is even one patriot in position to leak some of this, please let them come forward now.
@sissel9lw @WhiteHouse And why did @VP go to Court to have his emails sealed?
"Oh! What a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive" And we know we have all been deceived!
Is an economic coup happening before our eyes? Will a Reichstag Fire follow it? What is Trump doing to us?
this craziness continues everyday. Absolutely nothing is being done to improve the USA. #votebluein2018
Who can we trust to find out????
who leaked the damaging Podesta emails that proved the DNC was corrupt?
DT guilty of treason/collusion with Putin. Impeach him, throw out election result - HRC is our pres!
