In July, @MassAGO led 19 state AGs in suing DeVos for delaying rules to help students cheated by #4profit colleges.
Yesterday, 18 state AGs sued @BetsyDeVosED again for illegally suspending Obama Admin #4profit college rules.
News flash to @BetsyDeVosED: As long as you keep ignoring the law, state AGs like @MassAGO will be there to enforce the law for students.
DeVos knows nothing about public education- the WH is not a church. She wants to hurt students of all backgrounds & educate her chosen few.
So wtf are YOU people doing about ANY of this trump b.s.???????
lie
Delusional #drankthekoolaid
Show me where she had broken the law!
Term limits for every damn one of you.
Is this what you learned in a pow wow?
Warren U R the one who Broke the LAW Taking a SCOLARSHIP away from a NATIVE AMERICAN.   Yes, Once again News Media Twisting Trumps words, Warren Called herself Pocahontas, FIRST not Trump. Get over it
That's why Trump hired her because she is scandalous and a thief and a bigot
She is a disaster.
Really liawatha?  350000 for 1 course cause yr an indian.  You r a fraud
AND your U S Senate was too busy with ribbon cutting event is Montana to do anything about it! Great!
AND AND U let it happen.
If she has broken the law, then have her removed.
Bring her up on charges, try & convict her & force Trump to make another questionable pardon.

Why not equalize the federal support of private colleges & universities with publicly funded colleges and universities....America = Equality
Now you're just a ranting nut
When r we going to get rid of this NAZI Regime?? It's throwing the whole world 
into Kaos
You definitely havent gone out of your way to give shady planned parenthood everything they want....
Pocahontas I don't think you know what you're talking about
@gmo1stmimi  Can @BetsyDeVosED be impeached from her position???
@maddow 
@MAXINEWATERS 
@HillaryClinton
@AMJOY @RWPUSA @MSNBC
@NAACP
@gmo1stmimi  When Trump is impeached do all the people in his CABINET have to go too???
@maddow 
@KeithOlbermann 
@PreetBharara 
@RWPUSA
She sure has messed up  the Michigan public school system.  I don’t trust her.
I'm glad that somebody has a big heart to give and to understand students.
What kind of Indian is this woman?
Gee, what a surprise. SO DO SOME THING ABOUT IT!
Little White Dove
Like Trump University? So wrong.
He's a teacher in Oregon, all those Children at risk!
Hello Elizabeth, the State of Oregon ignored our cries for protection of my children! We were almost homeless 3 years ago, DOMESTIC VIOL.
I read that Charter Schools could be the next Enron.  Is our government keeping an eye on things to make sure our tax dollars r well spent?
What do you think Hillary Clinton
Should do with donation $$$
From Weinstein?
Unacceptable

Blablabla I’m sitting squaw and all I do      is b-tch.  Noting else.
It's hard for me to consider her even educated at all. She seems so dumb!
what is being done to stop it.
Did you expect anything else form that phenomenally unqualified ass?
Try to get her thrown out of her position.   Trump was nuts to ever pick her.
Leave Betsy DeVosED alone go check out crooked Hillary
That is just so wrong. Why is this administration getting by with so much waste fraud and abuse? Time we stop it!!
Great!
Trump's entire admin. including his family are all white collar criminals.  It was heart breaking to see Kelly demean himself for trump.
Shouldn't you be writing laws to make life better for Americans - oh wait, you're a democrat, what was I thinking.
And I've read she has connections with loan holders who are calling in delinquent student loans and being very harsh with the terms.
I can't believe that she isn't brought up on charges by now
Another we consider.the.garbage of the USA. SHE IS SO MUCH THAT There IS NO PLACE ON EARTH TO HOLD IT
Kind of like Trump and team gamed Social Media/Polls, and the system itself.. Remotely penetrating voting booths has happened before..
Tell it like it is Elizabeth Warren!
You would know about "shady"
She is a waste of air
Another sneaky crooked person in this administration.
They should lock her up too

Thank you Mrs Future Prez for continuing the fight!
She is supposed to it's her job
Nah you need to go.
@BetsyDeVosED is the antithesis to good education. Her $ & her brother (Seychelles) afforded her a place in admin to tear education apart.
DeVosed again. One of the most despicable conservatives in power.
Using faith to gain power and influence over the less fortunate.
Can't she be prosecuted and removed from office somehow or does she also have a Teflon veil of protection?
But did she say she was Native American?
How is this possible?
Why is she being allowed to the break the law?  Why are any of them?  Are only citizens now required to not break the law?
Very good question.  Can anyone answer?
Thank you for your service brother
#WorstAdministrationEver
Understood.... what are the facts backing that statement up?
We need verifiable information to support what you say....the people deserve it

That’s because that’s where her loyalty lies. She doe not believe in public education!
OMG....if the law is being broken, she should be prosecuted!  As if you didn't have enough on your plate already, Pocahontas.
Trump appoints people that are the complete opposite of who should be in those positions. The actions of DeVos are more baffling every day.
The whole idea is to bring the USA to it's knees, so they can get on with their agenda! People who have no hope are more easy to dictate to.
Wow, had to go that far b acknowledge for an irrelevant picture.  I believe trump was just chatting it up with Putin at G20. They're Friends
DeVos is not qualified to be head of USA education
@BetseyDeVos & @realDonaldTrump fund 4profit colleges 2 scam/prey on elderly/uneducated! They give $$ by stealing from veterans, look it up
I'll take a school that has to produce results in order to earn money over your liberal propaganda institutions any day.
Ms Warren, can you please please run for president.  A lot of us dream of this.  You are a rock to the American people.  keep up the fight
Dept of Ed needs to go away.
All I can do is shake my head no at this point. She pd the the rich kid for her position. I wish for change. Sick of the swamp now. Hate DJT
So why can she not be removed
It's the greedy Republicans way!!!
BREAKING: Obama DOJ Allegedly Threatened FBI Informant To Silence Him On Russian Nuclear Corruption

She is simply not qualified for this position.  Thank you for keeping tabs on her.  Hopefully our whole system won't be ruined in 4 yrs
The swamp is rising in this admin. So much drama and hatedulness.  Jurassic park.
It's time for your Democrats to "Speak Loudly & Carry a Stick". This is what people want it u want win & get votes.
Why are we all so powerless to stop these law breaking law makers?
everything pocah says is distorted and false - someone suggested meds check
Mol moi Nikki moi IMO o
You should've supported @SenSanders but you sold out.
If she is breaking the law she needs to be prosecuted!
WHAT WAS SHADY ELIZABETH WAS WHEN YOU SCREWED AN OLD LADY OUT OF HER HOUSE FOR PEANUTS AND THEN SOLD IT FOR HUGH PROFIT SHORTLY THEREAFTER!!
WHAT WAS SHADY WAS WHEN YOU SAID YOU WERE AN INDIAN - LIED - AND STOLE AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION JOB FROM SOME DESERVING MINORITY! WHAT A JERK!
ELIZABETH YOU RIPPED OFF THE COLLEGE STUDENTS W YOUR HALF MILLION SALARY AT HARVARD FOR 50 MINUTES OF WORK!  FAKE INDIAN!
U don’t care about law unless its reps-if u did u would stop hiding the true corruption created by Dems during Obama’s term
That's just sickening.  : (
Can't we legislate change?
For crappy for profit schools like Trump U
The biggest PIE in the world is the collection of American's taxes. Republicans want to divide it up and give it to their friends.
Good teaching better education... money well spent
Veterans are a large portion of victims of #4profit college fraud & taxpayers big losers.
Infuriating!Unacceptable.I worked BRIEFLY for Kaplan when I was naive.The stories I could tell! BDV is ridiculously unfit & driven by greed!
DeVos does not look like an American name. Must be an immigrant.
Is there nothing Congress could do to remove her? Trumps admin is costing tax payers a lot of money
Thank you for calling her out
Hear religious Christians, what do they learn in church? Not charity for all.
Everything going up to twenty percent we catnt pay but we're still here all colleges went up
That’s because she doesn’t know what she’s doing and believes rewarding the wealthy is the way things should work. Pure entitled behavior.
That's because Wetsy Betsy is a crook.
Sounds like you when you supported Hillary Clinton
@CNN report all the killings, @ of Biafrans. Nigeria has taken the liberty of the world for granted  Short down Buhari Government right now.
What do you care about breaking laws. Your policies encourage it. DO NOT LECTURE US ABOUT BREAKING LAWS. You support ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.
Betsy DeVos doesn’t have a clue how to run Dept. of Ed, just like our POTUS  doesn’t have clue how to govern our GREAT COUNTRY.
#Another Criminal! Where does Trump find these people??
Warren & Soros sitting in a tree --You are a evil woman Warren- #EVIL
Hey warren shady are your ideas for this country and shady was the perform of your dear Obama, the thief of Hillary and three conduct of the Coulter guy. So don't talk to us about shady. You all democrats are shady.
I will be overjoyed when she is flushed with the rest of this incompetent hateful “cabinet.”
You and me both.
She is truly #CruellaDeVos - an evil woman who is lining the pockets of her friends who own for profit "schools" , & dismantling public ed 
And these #4profit collages will then educate children who become Trump sympathizers and silly fatheads
I'm going out of my way to let you know I hope you run for President. Trump 2020 is a lock if you do! @BetsyDeVosED keep up the good work!
She’s a whore!!
All of us will pay when we receive services from uneducated degreed individuals
I know #pocahontas like claiming to be an Indian 2 collect college aid.  Or on a job app to assure u are an affirmative action hire #cheat
Betsy DeVos is not qualified for this position. How can she when she's never been a teacher or principal? Get someone qualified, please.
Shady? You mean like pretending to be a Native American to enhance your job prospects? That's shady.
Devos main job is to keep Americans ignorant - only way she & twitler’s cronies can continue taking advantage.
Ugh my cousin worked for Heald.  She said some scary things.
Make her do time like Martha Stewart did. She will still have her money when she gets out, but make her do time behind bars.
Prosecute her pretty please
Bad human being.
Warren/Duckworth 2020 #winwithwomen #veryqualified #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Throw this dumb broad to the bears!
Brother’s $ talks...I wonder if she had to sleep with Gingrich also... #badpicture
DO SOMETHING
I used an old bike I named BetsyDeVos.  There was nothing good about it even though it was free.
Praise Jesus!!!
Not surprised. What does surprise me is how lazy GenX and Millennials are-all we'll do is retweet and think things will change. #slacktivism
So horrible it's unspeakable!
Does this really surprise us? She is so unqualified for the cabinet position like most of the rest of them. What's her tie in with Russia?
As a teacher, I am so sickened by her behavior and her profit mongering at the expense of students & education.
She is one of the Uber Rich that believes she is above the law. Hope she gets "schooled"
FREE EDUCATION FOR ALL!!!
Similar to Obama in 2013
Ask Devon about her friend jack Abrams off
What about the Clinton Foundation? Funnel money from Uranium Deal???
@SenWarren you are the biggest hypocrite! You lie just as much Hillary. I mean you even lie about your Native American Heritage lol
Has she acquired U of Phoenix yet?
UoP was acquired by a previous executive of the U.S. DOE last year. How ironic. And it's non profit now.
What else but the bottom of the barrel unethical decision makers for DT WH.
Ask Betsy DeVos WWJD, and she’ll lie.
And yet she refused the wish list of BigBrother Bears teaching acedemy for chunky small children.
Member of the MORON CLUB!
Of course..DeVos is corrupt..Trump doesn't know anyone that isn't corrupt. We need this entire administration gone!!
300 for one class and you have the nerve to question anyone lieawatha
DeVos...DeVos...Oh, yeah, the one that can't spell? How did she end up as ANYTHING related to education? That's like me heading the NSA. Smh
Remember Pence broke the tie to confirm her.
I'm fed up with 45 & his swamp they all need to be jailed
Let’s talk about Hillary, Bill, Obama, and Holder breaking MANY laws!!
So why then is DOJ doing nothing? Guess it's BS on your part
How much money did you get from Harvey ?
The trump administration is doing everything it can to undermine public education.
Just proves how little understands about the importance of education and the way it should work in a free society. #unqualifiedforthejob

She cares more about profits than she does about students and must be removed and replaced!
Stop these crooks!
And #Pocahontas went out of her way to convince John Smith she was a congresswoman to get special tribal privilege.
Proof?
Well we knew she wan't very smart.
How?
She has no right to be anywhere near anything to do with education.  She is unknowledgeable & hates public education.
Lock her up!!
#ImranAwan #ClintonRussia We do know who's shady Lizzie!
Damn this lady is a disgrace to education. Resign Betsy.
Disgraceful. She must be removed!
She’s the Antichrist of education.
Secy. DeVos... helping our children get a quality education... Pocahontas beholding to big education unions for funding.  VOTE HER OUT!

Then hold her accountable to the law.
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_politics/2017/10/black_leaders_irked_with_liz_warren … #Common #CROOK
