We NEED someone with power to stop this! Trump is copying Hitler who copied Mussolini! Dramatic, but true! America in trouble! !
Lmao!  Somewhere your former history/civics/government teachers are turning over in their graves. #clueless
You really should go back and read things you've posted and realize how ignorant you are. Stick with your own!
Thanks for your opinion and advice, grandma. When i want to hear uninteresting BS, I know where to go. 
people alone!  It's been proven you Trumpers are mostly uneducated and you prove that with every word you type.
lol it's been proven. Memere, you can't be that gullible. You're too "experienced" for that.
Just look at your user name. Pretty much speaks for itself.
I had to block her and,  just battled another one but,  she is a loser, blocked me.  I'm sick of them
as has usually been the case, the GOP will make HUGE mess, Dems will clean it up. GOP will then criticize how the job was done.
http://theweek.com/articles/625515/hillary-clinton-loves-trumpet-bills-budget-surplus-shouldnt …
You mean like the GOP cleaned up Clinton's mess?
If you mean cleaned up as in turned it into the 2008 meltdown, OK.
You do understand what the housing bubble was about and why clinton caused it... right?
I understand the bubble & it had many causes.  Simplistic to put it all on Clinton. W had 7+ yrs to address it.
And the GOP tried to dig us out. But it's hard to do when the dems dig a hole that deep.
Yet Obama did so.  HMM.
Obama did what? Dig us out? lmao try again. The ONLY president to not have a 3% GDP. Over taxed and regulated business
@KatHeartwell 8 years to fix it and not a damn thing is better than it was so
I guess u haven't paid attention have u? Millions have health ins. Unemployment lower. Larger economy. Nice try 
All bullshit
Yeah, pure BS if u ignore the data. Nice try. Prez  Obama helped this country no matter what u believe.
8 solidyears at war, 10T in new debt
What war? Fighting ISIS? So, cut & run or?? Obama increased debt by 35%, Bush 86%. Yeah, that's comparable. U should stop.
you are literally too stupid to talk to
Nothing to show how Obama set country back so resort to ad hominem & low intelligence remarks. I'm not surprised.
dear Senator Warren I have been tweeting you would really like an email address
I moved from Boston to Maryland to help with workforce development in inner cities and want to help!!!!
Tough talk from a worm like yourself. Where was your accountability for all the failures & waste during Obamacare? Pathetic!!
I take it you mean Bill and Hilary Clinton? I'd have thought you have them on speed dial? You are her lapdog after all.
does this mean you are holding Obama accountable?How can that be?You're paid off by the same evil man-right?Not US gov't for sure
Due respect, but they already have the keys. We must change locks, bar doors, & toss the bums in the slammer.
@SenWarren @Solutioneer72
we love you senator !! You are for the people !!
what happened to Diane Feinstein????
you & @SenSchumer need 2B be held accountable 4 destroying lives of 9M expats & exporters.  You've locked Americans in via #FATCA
Fauxcahauntas may not even win a 2nd term. Her lies  & obstructionism not going over well at home. She's my Sen. It's embarrassng
never realized what a sick and slithering snake you are. But I'm into you now. Liar&nutcase. Hey bot: be sure to let Lizzie know
For the love of God, Sen. Warren, you've got to stop this madness!! None of his nominees is qualified for positions appointed!
yes Jason I'm very serious. If you disagree, keep it with your own group. I don't care to hear your hateful remarks
That is why Trump is going to set term limits so CONGRESS will stop ruining our lives and be held accountable for their actions
@ZezeSwanson then work on gotv instead of playing trumps name calling game. Fix gerrymandering- gotv where it really counts
A 1%er 2 the core.
Warren 2020.  A cakewalk!
if she tried to run for POTUS someone would take her out I'm sorry but there is no way that woman should EVER get near the WH.
refuse to support legislation unless Trump supplies a full list of all the ways it might impact his holdings.
You mean the way Fauxcahontis made millions off of insider knowledge on buying foreclosed homes and flipping them?
That would be a total lie. She made ~$240k flipping homes BEFORE she ran for office. Research a little
you better research a little better
@Sanddragger so, you want Obama held accountable?
ok go for it I am sure she is around
I need your help in going after wells Fargo,please tweet me
GOVT regs ruined the economy.  Fannie & Freddie were guaranteeing all of these toxic loans.  Look within for economic corruption.
the government is not the answer it is the problem. if it would stay out of real free enterprise it would fix it's self
Yet, we just gave the key and opened the door to another billionaire and his friends. #PoorwillgetpoorerRicherwillgetricher
His name is Barry Obama
YES like Bill Clinton did YET you was willing to give it to his wife Hillary. He created the housing bubble. .com bubble & more
Who broke the economy?
Socialism, spending someone else's money.
Yed,, you should quit immediately.
you had the house and Senate to put them in prison like they did in Iceland yet u did nothing but scold em, pathetic! All talk!
so who did you sentence to jail time??? Goldman and the the rest kept bonuses on backs of middle class
<3% GDP growth with last administration. Bet this one does better
we need to get people to the polls to elect smart decision makers!
and when congress all dropped their stocks before the crash, where are they now. Oh still in office. Because congress cares! LOL!
we  Trump
@MAHAMOSA Those from both parties who pander to corps need to walk away into history. We're done! #brandnewcongress
I used to be a strong democrat! And about 15 yrs ago I got fed up with the party & left. You remind me why! #bitterbitch
I agree, then why didn't you do it  when you had the chance?  Dodd Frank a joke and totally political.  Blaming LO's instead?
He is out of office now. Anyone is an improvement.
Agree.   We need a PLAN to put a stop to this outrage.  First thing?  Get rid of the crook! #FakePresident
Why didn't you endorse Bernie Sanders when it could have made a difference? #StillSanders
God wouldn't let it rain on Trump's speech. God will protect the 1%. Game over.
@MAHAMOSA so why didn't you run? you would have won… get one chance, honey, we did not want Hillary, you rolled over
@MAHAMOSA // How can we help?!
And THIS is what all of those broke white citizens voted for? Against their own interests...
so that means your resigning??? Because stupid career politicians with no business experience is what got us in the mess!
@Mama_Liberal well it is a sad day & statement for America! Grifter Trump is getting away will everything so is Ryan & McConnell!
so why did u choose them?   AGAIN1..hmmmmmm
@kerryav5
difficult for me too believe gop peers are going to sit back & say yes to everything? They have no love for the people & country
you doubled the debt.  HELLO?????????
@Airella013 too late Elizabeth. this is happening. Bernbots and other so-called "progressives" now have the results they wanted.
: that's why Dems keep losing
@eigenscape if you are true to your word then you need to hold Obama Bill Clinton and George W bush accountable
that is why Democrats are not currently a majority...
Totally Agree. Please don't let them get in easily. Hold them and Trump accountable.
well I guess the fix we need to start with in Washington is to accept your resignation.  Please sent it to @realDonaldTrump
90 days too late
Avoid this again: Iftheeffectsofthecrisisarepermanentcostmaybe morethandoublethe$6-$14trillionestimate https://www.dallasfed.org/research/eclett/2013/el1307.cfm?d=1&s=tw?d=1&s=tw …
that's why we striped you of all your power..Democrats.
Ask Obama why he didn't do that please.
We are with you 100% Elizabeth Warren, keep on the fight to make people responsible for their actions responsible to all!
Go away u fool we don't want people like u in our govt
The Dem sent the Nation into the crash. Dem want TOTAL Gov control. Dem took Med, Educ, Food.. Next, your guns, homes & freedom!
soar loser
100% correct . That's why we have the Republicans running the country now. Time for you to move on.
Just remember Liz-  If you would have backed Bernie before Mass he may have won your state and we'd be swearing him in today.
- look in the direction of Dodd & Frank for clues to how the economy tanked. As I recall they were on your side
that's why you and hrc don't have the keys, Sir
That goes for people of BOTH parties, Elizabeth!
keep up the good fight!
u should b next presidential candidate!
Agreed!But there are still corrupt career politicians in DC Focus some attention on problems right under ur nose. #draintheswamp
go get em' Sen Warren! This election has proven GOP choses party over decency and what the people they rep want. #TheResistance
Pal-eez Pocahontas. You lost! Work to unite after 8 years of dividing America
Thank you for asking the tough questions, not backing down and making them squirm.
so when the economy is doing good you take credit but when it tanks let's blame anyone but politicians.
Are you kidding ? 8 years of a broken economy despite your  increased riches.
@Rabbit2426 Great how fast can u impeach him ?? We r all for it
I know a Cherokee who did that.
Sadly we are learning over and over that there no real punishment for them.  Plus all of them will be confirmed anyways. 
You mean these criminals?
@STARZPR the trailer for Black Sails "there is not a good man among them. Might have been, once.
So how do we do that? As we will see in a few hours voting is not the answer.
the GOP is succeeding in dumbing down America and stealing them blind.
They certainly dumbed you down well 
too late
We need women like you in the world. My respect Mama.
Trump want the banks deregulated sadly that was put in place to protect Americans scary stuff
maybe Dems should have prosecuted them when you had the chance then...
Still stupefied how we are inaugurating a man who didn't release taxes or put bus in a blind trust! Isn't that illegal? Scared
Thieves r bout to enter the WH. Nepotism self dealing & USA will pay DTs foreign debts WE lose everything Pres.O did
um... that's why Trump was elected.
Sounds like the DRC...
@Margaretherapy Looks like it's gonna happen though!
A little late... they already have the keys.  Time to back someone for 4 years.. so we can fix the mess Trump's going to make.
love you Senator Warren for being our voice.
Thank you;I am fortunate 2 have u as my Senator because I know u work 4 what is right & appreciate u standing tall in these times
Fired !
But weren't you in office as well? Sincerely and respectfully asking.
Finally Liz is being honest with herself.
they broke it, now they are going to make it so when it breaks again, only they will be the profiteers. These jesters can't stay
lol. Says the lady that backed the lady that got all the wall street money. Give me a fucking break.
oh like you?  What have you do e to fix it.
@645ciDIVA  You should have joined Bernie and stood against them when you had a chance. You sold us out
Probably should have been held accountable when we had the chance - 7 years ago. @BlueMark55
@GetBZLiving so why didn't we do anything?They stole the election AGAIN Why are we letting them in we have program they cheated
Well, a lot of them are leaving Washington in about 12 hours, so that's a start. Accountability was your job though, wasn't it?
They are being held accountable..... HAVENT you noticed???Democrats got voted out...YOU ARE CORUPT... CROKED CORUPT UNTRUSTWORTHY
I believe it was Dems policies that have put this country in huge debt
can you stick together like Repubs do,, bet not
It's unbelievable..they're being rewarded for deplorable behavior! This is what we're teaching our youth!
Its cyclical. We build it up - they tear it down.
@PhilipdClarke  We must fight to keep the foxes out of the hen house. Thank you Sen. Warren.
that's right! When you are leaving?
Indeed
thank you for your tireless fight. We won't stop #RESISTANCE
Keep fighting, Elizabeth! We are behind you!
You think the fed is more responsible with money? Lmao
With a billionaires cabinet & their deplorable leader, Capitalism finally took a human face as arrogant, wicked vulture
Wrong demand. It needs breaking! Real question: Why worship an economy of consumption as 'progress' when we need sustainability?
@ledmondson39 too late
R U talking about Bill Clinton repealing the Glass-Steegle act?
@MikeFitzburg @SenWarren , I will do my best in my state to motivate others. But I fear these people that ruined our economy will see $ and
just screw us over again, esp. with the power of the Republicans on their side.
I suppose that is why he isbeing removedfrom office tomorrow. :)
who broke who's economy. people are better taught homeschooling. Schools are dangerous, teachers are burnt out.
That's not true. My son is in 9th grade & taking college level math & science (college credits). So...yeah fake stmnt.
It's a little late for that, don't you think? Sure, we'll fight to steer the bus but they clearly have the wheel and peddles.
@BernieSanders @SenSchumer Please don't let Wall Street have the keys to the government. They ruined people before. Watchdog yes
the people who voted in don't care. Talk about voting against your own best interests. 
agreed !  Liberal Democrats must be held accountable !
do you mean Congress?
R u saying u r going to resign U were at head of that conga line baby 
just love you...keep up the good work!!!
We're counting on you Elizabeth!
yep, no more Democrats.
I could not agree more,So when are you and the rest of the crooked bunch (Clinton family ect.) going to jail!
Who writes the laws...you and Obama have screwed us for too many years.  Suck it...you lost.
umm Pocahontas dear. Your people broke the economy.
shut up
I know we are putting Amway saleswomen and  clean energy dismisses in the key position. So discouraging.
so ur talking about the democrats? Obama says ur economy is doing great, u say it's broken, which is it ?
absolutely
Counting on you to make sure they don't!
and those people wudnbe you & the liberals dems look at the urban community and look at healthcare deductibles so high unuseable
@ThePix722 how in this wonderful world can you say it isn't you? You are a divider of the American people!
KICK ROCKS! @SenWarren
yes ma'm!!! Hold their feet to the fire!
@LilacsxGirl All of Trump's picks including HIM are unethically unfit a Criminals Empire defrauding cheating people lie to deny
But isn't that an argument falling on deaf ears? All of those unqualified people will be in office as if hearings are just show.

@charlene_rallo  DAMN RIGHT ELIZABETH
DESPICABLE HYPOCRITE.
Didn't u care about the lives that u ruined when u bought foreclosed homes &flipped them 2buy urself a 5.4million dollar House
whatever..
Absolutely!  That's why we voted out as many Dems as possible!!
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/columnists/adriana_cohen/2017/01/adriana_cohen_elizabeth_warrens_snub_of_betsy_devos_shows_who …
you supported Hillary who was in Wall Streets back pocket! Hypocrite! Give me a break
