Haven't seen that in decades. Very few in Congress especially the GOP are there to foment.  Obstruction and a fat paycheck.
After reading all these hateful trolls, how do we not just kill ourselves?  This battle is over.  Welcome Russian overlords!  #DividedStates
Did you hear about Seth Rich and the DNC?
Yeah. It's been discredited.  Fake news
You wish
And where the hell were you over the last 8 years!?You are so blinded by your partisan politics that you cant possibly be objective.
I agree. Let's start with you and your fake heritage. Will you step down due to your public shame?
What is wrong with u?  Her heritage does not matter!  Trump's lies affect us all!! Hers affected no one, and she just believed her family!!
Her heritage does matter, snowflake. She touted her heritage to get her cush teaching job at Harvard. Have you no sense of pride or dignity?
#Flush_the_government(s) !!!

#MAGA  ?=?  #MAwis ...?
Like claiming to be native American even though you aren't.  #hypocrite
You ignored us when you refused to endorse Sanders, then campaigned for Wall St darling Clinton. Don't worry, we will hold you accountable.
Who killed Seth Rich?
They are going to fix the voting system so that POC cannot vote and fix it so the GOP can always win. Its on my page please read it!
THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I VOTED #TRUMP45 & WOULD NEVER  VOTE FOR YOU LIAR #Fauxcahontas
You were lied to by a Russian mole who has now turned over our country to a dictator.  Evidence is everywhere, while you pretend we r safe!!
Already done, dummy!! You need new material.  Not HRC'S fault Trump is a Russian agent!! Far worse!! Can't blame Obama now. Troll.
Then stop supporting corporate Democrats like HRC and her deeply dishonest TrumpRussia narrative:
New book by 'Shattered' by Clinton insiders reveals that "blame Russia" plan was hatched "within twenty-four hours" of  election loss. 
How is Trump holding tea with Russians a fake story?? You are so deceived!  We saw him. He admitted it!! Not HRC's story. #ImpeachthemAll
"Accountable" (?) as in HRC being accountable for her lies and deception; BHO for saying we can keep our Drs. & our premiums will go down?
We need a smaller, accountable government.
Nailed it!! Not about policy now.  Betrayal supercedes policy args. He and his team must go.  Impeach them all!  Pence is in on it.he knew.
Go away!
Is there finally enough evidence that money corrupts democracy? Enough evidence to overturn Citizens United? @PreetBharara
They were all saying it. It was a scam and America knew it but we were betrayed and force fed this disaster Obummer care.Obama SUCKED
Accountable all the time or only when your party isn't in power?
You figure it out
I already know the game. Neither party is accountable when they're in charge.
Boy howdy! You're right! That's why Nixon didn't resign and Clinton wasn't impeached.
Fast & Furious gun running, Bengazi, Clinton's email server, IRS targeting conservative groups, Obama interfering in Israeli elections...
1) Stopped 2) Millions spent on a big NOTHING 3) trump dirty tricks 4) Christian paranoia 5) REALLY?!
1) stopped after guns were smuggled to the cartels and US border agents were killed with them
And who smuggled them? The problem was the #GreedMerchants who traffic in guns & whom the trump cabal supports.
We don't want/need a gov that dems want. Complete & total control of americans lives . We are big boys and girls and know what works for us.
Elizabeth Warren Native American / Cherokee Controversy

http://elizabethwarrenwiki.org/elizabeth-warren-native-american-cherokee-controversy/ …
Like the type of gov where the elected officials don't lie in order to connect with “people like me” ?
.@SenWarren AT-WILL employment of gov't employees would enhance gov't accountability, terminate bad employees in less than a day #CAPIdeas
It seems that the bigger the government, the harder to keep said govt accountable 
Power corrupts. It is foolish to think the ministers of such a powerful government as the US could ever be "accountable."
More Truth to Power from one righteous lady!
It says we all need to embargo because they will not help the sick People of Color poor and the WH will be  filled with W-Nationalist
I read an article I tagged your name in it and it talks about the GOP and they wont put 45 in jail & they are changing our whole the US
Nicely put!
Big gov = big taxes.  What do we get for that money - nothing!!
We have way too much government. I am so tired of permits for everything.  All these do is allow fees (tax) people for what end?
Preach!
We need no govt
No, we need one that works for Americans FIRST, then accountability is built in, you are part of Americans Gov't unaccountability
As accountable as the Obama administration was? Please! How about elected gov officials dispense with all the hypocrisy, let's start there
Your a crazy bitch
Baby ur not accountable that's for sure pocohantas u actually make me puke ur a nasty stinky woman bye Felicia
And for god's sake smart government!
We sure needed accountability during @BarackObama 8 years
So get out
So true.
When things go wrong in cities, states, the nation, or people are threatened, we call on gov't. We don't call GM, or IBM. Gov't costs money
Accountable? What about #SethRich?
And when have we ever had that? You're no different than the rest Liz. Term limits is the only way to drain the swamp.
Something we can agree upon and build on. Include prior administrations and you'll be on to something
Benghazi, Fast and Furious, weaponizing the IRS against conservatives, the Clinton Foundation, the list goes on and on

So does that mean you're retiring?
did you know about Seth sending all those emails to WikiLeaks? #DEMkillers #sethrich
*#TermLimits for old women*
Those are nothing compared to Trump's crimes.  He is a Russian mole in the WH. Profiting from the office.  Horrid! Why can't you see it?
When will the Democrap Obama Admin be accountable for their corruption & illegal activities? Little bias here! Get to the bottom
Starting with the Obama administration remember the billions he gave Iran. I do
Mrs Warren. Exactly why Trump was elected. Dems could not be trusted anymore. Feeding falsities to the people will not work. Get to work
Yes, bring TRUMP to court, today!
right now we just need A government...
Where in the hell have you been?
how about accountable people who don't pretend to be Native Americans you freaking hypocrite
Less government is much easier to hold accountable. That's why you fight against it.
no.  by its nature big government cannot be accountable.  not in Homo sapiens anyway.  maybe for leafcutter ants...
Accountable and truthful government
This, from the group that helped story the sabotage the Presidential ticket for their preferred candidate. Pretty words w/o action = CAP
Again clinton and 400.000.00 to obama for a speech for the same people u r against wall street when u gonna give your speech to them
and probably better schools so people are not so ignorant
Absolutely!
@SenWarren I'm assuming when you say accountable, you mean big gov, and by big gov I mean Democrat run Socialist Gov. right?
We need a functioning constitutional government
Yes, Obama taught that clearly. You fascist leftists still make it obvious.
And honesty about our heritage.
Please tell the republicans that continue to support trump that they are like the spectators in the fable "The Emperor has no Clothes"
You pretty much wrote a book on twitter in the last hour how do you ever find the time to do your job
Important thing is prison for all the criminals #hillaryclinton
The bigger the government the more avenues there are to shift blame and accountability.  Endless paper-chase.
Start with You
Yesterday you said you were ok with @HillaryClinton super PAC, did you know it will be funded by dark money? Dems/GOP both corrupt.
I believe it has been taken away from the people and the Senate and I'm at a loss for words at America being in this position
And a government not being blackmailed by russia
Wow. That's laughable Pocahontas! Especially given your candidate in 2016.
Fight city hall". Worked in govmt. 27 yrs in large  St next 2 yours. Seen it all. Hopefully people get angry enough 2 become more involved.
Yeah !!! That's why you support Killary
Which would be fundamentally easier with a smaller government... @TravisKoch
Gfys
There is no accountability in government period and hasn't been forever. That's how politicians continually get reelected.
That goes for you and your friends in the government
Many people still r afraid 2 get involved because of visibility. Afraid of losing job, or reemployment, if seen mixing with the "ENEMY".
I've worked hard trying 2 encourage people 2 help make lawmakers/ elected officials accountable.  Many won't vote thinking they "can't
Amen to that! Really  admire  u!
The problem is Pocahontas the fact is bigger govt gets the less accountable it becomes!!
Nope, we all could use less of DC.
@DanScavino @MorningsMaria WTH u n Ds been ... GOP not far behind. Term limits needed.
If the GOP really cares about small government they would cut the house and senate in half around the whole country
Just cut their salaries and prosecute any that vote regardless their conflicts of interest.
Right now our government is a farce Impeachment proceedings must be started immediately
A gov must have principles of taking care of the needs of the majority. Rep are are true to their principles of bigDem purge big 
Less government is what we want.
Quit tweeting and spewing about corrupt government.  If YOU are in it, it is corrupt
You supported a candidate whose classified information was sent to Anthony Weiner.  Not sure you are qualified to speak about accountability
Let's start with #SethRich murder .@DNC not cooperating with FBI over hacked server, @HillaryClinton's 33,000 deleted emails bathroom server
Then help us push the #SethRich forward till theres an official investigation!
CAN'T HAVE ACCOUNTABLE GOV ... WHEN THE RUSSIAN PRESS ARE ALLOWED, BUT TRUMP KICKS OUT OUR AMERICAN PRESS! WHAT'S BEING SAID!!?? DMN COMMIE!
#DamnRight
So you were ok with restoring credibility to fire Comey and then all of a sudden u weren't? U think Russian investigation just stops?????
And we need an impeachment
@SenWarren thank you for your honest service and fighting for the common man ahead of the Mercers and Kochs.  Trickle up and not down!
Honest? Then why does she fight for equality and then get caught paying her female employees less then men? Where'd her millions come from?
Puhleez you're accusing @SenWarren of being unfair to women?! Please crawl back under rock. how trump treats women - that okay with you?!!
I'll find the article n prove it
like folks claiming to be native american just to get minority preference. gotta fix that shit
That is so unfair! Irrelevant when Prez is giving our country to Russia.  Who cares?  You betray the uniform! Sellout. Disgusting. #impeach
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan need to be held accountable for the disaster in the WH!!
Senator, I had no idea the power executive branch has before Trump. U all need to fix these holes after him. Showing tax return, make a law!
If we think of government as the will of the people, we see why kleptocrats would want it smaller.
That works, actually works, for the people.
And that's why we the people need you to run for President. If you run, I for the first time in my life will will volunteer to help you win.
We need you, @SenWarren. Thank you for knowing what is right and not compromising. You are adored for all- the- right reasons. #trumpMustGo
So I take it you're ok with her paying her female employees far less then men?
The bigger the gov't, the harder it is to keep accountable.
You should take a bow for getting Trump elected. Congrats!
Thank you!
Good luck!
Impeach and replace.  ASAP @SenateGOP must grow a pair.

then resign u insane woman u and stop flaunting murdering @HillaryClinton around #SethRich knew #Democrats sold the country out!
Which, based on the tepid comments from various Republicans re: Trump's classified info dump 2 Russians, we currently don't have.
Will you apply GASB 67 & 68 to each department and agency and OPM? Why won't you?
not, never with thix jerk Herr trumpLEr, der Furhrer!!
VERY DANGEROUS POTUS HAS RUSSIANS N W/H REFUSED U.S. PRESS N MEETINGS & SITES LEAKS.WHAT CONVERSATION POTUS HAS W/ USSR USA SHOULD NOT KNOW
And with our legislators unwillingness to hold the pres accountable it is a sad day for us
The GOP  is going to hate that word in 2018 given their silence and complicity 
"Accountable government" is only a requirement for Democrats.
Good Idea. When can we expect Cong. to be held accountable for lying to voters & wasting taxpayer $ ? Term Limits !
Term LImits
Please kill non-compete agreements rammed by employers. Make it unenforceable.
No...UR wrong.
It's definitely LESS GOVT and more accountable GOVT.
That would mean you're gone ASAP, #Pocahontas.
#ShePersisted #LIES #MAGA
I find the size of government argument only seems to matter if agencies work for agendas that oppose one party's philosophy.
but if the Philosophy agrees with the agenda then the size of Gov is perfectly fine, or should be increased for that.
And we need protection from #Trumprussia
Damn straight. You work for us!
Yes! & @realDonaldTrump should be held accountable for treason. Sharing intel is not acceptable.
We must have a government we can trust again. You are a big part of that.
Then tell her to start paying her female employees the same as men if she's gonna parade around about equality.  Come on Warren!
We will never ever have accountability in Government with people like you there. Ma'am
You and your murderous, lying party IS the problem.
I'd be happy with "functioning gov" right now...
...and that starts with Congress! Town halls should be MANDATORY!  Next is a summary of votes for the month/year and reasons why yes/no?
Add trustworthy and I'm in...
We need gov that works and works for the American people. This govt does neither
How about we let the president have a meeting without claims he gave confidential data to anyone -- that is his job & what would you do?
Exactly and we have yet to hold Hillary accountable with the Clinton foundation for her dealings with Russia and for Benghazi
If not accountable can we at LEAST get competent gov?
You guys already spy on anyone this is pro Trump
how about plainly FUNCTIONAL government?    And how about using the TOOLS the founders gave you to keep power in check: Impeachment!
No shit. #LockHerUp.
Set the example, Pocohontas.
About that....why didn't you stand with #NoDAPL ?
FRAUD JEB HENSARLING & MAXINE WATERS ARE TWO DANGEROUS FINANCIAL TERRORIST AT FSC IN PARTNERSHIP WITH OBAMA/EHOLDER
Lmao....
