thanks for having our back Senator Warren!
keep America's workers SAFE!  
Every country who has free healthcare is in shambles. You have to wait 6 weeks to be seen by a doctor.
Dave, where do read this crap at? Christ, you show no sources and when you do its in an image format.
I tried to private message you the article and it said you don't exist....
I'm a figment of your imagination
it is a shame that the illegitimate president is still in power
it is absolutely disgusting that Trump and the GOP are taking us backwards #corruption
If $$ for OSHA directly means safer workers, why don't we just give OSHA an open checkbook?  #logiccheck
Because every industry needs a system of checks and balances to prevent corruption.
I completely agree. I just don't support the logic that money and good govt are linearly related. That is insanity.
I've been a construction worker for 30 years. OSHA is a joke. All they do is issue fines. They protect no one.
you probably would have died 15 yrs ago without safety rules, so.....
INVESTIGATE SOROS NOW
How do you know when @realDonaldTrump is lying?  His thumbs are moving.
fantastic! Thank you for your resistance and persistence!!!!! This is an illegitimate POTUS & must be impeached
OMG he is insane.....
omg!!! If this doesn't motivate blue collar works to turn away from republicans
Maybe McConnel will have you thrown out and locked up for impersonating a Senator....DISGRACE  !!!
that is bad are we going back to child labor soon too
what the heck? 45 works for the people and all he has done is take from us. We are a country, not a company.
please trip on your way
get a life . Start working together
Bless you .
good luck with that. Mr Trump doesn't care about us
only cares about "bottom line", not the safety of American workers.
Too much Federal government too much regulations is not the American way.
If it's good for the working people, the republicans are opposed to it.  Persist!  @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
are most of them working tho?? Just another way for them to make money!
OSHA is a way for workers to make money?  WTF?   @TonyBar95324382 @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
yep, the OSHA workers! Just like EPA! I'm not saying everyone from OSHA OR EPA but seriously!
Be gone Fake Bot Trump Troll!
*poof*
Go get them Elizabeth, this guy has no idea!
Go Get Em Senator! You make me proud to bring my daughter to D.C. Today and to be a Dem!
You go! Persist!
Despite his lies during his campaign, Trump couldn't care less about workers. Corporate profits are his #1 goal.
way to many regulations.
more regulation means less business.... #CommonSense
makes sure you wear steel toe boots, hold onto the provided hand rails, and have your orange vest handy
about time shut down osha and Warren resign
Thank you for all you do.
Kick their ass Girl! We are counting on you!!!
"quite frankly my dear, I don't give a dam"
ohhhh. Let's change the subject to OSHA now that we find out obamas admin committed crimes to surveillance trump
This administration cares NOTHING for the people of this great land!!
Good Luck with that!
go senator go
OSHA is out of control. They have cost businesses  millions. Time to regulate OSHA instead of the opposite
he wants us all dead President Mangele is what #Trump should b called!
Elizabeth Warren along with her roadies need a comprehensive mental evaluation! Leader of the mentally ill...
Do everyone a favor and keep walking Pocahontas.
Anybody tune in Lizzie?
small biz. Doesn't need more legislation that further complicates and increases their administrative costs.
this is just another scare tactic from the leader of the mentally disturbed left.
Next on Trump's agenda will be rolling back child labor laws.They'll need to choose between having a childhood/education and Trumpcare
talk to the floor and to  us about #ImpeachTrump
please impeach him
He is not cutting OSHA safety you lying buffoon.
well, yes - yes he is.  Read the bill.
Warren more interested in regulation than jobs she is disgusting bureaucrat typical of internationalist Dems
Trump trail rollin' on thru Elizabeth!
yes and how many jobs will we lose because of it
GO, LIZ!!!
this is a good thing.apparently you have never been in the private sector trying to make a living
HOPE THEY TELL YOU TO SHUT UP AGAIN!
How is the safety of workers negotiable? We are going back 50+ years!
I can Not understand why the hell you even have a job after lying about your race to further your career!!!???
Warren you are so out of touch with the People in America. Libs Lost ,deal with it.
don't have anymore words to describe how I feel about this EVIL, PSYCHOPATH, NARCISSISTIC, VINDICTIVE TRAITOR!!!
#GoElizabeth #ShePersisted
People, is Warren your only news source? Safety regulations are not going away
Midwest states threaten and intimidate Democratic supporters while reports say otherwise. Protect ALL citizens!!
Here she goes again. Pocahontas s/b Parrot Head! "Heading to the senate floor"! OMG how do we get her to stop?
what is going on here??? Why is #trump trying to make America a horrible place to live? Is he trying to sell it?
he needs to resign!! He has no clue how we the people live!! I am so sick of this clown and his cronies/puppets
The damage DT is causing will take years to correct and some will be irreparable.
also, please discuss why Comey lied to congress about Trump team surveillance
Go get them Liz as usual.
Oh, break your leg. Did you hear the news:Cong. Nunez confirms a surveillance of Trump transition team.
OSHA is already crooked enough now Trump wants 2 suck up so they look the other way in his fam projects as if they don't already
while there, please try to find out who unmasked Trump team white gathering info on Russia
Go do what you do best, Elizabeth. Persist!!
Horse grap
I've seen my share of stupid poor white people but not to this degree where they vote against own interests.
get your peers and save our planet and safety in the workplace
thank you for representing American citizens
This is the most disgusting display of I don't care about the american people that I have ever seen!!  Shameful
when will the articles of IMPEACHMENT be set forth?
Zzzzzzzz . . .
What is Nunes doing? Do you brief someone that is under investigation, and the investigation is about them?
Repubs are starting the cover up; they just hanging on to the detriment of the american people
got get them tiger!
@sgaskell Nice
courage wisdom Godspeed senator thank you
cut OSHA rules, build that daycare with substandard electrical, watch it go up in flames. Thoughts & prayers!!
Senator, please use all your power to convince the @SenateGOP to save our country from the inept Bozo in charge
Why is 45 still in office? So many things against him that leads to impeachment.
I feel like we are all in danger. Is this to be taken seriously. Help us Senator Warren thank you
Make corporations great again.
cut regulations save money
TRUMPS REAL BUDGET PRIORITIES  https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/photos/a.115969958413991.17486.114517875225866/1749890128355291/?type=3 …
Or, you can go and persist the hell out of the floor to impeach this Fake Illegitimate Treasonous President!
Yes- take a rain check today and stay home. Would be appreciated 
@GhostPanther @realDonaldTrump as a USW member you are wrong in raising restrictions for workers safety! OSHA protects us!
@GhostPanther @realDonaldTrump FOOL he is!
impeachment on the agenda please our country is being held hostage by a big con 
Must be what @SenAlexander referred to in an earlier tweet about eliminating Obama regs. GOP not for working man
Liar!! Quit with your lying political games! You Dems continue to display your bigotry over losing the election
.  @SenWarren   Persist!   #resist
Lets see - uranium sell off, Syria, Benghazi, 14 year old, Iraq pullout, etc...  What a resume the last 8 years
Lizzy Just head To The Senate Toilet and Stick You Head In to IT. You and Your venomous Party Has Failed. OVER!!
any Trump voter that supports cuts to OSHA safety deserves what they get
companies should have respect for their employees & keep them safe without someone telling them what to do
London! Reason for a pause of refugees, into the US.  What if that was u or family, laying on sidewalks. Very sad day
#Neverthelessshepersisted
imagine having no inspections on construction work sites. Developers dream
THIS AFFECTS ME BIG TIME! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE FIGHT FOR US (ME!!!!)
Impeach now!  #TrumpLiesMatter
take from the poor and give to the rich
What! He doesn't care about safe working condition? At least they have #trumpcare when they're maimed on the job
trunpcare is a legal death sentence!!  We are all up shits creek!!
Go girl
stop the madness of Trump
Sen. Warren always fights the good fight. @SenWarren @zhonne @realDonaldTrump
all you need to do is listen. Don't say anything! It reveals your ignorance!
are in a contest with Nancy Pelosi to see who can lie more ?
Protect our workforce Senator Warren!!!
Pocahantas continues her quest to be an useless obstructionist. It must be awesome to get paid to just complain all the time.
Trump is literally destroying America.
Get it on Lizzz!!
Damn it I can't keep up! This is an important one, folks! OSHA is woefully understaffed. Workers need MORE safety, not less!
thank you for defending the little folks UNLIKE the liar president.
it's going to be a rough 4 years for you Binky. Better stock up on coloring books.
Safety of employers' bottom line is the ONLY thing our Liege Lord values, not human safety.
. WE MUST PROTECT OUR CITIZENS
top 10% wants to defund/end Gov (Union for the 90%), so there is nothing to prevent them from enslaving us all!!
Go get them!!
Give em hell!
Wow. So that means we cut all this huge $ to make him safe too!@realDonaldTrump Right? Millions wasted Everytime U go play golf!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate
none of his executive orders or proposals should be acted on until after all investigations are completed.
Go get 'em Senator Warren and thank you!
thanks for continuing to stand up against the insanity....
Time to start arresting and prosecuting pols who refuse to uphold the #RuleofLaw & #OathofOffice #AmericaFirst
@SenateGOP @nytimes Trump cut your golf trips & family security, use the $100 M for Prograns you are cutting.
I'm guessing you didn't have a problem with Obama's expensive, luxurious vacations
Shame on you! #BuildTheWall #SecureTheBorder #AmericaFirst http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/03/22/rockville-high-school-parents-demand-answers-in-rape-case.html … Tax $ For Legal USA Citizens
another reason to hold on everything til DOJ FBI are finished.  Looks like he found another was to kill people
Important to wait on everything. The smell of corruption.
With al do respect, POTUS under FBI investigation. Shouldn't have lifetime appt. all Dems should stand & leave.
IMPEACHMENT the only damn thing Dems should be doing or else it will be #DEMEXIT
Pocohantas stay out of OSHA issues, you have no idea what physical labor is.
I heard your speech. This rule is very important to protect hazard workers. Thank you for fighting to save it. @realDonaldTrump
these do not appear to be humans that we are dealing with. We support you, Senator Warren!
How about trying to protect our country so less of what happened in Briton today happens here! AMERICA FIRST 
How is removing OSHA standards going to protect us from terrorists? Trump is about protecting his ego and padding his bank account, period.
My statement was that instead of fighting against everything, we need to look for our TRUE enemy!!
WTF?! Why cut safety standards... does this administration want people to die on  the job
The good ones know he's ridiculous & the people will show we know. 2018 or sooner! Thank you, Senator!
Dems should refuse to vet any noms.from DT because he's under FBI investigation.
Remember "Lying Ted, Lying Ted....". How appropriate it is now to say "Lying Trump, Lying Trump". Thou dost protest too much... Trump
a day after a man in Salem was killed by live wires in a bucket truck. Great idea, Mr President.
maybe just call for impeachment and immediate arrest of trump
imprison him and his whole crooked cabinet
#RESIST
DEMOCRATS PLEASE STOP  POSTURING FOR VOTES DO THE CORRECT ACTION FOR THE COUNTRY
Thank you.  For your persistence. I think you can use the word "Lied" now when it comes to Trump's WT  claims. Lying Trump ......
You are such a champion! Thank you!
ffs!!! I have had it!! Is this 1900s Russia??
- He's cutting OSHA safety too? I'm confused. So... Why???
OSHA's been out of control for years. Doesn't do much to promote safety. States do much better job.
senators are our only last hope for democracy, including worker rights and safety, persevere while it is legal
Best thing that could happen to the Senate would be someone lock you in a closet and loose the key.
If hot air achieved anything, you would be leader of the free world, Pocahontas.
make sure you stop at the teepee first
why on Earth would you want to deprive workers of occupational safety?
This might not happen now if you endorsed Bernie instead of HRC in 2016, but her check cleared.
let's look the other way now. This might not have happened if Bernie supporters voted for HRC.
go get them Sen Warren!!
I have an idea! Why don't you Dems DO SOMETHING TO STOP THE #GorsuchHearing! The admin is being investigated!!!
why don't you talk about the terrorist that you keep inviting into our country?
