Thank you Elizabeth!  Please stop this madness.
@SenateGOP is completely deaf.  They won't listen to anything but their own greed, and their voters applaud them for it.
I read the following information on FB. A vote will take place tomorrow.
I sure hope everybody reads what is going on here. NO BOBODY SHOULD VOTE IF THEY DONT KNOW ABOUT THE WHOLE HEALTHCARE BILL
Keep up the good fight!
yes!! Repeal the ACA now!
Too bad poco
Didn't work poco
You're the one who isn't listening
Give 'em hell, champ.
They listened to the people. That's why Reps have the majority.
They lied to the people. That's why Reps have the majority. Not even a majority of Reps support Trumpcare--it's not what he promised.
The choice was never Trumpcare vs Ocare. Dems crafted it to fail, so the choice was either fix Ocare or move toward single payer.
Rethugs made it fail.
No, they really didn't. I realize there are good and bad things about it, but it killed the middle class with skyrocketing premiums.
Repeal repeal repeal listen to the American people that's what we are saying the only ones that don't want it repealed are the ones not payi
I can't afford my deductible of nearly 3k/family member. Help me out there.why is OBAMA CARE so great. Can I buy your health care  plan?
Thank God that we have you Liz. Thanks so much 
Why don't you save time and just send a smoke signal??
Thank you for all the work you do to protect rights and services to American people. I know you're working overtime these days.
You go girl!
A washington scam. Screw the SERFS... lets drain the SWAMP and give all the same health care and retirement plan. AMERICA WAME UP !!
Fight the fight. But know that if Republicans repeal the ACA, it will likely be their downfall. Could be a great recruiting effort for Dems.
Ms. Warren don't get enamored with your blind following. The majority of Americans know you are a Carpetbagger and a phony.

As an independent contractor, The #ACA gave me health ins! W/O #ACA I can not afford. I was able to get a checkup, blood work & mammogram!
I call b.s. if you can get insurance now, you could b4.
Fight!  My family is with you!
The people have listened..its you who don't listen Pocahontas!
$
Repeal Obamacare
Just give us the same coverage you have. That will work!
Hiw many people want a new tax?
Still waiting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Socialism never works...ask Venezuela. Just sayin....
Weekly reminder that @SenWarren lives in a $5.5 million house where she writes her memoirs about income inequality.
Is that not allowed?
I say repeal & don't replace get the gov out of my healthcare
Yes let's continue Obamacare where premiums double, insurers drop out, deductibles are exorbitant, you can't find a doctor and it sucks 
But your okay with whatever they want to replace and no-one knows what in it mmmkay
Pelosi told us we need to vote for it before you can find out what's in it #dontgothere

45 the American people would all like to know what's in the bill before it's voted on ~ don't you? 
If they succeed, as horrible as it is, maybe then the Republican voter might finally get it. And if that happens the #GOP is through!
We get it, that gov should be limited
I don't think "limited" means the same thing to a republican that it does to everyone else.
Prob true.  We believe that power rests in the hands of the people for each state, so we can have more say.
U also support little govt 4 big business, but big govt 4 personal business. Women & LGBTQ rights? Nah, but sure Exxon can poison the water.
Be truthful fauxahontas.........its a procedural vote to begin debate. Means you yes YOU, can add amendments to improve any POTENTIAL bill
John McCain on serious medical restrictions,,,being drug to vote on  RepublicansDontCare health bill to kill millions of Americans.
This vote is about bullies and the bullied. Principle vs fear. I hope there are enough Senators with courage to stand for what's ethical.
Listen to me I'm American too, REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!!!!!
Thank You! May the Force be with You! #NoRepeal
Thank you, Senator Warren! I wish @SenAlexander and @SenBobCorker had half your integrity
I say you get the same Health Care Charlie guard got
President Trump wants to replace Obamacare," you cannot replace something with nothing, " Mr President.
KEEP FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT! Don't let @GOP take away healthcare and put that money in their pockets!
But Liz, WHAT is the @democ plan???  Healthcare is WAY TOO EXPENSIVE in this country. Do something about it!!!! Your talk is fcheap!
Thanks Sen. Warren for your continue support of the American people! Though you might not hear it enough, 'We Love You!'
Are you going to help people pay for the ridiculously high premiums? How about the crazy high deductibles?
Just answer one Question?  Why didn't you and your cronies listen to the American ppl when the told you Do Not pass Obama Care? Answer that?
All the American people I know want it repealed... can't afford deductions... u go on it if it's so wonderful!!!!!
You are not in touch with the American people, and you refuse to acknowledge that OCare is hurting them as it falls apart.
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Listen to the American people?  You?  Only if they're in a huge city and are on welfare or have a huge checkbook.
the better listen and kill the #ACA #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts

Thank you, thank you, thank you
JEFF SESSION IS DEEP STATE.My Case alone can put Loretta Lynch,Eric Holder,James Comey,Entire OBAMA gang at SEC/FBI
My case can put Loretta Lynch,eric Holder, James comey gang in  JAIL along with FRAUD Obama & Netflix $60B loot gang
Shut down the affordable healthcare act its a rip off.
Vote republicans OUT!!!!
@SenWarren please tell my mom's story
 “#JohnMcCain: My mom also had #braintumor; but no #healthinsurance” Vote NO on #ACARepeal #savemedicaid
Geoff Diehl for senator
Good Luck Sen. Warren! AMERICA is watching but if your efforts fail, people will hold them accountable and do the right thing next election
Vote without an alternative crafted after listening to experts and industry? A vote to debate? Waste. Go to vacation.
Thank god for Potus
The American people never wanted your flawed healthcare. It is a lie from you and the Democrats
Repeal. Repeal. Repeal.  Don't replace.  No government in healthcare ever.  They are liars and incompetent
Repeal and replace
Thank you!
that is not what the American people are saying, we want a better healthcare and tac cuts for the working class @realDonaldTrump
Listen to the American people are u serious? You've had ear muffs on for yrs. What a crock of BS
R&R is what the American ppl want ya quak
If they want to listen to the American people we want Obama care repealed completely
Obamacare for the last 17 years, he says- You all are certainly NOT going to let him get away with this!!!!!!!!!!!!
We really need single payer.  Never forget this was a poor second best
High #ceopay 4 #bigpharma is killing #healthcare #noacha #voteno #VoteNoMTP #aca #NoTrumpCare #obamacare #TrumpcareKills #TheResistance
impeachment Trump an quit pussyfooting around because he is going to make things worse.
Run your mouth and do nothing for the people!
Still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
How much is your healthcare gonna suffer Liz?

Thank you....for everything you do!







#abetterdeal Massively increasing deductibles? People don't have Insurance TODAY. ask my son. #obamacarefail #maga
Yeah, because we all want 'VA Style' healthcare.
How about getting off your husband's health care plan and signing up for Obamacare on your own?!? Walk your talk.
The people voted for a GoP majority and Trump TO get rid of this twisted ACA that criminalizes health care and punish middle class
Repeal and Replace. Start with Obama care and then in 2018 finish with Elizabeth Warren.
THE PREMIUMS ARE SKYROCKETING NOBODY CAN AFFORD IT. INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE LEAVING. WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY SUPPOSED TO DO?
Please step forward and provide sound leadership and direction for the Democrat Party! #LeadDemocrats
PLEASE put a stop to the millions in annual bonuses pd to top level executives at health ins Co. Those are our $'s
Good for you
Give em hell Lizzie!!!! #elizabethwarrenforpresident
Thanks for standing for healthcare! Please also stand for democracy and push colleagues to. #impeach & to keep Russia out of our elections
#SinglePayer Let's get this through and start working on our infrastructure. #USisNotGreatAnymore
Repeal Obamacare so our kids can at least work 40 hours a week!
If @SenateGOP was listening, we would already have full repeal of ACA. INSURANCE IS NOT HEALTH CARE. #RepealObamacare now
The American want this repealed now. ACA is not good for American or America. Democrats in congress want it not the majority of the people.
Why? It's costing your constituents!
Most Americans want it repealed and replaced hence one reason Trump won Elizabeth... 
REPEAL OBAMACARE! I don't want"Charlie Gard/VA"one size fits all health insurance. Insurance co difficult to fight against, Gov impossible.
If you're urging them to actually listen, for a change, then repealing obamacare is definite. Healthcare =/= health insurance. Don't mislead
Excuse me.... it's about to explode.
If you were listening to the people you never would have voted for the disaster Obamacare. REPEAL NOW!
Wacko
Please please stop this horror. We are counting on you to preserve the good that can come from the government (even when it's not ideal).
Thank you. We need your voice of reason.
only a radical extremist like yourself wants to keep toxic legislation on the books for your extremist views to be forced on American people
. Then you are saying...Let Amers suffer cuz the hlthcare shoved down their throats!
We love you Senator Warren. Thank you so much for your tireless work.
That's the problem, you don't listen. American people don't want Obamacare. That's why Trump is President.
Listen to the people.....repeal!!!
Oh it's going to happen Obamacare is a sinking ship. It's going to be repealed and replaced. #MAGA
the vote is to talk about it.... that's all.  are you afraid to talk about it? evidently yes.  start doing your job.
It will be the end of the Republican Party Trump will throw them all under the bus when he gets pummeled by the public
The American people want Obamacare repealed! We just wish you'd work together to replace it with a good plan for everyone!
All you do is complain, shake your finger and yell.  Tell us what' should be done to Obamacare. Can we just leave what you designed as is?
They better vote NO! Senators work for their constituents. Not trump. 

Mostly because Trump works for putin.
Repeal it, America is better dealing with competitive, private insurance. Medicaid is for those who can't afford otherwise.
pretty ironic coming from Ms. Warren who never has to worry about paying for health insurance!
GOP Listens to their Lobbyist and King Trump. Americans Health has never been their Goal. Their Goal is to Gut the Health of America. Sad
Because of your hateful disgusting and whining rants for months now people on the other side will never listen to you!

#WarrenTheWicked
how about YOU listen to us instead of obstructing and pushing your agenda of open boarders and America last
I am the people and I want it repealed and replaced, don't hurt us with your agenda. Work with Republicans to find a workable solution
Nobody voted to 'repeal healthcare' except ACA supporters there smooth. America elected this majority to repeal ACA. Hope that helps.
Good luck from the UK! Our NHS isn't perfect but we have it & it saved me & our son after bad birth - if we were in US we'd be bankrupt
The government does not belong in health care people should have a choice
Keep fighting #forthepeople The GOP bill is INCREDIBLY unpopular. 22M people losing insurance? 22M! 22M??? How many vets? kids? disabled?
@SenateGop vote down all bills that require Americans to not have healthcare! Everyone must be covered!
Great work! @SenWarren keep it up till all Americans are covered!
Amend the parts that don't work in Obamacare - Republicans, Democrats, Independent all of you, why wasting time compromise. You're smart. 
What's so funny is, well it's just you. Ur funny!
Thank you Sen Warren!
Thank you for helping us n standing by us n fighting for us!! Say No, vote No to this health care bill!!! Fight fight fight No No No!!!
Thank you!!! I have cancer & I fear losing my coverage. I will NEVER vote republican!!!
@MariaBartiromo  ppl Ds had 7yrs 2Repair Ocare~did 0. R U enjoying Ocare? Liz, how's Ocare been 4U? Don't have?
Repeal IT,  go back to what it was before. GOVERNMENT should NOT be involved in giving or demanding tax payers have insurance.
Your problem liz is your mouth is flapping when your ears should be listening. Give it a try.
Yes we do want that POS repealed liz. You should try listening.
Thank you Sen. Warren.. your patriotism is appreciated
Thank you, Senator! #SaveOurCare
thank you
Thank u Elizabeth!
Why isn't John Stumpf in prison????
Please run in 2020...Save Us!!!
My premium is going up 187% come January 1, 2018.  I live on a fixed income. Keeping Obamacare will be the financial death of me.
Go!
Repeal Oboma care
Duh, that's why they were elected
Give 'em hell, @SenWarren !!
Thank you! What is happening to our country?
Oh Liz....no one is listening to you! No credibility for an angry woman
You go Lizzie!
Lizzy, Americans do not want Obamacare.  Repeal it.
Thanks for all your trying to do  Please run in 2020 will give you all my support. I a female 22 year navy vet.
I'm also a retired navy chief who cares deeply for her country. Hang in there
They won't listen to the American people.  These corrupt legislators do not care about Americans at all.  They are traitors.
We need to go back to the healthcare we had before this whole crap started, let people do their own thing. Supposed to be a free country smh
Give 'em hell!
Thank you so very much for doing a great job, Senator Warren.
Head to DNC AND HELP ROOT OUT THE AWFUL CORRUPTION. FORGET ABOUT RUSSIAN CRAP. USA HAS FIDDLED IN MANY  NATIONS ELECTIONS, KILLING PEOPLE
Elizabeth, we need a leader to protect the 2018 vote; someone who can approach Silicon Valley for help.  We need to bypass Trump.
Fight like hell!
You should head towards the nut farm.
Stay strong
We're with you Senator, every day. Never forget we're with you.
Be careful. Dont forget about the other 50% that you represent as well.
They are listening, maybe it's time you do too!  #headinsand
