But I'm still fighting for accountability at @WellsFargo. I'm pushing the Fed to remove all the Board Members who oversaw the scam.
Just because a comes before b does not mean a caused b.
Big deal.  He took his millions with him; probably contributed to your next campaign.
A Year AGO TODAY?? @SenWarren A LIBERAL WITH EXCUSES AS ALWAYS..WAS THE $$ TO GREAT TO SPEAK EARLIER?
Like all of us, Senator, I am sure that The WFB CEO is following your astute advice.  NOT!
Can you ask DJT to resign since it worked so well?  Please!!!
Hard to run from Prison.
So did I ,,what makes u so special. Their still crooks, They are still talking advantage of hard working people. With high mortgage payment
Hi. I'd like to connect you with a mortgage specialist to review your payment concern. First, I need some more info. ...
REKT
Will you demand the same accountability from the SEC, the VA and other government screw ups?
she is absolutely right
FACES OF THIEVES 
WE CHASE THEM 
HITHER AND FRO
Love this no nonsense Rep.!
Then thousands of employees who had absolutely nothing to do with this lost their jobs.  But hey, you got a win.  Congrats!
U should resign yourself , billions of dollars went missing and u didn't give shit !! U think ur talking to a bunch of liberal ? Stop, Liar
I'm glad someone is taking steps to stop all this mess that is going on thank you for speaking up
@MAHAMOSA @WellsFargo Well done Madam. That's the best piece of video that I've seen in a long time.
Walked away with a boat load of cash and never has to deal with you again.   My hero
Why were fines so low? Should have been in billions enough to hurt board members.
I don't remember; did he take his golden parachute with him or did he lose it?
Wow. Aren't you powerful!  I'm sure it was ALL about you and had nothing to do with $WFC shareholders or its BOD
Go get 'em Elizabeth! A shame you stood on the sidelines while unelectable Hillary ran against the now-worst POTUS in history.
How's your 401k doing?
Youre a bully!!
And shouldn't you also resign for the scam you pulled after the election.
Senator warren close Wells Fargo they are the most thief bank they are in fault for my mortgage problem
LOL and he did it on your advice? You really ARE delusional!
Now you needto geton those execs from Expirian!
Now we ask you to resign...
but Hillary told him "to cut it out"
Hasn't fixed a thing. They are still crooks.
And the board carried on. Criminal greed RICO style is the business model. Let's return 'favors' with legal chance to become model inmates.
Resign? He should be in a prison cell
I'm sure it was because of your opinion!. I hope you run in 2020 Pocahontas
Nice interview!
If a poor man steals food he is sent to jail and you are happy he resigned? Did he return the money he pocketed?The battle is far from won.
Oh the poor rich baby had to resign. He should be in jail you retard
No and $28.00 .Couldn't × 2 = no.I ready this time Tahlequah Oklahoma south 02of02. 000,024 maybe !
Why can't these Corps. that have a duty to protect our personal info, be held to a higher standard?  All of them.
I'm tired of them getting a slap on the hand and a small fine that goes into the Federal Slush Fund.  The victims never get relief.
Never any justice for America.
Go Pocahontas
Very proud of my senator,  defending her people and put this CEO in his place. Well done!
You should resign for lying to the people of this country and for violating your oath of office. Will you??
And I think you should resign. Sounds fair.
Political trick #1 find a crisis and take credit for fixing it while actually doing nothing
Hahahaha no matter what you say or do you'll never be POTUS!! Hahahaha Hahahaha Shoofly go away!
You should resign because of your Pocahontas scam!
Thank you!
You really stuck it to him.  He retired a multimillionaire and now can care less about the issue.
Thank you. Now it's Equifax's turn. Make them give lifetime,free, credit monitoring!
What a useless individual wanting the government to force someone to give you something for free.
They're still doing it. Fines are just the cost of doing  business to them.
Pocahontas, if we ask you to resign after your multi-year senatorial scam, would you......please?
Why isn't any one talking about bob menedez
Oh please.  The Board made him resign.
Instead of worrying about trump appointees you should be doing some good and punishing @Equifax
You should resign after lying about your heritage, which took a job away from a real monority and you cashed in.
It would be great if you'd resign to save America!
Go Away 
I love your fire! #WarrenFranken2020
Shouldn't you resign over your fake resume? #pocahontas
Can you work that magic on 45 please???
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Does that mean its your time to go? Life is great!
Your just pissed because you found someone more crooked than you. Pot meet kettle! Hypocrite
So should you for being a fake senator pretending you care for people
Did you wave a tomahawk at the same time? You phony.
All to the good. However, WF still not much improved.
Lately, a lot of politician's backbones, integrity, general leadership qualities are questioned. Take notes  @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr
I smell a humble brag....
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back. How much has the banking industry "donated" to you?
Try that magic on the Oval Office dweller
Yeh Lizzy cause everyone should listen to you
And yet his bank has gone on to screw more people over this time in the auto loans. screwing people with escrow accounts is next.
Hmmm I'll try it then.... #Fauxcahontas Liz, you sh ould resign after all the misery you've out our coy try through. I'll expect your notice
All his money  should be taken and make him live in the projects 
Did he get a golden parachute with his resignation?
Yeah, he did. 
Great "job", Senator 
Yeah, he should be in jail. You're ineffectual Kabuki theater and most of us know it, Senator
Does dictator mean anything?
...u have so much power.  To bad ur winning is fictional.  He quit had nothing todo with u.
How much jail time did he do for his crimes? Or did he leave with millions in bonuses? All talk!
Why resign and not press charges? So now he's retired and enjoying all the money he stole
See, thats why repubs are so afraid of women in politics!
You sure love to hear yourself talk.
These People deserve to GO TO JAIL! CEO & LEADERSHIP & Compliance Peoples!
Wth his golden parachute...Then an even bigger debacle was uncovered. Shut Wells Fargo down.
@Equifax Bring back the stocks. I will bring the rotten produce, when I am not obsessively checking my bank accts for irregular activity.
Please resign go home. You're creeping
Thank you @SenWarren for speaking up for Americans! #WellsFargo
And we said you should resign for lying to citizens
That's great, but when do these asshats start going to jail and not just going home while pocketing millions? Maybe start working on that.
Now on to Equifax, PLEEEEEEEEASE !!!!
What about accountability for the bloated defense budget?
OOOOoooo you must be magic.  NOT. You're a liar who will NEVER be re-elected.
#goofy  #pocahantas #kimosabe
Shouldn't you resign too for lying about your heritage.  You kept a real Native American from getting a high paying job. #fakeindian #liar
Wow what a hero
You're the greatest. Nottttttt. You just run your mouth. That's it.
Go beautiful tiger!!!!
Woot woot! 
WHAT U DONE WITH UR SWORN DUTY 2 PROTECT AMERICA W/NO OPEN BORDERS & UPHOLDING IMMIGRATION LAWS?
Was that the same time you lied about your nationality?! 
With that kind of power, you should tell Kim Jong Un he "should" stop launching missiles at people; tell Assad he "should" resign.
We need more Senators with guts! Thank you Senator Warren!
Oh, ok, he resigned over you. You're not that powerful Poco
She did the resign dance & it worked.
Thank You, Senator Warren. We are so very grateful for your work!
Yeah he did just because of you! Just because you told him to!
Did um, did you vote for an increase in military spending?
Can you please ask the president to resign?
Was the next guy any better
@GinniRometty @IBM gets a pass because they contribute to you.  I showed  proof  this scheme they tried to me. #MAGA
Today, I'm telling you...you took an oath to uphold the Constitution, and all u do is pass statutes which r opposite.  U have 1 yr 2 resign.
With such a great track record, maybe you shoud try that on Trump.
Track record?  Such as?
He should be in prison.  Why isn't this a RICO case?  Seems like a pretty organized crime to me.
1st Corps Could NOT Buy another Business + where  limited in Existance. To accomplish their deeds (eg. Building a bridge) This is OBNOXIOUS!
Oh gosh, I sure miss the days of mundane Corp. fraud, & stuff. Rather than #WH treason and fraud, #alldayeveryday
that didn't fix the problem did it?
Please tell the @Equifax CEO the exact same thing, in fact everyone at the company should be out of a job!!
Resign He should of been arrested for Fraud
What a Joke
Didn't he take a pretty nice severance package with him?
you should tell trump the same thing then!
With a huge golden parachute. Good job Lizzy
SENATOR HAVE THEM GIVE UP SATAN !THEY PROTECT SATAN !THEN CHAIN HIM FOREVER!
Senator PLEASE STOP GOP GENOCIDE BILL. I will pay a 28k surcharge for surviving breast cancer?! GOP GENOCIDE#
#ElizabethWarren2020
If I tell you to run for president, will you pleeeeeasssse?
Now let's work on Frump
Great job. Love you Sen. Warren.
But according to brainwashed #TrumpSupporters, you ARE the big bank who ONLY cares about corporate interests! 
#YouGoGirl #ShePersisted
SENATOR JESUS SAID AFTER THEY ARE EXPOSED! SATAN IN CHAINS !THERE WILL BE PEACE FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS!
Medication time?
I wish you would concentrate on one easy answer to protect ourselves. from Equifax leak. Some kind of insurance or something.
Great reminder! Now go and stop the GOPcare bill.
Have you tried telling my boss to resign?
Moral of the story: just wait it out. Our political attention span is too short to put meaningful pressure on anyone or anything.
I have a great idea...Can you ask Trump to resign?
Hmmm, wonder if that'd work on a certain someone else? 
IT'S BECAUSE YOU TOLD HIM TO!!! You are so brave... oh wait.
Loved this video then and I love it now
He should resign one more time for good measure.  I don't care how symbolic this is
Tell the CEO of Raytheon that for their bribery of Congress.
Can you try it again with the joke in the White House?

GREAT JOB!!! Very glad to hear this news. 
When will you resign?
Can you ask Trump to resign please?
