
Everything! !!-
Pass Laws to protect USA Data in USA instead of 3rd world countries.  Stop this from your contributors $IBM & Tech.  @LouDobbs @4US_Workers
Absolutely unacceptable. Thank you @SenWarren

We are just as outraged that you voted to add 700 billion to the military fund.
Money well spent
Where was your outrage over the IRS targeting conservative groups? <crickets>
Why did you vote in favor of the $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
Senator Warren.  Thx for taking this on.  I hope you are able to see it through before people forget.  We should be able to freeze for free.
Thank you.
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=83611 
This coming from you when the DNC was hacked & the #AwanBrothers were employed by Democrats?! Unreal.
Go get them senator !!!
SHUT EM DOWN.  No one sb tracking this info anyway.  Provides detrimental data to banks so they can gouge consumers.
give them hell, senator
You, that would be Congress, could fix this problem by letting us opt out of their data mining.
Their directions and platform for customers to check if their data was involved is a farce. There is no help that one can even access.
Warren is a liar, she does this to gather voters! She is the most fantasy driven woman in the world,will say anything for a vote !
@SenWarren who are the other 11 senators that co sponsor the Equifax bill? We need more senators to sponsor this bill.
the breach 2 months and did NOTHING.  Have been trying to freeze credit with them for 2 wks - still no luck.
All the CEO's of Equifax need to be charged criminally, tried and their a**'s thrown in prison.  They had patch for 
1
We're outraged about u not Equifax !!!
.@elizabethforma Why did you vote for a LARGER increase in military spending than @POTUS even asked for? We need that money here at home.
Why aren't the credit bureaus carefully regulated? 3 companies control all our information, then profit by selling it.
Hold on, Chief NotanInjun, do you know a fact? Any fact?    No?    How about Hillary's server that was hacked?
Why's ID theft even an issue people? Like getting in trouble for your car being stolen. Seems like something you'd report & be done with it.
They are running tv ads right now offering to check if your personal info is on the "dark web" it is the pinnacle of utter despicableness

You have to watch Archer to see How they would fix the Equifax breach @ambercnash  @codenameduchess @archerfxx  #equifaxbreach #Equifax 
HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE! HYPOCRITE!
Never did get that. Why am I supposed to keep tabs on something I never asked for? Not my fault if they get things wrong but I suffer for it
It is reasonable to regulate public welfare industries at the cost of a modest profit reduction. #financial #bigpharma #telecom #trustbust
How can I help in ur run for POTUS in 2020??
and those of us who were affected can look forward to, what?
a lifetime of credit crown jewels out in the wild?
awesome.
Elizabeth, I'm so grateful you're looking out for us & keeping us informed. You r so right for this day & age.
Yes I'm sure some legislative grandstanding will fix the issue
How the H3LL did u EVER get a Senate Seat??!???????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ur whats wrong with this country!!!!!
Thank you!
Oh Lizzie you are so brace what's next let me guess you will say killing puppies is bad. Oh give us a break
I'm with you all the way...you are our champion...the victims and the common folks
Talk about not repealing ACA!!!
Is there a reason you need to tweet every move you make? Failed attempt to prove you are worth the $$$$ you take from us
Because outrage makes compliant and violent revolutionaries…
Why do they get to collect my private data? That is wrong.
Sitting squaw. Nobody listens to you .
Make sure your collar is turned up, senator!
Outrageous we have to pay to put a hold on our credit when this is not our fault.
Corporations never held responsible but always we have to recognize them as individuals. Joke.
This is still Financial Industry move to shed liability & get government subsidy to offset future exposure.  Equifax isn't alone in this.
Given them hell. They can't get off easy like the flanks from fin crisis
They are. The executives should be put in jail, stripped of every penny they've earned including their profits of insider trading.
Replace social security numbers with a system resilient to identity theft. Example: Mass ID theft is not a problem for Google/FB accounts.
Entire process to sign up for Trusted ID & to freeze accts w/ @Equifax is totally f'ed up! They need to be held accountable in every way.
Went to website, found I'm affected , go to sign up for their protection, and they ask for all info that was hacked . Don't they have it ?
Make sure they pay $1 million dollars to each of the victims.
Thank you and give them HELL
Hey pocahontas... does it get confusing for you to hate everything and keep track of who you are pandering to?
TY for having a Soul & a Spine.  No Profit for Presidency-No Presidency for Profit
We need to get rid of our embarrassment please help impeach Trump
Hah! Too big to jail. 
Did you have your family buy some puts before you start the rant?
Equi fax is not a serious protector of their customer base.
Equi fax should be punished financially, by those who their product.
You voted to fund Trump's wars, like a #RealDemocrat®. Shame on #Bernie #NotARealDem Sanders for saying no to Trump 
Bring your Tomahawk.
About time you got  to work! 
Don't discuss, do something about it
Could you actually do something instead blowing smoke like you're going to do something.
Pocahontas is going to speak... thanks for the heads up.... I'll be sure not to listen... VOTE HER OUT
It's the second time he has publicly put his head in his hands.  So, WTH?  What has to happen before someone decides to try and save us?
I hope they are ready for such a finger wagging and some very strong words. That'll teach them.
Unable to freeze credit after weeks of trying. Execs who sold stock need to be punished for insider trading. #thieves
I'm more outraged that for decades congress has let this problem grow and done nothing to protect people. You allow use of SS#s we don't.
Stop the Graham bill.  Help us
Stop writing laws with built in absolving of liability
Or the Information Security Officer's arts and music degree and lack of security credentials - oops. No problem thou she has retired.
Don't forget the CFO and two others that sold $ millions of their stock options before reporting the breach - could be jail time.
This just in---not one single person cares what you are about to do.  Fraud
That company should be finished.
#WarrenFranken2020
I am outraged at you and the Democratic Party!
We also have the right to be outraged by the acts of the Dem party. Tap Trump, fake docs, Lies, and the Clinton crimes!
You're such a two-faced corporate shill. I can't stand fake people. Especially when you pander for progressive votes. You love war, WARren.
&Equifax's LifeLock connection is swampy.
New,stricter laws re #informationBrokers is needed,as well as making voter reg info private!
Equifax should be dissolved they cant be trusted with that much info - nobody can.
Hold a pow wow !!
Consumer need protection and confidence in the credit systems
The SS# is a government issued #, no reason why a third party/non-govt agency should be allowed to have anything to do with it! #Getridofit
These incidents keep happening and each is worse than the last. When will  CEOs be held accountable? Please help us @SenWarren !



Credit freeze and fraud alert need to be the default settings.
Please encourage your fellow senators to vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill. Save our healthcare.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren.. Know one has given any solutions for how to stop anyone from destroying my credit...
#timeforacivilsuit
Have everyone freeze their profiles to #KillEquifax!
people have a right to be outraged that YOU VOTED NO TO AUDIT THE FED! $9 TRILLION DOLED out to criminals. Zero arrests, zero accountability
Hi agent Bonnie barstowe of shield how ru Elizabeth warren we are outraged miss warren any ideas of to fix the breach
Then do more than ask that we get 2.00 discount on credit freeze services and one more free credit check. It's not enough! @Equifax
life lock is equifax...
they r profiting off their compromised security .
laws re #informationBrokers need to be established
what about the outrage of a $700 billion military spending bill that you voted for
Trading inside is an interesting topic. Don't you agree @SenWarren. ;)
And the GOP wants to lift regulations on those bozos. Follow the money.

SENATOR THEY ARE ATTACKING FROM EVERY DIRECTION THEY WILL ALWAYS TRY! TILL THE END TILL YOU ARE ALL DESTROYED!
SENATOR  I THINK A YEAR AGO PRIME MINISTER RENZI WANTED RUSSIA SANCTIONS LIFTED !WHY???????
We'd like to know what statutory oversight will be mandated, because there needs to be something. Stop the fast and loose financial.
SENATOR WW1 WW2 WW,3 IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN THEM THE CHURCH THE MAFIA AND CORPORATION! THE STOCK MARKETS FALSELY ELEVATED!
NOW YOU KNOW WHY I BECAME CITIZEN AND WHY I HAVE NOT GONE TO SICILY IN 27 YEARS 5 YEARS AGO SOMEONE CALLED ME AND TOLD ME HE WOULD PAY TO GO
My husband and I have both frozen our credit for fear of what could lurk out there for years because of this breach.
Why can't we turn the sale of our data into our UBI? My idea is for a sales tax (of sorts) on the selling & trading of data, which ...
Will go into a person's SS or a special acount. So "you" get paid for the sale of your data, voluntary. Unlike now where these companies..
Get it all for free out of us when we play a game, download an app, go to grocery store ect. It is our data, we should be paid for it.
This money then becomes a UBI of sorts. Use able by the person for anything, or save up to suppliment SS or whatever.
Yes check out those executives did insider trading dumping stocks before going public they should be penalized for that & the breach
Talk is cheap. Do something that will help Americans and not only seeking attention for yourself.  Trump
I believe in applying the death penalty to corporations.
well how about this instead,4 companies that want the rights of a citizen,they forfeit their LLC status&gain the consequences of being one
I'm outraged at your vote to give our already bloated military complex a virtual blank check to advance elective regime change wars.
Go get em, Warren!!!
This too
Kevin Drum on Equifax http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/09/its-time-to-regulate-the-hell-out-of-credit-reporting-agencies/ … 
If everyone freezes their profiles it will #KillEquifax!
Who decided that all three companies can decide people's ability to get loans and keep their personal information?
Lieawatha doesn't care. Dems bring in more money from financial institutions by a wide margin. No prosecution for 2008 financial crisis.
May I suggest distributed digital credit history via #blockchain can replace @equifax and put control/consent in the hands of the individual
Senator way too many. Think about it. Names etc
Thank you, Senator!


Please shut Equifax down.


They were warned about the vulnerability and did nothing.  Then lied about the dates of the first breach- to give time to sell stock.
Nothing will happen to them too many lobbyists
please tell'm our identities are not for sale. End tolerable multiple named frauds including excessive alias'on SSN's.
Saddened to learn I am from one of the States that requires $10 fee for EACH credit report freeze! Equifax should pay
vote they all go to prison!  We the ppl are tired of these Wall Street jerks getting away with crimes.  Lock them up
Give them hell. I am tired of my personal data getting exposed again and again and again.

Home Depot
Anthem
Chase
Target
Ebay
Equifax
We don't need 3 companies do the same thing and triple chances of getting hacked.Why are there 3 companies. competition not benefit ppl
Thanks! WHY is this data in the hands of PRIVATE, for profit companies anyway???
TBTF? No! Equifax needs to fail! Esp the years of fighting they have done to squash laws requiring immediate reporting of breeches!
Thanks Sen Warren.
For what? Her law school classmates will make a fortune. You'll get $5.00
Senator Warren, all Democrats had better stall this TrumpCare vote. It looks like McConnell has bought enough Republican votes this time.
Give em hell  esp for trying to charge us for continuous monitoring!
Why did you vote for spending 700 billion on defense, Senator Warren? I'm a strong supporter of yours yet deeply disappointed. #NoMoreWar
Let them have it
Damn a discussion.What America wants to know is how many years in prison r those irresponsible scumbags going 2 serve for their carelessness
The CEO& the Executives were probably trying to save a buck on labor instead of hiring somebody that could have prevented this catastrophe
Thank you, Senator Warren!
You never fail at hyperbole, fauxcahontis.  Just as sure as the sun rises in the east
Did they contribute to your campaign Liz?
ID theft must be focus in DOJ. Credit Reporting must be federalized w/ oversight.
But that's all you do, discuss, discuss... nothing happens. Wells Fargo? discussed... nothing. But, don't forget to tweet about it
You make a living from exploiting real and imagined outrage. Kinda like an ambulance chaser, but doing more damage.
Will ,so how well is UR personal info protected.
how do U feel about inregulated information brokers buying/selling misinfo&real info?
typo
*unregulated
Pace yourself with the Equifax breach. Take your time, learn from the GOP & how they obstructed the government during the Obama Presidency.
With FCC Broken+ Russia+China Medling NO Election is SAFE! Our $$ NOT  Safe Americans Are NOT Safe! HIRE A WOMEN You'll get SECURITY!
Hillary has a used server for sale if you are interested
Almost half of Americans have been compromised. New SSNs for those affected.
What can I do to protect myself?!
Completely preventable
Good luck
Our financial welfare will not matter, if u don't stop GOP latest assault on our healthcare!
Betting no one goes to prison for insider trading.
How about forcing #equifax to pay for every American's credit freezes on the big 3 credit bureaus. They are profiting from lack of security
And STILL CANNOT GET THROUGH ONLINE to freeze account!!!!
Thank you Elizabeth! I wish you were our Attorney General! Then maybe we could hold these criminals accountable. Instead they prey upon us.
Thanks
It's insider trading of most heinous kind. I still think Equifax's upper echelon sold the data, there was no breach @ all. Then dumped stock
If everyone freezes their profiles it will #KillEquifax!
the world witnessed equifax's enron moment. why are they still in business?
Thank you for always fighting for us.
Those Executives who sold their stock before they release the information should be dragged across the coals
they need to be shut down and no longer aloud to be a part of are credit report system and held resp. for all damage done
Equifax is JUST 1 Of Millions of Security Breaches, frauduant hackers & Sabotage of American Companies, institutions & Most of ALL PEOPLE!
A business that preys on the disadvantaged, compounding financial distress and systematically failing to correct inaccurate info? Outrage
If everyone freezes their profiles it will #KillEquifax!
We ARE outraged .  Abuse by the bureaus has gone on long enough.  One can't function in our economy w/o them yet they have no regard 4 us.
If everyone freezes their profiles it will #KillEquifax!
This is a quasi govt agency which you shepherded through your sham #CFPB- you should have been keeping a closer eye on them
Day late Again
what you should discuss:  find me one person who willingly shared their personal information with Equifax directly?  Why do they have it?

Which breach?  There were TWO this year.
Thank you!
If you think about it, who gave permission to any of the credit agencies to have access to our private information?
While UR there fight to stop the latest #ACA repeal efforts, which will destroy a lot more lives than the @Equifax breach.
Give 'em hell, Senator.
Don't forget their management sold stock once they found out about the #breach..
Saw yesterday that they had a breach svrl months before the big one. The execs knew.
Yes these people ( bots ) control your life. Ask a real person why a decision was made? Answer: "The #Computer made me do it".
Always looking for another feather in her cap. Clawback ill gotten gains of free govt cheese for her education and salary/more
We shouldn't have to sign up for anything. They should fix what they screwed up.
That's great! Any feelings abt companies like @ATT whose practices r borderline fraudulent. Then non-responsive in solving issues @ATTCares
I think everyone affected should get a credit reset, 670 is a starting point...lol, what exactly are you going to do about it, beside talk?
The outrageous part is that it was @Equifax that did the breach from the inside!
Squaw exist in perpetual state of outrage. Quite tiresome for rest of us.
sells that data to all-comers anyway.
Go get 'em @SenWarren there needs to be some serious repercussions here!
