To every DREAMer in this country: You are an American. This country is your home. And we’re fighting for you. #saveDACA
Well @SenWarren if their parents didn't break the law by coming here illegally their children wouldn't be in the situation !
So @SenWarren  JW are we supposed  to be able to pick & chose what laws we want to follow ?
These kids own parents put them in this situation & they have no one to blame but themselves . Stop trying to make everyone out to be wrong
Adios. Back to Mexico to work. Give the American People back their jobs.
Our kids are this country's future. Let the dreamers live on. As American citizens we need to leave something for our kids#Save DACA
Then we are screwed
These are the type of immigrants we want. These are the type of citizens we need, hardworking, dedicated, motivated. Welcome.
But not ILLEGAL 
They shouldn't have been here in the 1st place. And as sad as that is,  simply just can't afford it! Get it now?!? #MAGA  
Your selfishness and lack of empathy and compassion are deeply disturbing.
I have all the compassion in the world, but unfortunately in reality compassion doesn't pay the bills, hard work does! #MAGA
a feeling of deep sympathy and sorrow for another who is stricken by misfortune, accompanied by a strong desire to alleviate the suffering.
How come no matter what the demorats are always using children of course there good at using children #bill Clinton Anthony wenner
Dreamer? We r all dreamers
Devistating to you personally, but not our nation as a wholeobey the laws of our land and then you can have a say
He'll end DACA because Obama initiated DACA.  That's all.
SAVE DACA
They're Americans? Oh that's right just like you're a Native American.
When you have a congress that all it cares is to stay in power, this is what happens.
The fear and stress this monster creates in the lives of people who dont look like him is pure evil..HE HAS TO GO..GET OUT OF OUR LIVES!
The calm and comfort I feel is amazing. Perhaps you would consider relocating for your own sake. I hope you feel well again. Praying for you
You need youre prayers a lot more than I and the only person who will be relocating is that racist lying criminal ..WH TO FEDERAL PRISON
Nearly $55 billion tax payer money per year to keep DACA but we are still left dealing with the obummer care nightmare??
But according to a Facebook study would create 700,000 American jobs. Do you not care about Americans?
We love you Senator!  Keep up the good fight for America!!!!!
#WarrenFranken2020
they don't belong hear . Not citizens
No duh. Fix Gerrymandering so we can fix America.
Well if you save the kids -DACA-what about the parents? DAPA was overturned by the courts. Dont the kids want to go home with their parents?
Push to end DACA stems from an inability to feel for the welfare of children-similar to @POTUS inability to empathize for flood victims
Ridiculous assertion.
Ridiculous indeed!
And I must say, as a Houstonian impacted by the flood, the President personally pledging $1mil of his own money to help us speaks volumes.
Judging by the tweets on your TL, im sure it does.
You should know! You were torn away from your native american family. The one that you claimed Indian heritage and LIED about!
Trump has the empathy of a crocodile and that may be being totally unfair to crocodiles, for that I apologise.
Enough
We love you Senator keep up the good fight against white supremacists, and for real Americans
Hey professional Democrats: the battle of tweets is not good enough. Lead with strength before the USA becomes NA Nazis. It's getting close.
Oh gee oh my, maybe the parents and Obama should've considered that. Besides, most of these people are at least 23. You failed yet again.
U democrates r done
Please send out a list of all the laws #americans should ignore. Inquiring minds would like to know.
They should have figured that out before entering illegally.
Trump and his idiot racist supporters don't care. There is a reason they brag about being deplorable.  They are the worst our country offers
Racist statement, considering you judge by skin color
Do you really think Trump gives a s..t? He could give a f..k what happens to these kids...a low low point for our country
When did conservatives compromise during the previous administration? What does this have to do with DACA?
Dreamers work hard, contribute, and are devoted to this country- we must fight to keep them safe from harm #DefendDACA
Why aren't they applying for citizenship? #Illegal
It's difficult and many don't have birth certificates which complicates the process.  It cost my hubby 7,000 to get a birth cert.
The problem is the people who make NO effort 2become citizens, then expect all 2be fine. The ill habit of defiant illegal behavior must stop
It cost my hubs 9200.00 to obtain birth certificate and cut through the red tape and he was already teaching for 12 years in Chicago
But his #perseverance got him to that finish line. Instead of giving everyone the trophy,maybe we need to reward deserving efforts instead
Can you please work to legislate a permanent path to citizenship for the Dreamers ASAP?
That's a chance I'm willing to take #ScrewDACA

These people have had plenty of time to get the legal process for citizenship started. ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL.No DACA.
Please help these families.
Help them back to the country they came from. Follow the proper procedures or reap the consequences of your ignorant parents
Trump if you stop DACA it will continue to show how heartless & evil you are! Just remember Holocaust. Maldicion! Trump eres un desgraciado!
I am an elderly white female and in my whole life I have never seen a white person pick a tomato unless it was in their own back yard
Have you ever seen a black swan?
A Black Swan Is An Occurrence that deviates beyond the norm and extremely hard to predict any more questions fire away
Do you understand why I asked you that?
I am always willing to learn. I don't know everything that is for sure. So tell me why you asked me that I would be more than happy to know
Because you made assertion that since you have never witnessed it, it doesn't happen.
You assume or presume I have not witnessed it so therefore you do not know we could go back and forth really not worth it
Tomatoes. I get it. Your right, not worth the time
We cannot let this happen.
Running for the illegal immigrants' votes...?  How about being concerned with American citizens.. their jobs, their children's education.
Illegals cannot vote. You'd know that if you actually voted. Anyway, how about #Trump courting #fascists for votes? Nice guy.
Forget DACA.  What's your position on ANTIFA & SPLC?
@POTUS what about all the crops that will go to waste and stores that won't have product because of his immigration prejudice action
dump the dumbster 
UR Always on the wrong side aren't you senator? #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts DON'T #saveDACA kill it now #lyawatha #fauxcohauntis
Why is it that most of your photos are of you eating alone? Are you sad and lonely? I hope you find peace in your life.
Share this music video called Drain the swampers https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1539945992711768&id=206609649378749 …
They have a choice to be come citizens now.let them become citizens if they want to stay here
Find those people who are always raising money and let them fund it.

So you would have people sending there kids over are dragging there kids here knowing they won't ever get deported. Pure stupidity!!
This comes from 45, the leader of the GOP, once known as the party of Family Values. Now the party of white families and white values.
Liberals kill me with tearing g families apart, it is no difference than the 7 million people  in Prison for doing illegal stuff!Tears apart
"EMPTHY" DOES NOT PAY MY TAX BILLS! Illegals are living here on MY TAXES & I DO NOT WT TO PAY FOR THEIR FREE FREE RIDE! #DeportDACAILLEGALS!
He doesn't care!
Look out for your fellow Americans they need your help more. #AmericaFirst
DACA BURN OUR FLAG, DACA IS ANTI-POTUS, DACA HATE OUR ANTHEM, DACA IS MS13, DACA=FOOD STAMPS, DACA ARE TAX CHEAT, DACA SHOULD BLAME PARENTS
Legal Dreamers waiting decades for your support, sent packing.
you're jumping the gun there Squirly.
We need to deport ALL illegal aliens NOW, and arrest anyone harboring them. They are felons.
If the shoe was on the other foot, you wouldn't walk in them, you don't have strength to walk the walk.
Let Congress pass Dreamer legislation that will be folded into the bill for Repeal and Replace, building the wall, and Tax reform.
Then send them off together 
Help protect the dreamers, NOW!!!
Yes, I think that's what they're after
Support LEGAL immigration Senator!
So let us join together and all scold all the selfish and cruel illegal alien parents who arrogantly put these children in this position.
AND would end up in courts...  in #45's world - if u ain't white, u got no rights .... stop the hate!
#ProtectOurCare #saveDACA @ChelseaClinton
Don't worry Trump according to his spokeswoman loves people. How she could say that with a straight face is beyond me he loves Trump
So true, Sheila!! Peace & love; God bless, Andy 
Possibly if the law was followed to start out with no one would be having to make these calls
Then why stay here illegally? Why not become American citizens? If you support that then you have zero rights telling me what to do!
The Nazi has arrived!
Hey Lizzy didn't you lie about being a Native American # liar you can't lie anymoreWe are all on to you
U just want more Dem voters. U could care less for these kids. just pawns in ur hope for power & fame. U stole a job from a native American
Stop fear mongering! #MAGA!!!
Breaking the law has consequences.
Good bye

Yep Squaw Running Mouth more worried about illegals than the American people! Why didn't Obama take it to Congress?
the people have spoken Senator #endDACA
@womensmarch @julissaarce @KamalaHarris @StandUpAmerica @IndivisibleTeam Can we set up any kind of program to quickly adopt Dreamers? ...
... At least start paperwork, something to keep these kids safe while the GOP tries to kick them out?  #AdoptADreamer #SaveDACA
Illegal aliens are not Americans
When you had the chance to make it stronger you didn't knowing the GOP would take it down as soon as they could, share the responsibility
Go home Pokey and close the lid
Democrats have no respect for the law. Giving special treatment to illegal aliens is an insult to U.S. citizens and LEGAL immigrants.
Advocating to break the law Liz? Why do you want to keep it so you can steal their houses too? #Foreclosurequeen
I don't want to see it happen BUT maybe that 20% of Latinos that voted for Trump will use their heads in 2020 now.
So what!!!!
If you had run Win.
MAGA

Any word on the BRIDGE act? Anywhere in the current agenda?Praying for all the #DREAMers.I hired one & one of the best kids I've ever met.
If they are here illegally they should leave!!!  This great nation was built on respect for the law!  However you damn democrats cant see it
we are a nation of laws.
Most of these people are part of America's future success.  Millions of jobs are not filled...need more young people to join work force!
Yes!!! These chuldren may hold the key to our movement as a country! Some of them live America as much as natural born Americans...
The only law they broke was accompanying their parents.  Ending DACA not the right thing to do.
As long as they were under 34 they qualify. Don't think anywhere near ALL of them were unwillingly brought by parents.
Haha
Did you mean save MS-13?
You are a hypocrite and fake indian. In the 60s you will be branded a communist, an enemy of the US and its constitution.
Ooh...Tearing and ripping. If only you & the last administration hadn't spent last 8yrs encouraging so much illegal immigration in 1st place
Obama deported more illegal immigrants than any current president. Check your facts
Warren for president 2020
Please

No point appealing to POTUS compassion or empathy - HE HAS NONE - IF Obama did it-he'll undo it - vindictive little mam
Can't Congress pass a law reinstating DACA?
WHAT?????
So pass a law! Why are you wasting time complaining. Get to work and do your damn job if you truly care.
I wonder just what the Idiot in Chief and his deplorables will do when these countries tell him to fuck off  and refuse to take them back.
No it wouldn't. Their parents who brought them would go too. 
Keep the kids Sen the law breaking parents home.
Shame on their parents for doing this to their children.  They all need to leave & come in the LEGAL way
So does your support of @PPACT and abortion. Oh, the horrible irony.
how is your comment relevant to Daca ?
If Democrats really cared about tearing families apart as their rhetoric suggests, they wouldn't support policies that tear families apart.
What about the American families that are rip apart, country comes first although I am Indian,
All illegals, and that's what matters! If not should we let people out of Prison for stealing because it tears families apart?
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. U could have called illegals out of the dark; helped w/$ to apply. Be creative/Trump will helpU
You're right!
Should have thought of that before you waged war on the American people and downplayed our President's compassion 
They are breaking the law, putting a financial burden on ACTUAL citizens who actually work!!!
Who cares ?
America first.
Please STOP 45
Such ignorant comments. I know many DACA students, they are neither 
ungrateful or drain on economy, but they ARE afraid. This is wrong.
Their PARENTS should've thought of that BEFORE BREAKING INTO OUR COUNTRY/HOME!
Voting matters
You are delusional!
They are illegals and need to go back to their country
What about the 40% who overstay visas
I wish you would put as much effort into helping U.S. citizens.
They shouldn't have broken our immigration laws in the first place!!no sympathy here!!
Homeless and Veterans first, deport "illegals". You violate your oath of office and should be removed. #Pocahontas
#saveDAC
Disgusting
Gotta start somewhere. You've failed your responsibility to the US long enough. You can't criticize an action when you took none.
#fakenews
So if my parents committed a crime and I benefitted from it is that ok? Just asking.
Not to change the subject.     But how much are you donating to Harvey victims
Except for the country that they knew originally... Mexico.
Exactly!
Well too bad their parents nor themselves are citizens. Nowhere else is this acceptable. Notrumpnowallnousaatall is what dreamers are to you
Solution: whole family goes. Lots of countries. America first. Communist Warren all lies. Bigly dumb. Need to drain her. #REALNEWS!
My tweets speak for themselves! Very smart, best tweeter, best President. Two brains better than one. #REALNEWS!
#SaveYourselfLady  because your political career is nearing an end.  Why don't you run in 2020 so @realDonaldTrump can clean your clock
Ok everyone that wants to save a dreamer adopt them. The cost can be on you and not everyone. Pretty simple, who ever can afford it should.
Apparently, your reality is skewed once again #Fauxcahontas
Rippin the baby from his mothers home separate families liberals on very busy at that
It's a LAW that parents of DACA kids are supposed to pay for their kids public education: https://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/study-exchange/student/foreign-students-in-public-schools.html …
Aren't you suppose to uphold the Law or change it through the process?  Do your job either way.
did you give this any thought when illegal immigrants broke the law coming into our country or is your concern only now that they are here
And look what that costs us each year
Don't say that, it is what he wants!
It will end because Donald Trump will put a end to it Pocahontas
My hubby was a dreamer, today he coaches soccer, works with at risk youth and is an amazing artist!  We need our dreamers!
Get rid of It!  Baggage we don't need
Maybe u r the what we don't need!
They are NOT Americans. They are illegal aliens. Why don't you personally pay the cost and stop forcing hard working Americans to pay.
There are consequences to illegal actions. We have prisons full of people ripped from their families.
Warren is disgusting. I wish her face and mouth could stay hidden
Not my problem. Their mom and dad broke laws
Illegal aliens are not immigrants they are invaders ,line cutters shitting on everyone doing it the legal way.
But YOU and YOUR ILK want to lump MS 13 and OTHER GANG BANGERS into the same group... Show US that you are an AMERICAN Senator
Astonished that anyone with "family"values would entertain the thought of ripping apart families with dreams of  hope #saveDACA
Welfare is not for everyone. Go through the channels to become legal & your contributions will be noticed.
What do you think crossing the border illegally and leaving their families behind does?
That's not truewhat Lizand you know itwhy don't you dosomework for a changeinstead of you and your Dems friends spreading hate2018 u are out
Too bad ain't it ship them back to where they come from then they come back legally
POTUS has no conscience!
Just like their law breaking  parents they are  ILLEGAL . What  part of illegal  don't you socialist democrats  understand.
Awe. Gonna lose a voting block? That's tough!
He can't get anything else done so now He's going after the innocents
Illegal immigrants are innocent? They broke our law.
We're talking DACA children
deport the welfare illegals
Not if congress gets off the high horse and makes them legal! Come on you can do this - do the right thing!!!!!
No, it wouldn't, but it would encourage people to come legally.
Trump is in pain with sick people like you.  Educate yourself more if you are a true American.
Senator, U & Dems responsible 4  not passing law 2 fix Obamas unconstitutional xec order. stop whining. U want 2
fix, sponsor legislation
Our President is not responsible for the death of a boarder guard or a ambassador or the marines who were protecting him U lost get over it!
Why have these people haven't tried to get documented. Not one article mentions them trying to become so just boohoo poor me.
You comment just shows your ignorance
Sorta like the 2016 election?
Which is exactly why the orange piece of will kill it...
And what would be accomplish if ending DACA
800k jobs and college spots opening up for American citizens. Stolen entitlements going back to the American citizens. Any other questions?
