Does this bill address lying about your ethnicity?  You committed a crime by saying you were Native American!   What U are.is #BATSHITCRAZY
A+, with all hopes for your, longterm, success!
Casey Stengel the manager of the NY Mets? #PlayBall
Nice modeling of "reaching across the isle..keep persisting!
How come you phony democrats had to wait until Obama was out of office before you do this?
That's funny you make $160,000 a year but  your net worth of 17 million how does that happen ?
It needed because Trump had removed the existing regulations.
Break up the BIG BANKS...they are a systemic risk to the USA economy.
Now prosecute the bankers for 08...
Seriously.  Why not just introduce bills to prosecute Bankers like Iceland did? Oh wait. ..that would sweep some Congress thieves into it.
+1 @kimsarantakos
Adorable of McCain to pretend to be a rogue so soon after lock-stepping with McConnell.
The Dems knew what they were doing, something foolish, and they did it anyway. They opened a Pandora's box out of spite.
So the GOP only did it because the Dems did it first? Excellent governance plan.
Don't believe lie. Dems curbed abuse of filibuster. 90+ judges blocked. GOP went for nuke to steal SCOTUS seat.


Is this the bill S. 881?
I applaud your efforts to work in a nonpartisan manner to do something positive in the banking area.
I love Elizabeth Warren. I wish SHE were our POTUS...!!!
so what are the steps to getting it passed? what's the timeline?
Thank you for fighting for the savings of Middle Americans.
Thank you for making the US a better place to live Thank you for giving us hope.
Come out of your teepee  http://freebeacon.com/politics/elizabeth-warren-goes-silent-on-equal-pay-day-after-free-beacon-report/ … you don't treat women equally. Lmao
Whoa... if you guys pulled this off you would be my superheroes for life.
Fortunately @SenJohnMcCain has gotten his paycheck from the defense contractors, so he's allowed to support this bill.
@realDonaldTrump Senators is this a example of fun & games to come with your new regulations?
We have enough Red Tape in the banking Industry now we don't need more.
What's McCain's motive? He's such a corporate sell out.
YES!!! THANK YOU!!!
Thank you
Stay focused on your Russian Ruse!!! What terrible judgement?
Democrats are the party of losers. Stop screaming and do some good for the black communities. KKK remember?
Thanks Elizabeth Warren, John McCain.

Your a weak leader.  Where the hell were you in the last 8 years?  No you want a strategy.  Go away Warren....your value add is zero.
Surprisingly not a bad idea.
Senator Warren sponsoring a bill? Well there's a first time for everything.
Please get it passed, please.
This could be the best result from this administration
Well done, Senators!! More Bipartisan action 4Americans &More &More &More  PLEASE
#SusanRiceUnmasked
Watch McCain. Nothing he does now replaces his traitor act today. Even he cried the shame and did it anyway. Never thought I'd see the day.
McCain is a RINO but I had no idea he was nuts enough to be hanging with an idiot like Elizabeth Warren.
To bad you didn't protect tax payers from 520 billion hud lost money.  Great job taking care of tax money
I don't trust it. Read the small print. And I mean the really small print...
No worry. McConnell will keep the Republicans voting his way.
Yes, excellent, never let them do this again, people can't be trusted with speculative deals

You can count on @SenJohnMcCain to make a stirring speech about doing the right thing, then voting the opposite. Signature move.
Yes! Finally this bill!! bring back Glass-Steagall
Of the many things we love to see you fight for Liz, are women's reproductive rights and holding the tide on greedy evil BANKSTERS!!!!
Don't trust @SenJohnMcCain because he lies and puts party before country
Go get them Liz, my monthly donation to you is well spent
Can you trust @SenJohnMcCain to do what he says? He just voted for #nuclearoption even though he said it was idiotic.
Good luck! Make it happen! #trueMAGA
Thank you !
repeal IT!!
Anything you are for I am against. You are a crazy person.
That's awesome. Certainly helps middle class Americans that elected you in Massachusetts. Keep fighting for us Elizabeth!
@IBM your contributor does this for the past 8 years plus with Tarp Funds & Senators- No Investigation on this.
Please Sen Warren, watch your back with McCain, he turns.
Now to see if @POTUS takes back his support because you're one of the authors. #resist #persist
Excellent, I wish that Clinton had never changed the law to begin with
Won't pass under this president but let's have a vote
From a former banker, thank you Elizabeth. One of the most important protections ever for the financial system and thereby the public.
If you're name and Mcain name is on anything, it can't be good.
why pretend bipartisan work when Rep's including @SenJohnMcCain break Democracy
I'm sure it's tough to fight for the best interests of folks like those below who don't want you to, but I appreciate that you do.
Thank you! For trying! I hope this can get passed before potus' "major haircut" on Frank Dodd. We'll be back in the same crisis if he does.
Fantastic!  How about Citizen's (which don't really include any) United next? @realDonaldTrump  If you really want people to like you!
Hooray for Independent Senator Angus King!
There's hope yet that bipartisanship can live!
Pocahontas needs to go for the betterment of America
Tempting 2 ridicule this as cure in search of ailment. But would be far worse than ineffective: it would reduce the US standard of living.
Seems like a bad news day to be doing this. Oh well. Great!
Be careful McCain doesn't back out and vote the other way at some point.
YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING, AND THAT IS WHY I WILL DO MYBEST TO GET YOU OUT OF OFFICE, EVEN SHOWING YOU ALL THE FRAUD,YOU DID NOT HELP, TFN
Sorry, I'm for it, but good luck with this congress. McCain is a hypocrite.
no offense but that won't pass
The Heck with @SenJohnMcCain His WORD means NOTHING Voted 2 RAM th SOCALLEDJUDGE Thru NO RESPECT 4 HIM
There ya go. That's more like it. Some bipartisan legislation.
Oops Mr. Rickles!
A bi-partisan bill?!  How refreshing!  I'd love to see more of this.
Times like this wouldn't the world  be less hectic if marijuana was 100% legal everywhere.
Sorry, that's not true.  It wouldn't be like this if Citizen's United weren't law. Put the joint down!
Thank you!!
This is a bipartisan effort that would make our financial system safer!  .@SenSherrodBrown .@senrobportman
HOW ABOUT THE BANKS , THAT USE THIS FRAUD MERSCORPHOLDINGS, FRAUD AT IT HIGHTEST LEVELS. MERS IS A FRAUD, YOU DIDNT DO NOTHING ABOUT THAT
YOU SENATOR, COST MY FAMILY OVER 300,000 THOUSAND DEFENDING OUR RIGHT AS HOMEOWNERS, AGAINST THE SAME BANKS,YOU SAY YOU DID SOMETHING ABOUT
What does that mean?  You owned a home worth...?
I'm sure Mr. Tickles would understand that life goes on and would want the fight to continue!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Did your office receive the election results memo ?
Dems live in forever lala land. Too stupid to get out while they are ahead. Thanks Harry Reid. We got Gorsuch and the next !
BRAVO
Thanks to you all.
Please be sure to tell @SenJohnMcCain how he betrayed the American people today.  #RIPDemocracy
Thank you Senators. It's badly needed.
Liz, say Hi to Harry! #Tatiana
#traitormccain
all her story again???
Thank you. This is awesome.
can you please just shut up? we're dealing with the death of don rickles here.
Proverbs 28:13
He who covers his sins will not prosper, But whoever confesses [1/2]
and forsakes them will have mercy. [2/2]
Timothy 2:11

"I permit no woman to teach or have authority over men; she is to keep silent."

Just bc it's in your Bible doesn't make it ok
