Really?   Please
You are awesome Senator Warren!
#silly woman
Very opportunist politician you are!!
Thank you!
Even serial killers? Not sure I agree with your stance.
So, does this imply Elizabeth Warren is gay?
Gag lndain
ps. fake fake runninf fake news your fake. twitter is prob fake and managed by millennial regurgarobots.
When are you going to start filming peter pan with the Weinstein company??? I heard you were gonna be the little native girl.
THank you
I just came across this. Look at you running. You got me like You go girl.
Jesus came to give us his final commandment.... love one another!
Very simple. You are a beacon of His love every day!!
U R Amazing Senator!! You fight for us!!! Run for President !!!!
But being a traditionalist subjects you to violence and ridicule by the leftists
Go Senator Warren. We love your work because you work for all the people
How "safe" would they feel in the presence of your supporter, Harvey Weinstein?
You're celebrating the death of the family with a husband and wife and their biological children~Most gays will not have their own children.
There are some husbands/wives pairs that never have biological children. Does that mean they love adopted ones any less? Of course not.
Because love is love. When you spread love freely & beyond your bloodline, love grows & multiplies. It gets bigger the more you give away.
#Resistance in your bio proves that U discriminate against R President and his supporters~you have more hate in your heart than love #MAGA
@AlexandraLou0 
Too bad u didn't fight for the people to have health care that didn't put them into bankruptcy!
Wonder if you're sitting in Russia right now... just to let you know, it was the REPUBLICAN Senate committee that took ACA and made it crap.
5000 years of recorded history tell us: “If you don’t look like me and think like me, you are undesirable.” Human nature doesn’t change.
Homosexuality is abomination. And America is promoting homosexuality culture by force. They came with the new law "hate crime", their shield
Awwwwww why don't you come out it's brighter outside of the closet
Nah I think people like YOU have destroyed society
@MAHAMOSA You're part of a crooked (political) system.  You live for and get money serving that system. It's sad!
How safe would Christian be in that mob they would turn into killers in a second.
That is the most preposterous tweet I have read today. The Christian persecution dialog, like the white male persecution dialog, is bologna.
This is the most blatantly ignorant statement I have ever read on this topic. The lack of facts and truth is astounding, yet she believes it
Elisabeth warren nust resign! Resign! Step down! You have destroyed american values. You support the abomibations. God doesnt like wht u do
Awesome I am sure Ari.is proud
Does that mean youll resign and stop inciting hate groups like ANTIFA?
So you finally have outed yourself.
That guy in the coffee house wasn't very tolerant was he Liz? How does that make you feel?
Thank you #Warren4President
Lies lies lies wicked Warren simply says anything to get publicity and buy votes
The enemies of God arethose lgbt people. They hate God and they hate us who condemn their abominations. They took away freedom of speech
You poor delusional pseudo-christian
All lesbians know is to insult those who condem their abominations. What you know about being a christian? Cana lesbian b christian? Never!
The hurricanes, the earthquate, the wars are the consequences of homosexuals marriage in the churches. Abominations. Condemn evil!
Wrong! They're results of pseudo-christians like YOU!
Im a christian because i believe in prophet Kacou Philippe. If you are christian,who is your prophet?  christian follows Christ thru prophet
Shame to all those politicians who have supported this satanic movement. To be gay is a disgraced. And heterosexual people cant accept it.
Abominations. Whoever support these demons homosexuals and lesbians will be punished by God. The judgment of God is here. Shame to America
Kinda like you identify as an Indian even though you are not
@tylerperry245 @jk_rowling @CDCgov @WHO @WhiteHouse @BillClinton @BarackObama

I just  U Ms. Warren 
We can start a circus,we have all kinds of side shows now
Spoken like a true libtard Pocahontas.
.@SenWarren Fucking rock star! You make me proud (broken heart that you didn't fight for @SenSanders) but.. You're Amazing.
That's right keep to the fringes of society and leave the rest of us alone. Curious as to why you haven't come out yet? Afraid?
Except conservative
You better because that's the only way you're going to vote.
Thanks for the positive and inspiring tweet!
We need to support Corker and IMPEACH. His personality disorders (plural) are a threat to the continued existence of the USA as we know it!!
Kinda like when  u came out for HRC but not Bernie #neverforget
No wonder we have been getting so much rain lately
Please run for #President one day. You're what our country needs. #Warren2020
Ok big mouth. When are you going to do this for Chicago?
Counting on you Elizabeth #Resistance
When is it you represent #Legal Citizens of Massachusetts.
We've been killed in by your actions!
Puppet
You’re blind
Nobody outside the peoples republic of Massachusetts cares what you have to say you commie.
A homosexual lifestyle is disordered, perverted and unhealthy. Male homo’s account for 75% of the VD in the United States.
Proof please. And why are you having sex with gay men? I'm asking for a friend who thinks you protest mighty. Come on out.
You just had to out do @realDonaldTrump waiving the rainbow flag they gave him didn't you.  Look at me! Look at me! I the gays so much!

This post is gay as f.. K
If I follow you can I be a Indian too?
Everyone needs you Elizabeth, thank you

She is pretty Amazing
Support purchase of hcare across state lines with trumphole,  it's a start
Keep fighting...It's a shame the world has fallen so far and ignored God's law...keep up the fight for snowflakes and rug munchers
it's time to start impeachment process or issuethe 25th ammendment - @POTUS #45* has done ZERO for the people  - his behavior is that of a dictator #impeach
And we are behind you!

Elizabeth Warren you rock!
Bless you lady.
Thank you Senator Warren!  Being gay in America became much more worrisome sine 01/20/2017 & when AG @jeffsessions & @VP attack LGBT rights.
You lie
Not with you in congress
Im not your hugest fan Liz.  But your awesome
You're a good person Elizabeth Warren.  Thank you!
Control Freak
Your just like HRC, and you will  tell everyone how you want them to live
#Fauxcahontas coming out as white...
Then stop dividing people. Use your indoor voice to unify in love and compassion. You can talk softly and still carry a big stick.
John Lennon said it all with “Imagine.” That is my anthem. No “bombs bursting in air.”
Smh. You can be for these folks that's great but please stop pandering to every little minority group you look desperate
Why aren't the dems doing more to force this president out before he kills us all???
See my DF remark!
Didn’t think it was possible to love @SenWarren even more. But I do.
Except Nazis. Never fight for a world where Nazis feel safe
Is this really a thing?  Sad. We should get rid of this day and let people come out on what ever day they choose and not limit to one day.
I will all so day bully is mean and stuiped if trump wants two do he's job let him do it o well get over it wee will lead
If you want to see more people, then the Bay to Breakers is for you. San Francisco each May.

President Warren
So morally WRONG
Senator Warren thank you for being such a bright light in these dark dark times!
What does illegal mean ?
Then say something about the 51 Indonesian gay men arrested in Indonesia last week!
You won’t cause they can’t vote for you 
You're the best!
Lmaooo you mean you keep fighting for a world where only those who see it through your lense are safe and prosper.
Queen among queens.    Warren for president 2020!
Such gravitas.
If you’re “safe to be who you are” then take that dna test the tribes want you to take to prove your Indian heritage
Yup, she really cares..
She is really trying for those votes.  A loony toons if ever there was one
Transgenders are gay men that can’t deal with their homosexuality. That requires mental health assistance, not democratic support
Thank you so much for your kind words. We need all the support that we can get, especially in these times.
One of your best yet 
Thank you for all of the support!
Anytime . I hope you are better
I love her

In time, we will rebuild what racists Trump, Pence, Bannon, Miller, Gorka’s, and the Republicans destroy. We have to resist and have faith.
I say this with outmost respect. YAAAS BITCH!
You'll keep fighting for every corrupt dollar that goes into your bank account! You're a fake! A fraud to the American people and America!
When is national fake Indian day? Will it be your birthday?
Rally round the teepee fires folks the cheapest just spoken
Than k You Elizabeth
.@SenWarren your yes vote on record military budget betrays your statement here. You're thinking you can bomb everyone into feeling safe?
Imagine the response of the liberals if Trump did it
How about pushing 4 support of amend 25 so we don't ALL end 187?
Aren't you going to come out?
God Bless You.
Thank you Senator Warren.  I sleep better at night because you fight!
aren't  you going to move to Canada ?
Barf
.

[FACT]

LGBTQ SUICIDE RATE IS ~30%

NORMAL PEOPLE SUICIDE RATE IS ~6%

.
You awesome Senator Warren!
Hey Liz, can YOU HELP a brother out?
Please impeach Trump!! Save our country from this fascist!
They can love who ever they want but don't do it in front of me unless you are a man and a women otherwise it is offensive to me . eppelin
You look like you are having the absolute best time ever!
So if i love my sister, its alright? U guys are not serious
Or maybe U could show up in the U S Senate and get busy ousting Trump!
I love YOU Senator Elizabeth Warren. Thanks for being awesome.
I remember her in this parade, she was seriously running and dancing around. Whizzed right by us.
That's amazing :)
Can someone show me the scripture where a God slept with the same sex?. Wo/men are finding excuses to be homosexual. Follow the commandments
Love this!
Yours is a world full of illegals and fruit cakes! All just let me you!
Its called unconditional love. I hope the world doesn't mistaken the Biblical representation to forbidden stuff. 10commandments are real
You're fabulous!
In every way! My 95 year-old dad seems to have the same kind of crush on @SenWarren he has on @MichelleObama : "She knows who she is."

You’re missing your tomahawk.
Your so fake it's not even funny but just like Hillary it will catch up to you
Elizabeth for President! Please oh please! We need a real leader in the White House!

We love you back Liz! Keep fighting! @FTBBoston
Love it!
please run for president.

It’s time to get people that actually understand everyday people and things tha will help us and stop making the rich richer!
I really can’t take you serious since claiming to be an Indian
So are you givin a free pass to Weinstine, he is who he is, and have donated lots of cash to the dem party.
Thank you @SenWarren !
Love you Senator!
Thank you for standing up for the rights of ALL Americans.
25th Amendment. Trump is Americas greatest threat.
Pandering for votes
YOU FINALLY FOUND A PLACE WHERE YOU FIT RIGHT IN, NOW TAKE THEM ALL WITH YOU AND MOVE TO CANADA!
Geez you are just getting to be so lame and empty.
Thank you.
hello
omg girl, you are living large. role model
Whites want that too and it's disgusting that you are pitting us against each other.. teens are good until they graduate and hear ppl like u
You are my spirit animal. Lady, you rock.
Whatever
Yes so you can pretend to be Pocahontas and get another minority over paid college professorship. How nice Lizy
Run, Lizzie, run
You go girl 
Well you sure as hell don't care about making Conservatives comfortable.
You are the Poster lady for the Love Trumps Hate is a MYTH movement
Including conservatives?
Thank you, Mrs Warren.   You are great
Barf 
You are such a joy
Ok so I'm a weird conservative...I love that we have Trump as our president...and I also love gay/lesbian rights! Love my GBF Devin!!!
Thank you for supporting love and acceptance .. it is so rare lately!
I just love you so!!!!someday I'd love to hug you, look you in your eyes and say how much you mean to me, personally.
HOW ABOUT PRISON FOR WELLS FARGO EXECS??? Dancing with unicorns is not going to get the criminals in prison.
Thank you @SenWarren for your hard work, your energy, enthusiasm, determination and the courage you display in standing up for our rights.
I'm there without you

You are a wonderful human being... and wonderful at being human.
