You go, Tittikaka!
So what are you gonna do for income?
Oh, Just like Government did after the crash in 2008?
Well gee, if it's ur competition that needs a rep big mouth, sure they'll say anything u want.  Nothing like gov to get u what u want
Wells Fargo got big abusing employees and customers. They should be forced to break into smaller banks.
Put them in conservatorship till they r reformed by congress & sweep all their profits every qtr. Keep delaying d reform 2 milk them dry
Elizabeth of course we must hold all accountable even millionaires like you
Please keep fighting to stop this monster from cheating more innocent victims!
Hello Governtment? This is Kettle calling.
Why dont you do the same for the federal reserve?
What are you doing about Equifax hack?
I have served on a bank board and I assure you the board new the basics and liked the results That is why they continued the bonuses
WarrenFranken2020
$FNMA $FMCC Recap Release and Relist on NYSE! Shareholders want JUSTICE! #FANNIEGATE @POTUS 9 Years Too Long. #MAGA #MFFGA UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Why don't let their customers do that and go fund the military or something.
They can't even hold themselves accountable
Thank God this isn't a communist country! The government needs to stay the fuck out of private business.  No bailouts! Try bankruptcy!
If they caught a group of black people smoking pot, they'd be howling "Lock them up!" Republicanism is a brain disease.
Same for Latinos. Just ask Sheriff Joe.
Why, if you're concerned with holding big banks accountable, did you endorse a presidential candidate with deep ties to Goldman & others?
So what have you done about it? Nothing you're hot air you're a fake phony Indian & a fake phony politician welfare recipient #Evil
I hope you lose your senate seat in the midterms. I'm going to give all my cash to your primary opponent & general opponents #bettyexposes
Aren't you and ALL the Democrats ashamed of
Clinton and Obama?  The DACA mess is on him!
Now let's hold the credit reporting agencies accountable for data security breaches as well!
WELLS FARGO is the worst bznking corp. In the entire world!!
You are in bed with big banks. Liar, you get no say.
As well as worthless crooked politicians. Your days are numbered. Hypocrite!!
Have you ever spoken to WF leadership one-on-0ne without press coverage? You may just ask them to reorganize their board.
What are you doing about #Google censoring and #YouTube targeting small businesses. Zip zero nothing.
as long as censoring benefits Dems and it does she'll stay silent. If it ever helps GOP she'll howl
More importantly Americans must hold lying Senators accountable. She should be impeached for her baldfaced lies.
Removing the Board isn't enough. The fraud has been going on for years with different Boards.They should have their federal charter revoked.
AND THIS is why we MUST keep secondary MTG markets far away from TBTF banks. Fannie Mae /  Freddie Mac must be saved as they are, NOW!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who holds big government accountable?
more than accountable
Wells Fargo's board should be criminally investigated..
Wow I agree with this leftest nutjob.
For once I agree with you! And the Federal Reserve needs to be shit down as well.
Glad to see you senator Warren We always like our senators when they don't work against us
Hold their feet to the fire. Make them pay restitution.
The answer is not to remove the board.  As usual no trials & no one has to do prison time for knowingly defrauding customers.
I agree.
Irresponsible self-serving bankers got this planet into a world of sh*t some ten years ago. ( the last time ) Many before.
If I had opened loan or bought ins w/ someone private info,I would go to jail. WF did millions of times & no jail,why
Time for RICO!
Elizabeth Warren should be removed.  Incompetence should be grounds for impeachment.
Why weren't they held accountable when your party was in office?
I'm 60 & never had a bank. Home, car etc. loans + Savings, MMkt, CDs, ALL through my CREDIT UNION! Move ur money next WEEK & save BIG!
They have hurt a lot of people. Why don't they go to jail?
I don't understand how they are still in business today...
Nice idea, sure, but won't the trump idiots just declare fake news on something then repeal another Obama-era protection? #45WorstPOTUSEver
I we agree!
Stop speaking in ignorant SandersSpeak. Hold all banks accountable. Small banks and mortgage cos.did just as much to cause the recession.
And they should ask you, Senator Warren, and people of color and different economic backgrounds to be on the board.
They should make a bank that aims to help build a middle class. Like for real. And make their banks open, casual and modern.
I bank with Wells Fargo and I think the government stepping in to remove employees of a private company is ridiculous. #Pocahontas
If you are going to speak about helping, get in there and do something or shut up!
Do something Elizabeth other than talk we have heard enough talking we have not seen any action that actually helps the borrowers/homeowners
So true all I hear is
Going to remove Buffet
You need to sanction Equifax
Ooga-chaka Ooga-Ooga
Ooga-chaka Ooga-Ooga
Ooga-chaka Ooga-Ooga
Ooga-chaka Ooga-Ooga
Your on the right track, but Obliteration is what came to mind for me 
Wells Fargo board CEO &upper mngmnt shld all be removed& maybe jailed.surprised this was not done sooner giving fraudulent practices of bank
As we know, Eric Holder decided big banks should not be prosecuted for 2008 - they were allowed to pay fines - and not out of CEO pockets
I pray you are never a president
Gov MUST HOLD GOVERNMENT accountable I.E. Hillary, Wasserman, Rice,Comey, Holder, Lynch, SCHUMER, Pelosi, Waters etc. CRIMINALS
OMG Senator thank you , please , please remove Wells Fargo board they are pure FRAUD
And the American people must hold BIG government accountable
This government? I hear your thought, would agreed normally, but look who the hell is in charge.
The sooner the better!
Cripers what does BLOCK do?
. I cannot rid myself of this weasel's posts 
what up with BLOCK?
Greatly appreciate my Local WF bank, but this is getting ridiculous. Corporate greed will destroy us.
GOP has to be accountable for not removing trump and changing laws to suit themselves. Unqualified candidates cannot run for President ever
I wish they would agree that scumbag liars should not be allowed to remain in the Senate. Here is one that I know of.
For once I'm with you
I agree with you
Sen. Warren stay on it. Please
Great statement @SenWarren . How about tweeting @ICBA  statement on the GSE's http://www.icba.org/news/press-releases/2017/09/06/icba-reflects-on-anniversary-of-gse-conservatorship … #fanniegate
They also agree you should be removed. Bye
pocahontas, put government in charge. We all want to see the theivery and and more incompetence. Death panels for banks!
*Raising my hand waving wildly*. Me too!  I want banks to be accountable, too!!
hey pocahontas. obama didn't hold banks accountable. He bailed them out. Governments are the biggest crooks. Pass law for donors.
They should be closed
Agree big time but most repubs don't like accountability and they are in government control
Wont happen while trump's in office. Big business & banks will run amuck.
but but, who would hold the government responsible? The people? What about Wells Fargo customers, are they people?
Sen Warren is too extreme for me. Much easier just to remove all white men from the board.
Deregulation has brought us uncontrolled capitalism which has brought us greed beyond belief.
Accountability is important for banks
Should be yea but im sure it will be hard to prove "intent" like @HillaryClinton
Too big to jail.
They broke the law prosecute them don't complain and make a bunch of new laws! Common sense!
Removed? Removed to Leavenworth!
I agree with @Cam_Fine. In August, after the over-billing mom and pop stores scandal came out, I suggested the entire board should resign.
and perhaps the auditors, too!
No Liz big government must be held accountable
You are the expert dear!
Community bankers also think takeover of GSE'S was unnecessary.  If you allow GSE'S to be gutted,  you are just as pro wall street as Corker
Dismantling the proven GSE model to give its business to TBTF banks would be the worst decision. TBTF banks should be wound down. Not GSE's
Yet they are the main ones given a pulpit in Congress via the MBA. Why?
I think you meant "tried by a jury"
Private corporation. You can't do that. But you can find them through the legal system.
Yes they must.
Don't stop till they are in jail.
@SenWarren - Look into this as well.
Three Equifax execs - incl. CFO and head of info solutions - sold $1.7 million in stock after discovering breach https://bloom.bg/2vRmZ9u  
Lock them up! @MarthaStewart was scapegoated for far less.
Give it a rest Elizabeth. You're annoying
yeah and you did so well at that for the last 8 years
You mean like the banks that are to big to fail? And they did during Obama's watch.
Trump will not allow it.
Just as Obama admin didn't.  Yes, I voted Obama & Clinton.  But we got Trump because of many decades of gov policy
Pass a law holding board members if not legally then financially responsible

Wells Fargo bank was bought already by rich Venezuelans. They are going to continue stilling money from all Wells Fargo customers.
Customers need to hold Wells Fargo accountable.
Bernie Sanders
We must have Public Banks!
That you Bernie?
#WellsFargo should have their charter revoked and be dissolved.
I'm glad community bankers agree: @WellsFargo's Board should be removed. Government must hold big banks accountable. http://www.icba.org/news/press-releases/2017/09/06/icba-s-cam-fine-reacts-to-latest-wells-fargo-scandal-news …
You'er not the sharpest tac in the box!!! Anything else stupid you want to share?
Thank you, Sen. Warren.  It's time to stop bankers and corporations from running roughshod over the public.
We The people will hold you accountable.
I agree!
We need to boycott this dismal failure of a bank! Find a great credit union locally! They give back to the communities they live in!
TBH, the entire thing should go down in flames. Holy smokes, they CANNOT get away with this crap - more and again. S/b out of business!!
We CAN'T put the current government in charge of holding giant corporations accountable.That psycho is at the heart of the disease! #impeach
Hold banks accountable? Like Maxine Waters husband failed bank after Maxine set up fraud? But people lie for jobs!
And how about the execs at Equifax?
Get out of business affairs. Less government involvement
Removed, arrested and tried. If guilty, jailed. Real repercussions would be the only deterrent.
Florida is about to be hit with the biggest storm in history and you're worried about the freaking banks!!
She cares nothing about the American people! Squaw Running Mouth only cares about votes!
I closed my #WellsFargo bank account and joined an ethical bank.
Get back in your tee pee.
To bad with the current administration that will never happen. To many chronies of trump run the big banks.
Or trump will order sessions to kill and actions to gain favor with the banks to get loans.
Not gonna happen, those are trump's friends, that can't get a loan yet sit on boards.....

Regulations help
Wells Fargo is a great bank has been around many years and will be around long after you no longer are a senator! Thanks God for that!!
Since you are such an amazing at repping our state, lets see how hard u fight to get HQ2 in Mass. Lets see some Twits
When will big banks b held accountablethe slogan sounds good  seems like is business as usual and nothing 
They still would have done it.  They are crooks.  They wouldn't care if more rules were enforced.  Big government won't solve anything.
AND ALL OF WELLS FARGO'S EMPLOYEES SHOULD BE REMOVED. START FRESH WITH HELP FROM A REGIONAL BANK.
Hey LieAWatha! How we hold you accountable for lying about your native American heritage so you could steal a scholarship!
Dodd-Frank was supposed to curtail some of this mess but not much has changed.
The first 3 scandals and mass fraud cases weren't severe enough for ya?
Convinced that they will get a slap on the wrist while writing checks to donate to politicians re-election campaigns. #GotMoneyGetAPass
What have you done lately ? Nothing   You're a liar and thief just like Hilary.
Should we hold Big Liars accountable...Chief?
Finally agree with you. Wow. Thanks for voting on Harvey too with Trump.
We should erect a monument to #icba for their speaking out against those #tobigtofail Kudos!
I cannot "like" this tweet enough!
What about holding people responsible?
#BankFraudBernie @SenSanders family had their fingers all in the pot.
Fake news? Do it and stop talking about it
They or the execs responsible should go to jail.
Prosecution! America is tired of being fleeced by the good old white boys club. No more tolerance for white collar crime!
You don't mind them when they are giving you money tho
The people need to hold big government accountable and we will.
There is a reason there were/are so many business regulations-because given the chance, most would do more harm, as they have already proven
We should hold senators accountable  Vote Diehl for senate
Wells Fargo  et al pay taxes.  Harvard?  Wonder if her 403B is still there?
