thank you! I'm appalled with the lack of dems voices. why r we letting trump get away with anything?
he is the president where have you been??
I've been right here listening 2 trumps lies watching him make a fool of himself over who's more popular reading his rants where have u been
Warren for President 2020!
Now that is the most ridiculous tweet of the day.
Please fight. I rely on Medicare for me and ACA to insure my child. Before ACA, I couldn't buy a policy just for him.
That's because government fucked up the insurance market. ACA has fucked up worse.
Before ACA, no insurer would SELL me a policy for my son. Now they do b/c they have to. How is this worse?
it distorts the market and drives up costs.
I think greed & a for-profit marketplace are what distorts the market and drives up costs. #agree2disagree
you have a Marxist view of economics.  Marx was an idiot when it came to economics.
We see things differently. I think access to healthcare is a basic human right that should be guaranteed..
It's not a right, it's a commodity. That's why you fail.
only current claims R catostrophic bc prem&ded costs $18K    what insurance? just robbed of $$ 4 somone to get cheap
THANK YOU.
Thank you Elizabeth. As an autoimmune disease patient with a reliance on Chemo drugs for my life, thank you so much!
OBAMA AND DEMS already have, what do you care... you dont have to have it.
We expect this from Left stupidity there is no cure for stupid=except fill their pockets $$$ from forcing Obamacare
I am with you although I'm Canadian I wanted Hillary Clinton to win
i am Canadian also and Live in the US now. Obamacare is nothing at all like the healthcare in Canada. It sucks real bad
It defiantly could be better. However you coming from Canada,likely don't know how bad it was before.
nope been here 18yrs now I remember it being better before Obamacare. My costs have gone thru the roof b/c of it
that is wrong. Obama gave all the power to the insurance companies yet could have given Americans and one payer system he didn't
Sen Warren you are rude and ignorant, a very poor representative of the people! You should resign!
so now you are the party of "no". Last 8 years that was a bad thing now it's good?
Keep up the fight @SenWarren!!
Pocahontas has no fight
Your use of name calling shows your argument carries no weight. Next time try being informed instead of just opinionated.
& remember there's only 62 million who voted Trump, do the math 300 less 62=US for 2020
https://ballotpedia.org/State_legislative_elections,_2017 …
@StayBrave1025 @SenateGOP please! We, of the LGBT community are terrified. Especially trans veterans. We deserve what we earned.
All sorts of people fought for this country and faced bias throughout their entire military careers!
I'm seriously thinking about publishing my story. No one should go through what I did.
I'm sorry things happened like that. I just want to say, you are not alone. Thanks for serving.
Thanks for that. It's not so much that I want kudos, I want to make people aware so others
I understand. In Iraq, I felt like I had to hold my rifle to protect myself from Americans... Why? Why?
Of my own chain of command. Didn't sleep much and when I did it was with one eye open
around 11M on your aca already had medicaid.
@hilgaines @SenateGOP Thank you ma'am. He's an outright liar. He will get caught eventually. That gross bucket of DNA.
America does not want socialized medicine. USA does not want government in our lives, trying to run our lives.
like dems did to millions plans cancelled? 62 & buy birth control? force Americans to buy? RU joking? how do U justify
Please call your Local Senator and show your support for @realDonaldTrump nominees or four more years  
If Obamacare is so good why why don't you Pelosi and the rest of the democrats have it?
because it's for people like me fighting #Cancer whose incomes are reduced b/c of illness
Pssttt...
You can't destroy what already lies in ruins.

@SenWarren @SenateGOP
They will not destroy health care and you know it. You will never be president people hate you more than HER
that's our hope.
lol @ democrats pretending to have hope
Post the telephone numbers of these GOP BASTARDS SO WE CAN CALL RIGHT NOW!
you liberals always want others to do the work for you, look them up yourself.
I agree they better get that Obama phone a dialing
And please fight them on letting Russia take over the country, too.  In fact, I'd make that #1 fight, pls, Senator.
like she fought Hillary giving Russia 20% of our Uranium?
Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! - that's all you guys have.  #regurgitatehate  #deplorables
If the question is who has ties to Russia, then the answer is Hillary. So you are correct
The person who has ties to Russia is you, Erin... Or should I say, Vladimir.. Again. Poka!
The ACA was subpar health insurance, NOT healthcare, between premiums and deductibles, who could actually get care????
You're on the warpath, eh?
Healthcare is not now affordable. Warren "fights" with more blather to further her personal interests, nothing more.
Hey Watren if you like your health care you can keep your healthcare and YOU can find a way to pay for it!!
Want to pay my premiums?
Obama already destroyed the health care system, let the GOP repair it.
You DESTROYED health care with your partisan UNaffordable Care Act. Why don't you use it if it's so good. Pfft
ok sure,
GOOD waste your time. #itwillstillgetdone
says the lady who is exempt from Obamacare
The forced healthcare? Purchase or you will be fined healthcare?  Dems are truly ignorant to the people's wants
What about middle America? Under Obamacare healthcare has become our #1 largest monthly expense surpassing our mortgage! #RepealandReplace
Trump has repeatedly stated that he WILL keep the "previous condition" part of the aca.  Stop inflaming falsehoods.
The Queen of soundbites has spoken.
. Should have done Obama care right 1st time! You took money from insurance co. and let them write it.
You lost, DNC, accept it.
Lady what part of the premiums & deductibles are so high.No one can afford 2 use it. It's WORSE than not having it!SMH
Maybe you could do a Rain Dance and make all your butthurt magically disappear!
. @SenWarren @SenateGOP Elizabeth Warren(D-Fauxcahontas)
Affordable Care Act has been failing since inception. The only solution is to start over. Sen Warren you should help.
Fight for what?  Overpriced, high deductibles insur no one can afford.  Remember: U can keep your doctors!  False.....
Pocahontas thinks healthcare is good, well since she is exempt I bet it is!!! U speak with forked tongue!!!
, we welcome your opposition Pocahontas!
You are an idiot! Obama already destroyed health care. We are trying to put it back together. Idiot!
Senator Warren, is Obamacare the health insurance you use? Or anyone in govt D.C.??
All talk, no action...as usual.
if Obamacare is so good, why don't you use it?! It can be improved, and it should be. No one wants to "destroy" it!
Get your terms right. GOP is trying to fix health insurance!
Don't worry , Obamacare has already destroyed healthcare in the U.S.!
Health care and health insurance are not the same, @SenWarren, and your party destroyed the latter.  @SenateGOP
@SenWarren The Dems destroyed the Unaffordable HealthCare. The Repubs will now replace it with realistically Affordable HealthCare. #MAGA
U are far from credible. Why didn't U READ it? Why don't U HAVE TO BY LAW have non-affordable insurance w/$10K deduct?
One could easily state that is was u that destroyed it with ACA. Nice slogan you stole from Alice Cooper. Need better

Healthcare is provided by doctors.
no cupcake, that was done by the vermin that's about to leave the WH. It's time to rebuild
You, and your party have destroyed healthcare in America.  The adults will now clean up your disastrous mess.
lol, go away Fauxcahontis. You can't do jack shit.
I'm a small business owner whose had to lay off because Obama care, you let us down Pocahontas.
only the people that get it free want it.. middle Americans that pay 500-1000 a month for it are fed up.. #work
STHU corrupt Wench! Democrats already 'destroyed health care in America'! #HypocriticalHarpy 
oh look another big govt. democrat trying to stake control over our very health now. No thanks to your kind of help.
good luck you will be waisting your time.
 @SenateGOP keep up the good work for the American people!
U with ur big mouth fix it. Talk the talk but u don't walk the walk!!
then u fix it. I had a perfectly good policy $500 mth $1000 deduct $24-40 copay. NOW I PAY $800 $5000 DEDUCT $40/60 cp
with any due respect, you need to come out of the DC bubble on occassion. ACA is destroying us. Please stop the spin. @SenateGOP
So U will fight making Health Care affordable while continuing to offer coverage to ALL? U R a nut job.
You're a really dishonest political hack without any moral compass.  A worthy heir to Hillary Clinton. @KurtSchlichter
ahem I believe Ted Kennedy started the destruction with HMO's n dems finished it w/Obamacare
We are going to repeal failing, expensive Obamacare. Insurance does not = health care. Stop it Pocahontas.
shut up. you socialist never-was.
you and Bernie Sanders are truly the only two willing to fight tooth and nail for what is right.
Thank you
thank you,we need you more then ever
OK Pocahontas
What can sick Americans do to make sure we don't lose access to care?
Senator, you're my hero. You stand up to all those bullies in GOP. Self interest is their middle name.
Yea while my ass making 20 to 35k a year am required to pay 600-900 in fines each year for not wanting health insurace
Thanks Pokey. Glad to see you truly don't care about America's  financial health either.
by declining your cushy health plan and using what real people do?
Fauxahontas, have U ever done anything to ACTUALLY improve the lives of Amer ppl or, do You just spew ridiculous ?
work for Americans, not your own spiteful agenda.
Thank you Dem Reps & Sen for standing against the dismantling of the ACA last nite. Keep fighting this evil! @C4CFED
thank you for your continued fight for #ACA! #acaworks #healthcareisaright  @SenateGOP
.@SenWarren Thank you for standing up for Americans who need reasonable access to healthcare--all of us.
thank you!!
why It is failing on its own.  Are you going to save a dying horse?
Fighting with @GOP is futile they are nimrods
PLEASE GET THE WORD OUT CAL GOP SENATORS AND TELL THEM U DO NOT SUPPORT REPEAL OF ACA!!!!!
good luck sweetheart. We are looking to provide the healthcare you failed miserably to do.
I am a very strong supporter of the your and you inspire me to be myself
I lBEGu2FITE4UsPLS?WASaNurse/OTJI=11yrsInBedSpineFX/SSDisabilityOnly$737mo/MDC+SupPlan+meds=75%Incm!IFSS/MDCwillBhomeless@63yr
Health care in Mass violates the constitution- refused care for police officer accident with cops RN wife.#AuditAyerPD
year u with ur 6 figure paycheck, have no clue how we make it though with little or no money thanks Obama and Dems
You destroyed my healthcare already. It is cheaper to not have insurance and go to the dr than to have it today for the middle class.
I just want to know why they want to stop the ACA. Do they have a reason? Do they have a plan to make it better?
Hi5 - No wall without healthcare for all
You and @BernieSanders cured my decades of cynicism and apathy. I respect you so much.
THANK YOU! the GOP need to REALIZE that their ratings are starting to FLATLINE and they need REPLACEMENTS!
@SenWarren  for fighting for us
I am with you!   So many people need Obamacare.  It is inhumane to deprive people healthcare!
You gonna do a war dance to the Tom toms for us?
;  just go away. You are not my senator..
Obama already destroyed healthcare goofy Elizabeth
attract young people and you'll win
Too late, Dems already destroyed it with ACA.
Please ask them to explain, on the floor, why they believe I should be denied health care because I had cancer.
Gov does not belong in healthcare! Private providers w menu of prices=competition, cheaper cost to user& less ntl debt
You go girl !

Obama already destroyed healthcare.   How come you didn't stop him.
Thank you Sen. Warren. I will do all I can to help.
Ms Warren, ACA is unsustainable you dingbat. GOP will fix it. I pay WAY more for coverage now than back in 2007. Fail.
Now that theyre no longer trying to keep Obama from winning maybe theyll replace it with a single payer system! #wishfulthinking
voters gave a mandate to stop the damage. Do not force voters into expensive plans and high taxes to pay for diseases.
America looks to you for leadership, Senator Warren! Continue to speak the truth on our behalf.
No senator... do not rescue them. Time for you and Dems to give the reigns to the headless horseman and watch him ride
thank you for that
I will be with you on Sunday.
fight to fix ACA, NOT repeal and later figure it out or not. Thank you!
please fight to fix ACA instead of spending more to replace. Thank you!
why aren't you covered by this great plan? #fraud
this is why granny warren doesn't have Obamacare she's a fake
Thank you Senator Warren.
why aren't more people talking about trumps golden shower videos in Moscow that the kremlin is using to blackmail him
Dems took care of that with ACA in 2010
why didn't you object to the EC certification on 1/6/17 to challenge the election?
7 House members were left dangling.
where the hell you been, over 318m people and u ruin healthcare for 20M some of who had insurance. Your nuts
bless you!
Hey, Lizzy--are ya gonna get out your tomahawk or are u open to a "peace-pipe" session? @SenateGOP
me smokem peace pipe.
Hoping my healthcare improves.  Has went down with Obamacare. So I will fight to fix the system.
you go Mrs.Warren! Fight them tooth and nail! Don't let #OrangeManTrump screw things up!
but u will ignore Am ppl who have lost their doc,their ins, got it.
listen up you stupid twat: 
I lost my insurance. 
I lost my doctor. 
Cost went thru the roof 
Suck on that for a while dumb-ass.
I just bet you will. like fighting for Hillary. And fighting for vote recount. And just plain fighting to be figjhting
Elizabeth will be the next libtard to run for president, lord help us!
I'm not a Rubio fan as he was part of the gang of 8.  I'm still a Ted Cruz supporter
oh my Florida is being taken over by Muslims next thing you know they'll be fighting for Sharia Law.  Thank heavens FL has u
thank you 
No we just don't want our freedoms destroyed
I am not sure what freedoms you are referring to.
please fight as a person with a chronic illness I rely on Medicare.
how about fighting to return our money to Social Security
thank you so much for fighting for us all.
Kind of like Obamacare? You dems screwed the pooch so sit down, shut up and let the GOP try to fix your disaster.
Please continue to fight for us
please do not let them ....no high risk pools...maybe medicare for all? even if you buy in.....before ret age
Our great wall. Go Elizabeth & Dems. Stop GOP from harming us & taking away our healthcare. They do not care!
We elected Trump because Obamacare is a disaster.  We didn't elect him because we wanted him to lay down either!
whats your idea to save broken ACA I can't afford your fixes anymore! I have $5000 deductible good if Catastrophic
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for us!  #resist
u & ur socialist cohorts have already destroyed healthcare in America, so sit down, shut up and stop the lies!
Clearly, u are uninformed ab what a FAILURE it is to MANY AMERICANS!! Millions uninsured b/c it's awful. #REPEALACA @SenateGOP
knick'em out Sen. Warren! We're with you.
We will fight against you on being re-elected
Thank you, thank you, for your courageous and tireless work! May you be successful.
The GOP hasn't any plan to replace ACA.
Thank You, Sen. Warren!
DNC has already destroyed it. It needs to be fixed. You had your 8 years. Let someone else fix your mess!
I truly believe GOD'S Karma: take away people's Healthcare will curse the Healthcare of the military!
The guy who just shot up the FL airport had MILITARY BACKGROUND like many more without Healthcare willbe killing folks
Please do Senator. I feel like you and Bernie are all we have left fighting for us. I miss Hillary and the hope she brought ♡
You go, Elizabeth Warren! You're my shero!
we ready!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We stand with Elizabeth Warren and equality!!
As someone whose parents absolutely need the ACA, I am proud to have senators like Senator Warren fighting for us.
keep up the pressure,forty years as RN I support strengthening of Obama Care. US needs Medicare for all
DEFUND animal ag (http://meat.org  factory-farms, http://taxmeat.com ) that makes fastfood cheaper healthy
why are public funded K-12 (we are childless by choice-overpopulation) schools okay but no health care?
when America go low, Asia will high
As a senior, I am alarmed they will cut SS to.  It is my only means of survival. Cuts in Medicare will also hurt millions of us.
Thank you for fighting for us!!!
;ACA or the unaffordable care act is all about free coverage not healthcare. Hard working Americans get the shaft.
; Warren, another polititian in total denial that the ACA was solely about false coverage, Gov control and taxes.
Too late for that. Obama and the the Dems already screwed it up.
Ty for fighting for those without a voice! @BernieSanders . I'm 400,000$ in debt bc I had the audacity to want to pursue a career
Keep fighting!  Repeal ACA is nuts.
