Comey’s sworn testimony today paints a picture of a President only interested in protecting himself, his aides, & his friends from the law.
That is your own tainted interpretation, since you can not pin point the Russian collusion that you so desired
U are so focused on defending him against Russia allegations that you ignore the obvious ethical disaster and the demeaning of the office
Lets see some evidence
Are you really a pastor? I find it hard to believe anyone who truly tries to emulate Jesus would defend Trump's character.
Trump doesn't need me to defend him,i just see more hate on the liberal side thsn anywhere else,YES,i agree with most of potus policies
So not a pastor then. Being a religious leader is about teaching people about ethics, personal grace and character.
Being a pastor where i come from,means teaching the word of GOD,including respecting and praying for our leaders,what policy offends you ?
Senator Warren please run for president next election
But who is going to protect us from him? I feel like we are being held hostage by a nut job. GOP is deaf to America.
But he is besties w 
Then why are you part of the Dems process trying to stop him from doing so?
His first goal will always be to protect Trump et al.
Trump is the most inexperienced person to ever assume the office of the presidency.
And yet....Amd yet....he defeated "the most qualified person ever to run for President."
Ain't America Great??

Sorry, not this president !
Need trustworthy staff for that. Pres Trump inherited quite a sick country and world scape wouldn't you say? HRC and Obama take a bow.
He is! Protecting from threats to his wealth and ego.
Yes it is. So why are You impeding the progress? Retire
I agree! We need to end unrestricted immigration to the US immediately! #Fauxchohontas
Like issuing a travel ban from countries known to have lots of terrorists?
Or deporting Illegal aliens who are criminal offenders for more than being here illegally?
Unfortunately, he's our biggest threat.
Yes!!
Then why are you and your constituents holding him back?
Thanks for supporting to build the wall and to build up the military.
Whatever you say Pocahontas
well said
You should have done that when your party was in office for 8 years. Hinesite is a way of Seeing what your party did wrong
Hypocrite!! What have the Dems done to protect our country? Please tell me! I'll wait. Facts though! I'm quite sure I won't get an answer!
You and your ilk are the threat and the threat will be eliminated
The first job of the President of the United States – the first job – is to protect this nation from threats. 
So why no travel ban!
Because 1st amendment.
What does the first amendment have to do with a travel ban. It doesn't grant you a right to visit Syria.
Trump started this "Ban all Muslims" b4 switching to "temporary travel ban on 7 no 6 mostly Muslim countries".

Fruit of the poison tree, yo
Still banning travel to terrorists supporting countries have nothing to do with 1a.
It's people like you who are the real threats to the United States and to the tradition of the American people
Trump is the threat to all people in America
Surely @BarackObama knew of Russia meddling during the campaign? Surely Fmr.Dir.Comey would have told him? Why not say anything then?
He had never done that
And you block him from doing that at every turn,electing instead to stand with the terrorists trying to kill us,and funding them! #IranDeal
If that were true,  then they need to get rid of you first!!!!
What should you do when the President himself is the biggest threat to your security?
Take to the streets, strike, shut America down until he is removed.
We decided not to travel the US until he is gone.  Our tourism dollars are going elsewhere.  I know many Canadians feel this way (sorry, eh)
Well ty for not visiting our country. We would prefer not to have ppl like you here & we will hardly miss your dollars. Thanks again! 
You, Ms. Warren, r being ridiculous &hypocritical in your assessment. Your silence at Obama giving billions to our adversary speaks volumes.
Correct.  Hence the travel ban.  DUH
And YOU are a hypocrite (and crazy).
Next to ISIS the biggest threats to the USA are the Dems/Libs and the MSM!
sooooooo..... a travel ban.
Like giving Iran a nuke. Cause we had ‘em?
Remember when u fight for women's equal pay and then u got caught paying women that work for u just 70% of what a man makes? 
Glad you're finally coming around and seeing the purpose of @POTUS #TravelBan #MarchAgainstSharia #MAGA
That's why travel ban is good for all!
Our @POTUS fails!!!
The first job of the President is to uphold the Constitution, actually.
Wow!  You're a genius!  When did this occur to you?  So help @realDonaldTrump do it instead of obstructing!
Agree, thats why we need travel ban and extreme vetting. Pay attention whats going on in rest of world.
But if the President himself is the threat, how can this threat be removed?
Sooo to protect us from himself
I said the same thing. Lol
Hahaha great minds
Nope. It's called "GROUP THINK",  and it's killing our country. Be a free thinker. Quit being a blind sheep follower.
Sir you don't have to agree no one asked u to- we happened to be of like mind and are embracing it
Its fine, but I get sick and tired of people putting me down simply because I support Trump. Liberals do it all the time. I try to be fair.
I'm just tired of all the hate and anger so why not agree to disagree
I would be scared if I was Trump. So many crazy people these days. I just want the country to do better. Obama tried to destroy it! 
Yet you hate the wall and travel ban.
Your a complete joke to the American people.  Grow the hell up! You have no clue what America needs! Shame on you !
This is our President. Sad and sickening. How will the following generations judge us
Right, Lock up Hillary and gang 1st, then you and pelosi for treason and dismantel the dnc as a terrorist organization. Sounds like a plan.
A true American would agree. Best tweet that says the truth. Dems are political terrorist and their party needs to go away a true American
Not this one. His first job is to fluff his laughably fragile ego. His second is to enrich himself and his family. Then the country, meh
its refreshing to have a Pres who is proud of his country, doesn't apologize for USA being number 1, & is a non globalist!
The problem is, is that the current POTUS, IS the main threat!
What???? Are you sure it isn't to get great jobs for your friends and family?  Or open the back door for dictators who give you compliments?
And this president has many concerns...except Russia. He's thrown more shade at celebrities than Putin.
So...when does he lock you up?
The fake president IS the greatest threat to this country. Protecting America from this threat requires only impeachment and a U-Haul.
And the first job of a Senator is to represent ALL of her constituents, not just the ones she agrees with, and not just her own agenda
Thanks for waking up. So support the POTUS & stop obstructing him in this crucial mission.
Like the threat of Jihad? I'm glad you agree. Now let's close the border.
You mean all your threats
what you really mean is "threats to Hilary's
ascent to the throne.
Potus is trying to keep America safe but you obstructionists keep planting roadblocks.  Any incidents/failures are on YOU!
And the biggest threat to the US  - the biggest threat - are Democrat politicians!  Politicians like Warren, Pelosi, Schumer, Waters, et al!
Then support the travel ban and support charges against COMEY! Back your mouth up!
But he is so stupid does he even know what a threat is after all he has no experience and doesn't understand civics or the laws
Dear Twitter,  please flag the "bot/fake" accounts so we know there are actual people behind a tweet.
You mean like having a sensible, temporary travel ban in place? Boy you're stupid.
So....you would be for a travel ban until we can figure things out? That would be awesome! You should support it. 
9/11 will happen again if dems won't acknowledge the threat overseas

Like #Comey and #Progressives?
Yes, it is.  I expect you to condemn lawless, liberal judges, and advocate their impeachment.
Agreed. Who's first job is it to protect the nation from the President of the United States ?
What do you think he's been trying to do? You haters are the ones halting his travel ban & do not want the wall! #MAGA
Walt Kelly's comic strip "Pogo" main character said: "We have met the enemy and he is us!" That's Trump!
He is the threat
Funny, Liz.
 I get the same thing from listening to congressional Democrats these days.
He tried. The hypocrats. Yes hypocrats.  Stopped him. Liberals are shit
Seth Rich.
How can he when all u leftists block everything he tries to do. You are the problem not him
RIght. Yet you celebrate when Trump's travel ban is struck down while advocating for open borders. Please. Go away.
SO disappointing, that after all this time, you still do not seem to get it.
and you liberal progressive, democrats will not let him do his job. It says to me that you hate America, Americans Citizens.
But the problem is that the President himself is the greatest threat to democracy and the rule of law.
OMG I know you did not just say this, wow the looney left!!!#Covfefe
no it's to uphold the Constitution of the United States.
#TheResistance
Unlike your king Obama... how many times were we attacked under his watch?
He's the threat and it's incumbent on Congress to take the lead but @SpeakerRyan is all party over country so we are screwed
You were the first in line with your poster board protesting it. GET OUT!!
Demonstrates are the reason this country has a threat of terrorism. Get off your stool of do nothing and be for the American people.
So, if that were the kiss, he would have to kill himself.
One thing Trump didn't do was to pretend to be an Indian to get special privilege
I bet that money Obama gave to Iran makes us real safe.  You didn't send up one smoke signal about that.
Good god, then you should be IN Gitmo to protect the world from your insane politics. #LyingLibs #Hypocrits
Except he has ties to the threats (russia) & so does most of his #swampcabinet! 
#impeachtrumpNOW #imepqachtrumpNOW #trumprussia #trumpLIES
No evidence there! But who has ties to Islamic terrorists, giving billions to Iran, making it PI to name them, Americans afraid to protest!
..and your job is not to lie, steal, and cheat as a PUBLIC elected official. STHU.
So why did Obama not do that with Russia or Isis?
Funny you would say that since he's been blocked by the circuit courts on his ban on immigration from certain countries.
then why did Hillary sell our uranium?
Like the threat of your party standing with  dishonest media to falsely impeach him. while he establishs a new peace in Mid East protect all
With all the dumb comments you make I wonder how you ever made it into your current position?  Lots of naive people out there.
How is he going to protect us from him? Perhaps he could self deport.
So what does he do when he's seen as the threat?    anyone who threatens him? We the people are screwed until u the Senate Impeach Trump!
Then why are u against the travel ban??  U don't make any sense!!!
Then why is this wench against a border wall and travel bans? Nasty Woman is going to do great in 2020. I truly hope she and Maxine run.
Like undocumented illegal aliens?
Liz, stop undermining the WILL OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Agreed but what can we do about it ?
How is it that our President NEVER asked the FBI how to protect the United States  from future interference from Russia!?!?! 
Only if #PseudoLiberals of #World & #America will let him do. I appreciate @realDonaldTrump 's will power and bold step.
He is the threat!
Unfortunately we have a @POTUS  that welcomes our enemies with open arms!
Help get on the business of marking America safe again. Quit supporting terrorist!
too bad you liberals won't let him.
As Trump does BUT who knew 2 protect USA from threats & destruction of health & security meant stopping YOU Dems & Elites from your SEDITION
That is what he is trying to do Pocahontas. Hello, where have you been ?
And the first job of this president is to make money on his presidency... The American dream... sounds familiar?
yes, we call it a #TravelBan
What if that threat is himself?
the president himself is the biggest threat.
That's right. Thats why he was looking into voter fraud because of Clinton, Comey & Russians.
He's trying but you counter productive dems, little d, keep obstructing him! We the people say stop! America first!
You are an OBSTRUCTIONIST, Senator! Worse than a child, you throw tantrums & bawl when your side loses. Get over your sorry-self!
He's trying to do just that! You hypocritical liberals and the GOP rinos keep obstructing everything he wants to do to keep us safe.
Potus is the biggest threat to these United States of America.  #GodHelpUsAll
And on that front, Trump is a yuuuuge failure , folks. A DISASTER.
Radical Islamists Terrorists!
A.k.a travel ban.  #9thCircuit
Please Senator Warren your US citizens refugees & immigrants planted on r soil look 4 yr protection from criminals & terrorists *+*
not like Obama pocahantas.
And he is trying, despite your obstruction! FBI couldn't protect us from Russian interference so Comey needed to be fired! JUST for THAT !
I don't see many bigger threats to US we'll being than the President. Whose job is it to protect us from him?
Our current president is the threat
Then help out don't be a loser. Travel ban good thing.  Immigration good thing get on board with the winning team for America.
Hello? Trump has been trying to save America from danger from day 1. You have done everything you could to stop it! Get with Trump then ok?
So he should kick you out of America!!!
Foriegn and demostic. I know I read that somewhere?
Who is gonna protect us from the President of the United States? I wish that was sarcasm...but it's not.
You mean protect our country FROM YOU!!! YOUR LEFTIST UNHINGED IDIOCY IS GOING TO BE THE UNDOING OF AMERICA U JCKASS!!!!
Then help him to do so. Stop #obstucting and get to work!! #MAGA
Then why are you lefties standing in the way?
Yeah Pocahontas. Get out of the way so he can
Poor thing doesn't know just how completely ignorant she is. #Fauxcahontas #lunaticleft
Give it a rest.  He is trying to do what we the people ask him to do.   Work with him
The second job of the president is to tell the truth...Comey says Trump is a liar and that's now out there for all to see
I agree, at this juncture, the President is the threat.
Not going to happen. Especially if other countries can pay him. Why is nobody doing anything but complain? Stop talking and take action.
Pay him? He's been putting a stop to all our $ going to other countries! Too bad he can't get the billions Obama gave to Iran!
If the Left didn't keep blocking the travel ban he would be taking a huge step. Unfortunately complaining is more important to you people.
And that includes himself, his family and his White House and the heads of all agencies because right now #TheyLieDaily #TheyMakeMoneyDaily
Based on this tweet your reasoning for opposing the #travelban is .... what exactly?
But you and your buddies get in the way. What's wrong with the temporary #TravelBan again? #TrumpVindicated what's next? #Obstruction?
Lizzy,  our Wonderful President Trump is trying to protect the US! But you demorats just keep obstructing him and Justice! DISGUSTING
someone will have to potty train him first.
you are so right I hope and pray that the true story comes to light and nail him
Tell that to the 9th,their the ones fighting against so security
Go home! Public Service isn't meant to last 30 years Pocahontas!!!!
@POTUS has been. #Democrats are nothing but #obstructionist. Everytime you open your mouth #Pocahontas you spew #hatepropaganda
No Russian collusion?, how can that be after all you left wing liberals and news media have preaching this shit for the last year.
And he just doesn't care if the Russians interfered. Go figure.
You're a fool!  Go away
So, @realDonaldTrump, turn yourself in. It is the only thing you would ever do in your life that would qualify as a service to your country.
He's trying. How about tell the 9th circuit about his Constitutional right to ban travel.
And to follow the laws of thecountry
You might want to the the 4th and 9th circuit courts this.
Hes trying. You obstruct him. So damn bias you can't see straight.
He did just that when he trounced @HillaryClinton #MAGA
President Trump is the ONLY person trying to keep this nation safe & u people r getting in the way of that. Shut the hell up w/ ur hypocrisy
Trump is the BIGGEST threat!
You all do remember when Obama laughed about Russia. Right?
This guy invites threats, putting us all in danger.
Yeah, but after golf and chocolate cake, right?
