"Trash people"...

Lib discourse at its finest, from the top of the lib middle heap.

Settle down, fauxahontas...
Aww!! The poor snowflakes are really upset tonight!! Say it with me Libtards!! Trump is the POTUS!! 
LOL! 

A lib trying to school me about christianity....

Hilarious!!!
Suuuuuure you are...
Like Obamacare?
sen warren you should get a life
you're an angry elf
oh boy .  You have to be the biggest sore loser yet LMAO
What have you ever done to save Americans a dime?
He already saved us $700 Million on our F-35 Fighters
and how much on the wall...oh my bad, Mexico is paying for it 
actually yes that's what Nieto asked Trump not to talk about it Public Do try and keep up gimp
FYI, so-called president  @realDonaldTrump is a gay supporter. Donated for gay causes too
They have a right to be protected they're Americans or did you forget Orlando?
nah, just didn't think "God" would like the gays getting married & all
If you have a problem with GOD that's your issue nothing to do with previous tweets
is GOD cool with gays getting married thou? Do you know?
Here's an idea, Mrs.Warren, stop sending millions to other countries to try and buy peace.Stop 2 billion $ deals
with IRAN. Imagine the amounts of money that could be put to use on our deficit.  It's simple, common sense.
how much credit did you fail to disclose?   The mirror stares back with your hypocrisy
How disengenious of Liz Warren. SHe is a multi Millionaire acting like she is ONE OF THem> POLITICAL WHORE
Liawatha you should stop writing regulations that make companies leave America
what should we do? Talking abt him is brutally pointless. Is there real hope Senator, or r we clearly outnumbered,outstrategized?
You make my day!!!!
<----should listen to voters, they voted
you are aware only the electoral got his ass in the door right? Or are you basing this on #alternatefacts ?
@MusicKillsKate @realDonaldTrump you mean the mess that has been created by the previous POTUS
we don't need regulations to educate. RIA's are all over, right now, and have a fiduciary duty to you, and your
I can't stand this woman. She is a loud mouth blow hart. Where do they get these numbers? Fake news!
"White House Bully," while @SenateMajLdr McConnell is the "Captial Hill Bully!" Both must go!
and why ain't you listening to http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2271455/Revealed-How-immigrants-America-sending-120-BILLION-struggling-families-home.html … and http://themengesproject.blogspot.com/2008/10/chinas-control-of-panama-canal.html … and http://www.worldthinktank.net/pdfs/TheFlowofTrade.pdf …
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
warren you waste tax payer money protesting everything and accomplish nothing! America spoke in voting booth!
America; telling women to sit down and shut up since 1776.  Godspeed Elizabeth Warren.  You inspire women everywhere every day.
Trump's CORRUPT. Violates the constitution the moment he swore to defend it. He's illegitimate and WEAK.
We r smart enough to have FULL DISCRETION over our investments, not your low IQ, tax payer robbing bureaucrats.
Watch out for demise of Net Neutrality. It will mean big money for Verizon, Comcast ... screws consumers.
to fair, he is listening to companies. Well one company - Goldman Sachs.
he has not even been in power for a year.he should rather correct your messes that's what you should say
whaaaaaa?
Senator Warren, you are a brave and noble #american. #Mahalo #Aloha for what you do #ImpeachTrump #resist #elizabethwarren
piss off chief!!!!You lied to steal money from the tax payers to get a FREE EDUCATION...you are a liar and thief
doesn't care tho...he's a billionaire. Real problems don't exist to him
@Mystical_Moons @realDonaldTrump He won't - come on now. We need some real tactics here. With all due respect, Senator Warren. 
"BULL"
I have not heard anyone spoke about tax payers footing a $3million bill for trump son to go abroad to do business for themselves?
Yes Please. Please hold hearings,Please expose the truth,Please uncover the secrets. Please protect our country
The @realDonaldTrump doesn't give a shit!!! @SenWarren ! Why talk like he does? Only action and obstructionism is going to change history!
Please help us stop Delusional Donald Trump from making the top 3% great again at the expense of the common man
How is that 1.5 million dollar credit line from @BankofAmerica?
thank you for always speaking up. Your tireless work is amazing and appreciated!
What you are asking is impossible. He cannot hear the voices outside of his own head. #ImpeachTrump
the guy has yet to meet a conflict of interest he didn't immediately fall in love with...
he will hear it if we have to shove it down his throat
don't you have a credit line in the millions you NEVER reported, don't talk the talk when u don't walk the walk
what about fiduciary liability for those that aren't advisors?
Our "so called" President should just STOP. He is unfit and dangerous. Impeach trump already
He won't listen, Senator. He's incapable of it. You and all Dems need to vote against anything this asshole is for. All the time.
Trump could give two shits about Americans and their money - unless it's flowing into his own pocket. Or Jared Kushners...
Lottery Start to School!
Where do you get these facts. Oh, not facts, you're making this fit your agenda. I get it.
u need to read up on what's being done.
He appointed a bunch of rich fucks who don't give a fuck about anyone in this country. So... wouldn't bet on it.
as a financial advisor I could not agree more!
refer to him with the RESPECT he is THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!!
umm no.
Annnnnnd she's OFF! Off to the next BULLSHIT obstruction argument  #POCAHONTAS #
apparently you don't understand what's happening with this issue. I doubt u have $ to invest tho.
He listens to crazyass Bannon.  At least do your own dirty work, coward.  Sad.
USA spends$14b & bets $4.7b on the Super Bowl alone. Conflicted advice is only part of our issues.
Please get back to losing committee votes #MAGA #MAGAXXL
@dgarrick5534 thank you for your fight we thank you. We stand with you. Senator Warren.
WHY DO U GUYS KEEP ACTING LIKE THIS IS A NORMAL SITUATION! He is mentally ill & GOP is using him 4 their agenda.
I think consumers should follow the executive example and not pay taxes.  What would that do to the economy?
#PresidentBannnon another win for your cronies 
or maybe he can just quit.a lot easier
DJT listen? Ur jokin arent u?  He does not care abt the wkng class at all he wants his way or the highway
Nonsense.
you are a herb
lost it where? I'm not saying it's untrue but what r u talking about ? #facts
first lady suing as she cant profit off her being first lady Disgusting
fake statistics. You don't know how this works, do you?
please create legislation mandating All presidents divest in business interests. Also look at Melina's lawsuit
impeach
Embarrassed that @SenRonJohnson and @RepGrothman don't agree.
If he does it'll be a miracle, and undercut his plan to turn the clock waaayyyy back.
Where do those $$ come from? I want facts..by the way,I am a fiduciary and conduct myself as such.
the $is lost from individuals investing.Financialadvisors having no lawsto keep them from steering us wrong 4 their gain.
thank you Senator Warren. There are many of us that really appreciate your hard work.
We are partially a Kleptocracy. 1% make all the rules. Middle-class will not survive. #TheResistance
#IStandWithTrump
He campaigned as the someone who would help the common man: He is CLEARLY  Liar!!!!!!
LOTS of things he SHOULD do but he won't. Who are Dems grooming for 2018 and 2020 elections to reinstate sanity?
Unfortunately, the scammers, robbers & thieves are in charge. Let the consumer BEWARE!
are you familiar with Sebastian Gorkus? Another white supremacist. When is congress going to stand up and stop this?
The harder you try the more you lose.  You are unnecessary baggage to your party.  Gey the hint.
You're ridiculous.  Thinking of moving to MA so that I can vote against you.
WARREN 2020
He. Doesn't care about consumers.  He cares about his Wall Street vultures.
dear senator. u MUST ask Trump on senata floor - how many illegals r working in his businesses?
POTUS only gets real facts from his own brain. POTUS is looking to screw the little people that got him elected.
You should go home! You're DONE!
are those same companies you accused as greedy and not trustworthy?
but he doesn't care, so yeah.
but 150 billion taxpayer dollers to Iran is ok. #ResignNow
, @realDonaldTrump should listen to @aarp: "EO hurts middle class Americans" https://www.facebook.com/AARPadvocates/posts/10154753191681355 … #aarp #seniors @gop
Really.  But the truthbof the matter, he is doing it his way.(Didnt he dance 2 that, so why are we suprised)NOT
a party that ran a candidate who supports partial birth abortions doesn't get to claim moral highground. Sit down and shut up
STOP HIM. DRAG HIM
HE'S GOING TO DETROY US. Stop playing his game . OBSTRUCT, RESIST. SAY NO. EF NO
But ...who will steal our money and crash our economy again?!? This is exactly what Trump wants. #TheResistance
Liz, you know he's not capable of that! Better luck talking to a wall!!
You might stop teaching one class at Harvard for $400K+ per year, too, but then. . .
Thank you for taking on this issue.  It's important to families.
And you shouldn't have collected 350k to teach 1 class
@MaryMarybrogdon @realDonaldTrump but we all know trump listens to no one.
Doesn't matter that he listens to no one. He and his team will all be dumped. I am waiting. He is in trouble.
I hope you are right
I do too. The alternative position is unthinkable.
sadly he won't because he never listens to anyone. His monstrous ego won't let him accept advice from anyone.
But his financial advisors are his friends! With nice businesses!
How Much Business have you brought into Massachusetts Liz ? How Many Jobs have You Created ..I'll wait  
oh Beth...everything you touch turns into a loser. How are all those confirmations going?
you had no problem with Obama doubling our national debt, but now your worried about spending. Political hack.
How about .gov activity losing us over $1 trillion a year (and rising)?
He doesn't care.
senators should proceed with inquires as he continues to make a profit. #EmolumentsClause #Resist
Pocahontas go pee in your teepee
and u should have listened to the people when we said #NeverHillary #BernieOrBust now look what you've done
yes, he should. but we both know he won't. so step up and take action.
of course he doesn't believe in 'conflicts of interest'
Respectfully I submit that he doesn't give two shits
your $17 Billion is a fabrication. Can you be truthful for once. Also please stop wasting taxpayer money CFPB!
u r a joke Pocahontas
What does he really care? He's a billionaire and doesn't care about us @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
#WarrenPeace
i dont know how you do it.  i am feeling defeated and exhausted by his stupidity.  Shame on America
Lime Donny will listen to anyone 
the failing Donald is huuuuge loser and #FreeMelania
BIG FAIL ON DEVOS..DEMS. CAN MAKE NOISE,BUT UR POWERLESS.2018 U R LOSING MORE SEATS.NEED TO CHANGE UR WAYS OF DOING BIZ>DEM VOTER
I think his listening to the people/consumers is what got him elected.
What a burden it must be to for you to believe you have to be responsible for all these stupid investor peons.
Stop telling the squirrel in chief to do stuff.  He will not.  Get those idiots who did not vote to do so next.
she says he's only looking out for corporate interests then tells him to listen to corporations 
why stop criminals as long as they make profits
No 1 listens 2 you. Empty Vessel Warren. What's your plan? Where can we find it? Any cosponsored legislation?
the plan was already in place saving Americans millions of dollars from predatory financial advice.
Elizabeth for Prez 2020! Or sooner #DumpTrump
you think u have won. We shall see
How much do your fell good laws cost American families every year?
Tiny Hands should do a lot of things, like #1 PROTECT THE CONSTITUTION &#2 RESIGN
he should do a lot of things. The Republicans will help impeach him eventually.
Shut your cake hole you shrill shrew. Can't wait for you re-election race! It's not looking good. @realDonaldTrump
we all know how polls work. Next
I see your losing in Massachusetts!  Winning! Getting rid of you is part of #maga Buy bye!!
Isn't there enough dirt to impeach this buffoon on yet?
lol good try
you should mind your business
well no one wants to listen to you sooo? Just sayin!
Those who criticize you for standing up to Financial Companies screwing Americans are THE problem.
Warren thank you for your voice & using it. You're a leader of America, who properly knows how to use their platform.
That’s were he’s getting all that cash to fill the swamp.
Indeed
Sanders/Warren 2020 pls, no way this joke gets a second term
Elizabeth Warren shd listen to the real Americans. Dems have lost over 1000 seats under ur watch Elizabeth.
you have done nothg for senate before Dt. Youll do nothing after. Resign
Or, the @DNC could take a lesson from its constituents and actually do more than just talk. #Resist
@realdonaldtrump@dacullington /2, fiduciary rule helps seniors! Repeal of Dodd-Frank would crush low-mid class too in buying
. Consumers trust Trump. They dont trust likes of you Madam.Let the country run peacefully.
just stop talking to them. Stop. Stop. Stop.
I'm sure sure he really gives a crap about consumers
