Yup that's what happens when you sign shit u didn't read
According to this new healthcare bill people with pre-existing conditions deserve to die. Even if I have health insurance which I do
Deserve to or will eventually?  Pretty sure nobody saying deserves to die ur hyperbole is hyperboiling over the purvebeal pot
Being one of these people with preexisting conditions... I am not speaking hyperbole. these fuckers are saying let me die.
Also: many of these fucks making policy ascribe to the idea that if you're sick you are morally bankrupt and deserve to be sick
So they can go fuck themselves
U may want to take this up w/ Pocahontas she got ur hopes up signing something she didn't read. Now the big Kids have to clean up the mess
Pocahontas? How about use names of the people involved
2 month gap before I turn 65 could cost me $6000.
This is just nightmarish! Unforgivable.
Yeah being responsible and having insurance my whole adult life.....companies can just pull out of my part of Colorado anytime they want
Horrible. These Repubs want to take our insurance bc it is @POTUS 44 Accomplishment! They side w/ins. co!
Insur. co's had a big hand in setting up ACA. & was making  for doing relatively little with no http://oversight.GOP  is flaming out
@SenFranken OK Warren and Franken give me and ALL Americans the same healthcare YOU have for the price YOU pay. #UcareAboutDreamersMore
Well Pocahontas, why is it that Medicaid, i.e. welfare has better coverage than TriCare the military insurance for retirees?
Medicaid is only good if you have the best doctors. And the best doctors don't take Medicaid! I have Emblem health under ACA. Fix that!
My sister in law is on Medicaid and have incredible doctor's.  Maybe we're just lucky in our area.
I agree
Please. Don't believe Rand Paul He voted for the last repeal and he will do the same this time! Just holding out for more money!
Plz answer: why do Graham & Cassidy think this will work after all blowback from same type in pastReal ?   I want to understand.
There r 'bribes/honey pots' aimed at the senators that voted 'no'  last go-round. Follow the $$/funding! $ FROM CA/NY & TO AZ/AK-mccain/murk
Keep fighting, Elizabeth!!!

Gentlemen since it s a bill by men, usually penises are well covered. Think again. https://twitter.com/pierremwest/status/910049864473595904 …

Try being a woman ....
Please oppose this bill to the maximum extent po5

BREAKING: These patient groups are taking a stand against #GrahamCassidy, urging Congress to #ProtectOurCare and continue bipartisan efforts 
Except for Republican Senators and House members, of course, who get TAXPAYER PAID health insurance for their ENTIRE LIVES.
are you lying again?
Liar. Shut up Pocahontas. How can we believe anything you say?
Stop acting like your Donnie!  See what u say after a family member is killed after he gets USA in WW III
Someone has to clean up the mess Obama and his pitiful Sec of State left us with
Think about that statement then read a news paper today!
Hey @sharm59 please spend your time more wisely . Maybe go somewhere and cry over the loss ten months later. You're just petty at this point
Please Support the Obamacare REPEAL! Medicaid is better than Obamacare &  Vets have the VA for FREE. Expand VA  to Vets children & Spouse
Those selfish pricks.
@maziehirono @SenateGOP Anything the Republican Party can do screw over the poor and middle class they support. Wake up America.
Does 20 Trillion mean anything?
Because fuck people like me with pre-existing conditions. According to my own senator ( @DeanHeller ) I deserve to die for not being rich
Yep...it is a bad idea again!
Rally the troops folks, once more into the breech to stop ignorance in its tracks and protect ourselves and our families health&wellbeing
Block all the way to its death
So it's worse than before?
I called my senators and I will call again!
Yet another @BarackObama roll back...
Sad!
#TheResistance #Resist
Trillions in debt what are you doing to fix this issue?
Of course. Republicans don't care about people. They care about numbers.
only numbers they care about, # of $$ any rep who is not a junior has a lot of money for someone with a job that gives middle class wages
This will kill me, literally, not figuratively.
What is the gop trying to prove
The same b.s. again 
Can the not stop the stupidity
.@senategop, did u know anxiety exacerbates health of #cysticfibrosis patients? Stop trying 2 rip away healthcare #cfadvocacy @CF_Foundation
Please push the Senate to take action. 3/
We have stayed silent before and we cannot do so anymore. If we can't stand against ethnic cleansing, what will we stand for. 2/
Senator Warren, I appeal to your good conscience to make a stand against the ethnic cleansing taking place in Myanmar. 1/
GOOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
See how much it impacts blue states...not just those with pre- existing conditions but also if they develop anything they raised the premium
I hope congress can see this as plainly as you state it. The ACA can use some me help against the orange idiot. But it's not this bad!
Lie lie lie scare tactics and you also a baby killer
Lie lie lie you're nothing but a baby killer

Just faxed my reps of #Texas @RepBrianBabin @tedcruz @JohnCornyn to vote no. Maybe they'll finally listen to their constituents.
Why?  Lizzie doesn't listen to hers!
Counting on you to help stop this (again).  The American people deserve much better
Pre existing conditions start in the womb! It's called HEREDITY!
Done
Saddens me greatly. I will have to forego health insurance. I pay taxes, save for retirement, good citizen. Why am I penalized for doing rt?
No ACA repeal

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump Pence Ryan McConnel Kushner Dvoss Session all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging & voting for ACA repeal
What is it with the f-in GOP that they hate sick & poor people so much. Is their money so important that they are willing to kill for it.
@SenWarren , do you think we can count on any GOP senators to vote no this time? @SenJohnMcCain , please don't let them do this to us.
.@BillCassidy thinks state legislators like Dee Richard are responsible enough 2 fund healthcare/spend block grants
If govt healthcare is so good, why did the dems that  created this monstrosity exempt themselves from it.
Well now you're just lying.pre-existing conditions are covered. Show me the bill that you have seen that says this
No, ACA cut medicare and Medicaid.  ACA is an over priced govt forced, govt overtake and, govt destruction of healthcare
Quit lying!!  That's all you Democrats do is lie to people.  Those that won't have healthcare is because they don't want to spend the money!
You lie.
The passage of this bill would be disastrous for the American people
Graham-Cassidy has no heart. Remember the woman w/a bleeding issue? Her cost was to sin no mo. You would have her to bled to death.
Pretty sure they did not have tampons in the days of JESUS CHRIST. Dam certain Christ was not given a tampon as he was gutted on the cross.
Looks like some want the is rance company's to profit more.
Insurance*
And you think this is right, @marcorubio?  Your response plz!
Same old same old. They want us to die. Period. Republicans HATE Americans.
I know when you are young & healthy, working every day, you never expect to wake up in renal failure, never able to work again.
No it makes ppl attempt to at least try to contribute to society by getting a job
Can the GOP do anything helpful or does every bill and proposal have to hurt people?
Kind of like Obamacare hurt millions?  Passed 100% by democrats

@LindseyGrahamSC when did you really start to hate America? I sincerely want to know. That you'd bankrupt AMERICANS w-preexisting conditions
And bribes senators in red states. This is WRONG! Please call. And call again.
The people will remember and decide in the end who gets to keep there jobs
Stop lying...
Please keep fighting strong for us!!
As I've always said, just strip me of my i.d. & throw me on a curb. Let the government pay for my death they caused
Good job pointing out one good thing about a bill full of nonsense for nothing more than some politicians personal gain!
Really disgusted w the GOP more than ever these days. They really hate Americans.
Specifically to @SenateGOP We will not accept any form of TrumpCare!! Not now and after the 2018 election it should no longer be a problem!
ITS GENOCIDE. Hello Adolf Trump and the fascist Republicans. Actually there won't be a republic if they get their way. Study history
U may thing  I'm harsh. Student of history and there r too many parallels to Germany 1930
This woman, (with obvious physical maladies), shown attending the MOAR yesterday, should know/understand this info!
#SadTrumpettes
She is part of Trump's dumbed down constituents.
No
Sen Warren, I thought you were the big financial watchdog.
You let Equifax compromise all of our personal information.
Fun to blame others!
Any government healthcare program will only provide inferior foreign doctors who work cheap.  Quality of U.S. healthcare will tumble!
I'm calling   I'm writing   daily   who else
Graham is another rich con man. Why do assholes like him get elected? People are so stupid in this Country.
Medicaid wAs expanded by obama to include people that were never intended to be covered by the system originally.That insured the system end
Republicans are obsessed, no doubt. A new healthcare bill again and again. Give it up, we don't want it. Spoiled brats not getting their way
I do not think this serves the interests of the people especially those at lower economic tier whose very lives are at stake.Unconscionable
Homeless, and now I have to worry about losing my healthcare and ending up in a wheelchair because I'm not rich? It's bullshit
I pay a deductible of $10,000 so I can "lower" my premium to $800 a month. This is so I can pay for others' Free healthcare. FAIR?
That is horrible.  I did not know it was that bad.  We have to better as a country.
I have MS and I'm handicapped, my medicine is over a 2 grand a month and I am waiting for disabled housing to come thru before I end up 1/2
Encourage more people to get off welfare.
Kill Bill!
I fail to understand how cutting Medicaid will help the hospitals to get paid.  It will stall hospital profits.
Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to disAPPitchfork everybody you meet.
We can not let anything pass that TAKES AWAY from our citizens. Why do these Republicans have our own people in their cross-hairs?
So proud that Poccahantes is funding my Senate campaign!!!
more fake news
If ACA is so good, why was Congress exempt from it?
Congress is not exempt, they subscribe. In fact, more than once this year they have voted to keep ACA protections for themselves.
Sorry but Sen Reid & Obama exempted Congress. Go look it up.
You need to look it up, you are incorrect.

No it won't.
You and your fellow criminals the Democrats have ruined health care for all of us. You should have kept your grubby fingers out of it. #MAGA
And Americans know you @DNC own

 obama care you own it you fix it 

.
what else is new? Gonna NOT cap premiums so the ins cos RULE everything so we lose what little we gained!
WE WANT A UNIVERSAL PLAN 4 HC- took the 1st step w/Obama, IMPROVE IT- dont dismantle it!
Tell me why they think this is good? Who does this benefit?
Insur Comps consider everything a pre-existing condition: ever have allergies, or upper-resp-infection? Pre-exist cond
HERE WE GO AGAIN!! CAN'T LET THESE SOBS SCREW US OVER ON OUR HEALTHCARE TO GET MORE MONEY FOR THEMSELVES!! ASTRONOMICALLY GREEDY SOBS!!!
@SenWarren @SenateGOP It's as if @BillCassidy heard the story from @jimmykimmel and thought, man, I wish that kid had died. Here's a bill.
Congress is idiotic. If u want to subsidize lower income people do so. Stop writing regulation more than 2 pages that u don't understand.
F U pocahontas
@SenateDems @SenateGOP - Democrats passing Obama care really screwed the public will we listen again probably not !
I know you're fighting this with all you have, Senator. Thank you.

It's better if you just go away because it is obvious you don't know what you are talking about, and all you do is make noise.
If this bill passes, I will be one of the many that die!
Just evil enough that @AdamKinzinger and rest of #GOP will give it a shot.  Can we skip to the 3rd movie of the trilogy where good wins?
Again? This is getting so tiring. Is that the GOP's plan? To annoy is til we just give up?
@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell  it's time for you two to SPEAK OUT against #GrahamCassidy for Washington!
Poor researcher.. Obama care is collapsing leaving millions with no health care.. work on new health care and stop crying..
It also sends a ton of money to South Carolina. Shame on @LindseyGrahamSC for cheap pork barrel politics that will kill people.
I've said it before, you really need to make a bigger distinction between millions of uninsured, and millions of uninsurABLE.
I guess most seniors will have to move overseas to get proper healthcare.  Pathetic.
Okay and your plan is too, it's okay you don't have one just keep the same one we have that is costing Americans everything
#iamapreexistingcondition. Idiopathic autoimmune hemolytic anemia. In remission, for now.
More fake news
Remember  pocahontas, people before politics. U want the poor and uneducated vote by giving away the middle classes money. We all know that.
No no it doesn't.
How can theythink this is right
So it's the same crap as before. What is WITH THESE MEN?!?!? They must not have children or humanity...or pumpkin spice latte
Well done @LindseyGrahamSC Trying to legislate cruelty? How do you sleep at night? USA deserves reps worthy of office. #2018 #Karma
Medicaid should be cut! Way, way, way to generous when illegals get it!!!!
The GOP doing their best to stab the American people in the back again!
It's full frontal stabbing now.  They don't even care if we know they're hideous.
How many times does the majority of the population have to beg for our lives? We are all suffering from PTSD every time we're threatened.
The bill is being rammed down quietly under the cover of Crazy POTUS' tweets, hurricanes, North Korea & other yet 2 b ginned up scandals
These GOP scumbags need a reality check in '18.
The House and the Senate should have to take whatever Healthcare plan they pass. If it's "good enough" for us, it's good enough for them.
@sengraham2016 would cut M'caid: a lot of S.Carolinians... Of course no one is SC has a pre-existing condition.  Why the inhumanity? Lobby?
As a cancer survivor of 5 yrs who just watch a friend not make it.  THANK YOU Elizabeth!
#Graham and Cassidy are fucking Idiots!!
Shut up!
The @SenateGOP excuse that they r doing what ppl want is a LIE.  Americans minds have changed, they despise GOP plans & want Obamacare FIXED
America needs to realize this bill would significantly reduce coverage on employer healthcare plans too, not just people on the exchanges.
Not enough coverage for red states to hear about it. Need to take out ads on Fox and ESPN
Why should anyone have pre-existing conditions any more? Didn't Obamacare give high-quality adorable health care to everyone?
The CBO must score that "healthcare" bill and ALL Americans must see it b4 it's put to the vote.
Great so I'm back to worrying about my son who has a preexisting genetic condition (EDS) and health insurance!!  Nice Graham-Cassidy! 
My sister in law has EDS, and my brother had type 1 diabetes. They are understandably worried.

Do you even read these bills before you open your mouth? Rhetorical as it's obvious you don't.
Great! Maybe Liz will work on auto insurance too so I won't have to buy it until I have an accident
This hurts the most vulnerable among us. Please. Use your voice. Call your elected representatives and keep calling.
IT HURTS EVERONE EXCEPT FOR THE RICH!!- THEY PROFIT FROM OTHER PEOPLE'S PAIN & MISERY!!
They just dont care abiut America when they put this forth. #notlistening #republaWhat? Selfish GrahamCassidy, shame on youall!
The Disability Community is the only minority group that ANYONE, thru no fault of their own, can join at ANY TIME!
THAT, and worse! It's a disaster.
Please STOP backing the bernie bill- fix the ACA first!!
Nope, single payer is the only way. I know repubs here in NV that also want to join the 21st century with true universal health care.
Please, please block it !
yes, republican sadism at work
But you forget to mention that it block grants to the states & if we as a nation don't get spending under control we will be broke
Is this because you read it or did someone tell you what was in it? Most Dems did not read the ACA either.
Typical. The house is burning down around you & you want to talk about how you never liked the curtains
Corruption of the GOP on #healthcare is disgusting beyond words.

It's clear what the people really want.

#SinglePayer

End of story.
Absolutely not. America is NOT a socialist nation
I am done with your communist agenda. Get back in your teepee
Pocahontas truth 
U are strangely silent  on the events unfolding in St. Louis is it because u can't blame the alt right
As a provider, I find this scary. Please continueto fightfor my patients.
Where can we find the bill to review Senator Warren?
Who the hell do they think they're fooling?! We r gonna take to the streets until we're blue n streets, #HC is a right!messing w/lives,GOP!
Heath care is not a right. But there is no reason it can't be affordable. The ACA made it unaffordable. Repeal the ACA
Fight for us please

Typical of neofacist white nationalist entitled angry bitter gullible ppl. Attack women who endanger your masculinity. #TrumpChump #MAWA
SAVE YOUR #HEALTHCARE .. CALL and here are the extensions too .. @alfranken @SenSchumer @SenSanders   @MeetThePress
You are the single biggest liar you probably are worse than @tedcruz you are the single biggest liar. TERRIBLE! #bettyexposes
deplorable
