You tell em!
Not to hear it from Sessions and Trump....lol
If he recused himself, for a bold faced lie about Russia Kislyak, now assisting #BenedictDonald fire Comey that's a conflict of interest
Only conglict is in your head
Do you do any work you sure do tweet a lot
Dont believe for a minute he has really recused himself
The rules haven't stopped them from doing anything else, though.
Well said Rebecca
I don't know how the investigation will end but I wonder if those found not guilty will ever get their reputation restored? Politics!

Has he really recused himself?  Really?
Senator Warren saying it like it is. No sugar coating the facts. Thank you Thank you!!
Should have required it of the AG in 2016 also.
Are you a real Indian? LOL 
Oh stop. Why wld her parents lie to her abt family heritage since young? Do you believe your parents? Do you also questn blonde latinas?
Oh stop. Why wld she lie to us?   Keep watching CNN and reading Politico and stay uninformed.  Fauxahontas will be proud
He saw a lot of trouble coming, if recluse why go along with firing comey, does that reverse his reclusion?
Don't you have a tribe to return to?
We require you to disappear !!
That evil Hee Haw goblin is not a nice guy.
exactly.
I.e., "don't you people dare ever think  a good thing about him". Way to go, Poco.
Is is true that you made $400,000.00 for teaching one class at Harvard?
More dishonest news
How do we know he's following through?  He didn't in the comey investigation
A majority of hard working honest Americans don't care.  We want the government to focus on tax reform or infrastructure.  GET TO WORK!!
wait ... Sessions is a nice guy?
I don't know why anyone would listen to anything you sau.
say
like they required it when LYNCH MET WITH BILL? You are such a gd hypocrite
Yet Holder and Lynch never had the integrity to recuse themselves,  It's OK, nobody expects integrity from Dems
bygones should be bygones
The swamp was not drained, it was refilled.
he should resign
a fake recusal, he did not, his finger prints all over this.
He is soooo nice.  What his uniform size?
Also telling that DAG Rosenstein didn't tell him he was bringing in a spec prosecutor. Why is Sessions still AG if he has to be sidestepped?
That's right, just like AG Lynch did... Oh wait.
You mean before or after she met Slick Willie in Phoenix?
She had long ties to the Clinton's.
I'm fairly certain very few of us mistook Sessions for a nice guy.
He should have recused himself immediately. To not do so was an ethical violation.
You're an asd
Well and we saw how well that worked with Comey.
Did you raise a big fuss when Lynch didn't recuse herself from Hillary's email scandal after meeting with Bill Clinton on a tarmac? No!
Regulations should have "required" Lynch to comply with Congress regarding Obama's secret Iran ransom payments. Would you agree Senator?
Hey Liz, who knew Rosenstein would go hire Colombo?

I enjoyed the shit outta that!  Thanks a million. pal.
I've been using it for all the leaks coming out the last few days 
Oh, I assumed you read my tweet about Rosenstein hired Colombo. Still, great.
I did!!.....hhahahaa.....just saying, I had the gif handy 
Guilty. Gavel bang.
what do you think about the MUELLER APPOINTMENT?
Ask the people of color in Ala. how nice he is
How do you know so much?
Your like that one teacher that all the students hated but everyone pretended to like.
I knew if you talked long enough and wasted enough words you would eventually say something factual.
Why is he still there?  Perjury = bye bye Sessions!
No dipshit some peo people have integrity. Which you lack.
Well he did it, so what's the problem, other than the fact you just want to make trouble.  It's like he's wrong, either way
Def not a nice guy.
Sessions was a huge mistake as AG. His thoughts are still 60 years in the past.
and he wanted the Sen from Texas as head of FBI.  Shows how bias he is
And he's definitely NOT a nice guy.
Who investigates Sessions violation of Regulations? He needs to resign anyway.
"It was a great honour to blow smoke up your ass..."
Thanks Pocahontas
No they don't
Sessions needs to RESIGN!!!
Your wrong
He needs to resign, or 45 needs to fire him. He's violated ethics. U.S. Attorney Gen. supp. to set example, SALLY YATES PRIME EXAMPLE.
So ur tweet is about Sessions following the regulations...brilliant. Call CNN!!!
I don't think the word "recusal" means anything at this point.
Same thing anyone other politicians would have done.
make no mistake. Jeff ain't no nice guy.
But if he acted behind the scenes, he lied about recusing himself.
Exactly. Judges have recused themselves from cases for much less.
Wrong Lizzy, he recused himself before taking office! Get you LIES straight!  Now WHO MURDERED SETH RICH? Or don't you care??
If that's the case., why don't all rogue members of congress do the same, and go home?
Thank you Sen for standing up and starting the work to investigate AG Sessions. He does not represent the face of Justice Dept we believe in
Suggesting Sessions is a nice guy is like suggesting 45 can keep a secret. #Russiagate @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @USAGSessions
I believe he's a potential co-conspirator, that way he can wash his hands, believing he has nothing to do with Trumps actions/words!
Each time you mislead u lose another member in your party,
He's a little racist stooge
That evil little disturbing elf a nice guy? The very concept of such is even contrary to the laws of physics 
So he lies to the Senate committee but doesn't have to resign?  What?
But when pressed by reporters @maddow  they will not confirm he's recused in regards to Paul Manafort. The only 1 they won't answer directly
He did decide to lie under oath twice how he is still in office is baffeling
Sessions violated when he involved himself in Comey firing and search for new FBI director #obstruction #corruption
You don't write these inane tweets because you're nice either. FYI my late father built his business!
How that didn't stop you from lying
And obstruction of justice and lying to congress
Senator can we not investigate and prosecute Sessions for corruption re: policy decisions that will enrich him (private prisons investments)
He is also afraid
So why is he still involved in Flynn and Russia?
Never trusted his recusal when he had a stupid grin on his face the whole time. He was not sincere nor truthful...
All talk, no action, though? Says he's recused but not really.
He did it to remove your talking points. Retire already. Your brain is fried. #DrainTheSwamp
Why wasn't he brought up on perjury charges? He lied to congress. That is a felony, isn't it? If the head of the justice dept is a liar.....
I don't think anyone would ever accuse him of being a nice guy
Sessions didn't recuse because he knew nothing would happen from the GOP.
Who enforces it?
You have joined Onward Together to crush the Progressive movement. Shame.
Please someone take real action to stop this insanity!!!
Nor did he *actually* recuse himself
sometimes you don't 
Yes, and per federal law, James Comey was to report the very next day, what "everyone" is calling his memos. Yet, no one has seen.
Hillary
investigate #SethRichMuder n DNC
He got caught. 
Can we say complicit? You may not be able to, but I can...
Once investigation does not the FBI make. I'm surprised you don't know that.
And his broken pledge to recuse himself merits @USAGSessions' resignation or removal from office.
I feel like I'm watching a robbery in daylight!. and nobody is doing anything. Get ready to VOTE VOTE VOTE
That's the job bruh
More liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a WAR being waged against US CITIZENS by the dishonest liberal politicians & media.
sessions is as corrupt as the jailed convicts
@senmarkey @senfranken @amyklobuchar Is it true that Sheriff David Clarke is in Homeland Security? This guy shouldn't be anywhere near it!
I didn't think he was for one minute...
But is he really recused bc he had a hand in firing Comey And his hand in interviewing replacement of FBI director Doesnt sound like recusal
Shut up pocshantas
LIZZY Are You A Functional Idiot?You Waste OurTime Making Bogus Attacks On POTUS And No Mea Culpa When YOU Are Wrong. Republicans Won PERIOD
Move on liar!!!! Dems always pissing and moaning about something.
Did Clintons' old friend Loretta Lynch do the same during HRC investigation? Do you mean she violated the law by not recusing herself?
Recuse yourself from DC
But it never stopped Loretta Lynch. You're like the hypocracy queen.
Get rid of Trump and void every appointment and executive order he initiated. He's mentally unfit. His choices should be null.
Please explain how Trump is Mentally unfit.  Thank you.
Recusing from the investigation, doesn't mean he can't give guidance to the president.  Get over yourself.  #Pathetic #SoreLoser
One would assume that DOJ rules also stipulate that Sessions follow through with recusal (not coordinate with Trump to fire Comey).
He shouldn't have recused himself. The GOP is falling all over themselves to please the Dems.  To no avail, unfortunately.
He couldn't because he's not a nice guy. He's a Racist !
You mean squirrely squirrel?
Gawd will you libs EVER STOP YOUR BS AND GET TO EARNING YOUR DAMN PAY?!!!!! STICK TO GETTING THINGS RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE NOT YOURSELVES!
Who's not earning? Conservatives ya?
HIstory matters. If we don't know it we repeat it. He is the man he has always been and should NEVER have been confirmed.
he's an Evil Tree Elf.
Perjury Sessions. What do they call acting after recusal?
..n he's a great guy. Remember many on the left side aka the dumb democrats supported him long ago. This is all about ANTI @realDonaldTrump
Exactly But he still inserted hisself in itComey was head investigator into Russian hacking Sessions didn't stay out of it
Then he unrecused. Hmmm...
How do you enforce that?
No Counting on a speck of humanity by clans of vengeance & punitive idiocy?
Entire Admin steeped putrified swamp water & parasitic spawn.
Yet #Sessions so-called #recusal hasn't worked.  He weighed in on #ComeyFiring. We need an #independentProsecutor #FireSessions
#Russiagate
They required it for AG Lynch, friend of both Clintons, as well, even before her secret WJC tarmac meeting.
He did it because he knew you have nothing! Wow the President just scored 2 more points. MSM 0,  Dems 0, president 136. Wake up Lizzy
Thanks for the update, #PowWowChow.
He is a vile racist bigot who wants 2 indict ppl at the highest level bc they are black or brown & it is a good way to stop them from voting
The constitution restricts you to doing only do what is enumerated but that hasn't stopped you.
His stance on pot is crazy . This guy thinking is straight out of the 50s #oldman
Make it happen!
Why hasn't he been impeached yet?
My question as well
AG Sessions dances to Donald Trump tunes any day.
No Frankenstein trapped him in a question.. I watched the whole thing even written down in a way to trap
It depends on which party you represent whether you have to recuse yourself no matter the law.
Nice to see the regs are followed now and then!
Not nice and didn't decide.
Elizabeth what should you have done when your lies came out? Sessions answered the question asked. That's the TRUTH!
And he really didn't recuse himself.
Yet, he interfered..
So, why does it appear that he keeps getting involved in issues surrounding this?He also recused himself from the emails and yet Comey fired
Not true -- He clarified & supplemented what he meant and there was no foul play - Sessions went over and above what was required of him!
Also, he's not a nice guy
How long was he in office before he broke the law?
But Lynch or Holder would have not done it regardless. #lawlessDems
Sessions MUST GO. He lied under oath & did NOT recuse himself.   Call your reps!!
FAKE STORY! Stop reading headlines
