I’m heading to the Senate floor now to discuss why I oppose Neil Gorsuch & why he should not be confirmed: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
It should be a short speech. "I don't support Gorsuch because, despite being eminently qualified, he was nominated by Trump.  Peace out"
Oh, you mean the Merrick Garland treatment? He was eminently qualified too.
Yes sir. Very qualified. Very.  You are not the lawyer from my cousin vinny and get nominated to the Supreme Court
You do know Garland was recommended by repubs? Or are you just a Gorsuch pudsucker?
Now put him, his entire family, n all his cabinet members including the VP in prison where they belong.
Why do they belong in prison?
It's clear the Republicans played an ugly dirty game with President Obama and their "Lame ducky Ducky's" - Fair both should be interviewed!
Obama is a muslim lover
President Obama is a Christian therefore he is to love all people! If you claim the gospel that's it! We Christians even love stupid people
u actually believe Obama is Christian?  giving muslim brotherhood millions
Regardless of whether he gives millions to  Muslims or not makes no difference in Christianity. We've been for decades, missions.
Reach across the aisle to good people like @SenJohnMcCain, @lisamurkowski, @SenatorCollins, @LindseyGrahamSC? Please don't nuke us, ya'll.
Yes!!! 
Senator In Name Only~pwr only ... REID-Nuke-em McConnell n move on.
Disgraceful!!!!
@SenateDems should be ashamed of their sophomoric behavior on the @SenateFloor 
Have treated Judge so poorly & disrespectful
But we know that Republicans will pull the nuclear option because that is the only way they can govern>>>by Oligarchy
- big mistake for you to filibuster. You democrats are spoiled children
Missed that one, didn't ya!?  Great vote with the majority on the Arkansas death penalty case though! I sleep better knowing SCOTUS is safe
 #51
 #51 #ReidRule
That's as goofy as BO putting Garland through wringer of false hopes.
What's goofy is that there are still people who believe in invisible men in the sky lmao! Please educate yourself
Looks like @SenateGOP will change rules to force their guy #Gorsuch through. #EmptyRobe.
If it aint Pocahontas, you should be ashamed of yourself lying like a dog displacing a Native American from going to Harvard
And you lie.. nasty woman that needs to pay her employees equally
Give ONE cogent reason why he is unqualified. ONE.
Thank you so much for your hard work @SenWarren You are fabulous!!
You should see her in her headdress. Spectacular!! #Fauxcahontas
The only reason you oppose Gorsuch is you oppose anything the republicans propose
Oops. He did when they decided to fuck the process.
No votes until Russia investigation is complete.
James 4:8-10
Draw near to God and He will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners; and purify [1/3]
your hearts, you double-minded. Lament and mourn and weep! Let your laughter be turned to mourning and [2/3]
Looney Toons, out and about, walking among us.  Here's the trump base, folks, in all their glory!   smh.
That's all you have?  No wonder the right is spiraling down into destruction.
Nope! Read up on all the good he did instead of listening to trump's lies. trump is the toxic waste, and he can't blame anyone but himself.
No one wants a Putin Russia appointed SCOTUS. Trump is illegitimate and this #DogAndPonyShow must stop NOW! I'm super pissy about it!
#Git
Nor did we want his lawless offspring and their spouses. STOP THIS BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE. Hate watching these bastards gut our democracy.
Please enlighten us as to how democracy (we're a representative republic, but you knew that) is being "gutted"?
I'm so past dealing with #DumbDeplorables even though I'm supposed to be #LeftyNice.
#WeBeenHadByDonAndVlad
#trumpRUSSIA
#History101
#Resist
When are Lefties nice?  Truly some of the most angry, bitter, deranged people you will find.
I am not afraid.  I will answer your question with only one word.   NEVER
Thank you! NO to #GorsuchNomination #ResistGorsuch
No kidding Party politics as usual. Try to teach across the aisle once in a while. Youre not there for the Party youre there for Mass!
It's just that you and all of your cronies are obstructionists. Setting up Democrats for another big loss in 2018
This needs to wait until after the senate intel com investigation. @SenateMajLdr don't be foolish.
Hallelujah
Nothing should become law or change until this #Trumprussia issue is resolved. His taxes will tell how deep he's in to Russia. #releasetaxes
I think you were mistaken
Yes that's true, he does not but the goons will see that he gets confirmed and it's nothing you guys can do unfortunately. We are doomed.

It's clear democrats are acting like teenagers who need some discipline.
Clear? Keep ignoring reality. That's how Trump got elected.
They never had all the support which is why the republicans are going 2 cheat their way in. Hope the Dems do the same in the future #payback
Didn't call it cheating when the dems. And obama did it.
When?
Exactly! They just pull nonsense out of their asses
Hmmm...
Thank you Senator for taking a stand against this tyrannical "president" and his regime of lowlifes.
She's so brace, isn't she? I mean, arguing against a "well qualified" judge because of politics is soooo courageous! My heart swoons.
If Gorsuch is confirmed, it is a victory for Russia, not the American people.

Didn't realize Ms Clinton was a uranium producer.
They are idiots aren't they, lol
All Senate Democrats must pledge, without equivocation, to protect the Supreme Court & our democracy from Trump’s agenda of hatred and greed
Problem is, Dems are unable to stick together , there is always a turn coat or two among them!!exasperating!!
We call them SMART!!!!!
But he will despite your obstruction of an imminently overqual. Justice for the idiots already on the court.
I thought u were making 400k/year to teach a class @Harvard? I guess that class wasn't count to 51."  Thanks Harry Reid for the nuclear opt
Yeah, we'll see about that on Saturday morning.
Witch
Great
Here's some good news. Gorsuch will be confirmed. The new #AHCA will provide coverage for injuries received while getting nuked. Sign up!!
So many people are laughing at you.
#EqualPayDay #EqualPay #women #wednesdaywisdom #tcot #Trump #MAGA
Fillibuster!
Only because all the democrats are placing their political interest ahead of their conscience.  No valid reason to deny this nominee.
The president barely has enough support to stay in office! I'm sure "help's" coming around the bend, Regardless, interview Judge Garland!!
He's an extremist RW Xtianfundamentalist.  HELL to the NO. 
#NOGORSUCH
Because of Idiots like the DemoKraks...
DEPORT Pocahontas!
And now McConnell will blow up the Senate for the second time. They've been salivating for this SCOTUS seat for over a year. Disgrace.
Maybe Neil Gorsuch will bail out and do the people a great service. Putting the people and a divided America before his personal advancement
Keep fighting it.  It is a stolen seat.  The progressives have your back.
Glory to God
TOO BAD
I know you're a fake Indian , but you're also a fake psychic
yay!
Stop wasting time and get to work.
Thank you Elizabeth!
Thank you, Senator Warren!
FABULOUS NEWS!!!
confirmation on the way ...
Obstructionist
That would be a hoot..You Work with  @POTUS  on Healthcare  and tax reform,Infrastructure. ..You can have Garland next.
He will be confirmed one way or another. You clearly don't know what you are talking about.  #confirmgorsuch #stopsocialism
51 is plenty.
Lieawatha you just don't understand you dems have no power. Get used to saying it. Supreme Court Justice Neal Gorsuch
From ur lips, to God's ear
It's clear @GOP is Trump's puppy dogs, following his tweets as what to investigate & deflect from Russia.
I will bet you a blood test you faker that @realDonaldTrump does get gorsuch confirmed despite the obstructionist dems. You lost
Unless...
Hopefully McConnell will not go stupid, err I mean nuclear...but he said that he would. Now has filed for cloture.
I hope he does the Dems did it for all other judges by dems and no one said a word so why are you worried about it now
Oh of course not. But also any comment from you either on Susan Rice?? Nope didn't think so. Just as selective as the rest!
Thank you for being a strong leader, @SenWarren! You're a role model for everyone to look up to. 
Any bets? Let's get some money moving here folks. All this talk isn't going to change anything! Reid screwed us! We knew GOP would do it too
Gorsuch will be.confirmed to the Supreme Court of the USA be midnight on Friday !
Reid options. What goes around comes around.
Lets hope so.  We elect our representatives to carry out our wants and values.  He meets neither.  Get your colleagues to defend ud
We will see. Waiting for the outcome, but busy reading of the Obama/ Susan Rice scandal.
Well I disagree I think there will be a cloud a nuclear cloud over the Senate Chambers soon enough madam Senator
Thank God!!! He would be a disaster.
Don't worry he will get confirmed, you babies play politics not what's best for people..then the nuclear will hurt Dems in the future
why are some of the dems in Washington? you have demonstrated you are there for your own interests. Not for us.
Oh, but he'll still be confirmed! You Dems ONLY care about bringing down the #POTUS...
Actually, it was pretty clear he did.
Doesn't really matter.....
it appears you arnt enough Indian to pretend to be
Just like it was clear @realDonaldTrump could never be elected President.
All the DEM0s know that he is a very excellent judge. They just hate Pres. TRUMP.
WE TAX PAYERS WANT OUR MONEY BACK.
Get trump out.  Get his cronies out.  Impeach, remove.  Deadline: 2018
yes!!!
So let's use the Democratic tactic called the Nuclear Option.
BWAHAHAHA. Don't tell me another loss for Trumpski
You need to take your medicine Granny.
Now how about paying woman on your staff equal to men? Hypocrisy
Halaluha
What clear is you are wasting taxpayer money!!! No accomplishments except the CFPB which is unconstitutional and a complete waste of money
- Good! Let's see how they cheat this time.
I'm the FIRST TO CONGRATULATE JUSTICE GORSUCH AND NEXT TRUMP APPOINTEE THANKS TO DEM UNCONSTITUTIONAL RULE!UNDO ROE V WADE! Dems wanted it!
#termlimits! STOP!!
Your speech to the senate today was excellent
It's also clear that the #illegitimatepresident is a puppet & #GOP wants to stack the court, since it is a #StolenSeat #FourDemsBetrayedUSA
Wow, Trump Derangement Syndrome is an actual thing.
if the nuclear option is used, it is dems who are to blame.
Trump should not be able to nominate a lifetime postion while under investigation. The GOP needs to back this up if only for being patriotic
I'm afraid the "nuclear" option will fracture your country even more. I get why this is happening, still feels like a dick measuring contest
WATCH OUT FOR MCCONNEL LIES DIDN'T WORK SO DESPERATELY TRY CHANGE COUNTRIES WISDOM OF PROTECTION... LOVE OUR COUNTRY...HE ABSOLUTELY DOESNT!
You're welcome from Deplorables everywhere for electing President TRUMP!
#GorsuchSwornIn
Bring on the nuclear option!! All Dems do is whine and waste time. You were sent to do a job!! You clearly DONT CARE ABOUT PEOPLE in the U.S
Shame on you-
But he will be and then we really lose next time.
I am beyond pleased to hear that!!!
And yet...
It's clear that you're a loon. Gorsuch will be SCOTUS by Midnight Friday. #TakeThatToTheBank
lol wanna bet?
authority, then senators not only have the right to change the filibuster rules, ....
It's also clear that you pay your female staffers  only 71% of what your male staffers make. #practicewhatyoupreach

He's gonna get a free pass by Mitch McCollum because Repubs don't care about anything but their agenda.  Fuckers
Pocahontas despite your efforts he'll be on the supreme court.
Nuclear Option!!!!! Kaboom!!! Thanks Harry Reid!
And he absolutely doesn't have the support of the American public or at least 3/4 of it
Just where did you get that number.  I have only found 2 who oppose him in all the people I deal with so I think you are lying there
Elizabeth....why did you pay your female staffers 30% less than your male staffers in 2016?
That's not true Warren. You only need 51 votes to get confirmed
51, bit that's nit picking.  Closure requires 60 votes (right now) and is required to end debate and allow a vote.
Closure isn't 'confirmation'.
But you can't get to the confirmation vote without closure, so the point stands.
Only under current senate rules. Only takes 51 senators to change the rules and confirm.
Its even clearer that Republicans voted for Obamas picks - because they are qualified, just like Gorsuch -your obstructing Trump not justice
I hope you are right Sen Warren!  Filibuster is not worth it.  We don't want 10M of Judicial Crisis Network dark money selecting our justice
How'd that work out for you?
WE PAY YOU BIG BUCKS GREAT BENEFITS AND YOU DO NOTHING.
Then why did you vote for him 10 yrs ago, hipocrite
Why don't you support him dummy??
it's clear we don't give a fuck .. Thanks Harry Reid
NUKE
You are such a queen. I admire strong women.
He actually does. What's at issue here is whether he will receive a fair up or down vote.
Why don't you go back to buying foreclosed homes like you did to make your fortune when the Dems trashed the housing market??
Sure he does we don't need Dems lieawatha! And he'll probably appoint a couple more supreme Court judges before he's done.
It's so clear now, guys!
Yay! Thank you.
This person must be impartial in their decision & this candidate doesn't fit this role & dodged way too many questions!
Good
Wrong!
From your mouth to Gods ears
Yep, partisan, self-absorbed politicians playing games. Unanimous vote for 10th district. Reversed once in 2700 cases. Totally qualified.
I have called PA Sen Toomey to ask that he support a new candidate not funded by anon donors in Heritage/Federalist. Will do more each day
It's clear we need term limits and representatives that aren't a bunch of hateful crybaby children getting revenge because their girl lost
It's also clear that he will be confirmed.
Even with nuclear option?
Warren pays her female staffers 30K less a year from her male staff, What happen to equality?
#StopGorsuch
Pocahontas is confused with the difference between "support" and Dems being anti-Trump obstructionists.
go away Fauxcahontas
It's also clear that you're triggering the nuclear option & will lose anyway.
Just because there's a method to override the democrats doesn't give the excuse to do nothing.  That they go that route is also important.
Except that it's not Congress' job to make value determinations or settle petty grudges, just to confirm if the candidate is qualified...
I think you should let this one pass.
Poco was wrong again.
I guess you Democrats are asking for the nuclear option you set up when you were in charge. God I hope another liberal judge retires...lol
They are on their way out.
Didn't you say something to that about @realDonaldTrump during the election? 
Not really, there's RULE VI
I would not confirmed Gorsuch something about him I can't trust Trump picked him for a reason. Trump Don't want Garland he can't control him
🖒🖒🖒🖒
Welcome to the NUCLEAR AGE! Brought on by the democrats in order to get liberal activist judges through that wouldn't get 60 votes!
What a shame..........that anyone listens to you!
Partisan hackery. Maybe if legislators wrote tighter laws they wouldn't be so afraid of a judge who simply states that he will enforce it.
That is not his job as a judge
Exactly.
Yea
He should not be confirmed.
#NeilGorsuch sworn in as the next #SCOTUS today! 
How you like them apples?


#MAGA 
#TrumpTrain 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So sad. Another loss.
You are the stupidws woman i ever saw. In man Bozobama
