WE WILL ALL BE VOTING NEXT YEAR! !!
WATCHING WATCHING WATCHING
The DNC wins by Going against The Immoral Trump GOP not other GOP s
This is How the Democratic s win Representing the American people not the Billionaire Immoral Republican Trump Party Not other GOP s
They're not just  following Trump: this is what they've always wanted. Zero consumer protection here b/c cuts into their & friends' profits
We're with you!
Yeah in the toilet
Democrats you're not fight back we should work together to make something better. Everyone knows Obama care has failed
No Pocahontas they are lining up to start help in the American people last eight years not so much
We love and support you all....  Fight back... Fight for us...
Ur a joke as a senator only out for pocket and hefty retirement when u leave and free healthcare
Repubs are horrible! That agency protects people from bad banks and corporations!
Gut it!!
Why don't you "fight" to repeal the current tax code with HR 25 & S18, the Fair Tax bill!
It is essential to save CFPB! It is one of the few resources for non-affluent Americans to protect themselves fromWallStreet(etc.)predators!
Come on there has to be enough decent GOP members to stop these two bills
Thank you Senator Warren
Keep fighting for us! We need strong Democrats to oppose all the things republicans are trying to do. They keep hurting us regular folks.
Thank you for your work, Senator!
You are talking about the dnlc that has become very wealthy under the previous administration  dnlc the democrat national lying committee
Aw sweetie, take a valium.
Go GEOFF DEIHL .
You the girl.
Excellent. The millions of avg Americans that are shareholders should exercise their rights. Your bureaucracy only fines the shareholders.
AGAIN, GREAT RECESSION OR GREATER DEPRESSION! !!
THIS WILL BE ON THEIR SHOULDERS!!!
That's all Dem do, fight. Never help build w Rep. Send paid supporters to cause violence & hate.
House Dems u have til 2018 then u are done thank GOD!

Massachusetts has to be the stupidest state in America!
Resist reason  resist facts   resist logic   resist everything
I'm behind you 100% Keep up the good fight!
You just keep fighting for whatever it is today that you are fighting for. Remember you had 8 years to fix things and what got done???
#FightOn!
All I gotta say is if they pas this shitty healthcare , Dems have your plan ready to be passed in 2018. #DNC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats!!!
KEEP FIGHTING!!!!!! 
Fight fight fight, like you've never fought before.
Why is @HouseGOP so incredibly evil? How do they think there will be no repercussions for it? 2018, goblins
Senator Warren is the peoples real potus,  We support you 100 percent.
Thank you Senator Warren.
This is all your fault pushing a bill before reading "what's in it."

Pull the fork, you're done.
Good luck Pocahontas!  
Better look into @SenSanders wife under investigation 4 falsifying Bank loan on property. Shameful crooked. (FBI) what r they going 2 dig up
Lizzie, you legitimately need to retire. You are out of touch with the common people. Go kick back on a porch and drink your Kool Aid.
Exactly what we would express from the rotten @HouseGOP.    Keep fighting, @HouseDemocrats !
No CBO score?
I will be one who willl file legal action if my treatment is interupted by a different care bill..
Neither party serves the interest of the citizens.
Go Senator!
Keep smokin ur peace pipe!!!
Thank you for fighting for us
Lord, the imagery.  I feel like I'm on the plains.
Give 'em hell!
Just KEEP FIGHTING FOR US!!!!  Thank you!
please fight hard.  Millions are counting on you.  Thank you !
Please keep fighting for us
We need a war party
Fight Elizabeth
