Please consider urging your Democratic colleagues @what  Democrats they r supposed to be representing need and want. We need!
were drowning &democrats arent representing how "left" we actually are. #15 #singlepayer #dignity #homes #foodforall #etc
Go Wall Street
You Are like All the other democrats corrupt and bullish can't wait for you to be voted out
I think you have that backwards.  Democrats do nothing for the working taxpayers except waste our money.
SecVA budget removes Health Ins for spouses of 250,000 vets. It's called CHAMPVA and goes away when TDIU is pulled! Disgusting!
How do you sleep at night?
You don't fight FOR anything. You just fight AGAINST the Pres. An army? Resist? No wonder wacko started shooting
if YOU are fighting for working class,I'd like to know how! All I can say is, YOU'VE HAD YOUR 8 YEARS STEP-AWAY
Your friend Hillary sold out to Wall Street took millions from Wall Street during her campaign took MILLIONS! 
Liz works for Liz!!! Never worked for or cared one bit for the average person. Lines her own pockets every day.
I WOULD LIKE TO BECOME A WORKING FAMILY.   MY FAMILY HAS DISABILITIES.  WE ARE GOING TO FIND A WAY TO BE A PART OF WORKING AMERICA!
Mentally ill Democrats only care about money & their own sick need for power & control. You're a disgrace to America & the world!
That's the big problem. How many dems on food stamps section 8 housing stealing from medicade
Who knew? You can also write fiction.  #fauxchohontas
And who just received 400K for a little talk with Wall Street?  What is in your peace pipe Pocahontas?
DemocRATS,  all they do is lie, lie, lie! You can keep your health care plan, your doctor and your premiums will not go up. DemocRAT LIARS!
Got to pass the Wrong Choice Act.
Vote the DEms out!
YOU NEED TO RETIRE!Leave this to folks who are not reprobate anus obstructionists like you and Nancy,Maxine -etc.
Hahaha she says while the DNC pays women considerably less than men!
well, we might not have seen "nasty"yet but we do see UGLY,& it's YOU Fauxcahantus! Thanks MASS, NOT!
Thankyou for standing up for the American people, you're all heroes!
Takes $1.3 million from BofA pays her female staff less keeping the hypocrisy of the DNC alive #corrupt
most  money   crooked Democrat politicians get is from wall St,  Hillary and Hussain.  Your are very talented in ill informing the public.
repeat this, my government shall  be small and not intrude into my life......
you're a liar, built upon lies. You speak with a forked tongue. Grow up.
Thinking of becoming a Democrat if this continues!

Thank You!  Simply...thank you.
Careful not to be too tough, else Wall Street won't be able to pay Clinton and Obama six-figure lecture fees, those hypocrites,
This is Dems supporting Dems. Anyone trying to sell to the other side must be kidding. Ignore them.
funny thing you libtardz have always backed them, under your control we fell into 3 seperate depressions, explain
Perhaps you intended to say "start", where you said "keep" . Both parties need to start solving America's problems and stop the partisan BS.
Liz, you let online payday companies into MA!!!!!
And Hillary was in Wall Streets pocket Obamas and Wall Streets pocket and you're in Wall Streets pocket
And our 'rep' @DevinNunes voted yes as expected. 
Elizabeth Warren you are one crazy women. Beyond me how you stay in our government as a elected official.

Thanks for all you do keep fighting
Will the Dems who "keep fighting for working families" push for a single payer healthcare play?  That would really help.
Thanks for all you do.
That use to be the case. Sadly both parties, yes you too, are only in it for themselves. Lining their own pockets
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #VoteThemOut
OMG!
bonsoir vous faisez unbon travail pour votre pays :moi c'est kevine ducameroun jevoulais te salue ton pays me plais j'aimerais venir
Yea for your socialism comrade Elizabeth W.
We have a weak president the Constitution Spirit lives on but we have a weak president who is coward of the truth
It must be like trying to stop an avalanche?
I am running for in #TX05 in 2018. #WrongChoiceAct will be @RepHensarling undoing. Support and http://votedanwood.com 
Keep spreading the lie that democrats aren't in bed with Wall Street.
Dear Elizabeth American people have a right to know the truth engage in et alien disclosure
Thank you for fighting for the people!
A true leadership. Hopefully you will become our President. 
What a surprise.  Anything America wants the communist Dems oppose it.
Thank you for your work!

Thank you for your fight for us!
While the #Republicans work for Wall St? Wall St gave #Democrats a shit ton of political contributions because it buys access and influence.
They didnt call Obama the Food stamp king for no reason. Remeber when he bailed out all the big banks&wall street sharks?that wasYOUR PARTY
Keep fighting Senator! We will continue to do our part!
You helped break the middle classes back you fake
I believe it was Obama that bailed out Wall Street. Then they repaid him with a $500,000 speech.
Dems destroyed small local banks.  That needs to be fixed.  You're as phony as Bernie's socialism. #LiberalHack
Lizzy, when will you stop all this FIGHTING Talk! Work together! Maybe you really are an INDIAN! But no you LIED about that!
Elizabeth Warren is opposed to everything Republican and "Trump" !!! Correct "Pochohantas" ???
Not enough votes. Need to sway Rep.
I know you will Mr warren . But what about the rest of  the Democrats will ??
Why don't you try doing something productive. You didn't get rich by the title you hold now!
All of this needs to be put forth on network tv.  Spend the money to stop the insanity.
Yes,  you are working to keep them off the democratic plantation voting for you though all you care about is your power.
Sorry, you lost all credibility for me when you started relentlessly backing Hillary Clinton instead of running against her  for nomination.
Is that why HRC and Obama are now making a living giving speeches to wall st? Please all you dems are in it for the payout
puh leez! Democrats Snub Nina Turner, Recruit Jerry Springer to Run for Governor in Ohio
Please remember the disabled. Thank you.
We need to be able to multitask. Obstruction. Health Care. Dodd-Frank. Russia. Stay nimble, everyone. Chaos is a tool of Bannon.
Where are your Russia Russia #Russia tweets today. Nothing to really say bout that after #ComeyHearing Time to put the tinfoil hat back on
This is what happens when the voter is cut out of the equasion. Please check into vote fraud. I think it's a subject being ignored right now
None of you thought about the wrong choices you all made for us. Walk a mile in my shoes, lady!
And all Dems will continue to lie.
The weird thing is that you managed to find a presidential candidate more connected to Wall Street than Trump. That's hard to do.
Wrong
But Democrats don't support HB676? What gives....we need the Democratic Party to reform. Corbyn/Sanders/Green Party style.
I hope they understand Green Party and democrats are strong together
We need refom now right now still hope together yes we can !! Our kids deserve better !! it's not all about us !! What about our kids ??
Thank you, Elizabeth.
People are losing hope.. and feeling broken
This abomination isn't America.
While Fmr. President Obama speaks to Cantor Fitzgerald for $400,000? No one is clean of this mess, Elizabeth. Tend to your own flock.
FYI Wall Street gives more money  BY FAR to your Democrat Party.! I wonder why ?What are they expecting in Return????
YOU are a hypocrite
How would the Dems know about working families, they do not work.
And Pubs continue to vote for the ones who screw them at every turn - and then ask for more - and then defend it - and then call us stupid.
You tell em Kissy
And I Send My Heartfelt Blessings And Heartfelt Thanks Senator Warren!
Well you unanimously oppose common sense. So whatever.
You are not fighting for working families. Most politicians in Washington and abroad are criminals with a title and think they are above the
Just like when all the Republican's opposed Obamacare....
Have u taken that DNA test yet for the Cherokee Nation?
Your biggest problem with this statement Obama took money so did Hilary and Slick Willie
You know that's not true Beth. Dems forgot about working families for 8 years. Good try though.
You or other democrats are not fighting for working families and haven't been for a long time.
Hahaha.  You're hilarious. #voteoutwarren
Keep fighting for the people, most of us appreciate it.
Pot/kettle issue here. Dems have not cared about working families for quite a while. Why not go along to get along & blame GOP later.
Working families voted for Trump. Next!
You are the wrong choice... go AWAY FAUXAHONTAS
Riiiight. That explains all those Wall St bankers going to jail under Obama as you complained about them then looked away as he did nothing.
The Democratic clowns of corruption have their way while the people suffer because of them .
Lol! You dems love to say that all the time when in fact YOU'RE the one who keeps taking  $$ from the lil ppl. How much u worth now?
The DNC IS Wall Street & by association.. the CIA, DHS, & NSA. You blame the GOP for your own parties corruption. We're tired of it.
What is going on in our Nations capital. This is alarming!
How much did HRC make doing speeches for wall street?  And didn't you just say you were troubled about Obama doing it?  You're all the same!
Dems Fight for THEMSELVES, Who the Hell Are You Kidding!
SENATOR WARREN ALL TREE POTENTIAL PRESIDENT IAL  THEY HAVE BEEN BOUGHT!  INCLUDING COMEY,!
You don't fight for us,all you do is TAX us to death.
SENATOR WARREN THIS IS A SET UP BY THE CONSPIRATORS! THESE MEN HAVE BEEN BOUGHT,!!!!!!!
SENATOR WARREN THE PROPHECY ALSO PERTAIN TO THE SECOND CRIST IT SAYS HE WOULD BE IMPRISONED!
you are really ignorant and very bias. You know that? Comey lied, over and over again. Look at my profile 4 proof
Pocahontas heep big a-hole
Thank you for what you do and how hard you work for us.  I wish there were more of you.
What do u think the GOP would be doing right now if it was a Democrat Comey just testified about? Stop being nice STEP UP #impeachtrumpnow
Lol @SenWarren your so damn funny @HillaryClinton been getting pd by Wall Street and recently so has @BarackObama y'all all get some from WS
Umm last I looked walll street has donated more money to your party then any other
Thank you for standing up for all of us Senator! I will help however i can. You are so appreciated. Thank you!
Send up signals, your corrupt communist party is over! Now we found your protector. No more! Hang Hillary!
You need to work with the @realDonaldTrump & @GOP on reforms so we can have working families to fight for. We know you have ties to WAS!!!
Please explain to me, how have Dems fought for working class? 9 trillion debt increase, more people on food stamps, college grads - no work
Keep fighting Sen Warren. We are in your corner.
They are all so deplorable
Dems are working for Wall St too! We to primary them out of office!
2018 - tell the house to keep fighting until we can get the RIGHT-type of person in the HOUSE
Honesty then loyalty from your constituents
We will remember what side they were all on! Vote!!!
Vague as Trump...families ..wall st..say what..???
Dems have never sought to better peoples lives. Only oppress and control
If Warren and cronies vote yes anyone with morals and brains should vote no.  ( or vice-versa)  Dimms don't give a a rats behind about us.
Liar
Let's get America to support Democratic principals that are American principles not Russian
Where are tax cuts??? I pay too much in taxes!!!#
The ACA certainly wasn't set up for working families

1/ After the stock market crashed in 1929, we passed the Glass-Steagall Act to prevent it from happening again.
2/ There were NO crashes between its enactment in 1933 and its repeal in 1999.
3/ There were THREE stock market crashes between 1999 and 2008.  All were courtesy of greed.
4/ The Dodd-Frank Act was passed 2010 to curb corporate greed and protect the American people.
5/ Now the @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr schmucks in Congress want to remove those protections. 
Not to mention who bailed those criminals out!
GOP said screw the banks and let them sink
This would have been a step  backwards
Q: what if anything can individual states or groups of states working in concert do to protect citizens from predatory banking practices?
So can you explain why the DNC and dems were so much in favor of Murphy for Governor here is NJ? Disappointing choice I'll be voting for.
Keep one eye on your Tillerson story. Find out how Tillerson got into Trump circle. Who recommended him? Exxon Russian oil is center of all
#TrumpIsASecretMuslim
More lies from the FAUXKAHONTAS
Thank you for supporting the ACA, we love it that our payments for coverage exceed our mortgage payment
Sounds like something @DNC should  brag about too @TomPerez #advertising #market democrats
You are on Pluto, blind partisanship
Please do not work for me, everytime you do I lose another freedom...please stop, ty!
Shes not called Liarwatha for nothing.
C'mon, use it...the "F-word". Push, Breathe out, push  You can do it...GOP "Fascism"!
You are so full of malarkey!  You'll work for anyone who will pay (just like Obama) except for working families!
Riiight, the entire Dem plan of our last recession was a stk &  bond stimulus program. The top 10% own 90% of all stocks an bonds.
is that why Obama's VP! J Biden, said the middle class has been buried for the past four years under Obama
