unless they move to a wealthy liberal controlled state that somehow kept it's healthcare intact while repub states have nothing.
them vouchers for healthcare probably will be like lottery money for California. Repubs are not very smart and easy to trick.
Can you really say that with a straight face, knowing Cali Dems have @MaxineWaters and @NancyPelosi at the helm? 
is a drunk and max is one of the most corrupt there is!
And @SenFeinstein. I left her out, but she's getting rich w/govt contracts to her hubby
subpoenaed senior staff of Obama for unmasking jail  thank good ness
Now, let's see if Dems care enough re: const rights to hold them accountable
You know they will not

You are wrong! Many Americans are without Healthcare now because they cannot afford the OBAMACARE co-pay!
#ObamaCare added over 20 million people to those who have health insurance.

Let us know when you want to stop lying.
Says the reports from the administration that was relying on the ACA as their legacy?
Those numbers have been disputed repeatedly. Data is questionable, at best.
Preventative/routine care has decreased, however, and mortality rate has increased.
Good indicator that something isn't adding up.
#ACA resulted in my uncle with leukemia losing health coverage... He died. So dont tell me about people dying from a health care bill!
So sorry for your loss. My sister battling breast cancer lost coverage too.
Dems don't care. She's just one vote, as opposed to the millions they get by giving free care.
To put it bluntly - but honestly - it is governmental genocide.
Did you argue the same when ACA shifted the burden of inaccessible healthcare to the ones who are paying for it?
That's all ACA did...shifted problem from one demographic to another. No one cared about them dying.
Elizabeth "chicken little" Warren says the sky is falling! Enough of you Handouts! Fix the real health care issues which drive up costs.
Too late. We were fine before Barry & you other socialists lied and schemed to force your agenda on us. It deserves to die. #SocialismSucks
Do u even read your tweets? U r so out of touch.  Can't wait to vote your a$$ out of office.  Signed, concerned in New England #Pocahontas
People are already bankrupt and dying under ACA genius
your hope that a collapsed ObumaCare would be replaced by single payer with President Hellary just went down in flames....
How did you ever get elected. You know nothing
I think the disconnect is for the GOP, it is like football. For Dems, it's about people. 2 diff games being played but Dems don't know it.
Citation Needed

Such an alarmist-you know you'll get your chance to tweak it in the senate. Drama queen!
ExactlyMust be a rule to be a DimWit - Drama Classes. E. Warren can't say anything without soundsing like a fire alarm
When you say "people will die," what exactly do you mean?
You are talking about obamacare, right?

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
hey brain child the new law gives states choice to opt out of ACA. Shall we talk pre existing too? Ignorant lefty
Obamacare is harming the middle class . Raising rates, deductibles, and copays and stripping coverage.
It hurt so much! We paid $650/mo for 5 and ded. of $2500. After ObamaCare it was $1650/mo and $6500 ded. Supposed to increase this year
Obamacare harmed working middle class Americans who get coverage from employer.
As well as middle class Americans who work in profession w no benefits. Those premiums went up too.
2008 I paid 12 a week, 20copay 500ded. Now it 200wk, 8k deductable. Who's killin who?
Rates sky rocketed , carriers bowed out. Tons of employer plans got harmed. People lost their plans at rollout of ocAre.
Tax cuts for the rich, bankruptcy for the sick. The DJT/GOP way is not the American way.
Good grief do some research, and stop listening to idiots like @SenWarren.
We already know. Tell 45. Oh wait, he knows, just doesn't care.
who will it devastate? You don't know. And warren if she read the law is lying bc you lefties =easily controlled
@mutts4me_sherri Went through a medical bankruptcy. Lost nothing but the bills. Kept home, cars, 401k, IRA, etc. Fear mongering Warren
Are you bragging about how the US healthcare system is so broken that you were forced to declare bankruptcy? Bankruptcy is great!
4th item MANY companies have only been hiring part-time because if AHA. Try juggling several jobs to make ends meet.
Many companies are offering better benefits because of ACA. Try having insurance for preventive care instead of praying you don't get sick.
Absolutely not. I do payroll for a major payroll company. I talk to employers everyday. It's a total mess. Go talk to people affected.
I talk to employers everyday. I talk to people who have health insurance for first time everyday. Go talk to people ACA has benefitted.
My sister worked at Ocare call center those helped are far far less than those hurt. She had people that were in tears everyday.
My friend works the help center doing in person sign ups. She has all kinds of great stories. Washington has a stronger implementation.
Glad to know that not a single person with health issues has died during the last 6 years of the ACA
Paul, will more or fewer people have health insurance under AHCA than under ACA?
I'm confused. Are you saying we shouldn't consider ppl on the edges when deciding policy?
Come on, Paul.
My point is Warren's claim of people dying due to coverage is cherry picked, arguing the edges. Vast majority will benefit from lower costs
not once you actually provide a fix for the 24 million who lose coverage, they won't. And even without, that's shifty math.
Why will they lose coverage?U have no idea what u r talking about.Ever hear of medicaid? It's that free insurance for the poor we all pay 4.
Are you aware that the AHCA cuts $880 *billion* from Medicaid? That's precisely the reason for the large coverage loss.
Cause if we continue as we are, We can print more $

That won't impact the dollar, cripple economy, hurt families

Why? We'd have #Obamacare
I totally agree. Anyone who doesn't want sharia law in the united stated is a freaking idiot.
I hope this is sarcasm.
I hope so too.
Meanwhile buses are waiting outside to cart the @HouseGOP to the WH for a victory lap. Cases of beer are being brought to the House to toast
Remove yourself from office. You're a liar. And you know that this repeal isn't a repeal at all, even absolving you Dems from the implosion.
I sure hope so,  to many mooches in the system.  Make America Great Again !!!
Iowa lost every insurance company, Nevada premiums up over 100% in 1 yr, Ocare is dead
Another Saul Alinsky 'rule' - control their healthcare and thus, control them all
Then people will revolt and we'll finally #EATtheRich In this country. Whatever wakes people up is a positive in the Walking Dead America
since you oppose rich govt cronyism you opposed the ACA right? Hypocrite shallow left.
People who fail to see/acknowledge the insurance lobbyists' hands in the ACA are nothing short of obtuse.
Who are you talking to? Fck outta here
Anyone I fucking want to talk to. Don't like it, don't read it. Simple enough.
People who have Obamacare insurance are dying everyday, Obamacare is bankrupting millions of people thanks democrats!
It hurt so much! We paid $650/mo for 5 and ded. of $2500. After  ObamaCare it was $1650/mo and $6500 ded. Supposed to increase this year
Ours in Az too. Ridiculous. Most Americans get hc thru employers so don't get it.
Yeah, but multimillionaires and billionaires need those tax breaks!
simpleton the investment tax that ACA had hurts retirees. And soon to be. But keep peddling bullshit. Ignorant.

Since Trump doesn't have a plan that people actually want why not Single Payer since people actually want it? Why are we playing with lives?
life expectancy has gone down since 2011 in America. Medicaid survival rates dropped since ACA. Learn first.
One of the worst things that has ever happened in our lives: electing a monster who's capable of murder. #ImpeachmentIsInevitable #LockHimUp
Get educated.
GOP just walked the plank for a POTUS who shows signs of dementia. #TrumpDementia #AHCA Repeal & Replace Republicans
another lefty who knows nothin of either law. Only dumb red states will opt out of ACA right? While Md 50% prem ^2018
Republicans don't care if people die. They have proved it time and time again.
That's right.  And I tired of being called a 'sore loser.'  This isn't a sporting event.  This is life and death.
another lefty who knows nothing of either law. Preexisting? Right. You people are pathetic. Learn first
My sister is dying right now, because of Obamacare. But that doesn't get Dems votes, does it? You're a vile individual.
Unfortunately, it is about scoring points, with their base. GOP will sell out the country in the hope that "wins" build momentum for "votes"
You mean exactly what Dems did with forced passage of ACA? With open borders, etc? Idiocy.
By "forced passage" you mean the 14 months of hearings and over 2 dozen meetings on it right?  Got it.
And a late night Christmas Eve vote b/c, as it turns out, Dems don't really give a shit about family.
Hopefully, if possible some US citizens now will make plans to move to Canada where premiums are paid toward everyone's healthcare.
PLEASE, by all means, take them all. Starting with Fauxcahontas and her lying tribe of liberals.
But the Trump family will pay a lot less in taxes.  So it's probably a net win.
So will you and the infamously wealthy @SenWarren. Stop you're belly aching over taxes.
People will die ! And mostly the hard working backbone of Americans that helped the wealthy get rich so they wouldn't have to worry about HC
Im one of the people that will die.
I'm so sorry this horror show hits so close. Everyone loves someone who'll be affected. It's so incomprehensibly inhuman.
But the people they care about won't be affected, so that's okay!
who will be affected? Do you know either law? Or just spout bullshit bc your feelz?
Millions of us
I don't need. Wapo blog. How will you be hurt? Warren is lying for party. And you likely don't know.
Ya and by the looks of it I'll be one I have a prexisting illness I was born with 
the law doesn't remove your preexisting protection. Guessing you don't know just spewing BS.
the guy who said he will die because of this bill called me a moron. Wow. The clueless left.
I heard only democrats were going to die, responsible adults not so much.
What do the dems plan to do????
And I'm already bankrupt thanks to #obamacare!
Especially since the people of MA want you out out out because you dont deliver to us back home...bye bye at election...
Why were you exempt from Ocare
People will die. Granny will go over the cliff. Children will starve. The sky will fall. We've heard it all. Come up with something new
Mortality rates have increased under Obamacare
Hundreds of vets died awaiting VA care
Just admit government controlled Healthcare is deadly
Does this mean she for or against death committees? Cuz ACA has death committees. People r dying daily under ACA. Hemodialysis pts.....
This is THE DUMBEST tweet I have EVER seen.
Keep on Speaking no matter what don't ever let them silence you again. Bill must die or Rpb will go down next election ALL LIVES MATTER
Boo fn Hoo, you  liar.
Would it be possible to simply pass a law that to sell insurance in any state they would also have to offer the Obamacare policy.
Evil Trump wants people to die so they can  give the $600 billion heist to the rich and even buy beer to celebrate!   He is evil!
This is such BS,  what is a card saying I have health  insurance  when I have a 10k  deductible.  You and you're  party are a farce!
You don't give a rats ass about people dying!  All the DEMS care about is opposing @realDonaldTrump .  We don't matter to you.

You're not fit. Ocare clearly didn't work for you. It made you worse.
By all accounts, the only thing dying is the Democratic party! No one cares about gender politics and liberal group think!
@realDonaldTrump & goons, only care about the almighty $$, not the average citizens

Obviously America has turned to a bunch of egomaniacs & insensitive uncaring loosers who only care about monet
Here, let me offer you a tissue Pocahontas, you have a little bullshit on your lip.
Oh and Obamacare was fiscally beneficial to families how? Insurance doesnt = care as we've seen since 09 but MANDATING premiums is good why?
#Trumpcare
Not as many will die as will the children in a planned parenthood clinic
@SenWarren Maybe they should get jobs and contributing to the economy not suckle from it. #ProudAmericam.
Give "the sky is falling" a rest!  You folks might think about being  constructive rather than destructive.
Just remember the phrase "If you like your doctor you can keep them." Sounds like someone you know right. Obama lied through his teeth
You didn't seem to care when Obamacare made premiums so high people couldn't use the insurance they were forced to buy.
That is already happening @SenWarren.
Example of single payer system closest to home is the VA Administration. Not for me or my vets. Sell VA hospitals and go free market.
It appears that the socialism in Venezuela is more deadly...  and in the end is what you propose as your solution.
Just after the stock market crashes. Still waiting on that to come true.
No one puts out more BS than this Senator. If this POTUS came up with the cure for Cancer she would complain about it. Such a big crybaby!
#FakeIndian squaw speaks with forked tongue and goes on warpath, change ghosts with a tomahawk. #MApoli #winning
Like how Planned Parenthood KILLS perfectly HEALTHY BABIES...Tearing them out limb by limb to 8 months? #DisappointAFilm #PP #AHCA
"People will choke, people will die!!"
-Charlie Kelly
Yes but just the poor - and they don't pay green fees so they don't matter.
ObamaCare: Can't afford $750 a month for an insurance plan? Fined and lose your tax return! TRUE STORY!
The ACA was a real gift with its rising premiums & insurance companies bailing out. Don't u have a tepee to clean, Lies Through her Teeth?
Your a phony!  What have you done for the Massachusetts VA?  Nothing.  What have you done for the inner city poor people, Nothing
Sorry you're gonna lose your Obamacare, Lez.  Oh wait, I forgot, you're rich and weren't stuck with it like the American working class.
This is a sad day.
More action from the people in this country is needed and the politicians in power. Stop abusing the power or be stripped of it.
You have taken leave of your senses, do Mass. a favor and don't run for re-election.
How can you have an ivy league education and be so DUMB? People are going bankrupt under obamacare! Out of pocket up over 400% for LESS!!
How do you pay health care plan with $12K+ deductible! Oh, yea, lie about being Native American to get big$ Harvard gig!
Obamacare already devastated Americans and you didn't care
you and your #EliteIdiots are so #MeloDramatic with the #BSLies
ACA is making America bankrupt - do your research outside the beltway
Lady it already had.
And what about Veterans in your home state who haven't heard from you? Why don't you stop with the hysterics and help them?
Was that your response 7 years ago when it was shoved through, Pocahontas?
Me speak with no fork tongue, #pocahontas
Your fear mongering is shameful. Obamacare only helps the poor. Meantime those of the middle class that you progressives ignore have none.
get a grip.  Just as it is illegal to yell "fire" in a movie theater it should be illegal for you to distort reality.
Everyone will die ... eventually. Democrats just seem to want to hasten the process in any way they can.
We're counting on you and Bernie to lead the  dismantling this #repub atrocity, Senator Warren. WE ARE WITH YOU.


When all you #snowflakes can be honest about the failures of #Obamacare,both sides can communicate.Nanny Nanny boo boo isn't an argument.
You're lying again! Stop lying to America, Elizabeth!
You mean like they did when your ancestors put the Cherokee on the Trail of Tears?
More FAKE NEWS from pocahontus!
Involuntary Manslaughter?
Not possible.  Our premiums and deductibles quadrupled BECAUSE of Obamacare!  Obamacare hurt us.. it didn't help.
How dramatic is this?  Fake facts, fake compassion, fake seriousness, she probably is still laughing.
SINGLE. PAYER. NATIONAL. HEALTH. CARE. (one that recognizes that the eyes and teeth are part of the same body, please)
What's driving Am's bankrupt is u & your ilk pushing soc'd hlthcre sys on everyone while the health ins lobbyists line your war chests.
I know many ppl that had to stay sick because they couldn't afford the deductable under Obamacare. Many are already bankrupt from premiums.
Exhibit A = @SenWarren why people hate politicians. You're just a horrible person in general
Sense you & the rest of the democraps lied about the so called "AHC" act, your credibility on this, and pretty much everything else, is nil.
Chicken little lots of sqauking no solutions. Dems passed obama care in order to read what's in it. #notrust
Hey Pocahontas....I realize you don't have perspective since you exempted yourself from Obamacare, but this has been happening since 2012.
As long as its liberals dying who cares!!
Republicans do not care about human beings. They are a death cult with an ideology of power-above-all-else.
Chris what kook aid are you drinking?  Ridiculous statement from supporters of abortion! 
I lived in Texas. I stand by my statement.
You're confused Liawatha....youre referring to ACA
Keep government out of our health care and our lives! That's what most Americans want. Single payer will never work and neither did ACA
What, like they've been doing under Obamacare?
Keeping govt out of health care will guarantee a govt will not control your health or life.  #RepealNoReplacement
You're a liar. You donot support American people but your own twisted agenda. Obamacare has already failed us.
Wow! You are a complete and utter fool and failure.  Your assessment is false and political only! All fake BS!
Why don't you defend the lives of the tens of millions of unborn children already killed by the Dem pro-abortion platform?
And fake Indians will metamorph into actual Indians..
Its sad to see that nobody cares
anymore, till they see the down
fall of these great nation by greedy
Merchants.
People have been dying since the beginning of time and will die until the end of time!
Ok Pocahontas, calm the f down 
Laughable.
.@SenWarren I think you have that mixed up a bit.  That was Obamacare. Go Sox!
shut up Pocahontas, you don't know what you are talking about
Elizabeth Warren you are just BULLSHIT TALK AND LIES LIES LIES. A loud mouth and a bully
You're talking about #aca or"obamacare". ALREADY bankrupting families & killing people. Not to mention it was already collapsing on it's own
You forgot to add the world will also explode, and it will be the end of us as a human race.
Just the same way it happens now!
You didn't seem to care about that when you didn't vote for Bernie when he was the one asking for single payer
People die every single day, Warren, it's called being mortal. What's your point? Also, Healthcare =/= Health Insurance.
Pochahantas running through the streets like:
You are confused.  That's actually what's been happening since 2010...
If you and your party have found the key to immortality you really should share it. If not EVERY American alive today will DIE!!!
Time to wake up Pocahontas-that's exactly what's been happening since Obamacare was passed.  AHCA will save people not hurt them.
Finally a Rep from CA who isn't crazy. Thanks @DarrellIssa for your vote!
Obamacare is the death trap you Democrats created
Millions already w/out insurance; denied treatments; stolen doctors in plans
Shush fraud!
u didn't get 56 million votes n ur last election.not really certain you'll win ur next 1 either not like this better start 
I don't know about U but I distinctly heard it won't have maternity coverage! Plus #Trump just signed no #birthcontrol 4religious #entities
But make sure @PPact has funding, right Warren? 
Must make sure women have the right to fed funded Healthcare, that murders unborn kids. 
I want you to document the names and faces of each person that dies because of this bill! If none die please stop lying!!!
Oh stop it, Good Lord!
Just like they did when you scumbags foisted the ACA on us?  It's only a problem when you can't steal others' money to pay for it?
Too bad that with you Elizabeth, it is all about scoring points. Why don't you help solve problems instead of making them worse?
If everything you said were true, we'd all be wearing gas masks and living in bubbles.  I really wonder how the voting system isn't rigged
This is true of anything other than single payer. Yet you endorsed HRC.
You make statements but never ever provide evidence. Besides, if you cared you would have helped fix ObamaCare. You did NOTHING!
How do you know?

Paul, you are better that some people in our conversation, don't act like them. America needs wise Republicans like you.
If you're against this @SenWarren then I know its a good for America. Hysterical fear mongering among libtards is all you know how to do!
@SenWarren is in serious need of a brain transplant.  Gofundme page for her???
Is it possible 2 sue the bastards? #ACA is a law. Req'd us 2 buy in. Enticed us 2 drop pvt. ins. w/subsidies.
It is Shocking how out of touch you are.. PEOPLE HAVE BEEN DYING FOR YEARS!  Please just go away with your ridiculousness you FAKE INDIAN!
#AHCA will devastate the elderly disabled sick and poor It will Benefit people making over 200K with a Massive TAXCUT #FireTrump #DontheCon
