btw. Trump is the one who lied that Warren claimed NDA to get into Princeton. She never went to Princeton. Trump = fact check
She was hired as a teacher. Even the links from the article - clearly nobody not lying thinks she was hired based on ancestry.
she cleared it up, the man who hired her for Harvard Law spoke out himself after Trump's  racist attacks
You are attacking a career lawyer, teacher, advocate, mentor,  business person, saying you don't like "Career politicians?"
Why does the Republican Party have so much power now?  How did the US get to this point?  I'm angry & afraid.
We need to get rid of electoral college because they are no longer representing us all. Should be One Person One Vote.
80% live in big cities, why should rural votes be worth more
your vote shouldn't be averaged as more value for being rural.
But most of the Idiot Libtards live in the big cities & Libtards are what is ruining USA.
63% of ANY kind of people in America live in the cities. STUPID ARGUMENT.
ETHICS??. Kind of like lying about your ethnicity ethics; or is there a different definition for #libtards? #caring
so what the GOP just did was ethical? I love people who hate America like you do
lol.. spent 23 years defending America.. that's right to a #libtard that's hating America.
but please continue to let the GOP strip democracy, while blaming liberals
Sailor fought boredom in OIF/ OEF. LMAO... 2 tours in IRAQ OIF and OIF 3. Did not see one sailor. #landho
I did a tour in Talil and a tour in Kandahar 
Haaa Haaa...
glad you find someone else's service a joke, simply because you disagree with their political point, merica
I can't trust my government. Trump &cabinet crooked. Where will USA B IN 4 years! @realDonaldTrump
because its all rigged Ma'am.  As i stated, continur to stay all up in his forth corner pocket.  He is an absolute disgrace.
what do we do?
sounds like you
, we want to do our part. When we hear all these lies, and call him out on all these lies how do we take action?
what will @SenateDems do about it?
i know. a bit short-sighted, eh?
Ethically is it ok to claim your an Indian to gain preference at a Univeristy ? Ethically is it ok to BleachBit 33,000 Emails ?
Now it makes sense why the GOP gutted the Office of Ethnics.
sorry error, I meant to say Ethics instead of Ethnics.
come to think of it ethnics works as well 
Pack up and move to Canada. Cheers
Give Trump A Chance! 
trying to give Trump a chance but he keeps showing his stupidity
Does this idiot Warren ever see anything good in ANYONE? She started her career under a lie continues to this day
@stucker6061 Senator Warren, there is clear cut treason. Donald Trump must not take oath. Collusion with foreign hostile gov't.
since#DJTRELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS/HisDEFIANCEenablesNOM's2Resist2WHYIRS justDEMAND/SUPOENA them? COI PROOFlikeNomsTHENevidence!
#BRUNELL DONAL-KYEI  = SILLY  STILL A SLAVE  SO WHERE ARE THESE JOBS COAL  EX - EX ?? puuuH
#CASINOsexCLUBtrump
Russia and Trump gave permission with this no rules policy. We need to know more about the hacking. Is the election legit?
I thought you Progressives ban back ground checks for all Government Offices?
@anti_Trump_CLE ... and those "Cabinet Members" should, and hopefully will be, as thoroughly vetted as any other in history.
hopefully the skeletons in their closet will be found and prevent them from claiming the position
You mean the Bone Yard? This should be interesting...
Ethics, how did you accumulate all your wealth while in public office @SenWarren? Dont portray yourself as for the People you're clearly not
That's easy ms warren pimped her self out 10 bucks a john oops i mean donor class
I have never seen an ethical republican...NEVER
years ago, Rep Connie Morrella  was a good Republican
Good job...you found a needle in a haystack
There is nothing you can do about it.  Dems changed the rules.  Coming back to bite you in your backsides.
Whatever you say Pocahontas!
there are no shortcuts in these important appointments! Keep up the good work MA democrats in office!
warren=nazi puppet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqw2-TlaWMk …
http://soquelbythecreek.blogspot.com/2011/10/everyone-knows-that-elizabeth-warren-is.html …
Well, DO something, dammit!!!
Smoke a peace pipe, may make you feel better about losing.
Hold their feet to the fire, don't let #TRAITORMITCH get his way. I would really look into his wife.  He sl kd out to get her through.
still crying I see...thank god Jan 20 is almost here and we will have a real president and a real government
Why does "rich" mean "unethical?" Why does fact they are CEO's disqualify them? Experience counts. Fake Indian with forked tongue
Billionaires are just people.

Turns out voting America likes one in particular and has made him our President.

Next.

@SenWarren
Another attempt to smear so your 's can be mad about something else. All in the agenda to keep shit stirred up. 
Pocahontas you've become rich off the taxpayers you're supposed to represent, you have no right to judge anybody
@gaelbill yThese nominees must be vetted! #Resist
SEEMS I GOT TRUMPS ATTENTION:I THINK HE'S GETTING IRRITATED AT ME POSTING THE TRUTH,AND CALLING OUT HIS LIES. LOL
Blocking u means he's irritated following means he is using ur stuff against us all
HE'S NOT BLOCKING,HE'S FOLLOWING

Did they fake being an Native American and steal a $500K/year teaching position that should've gone to a real Native American? NO
#DNC taking money from foreign nation...Why no investigation on Clinton Foundation while Sec.of State... MyMy fickle ethics! Lies
Pocahontas queen of ethics!
Trump won, move on.
you talk about ethics when u lied about your ethic background & supported crooked Hillary. You don't know the meaning the word.
Libtards will have plenty of time 4 tweeting as otherwise ignored as conservatives drain the swamp. Hope U do not drown!
Nobody believes the democrats lies anymore but nice try!
worried about billionaire DJT COI when Obamas net worth rose 438%, Clintons made 238 mil after leaving WH broke.  Come on man....
Says millionaire Fauxcohontas. #PotMeetKettle
You use the words billionaires & CEOs in a derogatory tone to imply guilt & wrong doings when in fact they've done nothing wrong.
thank God Putin exposed these democommies..and they can only do what they do best, throw tantrums..no power to stop progress..
you used to be a decent woman Warren but you sold your soul to the devil to
where is the outrage on all the people that have lost their lives because of this evil human sack of poo
.@SenWarren you talk like @EricHolder didn't havea criminal record or the fact lobbyists became richer under obama then anyone. #HYPOCRITE
conducted a corrupt campaign so she could have a corrupt presidency
not to mention honest Hillary crooked and Evil from the beginning
Elizabeth, your best buddies sleep with satan.
~ What did Soros' puppets, t/Muslim pres & loser HRC, accomplish in 8yrs?
• keep it up b/c wewining
#TRUMP2020  #MAGA
Beware of the useful idiots that's all of you liberals
-- I've more Native American DNA than this snake in the t'p, Ethics?  I'm offened & demand she goes to her lying safe space!
not to mention how you guys want to destroy our constitutional rights ....where's the outrage?
You really are hopeless. Lies lies lies
-- coming fr split tongue liesalot Pocahontas, Ethics- WTHO?  How many times did sen. ImNativeAmerican lie? hrc compliant! HAA!
of course this is just the tip of the iceberg ...but what about Obama's fake birth certificate? Where's the outrage?
of course we have all these honest people that we could have do the background check as well
if warren doesn't like them - @realDonaldTrump must be doing something right!!
#whitenoise america can't hear you we are too busy winning all the time since trump and GOP spanked your party
of course, we could always ask these guys to do the background check
maybe these people get help with the background check
Imagine you, talking about ethics. What a joke. When did you find God? #tcot
interesting coming from millionaires like you, Nancy and Hillary! Stupid Hypocrites
bet it's pretty scary thinking Trump has people who get the job done..not cons and and clowns..democommies will never rule again.
God forbid we actually have people in government who've actually accomplished something in the private sector. #DCisBroken
a little more background check into these insane cabinet members would have been good
Pocahontas
let's worry about things that are really evil, like people like you who are part of this or who willingly look the other way.
YOU have no f**king ethics!

Terror Experts ‘Very Concerned’ About Sen Warren Aide and His Radical Mosque
Get a life heffer!!! You lost suck it up and shut up!!! Thanks
give it a rest.
start putting you efforts towards something that is a real threat
...go away, Betty...you aren't going to win. Stop,trying.
You need to go back in your teepee and drink some firewater.
dork
better than what your side has produced
Go back to sleep your delusional
DEMS have lost ground now last 4 elections. Please STAY THE COURSE. RIP DNC
PLEASE PLEASE CONTINUE on this same course. PLEASE tap Ellison as DNC chair. We wd love for Dems 2 never win another election.
Yeah, Clintons had to set up massive money laundering operations to conceal theirs.
How's Harry Reid doing on that $2million law suit he's caught up in?
Are you upset grab your crying towel
Go cry a river Pocahontas!
@deejay90192 this is treason pure and simple. Arrest the assholes
@deejay90192 how can you all allow this to stand when trump and co won only because Russia gave it to him. HRC is the prez elect
isn't that how they plan to conduct business in the next 4 yrs?  Bullying their way past anything ethical?
time to fight dirty. Those  idiots have  no morals.
@liammom61 They are all crooks. Don't care about ethics or rules. Disgrace to humanity.
We are very concerned about the incoming #PutinTrump administration.  We'll need you to fight for the people!  @DanielleMuscato
Please stop them Sen Warren  We need ur help
@CalifCactus will do something just don't talk about it
Oh really go figure
that's because they are all sociopaths, just like #trump.

#meritocarcy FAIL!
@CheyneBopp Fight 'em, @SenWarren! Those Repub cowards will capitulate. They are afraid of Trump. So much for checks & balances.
What can we do before Tuesday?  I have called my senators in California.
and as usual the @democrats will ignore. We need a new party. This is ridiculous.
Tell me Senator Warren, what are you going to do about it other than tweet?
@mary_swilling what are you going to do about it?
but of course and will get away with everything just like their KingTrump horrible
got to love what Trump is doing so far, it will be even better in 13 days, dems./commies are through, yeah!!!
why don't you lead by a good example and investigate Hillary's foundation first! Maybe than u will have some room to talk.
you upset by the fact your kind has totally lied to us. Time for business leaders to show politicians how to do there jobs.
Why do you have such a hard on for President-elect Trump? I think you want to screw him!
sounds like someone else that was running. Your bro hilldawg
Good, why give up a lifetime of work, you wouldn't
when are we going to hold Trump accountable for being treasonous? #TreasonousTrump
Obama did far worse.
We have been so successful with your party these past 8 years? I think not. Time to try another way.
proof?
a nationwide demonstration at all city halls should take attention from the screaming diva and elite buddies on Inauguration Day.
can't you and Sanders have a protest nationwide at every city hall on Inauguration Day? You have the ways to get trump out..
They're following Trumps lead. Nice.
great Liz see if they ,,need coffee and donuts
your girl Hillary Clinton and the foundation was sqeaky clean, it's amazing that we didn't vote for her/your BS
can't wait to hear you grill devos this Monday via HELP! Stand up for students!!!
They all need to be investigated, how the he'll did Trump get elected.He should not be sworn in until after Russia investigation
do you tweet this stuff with a straight face? You rich, unethical liar.
Why isn't Trump being arrested for treason? Tax fraud?
We must make them accountable...
Hold them accountable and continue to demand these documents.
do not let them have their way.  Obstruct, block
I'd actually rather have successful businessmen working on things than a loudmouth like you. And I'm not a republican.
BERNIE WOULDA WON
And how can the public enforce the rules?

  https://twitter.com/k_brucks/status/816745858997821440 …
      
@@EricHolder @JerryBrownGov @NormEisen
California Hires Eric Holder as Legal Bulwark Against Donald Trump, via @nytimes http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/04/us/california-eric-holder-donald-trump.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
.@SenWarren Put a lid on it Pocahontas
And? Its a dictatorship...its going to get worse.
Why isnt every DEM leader making their voice heard? !
@kodiak149 They are just following their lying leader.
@KevinDarryl well they are in control now so the Dem's better step up their game plan!!
Dem's are going to have to get down and dirty if we want to stay in the game!
exactly!! They lose by not fighting for their own cause!!!
@KevinDarryl so we're going to let all these thugs take over unchecked???
@Jojo_Lovejoy Who Will Make Them Step Up & Hold Them Accountable??? & When??
'We, the people...'

#TheResistance
It seems that way now days.
#RobberBarons #Govt4Sale
what can the democrats do about this? Hear nothing from schumer. . It's disheartening.
what no injuns in the cabinet? #HarvardJob
Name a cabinet that didn't have billionaires?  When your the best at something usually $$ follows but you wouldn't know. #Loser
- WHY isn't anyone stopping this insanity?! This whole DT nightmare is exactly that, a NIGHTMARE! 
,success brings them memory losses.
they just think anyone without the thought of public can run
He obviously doesn't understand government - will be a continuous problem. Many want to see his tax returns.
No taxes from Russian Rex, or Russian treason trump, self dealing w/con fam & DT will continue as tax payers pay. We're toast 
And you think you are an indian. LOL
got proof? #MAGA
Yeah...
Bernie would have won
Yet you backed CLINTONS FOR POTUS & YOU ARE ALSO A MILLIONAIRE... DNC FUNDED BY MILLIONAIRES-Your Hypocracy is LAUGHABLE
18 U.S. Code § 208 - Acts affecting a personal financial interest. Oh, wait. you're exempt as is the rest of Congress...
And this surprises you how lol
It's gonna be a long 4 years. Glad that you are on our side Senator!
Go get em.  Whatever it takes.
Sure Pocahontas I'll listen to you. Fraud!!!!
The Trumpism has begun. From this point on, Important issues will become minor, and minor Issues will become important. 
used up old liberal with no future.
ya like you care. You support the biggest criminal Hillary Clinton.
guess you a trying to take Harry Reid's title as biggest lier n biggest cry baby
u think Gov has ethics? The USA government is the biggest organized crime ring in world history. That ends with trump thank god
Can't believe the numbers following your thought train. Drones, clones, and coolaid drinkers... For sure
YOU ENDORSED CLINTON AND YOU SAY THEY HAVE BACKGROUND CHECK ISSUES?????? WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU WOMAN??????
Feel much better they are being pressed to do this
We should bombard them with the noise of our, 65 million plus strong, discontent.  Agitate for our Amer. birthright.
GOP is corrupt to its core; taking care of themselves & to hell w/everyone else. They'll wreck EVERYTHING. That's what they do.
don't talk to me about ethics anymore, Elizabeth. You endorsed the Wall Street candidate. This is coming from a former liberal.
