And your bill will bankrupt us...you and bernie should give up your benefits and go on obamacare
Jesus Christ, shut the he'll up about this shit.  I you you want single payer, you go on it 1st. People will die waiting in long lines.
It's called socialism. Please stop with the big gov BS
I just skimmed over the details of the bill. Looks great to me.
I missed the version that you wrote. Please post
more fake Indian bull
Oh Dizz-Lizz I pity ur husband, if u have one, that mouth never shuts up with nonsense! Oh I know, headed to the floor!
Stand up for the people who need healthcare the most.

Such a caring person you are, Not
Don't just criticize, let us buy it outside our states. Best hcare fix is a single payer system, aimcare.
Aimcare controls hcare cost. Eventually integrate artificial intelligence to diagnose wellness checkup.
This self centered president and congress will never pass aimcare, as they would lose big pharma and other reelection lobbies.
you're a real Negative Nancy aren't you?
? Are steroids covered by Graham-Cassidy?
get feelings and emotions out of it please, those are irrelevant to policy
Why does it have enough votes?  Who digressed?
#GoP to get a bill though it's the only way they can stop trump he to stupid and will sign it  will stop reelection when all lose Healtcare
Please, please, please keep fighting for us.
Its TRUMPCARE regardless of what ever name you give it.
Quit meddling in people's health insurance options. Get out of the way and let the free market work.
There's been nothing more cruel than your Obamacare plan what a mess you've created and now you blame everyone else Pocahontas
Steroids that wouldn't be covered...
The only thing they know how to do is to double-down on a dumb or cruel idea. In 7 YEARS, this is the BEST they can manage.
Seriously, we at the grassroots level rely on our Senators to refocus media attention on this!  Stage rallys, sit-in's, etc - give us a hand
which incorrect cbo numbers will y'all be peddling this time?
I think Obamacare is a cruel joke on my family but you don't seem to give a shit.
Deplorable
What??? Government run anything will fail. Rule #1 about my gment: it will cost more and you'll get less of it. Free enterprise is the way
Single payer has a 100% failure rate  look the the rest of the world. My god you're all idiots. Most of all you lez
Anything is better than the crap u Dems rammed down Americans throat in 2010. Taxing ppl(penalizing) them for not signing up was absurd.
#WarrenFranken2020
I hope that the same republicans who voted no before won't change their vote this time.
Current is more cruel. Forcing folks to pay for coverage they will never need
so who's giving their vote due to money from insurance companies? who do we shame - who do we call?
What's good for the American people should be good for Congress
It's immoral for force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare but then again if it is so great Congress wouldn't exempt itself
@SenateDems should all vote NO on this 4th attempt to repeal the ACA. Voting yes will seal their fate of losing in 2018. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Why do they keep pushing for such a heartless bill? So much hatred towards its own people!
They don't care about the people. They just want to undo everything that Obama did to help people.
I live in Boston. Who can I call?
U best be talking to McCain. He'll prob vote for his friends bill. Blue Sts better sue over this law stealing funds frm them to bribe Govs
To bad liberals like you are to afraid to tackle a mess and can only boo hoo. take control of your own state and the handout.
Term limits


maybe they act like you because state and healthcare exposed more SSN than @Equifax $EFX

Does she have a golf ball stuck in her mouth
Cruel to who? You made me pay 20k a year for insurance I can't afford and taxed me 5k so you can provide those millions healthcare?
most of us know GC is bad
but you are supposed to offer guidance on what to do
As cruel as stealing money from people and pretending to be virtuous? Or lying about minority status to receive special treatment?
Looks to me like you've been taking steroids. #Pocahontas
Kodi bot
Please continue to fight this effort, Sen Warren.
Are you okay Senator? Your off the wall actions give voters concern for your mental condition. Just asking!
#LiberalLies.What they want is Socialized medicine run by the elites in office like her. Socialism gives people like her money & power, fame
Can we keep our Dr. this time? Or are you going to play fake medicine man for is again?
Life is cruel there is no way out alive. Keep lying to the people and we will go broke and still have shitty healthcare.
fascist left wing socialist fake news
William Bot
Besides who could trust a woman that lied and said she was Native American when she wasn't. For personal gain?? 
You senator voted for Obamacare. You're a hypocrite for saying anything else is bad when you created this mess. Keep doctor keep plan???
Never intended to be improved for most people, just for far right of party to vote yes. No cost control, more expensive for most.
Does it make health care affordable for Young working Americans & middle class. ACA is not affordable for us.
No more so than prior to ACA. ACA was about expanding coverage. GOP not interested in that or reducing costs for healthcare in general.
I'm personally for it.  We don't want socialism. If you want more or better healthcare than let your state decide that and pay for it
You and bernies plan is cruel and stupid for America.
Bring it!
Kudos for keeping health care in quotes. It's a tax cut bill that will kill people.  Republicans have no shame or heart.  Just greed.
Walks like a duck, looks Like a duck is a duck!!!!
It’s just rebranding with a slightly more well known senator attached to it.
You do realize that "rich old white guys" also pertain to the Dems as well right?
If Senators had to use this as their healthcare, they wouldn't pass it. @SenWarren stop them by requiring that the Senate to use it.
Obamacare sucks!  You should have it #fauxahontas
GOP only care about ONE issue, tax cuts for the rich... PERIOD. #VoteEmOut2018
Good cuz im tired of paying for other peoples problems. I have my own crap and I make it !
Have you read it Lizzie or are you to busy out campaigning #where'swarrren
What's the CBO score for single payer?  $32 trillion dollars in ten years. Welcome to bankrupting a country.
Does it still include massive tax cut?
When does it get scored?
Why even call it "health care" when it's simply a "Tax Break" bill for 2%
Spoken like a true lemming. Just keep following those democrats into socialism. Look at Venezuela and see how happy those folks are
It's unbelievable that they found a way to make it worse by allowing rates to rise at any time, pricing you out when it's most needed.
Its Obamacare. That's what senator Warren pushed and voted for.   It's imploding just like the republicans said it would
@SenateDems Thank you so much for fighting  and standing up for Healthcare  and our American  Democracy.
Complain complain. Claim u r Indian to get a job how sad they wld not have taken u otherwise LOL crooked check bank accts & expenses.
Whu whu whu........
Folks, this so-called #SkinnyRepeal is no latte. #GrahamCassidy will hurt millions of poor and older Americans. Call your MoC. Repeatedly!
yes, republican sadism at work
Well your ACA did nothing to help wth my kids' preexisting conditions. So let's give the Reps a chance.
Oh Pocahontas, tell us it's not true, a cruel healthcare bill?  Is thatlike being forced to buy something you don't want?
Husker the illmannered delusioned deplorable!
So, you claim to be a "Certified Gentleman" yet hurl insults at anyone you disagree with?  Has your therapist cured you of Hitlary's defeat?
So what are you and we to do? Pray, yes, but I certainly hope the power and position God gave you can help in this.
We are sick of the @GOP trying to destroy the lives of millions of Americans. We must revolt at the polls in 2018 & rid ourselves of GOP
Sure. Elect communist to destroy our country
Angel #not
Did your medicine man tell you this?
Please post the current full bill out here for us
How she hasn't read it! She just spews the same shit
Funny, but I don't think I was asking you a damn thing.
Funny how you post something stupid in a public forum and expect no response. Pretty typical for a lib
Why because I disagree with you! Who have you ever served other than yourself!
Having debates is not the issue. You can't claim to be a Marine and support the ideals Trump spews.
Really a strong military, strong borders, defending a nation! 95% of anyone that ever served will stand for that! Not the disgrace prior
Pocahontas truth 
If on Steroids the Bill was improved so let's get it passed
Death care.... call now ppl 202-204-3121
As a Republican, you know your bill is horrid when perennial GOP ass Gingrich (who wants poor kids to be janitors!) comes out against it.
No no no
Wth, Irma has had me behind on import topics.. wth is happening? Reading ur tweets now, Liz. #ResistTrump #HealthCare #CivilRight
Cruelty on steroids.

Why should I pay for your health insurance?
But...but...but...wont it make america great again?
We need you for 2020
