1950's Communism: better than the 1940's Fascism the GOP wants.
Eh, debatable. Two sides of the same coin.
Government funded public goods is neither communism or capitalism.  It's just government funded public goods.
Compulsory tax funded public "goods".
3/. Either way:  That's why we establish governments - to coordinate public will and provide public goods.
And the results are usually problematic.
We need to demand public goods rather than subsidies to narrow interests.  Instead, we just yell at the fed gov to stop issuing the dollars
What about Middle class people that actually have jobs or work?! Anything increases if it's FREE! #MAGA FOR ALL this is why Trump won!
That's why the federal government, as our sovereign currency issuer, needs to fund broad public purpose.  As Adam Smith wrote:  The job
Why is there no aid for middle class families that spend 10+ years paying student loans? We could use debt-free just as much, if not more...
We need federally funded higher ed.  States are revenue constrained in their ability to spend.  The fed gov just issues the $ everyone
When I started my journey at BU I was told by the FINAID dept "Don't come here if you can't afford it"I guess that only applies to mid class
Wow that financial aid guy was a dick
It was a woman! I'm glad I went to BU, I loved it, but after our finaid experience watching them hand out tuition & take pride in it irks me
I love your attitude of "if I can't have it, no one else should get it" 
She's staying an experience that a lot of middle class kids go through for college financial aid. She never said kids shouldn't get aid
Sure! " watching them hand out tuition & take pride in it irks me"
It does. It's nothing to take pride of when they deny aid for being middle class. It's a nationwide problem. Not a personal one.
So kids shouldn't get it?
Pretty sure it's geared towards welfare kids. Getting a degree off the backs of middle class hard workers. Way to go BU
... who are better able to support themselves and pay more back into society than if they stayed uneducated.  Think beyond the next 5 min.
Yea. Your right. Makes sense. Most professors are liberal minded. More freeloaders to brainwash.
Right, because a college degree makes you, what, less employable?
Look at the statistics of college grads unemployed
Still lower than for those w/o a degree.
This might have been moot if you had endorsed a better candidate for president. Do you ever stop to think about that?
Let them lay their way like college students before them or don't go to college!
That is failingThey've announced they cannot afford give you free school. Elizabeth Warren lives off tax payers
What a surprise!! Providing debt-free college leads to a rise in applications, as obvious as the notion that bears defecate in the woods
That's how it should be. There are lot of people who want to go to college but they can't just afford the cost. Way to go Boston U!!!
How many people really need an education? Or will respect an education if it were free. Just lower the price of public college.
Guess you haven't heard how some states just can't keep paying for free college. It's not free money comes from somewhere...........
#TheWayItWillBeNationwide
Not surprised, free tends to increase things, but it's not free really is it? You speak with fork tongue.
what about the babies you support being killed who never get a chance at life or college?
It's the middle class students not eligible for financial aid most burdened by debt!
I should retire early so that my kids can be qualified for "dept-free" college?  should I? 
I feel very delighted that the low income student will also have chance to study and build their bright future
Great idea in theory, but somewhere someone has to pay the price, who pays the professors, building upkeep etc? It's never free. Don't lie
Whose money are y'all using for debt free college? Taxpayers? Curious? Exactly how long do you think this will last? Seems tax hikes coming
Sure, will they get free computers also !? You are such a democrat ! Makes me ill !
Something for nothing?! Well, sign me up.
What about pell grant students who just graduated 
I agree with you Elizabeth
Getting things for free usually does moron. Someone still pays. Only an idiot thinks otherwise
WAY TO GO BOSTON. ALWAYS A LEADER.
most rich people will cry: "but my lazy kid wont get a free seat now..."
well, this is America ladies and gents, no free seats...
Oh good lord, please let this be sarcasm.
college seats are not for sale...
they are for smart kids, who are willing to work for it, regardless of their economic background...
False. Colleges charge for attendance.

Government subsidies have allowed those charges to become increasingly exorbitant.
colleges should be tuition free, so it will allow people who really want to be doctors become docs, rather than people wanting to monetize
No such thing as free. Someone's paying.

You're arguing for Socialism, implying government manages your money better than you. Bull.
"tuition free college" means kids dont pay for a seat.
so rather than depending on their dadys fat wallet, they will have to study harder...
Your trust in government is mad. The ideas you're espousing have been tried, most recently in Venezuela. It never ends well.
Wow, so how many degrees does it take to understand that if college is free enrollment will go up?! SMH..
You realize schools screen applicants and only take so many, right?
Fee free free. Nothing is free. We pay for them.
And ppl wonder why college costs go through the roof.  Why isn't middle income families go into debt to pay for other kids?????
Yea but how many will finish without any skin in the game?
Free college.  Free healthcare.  Why don't we make everything free.  Why do we even need the concept of money.  Free money for everyone!
free money for illegals here and other countries. Not just US Citizens. The whole world should get our free stuff. Not my stuff of course
Ya... Think....
Great. If they drop out, they should have to pay it back!
Of course enrollment is up...free education!
Awesome. As middle class students get buried under 30 year payment plans. U suck
Shut up Pocahontas
How about liar free Senate? That's what we need.
RT @SenWarren: https://twitter.com/SenWarren/statuses/905859062100893697 … why is education a right?
Debt-free college for low-income Boston U students leads to a boost in their enrollment! Way to go @BU_Tweets! https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2017/09/07/boston-university-financial-aid-change-yields-sizable-increase-pell-eligible …
More free stuff - when are you going to do something for the middle class
Be for America. Not just Boston.
Favoritism
Translation: more big government and piss on the middle classes hard work.

If it's free it won't be respected.
who is paying for that?
Yes because the debt millions of ALREADY graduated students can bankroll another million student loans!! Not right!!!
Senator Warren, is it reasonable to assume that blockchain technologies can provide the answer to many of our current crisis?  Thank you.
Way to go
And bankruptcy for the institutions will follow
How about creating jobs so everyone is not so poor?
Who pays for it? Nothing is frss
So it's ok to break our laws, you should be enforcing our law not kissing illegals asses just for votes, disgusting congress
Will you use your wampam to pay for it !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well of course free college will lead to a boost in enrollment. Doesn't take a Boston U education to see that coming.
Wow! That's great! Unless you're a child of hard working parents who can't afford to send him or her to college of course.
While the middle income students get screwed again. Talking about discrimination. If tou can't afford, Join the armed services and earn it.
Hey Squaw Running Mouth, homeless Americans are people too
Are you going to give the majority of your salary back to low income students? Or, are you keeping every penny..Of your sqaw salary?
Debt free for who? R The professors going to start working for free now. Someone has to pay for it! who?
DACA IS NO MORE THAN EXTORTION BY THE GOV WHITH NO PATH TO CTIZENSHIP YOU LIE
Wonder how many are even qualified to go to college? Thank a taxpayer for your "free" tuition.
Socialism pure and simple
Can I be reimburse for the $200,000 I spent on sending my kids to college
Yep tax the rich and corprate profits at the proven economic stimulus rate of 70%.
350k to teach one class. Hypocrite.
What's that? Free college leads to boost enrollment? #StopThePresses
65k a year free? It's never free the paying students foot the bill... complete joke
Duh.
sat here and saw a Trump TV ad. Everything is fixed. WHY NO CANDIDATE YET? Trump is campaigning? It's over already i fear. They are smarter!
Doesn't take much to out smart the likes of Warren, just listen to her.
How do you get "it's" free? Taxpayers pay!!!
Liz UV got to B kidding me! Debt free college? Going to BU free of cost? What kind of values does that impose on young ppl today?
And it's not free!!! Someone is paying for it. So I have to pay for other kids tuition and my own.
Let me see... Pocahontas favors free healthcare, free college education, open borders... who the hell pays for this?
Do you plan on returning corrupt Sen. Menendez  $5,000 donation to your campaign?  It's bribery money you know !

Who pays for it
Everyone deserves higher education
Even middle-class kids. Our kids have to work in high school and the others are having to work in college. Paying their own way. 
No kidding! Gee I wonder how many are dreamers. Getting that free gov cheese. Low income free ride, under the table income parents.
What about debt-free college for all by having the government stop backing student loans, therefore driving the price down?
While you're at it get rid of the greatest #unemployment / skill deficiency causing policy on the books... #minimumwage

Sounds good but nothing is free. Who are you going to steal the money from ?
You have no chance of re-election, you realize that don't you?
Those with existing pounding college debt need relief. We never are able to touch the principle, only the 6% interest rate. Help is needed.
Promising free stuff to boost your voting base, kinda like lbj quote about having them @##$# voting Democrat for the next 200 years lookitup
Congrats to BUI for their innovative solution!! Anytime you elevate the lowest you elevate the world!
When are you going to learn that nothing is free. Someone is paying for this.
Meanwhile I go into $70k debt still being paid off 15 years later. #ScrewYou #Pocahontas
Debt free for all would be good too.
for wvery freebee, someone goes in dept. Where the hell do u think money comes from. Government already owes China Trillions of dollars. 
Yes!!
There is no free ride somebody pays for it
And dems wonder why middle class is getting fed up! No help for the hard working class.
I don't need to be part of the Democrat Slave Plantation.. I will take care of my sons College myself
Tuition should be free for all or none. Why should I have to spend life savings to send my child to college for other to go free.Same degree
That's where all my tax dollars have been going! I've been wondering why I have to work so many hours, now I know-4 these poor Boston kids!
Bunch of commies is that where u send impressionable youth to get brain washed pocohontas?
Giving free college will lead Most to taking it for granted.
Yes but we tax payers are paying for it
Yes but who pays? Think about it welfare is free to
She cares only for the poor, illegals and those who can finance her campaigns, other than that she doesn't give a crap about middle class
Tweets the woman who charges $400k to teach one class. U R part of the problem of the high cost of college you hypocrite
Congratulations Boston U.   Way to go.
The money lost from colleges for these programs will need to be made up by taxes. It's called "Taxachusetts" for a reason.
Where is the money  coming from you?
what 'bout all those who owe to those scam schools? Trump U. ITT, Rassmussan?# hmmmm?
Who pays for it tho
So you're saying you gave a bunch of people free stuff and they took it?  What a shock. 20 TRILLION Debt! 20 TRILLION DEBT! 20 TRILLION DEBT
So your low income u get a free education but if your middle class you pay?  doesnt sound fair to me. Im sorry I work not to be low income
Seems REALLY unfair and BS to me.  I paid FULL tuition with NO help or discounts whatsoever, sacrificed so much to do this.
Of course it will boost enrollment. How long can it be free? You promise free everything. We the people are not stupid. Taxes will pay. Dope
Let's implement it to the rest of country
I'm confused so your saying they accepted more students because of this? Or did they just add more low income, not more students.  FAKE NEWS
along with my taxes
Stop giving away OUR money. If we want to donate or give to charity we will. It's not your job to do so #smallgovernment
Free tuition leads to more people using it.  Imagine that!   Now the FREE money comes from OUR tax dollars. Let the people decide
Love how you liberals can so easily ignore the reality of your own pronouncements.
Seriously -- Debt Free? Someone must pay, old woman!
Put 4 kids through college and could never get that Pell grant and never knew another middle class family that did. Just worked endless OT
Yeah free degree in more fields of great import. Like 13th century LGBTQRX studies!!
Ah yes, more free shit! Buying yourself votes! #pocahantas
Glad you brought it up!  How much does BU pay the City of Boston in lieu if taxes?  How much does Harvard pay?  Now compare endowments
THAT IS WHAT WILL HELP MANKIND !WHO KNOWS MAYBE THERE IS ANOTHER EINSTEIN IN OUR MIDST !MAYBE WE CAN REACH THE FURTHEST STARS ONE DAY!
But no boost in employment! Most will still end up flipping burgers and other low pay job's!
Why do u keep using the term "Free" as in "Debt-Free"??  Nothing is "Free"!  Somebody is Paying for that.  U just don't want to say whom.
If you want equal pay for equal work, shouldn't you promote equal cost for equal education?
Who knew give it away for free and people will take it. Well not for free have other people pay the tax payers and they will take it!
More taxpayer handouts.
Go BU! Boston strong!
Well duh! You give away anything free and people will take it.
I'm hoping they are all US Citizens or here legally. Illegals should not be given this over an actual Citizen.
People in Boston don't need cheaper schools. They need better schools.
Who pays?
Why does working tax payers have to pay for other children than there own. They need to get loans like everyone else.
Lets get to be like Europe and free college !  all it takes is a little work...  if they can do it-so can we !
"Europe" does not have free college. Lol. Greetings from Holland
greetings from the country with the most expensive college on the planet :)
Yes and also the best colleges. Besides, college tuition has gone through the roof in recent decades due to federal loans
Your welcome taking our tax money for it always free when someone else is paying for it
You will not stop your foolish spending until our great country is bankrupt!    You democrats are absolutely stupid!!!
Massachusetts has the highest number of college graduates in the country...Other states take notice
We have very little other industry
@LydiaAnn123
Middle class will pay.  Nothing is free and if someone tells you different they are fools.
Yes, let the private sector figure it out. Supply/demand.
Nice try.  Small school with big endowment and a large gift from someone.
I take it that YOU'RE going to pay for everyone Ms. Warren?  In that case, thank you!
College meant something years ago. Not anymore. Doesn't teach kids anything about life or how to succeed out of college.
What about the middle class?  College is exp. 4 us too. Can't you make it affordable for everyone w/o debt they I die?
Big deal go to trade school
Yeah they should have applied as a Minority just like you did
Then it would have been free!!!!!!!
Weird how programs like this would lead to greater economic growth than cutting taxes for millionaires, right?
Does this include graduate school?
Duh. Give free tuition and enrollment will soar.
Warren is silent on the overpaid academics b/c she used to be one.  Never talks about root cause of colleges gouging kids, blames lenders.
That's wonderful. Elizabeth. Great job. Who's gonna pay for all this free shit you and Bernie are handing out.  This is why you're GONE.
Awesome! Michigan next?!
Actually, yes! UofM will be offering something similar next spring.
You do realize they admit more private payers/international students than low-income right? This is a blip when their endowment can do more.
you're paying for this, right?
Christ! You're just #INSANE! #MAGA!
Great!!.
You should have endorsed Bernie last year! We might not be in our current mess if you had!!!
20 trillion in debt would be alot more
At least it would be going to help people, and not all spent at Trump properties.
Somebody eventually has to pay. Been to Greece or Venuezuela recently?
What's that got to do with the US? Been to Russia lately??
hey pocahontas how about you retire and let someone not crazy have a shot at it?
