So glad my Senator is calling out this money grab for the rich!
Well she is right. Trump tax plan is not helping anybody Middle class. So you're either rich or clueless.
Then if you are not clueless then how can you be for a so called tax plan that economists say will explode the deficit and benefit the rich.
@dr_bruin @lovinabox  no tax cuts until he reveals his taxes
Repeating it isn't going to make it happen so move along little doggie
Yes and you have a picture of a man holding a head guess beheadings are okay with you!?
they should be made to pay taxes plus interest plus penalties If they are still unwilling to bring the money back they should be barred from
You give them a tax break they will pay taxes at a lower rate because they want to come back which will benefit our economy and job creation
The reason they do this is US tax is the highest in the developed world. Most countries are slashing corporate taxes to compete for jobs
What better way of abolishing our Democracy by starving it to death Mission Accomplished
Surprise! Their father helped Hitler set up the Nazi oil refineries that powered the Blitzkrieg in WW2.
Guess where all the Nazis landed after WWIi. GOP in the USA!
Liberals are the Enemy!
Yeah Hitler stated the same about Liberals in numerous speechs!
This real people!!
I meant to say.. This is real people!! We got to pay attention!!
Yes, cut the corp tax and bring it back to this country. Only way to kick start the economy.
Not surprise trump is the big business usually funding the palotitiond for tax cuts all he's done now is cut out the middle man.
WELL IF YOU HAD A BRAIN YOU WOULD KNOW IT IS BECAUSE OF THE HUGE AMOUNT OF TAXES THEY HAVE TO PAY THANKS TO OBAMA AND YOUR PARTY. PUTZ
Trickle down economics has been proven false since its inception. It only benefits those with money. One drop does not a trickle make.
That's part of his genuine agenda for becoming President.His $$$goes up & will be astounding if he finishes term
It would help if you understood business! He is a billionaire who can help our country come out of the disparity you democrats caused!
The Obama administration lost $6.5trn in the DoD between 08-16! You don't get to take the moral high ground on finances. #MAGA #Trump
No he didn't. Come on. Stop taking drugs. It really is rotting your brain.
All that money is overseas due to the ridiculously high corporate tax rate. Learn simple economics.
The effective tax rate for large corporations is around 20% with all the loopholes. They're not bringing the money back.
There are enough loopholes that many of these large companies don't pay taxes already, some even owed money because they "paid" too much
Like they need more financial help from our government. I thought it was a free market system. Taxes are part of the cost of business.
1/2
2/2
And liberal policies have given us $20 trillion in debt
He wants to give them a tax cut so he can get a kick back. Business as usual.
Money hoarding is what keeps peolle poor no reinvestment into co,munitions or employee Healthcare. Make them pay massive tax bills
They won't bring it back if you don't cut the corp rate. Better some of the money than none. #useyoutbrain #cuttherate
They ain't bringing it back period. Unless you're a millionaire, this #TaxBillScam is gonna hurt you!
Corporate Taxes are too damn high! Why else do you think companies refuse to give workers 40 hrs and pay for health benefits?  #dumbtweets
Good one Pocahontas
Couldn't have said any better.
ONLY WAY he and Republicans can do that is by destroying Obamacare for MILLIONS OF AMERICANS. They can't get the tax bill until ACA is dead
Can't wait to get rid of that piece of trash law.
What surprises me is all those sheep who support him knowing all this and fact that his family is allso milking the USA as well as employes
Sorry to say it, but isn't that how all busines people do it. To make them or the company save money?
If I had the money I would do the same
These greedy psychopaths want ALL the money for themselves. ALL of it.
If you want that money to come back to the American economy, maybe it's a good idea to lower taxes for corporations
they've been lowered over the past 30 years.
their profits are at all time highs,
but they still don't think americans are worth hiring.
We still have the highest corporate tax rates in the industrialized world
USA can get away with higher taxes because it's a better place to do business. why did you think shanty towns have lower tax rates?
Obviously it's not a great place to do business in bc companies are moving profits overseas
Sweetie are you suggesting we leave it there. You can't make this stuff up.
I want a tax cut. I pay my taxes every single year. Every. Single. Year. Where's my reward?
He's even going to lower Democrats taxes how about that he's giving all Americans a tax break! And you're still bitching about it good grief
I don't earn enough for a tax break and surprise...you probably don't either. Stop drinking the Kool Aid and read a newspaper.
Because of the high taxes you libtards placed on those companies.
Yes because we need companies here in the US to employ Americans. No more globalization kills American jobs
Excuse me, this happened under Obama as well, where was the outrage then?
In Russia?
more boring than unflavored tofu!
Apple has $250 billion in cash offshore
Get that money back here.
How would you incentivize businesses to repatriate the money?
Taxes killing business in USASmall businesses can't surviveBig corporations forced overseas so they can make a profitWatch Trump and learn!
UNBELIEVEABLE - or maybe not, considering who it is who wants to give them the tax cut!!!  RIDICULOUS!!!
what did u do to make them bring it back?  U r such a hypocrite!  Pretty tough to look @ that mirror in the am?
You suck.
And get the $ back into the USA
he wants to cut taxes so they will bring the $$ back to USA in jobs #MAGA
And how much have you stored in your tepee?
As was pointed out, last time corporations got amnesty to re-patriate money, they just bought back stock, to make their execs richer.
We know, but I think it's best we be more disappointed because @BarackObama received $400k for a photo op...yeesh!
And the $ HRC sent to Afghans funneled to heroin crops ISIS Al. Quada etc u must be using it ! Read http://bit.ly/heroin2u  for an epiphany
I would think you would want that money to come back here instead of NOT!
Lorsque les entreprises rapatrier leurs trillions, elles créeront des millions d'emplois bien rémunérés!
No @realDonaldTrump is bringing the $$ back to #USA
You are an idiot Fauxcahontas; it's the huge tax rates that kept it there. You need to find a nice, big rock to crawl under
Much higher hidden than you are aware.
Since it was done illegally seize the money! Fine these Corporations that amount, at least, and put it toward infrastructure!! I'm serious!!
I agree Charles
Thank You Marcia!!
Thank U Elizabeth
We need help Senator Warren
So, what are YOU going do about it?  Are you going to use your power? Are you going to actually fight against this?
Why don't u guys give tax breaks but exempt everybody above a certain income level!  They should have to at least pay % middle class pays!
I want to marry you. Everything u say is right on and said with passion thank u for being true!
Says pocahontas
Hi: I feel 15% corporate tax, is an incentive  chance to bring a lot of the 2.5 Trill back.. Prez should offer 2-3 years only to pressurise
@portlandwoman If taxes are high, businesses have no incentive to keep money here. Anti-growth laws&rhetoric hinder our economy.
FUCK HIM HE IS A PIG
You seriously don't know what you're talking about or are being dishonest. Lowering the tax incentivizes Corps to bring money back into US.
And his Repugnant brothers are supporting him.
And their day is coming - November 6, 2018. Early forced retirement from politics because they no longer "respect the People's wishes". GONE
Shame
U sure Pres.Trump wants that? Pres.Obama spent 2 months on Richard Branson's private British Virgin Island, he pays no #UK taxes. Apple too!
SMH.companies leave the $ overseas to avoid paying high taxes. Lower rates & they will bring back & the gov can tax it.  0% of 2.6 tril is 0
They also create jobs
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news pocahontas go trump administration
Goodness I wish you had evidence, Ms. Warren. Wouldn't evidence be great?
Go away. Take polosi with you
Why can't normal thinking Americans understand this, then get mad at Republicans for their anti-Jesus Christ political philosophy?
I look forward to @TheDemocrats in #congress doing something about this
Your point Pocahontas is????
Elizabeth Warren is a racist and a very sick woman.  She should be ignored by all good people.
Stay on him.  Like stink on shit girl!  #wearewithyou
It's time to start seizing those off shore accounts.
It's offshore because of you crazy illiterate communists. I would too
lies by pocohanas!
Because of your greed, and need for excessive spending, and excessive taxes, they keep money away from you.
Republican fiscal policies have never delivered what they promised . They are a scam
No, he wants the money repatriated, and in order to entice companies to do this, it makes sense to offer a tax break.  Econ 101
just more lies. don't believe this person.
really?  but is didn't stop you rom sucking up to Hillary who has billions offshore. made illegally thru the Clinton foundation.
And just how many americans do those corporations employ ?
No limit apparently to Trump's, baffoon utterances to the embarrassment of all of us.100 days of his UGLY feels like 1,000. Drop dead I pray
Duh - it's to get the money back in America and encourage & incentivize American Made products. Whining just to whine.
U know how to slash defects and health care cost,  give to the Rich costs believe me they have more then enough $$$ take care f it
Igh
So please focus on that and leave Obama alone.
I am appalled and angry.
Without the tax break, the funds will stay off shore.
Block him!
Pretty much sucks he wants to stick it to we taxpayers!   Please block his BS as much as possible! You rock!  on the View last week!
Rent seeking is dangerous those tax cuts would be better suited for lower and middle income family and struggling business that create jobs
But by having such a large net the government loses too much revenue it has to raise it elsewhere and that hits individuals
So why don't you work with your fellow senators to bring it back. Oh because your all in bed together that's why. Corporations= politicians
At least he's doing something to try to bring it back into the country! What have done to bring those $'s back?
Since you can't force those trillions back to the US, how would you get them back competing with Irelands 12% tax.  wait you don't 'compete'
The irony is that trumpkins, hold this as the norm, while putting a heel on the necks of poor immigrants
It's called making them bring it back, based on his tax changes
Did you say anything when @POTUS44 gave @georgesoros rights offshore.  Or, do you get money from Soros, too.  Hypocrite!
Yes but is very doubtful his tax reform which is not a reform will ever pass. I think Trump is about to call it quits & try to avoid prison.
And they won't bring jobs back not profitable
Well, isn't that typical Republican tax evasion?
The Traitor in Chief is lining his and his buddies pockets!
until you grasp Eco 101 plz do us all a favor and just #ShutUp you are obviously clueless to running a biz
You conveniently left out the part where he will tax the hell out of them..Ommission is still lying, like you did on your college app.
The hypocrisy never ceases

#obama
#Fauxbama
#FOEbama
Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that" 
What hypocrisy? She's calling them both out.  Although former pres doesn't need policing (fees no one's business), but current one does.
Democrats only get upset when someone other than themselves get paid. The height of hypocrisy.
First Barack with 2 huge payouts on speaking engagements yesterday and then today Michelle gets a huge payoff on the speaking engagement
How come no upset over the Obamas excepting huge payments from those same corporations that you're complaining about.
@HouseGOP 2018
Why wouldn't they are tax rates are astronomical.   Get with it.
I'm a progressive and I firmly believe in repatriation
He slashed taxes on small business (39% to 15%), & closed loopholes on rich, while cutting tax from 39 to 35%. Why do U lie about this?
You do understand why they haven't brought the money back right? Or why international companies need funds overseas?
Tell us where you stash your profits Pocahontas !
Companies will repatriate the profits and raise dividends and stock buybacks, not for job growth.  This is a terrible idea for middle class.
Stop rewarding corporations for doing the wrong thing.
You all forget the biggest tax cut is going to the middle class you just don't want to admit or say it!! Obstructionists!
Not just any tax cut - largest ever cut from 35% to 15% and 1-time oversease investment tax & NO estate tax--- specifics important!
The Clinton's have stashed more$$!! Now former Pres. Obama will start his "stash$$" tour!! Last time this will happen! Thanks to #POTUS45!
Investigate Russian collusion.
DJT says this job is too hard. Liked his other one better. He can do us a favor by resigning.
DT is out for DT
Corps will take that free money and boost there bottom line. Workers won't get any benefit. Create new jobs. Don't think so.
How about tweeting something positive, what are you doing for America. #growup
But by all means -Keep bashing Pres O - Currently a Russian puppet is our president but u take time to b troubled by Obama?!! FU! I'm 
The poor what
It doesn't matter how low the tax rate is, the large corp have so many loopholes they end up paying nothing & it is the small cos who pay!
What are you doing about this?!?!
Run the country like a business means unbridled profits over people and planet without prejudice. Leverage US wealth for short term profit
Lieawatha why don't you just go back to Haaaavaad. You're worse that fingernails on a chalkboard.
Foundations too, heard Clinton foundation did in ME. Is that why you endorsed her and say the right thing as your cover for evil?
You and your party are a bunch of hypocrites, you complain of these company having all this money, but yet your pockets are  just as full!!
@hardball @ThisWeekABC @CNNPolitics @morningmika What happened to "drain the swamp"? Trump IS the cesspool! #TrumpsPoisonWell #TrumpCessPool
Trump has added a whole new meaning to idiocy & irrationality. Oh well, as a friend says..."you can't fix STOOPID!". (& hi from Canada, eh?)
And how much do you have "stashed" over there Suzy???
Dems need to get their act together and get behind a strong representative leader. Criticizing is fine but leading is what is important.
And the Republican Congress will let him
Reason they do so is because of unnecessarily high taxes to begin with! It's called big govt and it sucks.... And you're a proponent of it
Bernie needs to pay his taxes. Democrats don't like to pay their taxes just take everyone else's $$$ frauds
Well yeah, @IvankaTrump Ivan& @jaredkushner JaredKuneed to cheat and steal MORE $$From the American people just like Trump, #TrumpFamCHEATS
That is what I exactly I've been saying he's giving tax credits to businesses who hide their money  offshore! Main Street suffers.
Warren.. the idea is to bring that money back home..understand?.  How about that phoney Obama 
 $400,000. For a fat cat wall street speech

@AJ_9342 @realDonaldTrump yeah and they're offering to let them bring it back tax free why aren't you talking about that
Yes... to bring that money back to the States.
Glad you're back to worrying about real problems instead of how much Obama earns speaking
The reason for the tax cuts is to encourage them to keep the money in the US which is better for everyone. Don't u understand? 
Can we hold off until we see the details?
To keep it from being wasted by Government Which is why it should be lowered
I am not surprised. ...just disgusted!
The tax cuts he is proposing r only for 10 years (& perhaps less). In those 10 years trillions will vanish.
And you pretended to be Native American to get scholarships.
