Now @SenateMajLdr wants to end the decades-long tradition of letting senators weigh in on home-state judicial noms.
.@SenateDems won’t sit silently while the rich & powerful rig our courts & ram through even more radical, right-wing, pro-corporate judges.
Chairman @ChuckGrassley should reject @SenateMajLdr’s dangerous proposal to end blue slips & stand up for fair courts & equal justice.
Like that's not a good thing?Look what that liberal idiot judge in Hawaii did.Made rulings based on his ideology, not the law.
So the constitution is not a legal document? Read it for once. Nice try
Stop people like this PLEASE.
This should be illegal before citizens decide to take matters into their own hands and we have a real mess.
Register to vote. Your family 's health, income and civil liberties depend on it. #ReplaceTheGOP2018
REGISTER NOW & VOTE IN 2018 and take this country back
They were and are solidly wrong in most of the moves they make not for the people majority of our population in these united states .
Thank GOD the Republicans have sharper tools in their shed.
"sharper tools", or moore child-molesters?
And I am glad they did
For which I will NEVER forgive GOP until THEY MAKE IT RIGHT: DECLARE 2016 ELECTION INVALID, CALL FOR NEW ELECTION, & GORSUCH STEPS DOWN.
McConnell, like Trump, still harbor revenge toward President Obama! Jealousy does not look well on folks in office!
To quote @NancyPelosi "elections have consequences". You lost. The American people didn't buy your lie.
GOP strategy....if you can't win fairly....cheat.
They've been cheating a very long time. They got W.Bush in WH by cheating with "hanging chads" & voting precinct suppression in FLA 2000.
They were despicable.
Obamas nominees are fascists of the DNC CRIMINAL CARTEL like you.
Why couldn’t this have been stopped?! It was Obama’s term and his right to choose the judicial nominee!
Elizabeth, you live under a rock.  Let's talk about that #MeToo story.  Why is it always the left that has to lie?
The 9 th DISTRICT COURT are OBAMA studges . Theyve allowed illegal muslim terrorists to continue invasion of our nation to create division
LOL!!!   Name one.  #RussianOrJustATool?
BS. That never happened, not even once.  Try again.
Mitch gets his wealth from Chow..  All father-in-law's drug money
It seems Mark shirt on, that the Democrats are acting as if they are afraid to challenge 45 and or the Republicans are afraid. of 45
Now McConnell looks like a very sick puppy,since he see that 45 wants him out.
Just like the Democrats are doin g now. Hipocracy !
Yes & I think Trump's Supreme Court pick should be removed & Obama's pick given the opportunity to fill the seat
Pocahontas please!!
Liz, Suffolk Univ.& Law, &other U&C's, your industry, has defrauded student loans. U act deft, the wld pay4 health care
Dem leaders need 2 B just as nasty, ruthless & opposing as they possibly can, just like they were w/Obama. Play nice after McConnell's gone!
Stop being an obstructionist to the 2700 our of 3100 counties that voted for trump. Test that’s right Hillary got 400 counties. Landslide!
Middlesex County MA has a higher population than 10 other states. People matter. Counties don't.
Which is exactly why states agreed to Electorial college so populous states would drown out their rights.
It was a compromise between those that thought the people should elect the president and those that thought congress should. None of the red states on my map existed then. They were created to corrupt the EC and empower business interests. Empty states are easy to control.
Damn sore loser
Non controversial? Just cause you agree doesn’t mean everyone does. In fact, because you agree. I disagree.
So what are you and the Dems going to do about this?
It's true... YOU ARE AN ANGRY LIBERAL FROM MA. MAKING BIG MONEY FROM YOUR FAKE INDIAN HERITAGE. STOP THE LIES YOU SPREAD.. STOP THE HATE
Go back 2 the fake res u fell off Pocahontas. NOTHING #OBALLESS did was "fair, noncontroversial" n MOST OF IT WAS ILLEGAL/UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
Sad when elected officials dont put constituents first. Alot of repubs need to stand up for whats right for the people and not the party.
WARREN why are you talking?? Nobody but your sheeple left wing wants to hear from you!!!
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH!
True except for the fact that they were controversial, unqualified,agenda oriented and willing to use every means to circumvent our laws.
Probably the only good thing he has done.
Enough damage done wouldn't you say. The country needs some damage control at some point.
Oh please! Fair non controversial OBAMA judges?! More like a bunch of liberal douchebags who legislate from the bench
You are the expert on "rigging" things, Fauxcahontas
Ms Warren what the San Hell are the Stupid Democrats doing to The President Of theUSA, may I ask.So SitDown HoldOn AndSHUT UP.
Senate Dems need to be tougher when opportunity presents! #DontHateThePlayerHateTheGame
Shut up
Noncontroversial? His picks were far left wing socialists. Grow up, we aren't the mind numb students you bully around.
Obama judges are very partial.  I would actually support a bill that allows those judges to be arrested due to violating their const oath
Very happy about that got enough Obama leftovers in government

You are spot on with everything you say...how can we stop the Trump destructive behavior? Please run for President and save our country.
Does McConnell think his party is doing such s good job of governing that they should monopolize the judicial system too?
So let's do it dems!!
No. They were radical anti-constitutional hate-America bigots.
Stop taking the high road and start fighting to win. Our country needs fighters now, politicians that can win for the people.
Good for them.  Your judges are the ones whom let grown men in girls bathrooms.  Not anymore, you freaks.

#Pocahontas let's get in the way back machine "oh look GOP pretty much stayed in line for @BarackObama"  besides grandstanding what do u do?
This burns me up!
Obama did the same thing to pass his agenda learn from this..... If you dont want someone else to do it then don't do it yourself
If you can’t place people without cheating maybe they shouldn’t be placed!
I remember Shame on McConnell & Ryan this was egregious and RACIST OF GOP. HOPE THEY ARE THROWN OUT AT ELECTION TIME
HONOR B4 PARTY!!!
Obama didn’t appoint anyone unless they were far left and controversial
Democratic' sneed to get nasty just like them
@biz superstar..please note that EVERY money grubbing bank on Wall Street is afraid of her #stop cheating Americans
End Blue Slips , Al Franken is blocking one of the most lauded judges in the USA
The Republicans play hard ball. The Democrats play softball. The media likes hardball. That's why the Democrats lose. Life is simple.
Our democracy is really dying at every turn!
#25thAmendmentNow
You people have ceded congressional power to the judicial branch; a disservice to & betrayal of the American people.
The fact that you think "noncontroversial" is a qualification for a judge is testament to the incompetence of congress to advise or consent.
OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT. I am so done with this bullshit.
And let me be clear, I WANT @SenWarren  to OBSTRUCT!
Now we stop anything from moving.
Repeat after me: @SenateMajLdr is corrupt AF. 
He has zero interest in fairness. He will bastardize our democracy to his wants.
We need to get more democratic members into congress.  Start with new great  candidates and at the local levels.
Yet republicans are elected and reelected. Dems have to do better both at getting out the message & growing a spine. The GOP is dangerous.
Since your Pres showed he wasn't going to be constrained by law, GOP had to stop the ppl who could bless off on it.
You mean the leftist, Socialist judge nominees who would help destroy America?
How can we save our democracy from this abyss??

@SenWarren  Start changing the "rules" and loop-holes that allow this moron to ruin everything he touches! Must stop him!!
The lying swamp strikes again.
#ImpeachTrump #25th45 !!
Ship him to North Korea, he’s on drugs! He cares about nobody but himself! Our country is ruined 
LOL

Lie-a-wathta, 

Do you mean the marxist, America-hating Obama judicial appointees?
You really are as dangerous as Russia or North Korea to our country cause guess a few fools listen to fools.Your left of the left,a loon.
You lie.  As usual. http://tinyurl.com/go3xjda 
Stop your whining and stop trying to turn us into the world's next socialist nation. Take a look at all the failures around the world.
Pull a McConnell, use every tool available to block, impede, delay, or otherwise shut down these nominations until we vote in 2018.
What were they thinking!!!  About not being primaried? PACs? If Bannon splits the GOP, which way the middle third?
@SenMajLdr is corrupt and morally bankrupt and needs to resign.
And what are you and your fellow dems doing about it? Nothing... Both parties are shit. And both parties are not working for Americans
Cheating is the only thing GOP do well.
I think you mean legally stopped Obama from appointing controversial judges like the 9th circuit.
Now I'm scared, the GOP is just using Trumps stupidity to get what they want.  America is losing our freedoms, values under Trump & the GOP
Like you tried to block Gorsuch?  #hypocrite
They are deplorables! Especially that Orange guy that I refuse to call president
Sick of Dems being 2nd action in "two wrongs don't make a right" GOP argument. They screw us then use that to urge "let's play nice now."
"Fair"? "Noncontroversial"?
What are you smoking?
They are Terrorizing America!  We can't let this keep going.  At this rate, they will cause an uprising! Stop them now, please.6
Funny.  The only ones whining are Hillary voters.  Poetic Justice.

They continue to choose party over what is good for betterment of country
OMG you have a short term memory.  The spineless @GOP gave Obama and the Dems every single thing they wanted.  You're such a lying hypocrite
Go home !!!
Marty Walsh used strong arm tactics to force hiring of union workers @ music fest, back room handshake deals 2 bring INDY tracing to Southie
Supported an olympics bid that would be impossible to live up to and cripple the city with debt, only changing his mind when voters turned
neglected Roxbury, Mattapan and Dorcester, made sure roads were plowed for Pats parade and left residents stuck, then joked about it
tells us the T is fine, stop complaining, never rides the T ever, T voted worst transit in America days ago. BUT YOU SUPPORT HIM! Wut gives?
Granted, he's done his best to keep his mouth shut and behave these last 8 months, cuz ELECTION SEASON. Capitalize on voter's short memory.
but not me Senator Warren. I NEVER FORGET. I support you 100% and breaks my heart you endorse this weasel....
Good I hope they keep up the good work we don't need any more liberal jackasses
Why are we allowing @realDonaldTrump to distract us from the real issues? We need to start paying attention to his executive orders not his twitter beefs.  This man is destroying our country and all we believe in! We need to be focused on finding a Dem candidate to replace him!!!
Haha suck it up buttercup because he’s doing what we the American voters hired him to do
You mean like the Democrats did to Trump's nominees? Pocahontas, you're a f**king hypocrite! - blind as a bat to your own lies and games!
Becaise they are crap they are there for themselves not the people
#25thAmmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrumpPence
What's your point?  Are you saying you and your socialist comrades never have?  Because we all know that isn't true.
If you can't win fairly, cheat. We see it everywhere--in schools, in athletics, in our law enforcement and justice system. It's @GOP's M.O.
Words & blame right now is not action. We need action. He spit in the face of all those who protested & called many disabled. Action needed
All democrats and good "others" in the congress must fight now to stop what this boy man did. Use the courts, use whatever power u have.
Starting to feel like had stuff been put in place a little better every thing wouldn’t be dismantled so easy. Shoddy work comes apart easy!
We are sick of this administration #hypocrites
Elections have C O N S E Q U E N C E S

And were the situation reversed democrats would have done exactly the same.  Stop being a hypocrite.
Smokem too much wampum non controversial ??? What a joke
I think they will end up paying a high price for their deeds.
How could you allow the president to screw over the ACA with a stroke of the pen; does congress have no power at all???
Problem is that liberal judges don’t believe in constitution and legislate from the bench , conservative judges follow c the constitution
Impeach Gorsuch.  He accepted stolen property.
McConnell blocked a Supreme Court nominee now complains Dem's are slowing down nominations.  @SenateMajLdr you made your bed now lie in it.
Sour grapes!  Move the agenda please!!
That’s right, they ran the same playbook run when George W. Bush was president. There was a time when this wasn’t the norm but it didn’t
Just all of a sudden start under Obama.
YOU used every tool to VOTE NO TO AUDITING THE FED! $9 TRILLION given to thieves and you want it kept a secret! Shame on you! Shame!
Yet what do dems do? Do we use every tool to stop this wholesale dismantling of all we fought for? No. We dither.  Today he cracked the poor
He broke their HC, and all Schumer could do is tweet. The dems have the weakest game ever.
And I'd like for you to keep returning the favor to the repubs
Non controversial??? Total obstructionist following YOUR lead.
Keep  walking with God and becoming a better person each day, and many will walk with God as well. 
1 Tes.2:1-2
BS, he stuffed it with left wing liberals, look at 9th court of appeals

And so what??
You didn't do enough Democrats didn't do enough.  You have courts to sue, you did nothing now we all suffer.  No more excuses damnit.
lol I love how you tried to describe them out of being what they've been, unfair, controversial, obstructionists.
Nevertheless she persisted. Give em hell Senator Warren
Thank you
'NON-CONTROVERSIAL'??? Have you taken a look at the 9th Circus?  It's a judicial abortion!  (I know you like that word .. ) Give it up, you know the truth!
Right issue wrong party. For 8 years bama stocked the court with liberals.  Trump is in 6 months and you want him to place lib judges?
Nothing about obama is noncontroversial or u Elez. Every one of his judges is an obstructionist communist
Fair?You Democrats call Fair,Handing Clinton the Questions at the Presidential Debate!You Have lost the Trump Republicans Are in Charge~
Your one sided Liberal Courts and you Are getting Dismantled!Las Vegas  Made us Rednecks Voice Stronger!
Getting judges who will make fair and unbiased decisions should be the goal.  Never refuse to hold a hearing for a judicial candidate.
Sure, while you and the rest of the uber liberal senators slow & block legislation and nominations.
Now McConnell and @Gop R Putting Right Wing Conservative Judges On The Bench Which Will Have A Profound effect Over Us All!!
Pow wow
Evil
What goes around comes around Pocahontis !!!    You Dems have been pulling that shit for decades.   How do YOU like it????
@MsKathyBates @SenateMajLdr noncontroversial nominees appointed by Obama? Hmmm
Non controversial?  cute. Isn’t your entire career a huge controversy. 
Elizabeth Warren is a good talker,makes promises,but like Governor. Gina R.in Rhode Island a huge do Nothing! Disappointing Women! Dopes!
#good
Try harder..find something...start IMPEACHMENT AND THAT INCLUDES THROWING OUT PENCE..HE'S NOT WANTED EITHER
So helpful.   Another crybaby that didn’t get her way.
You are yet another reason Democrats keep losing.
BTW, Lieawatha, here's another DACA angel whom you like to say is the best of us.
Noncontroversial to libs only means towing the liberal ideological line. Same as 'compromise' means surrender to all libs want. Doublespeak
Once the House impeaches Trump, follow through in the Senate.

@GOP America has become a fascist state.
A warning was what everyone should have gotten last year. 9 months into it its a little late. Time to fight back otherwise we are screwed!
And gave us creepy Gorsuch for the rest of my lifetime
Creepy how?   That’s what I love about social@media anyone can post whatever unsubstantiated crap they want.

Good
Disgusting pigs they only care about the party and not USA
Keep talking to yourselves.  I mean it worked so well for you in 2016.
Why bother having a democracy when one mentally ill, racist, sexist oligarch is running the country. How can this be happening. #sendhelp
What do you mean, obamas gone
So now you're going to repay the favor?
Sadly they succeeded. Their behavior is underhanded and loathsome!
Dem had their time, it is time for the Rep. Don't like it? Get the hell out!
who had control of the senate? i don't believe that it was the gop.
Payback is hell, wait till 2018
Very true
Many things we can legislate to correct once this administration is out (If we avoid WW3) but we will be stuck with these alt right judges.
Thank you trump, there is a god
Bother, must ask. We need names of PR's we can be one on ones with. Pen pals with packages! Any ideas? Meanwhile that God of theirs is dead.
We know. What are you going to DO?
What can we DO? 
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment
Sit back and enjoy what a great president does for America
Dem Pols need to get aggressive, bold, Loud. Call for National Strike. Walk out of congress. We can’t take another day. DO SOMETHING!!!
Oh stop being a cry baby!  I’m GOP and I’m just as stuck with him as you are.  Just like I was stuck with obama for 8 years!
I'm actually at the point where I'm going to root for whoever Bannon decides to back in McConnell's next primary.
Dems need t

Elizabeth...We have to get him out of office..ASAP!!
#25thAmendment
Apparently fairness doesn’t win
There’s a special hot shell for you in hell turtle @SenateMajLdr ... level 5 awaits
I wonder how much they got paid for that service?
YUP!
Ya, duh.
