Great job! You got some really good slams in today... Sadly, none of that will actually benefit any current victims of @WellsFargo fraud
Just more bloviating that will go no where and another wall street millionaire that will face no consequences.
Pocahontas, you have NO right to terminate the Board of Directors or its CEO of a major banking institution! You are just GRANDSTANDING!
She's not saying she can do it. She is saying it should be done.
What’s the fking difference! She wants the guy fired and she has no right to determine that! That’s up to the BOARD, period!
Scum always floats on top. The employees who were told to carry out the cheating take the blame. Sloan needs to be thrown out with no pay.
I think we need regulation & oversight but CEO Stumpf resigned last yr, does Warrant want to b CEO if not leave Sloan alone!
Wells has fixed that situation.  Move on, Sen. Warren.  You just argue the past nonstop.  Let Wells show how great they are.
you should know a fake when you see one....
U need to impeach trump he’s dividing America use 25th,look at his rant with sports he’s a bully ethic issues with hiring his family he sick
He's an ethic free zone.  That's his issue.  You are so right. The 25th is our best bet.  Yesterday!!!!
Take a look in your own closet too
While you're at it, question the small settlement approved and steps attorneys took to prevent arbitration. Consumers lost. #Pocahontas
This is making me so angry !!!!
simply disgusting...their greed knows no bounds and their arrogance is extraordinary...over there and over here as well!
Real question is "How much money did you make vs. stolen", if I steal 10,000 to make 1,00,000,000 paying back 20,000 is nothing
Thank you for your questioning of Timothy Sloan! He needs to be held accountable for the havoc wrought on customers like me & so many others
I love a good lashing as much as anyone. But I still don't see much change in behavior from these big corperations.
Again I ask:  Why do you promote Facebook?
Fraud. Fight a real fight. Like the corrupt government you’re a part of. That’s from your own Boston Herald.
It was amazing Elizabeth! Get their corrupt asses!
Give 'em hell
You go comrade! Boris says hi and to say, “ugly is the ducky hat flies West”? Idk. He said you’d know what it means.
Burn them all down. Hold the entire C suite personally responsible and break up that bank and sell off the pieces to better run banks.
What are you going to do about the Seattle Seahawks player who burn the flag in their locker room on Sunday?
What are YOU going to do about it?
Not a Fan of one of the Worst Banks in the US! Will never be! Stole people's houses years ago had no reason except to get the land! Crap..
Well done. Love questions you asked. I think he peed on his pants. I wish you could have had more time. Keep it up.. LOVE YOU AND RESPECT U
Interesting how the same dialogue could be applied to a hearing with the @CFPB , should they have to answer for being asleep at the wheel
Still trying to get extra money out of somebody
Kick his ass, seabass!
Using @SenWarren logic for management @WellsFargo, If and when @POTUS gets impeached I guess she will be replaced too.
Is he allowed to question you first on your life of gaming the system, including your fraudulent claims of being a Native American?
You're brilliant @SenWarren. Your questioning of Mr. Sloan was flawless. Your logic is flawless. Thank you! We
Ask how they survived the mortgage crisis.
I’m guessing you’re not going to get any straight answers.
That's all you do. GRANDSTAND!!!
Fake Indian
I think it’s interesting how Congress refuses to clean its own house before chastising other. Pot, meet kettle.
Thank you, once again, Senator Warren, for using real words and speaking truth with them.
Thank you, Senator Warren.
Thank you for the link, it was an interesting hearing.  Thank you for battling for the employees.
Give him hell.
Big do nothing show. Hows the previous CEO doing? Retired multimillionaire who laughs at you daily

Will you be asking questions directly, or sending them in via smoke signal?

Funny, you asking someone else about something being 'fake'.
Question my ass he's a crook put him in prison and bankrupt him in the process
Oh yeah and make sure nobody that he contributed to their campaign is on any questioning committee
Thx for your ldrshp.  Sloan was incompetent or complicit as CFO as u said and he was rewarded w CEO. In banking crime pays. Sickening irony.
More important to me is that we #DrainTheSwamp
Senator Warren too bad you don't ask the same questions of the IRS scandal.
oooo a fake indian crying fake  accounts
#TotallyIneffective #Hiawatha
#AssClown
You grandstanding http://Loser.How  dare you say those things ??You are Grandstanding for your own political agenda.
Not 1 of the regulators can shut there scams down, same as uk a waste of time
Thank you for all you do to hold the economically powerful accountable.
More lies out of his lying piehole , they dont give a shit
Hard to question someone who is willing to lie repeatedly under oath, though.
Good.  NAIL HIM.
They are just a disgrace, they are a breed apart, Banksters
About to question the native American community about your role of claiming you're native to get into Harvard
Its the same lies over and over again , nothing has changed
Fantastic point by point lead in to his complicity or at least incompetence. Thank u
And when you get done don't let anyone hear you discussing his recent contributions to your campaign committee
Why are Timothy Sloan and the rest of them still there ????
Two things needed here: punishment and regulation.
Liz gets an EMMY... even though her accusations were based upon fake premises.
Your slip is showing!
Go get 'em, Senator.
They finally credited his acct the $8k and my son did not pursue it any further. He just had no time for it.
Not a fan of Sen Warren but am honest enough to point on when she is right on something.Senator why hasn't John Stumpf been indicted by DOJ?
Senator are you planning to ask the same questions to your colleague Senator Menendez?  Seems like he’s as culpable.
Whoever took the money knew info that only the bank had &my son was not even aware of. That means the bank itself took the money.
Are you going to ask him if he is an American Indian?
Give him hell!
what have YOU done 2 prevent this?I don't trust u 2 dictate who s/ be on board of #WellsFargo or #Equifax U & ur #Congress pals r no better.
I hope he doesn't ask you about the obama care
The next scandal will be the Bill Pay "float".   Someone will soon catch on.  it's been years.
Glad someone else noticed plus if not cashed its not immediately credited back
WF accused my son of having taken that money. He told them that he had $350k in another acct,so, Y would he "steal" $8k &risk everything
Your response to Sloan's response was v powerful. But if you had to twist sound bites to support it, then on what grounds can we fire him?
'Ask about wampom.'
Thank you showing that when you don't get the answers you want, you fumble and look foolish. Context means everything. #fail
Get him & put them to jail for crime they committed entire board don't let them just to ' step down ' I never got my money back!
Maybe you could let him speak and quit grandstanding. I want hear him, not you.
All he'll do is lie. Just like your man Trump.
Great job 
Fraud is still going on at Wells Fargo.My son, a breast cancer surgeon, had $8000 taken out of one of his accts using an ATM.
The biggest liar Pocahontas pot calling kettle black. Grandstanding as always
I don't normally like her but. She's right. Wells Fargo needs to be dissolved.
Ome of the greatest hypocrites in United States history is Elizabeth Warren...She must resign immediately for the good of the country!
Not a single licensed banking officer jailed for fraud. This is outrageous.
And pay your Ford Credit payment from personal funds.  Not your campaign fund!
She's awesome! Thank you Senator for standing up for what is right and defending us. If you run, you have my vote.
You've been complicit in the federal govt running up a $20TRN debt that will bankrupt our next generation. YOU should be fired
Senator Warren calling anyone a liar is laughable...
Why don't u shut up long enough to let him answer the questions?Oh I forgot you don't want answers.#RantHypocrite
She's incredibly rude.
What tribe did you say you're from? You're in no position to question anyone
Make sure you get really mad for the cameras.
I watched on @FoxBusiness .  Your obnoxious grandstanding is doing nothing for the American people.
Kick his thieving butt
Awesome! Watching now. 
Transfer to the US Treasury from federal reserve funds
As inheritor if all funds are transfer US Treasury
Apply to National Debt
.Kicked his ass. Took his name. Well done @SenWarren
Ask him if we can have health care!
You didn't do any questioning just condemning. Why don't you shut your big mouth and let him answer the questions and stop grandstanding
Thank you Sen Warren.
Thank you, Sen Warren! Their actions are despicable and deserve prison time.
Give em hell senator!
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to you & gets away with Foreclosure scheme & you do zero. #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump
Bot much? Use of word scheme. Not how we speak here   The article says they are charged.  Of course FAKE news from a tRUMP supporter.
Pocahontas give it up nobody trusts anything you say anymore
Keep his feet to the fire!
Good job!  Don’t them lie! #cocky ceo
What do you think about your colleague Bob Menendez’s corruption trial?
 Bad day for Sloan. Go for it. Knock down that ego.
In Iceland they put bankers in prison for fake accounts and fraud to the public and since they have no problems
Basically I think they took money and created accounts which created bonuses.
Not sure but my opinion.
Inherited account 1973
Seized 1983...
As I will never see a penny from account or other accounts it only benefits who hides accounts not the inheritor me.
Found multiple accounts
Ask them if they illegally repossessed any cars besides those of service members. Hint: if they say no, they're lying.
Go get them!
Good - I want to know why there doesn't seem to be any penalties for them...
Kick his ass!
honest injun?
 Lil  "injun"  Warren.
Give him hell! I supoort all your doing to pressure those crooks!
Did Wells Fargo take funds from my great grandfathers account?
Never had access.
Phillip Edward Jehle Romanov Alexander
541-98-0575
Reason why we still need the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau #CFPB!
Here's the problem: you Senators ask many questions, and that is all you do. Where are the massive fines and prison sentences?
A)cong doesn’t fine or imprison; B)WF has been fined 9 figures of $$ by multiple regulators C) any criminal cases would be brought by DOJ
If you want a president who challenges corrupt CEO banksters like @SenWarren does, like & retweet!
About to question @WellsFargo CEO Sloan about his role in the massive fake accounts scandal. Watch live now: https://www.facebook.com/senatorelizabethwarren/videos/857068601122301/ …
ASK HIM WHY HE THINKS WELLS FARGO IS TOO BIG TO FAIL NOW THAT IT HAS PROVEN ITSELF TO BE CORRUPT
That's just not good stewardship, Wellsfartgo.
Ask him to pay me back for that credit card they forced on me.
You going to ask him if he has your DNA results too? I mean, if you're really standing up for everyone, let's start with #NativeAmerican
Why? Nobody ever goes to jail.
When I had WF they opened several fake accounts and many unsolicited credit cards.
Get em! #F_CKWellsFargo
Rake his ass through the coals @SenWarren !!
@oscarovd
Por qué tantos me enoja?
Can we question Hillary and Podesta next?

that would be a GREAT documentary
美国打算几时给我Greencard
*Gets popcorn*
Give him hell!
