You even cqlling it a peaceful protest speaks miles of where you stand bro
A protest is because the government or someone is doing something wrong and the People Unite together to stand against it not yur Nazi rally
This is from June...
So?
Dumb? I'm not the one who is defending the very nasty & corrupt democrats. #Ignorant 
Can you send me the tweets where I defended a dem please? You must be a bot.
Look back...about Sen Warren. You are a bot, bot, bot, bot, bot, bot!
I clarified facts about her offspring. She hasn't done anything wrong to defend her... please send "defending dem" tweets.
My take Sen. Warren!
Um he never had your support lol. And I hope he blocks you .
he always blocks people who tell the truth. doesn't want to be told what a terrible job he's doing.
No, he blocks people who are rude. He's doing great. Just imagine how awesome things would be if Democrats would just shut up and move on.
he may be doing a great job for YOU. but to people in minorities and people who are oppressed in general he's doing a pretty shit job.
He hasn't done anything to hurt minorities or the oppressed. If you're talking about healthcare, whine to the democrats.
he BANNED transgender people from going into the military. he tried to do a TRAVEL BAN. he called nazis very fine people.
IDK what you're talking about with the nazis!
And this Senator...
Fight broke out. Nazis beat black kid w/sticks at end. I kick one in back 2 help & he runs after me. Kid is safe but bloody #Charlottesville 
The police did nothing
"They threw rocks... They pepper-sprayed... No one was detained." #Charlottesville #DefendCville #SmashWhiteSupremacy 

Medics helping many who got pepper-sprayed by Nazis. Reach of spray is long. #Charlottesville #DefendCville #SmashWhiteSupremacy 

Police in Charlottesville criticized for slow response to violent demonstrations https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/police-in-charlottesville-criticized-for-slow-response-to-violent-demonstrations/2017/08/12/869720fc-7f84-11e7-a669-b400c5c7e1cc_story.html … 
The evidence is clear. This was not a lone wolf!
I think we know what side James Alex Fields Jr is on 
The President of the United States is a Nazi sympathizer.
Do you people get off on spewing compete BS, when in Trumps life did he ever support Nazi's
Today!!
Yeah like when he said this is hatred and both sides
I stand with the Constitution.  The side that believes all [people] were created equal. #Charlottesville #BlackLivesMatter #EradicateHate
Really? How about the beatings from BLM? All the riots and protests! Your party created this mess! Shameful. Trump is POTUS, get over it!
Another bot
Bot? Oh ok, I'm not a democrat zombie, drinking free koolaid and eating free cheese, while talking on a free phone. Nope, I work n pay taxes
Let's get a few things right: BLM exists for a reason. Regressive conservatives are responsible for that. So let's start there.
BLM cofounder wants to exterminate whites & thinks they're subhuman. They're a hate group too
That is a lie. You are spreading dangerous lies. You have to stop.
Kiss my ass. It’s not a lie and it’s exactly what one of their cofounders said.
When terrorists abroad plow cars into crowds, He condemns “radical Islam.”….but when it happens here, he talks of violence ‘on many sides.”
Not to mention the fact that he won't take responsibility for the actions of racists that he has emboldened.
You're speaking of course of the true racist President .. Obama .. Right? ..
Don not racist?
No, actually, he is not! Trying doing you own research and stop watching CNN! Trump has never been racist, but Clinton sure is!
Mexican isn't a race and no he did not do that
Where were you when he say he didn't want Mexican?
Taking a?
Look no further than the WH.  Donald Trump and the company he keeps and supports is causing the downfall of our democracy.  25 him
Nazis should be hunted down like ISIS. WTF is wrong with this picture. KKK to. David Duke should be deported.
this was a terrorist attack
Yes, "terrorist attack." A white nationalist drove a car into a march of white nationalists. Makes sense right?
Typical Liberal, never has the real news
People need to be reminded that hate speech is not free speech when there is the threat of imminent violence. Then it is unlawful speech.

For those who feel the need to argue with me. 
(Source: The Encyclopedia of the Supreme Court, David Shultz) 
Invoke the 25th amendment. Now. Please.
How many cops were murdered by #BlackLivesMatter? Where can I find your Tweets about that? Or the @BernieSanders supporter who opened fire?
Will you disavow Antifa??!!
Especially @realDonaldTrump
#Disgraceful #Shameful #TrumpsAmerica #Charlottesville
Thank you senatornwarren for being twice the patriot.
How about that, Pocahontas? One of your own supporters, killed one of your own supporters and all at your behest. I guess the policeman  1/2
the two policeman that were killed are just collateral damage in your hate filled calls for resistance and violence. You are a true POS
Nothing like politicians to incite panic. Being 2017 and being in America does not stop idiocy. Just look at the violence in any major city.
How about speaking o out about the murders in Boston? Where are you?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Liberal taco tits.... have a lot of respect for yourself huh. You liberals are all so sad. Will you ever ever grow up?
You're telling people to grow up and you just said "taco tits". So confused.
My family fought for this country in every war since 1781 We will not tolerate the KKK!
You should CONDEMN ALL HATE not just the ones you see fit for your agenda. I'm disgusted with all evil but even more w/you as our Senator...
Let's not forget the two men in helicopter crash so a total of three unnecessary deaths 
Where do we stand? The left will destroy this great country with your help, of course
America ,especially since Trumps presidency has become a sad land.
Stop with the "in America in 2017!" FFS! The ugly clown that is racism is the same one, just with different makeup.
Stand up to white supremacy and demand it not be tolerated.
And Stand against Black Lives Matter & Antifa! 
And who did they kill today?
It's countless Who they've killed, beat, looted, destroyed, and burned... and never a word! Now 1 incident! 
Today’s killing is not an “incident.” Stop deflecting against my call to stand up against white supremacy.
You white ppl that are trying to be black are not helping unify. You're encouraging Hate! Racism! Black crime!
hey pocahontas it was 1of your dem "antifa" buddies that murdered D woman with his car,so when is the left(start w/you?)gonna condemn antifa
I'll tell you where we stand #Fauxahontas we stand with 1A which gives us the right to freedom of speech and peaceful assembly.
James is spot on and knows the score.  When you try to suppress the 1A, no matter who it is, it will get ugly FAST.
Senator, how can we stop the next hate rally planned for Boston on 8/19?
Yeah, block that free speech asap
Spew all the hate you want - I'm more concerned about blocking the next murder incited by these same organizers.
Who gave more than one license to assemble at one time? Who told the police to stand down? I'm not spewing hate. Try thinking for a change.
C'mon--embrace your hate. Trolling Sen Warren's TL, tweeting Seth Rich conspiracies & you've even found time for Hillary, RepWaters & google
So what kind of country are you wanting to live in? Do you ever look at any other news besides that in your bias confirmation bubble?
While Donald is busy banning Muslims, the 1st terrorist attack in the U.S. under his watch was committed by on one of his own supporters.
D man they have in custody is a democrat,an antifa member,not a trump supporter-get ur facts straight or facts don't fit your agenda,do they
This also happened in America 2017, man shoots at Republican congressional team, Congressman shot, in critical condition...
Shall we go on? Yes we should #ANTIFA is still attacking people for their stand on Free Speech and political standing When will YOU disavow?
There have been MORE attacks, violence and riots against Trump supporters by #BLM and #ANTIFA, but NOT ONE PEEP FROM YOU LOT DISAVOWING THEM
I don't support ANY violence. Black Americans shouldn't live in constant fear of police. They hve absolute right to be outraged & speak out.
You live in a very warped sense of reality to think that cops are only going after blacks... but what else should I expect...
from someone with blinders on... NO one should live in fear of the cops or ANYONE else...
Once again, very aggressive in your accusations. Prove your point. Saying I have blinders on doesn't prove it.
They're coming to Boston next Saturday, 19th on the Common. Their permit should be revoked.
Hurry! Squelch that free speech! This is AMERICA!
Since when has murder been protected free speech?
Of course murder isn't free speech. A rally with a permit is.
The victim of Nazi violence is named Heather Heyer. Rest In Power, Heather. Just devastated she died defending inclusivity against racism.
My heart breaks for her and everyone in her life. She was there defending a higher principle, against murdering thugs sponsored by the WH.
Really smart people stayed the hell away from there .. PERIOD!
She was just braver than your ilk.
Who was? And how so?
The woman this thread is honoring! She had every right to stand against racism. She did NOT deserve to die a violent death in a crosswalk.
Her death is a tragedy but smart folks don't hunt trouble .. Especially in a mon of real trouble makers ..
Mob
We know exactly where you stand. With violent BLM and antifa and among the hate dividers. We know who you are even if you don't, Indian girl
are you condemning #ANTIFA they were not there today which is why the rally didnt get violent YOU SEE ONE SIDE ONLY
The @DNC stole the nomination. Now set for more election fraud lawsuits.  How many people have the Clintons and DNC had killed?
So how do we stop them from having a rally in Boston on the 19th? You must have some power to stop it.
Is there really one in Boston this month?
Yes. On the Common on the 19th.
Which group is organizing it? Is there an official counter protest I can contribute to?
The same group that organized the rally today. The flyer is floating around twitter.
OMG....there will be a counter protest for sure. Hopefully police out in full force!
As soon as a reputable group is identified as a counter protest coordinator, lmk. I want to support it.
Will do.
You will do or say anything to prop up this turd of a DNC.
I seem to remember 5 cops killed at Texas Black Lives Matter rally, so which is worse?
I don't see neo Nazis block freeways. BLM gets a pass
Pocahontas, is there a Mental Hospital in Mass? You need to check in & seek help, maybe brain shock therapy or replace your brain! #NUTS 
Not someone. A radicalize white supremacist terrorist committed murder.
Help me understand why a "radicalized white supremacist" would plow a car into a white rally.
Radicalized white supremacist plowed car into a group protesting AGAINST the 'radicalized white supremacists'.
Uhuh. Let's see the videos when they come out of what happened when the Soros-hired media shills arrived. You should get some money from him
The real criminals are BLM and ANTIFA  with there facial  covering the new KKK supported by the democrats like always
Hundreds of young Black men have been murdered in Chicago this year alone.  You never say a word about that.  Strange.
We should all come together in solidarity, but I suspect you won't tweet about that.
I refuse to come together with a group calling for the genocide of others, a racial superiority, and an Anti-LGBT+ message. Everyone should.
no one is surprised by this, typical left hate and division.
Are you seriously defending genocide?
lay off the drugs.
I'm stone sober. However, you may want to get help if you think the left is dividing this country by protecting all of its citizens.
Because quite frankly, I'm more likely to be killed by a member of the Alt-Right than any other terrorist group. I am not coming together
With them at all. Or anyone who wants an ethnostate, believes "White Genocide" is happening, or refuses to treat the LGBTQ+ community as
Certainly do not remember any support you had for the five Dallas police officers shot by racist Black lives matter thug
3 people.
America isn't ready for a female president 
Most voters 2016 voted for a woman.
Don't worry pocahontas, come next election, it'll be clear WHERE WE ALL STAND
What ever...like I give a shit what YOU think about ME...BYE FELICIA 
Killing is wrong. But with AlQueda, one is a terrorist. But if exercising hate as an American, then it's a "historical right"?
5 cops were murdered by a black man who "wanted to kill white people, especially white officers" in Dallas.That happened.In America.In 2016.
Yet you don't condemn all the violence of ANTIFA or BLM?

Congratulations on losing during the next elections.
Hitler was a socialist
Your supporter, Jason Kessler organized rally colluded wth VA gov and mayor to push them to antifa waiting with bats, shame on DNC!
Dirty Tricks
People should check this out! They'll think it bizarre but these days truth is stranger than fiction. I did about such possibilities.
People think because your white, there is no racism against them  Most of the protest was about exactly that were there people who take far
*You're
Disgusting that this still happens in 2017!
Yes, it is disgusting! Liberals are tearing our Country apart, and it all starts with Obama+Soros. Soros, who bussed-in+ paid Antifa Thugs!
The victim of Nazi violence is named Heather Heyer. Rest In Power, Heather. Just devastated she died defending inclusivity against racism.
Very sad day! Rest In Peace Heather!
I'm vowing to start a security firm and stop white supremacists who are violent. Some help would be nice.
That would be racist to focus on one single race
Yeah, you're right. OK. Everyone........
How about violent Antifa thugs beating up on people and destroying property? Are you including them too? 
@SenWarren is a liar, a fraud a hypocrite.
Such hypocrisy from you Madam. You incited your own violence not so long ago. WeThePeople remember. #MAGA/
How many people have been killed by illegals in Mass? It goes unreported Lizzy poo! We're on to your tricks and you know it
And we are and will. We are just getting warmed up!
5 cops were sniped in dallas by micah johnson, blm member..where's the rage?
I'll agree with you if you direct your comments at EVERYONE
You've made it perfectly clear where you stand and it's not whith america.
Ironically they would have been arrested if Neo Nazis marched in Germany or South Africa
A rep was almost murdered on a baseball field, cops are killed, potus is getting assignation threats, threats to blow up WH  all hate is bad
Oh shut up. You and your hate filled party started this drama. You wanted bloodshed with your anger and your friends presidential loss
BLM and Antifa are terrorist organizations. Now merged with Democratic Party Shitlibs
Would have happened if @HillaryClinton was @POTUS, So please!!..What about condemning #BLM? Oh must have slipped your mind..
Ok I am a #ReaganDemocratAmerican #ANTIFA #KKK #RadicalIslam #WhiteSupremecy #GOP #DNC DO NOT SPEAK 4 ME!!! My principles do.
Thank you Elizabeth
you stand for lying about your race so you could get ahead.
No white inferiority complex loser should get my money to hurt innocent black or women/ car tags should b posted for all attending
Where we're you during the violence that #BlackLivesMatter was doing & the calculated murders of police officers? Oh yeah, a DEM was POTUS
You want clarity. Well, here it is. You & your fellow Democrats are creators of #TheBigLie 
Truth is out & all will know soon!
How about standing against all violence and supporting free speech.

its 2017 sadiq khan has said that terrorism is the price for living in big cities
He was being chased so he hit the gas trying to escape:  https://streamable.com/21gc9    Yeah truth comes out.....
Keeping your batting average at 1000 I see on being Hypocrit POS.

Where was the outrage when violence is from the LEFT.

ALL WRONG!!
Definitely seems clarification is needed,  and not so much "live and die by the sword"    this sort of thinking needs to become un-hip!
Where do you stand Senator? Will you condemn ANTIFA or BLM for their violent actions? Or do you stand with them? Pick a side?
Lizzie..I must have missed your impassioned plea for the thousands DEAD, Murdered DAILY in Chicago.. #InconvenientTruth ..#MAGA
All these Libtards who want to blame Trump for #Charlottesville after claiming Oppression for decades led to BLM. Make up your mind!!
And how many black kids were killed In Chicago?  Crickets Senator......crickets.
How are you going to vote on Kate's Law and when?  A beautiful young girl murdered in SF by an illegal alien deported many times. Blood shed
The EVIL MONSTER who knew exactly what the thing  was doing slaughtered people. We need to rid the world of evil and work together.
You stand behind fascists, NaziFa. We are very clear where you stand, what you say and how you park your ass doing nothing to better the US
Seth Rich murdered. 8/10/2016. A fact. In America. Swept under the rug.  Divisive rhetoric by both parties is killing America. Stop It.
So then you should right now fully denounce ALL Hate Groups. ALL of them. BLM, Black Panthers, LaRaza, KKK, Neo-Nazi Antifa, Supremacists...
You brief acknowledgment is not enough. U have to speak out about rioting. Your silence endorses it. I don't think I am alone in anger.
We citizens have our own responsibility to fight against racism. There is still too much racism in this country.
She stands wherever Soros tells her to stand.
Agree to disagree. Smh change starts with our government, then the president! Yet we can't trust our own law enforcement.. No win situations
You said no such thing when a republican senator was shot by one of your supporters.The Dem Party is the party that most resembles nazism.
Will you condemn BLM and La Raza, too? #DNC #Charlottesville #RNC
Melania must admire Michelle to quote her again.
I agree
How many died during the riots last year? But this one was a nazi rally so it's a big deal
Maybe they should have just been allowed to protest in peace and then moved on it wouldn't have stirred up more hate?
Al sharpton started a riot and pogrom in the US and yet you and your party still embrace him. Pot calling kettle black
You're right! I stand with Donald Trump and he stands for all Americans!
In your sick perverted dreams, when will you realize saying crap like this is what divides us. The south will not rise again!
Yeah, well, 4 people were murdered in Benghazi, halfwit, where did u stand? Not with the grieving families, you political hack. #Trumptrain
@HouseDemocrats @GOP Oh really Warren, it's been happening for the last 8 years under your racist party and Obama. Wake up.
YES! But how?! #TheResistance needs to be stronger, more present, & more action-oriented. How do we get our country back bf 2018 midterms??
@Ralph Black stop blaming "our party" and go watch Fox.
2-To stop. We all need to except what's coming &knot try to throw others under the bus to take att off us. Like a small child I didn't do..
I guess it's ok for you to be murdered by a random guy as long as he/she is not a neo-nazi.
Wen U openly support HATE groups like BLM and ANTIFA, U did not realise how much hate U were promoting right? U reap wat U sow...
KKK founded by the dem's...fact!
President needs to cut ties to Steve Bannon from Breitbart/Alt Right who guides his speeches-strategy.Many Repub say Trump is enabler 2 Hate
Anything about Antifa? Really? Nothing about protecting our borders? You aren't looking out for Americans interests
Where do you stand?  I am so embarrassed to admit to people that I am from MA,  where that crazy loon is a Senator! You're Fookin crazy!!
I thought it was a BLM-march?
We stand against ANTIFA continuing to wreak havoc on our country.
Yep be proud democrats you are doing great
Odd that. They were murdered by a liberal...yet you try to blame it on the neo-Nazis.
You have reached 100% MBC (Moist Bison Chip).
So where exactly do you stand  on the daily slaughter in Chicago? Crickets.
Well said Senator. I wish @realDonaldTrump would have said the same. #Resist
Sen Warren respectfully we'd all be better off if you Maxine Waters would resign
And how many people were murdered in your buddy's Chicago area?  Go ahead, I'll wait.
We who truly love American must stand untied we fought s war over hatred og others it should never happen here
A predominantly black prison would be too good of a deal to be thrown in for this murderer.
Most organizations you support Mrs. Warren are racist and full of bigots. Not saying either are right. Because they are NOT.
@SenWarren Can you name this woman?
Miositis Familia.

Any hard questions?
Miosotis......any correct answers?
Just had it, and I'm not seeing a worthwhile response.

Boc boc boc...
And why dont you condemn antifa!
False... antifa shitheads attacked his car and he accelerated trying to escape.... you are a lying c*nt...
That's a dumb statement Pokahontas
Did I miss your condemnation of BlackLivesMurder ir "antifa" fascist who tried to kill w a bike lock or Crazy Bernie OR murderer?
So many white supremacists here defending the murderer and blaming blacks... 
Good lord your stupidity knows no bounds
Not to mention all the others that were injured.
Please show us your condemnation of black Americans rioting, burning and stealing ..
Senator Congress  shut down any business as usual until Bannon Gorka Miller are fired and removed from the White House. @USAGSessions too.
We know where you stand...not on the right side.
Wasn't a Neo-Nazi rally! At least 3 violent groups got off buses. Remember DC, Berkley? POTUS spoke BEFORE suspect known & spoke accordingly
When did you condemn blm violence?? Huh?!?when !!?
I guess you don't condemn Antifa because Soros writes checks to you and Antifa.
You went to the Tsarnaevs mosque looking for votes. Repeat. You went to the Tsarnaevs mosque looking for votes. #vile #fraud #evil
Not with you, crazy eyes
It's time have a talk with America, the president should start the conversation.

I used 2 teach young children. Nothing more rewarding than to see them act and talk like you early in year only 2 see them mature & b polite
Somebody got killed when her violent marxistk gang assaulted a vehicle with bats & poles.
Oh, it's clear; we murder each other, abort our children, use drugs, abuse our pets, rape women and children, yeah, I'm worried about Nazis
2016, 789 were killed in Chicago so far 2017, 454 & here are their names in the months they were killed! Let's talk!
While I don't approve of murder, if they choose to be @ hate rally & violence breaks out... They made the wrong choice. If an innocent (1/2)
Absolutely Senator Warren this should have never happened and trump sure as heck didn't help the situation he's supposed to help
I don't understand how the people can't see that this guy Trump he's the Antichrist the guy is pure evil we need to impeach this president
Yes a majority of us. But the republican party brings party before country and they will never publically denounce the white supremacist.
