Massachusetts has shown that #fightingforfamilies can start in states. We did it with marriage equality & health care reform.
And Massachusetts continues to lead the way in #fightingforfamilies with earned sick time & the highest state minimum wage in the country.
A hard day’s work deserves a fair day’s pay. State lawmakers across the country are #fightingforfamilies with bills to expand overtime.
Businesses that cheat their workers must be held accountable. State lawmakers are #fightingforfamilies with bills to stop wage theft.
And while the GOP continues to block #equalpay for equal work, state lawmakers are #fightingforfamilies.
When we’re #fightingforfamilies loud enough person-to-person, city-to-city, state-to-state, then DC can’t ignore these issues any longer.
them just   Stupid liberals.
what good is wage hike when y'all do nothing 2 regulate the food rents and utilities from going way up &over it?
Good luck on that! Companies operate on profits, unlike the national debt which would bankrupt them!
Maybe if everyone could come together and lose all the bitterness Trump could probably do his job!
Are you serious? Maybe you don't mind the daily downgrading of America.
the only family Trump is fighting for is his own!
that's so ridiculous, you Democrats are delusional.
regulating costs of basic living would help poor and middle class tremendously
in Canada health care is considered a human right and gun ownership a privilege. In America it's the opposite.
can't reach @realDonaldTrump bc he's busy getting to FL.
too busy on his 4th vacation in as many weeks,finishing at 12pm on Fridays.
Why didn't Pres Obama raise the min wage ?
he can contro of house and senate for first two years
it took people 15 years to reach top pay off $15 an hour and you give it up without working for it. Losing jobs
Socialist liberals are driving this country into the ground with regulation and taxes! Get back our good jobs!
Get some saleable skills and get off your butt.
Hey Liz have you started looking for another job yet?  Your time in the Senate is coming to an end!
And nor did you when you endorsed and shilled for a defender of pedophiles.
you then...
no that's technological innovation. Where are all the printing press operators today??
same place the fast food worker is going.
this is not a bad thing provided people in power support real continuing education for everyone
Pocahontas, your really out of touch of what America wants. We elected Trump to run this country not you.
crooked pigs get best pay,pension,healthcare & license to kill"Fuck the Police" NWA
your just envious because you would never have passed the police academy or had the balls to fight.
What state will the economy be in when a burger is $20.00! Not to many people making $15 an hour will be buying!
U r right Pocahontas. POTUS is working on the big issue bring back jobs & fixing the economy Dems screwed up.
No, we lost those jobs beginning thirty years ago when the wonderful Reagan was in.
Sorry Senator Warren. Trump voters don't care about Wages the GOP R against. Just give them Job at any Wage
Yes @SenWarren but with respect ma'am, there's a traitor @realDonaldTrump in the WH. You may be barking up the wrong tree
We need to clear out all levels of government. The whole thing is rotting. Congress, the Senate.
Start with draining the psycho-sewage sitting in the Oval.
they're not fighting for families, that's why families are going to vote them out.
I'm not sure we can survive another year and a half of this before the vote
If it gets that bad, we'll just have to find ways to make them miserable with us.
People will do well for themselves if you provide opportunity. Min wage jobs aren't intended to be career jobs.
fallacy. Not everyone is able to have a "career".&why should you not be able to afford food&rent bc of ur social econ. status
Have more faith in people. It's no different than giving welfare to generations of the same family. Provide opportunity instead.
Instead of always screaming for out right war, why don't  you work together like POTUS wants and theres nothing
Why not just work with the con man?
They are fighting for the family voter's who put them in Office to get something done for  forgotten Americans
Boo hook to the Rust Belt whiners. Get a life.
I have a Life, Loving my Country and Supporting My President.Make America Great Again. U.S.A.
Good luck with that.
minimum wage goes up, prices follow--hurting non minimum wage earners and those on fixed incomes. #economics
We'll that's capitalism, don't change know.
senator all this bad mouthing will come back to you ten fold.  And you might like to the President?
None of this truly matters when we have criminals in the White House. We need that to be priority!
we had criminals in the White  house for 8 years!
---People  complain along with you about Trump sending tweets, and you do the same thing.
because they don't give a damn about working middle class families, stop trying to believe otherwise.
You are busy looking for Russians and pushing toxic vaccines! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xijjls2axCM … #VAXXED #CDCwhistleblower #HALFareSICK #RFKcommission
Hop on your broom
They are fighting to stay rich, in power, and hijack our democracy. Merrick Garland was the practice round.
at some point we will wake at that point plz I hope those who truly speak for the people see whats coming
this is because the people atre but slaves to the rich
I wished you ran for president!
Jobs must be within in USA before any of that can ever happen. You need to thank @POTUS for bringing jobs back.
That's because min wage set by free market. Govt inflated wages causes unemployment and low skill worker pain.
tell them Liz...
How? If we look at you Liz for leadership, then we're all going to hell.
Obama had 8 years and didn't do it. Trump is working on 2 months, chill out and give him some time.
keep fighting for us
well Senator when r we going to get off our hands & impeach Donny longer we go worse it gets more repair needed
Sen Warren those are things that should be left up to the States and nor the Federal Government.
obviously the Dems didnt think u worthy enough to run on 2016 ticket, besides u don't get economics @realDonaldTrump
everthing i heard from @realDonaldTrump address the jt. session of Cong was abt raising min wage and funding education. U asleep?
and you are?what a lair you are. Working families will soon have real jobs.not 2/3 part-times to make ends meet
yes nothing like raising the cost of living for everyone. Tell us again how we can teach one class and make 400k. #clown
Nope.  Only separating them with his immigration policies and poisoning their air and water.
The Congress can see to lifting the trade embargo on Cuba.
@donaldh66287394 @realDonaldTrump
Equal pay won't mean much until we create fair paying jobs-get people back to work. What are doing to that end 
You are right Senator Elizabeth Warren! we need you to fight for us!
Trump et al r bent on ruining USA! Dangerous air & H2O, take away hlthcare, Russia tanglements.. We MUST resist!
only self interests for GOP
GOP underestimates what most Americans see. Obvious sell out for Billionaire agenda n $. Not ok, not for long.
but why are YOU enabling this administration by voting FOR the cabinet nominees? #Resist is more than a word!
Keep trying to put businesses out of business! You go girl! Show everyone what it's like to have no paycheck!!!
can we just write a check to the Trump clan and make them go away?
Amd precisely what have you done with Congressional approved legislative action? Please site source.
Thank God for that. Get back to your TeePee and make me a buffalo sammich.
see @SenWarren takes payoffs from #Soros son ... no integrity, this requires an investigation.
America not Europe. Don't artificially inflate wages so you get votes Warren.  Min. wage jobs weren't meant to raise families on.
hasn't done one good/positive/helpful thing for US citizens since taking the oath. That's the ? to ask every day
E.Warren you have not fought for any of those things on behalf of Ma . You have only fought for illegals .
Ms Warren,  why wasn't that done in the last eight years
#FightingForFamilies don't let 1984 come true investigate investigate. U need to stop it
yes I love issues to but the Russ's issue much more a danger to my rights
says the women that voted herself a more than 40,000- pay raise then plans to raise Ma tax rate
E Warren do you know how many hrs a middle class person has to work just to make the amount of your raise ?
E. Warren other than screw Ma residents by voting yourself a raise what have you done to help us ?
E. Warren you care only about illegals and do do anything for actual Ma residents
E.Warren why don't you stop fighting for illegals & actually do something for Ma . Residents ?
E. Warren it's time for Ma to vote you out next term
E. Warren you are more worried about trying to worry about screwing over our president than doing  your job
E. Warren you are Un-American !
Well Elli, pretty soon those McD, etc, jobs will be KIOS. Min. Wage was never intended to be a carrier. WAke up
what a looser you are
neither am I or most other real hard working Americans.
did anyone think they were really going to?
WHAT? I heard you retired. That's the word on the street. Something about dementia. Sorry to hear it!
The Trump and his cronies should be forced to live on a minimum wage. Idiots!
How can they? When all u want to do is talk about Russia. Ur way of staying a do nothing congress. U get paid People get screwed
Did anyone really think they would?!?  We were warned!
. And then the worker will ask for less hours like they do in states that have the $15 because free ride will gn.
Ms. Idiot Warren do you know what raising the min. Wage to $15 a hour would do to small businesses
Name one substantial thing you've done for families besides bitching, moaning, and kowtowing to Cecile Richards. Answer: nada.
don't forget those of you on the reservation liar
we must protect the freedom of all....the left has destroyed our ethics and tradition.  Time to heal
relationships change hearts.  Civil rights are in the law now.  Trump has not indicated any desire to destroy
demonization of human beings who have a difference is false teaching.  The left cannot win by screaming.
there are many more Christian values than repro rights and LGBT issues.   Churches have sometimes demonized.
Win an election and you can do things your way
u sound like a whiny liberal that is not in power anymore because u had the power and CHOCKED YESONTRUMP
another thing that helps are the christian ethics and values that the left has destroyed.
an
real world solutions requires more tha talk....real world experience helps a lot
solving big problems...jobs, economy, education, health care..more than one way to go about solving problems


you live in alternate universe. Same old top down, gov can solve all. Well, why didn't you? Did you take Econ?
we are sick of dem elitism and ignorance of fundamentals. I love that you haven't learned. I hope you run. Crush
& polluting air,water,schools,constitution,WH,way to stay on point Liz!
.  TRump iscreating real jobs that pay above minimum wage.  Obama only created minimum wage jobs.  Big difference
Are you serious? Too much to ask of this outfit ( don't like using terms like #Government , administration etc)
supply and demand should drive wages. Econ 101. Bigger problems to solve than :fair schedling." Sheesh.
he has been in only a little over 40 plus days! #fake news
Too busy lying abt private email,private Russian mtgs,private health care,private border ban;only bath should be
Trump is fighting to give them jobs, Pocahontas, something the Dems haven't done for 8 years!
You and your conspiring party are no longer relevant.:-)
Why aren't Democrats pounding away on Trump's $3 million a trip vacations to Mar-a-Lago. Think it's alread up to 5 trips on AF 1.
when the evidence of GOP collusion is released and it's coming soon prepare for a full Stop on all bills .
Dem wants higher wages until a Big Mac cast $25. Higher the wages, higher the cost! Find a way to Lower Cost!
Hey LizzyWhat good have you done for the American families lately. U sure showed off your true colors Tues night
raising the minimum wage is going to crush the middle class, and weaken this economy
See The Trump administration doesn't care cuz he is businessman and want to have Republicans to destroy the
Is this ever going to end? Bad nightmare!!! What will it take for #TRUMPGATE  to implode.  I see it coming!!!
Pocahontas take ECO101 class.. or look at states that did that..
Pocalier
The expectation that DT will help anyone but himself is naive.  He won't even help his wife down the steps @AF1
Thank you!! We need to help you and the dems in this fight! We so appreciate your leadership!
what did u do all these years. Filled your pockets.  Lied you way thru the years. Jerk.
Or increasing healthcare spending, not being able to bring mfg jobs back and ruining the economy with more debt.
oh wow great idea, raise the minimum wage so all our workers are laid off for machines. Great idea dummy,#dummy
Wah!  Something else to whine about Pocahontas!
What Bubble do You Live In
they only fight 4 their own rich people
Whining While We Are Wining! #WWWAW!
GOP is fighting to make rich richer and poor poorer and sicker.
stupid things to do with my friends
Senator Warren what have you done??? NOTHING                    Are you NATIVE AMERICAN??? NO
not the feds job! Stay out of ALL Americans way! Let people fend 4 themselves! They will surprise themselves n u
If Paul Ryan has his way Social Security and Medicare are going to be drastically cut!
stay on Russia please!
And democrats aren't doing their jobs at all. Forcing give to work without cabinets members. Hurting AMERICA.
if only fair scheduling was our biggest issue.........
and what are you doing? Oh I know obstruction
How much Liz? $20 an hour?  $25? $50? Make minimum wage $50 an hour if you're serious. Or hell, make it $75 Think big!

of course they're not. even though they sell that philosophy and lie about it.  Follow their $$ to find the real truth. :-)  THANK YOU!
The @GOP is fighting for lies and more lies. #ImpeachGOP #FakeFacts #WarmWar #RussianSpy #Putin #ImpeachTrump
the GO
@SenWarrenThe GOP is using Trump chaos to hide an agenda that has never been for poor and working class. Smoke is good 4 them!
in the same breath, doesn't that help small businesses? I want to be a business owner, not a worker.
Stop whining. Hillary Won !! 
the @GOP only care about their corporate sponsors.
so when are we going to be able to separate Big Business influence and Government? Lines need to be drawn.
Senator Warren but Ky is stuck with a bunch of idiots as their politicians! One word-impeachment!
Thanks Senator Warren for fighting for all Americans!
- that's the truth
They're too busy getting environmental regulations out of big oil's way. Too hell w ACA, EPA,ESA,ED,CRights
Hey can approve a pipeline,  but  can't fix the pipes in Flint,  Michigan.  Why? Because it doesn't benefit him!
settle down pocohontos
I like my presidents like I like my coffee: strong and black.
ya, like you are working for anyone besides Soros with his sick anti-American agenda. U make us sick Liarwatha!
#WarrenIsATraitor
a big problem with people that were born with a Golden Spoon... they don't understand the Working Class Ppl..
I'd love for  the swamp to come down & work in the working class field.... and then try to live on minimum wage.
but at the end of the day I am proud to be an  citizen..
you are one very sick person!!
By raising the min wage you will also quadruple the number of unemployed young black men, why make it harder to get an entry level job?
Sounds like voodoo economics to me.m
Automation will be pushed even more, like in Seattle. Anyone who wants to raise the min wage knows nothing about business or economics.
I think we all know the agenda is profits above all else with big business.
Raising the minimum will create false wealth, those expenses will be put back on the consumer. Labor will not be used as much.
we don't want minimum wage raised
Bc they're fleecing America. Keep up the fight, hold them accountable. Thank you for your leadership
Don't forget the environment!
PLEASE DON'T FORGET ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE! 
Or affordable health care and the guarantee of Medicare for the old & Medicare for the poor--not tax vouchers
because they only care about the 1% - I'm tired of the Koch Brothers running the country #TrumpRussia
It is all about corporations, fat cats, Goldman Sach tigers, Exxon T Rex, Rosneft oil and Putin's wishes
@realDonaldT McDonalds is for high school kids, not for college graduates trying to support a family of 4/5. Thus a lower wage.
Liz, i don't think you get it. Minimum wage is exactly that. The job should dictate the income. McDonald's is MW
govt doesn't set wages,supply & demand does,increase wages by shortage of illegals,Trump creates more job choice
go (go go go) away ( ay ay ay)...spoken into your relevance.
Pocahontas you need to shut up and stop this witch hunt your Dems are doing. Your making yourself look bad.
And the Rubs were little sweeties for the past eight years. You betcha.
