Yeah, you libtardz have been doing business with them for the last 8 yrs, now your wanting unity. Calling the kettle black are we
minds, your souls are empty.  What could have happened to all of you you?
And North Korea??
NK and China have repeatedly offered to wind down missile program. DC rejected the offer every time. Arms Industry profits a key factor
Awesome
NATO is a drain on America and our armed forces none of the terrorists listen to them
You mean the one's that Obama knew of, but lied about to the American people? And you never denounced that?
How about countering the #DeepStateOperatives or #PedoGate creeps stateside?  stop spreading propaganda  + #fearporn. @POTUS @TGowdySC
Warren/Franken 2020? What say you guys? @alfranken
Sen. Warren, can article 4 of the 25th amendment be invoked to remove this mentally ill Trump from office? Citizens look to you for wisdom.
Do you think there is a more pressing situation going on right now? Get your head out of the sand Warren. Your ignorance is incredible!!!
And what Senator did you elect?
HOW CAN U SAY THIS WHEN HRC GOT MONEY & I SAW WHERE SOME OTHER DEMOCRATS?  WE NEED LAW & ORDER IN THE WHITEHOUSE AGAIN FOR THE LAST TIME !!!
More RUSSIAN agenda! LOL! Constantly Russia/bigotry/racism & whatever "ism" words u can come up with. Disgusting!

“@SenWarren: We also reaffirmed the need for the US & NATO to remain united in countering these asymmetric tactics from Russia.”
Let me ask you something Senator........why was it so easy the Russians outed Clinton and our own media couldn't.........
Enjoy that Buffalo steak ,Lizzy ?
Putin is waiting for apology - A New Report Raises Big Questions About Last Year’s DNC Hack via  @thenation
Phocahontis your not the President Donald Trump is
generations to come.  You are lazy and sit around watching stupidity on your TVs and tweet the world away.  Your hearts, your
to gain any understanding of our country or the world order, to care about one another or about the dump site you are leaving
So disappointed in the American voter.  You can only tweet and are unable to act,
but but but Venezuela!
CIA in Venezuela - see also Chomsky - the USA and Latin America
Joe Manchin is about to hand over his seat to McConnell. Please stop this.
You do not support the military. What a farce. The military knows your stance and are not falling for your fake support.
What of Rwanda and Paul Kagame?
Last I heard Donald Trump is President. Your crazy
Wait for 2018 election to watch if will reaffirm something very Fatal to the Bankrupt Democratic Party!
#draindrumpfswamp
Get your
NATO needs be aware of the tactics of Islam such as their immigrant invasion of Europe.Their last invasion was stopped by King Charlemagne.
Maybe we should attack Russia like Obama did & send more US Uranium & US Mfg! Or hit them hard w pallets of cash!
So, Polish PIS just took control over the judiciary. No word from you. Russia!!1!
Still trying to determine why HRC named you "THE WORM" with a chuckle. Let us in on the joke,or is it a joke?
We're on the brink of war with NK and all you're able to talk about is Russia. Get over your obsession

What about North Korea. You just want to lay down and be a wimp to them. You make no sense. Treat them with a strong hand
The military doesn't care for you. You hold the back like Obama did and that's not good.
asymmetric tactics?  someone's been reading strategy 4 dummies
Pocahantas knows.
Just trying to push your Russian collusion conspiracy narrative! The real threat is Islamic State marching across Europe unchecked!
Get on the correct page we are dealing with North Korea right now.  Please pay attention

Your still talking Russia, while we are about to go to war n Korea & possible China. Get u r priorities right girl!
Why don't you go spend your time in North Korea talking to KJU? Perhaps he will stop being a menace to the world! Maybe he'll can his nukes?
lol stupid n Korea and china who wants to b super power is bigger threat then Russia clueless !
We don't care what you say crawl back here hole and stay there or have your Democrat friends do their job and pass a health care bill
You meant so say North Korea
What has been asymmetric?
Russia Russia Russia, it's getting tired & old! Are you Avoiding N Korea because of BHO aiding & abetting them?
Reaffirmed any healthcare for your constituents? There's work to be done at home.
wtf
Liz, you are a real tool, you should go to jail for claiming you are progressive, you are a stain to that title #warmonger
"we"
Who is we? Are you colluding with other countries?
Why are you so concentrated on Russia? There is us and them. I don't think you have an idea between east and west  You are so shallow
Bot
Right. Because he doesn't agree with a liberal. Typical.  When do you libs start your book burnings?
Please focus on your usual, #resist. #potus unlike you is doing the work. #pocahontas
If I had a dollar for every time you said Russia.. .
can you accomplish anything besides your insane Russian conspiracy?
What an Obstructionist, @POTUS gives a major speech & @SenWarren can only talk about Nato... Pokahontis catch up to the rest of the world...
Good statement from you Elizabeth anyway and you can follow back to talk better okay
Did you ever graduate HS or was that a lie too? #Pocahontas
#RussiaGate is fake, perpetuated by #DNC because clinton was horrible
Its about to implode
Liberals were pro-Soviet during the Cold War. Why the change of heart now?
Unfortunately, Donald Trump was taught by Roy Cohn.
And Hillary too
Russia Russia get out of office. We are SICK  of hearing Russia Russia.
Yeah that's why Trump does the Clinton and threatens war all over the place. Cheap and irresponsible distraction campaign.
Well I like him. And will vote for him again
Sorry your side spent millions for nothimg. So get over it. Play with some Play Dough.
Stockholm syndrome can hit anyone eh.
Well if playing with Play Dough does that for you. Then I happy for you.
Hah you sure suck at your troll game.
How's that DNA test coming?
LOL
Thank you for your hard work and tireless efforts despite the challenges you are facing with the current White House Admin.
You are sick, and Warren.
Asymmetric is a big word for you, chief.
Pick up the phone!
Pocahontas tosses Hillary's salad.
Did your parents even try?
Your stupidity is showing
United in spite of drumpf's extorted pivot to Putin.
How are things at the Reservation Pocahontis? Did you ever prove your Indian ancestry?
Seriously? Trump and his idiotic comments and you guys bite. Is he still waiting on his investigation on obama's birth certificate?
How about ask him how his wife Melania worked in the US illegally?
Sen Elizabeth Warren:We also reaffirmed the need for the US & NATO to remain united in countering these asymmetric tactics from Russia.
Pay attention the problem is in NK now . Hello hello
Oh Senator Warren, can you imagine how frightened the people of our country are? Please help us.
Yeah, well, Obama and Clinton appeased and nuked up North Korea and you gave ZERO SH*TS. Now you are so "frightened".

Bullshit. And if you are a Trump supporter than I expect you to be first on the plane to North Korea, Komrade. Get your gear and git.
ScrewU
Typo. You meant North Korea
THANK YOU!
