Just repeal Obamacare and everyone will be happy
Nope
yep
Only 24% of Americans want Obamacare repealed, another 18% want it repealed and UPGRADED, the rest want it the same or just upgraded
not really, polls are not accurate
Everyone I know personally (some 800 people plus) wants it to either remain or be upgraded.
Trump was elected on repealing Obama care
No, he was elected on Hillary's emails and Benghazi
Still waiting to see your ideas for healthcare instead of just hearing your scare tactics regarding the Republican plan!!!!
Yell much? dude... you know what the AHCA is... you want that? she may be your enemy, but she's fighting for you, tackle that and then ask.
She's not fighting for anything but centralized government control and power.
Keep telling yourself that buddy, keep telling yourself that.
Not trying to be rude but if you're Canadian, why are U arguing about American healthcare & defending someone who lied about her race 4 jobs
Funny instead of digging for the truth; you go looking for birth certificates, how American of you...
Sad ain't it? he's or should I say "it" is probably not even an American, at least I'm honest bout being a Canadian, and showing support.
I'm American;  military veteran.  Actually worked with the Canadians at your air base in Nova Scotia for a short time.  Very fun place!
Go @SenWarren !!! Canada is with you guys! One day I hope you guys finally have what we have! Happiness, health, education, unity!..one day.
When was the last time a new wonder drug or lifesaving medical treatment was developed in Canada?
Do a google search, I dunno why you're asking me.
I didn't think you would.
ok? c-ya
Liz - if Obamacare was so great how come you and your fellow senators are not enrolled in it?
You mean like Obamacare which I lost my insurance to and can't afford it now?
Obama Care was based on lie to Am people;  Obama''s only comment to Republicans was "that's what elections are for".!
Zombie movie? That's hilarious @SenWarren Keep fighting the good fight. #Resist #NotMyPresident
This bill is an insult. These GOP asses are completely out of touch with reality. Warren explains it well.
Oh, yes, shes a GEM    Your great senator Pocahontas, fools follow fools
Racial slur reflects on you. Many suspect Native Am. heritage; many have family stories about ancestry w/o corroboration. So?
Slurs?  Silly, NO she liked. It really is simple
Elizabeth Warren creator of Hillary Clinton and all what is crooked

Planned Parenthood =/= Planned Parenthood Action Fund
Can't be worse than your communist Obamacare. Get Government out of Healthcare.

#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
Fix what's wrong with the ACA, not scrap it or better yet Medicare for all!
But at least they are doing something- the system is in its death throes now. Too bad you guys can't all work together.......

Call it what it is, trumpcare. He's trying to distance himself from it & so are the GOP by calling it the Senate Healthcare bill.
Thank goodness more people came to their senses and it failed again today!
Thank you for always being in the forefront of challenging the Status quo #WonderWomanWarren
Thank u @SenatorWarren for saying no to this Bill! Mitch McConnell is the senator of my state, such a disappointment.
Then get off your duff, stop resisting and help fix our current broken obamacare system
Hillary's friend
interesting fact.. "CODE ADAM".. named after John Walsh's son.. was the predecessor to "AMBER ALERT" 
@chtemplin @SenateGOP I like this woman she tells it like it is.
There are a LOT of good things about ACA, as a 60 yr old self employed person last year I had coverage I could use for the first time n yrs
Keep fighting against this! #healthcarematters #iamapreexistingcondition #saveourhealthcare
Get a job.... Get insurance, WHY should I pay for your insurance ??
I want fair, not free. #healtcarematters and so does compassion.
Then, church, friends, job... I pay for mine, I donate to my church, don't want to pay for you
Translation: "I have no idea what's in the bill or what's going on in general but that's never stopped me from being an asshat before!"
LOL. Your reverse-trolling game needs work. Like, a lot of work. 
Translation: "I think I'm clever but I'm really not. I'm just an obnoxious troll."
Who are you talking to? Kids? Why do you treat your constituents to this kind of insight? Zombie movie?
The average American reading level is grade seven. Keep it simple. More educaed people will seek more knowledge
Probably why she made a video instead of putting it in writing.
Of course. How else would the typical, impressionable millennial stay involved in politics without appealing heavily to emotional response?
Did anyone expect anything better from the party known to protect the rich, homophobic and the racist right?
Yes Cruz is a tool who HAS TO GO next time he's up for reelection!  What a TOOL!
Why can't we get it right?
Get money out of politics!
#TrumpcareWill #TrumpcareKills
#HealthcareBill #HealthCareFraud
#TheResistance #Resist
We're outliers in this space ...
Does this lady ever have anything nice or positive to say about anything?!
If there is anything positive to be said, I'm sure she would...seriously though you get what you give!!
Granted going through the last 8 years was tough on everyone, but improvement can be seen everywhere!
Cataracts huh?? Have no idea what you see has been improved!!
I CAN FIX-LISTEN TO ME!! I TOOK BAD DRUGS & FDA HELPED.. FIX FDA & FINE DRUG COMPANYS & USE THAT MONEY TO PAY FOR HEALTHCARE OF MANY, DONE !
So write a bill u like and can get passed. Prove u understand the system and can lead.
You Ms, Warren are a Zombie!

And Obamacare is good?
Elizabeth, good to see you're adding some zing and color to your ads on the Twitter
You're the starring zomie in the senate!  Haha!
Senator, the worst bill was actually the first that was passed years ago!#RepealAndReplace
who voted for these people?
#SinglePayerNow!
Then get with @SenBernie and your Democrate colleagues to push a Medicare for all bill. Until that happens, this is just whining #politics
Stop paying the government exhorbant salaries and free healthcare and endless terms!! There's your cut!
The healthcare system is already broken it's an inherit problem for everyone not just republicans when can we start being just Americans
Thank ｙｏｕ Senator for all your good work.
You sound like you're on the tribal war dance. Get over it. #MAGA
Sen. Warren, what can we do?.  It is depressing to think people voted into office to take care of our country and it's citizens don't
Nothing is worse than Obamacare
obamacare was a failure, all you dems lied every step of the way to get it passed, move over its time for the republicans to fix ur mess
This is why @kidrock will win!
Pocahontas....  You have SO little credibility.  My healthcare increased over 100% this year, on the bill YOU voted in.  You r a fibber
Besides that shitty ObamaCare!
Unless it puts money in the republican billionaires pockets, they don't care about Liams mother or anyone else.
Ok so REPEAL OvomitCare and give us what Congress healthcare is and stop the BS! Or YOU go on the crap UR forcing on us!
There is a CDC & Defense is the the first thing the Gov. is responsible for. Defense against what your can't see still requires defense.
VOTE KID ROCK AND WE WILL REMOVE EVERY SINGLE LIBERAL OBSTRUCTING HEALTH CARE AND OUR NATIONAL SECURITY PLAYING POLITICS WITH AMERICAN'S
Nothing could be worse than the disaster you came up with is now.  #screwingthemiddleclass
Thank you for continuing to Fight Sen Warren! #TrumpCareKills
Oh yes, Pocahontas on the war path!  Silly !  You know she is a liar and fraud, but you dont care about that ??  Ofcourse not
right...my premiums in Texas tripled under obama.....I went from paying in the $400s to the $1200s....so spare me your crap.
Better than the 117% increase some states have all due to democraps wanting to line their pockets
democrats: the American people don't believe your lies anymore Obamacare is a disaster and you know it! Stop lying 
Please everyone, listen to Senator Warren! She is telling you what's in  Trumpcare! No sugar coating it! Just exactly what's in it!
Liz you are so nice to the GOP It's not the "worst" it's a HATE Crime against the American People
DO you know Obamacare will fail, Who built that HUGE pile ?  Now GOP fault cuz they cant clean up and make you happy ?  SILLY
Ur the worst yet!
Crook
Because American Ogilarcs like Mercer and Koch's, who hide $ offshore need more tax breaks. Get angry, America! This is bull crap.
OMG !  Bullcrap is this ACA JAMMED down our throats with lies !  Now it fails and its the GOP fault, GOD you guys are crazy
How can this be legal? I can't even imagine this happening in the United States of America what can I do to help?
If this new plan is so good, then every senator who votes for it should have to sign up for the exact same plan for themselves.
Couldn't be any worse than Obamacare. Oh but wait you wouldn't know because it wasn't good enough for Congress to have as their healthcare.
#fakenews #puppet
But prolly not worse than the unsustainable B.O. care.
It doesn't matter Liz. We are screwed. Comrade.
Yes it is we need are insurance they don't have to worrie
I was hopinh you were joking when you srarted in politics,in 1943
Cant b worse than them ram it up our buts bill from the dems.
#beatgrannywarren, why don't you just go away??
@beatgrannywarren, Alert Mass. Dems! Granny Warren's game is over, she's one and done!
We so need your help!!
Really, do you read?  Follow news?  you know she is a liar and fraud ....
Universal healthcare?? Someone needs to tell trump that this will make him a hero ..loved by all
Please dear God, stop this horror
Are you crazy ?   ACA was a lie and now failed, GOP left to fix that HUGE mess, but ofcourse, it is their fault, WAKE UP !

What's your position on Russia interference? Why Dems so quiet?
You are producing crap in Washington. We will turn you into the "House of Representin'" for our own amusement. Go Sen KID ROCK!!!
@coton_luver @SenateGOP 
What is happening to our country? We have evil repubs going baserk trying to steal money from the poor
GOP hates #ACA so much they've exempted themselves from repealing it  
You have the final draft?
Stop embarrassing your self. Isn't time for your re-election fund-begging from big pharma and the banks.
Liza, you would have a hate speech for anything the republicans said.Just goaway!!
Just spit-balling here but I think there is a DIRECT correlation betw ObamaNOcare & the opioid crisis.The plan handed out opioids like candy
YOU LIBERALS AND RHINOS GET FREE HEALTH CARE AND YOUR DELAYING OUR HEALTH COVERAGE OVER POLITICS! I'LL BE VOTING KID ROCK AGAINST YOU ALL
What's your plan Lizzie?
I hope the republicans show some form of character on this vote
You know slimy Repubs r gonna pass that nasty shit by a VERY CLOSE VOTE! Do it n we will be in the streets n their offices!! w/pitchforks!!
Tired of Democratic there never ending lies. Know wonder there becoming exstickned.
Vote NO!!!

Heard McConnell is giving CBO the .@GOP bill w/o Cruz amendment...Going to use Price instead? CALL THEM ON THEIR BS! 
#CBO #TrumpDontCare 
All lies from a America hater. Fake Indian
No the worst one yet was Obamacare. You have to pass it to find out what is in it. You can keep your doctor,you can keep your plan .
OMG, that is great.... these fools have NO idea who they follow...
How can it be worse if it looks like Obama Care Light
Fauxcahontas is once again smoking too much Peyote to make any sense whatsoever. Still waiting for her bill. Oh wait..
Amidst Russian treason, there is NO WAY Trump didn't know abt that meeting ahead of time, he was IN the bldg. Impeach.
It is way better thAn Obama care. So what is the solution. Just don't knock it down. Give a real solution. Don't just attack.
They just keep peeing up our sleeves and want us to think it's raining.
how can anybody manage all this.Will it be flattering to say it's a one man army when it comes to bills / resolutions!
Take the DNA test or shut up
no wonder Harvard only let you teach one course a week . You put the kids to sleep like a zombie movie
Ohhhhh PLEASE Senator...run for President!!  Please be the Left's choice for the to challenge Trump!!!   :-))
I can't deal with this.. it's so distressing what's happening Now.
Gary's a troll...
Its embarrassing watching old people try to he "hip" and relate to young people. Especially old politicians.
Thank You for keeping us informed and NOT "Shutting Up!"
Can't be any worse than the train wreck that is Obamacare
Where is the list of proposed ACA fixes by the democrats while we all watch healthcare costs rise and the Rich Companies refusing to serve?
Stop lying to the American people about healthcare @SenWarren!
How is it that you have the time to waste on this?  Don't you have work to do?
Back 2 the millions of dead piled in the streets pre-ACA. Thankfully we won't have single payer like the VA that actually killed people!
Sorry but Obamacare was, is, and continues to be worse for Americans.
The #Trumpcare Bill coming "back from the dead" couldn't be more accurate as revealed in this @cnnbrk screen grab today:
Hey, Liz. Medicaid paid $5,500.a month for my mom. She died of sepsis and malnutrition on 6/2/17. She was there from 9/9/16.
The worst one is currently law.
PLEASE convene a bipartisan meeting of all women Senators! Many @GOP women said we need bipartisan cooperation on this, c'mon ladies, DO IT!
Wouldn't they have been better off working on improving the ACA and giving proper time than releasing crap after crap. They look foolish!
Foolish ?  Obama Lied... He did, we know it, ACA failed... he slammed it down our throats, if it was great, why need improving, it FAILED !
Thanks to you,your party & that POS Obama that soon he will become the president that never was I've lost my doctor & pay 4times more
Thanks to obamacare I've lost my doctor my deductible & insc r 4 times higher . Just kill the whole thing.
TY. We're counting on you & other thinking Senators to STOP IT.
Mrs Warren.  Lies are in the dem geno. Get to work.
Awww, you're just mad because the welfare kings & queens will have to get a job to be eligible for Medicaid.
Hello
New health care bill save 'heap big wampum'!
I noticed the boots behind you. Are you playing cowboys & INDIANS?
TrumpCare will take funds away from millions of disabled children. Republicans have never been able to walk a mile in another persons shoes!
Tell them to stop trying to shove it through and give it some thought.  Quit thinking Party & take care of the country.
How did you get so MEGA rich? You have more than most of us will ever have on a measly Senators pay.  How is this possible? 1%er hypocrite
And includes exemption for Congress !!! Vote NO!!!
AS A TEACHER (COLLEGE) SHE GETS $400000 FOR TEACHING ONE CLASS,AND HAS THE NERVE TO SAY COLLEGES ARE TOO EXPENSIVE?
So do you have any solid ideas to fix ObamaCare, or are you just content to post videos and throw stones?
Except of course for the ACA.

Thank you for your bravery to stand up to the GOP! We need more honesty and less   
POTUS pandering! Thank you!
We need Single Payer
Hey Fauxcahontas, I'm still wanting my plan back that I liked and was told I could keep. Can you help? Didn't think so
How can the people of MA be happy with you as their Senator? You're the most worthless person in government. All screech, no action.
I honestly don't care. The ACA mainly helped rural whites, who turned out & voted for Trump. They asked for this, let them suffer!
It won't pass.
You better worry about your seat.  You gonna lose it! #You'reFired
GOP should repeal the ACA, not replace and make a subsidized risk pool for the ill, like car insurance. Stop helping.
Wikipedia-George Soros- Donations & Quotes. Also search him on Google & FB. Now they try to impeach a sitting President. This is a coup.
How? Oh yeah, also "How."
Doom and gloom... Doooooom and gloooooom.
Did you READ the bill @SenWarren?
You are a one trick pony.  Do you do ANYTHING constructive?
Bill good. You bad.
"The Republican plan to emancipate slaves is the worst one yet". E. Warren. 1863.
Are you serious?
Nothing beats ACA in the "worse" department.
Obamacare in a death spiral.Typical Democrat,you have nothing to offer-so step aside while the adults figure it out.
All business taxes are include in the prices paid by customers. Raise business taxes; raise price/cost to consumers.
Dramahauntus on the Warpath!!!
Don't you realize that when businesses pay taxes they're just passing along what they've collected from customers?
You are inncorrect. The worst Health Care bill is the Affordable Care Act. #RepealAndReplace
Your demonization of GOP Healthcare is JUST like a zombie movie - fake and artificially designed to scare people.
You probably haven't even read it yet; so how would you know?
This opinion coming from someone like you that lied to us to get Obamacare past.
Jesus I love me some @SenWarren. Too funny for words. This white lady has come to wage war and take names!!!!
Keep up your great work. We are with you and appreciate you. REsist
Yeah, shes a gem...  I proven LIAR, but besides that, just great....
@kioushighlander
Stay on it Elizabeth! We know you are working hard for us! #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid

And this group in DC is truly the most greedy, self serving & immoral lying team ever to inhabit our Government
No, Obama health care was the worst one yet
