Its in unconstitutional to force us to pay for things we don't want or need.
You don't want it until someone you know needs it...
Then you set up a GoFundMe and hope that it helps cover your bills.
I do not need go fund me more over I don't need to pay for your ins. Everyone is used to free money. It's. It free its tax payers money.
But you don't mind our tax money going towards Trump golfing? 

3 million a trip...
make our economy strong, jobs and safety stronger To much corruption in dem party. He can golf everyday for all I care. F..Russia conspiracy
Make our economy strong? 
We've had the slowest first quarter since 2014 w/ Trump

President golf > helping a cancer kid 
Great mentality.
You seem to care more about his golf since your willing to pay for that over helping care for your fellow citizens
The choice is ours NOT yours!  Health care is available to all regardless. We do not want single payer HC!Everyone's needs are not the same!
Explain why every other first world country has universal healthcare...
except us.
If we repeal Ocare tens of thousands will die.
everyone has a right to purchase health care! You don't have the right to force me to pay for other people's Healthcare!!
Still digging trying to find in the constitution that says HC is a right. What did folks do 100 years ago?
It's not a right but it's a moral obligation that every other first world country has been providing to their citizens for 40-plus years
The "gov't" doesn't pay, it's MY taxes and I'm done supporting folks that won't work! & illegals
So you alone will pay ALL of your healthcare costs, Drs., med. tests, hospital stays, medication. You don't want help with that from others?
My employer helps pay, that's called a benefit not entitled. Don't want to be a burden.
My employer, my employer. Shame on you. You have it now, I Hope you never get fireD #COBRA or one of your loved ones die cause of ppl like u
Please cite your source for saying, "Healtcare is a basic human right."  I can't find it written anywhere.  Are you making it up?
I don't know how to explain to you that you should care about your fellow humans.
I care about their dignity, by not turning them into farm animals reliant on the government teat for everything libs tell them they need.
So if someone gets into a car wreak or gets cancer or falls into a coma, they should get no assistance, then go bankrupt and then die?
Health insurance should be purchased just like home, auto, and life insurance.  Why aren't life ins policies for everybody a human right?
An exercise: would life insurance need to exist if all people were safely assured basic care?
Show your work.
It's NOT A right obviously they can't read!
Single payer is next step to socialist gov..dems dont care..look at OC..they want socialist gov...eake up and learn the facts!!
A basic human right to have access & be able to purchase it; not to have the government mandate it's purchase or subsidize it through taxes.
When Medicaid goes bankrupt I'll make sure to point this tweet out to those that lose it.
You are living in the wrong country,it is not a basic human http://right.You  democrats have the taxes so high with obama & obamacare
No. Healthcare is NOT a right. No one has a right to someone else's services.
Not according to you!   Although so many countries already have this!
Rights are outlined in the US Constitution. You should read it sometime and get to know it since you took an oath to uphold it.
Paying for someone else's Health Care is not my responsibility. You have your head in a dark place.
As a member of society, you are responsible for that society, including health care. Don't like it? Leave.
Heres a scalpel Dr. Warren , you may want to build a microscope to find whats left of your Frontal lobe before you operate
BS, BS, BS, BS IF YOU TAKE SOMETHING FROM ONE PERSON TO GIVE TO ANOTHER IT IS NOT A RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
N9.it  is not. Read the Constitution
Keep fighting Elizabeth Warren.  Fight Net Neutrality too!  Thanks for all you do!
Really? What if everyone exercised their right NOT to be a doctor? Then what? Forced doctoring? So stupid and you know it, which is evil.
please explain for I'm sure life is also a human right! Oh didn't see that coming huh?#MAGA
Basic: MEDICARE FOR ALL
Don't begin new bargaining where benefits are compromised away by GOP/Bluedogs or est. Dems indebted to big $ donors
Must have missed that right in bill of rights, can u point it out to me nobody gets denied care, this is just fake outrage
I missed that one in the BILL of RIGHTS
When did doctors, hospitals, nurses, etc start working for free?
Not if I have to work and pay for others.
We the People pay your salary. How about you and your fellows get the same exact healthcare that "we" have.
Maybe they can pay for their own insurance without subsidies
Amazing that Finland has free health care for all citizens, adequate homes and incomes too
First off finland is so small..78% of income taken in taxes..closed borders..and list goes on..
I think we are not using our imaginations enough to create new ways of living well, helping one another--after all $ is only rep of exchange
Socialism DOES NOT AND NEVER HAS WORKED!..
I'm not writing in support of any known government type--I'm saying it's time to think new, imagine, create--move past our primitive selves
Primitive?..best docs..your iphone..anyone willing to work can succeed..freedoms..Those primitive?
What you want is socialism.
no it is not, it is a service provided by another person, that one has to pay for./
Do you understand what that means, that attitude? I have four autoimmune diseases. We will not be able to afford ins, care meds. I will die.
no you won't, you would get another type of coverage, no one has ever been turned away at a hospital
The hospital might not turn me away, but who's going to pay that $20K bill for one ER visit? We are on ONE SALARY bc I'm sick as it is.
You should understand the country you represent. We are a Constitutional Republic with a Capitalist society. Health care is not a right.
So you mean savage, not civilized, I guess that's your perception.
No, we are a compassionate society who believe in charity and aide for those in need. Health care is private, not government responsibility
So lay your sick seniors & babies  on sidewalk for garbage truck
Ridiculous! Before Obsmacare, seniors & babies weren't left on sidewalks. Are you assuming they all are wards of government. Silly remark!
No it isn't...#TermLimits 
#lieahontas
Thanks for your efforts for even those to ignorant to realize you fight for them. Luv Sen Warren


That would involve them in health care
It is not a right. Shouldn't food, clothing, shelter be higher on the list of rights. Which none of those are rights either like healthcare
I love what you do for Americans. I wish the Republican party would think about US citizens instead of the pocket books of the wealthy.
Read the constitution Lizzy the fake indian! Where health care in there? Its not, idiot!
not true you pay for healthcare unless your low http://income.You  screwed the working class on obamacare premiums doubled
Yes, the Declaration of Independence says all people have an inalienable right to LIFE! that means a right to healthcare, doesn't it?
Shouldn't have to fight for the core values of the constitution of America!, but it's only shows the greed of politicians !!! .
The WH is threatening withholding legally mandated payments to exchange insurers! #trumpmustpay
Is that how the Indians did it? Or when they got sick, they sat alone, to die?
Did the Constitution say we will all have insurance?
Are you a bot?
If coverages are out of the equation, everyone could have healthcare
It was asked for by President Truman about 1948 and your party while in control of the both houses for 40yrs never brought it up.
Yes, it is a right.  You cannot expect the young to be saddled with mandatory premiums where a tax return is taken for premium-non payment.
The problem is OBAMACARE. It destroyed the marketplace. Government needs to stay out of people's healthcare. Its our business. Not YOURS.
It is not a right afforded by the Constitution. #Repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
Medicaid pays for mental health care, nursing home care and Meals on Wheels. It pays for substance misuse treatment and much more.
Ms Warren your doin' is proud out there sister.  Thank God for you !
@senwarren So... Free rubbers for all?
Because Congress can't get their stuff together they both are for the people not for each other
I am so glad you are fighting! I hope the Dems are also writing legislation to improve and strengthen the ACA now...don't wait!
Thank you Senator Warren. I love your spunk.
You have to pay for it dimmy
Our Care? Youre on that cushy congressional healthcare plan, not medicaid or O-care. Sit the f%$k down!
Life liberty pursuit of happiness is all
A basic human right is being able to keep what you earn, yet you domt fight for that. #Resign
Health care is not a right !
If you all are so worried about the money you loose from OUR PEOPLE receiving medical, why no outrage on the 6 trillion for middle East war?
Colorado hit 200 million dollar income from recreational cannibals. There's our medical and educational money.
It had a 1.3 billion revenue. The money's there people no taxes raised. The stoners just paid for most of it.
Heath care is NOT a basic human right. No amount of declarations on your part will make it so.
Nothing was done in DC because we refused to face the truth that USA is a Banana Republic
It's not if your making me pay for someone elses healthcare or making me pay for insurance I don't need or want.
You've got a right to play fake Indian (fraudulently for work could be a crime though) but you got no right to decide others rights or steal
Go, Liz! Bring #SinglePayerSystem to us all.
@RevJJackson it's actually not, but very well.
Bobbledhead Lizzy smoking from the peace pipe again.
Is that in the constitution? Or the Bible? Let the markets work and let people choose.
If healthcare is a basic human right,then why do those humans aborted by PP not have the right to care instead of death??
It should not be a grocery store item where you purchase it. Use your  brain people
Well done Rev-spoken like a True Democrat: support Basic Human Rights for "the selected!"
Safety & security for Childern should also be a basic Human Right!  In case you missed it while joining the Democratic Party in the Hilton
What about shelter? Food? Water? Are those rights too? Where does it end?
# Protect our care and Medicaid. # No repeal. Just fix Bipartisan style.
The government doesn't know what your doing and doesn't belong in the insurance business.
Who's paying for that basic human right? I know I pay for my own but I'm expected to pay for somebody else's?
Healthcare is not a right, but a healthy life, safe life & lifestyle is! #chicagofallen @Richzeoli @ChrisStigall @MattRayTalk  @Himself3909
@RevJJackson no...it's not... it's a great privilege to work to have,  but not a right.
Do you have any idea of what a RIGHT is?  Health Care is a commodity that is bought and paid for.  You have no right to require it.
Thank you !
thank you!!!
Thank you please keep fighting. We need more of you
Sent. Warren why is it that no one has acknowledge the impeachment process of hat the American people has signed to put trump out of office
BS. No way in hell it's a basic human right.  You only call it a "right" in order to justify making others pay for it.
Just please don't buy into the hate.  Or Buy into drama and feigned outrage. Someone will come out of this strong after standing w/dignity
Someone, some day, will be the one who reaches across and teaches us all how to work together and share responsibility and freedom. Maybe u
#Americans: Ask your Representatives/Senators this: "Is health care a right?"
Pay close attention to their answer. Then decide.
@SenWarren Do u have #ObamaCare How many n house senate Congress do? 
Do you agree #Politicians should use same #healthcare as the people?
Yes. "Senator Grassley" told me that Medicaid has grown too big. Maybe because so many don't have healthcare
Um no, it isn't ding dong, btw...can we test your #DNA ?  #fakahontas
Why is health car a basic right?
But some ppl r assholes. It will only b a basic human right 2them when things go sour n they find themselves without health insurance 1day
Get a d--- job and you'll have health care.. I paid for mine and I shouldn't have to pay anyone else's.....With my social security......!!!!
The only rights guaranteed in the constitution is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  Healthcare is not a right
Shouldn't have to be if it was done right the first time. People are paying more, cant afford to use it, People lost there doctors as well
Since when is having access to someone else's labor, material and services a basic human right you communist twit?
Should have supported Bernie.
If Trump were black, none of his current supporters would have supported him to begin with
We need to see a real plan. Now more than ever. Where is it? Hope we have not been idly watching this happen.
The Constitution and laws should say as much. #DIAtoday #S910 #HR2472 #ADAPTandResist #SummerOfADAPT #SaveMedicaid #CripTheVote
When the dems take back chambers and presidency, you really need to push for a single payer healthcare system like Canada and many other.
Healthcare A Right must be Dems rally cry and slogan.
Still waiting for U to provide something showing where health care is a right and taxpayers should foot the bill for those too lazy to work
Fact Check: FALSE. The fake Indian must have a fake constitution, because it certainly doesn't say that in the real one.
No it is not.
Too bad you aren't as concerned about the rights of a fetus, but as you know a fetus can't vote.
@SenWarren please tell the person(@realDonaldTrump) in the White house that
Thank you, @SenWarren! You are awesome! #25ththe45th
So do the #SinglePayer . Do that. That fixes it ALL. @TheDemocrats
it's not a right if there's people out there duping the system. medicaid was not meant to be a career. it's supposed to be temporary.
Does it say that in the Constitution. No! Heck owning guns and self defense is a right yet you deny that to citizens... Why?
what about the right to not be killed for no reason? Is that a basic human right. R u fighting to stop abortions?
@Richzeoli NO IT IS NOT A RIGHT!  IT'S A BENEFIT YOU NEGOTIATE FOR WHILE INTERVIEWING FOR A JOB!
They're all in bed w/the insurance companies! They're self serving while the rest of us go without. Thank you @SenWarren @SenWarren2020 @cnn
If the ACA was so awesome why is congress exempt? you should have to use Obamacare too. You are a fraud
Don't let this far left Dem Senator brainwash you. She is the exact person she condemns. #politicalliiar #robbedcollegestudents #$400k/sem
When we see you sign up for it... #Pocahontas #top1%
Not a constitutional right.
You buried any chance for average American to get the care they need. So don't play holier than thou you own this.
Were going to reel em in
NO. healthcare is NOT a human right!
Please Senator Warren, get on the 2020 ticket. The country needs a tough, no nonsense, smart Senator, and you'd have my vote.
Someone needs to do it for the vulnerable.
Trump, Mc Connell & Ryan need to understand that "No" means "No" #HealthcareSerialRapists #Obamacare #Healthcare #ProtectOurCare
Wrong. It's not a human right.
No mam it is not,you have too earn it.
No, no it's not.
Where is that in constitution, Lizzy?
So is stuffing a cheeseburger,fries and a milkshake a human right when you have high cholesterol? Or is it a poor choice that others pay 4?
Free health care is slavery.
The Senate Should Have The Same #Healthcare They Choose For The People #ByThePeopleForThePeople #America
Is right to make the healthcare industry to be our slaves Mrs Warren??. No disrespect because I am a democrat.
Elizabeth your a socialist! Why should I pay for someone health care? It's called off your ass and work !
It is time now for the Democratic party to present and solve the difficult MEDICARE FOR ALL solution a right of ALL Americans.
but it is not your right to force me to pay for everyone else's
thank you Sen.  we R behind you.
There's only one thing standing in the way of good health care and that's the DEMOCRATS.
And the ship the demonrats built is sinking. Shut up and be part of the answer.
Get all those ppl off welfare, food stamps & housing & go work in the fields like the illegals. They keep having babies w/different fathers
Get a job and pay4 it. Not a right. U also have charities & Medicaid 4 destitute. 4 Painters doing my house have no med they pay penalty
non-partisan Congressional Budgetary Office (CBO) found Trump bill would strip 22 million Americans of health insurance
It's NEVER EVER been http://right.Show  me where the hell it says that in our Constitution.US NOT responsible 4 ppl who elect 2 do drug
Ypur not even worth 140 characters! Pocahontas! #MAGA
No it's not. "Rights" don't obligate other people to pay for something. #RepealObamacare #GetAJob
I wish you had fought for us being bankrupted and having no access to care in the individual market. Ignored & cast aside these many years.
No, it isn't.  When the Democrats got the government involved, the cost of insurance has skyrocketed.  The quality of care has decreased.
If you regulate costs and take illegals off our coverages it might work DA

Are u delusional? Why does a basic human right cost some people $40K and for others it's free.And then even some don't get it all? Socialist
no one has a right to other people's labor...  try again

and so is personal responsibility!
Ins.companies pulling out of Ocare, this suicide? Tide for Medicare for all will turn on them
Thank you.
And you are full of !
I missed that in the constitution. It needs to be privatized
Dems now have a chance to lead and take the spotlight. Overwhelm the headlines. No more anti-Republicanism. Lead on the fixes. No excuses!
Providing health insurance isn't a basic function of govt of a free people.Why not give your wards other basic rights free:food clothes,sex?
I wish you would kindly pay for mine.
No it's not a Basic Human Right, Freedom and Liberty are basic human rights. Freedom from repression, liberty to make decisions and choices
More entitlements... just what Americans need - more free shit and less incentive to be productive.
No the only right in existence is the seige on the Democratic towers...
Why? Why can't we figure this out?
what did we expect when these thieves were elected by the Russians
No it isn't! Your constituens are waking up, Liz!!
Fighting to destroy private health care and turn it into government run health care.
If the pooled premiums can't cover the costs, the insurance Co is not calculating the risk correctly
You are UNQUALIFIED to supply health care for ANYONE.

Get your hands off my healthcare.
In what universe is health care a right?
