Come on Elizabeth you know they will get the help they need. You Democrats are pitiful always trying to stir something up
I understand and I pray more people do not die but I honestly believe help is on the way
The former 5 presidents understsnd the immediate need and are acting on it. Trump has ignored it up until they reacted.
I would like to see what you would do with three major disasters in a month
Oh David people are in dire straights and you would rather argue the issue and try to minimize it. A true Trumpster.
Don't give me the liberal tactic that I do not care about people. It doesn't work you people are pitiful
That means you people in Washington aren't doing your jobs AGAIN!
Because Trump doesn't care.
Doesn't do anythjng for his whie supremicists!! His bigotry is glaring!!!

Janea, my family lives in PR they are not getting the help that that they need. The governor is just being diplomatic. Ask the Major of SJ!
Things are getting done. My family is in San Juan. We have talked twice, got water and food and other supplies. No power yet.
The whole island needs help. It's a larger task than hurricanes in Houston and Florida. More help on the way. Thankful
Let's get this done. Get a bill drafted my dear. ;)
So I admit they have reciev d some aid????
Where is CONGRESS ON THIS????
FEMA is completely mobilized.Why don't u support them instead of using this tragedy to make it appear that Trump not doing his job?
please go and help out, then
Trump keeps making up excuses for aid not getting to Puerto Rico yet rccl cruise ship got their. 4 days before hospital ship
And you have done what Liz?
STUPID ELIZABETH WARREN-terrorist supporter-PATIENCE
THEN GO THERE AND DIG IN!!
Yeah we know that.
Immeasurable US swimming over hurrican affected inhumanity,he is engaged larking in fundraiser celebrations.Wowed Americans humanity measure
A mobile solar panel / battery array would really help them. A big solar truck could power a medium sized hospital. #portableenergy
Drivers for trucks and water could have be flow in by helicopter or c-141 no excuse from trump . bulldozer also could have been flown in
http://www.rockinst.org/observations/strach/2017-09-27_strach.aspx …
How much have you sent Pocahontas
@KamalaHarris @marcorubio @ananavarro @CNN PLEASE MAKE THE MILITARY SEND PERSONNEL TO TAKE CHARGE OF DISTRIBUTION #CRITICAL #LIFE #DEATH 
Evacuate and abandon these islands.
Logistics Pocahontas, logistics. They are going to get all they need and then some. Maybe sooner if y'all stop complaining and help.
This large an aid endeavor can't be done in a week. Shame on you for questioning our commitment to PR & USVI.
The other party doesn't want to spend money on poor brown people. Rather give it to billionaires
Are you paddling a boat now???
Why don't you go over there and help them.
Then do your job Senator! Stop grandstanding with you heartfelt tweets. Stop tweeting about what should be done and do it!
Stop your BS Liz!  Everyone knows what has to be
done, they don't need a reminder to make you
look like a hero.
Gov of PR Briefed @POTUS and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people 
What are you and your colleagues doing. Posting in Twitter is not going to help the situation. We need action from Congress now!!
Yes. So worried for Puerto Rico!
This is where the new social movement is needed. Give now, but get repaid in some fashion.
Introduce a bill and get them the help! Congress has the power of the purse!
Warren you are part of the congressional  swamp dwellers who have done nothing for PR  territory in the past!
surely u understand http://logistics.you 're just trying to be critical of POTUS.
Lizzy just wtf do you liberals want I know the president is a great man but do expect him to wave a magic wand and fix everything.
Other than to pander and politicize, what have you done about it personally, Senator?
Thank you for your hard work Sen
Give them some of your millions
Their island government destroyed the place. Left it vulnerable. Like ray nagin did. The Dems are responsible! Nice try Lizzy

Please help.
They are America, in fact the USA.
Get to it woman
Trump will bring his golf cart to help with the deliveries.
Has anyone thought of sending solar generators to bring power to #PuertoRico ? Then there is less need for diesel. It's just a thought.
Check "earth tech." Some generators are as low as 199.00. Getting portable electricity to an area that has so much sun might make sense.
A large generator runs around 5000.00. Could these be dropped in the interior?? Water purification systems are helpful. Look at India please
AND, what have you done? Rich old lady!
Divert the funds not fans
Defund Planned Parenthood and restructure welfare and divert the fans
But Trump says "they're on an island." There's nothing about the delay of sending a hospital ship. #SendHelpToPuertiRico
Can you read? Our President has! What has Lizzy or any other dumbocrap done??
They are all American
You are the most bitter person. Stop all your negativity and do something productive for once.
"huge immediate & long-term aid"REALLY? Didn't We JUST BAIL OUT they're Banks and Guhvment?  Texas? Florida...? Print?Borrow? STEAL from Us!
You bang the drum to spread lies, fear, hate, and politicize a natural disaster. Many govt agencies in PR since beginning also in TX and FL
There you go again, stating the OBVIOUS.
Are you over there with your sleeves rolled up lending a hand? Probably just popping off at the mouth like a typical politician.
They should relocate to the US so come 2020 they can let Trump know how they feel.
Trump is an A.D.D. 4-year-old brat
And you're doing what about it? Leaders lead! LEAD!!!
NOT a leader, a thief, always taking money, right Pocahontas's??
Boots are on the ground but need orders to start working! Can we not cut the red tape? Thanks for your powerful voice
Powerful voice?? Big mouth you mean.
Shameful.  They are American citizens....
Your compassion is underwhelming.  By the way you're an embarrassment to MA.
After default on water, sewer and electric bonds, do we really care. Nothing destroyed was ever paid for by the corrupt government anyway.
To rebuild the infrastructure of Puerto Rico is a drop in a bucket. Just cancel a couple of B2 bombers at a couple of billion a piece.
OR, cut Luzzy's wages and pay her what she is worth - OR - cut the tax breaks given to the NFL - lots of ways!!!
Please, don't get involved in this or another thing that you will mess up.
Well why dont you give them some of your money that you get under the table. Crooks thats all you dems are ya are destroying our country.
You using a tragedy to mock and criticize our president is very sad. Just know people can see this clearly.
Lizzie when will you get there?
Maybe Hillary can be the one to provide that... oh wait... #Trump2020
.@SenWarren we need waiver of #JonesAct and #FEMA match in #PR to ease the humanitarian crisis after #HurricaneMaria. #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
That's why they need statehood, JUST LIKE DC!
What part of logistics don't you understand? No control towers for flights and no ports are operational. Get off your soap box. Hypocrite

Please keep up your good works.Thanks L. Smith
They have received subsidies from the American tax payer. For decades!  No one ever thanked me for my forced contribution to these others.
Trump just learned Puerto Rico is the US. So yeah...
Can 45 even find PR? It's an island in an ocean, ya know. And why has it taken him a week to care? #Pathetic
Investment against terrorism!
You should donate 1 million just like our President did.
Thanks Fauxahontas for your virtue and cheap dig at the US response
Long Term. They can move away from known hazardous areas. I'm not payin for their life in paradise. They can CHOOSE to move away.
Theyre Americans, bring them to the mainland.  They get fed, watered, and housed. Bonus: Trump cant build a wall high enough to avoid #Karma
What about the American Indians Pocohanus?
How about Trump give back that 33 million back he took for that failure of a golf course.
How bout we take the nfl's tax breaks back - be a hell of a lot more than 33 million
Why don’t you write a personal check?
So DO something about it!!
Because 45/pence administration don't care!
45 can't do anything4trying 2control what POC can&can't say or what they can do or can't do.45/pence r poisoning the minds of his followers!
45 doesn't give a shit because they can't vote for him
And why are you wasting your time on Twitter, @SenWarren? DO SOMETHING to shame POTUS into action! A national disgrace!
But FEMA and the governor and the big oceans and the prayers and the not white people and  stuff
It's just a thought but you might want to tag @realDonaldTrump when you post stuff like that seeing that he will see your post #Hello 
I like you Elizabeth, but tired of everyone stating the obvious. What is the gov't going to do about it?????
Well, we know she is going to continue to do nothing, just as she has always done!! Please nominate her in 2020!!!!
What do we do?
Please first empty your retirement account before sending ours senator
Shut up and enact legislation
Soon to be Voted Out! Please in lite us and do tell how much $$$ you have sent to Puerto Rico?
I'm always curious when I see politicians virtue signaling, how much have you given, Pocahontas? Not other peoples' money either.
Trump quick to mention that  governors of Puerto Rico and USVirgin Islands gave good reviews of his response.Still only cares about ratings!
More and more help a supplies are arriving everyday. Why don't you go help too. Can't wait to vote you out. This is a massive operation
how do we Americans that cannot go get congress to act before next week? #SOSPuertoRico
Trump does not comprehend the need to HELP.
How much have you sent? All you do is take away, you will be Voted out ( hide n watch)
NYC will also need assistance. What are the latest numbers of residents of Puerto Rico that will be coming here?
And we will take money from the ppl of mass including warren
PR debt fell to record lows investors realized the devastation from Maria - they would  receive even less principal than previously thought.
Do you even know what going on. We have ships heading there. There is no freeway. ;(
Senator Lie-a-watha is full of it tonight! 
What are you personally doing, Squaw, to motivate your colleagues?  Not everything is a function of Trump.  Pull your head out, enjoy air.
Well open up your piggy bank
Duh
Get off your butt and do something that big mouth off yours is just sucking air.
But first we must have a patriotism contest.
Tweeting about it isn't helping Liz. Get your a** on a plane, lend a hand, or spare us the vapid histrionics.
Trump will go in history as a warmonger who was solely responsible for 3rd wold war
Trumpists do not care.
Ok, what have you done dvh??
So are you ripping the 10,000 emergency folks over there now with FEMA? Let's not forget the tens of thousands FEMA has in Tx, La & FL.
Stop the talking points, Trump is in control!
Why not use some of the money you have to assist in relief? You know, since you are a 1%er and all.
Keep it stirred up, old woman. Make us hate one another. Keep us angry and fighting each other.
So do something
If we can make arms deals w/ Saudi Arabia why can't we help American citizens that have had their lives destroyed?
We are!

What exactly do you do everyday Pocahontas?
Your so right Elizabeth -but the citizens in the mainland are extremely good at RISING to occasions like this one plus they have huge 's 
OR cut the F'n NFL's tax breaks -- that would be a TON of money
You all realize @POTUS had no idea PR is part of America, right?  This man needs to be impeached!
They are not in the middle of an ocean, far away? That’s what POTUS thinks.
"And it's a BIG ocean!!" Did you ever hear anything so stupid as that speech?  I'd like to respect him, I really would, but how?!

Wow, that goes right to the heart of the issue.  Too bad Puerto Rico has no electricity, I'm sure your wit would heal their wounds/save them
Keep at it Liz!!! You are a beast and always advocate for what's right!!! Hold 45 accountable for forgetting about millions of Americans!
Hahahaha, surly you joke!!
How much have u donated.
Nothing - all mouth no action
Thank you! Please call/email Trump and Congress to demand they support the bill! It only takes a minute. Start here:
as a 1 percenter perhaps you could dig deep and get your greedy hands out of middle-class pockets ya big phoney squaw
Dems choose daca over relief bill.
It is almost impossible to contact friends there . And @POTUS wants to pick fights about BS
That's obvious,  what are you doing to help them ? Same question to @SenMarkey
What an idiot. This is called "Grandstanding".  The fact is Warren is a phoney trying to sound knowledgeable.

When Japan was hit by terrible quake & tsunami in 2011, DoD deployed 24K personnel, 189 aircraft & 24 USN ships for HA/DR.

Why less for PR?
I was thinking it would be nice to having a caring president who see the american dream the rent hikes and everyone of color and health care
Time to forgive their debt!Jubilee Year for them
Then vote to provide it. That's YOUR job.
Please. They're US citizens, they're humans, they're literally dying. No elec, no water, not enough gas for generators to run 24x7. Help!
Catch a flight and break out your hammer and wallet- then tweet about it
Cuz talk like this press release is just hot air. PR doesn't need more hot wind
Obviously we have the wrong President, isn't there a way to provide aid without his signature?
No, not if your talking about Lizzy's money!
We need to end colonial rule in PR, USVI, Guam, & American Samoa; either we create a path towards statehood, or give them sovereignty.
Millions of TAXPAYING Americans. Let’s not forget how they contribute more to our country than DT.
You sure do use lots of words to state a simple, obvious and already well-known truth.
What are you doing What s your plan instead of running your mouth do something sit down and shut up until you have a plan
They need to be a 51st state! The benefits of that for them and us out weigh any other solution
#trump only speaks of PR after the HUGH back lash from REAL American's

Go to PR and help! Until that happens (never), PR Governor understands and is grateful for the help they're receiving.
If you and the rest of the Dimm Mafia weren't such obstructionists, a lot more help to many could be accomplished!
The trucks were stopped at the toll booths.. oh, yeah it is an island.  How much have you donated Lizzie? Must be flush from the book?
When are you going to make a contribution Nasty Woman ?

Too bad U Dems have pissed away the wealth of the USA or we'd be in a position to help even more than President Trump has.
Wtf
Senator Warren—We have to keep the pressure on Congress & Trump to help PR & USVI. I’m sick of Vulture Hedge Funds buying debt for profit.
Trump refused to waive the Jones Act. This is the demonic moral & political equivalence of calling for carnage of Americans.
Also, please introduce legislation to repeal the Jones act. Permanently. It's bad enough we won't accept PR as state, but strangle too? No!
So. What. Puerto Rico is American territory no matter what. Puerto Rican is American citizens by birth.
They need a waiver of The Jones Act....NOW! @realDonaldTrump didn’t grant one. Please help them.
Aren't they bringing them food, water, essentials. Every Hour, on the Hour. That's what he said on TV earlier today. He assured  ppl in PR.
Every hour? the just sheep food for only 20 day. We're running out of everything.
So awful! Disease and death can spread like wild fire if medical care, food and some sort of housing set up.
There are ships that can rescue, that can turn water into drinking water, that are hospitals & they are docked here, they need deployed
Really.
Trump "This is tuff stuff" They have an ocean. OMG
Seems like Trump would like to have them pay for it if he could! He's a "DONKEY"
AND you are an ASS!
Can you contact Trump and let him know that Puerto Rico is part of the US? I’m pretty sure he calls it the Island of Mexico.
Why is that? Because every single person who speaks Spanish is a Mexican? Ignorance.
Well, get your a** over there then. No time to waste.
Need to get motion started in the upper chamber. Put pressure on .
So do something
My deductible is more than my yearly premiums. Lousy insurance. I want it like it was 8 yrs ago.
Shame on you for acting powerless.
You seem to think that PR is within driving distance.  
But her emails. But their knees.
Y'all look good on your knees - jmo
boohoo on PR! AVI help!
Karma is a B. Remember. 
What have you done for them Mommy Warbucks?
She donated money. Do you?
