Stop voting for any Republican nominees, etc. Did you notice yet how well it worked out for the Republicans to obstruct? Do it.
Hey you hello, we have the Majority in both houses.
Not for long.
well see. The world has rejected the stupid policies of left.
Yeah except all of Scandinavia, Canada, most of Europe, etc. Most first world countries. Read a book dimwit.
Your watching George Soros pay protesters. Talk about Evil
*you're. It's a contraction for you and are. And it's a right wing lie about Soros paying thousands of protesters
You tell me about any subject, the protesters are ready in 5 mins. Since Ferguson. It's a fact. No jobs?
@erinely Neat, but shouldn't Congress actually do something rather than protesting?
. @jasoncrouch @SenWarren they can filibuster SCOTUS nominees but they cannot stop cabinet nominees.
Fair enough. I understand the catharsis of protesting, but it will fall on deaf ears. He is not listening to opposition.
. @jasoncrouch @SenWarren I do not care if he is listening the rest of the country and the world are, #RESIST we will not stay silent
If the people who can actually stop or change things are not listening, it will not matter.
. @jasoncrouch @SenWarren we will get to a tipping point, we will not disengage, we will not be silent, we will not give up Midterms in 2018
Midterms are likely to shift further to Republican control.
definitely some challenges however that will not stop us from working hard on the midterms @jasoncrouch @SenWarren

With that 1.3 mill line of credit. Fake Indian freak.
You're just a clown..Good luck getting re-elected!
NO you are fighting for minorities, refugees and illegal aliens, not US, the taxpayers who are supporting ALL of them, DISGUSTED
this would hold more sway if you quit confirming nominees. It is time for Democrats to stand up or get out of the way.
PS: thank you
Those aren't our values.. We're better than this
again, dems need to do ore than just talk.   Start saying no on the floor to the nominees. Every demand should vote no.
it feels so hopeless. What the hell does it take 2 get  impeachment started?  4 the love of God,Allah and all that is holy. GEEZ!
What exactly is the Congress of the USA DOING to stop this executive mania that is destroying the fabric of our nation ?
@clairexvic you ought to spend more time to figure out who is who, @saneprogressive is a real courageous fighter #ElectionFraud
Thank You Senator! Why did he not include countries involved with 911!?? I was going to tweet him w/this ques but, why bother!
Fight for good values. But they aren't American values. Your electorate voted otherwise. You need to take ownership of this mess.
@1capplegate SenWarren if you worried about following the rule of law what about Hillary Clinton breaking the law her whole life
Wonderful, we are the resistance, and must stand together and be diligent and relentless.
Trump is leading us to war...a war to end all wars. God protect us from the evils of Trump. I have never seen our country so divided.
Thank you!!!
Impeach Trump and get Bannon out of the WH, has no business in NSC without proper vetting
and Paul Ryan and McConnell and Pence-all of them don't belong there. We need a new election!
#MAGA 8 yrs
Bye russian troll
Thank you. It relieves some of the awful shame we Americans feel to have our members of Congress stand up and be counted.
thank you♡

it should be clear that you say no to any policy President fuckhead trump should put forward from this moment on! RESIST RESIST!
I'd b there if I could but my spirit is there
Scotland feels for you
I love you for what you stand for. Thank you!
thank you
Elizabeth, you mean a lot to me! PLEASE stand with US! We Cannot let this "man" be our President.
@MsFopra you only say no muslim ban but many muslims are comjng in from england...explain?
crying, not getting along, temper tantrums are not "our values."
Thank you a million times. I applaud your involvement from across the country. #RESIST
RUSSIAGATE? Why is a Russian coup being normalized? TrumpPutin  is a treasonous crook. Can nothing be done to stop these nazis?
Thank you for being out there with us
please catch a plane to any of the counties on the ban list.  We're tired of you and those who follow you.
thank you
@MDBlanchfield @NastyWP Thanks, Senator Warren, for once again being on the front lines of injustice.  Nasty Women stand with you
That second hashtag came out backwards lol.
thank you for being a leader in the progressive movement!
Is there a petition to help stop this.
thank you so much
THANK YOU!
act like an adult Tell ur bunch of brats 2stop rioting &ppls Property Ur making an ASS of ur #dembicile party #pocahontas
Not going to happen. Buckle up for eight years of LOSING, Snowflake! 
Already lost in court, snowflake.
Lib judges will waste a bunch of tax payer dollars and slow things down, but he will win in the end.
You can't win when you've broken the law and violated the Constitution. That's a lose/lose situation.
Funny how you libs are big on the constitution after eight years of ignoring it completely.
I have a copy of the Constitution in my pocket. Do you?
Stop confirming and start resisting. Very disappointed.
Why? Harry Reid made it impossible for the Dems to stop anything. Where you mad when he changed the rules then? Nope
symbolic gestures matter
wha?
this is why we love you !
keep fighting!
yes..miss Warren !!!
when you voted to confirm Trump nominees, you lost any ability to lead on the issue.
@1capplegate How come you didnt fight when Obama placed a travel ban for the same countries? Iraq in 2011 You guys are hypocrites
No wall, no safe country you bubble head
The thing is, like HILLARY, she doesn't care about issues,she's against DT and she wants to plz her folks,a phony politician
Will we ever get you to explain more fully why you abandoned Bernie in the primary?
THANK YOU
you must be going away on vacation on a private jet
You have no idea what American values are. Shut up.
You are a lying hypocrite. #Trump #AmericaFirst
Okay, then...  
@artfcity Check out http://Whitehouse.gov  it's now a private site. You can't access it unless you join Trump.
that's creepy he keeps tabs on people who sign up wow that's not a little thing
My favorite fact is Obama is responsible for ISIS. Bush broke Iraq, Obama left before it was fixed. #Legacy
.@SenWarren yeah but why did you say yes to Ben Carson. That still baffles me. You DEMS are sleeping in your laurels. Start IMPEACHMENT!
Why are you oppsed to Dr. Carson?
stop confirming Trump nominees
she's not that powerful, but good try #MAGA 8 yrs
thank you
Yeh how dare anyone who comes here. Open borders now!  @SenWarren
Support you!
- I love you and thank god for your fire, your rudder, and your integrity. Please, please DO NOT STOP.
is it a Trump administration or Trump regime?
maybe you'll get run over by a 747....
@reneauberjonois 

u r telling the truth for once in ur life! President Trump said it was a HALT for ppl wanting to enter from 7 countries-->
Please don't play nice! The future of our democracy is at stake! I am aghast!
why are you approving the appointees? People are enduring and the dems watch. Get over the loss and do something don't just tweet
impeach the president!!!!
go away Elizabeth! Your only a progressive until some corporation tells to not be. Ben Carson ? Ben Carson ? Your a fool #Justus
Wish you would have run for president! No choice now, we need you and @SenSanders to be our leaders now #NoBanNoWall
thank you...
today for the first time in my life I'm ashamed to be a a U. S. citizen...
You have to fire up your fellow Democrats. This is serious. They aim to destroy our country. Don't let them.
Thank you!
I was at #lax. Posted http://my.pics  on here
Even Mary, Joseph and Jesus became refugees when Jesus's life was threatened by King Herod. There's a lesson there for all of us.
Where were your "American values" when you lied on your application and stole a job from a deserving minority?
It's people like you who opened the gates at Constantinople
never forget your handy guide to liberals and Islam! https://twitter.com/RealNathanHale/status/825400500438892545/photo/1pic.twitter.com/sLI3G1nG1l 
Michelle Obama 2020
We need to RESIST!!
Thank you. KEEP GOING.
If you believe in socialism, then why don't you give away 95% of your $? Stealing from others is not charity, it's theft
thank you!!!
obstruct, filibuster, vote 'no' on EVERYTHING! Save our democracy! #NoBanNoWall #neveragain
@shannoncoulter ban all of trumps nominees we are at war!
Good, I think you should live there forever.
thank you! Someone needs to lead! All Dem leaders need to stand up and shout out!!
thank you for your vigilance & being our voice. Need @EdMarkey & @RepStephenLynch to speak up too, need real progressives in DC
international flights leave from there. Why stay here? Show real solidarity by moving 2 one of the banned countries.
If I were you, I would be fighting for your credibility, instead, after failing to disclose your $1.3M Bank of Am. line of credit
@SenWarren Resist. Stop voting to Confirm Trump's nitwits. It gets us nowhere. We'll have another "Good job Brownie" or worse.
Please vote again st his nominées & policies.  This clown is #Notmypresident
Slick Lizzy at it again, spreading discontent and trying to make America weak again.
get a life
you are awesome! Keep fighting for our country!
I am with you Elizabeth! Keep fighting!!!
I hope u all get arrested 4 the felonies u r committing right now.
Thank you Senator Warren! I am proud to call you my senator!
needs illegals to get votes.
thank you!!!
@cjsienna55 @hannahmosk @SenWarren @DailyCaller just another sellout that makes me cringe when her name comes up 
You have to learn to filter and read for yourself.  When they get hi & mightly look out
We'll done
tonight paid protestors created major disruptions at our major airports. I hope you are proud of yourself. Pelosi loves you!
SIGN RETWEET TAG SENATORS #ImpeachTrump petition has over 328,000 signatures #Resist #TheResistance
good get on a plane and leave the country while ur there
I guess she doesn't understand the constitution . Only American citizens have the right to enter this country  Get over it
Stand tall Senator!!!!!
You realize this here shit makes me wish I voted for Trump.  I am sick of your bullying. @SenWarren
I wonder if she wore a feather in her hair. #Pocahontas
you are shown inciting to riot. Illegal. Obviously you don't know about the 1952 Immigration and Naturalization Act.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @CNN The Archbishop of Mosul is sending a WARNING 2 America Our Country is being indoctrinated BEWARE!
@1capplegate What about babies in the womb? U care more about these ppl than unborn babies? Our vets? Our poor?
So great! We do have a voice. Thank you for all the energy you give us. We can make a difference.
no you're standing up for your far left #progressive #OpenBorders values... don't lump me into your basket lunatics!
STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP'S NOMINEES ELIZABETH WARREN!
I'm surprised you even say "America" without thinking its a "dirty" word. Why even say that. No boarders, no country
give it a break.
@yayayarndiva Thank you!
have you seen what's happening in Europe? Rapes, murders, violence committed by these "poor" Muslim immigrants?
lv to you!

thank you
thank you Senator Warren!
grab a plane for Yemen....amen.
omg he needs to be stopped! When are people going to wake up & see what he's doing to this great nation. We are being torn apart
American values include freedom. Which sharia supporting muslims are against. We also value life. Which terrorists want to take.
@KatrinaNation yeah. Right. Another opportunity for you to chime in and do absolutely nothing for the party. Sad opportunist.
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you!
Great that u were at Logan 
Thank you for fighting for all americans and all human races.
Thank you for showing up!  Where are our other elected Democratic leaders?
. This disgusting racist pig is abusing his power. Is there anyway to start proceed with impeachment. This is so against the law
@MoveOn @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi Thank Sen. Warren... this is the leadership we need!
MSNBC informal reports that stay has been granted.
You sold out to Hillary its not like you support Americans.
#takehisdamn penaway
@votolatino LETS GO SENATOR! LETS GO AMERICA; FIGHT FOR WHAT IS RIGHT!
THANK YOU EW!!! I KNOW YOU STAND WITH US
wheres hillary? Sleeping?
thank you, Elizabeth!!
fight the good fight senator. We are with you. #NoBanNoWall
