You're just trying to scare people....witch
She has the budget proposal in her hands. What do you have?
Democrat screaming Cuts but are usually decreases in increases
"Decreases in increases." Hmmm. Still trying to digest this one.
If you wanted 3 more pieces of pie but only got 2 more would it be a decrease ? Digest that
Along with cuts to medicaid, which mostly helps poor people, you see exactly who is being targeted here.
Cut the fraud ..
What fraud? Nobody has ever been able to come up with a reliable figure for SS fraud. It's cutting off your nose to spite your face.
Taking any funding out of Social Security is theft. We fund it directly so we can all retire with dignity.
It's OUR money. Nothing entitlement about it and it's not an optional deduction. It IS theft !!!
Thank you. Social Security is not an entitlement. We pay for it. It better still be there for us when we are old enough to collect.
The younger generation needs to hold the thieves responsible now with the power of the vote you can drain the swamp
We tried. Young people overwhelmingly for Bernie who got crushed by the Corp establishment
No we didn't, our platform became the democratic platform. That is a win, it was never about the man. We lost to Russian meddling fear hate
The Dem platform calls for an end to war, a ban on fracking, reinstatement of Glass-Steagall, and in end to disastrous "free" trade deals?
I agree it wasn't perfect. It was however improved by Bernie and all of us that supported him.
You are a witch trying to scare people
It hasnt been approved yet ya witch
#GOP and #trump keep trying to pull the wool over our eyes, it is as if they feel like eventually we will just fall for it as a people.
There is no valid reason to take funding out of social security.
I've paid into #SocialSecurity since I was 17.  I want my money when I retire.
It is SSDI that is be cut about 7 billion a year out of 147 billion. It has gone up 160 percent since 2000 it needs to be checked
Fact! It's right there in Blue and Orange!
FO REAL 🖒
Yeah! Cut their wages and health benefits. Congress is the Swamp!!Ryan calls it entitlement.BS, ppl put in to get the benefit.
Your socialist worth 10 million dollars?
tRump isn't either. He is so in debt to foreign banks and governments. 4 bankruptcies. This is why he won't release his taxes.
We should all know by now that he is not one to keep a promise.
Or to tell the truth.
How sad for us to have the world laugh at our President. #NotMyPOTUS
He has made a mockery of our country.
That was the last President!
Loser with 8 followers stealing someone else's good name
I was going to say the same thing but you beat me to it. 
wow here we go again with " @senwarren " who so didn't want to be herself that she PRETENDED to be Native American! Get A Life
Deal with the issues. Racist insults just prove that Sen Warren is right.
Thanks. I missed this one on ST. I'm with Kyle on this. Manchin is way out there...
Oh shit, I tag you in so much thinking it's just Warren in my feed  but I'm glad you liked it 
It's because he's deporting the illegals. Saving the taxpayers some money. Something you have no clue about.
Retirees and near-retirees, pay attention.
Elizabeth, how else is he going 2 afford 2 give 1 of the biggest tax cuts in history 2 himself & all his wealthy friends, err I mean donors?
Hey @realDonaldTrump! Just another example of 'lying Donald'. You are such a LOSER! You are screwing the people U are serving. FAKE@potus!!
Trump lied.  As usual.  And who is hurt? Millions.  Who benefits?  Trump & the other super rich.
My husband and I live on social security. He promised us not to cut. He's a lying sack of, him and all his cronies
My mom is on both and without she would be dead because she couldn't afford her medication or rent for that matter. We can not allow this.


How do we stop this? Really tired of the republicans screwing us ordinary people. Please help stop them.
Our President is full of crap all he cares about is big business and screwing over the poor and  immigrants.
Do not cut Social Security!! #TrumpBudget #ImpeachTrump
HOW DARE U CUT SSA OR ANYTHING ELSE. U DON'T OWN COUNTRY, OUR $ . PAY YOUR TAXES RETROACTIVE.
And because you have been so honest in the past we should believe you now
Mien kampf trump cant tell truth where lie would suit!One sure thing about him!Cant be trusted as far as can throw him!
Yeah, he's cutting out all the fraud & scammers.  You're a liar trying to make people think he's hatcheting Social Security for old people
Please explain how the cuts will be implemented.
Hey Trump, Social Security does not belong to the gov't. That is OUR money, funded by citizens. Keep your tiny orange hands off my money.
So what?The $2500 reduction #Zero promised us in health ins premium savings is a much larger scam! #Grubered #RepealNoReplace #CBOSCORE
The billionaires &  millionaires getting some great cuts. How bout taxpayers cut the trumps BS expense they are all taking advantage of us
That's because they've lined the swamp with gators
All his $ should be seized I am sure he has plenty hidden feds will never find. Put taxpayers $ back all the $ scammed & made while Potus.
More than likely he will be outed for RICO
and money laundering. There is a lot of Russian money flowing through Trump properties
Sooo...in other words... Trump Lied?!
#DonTheCon
Seniors stand up and be counted tell GOP leave our SOCIAL SECURITY alone tell TRUMP to stay in DC no more WEEKENDS off
It's all because he wanted to have a "military first" policy like his hero, Kim Jong Un.
@BonhoefferLives @realDonaldTrump  the Democrat need to publish that in news papers and msm that will reach his base quickly
We need a national health insurance.  The profit motive in health insurance has not made it better, just greedy and corrupt.
I can't believe you guys are listening to fork tongue warrens lies
She is reading the budget. And pointing out where the cuts fell. Try to keep up.
Did you read what is being cut? if you did you would see it has gone up 160% since 2000. That seems to be a issue.
With war veterans and their children and families account for a large portion of this you need to keep up
This is the coat of war that is NEVER looked at by the party
it's almost as if he has no idea what White House staff put on his desk and he just signs shit.... this can't be true.. right?.. RIGHT?
I heard he just signs EO without reading them. Could be signing anything!
In fairness, he probably never read the budget. Just had other people write it, vet it, etc. He doesn't seem like a details person.
That's NO excuse for him to cut SSI,SSDI. Taxpayers works for it to earn beneft.This are the ppl who represent and protect us?
U.S. spending on disability benefits, leaped by 160% to $142.7 billion in 2016 compared to the $54.9 billion in 2000 There is an excuse.
So it's only $73 BILLION! What's the big deal?
Social Security Disability.  Which I am on.  And that is a big deal to me.  This budget touches millions of people in adverse ways.
My hard core Trump Fanboy friend says I am over-reacting about this budget. Sure, it won't pass as-is, but it will, eventually.
One piece at a time.  Baby steps.
Thank u Sen.Warren.The agenda of this admin.from hell,is nothing but destruction of every social safety net that has been implemented.
You and me both!
Thank you Senator Warren, I'm a disable vet who barely makes it by on my S.S.D.I IF this bill goes thru i'l be in financial ruins.
Lenny, you and us both. TRUMP THE RUMP AND HIS CRONIES AND FAMILY NEED TO BE BOOTED OUT.
He lied.
Sen Warren. How about addressing the $20 Trillion national debt and what you would do to lower it!
Tax the Billionaires & millionaires.= Corporations that pay 2play Buffets secreatary pays a higher percentage then he does how is that fair
77.5 million house holds do not pay any taxes, 115,000 households pay 20% of all taxes, top 20% pay 86.6% of all taxes.
this is completely false information. I know taxes and you are not correct. #lies
Info came from the GAO, subreport on IRS tax defaults, Licensed CPA in Colorado and Arizona. Current profession healthcare actuary. You?
#CrookedDonald
Thank you for fighting for us!
Trump needs someone to keep him on track! Not that he will pay attention! So thankful for you, Elizabeth Warren!!
This is what happens when you elect a utterly unqualified and loud mouthed "billionaire" to make decisions for you.Shame on Reps!
As defined by lying Fauxcahontas. Oh we believe you, suck
Always fun to see @realDonaldTrump fans calling names instead of discussing facts
What facts are you spewing? disability benefits, went up 160% to $142.7 b in 2016 compared to the $54.9 bi in 2000. Might need to be tweaked
You ever heard of the baby boomer generation?? My mother was 50 in 2000 now she is 67 duh
Disability not Retirement, Do you folks read anything on your own or just believe what the politicians tell you
It looks like they are giving that money to working families and single mothers with jobs.
@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 @amazinmikey #Veterans Special Prosecutor FOLLOWS 'Money Laundering' to Putin Collusion http://www.salon.com/2017/05/23/is-donald-trumps-casino-empire-linked-to-money-laundering-past-financial-crimes-may-be-the-presidents-biggest-problem/ …
I don’t doubt there is criminal behavior in Trump’s past. But will a Republican Congress removes him for non-Presidential-related crimes?
I think Trump will first get nailed on RICO charges. There are a LOT of ways he can be taken down, tho!
Right now, all of them go through Republican Congress that is nearly as venal as Trump. It needs to happen, but I am not optimistic.
Not a reason to give up, of course. We need to pressure Republicans to investigate and remove them in 2018.
@SenWarren Why do we treat investment income so much more favorably than wages? FICA & Medicare taxes should be put on dividends & cap gains
And that dividend income and cap gains should be taxed at personal income rate -- that would "simplify" taxes
How about a flat tax?  Pick a number example 10%,  No deductions, everybody, the poor, the wealthy, big business, pays it.  They'd have more
I think the rich should pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes.
Did ya miss the part that said NO DEDUCTIONS?
10% is a lot of money someone making $8/hr & will affect their daily life. It will not have the same level of impact on multimillionaire
So you'd rather have it remain at close to 30%?
I would support simpler tiers and no deductions. But those making over $100,000 in div or cap gains should pay same as wages
Any Trump voters out there on Social Security?
There's a easy cut. Cut the military pensions. That will save a whole lot of money.
Phil10661@yahoo.com
You should be our president. Not covfefe
SUPER SCARE TACTICS. Try actually coming up with a better plan. DO YOUR JOB.
We keep ignoring that Congress raped the trust fund - took the money and ran ... Never replaced.
Never assume
Just remember, thanks to Zerobama, it's the Republicans that have all the guns
At what point do his supporters admit that they were totally played?
They don't, they still have their heads in the sand. They don't study anything, they go to rallies and take his word for it, and it's lies!!
Pretty soon the water is going to start gushing into that sand hole
Trump said he was going to drain the swamp. Thanks to him the swamp has turned into quick sand and the American people are drowning.
EXACTLY!
He hasn't kept one campaign promise but he's certainly made a lot of money off of America & that's what's important making money not truth
Please tell us exactly where to find the data you claim exists.

I saw another source that said the budget don't touch Social Security.
Do you have a link?
I have the budget on my computer screen...page numbers?
Ty... I read the articles you supplied & reviewed pertinent portions of the online budget...
... budget absolutely doesn't touch SS elderly entitlement
It does reign in SS disability fraud
As you have said Sen Forget what he said watch what he does Vote primary/general in 17 18 Even in gerrymandered districts Don't protest Vote
Thank you for standing up for us!
Their are people in congress that should be jailed 4 stealing the people's money, people have died got crippled working
Social Security has been paid for. That's a given. It's not a given.
He is nothing if not a liar.
You cannot trust this snake!
He doesn't give A RATS ASS  about campaign promises middle class or the poor we don't live in his world
You looked at it on the corner of your desk but I bet the binder doesn't even have a crease.  Democrat 
Slowed growth spending is not a cut. Please stop lying. Ty
It a cut to the interlopers. Give people back their dignity. Stop force feeding them
I've worked hard & paid all my life N2 SSDI-my family 2-PLEASE save me&others whos lives depend on SSDI-PLEASE save U.S.
#notmypresident made impassioned plea 4 support from minority voters during his election campaign by asking them, What do you have to lose?
Oh look at you grandstanding
With how many foot-in-mouth moments Trump's had, I hope his feet are as small as his hands #SmallHandsBigglyStupid
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small... At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
Republicans have the standards of a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under. Sad!
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!!
At least the GOP will save money on Healthcare by ditching Chiropractors. No need when you don't have a spine...
Please don't run for President. You are an incredible senator and the senate NEEDS YOU FOREVER. 
Apparently tRump has lied again. Or it could be alternative math.

TRICKLE-DOWN CONTEMPT
Where the weak & helpless are kicked aside
Virtue & honor are trampled by ambition
Truth, trust and decency collapse 
You lied  to so many that voted for shame on you
Mick Mulvaney expressly said there were NO cuts to ss or Medicare in it. "Why? Cuz the Prez campaigned on that promise." He said that.
that's disgusting.We pay for social security. It's not a gift, deductions are taken from our checks.
DJT didn't want to win;he wanted some traction 4 his Hollywood career.I cannot find one scrap of social savvy w/ him that former POTUS' had.
And every dim witted moron believed him.. Trump is a habitual liar, and he's proud of it. He's a putz!!
Your are  irrespondible
Can't we find a way to remove the income cap?  It's vastly unfair.
Not in my state but #sherepresentsme
Also, #PaulRyanshouldstepdown he's a traitor like Trump.
Pocahontas, you sound like a nut job!
Mrs Warren you have a net worth of 7.48 million! Like you really care about the American people! You care about your backers and donors!
@SenWarren Are these politicians pocketing the difference? They do not appear to have citizens' interests at heart. How can we help you?
Hang tough Sen Warren. We are counting on you
@SenWarren you are so spot on #persist and #resist @realDonaldTrump
he a fucking liar that how won over people& bad people in all race so he pick on immigrate people think they take our jobs not true asswipe
I hope no one is shocked.
He will want to use that $73B to buy more weapons.  He loves to blow things up.  In fact he just loves to blow things.  Ask Putin.
He's a liar: never tells the truth: a conman and showman:he is the worst president of the US EVER!!!
Please... run for POTUS.
- cut social security.....
Grey Panthers will knock him down & shave his head
Better yet, castrate Trump 
That is horrible!
He is a serial liar
Depends on whether it is cuts to benefits or to bureaucracy, don't you think???? He can cut the SSA budget without impacting benefits.
Elizabeth Warren needs to go on Social Security now !!! Oh wait, she has retirement for the US Senators !!!
Keep up the hard work!! Senator Warren we appreciate you
Liar-in-Chief!
So what do Democrats do now
Billions in tax breaks for the wealthiest while self serving @GOP steals our Social Security. #MAGA my ass.#RESISTANCE #FlipTheHouse#
Maybe being a RAT will help you in the next elections!
Why don't we make cuts in welfare we all know it's abused
Good luck with your lawsuit with the Cherokee nation as well
No surprise. The Trumpster  does not keep promises.
He lied..it's what he does. And Ryan and the rest. They are hard hearted. This is all numbers to them, there are no faces here.  No people.
Ms. Warren two rule I live by don't mess with chidren and don't mess with old people  please fight for both I will stand next to you anytime
Trump is a bald-faced liar who does not care one whit about those that voted for him & even less for those that knew a liar when we saw one
Anybody with half a brain knows that Trump has no idea what's in his budget, and couldn't care less
Please keep up the fight for the 90%.

Trump lies Everytime he opens his mouth! He is destroying America and everyone is allowing it! What is going on? He is a crook! He must go!
Common people should be afraid of the GOP's agenda
The SS safety net is a life saver for individuals and also defines the intent and democratic ideals of our country.  No Cuts, Please!!
He just never stops lying! I am one of those younger people who became disabled at 35 with an incurable disease! It can happen to anyone!
The BIGG ASS LIAR we've come 2 know! Good for his supporters they got healthcare repeal 2 the bone-no soc security.
That is disgusting. He only lies. Empty promises.
We don't believe any of your Washington bullshit.
It needs reform to be sustainable. We finally have a non politician brave enough to do it. Get on board or you're out in 18.
Oh look, another fake Indian.
Money that doesnt beling to the government but to the people
Trump is gonna start a civil war   we are at a breaking point   enough is enough
But wait, older people are supposed to shoulder most of the new trumpcare. What happens when we can't?
The President lies and lies and lies. He does not know the meaning of truth. He is worse than a used car salesman. Scam,scam. A charlatan.
it holds of it, of course; it knows it, it represents it. LOL @dennisk08489832 #truth
You also said you were American Indian
So, you're saying it's a bad idea to rely on government for your well being?
This Lady is a class act!
He promised it last year so by what his staff say he didn't mean it, we don't understand. He meant he will cut cut cut
Jethro Bodine is fleecing this country, where is the Humanity? I don't care how you spin ituh, This is some really #FuckedUpShit period...
That money belongs to the American people ssi is it own institution hand off
Agree with you-Tell Your Senator or House Rep Your Ideas @Washington Switchboard (202-224-3121). Winter is Coming Nov6,2018. Vote!
He's nothing but a big fat liar.
You know he didn't come up with this budget he is not smart enough. We have people with their hands up his ass like a Muppet
madam. Please stand up for us. Please make ourvoices heard. Thank you
why? why should it be expanded? why should MORE people be made to be dependant on the govt? why? … ?
I'm a wounded warrior in my 30s, who died and got revived back, I'm on social security and 100% disabled, this is my income, I have 4 kids!
That's all the entitlements tacked on by liberals who want to cash in on retirees hard work just one last time !
Retirees like my Veteran dad?He has to worry about dying from his #PreexistingCondition! I'm fighting for him to keep his money and his life
That would be the VA not social security ditzy !
We rely on SS to help supplement cost of care for our disabled daughter. So I still have a dog in that fight.
You mean the social security I worked hard for to take care of my own needs ? I'm being robbed !
The SS I worked hard for 20 years for as well.
Regardless of subject, if he promises he won't, it's a guarantee he will.
They'll have to take it from my cold dead hands. #Trumpbudget @AARP #MAGA #TrumpTrain #ethics #corruption AHCA #Trump #CBOSCORE
Oops .. sorry @RocBodybuilding .. here's another load of crap you've been fed ... hows it taste ??
Lets VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS THAT R WILLING TO WORK FOR THE PPL OF USA N NOT PPL OF RUSSIA OR TRUMP WORLD. VOTE GOP OUT OF DC.
HELP USA 2HELP USA
Not a surprise! Hr is a lying, heartless scum! #Trumpbudget #TrumpLeaks #ObstructionOfJustice #TheResistance
Hey Liz, I heard u were challenged to take a DNA test to prove ur Native American hert claim. I think it's a great idea. When ya doing it?

Better not f... with mine I'll declare WAR!!!
So, you not only lie about your heritage, you also lie about simple Math. Is that the only way you can win? By lying?
Shit happens.. gotta go with the flow.. not stay stagnant,  like you..
Oh for God sake ... since when had trump EVER kept his word ?
Yeah he's a liar and a delusional asshat sociopath with dementia, not surprised
Cut it all!
He lies.
it would be actual NEWS if he ever told the truth.
And how would anyone know?
that's so unfortunately true
That will buy the #corruptGOP a lot of beer! @HouseGOP
Attack on SSDI, which I predicted in March, is the intersection of ableism & ageism. Elderly are more "deserving" than young disabled ppl.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump What say you?
Hey, as long as we stay on top and keep control on working plebeians..I guess in thrice case retired plebeians too. Hahahaha
Please send him back to his ivory tower.
Getting rid of the mud-butts. Like you @SenWarren !!
We need to educate young adults on how to self direct their funds to create retirement. Not rely on SS. U should know! #DOLrule
Senator Warren, there is a simple explanation for this....Donald Trump is a liar and has no moral center. That explains a lot about him.
Trump supporters would never admit it
@realDonaldTrump take YOUR hands of my S.S. you lied!!!
@speakerryan Social Security comes out of everyone's paycheck, not an entitlement, not yours to AX, leave it alone
