Liking the REAL Indian that is running against the fake Indian.
You mean the one who lied about inventing email?
Has @SenWarren refunded the money she got by lying to attend school?  I will pay for her to get a "23 & me" DNA test
She stated that she was white in her student application.

"Warren didn't claim to be a Native American until her 30s and may have only listed it to score a job."
She lied
She's from Oklahoma, it's not unreasonable to think she genuinely though she was of Native American heritage.
WARREN Remember Hillary sold 25 % uranium to RUSSIA an got millions to CLINTON foundation but you don't bring that up !
She didn't
Yes fact ! Million to CLINTON foundation
9 different agencies had to sign off on that deal. Those 2 things are not connected.
It's all connect sold uranium TO RUSSIA fact millions to CLINTON foundation fact
We the people of MA. Would like to know what you know about our Commonwealth....what have you done for us? #stoprunningforpotus #MA.matters
This seems pertinent

This is just hateful. Knock it off.
Russian bots don't hear you

So what's the point?
Kinda like social media attacks on removing confederate statues only more dire.
Gee Liz, should Estonia declare war on Russia?
Can't people get it thru their heads? Putin wants 2 rule the world! Seems 2 me he's working on "1000 Year Russian Federation" #EvilEmpire☭
Not our concern
As Donnie trumpet would say this will be an impeachment the likes of which the world has never seen GO DEMS
Perhaps, maybe, after you gather some PROOF that something wrong has been done,  So far, Mueller is grasping at straws
In 2017 @SenWarren is irrelevant
I'm genuinely interested.
Statues...Gee same issues we have here, no coincidences Senator!

Enjoy your trip on tax payer's money.
Democrats need to capitalize at this time!!! Right now is our window of extreme opportunity
You doing a war dance Pocahantas?
In 2012, SenWarren stated during an election campaign that she was part Cherokee & Delaware Indian. For years, she was seiged for her lies.
How is that DNA test coming Senator? While POTUS44 was in office we had millions of Military members have their ID's stolen, why start now?
Who cares?!!?
See how a leftist regimes operate?
Liz, tell us about your term limit bill that you're sponsoring... we're excited you're working on this to rid our system of people like U
hey! f**king A! got that right!
In 1990, Estonia moved out Soviet Union. For days, Estonia was subjected to a massive west European siege of its banks, media and government
Yes. And in 2017 Venezuela held an election that was besieged by US-backed rebels that are still threatening its democracy. Which is worse?
Yeah, because Bernie wants us to be just like Venezuela. Liz is sponsoring term limit bill. Better than hearing aid bill. She's awesome
I assume that collection of random statements is some sort of argument?
don't you really think Putin was just demanding a payoff? Putin has embezzled but he has never threatened tens of millions lives/homes
Except for the Ukraine? And Syria. And political dissenters. And journalists...
You got it right Aunt Piddy!!
Warren must have got bit by my Menino b4 he died she be a mumbling
And this is my problem how?  How about sticking to the business of the US and quit trying to Globalize everything
Are you daring to even talk about ANYTHING RUSSIA? 
like who really cares Liz? go hug a migrant
So is that what is happening in the South after the removal of the civil war statues as you erase history!!?
On time a kid on reddit made a gif, for days he was besieged with online attacks until he was forced to apologize to CNN. What's your point?
@SenWarren  Welcome to the KGB. It's alive and in full throttle. If you want advice on Russia ask the Eastern Europeans.
Typical Warren.  Creates American problems and when real problems arise, ie n. Korea, she is absent.  A good thing. Take a long vac
So... the statue was cursed.

#HauntedStatue
Ukraine is weak.....!!
2007?! How about paying attention to 2017 and current world events Senator?! Your little missives are sweet but get in the game Senator.
WOW. Rise of another US Evil as Elizabeth Warren. She Forgot The US Settlers Butchered millions in Americas & demolished their Heritage
When I was little, I wished for show in December. It snowed for DAYS. Clearly I have eerie weather control powers.
This is interesting but meaningless. Tell us what u are accomplishing that will make r lives and our families lives better. Pls get to work.
I remember
Estonia is an amazing country. They've survived for yrs under control. We NEED to help Estonia.
Funny how Russia was Dems best friend until they couldnt help crooked clinton win election.
What about Palestine, oh Fake Indian? Any comment at all??
And what's that got to do with the price of rice?
We need a global treaty that equates a cyber attack as an act of war.
Moral is don't move history
We should attack right away!
And there was a real threat of Russia power angst Estonia ppl-,my cousin was there - it was frightening
Come on so they waited 10 yrs to get revenge.. PLZ stop this shit. Be logical.
Bad
Wow. U are so informed
Sounds Ike a tRump move.
Yah, like you became a Native American to get a high paying job.
And that was just from Liberal Democrats

DNC breach was an inside job. Consistency is key u lie every time u open ur mouth u nasty woman
I'm a  big fan of Estonia. Awesome people.
Wow are you having a bad day this is all you guys have no Russian collusion??? You will never be POTUS #TermLimits we smell you in Texas!!
Always Russia's fault without any evidence to support your claim
Warren you endorsed @HillaryClinton and bailed out big banks with tarp - you are Corrupt - look it up
Republican voters like Russia.
No they don't. But they don't hate or confuse them with the USSR. Communist Russia is gone. Russia is less than when cold war was on
Republican voters do like Russia and they love Putin. He's their big strong daddy they crave so much because their scared little rabbits.
***NEWS FLASH*** Putin is a thug. Thought you were better in tune!?!?
Are you trying to get that statue for your foyer?
And?
I saw him..President Trump!Naked running that way chasing a Kitty! "Well Senator everybody knows he's Batshit Crazy But Dipomatic Immunity!"
Botnet attack.  First one
But Russians are such nice folks
Like us since the #trumprussia adulation?
so what?
Uh huh
I do not give a shit about Russia I want my property back from @BofA_News . Your interrogation of bank regulators was superb bashing Trump??
People should look to remove the Old Elizabeth Warren.
What are you trying to say? Relevancy?
In 2016 Trump won an election - for months we've been subjected to fake news, democrat hysteria, and a legislative takeover of our gov't.
Sen. Warren blocked release of her own law school records because she lied about her ethnicity...

 She's a minority you know   
Duh people we just placed sections on them
Our people are no longer there 
Now they can do to us whatever they may want....get it??!!
In 2018, @SenWarren will be removed from office
Of course, Senator, if they erect a statue of Trump, the pigeons will have a field day! Good thing pigs don't fly...
I remember this. Seemed like nobody helped back then. We (I'm British) all have to be more supportive of our Nato Bro's and Sis'. #natoLove
Russian nationalist "patriots" are just as big of pathetic, fragile losers as our nationalist "patriots". No wonder they want to be allies
During the Cold War the American liberals were pro-Soviet. So what's your point?
quit crying you fake Indian.
Random
Brave Estonia!
Geee....I wonder who did that?
And ?
i LOVE estonia. i have been more than once and i love the estonian people. they deserve nothing but love and support.
Clearly a coincidence. That fellow getting poisoned? A fluke. Helping a hapless but belligerent narcissist destroy American democracy? Meh.
NOW WE HAVE THE OTHER BIG MOUTH JACKING HER JAW ! YOU & WATERS NEED TO PUT BOTH YOUR HEADS IN THE SAND & SHUT UP ! WORTHLESS!!!!!
Ok
What Trump will get for America: Russian style punishments for sullying the Trump's name. As if it could be sullied more than he has already
Who's paying the refrigerator bill nowadays on Lenins meat locker in Capitalist Moscow? Lol...shop till you drop comrades.
I mean, all of Russia is capitalist... it has been for over 25 years.
I remember. Was Ordained Ukraine Orthodox deacon July 23 1989. Prayed for Russia's Freedom. BOOM went the dominoes "Spirit of 1989" SVOBODA
Wow, I'm glad you prayed for it then. Could you pray for the lottery numbers for me?
#Cyberwarfare SOVIET STYLE ..
#TeamPatriot sound familiar @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @Khanoisseur @20committee
Imagine what is going to happen when Poland removes all the soviet era monuments.
Somebody told Vlad.
#DeleteYourAccount
No
Why not?
Wrong, and you should stop saying it as his family has asked over and over again. It has been disproven, and you are cruel to still say it.
#DNCFraudLawsuit
And is there another tweet with the rest of the story?
They survived. The NATO cyber center is now in Estonia. Beautiful country and people.
It Was Reported Teens Who Filmed Drowning Man Will Escape Justice. Police Chief Breaks Bad News to Them
http://americanpresidentdonaldj-trump.com/index.php/2017/07/23/it-was-reported-teens-who-filmed-drowning-man-will-escape-justice-police-chief-breaks-bad-news-to-them/ …
Ya sure do love soviet stuff......hmmmmmmm
Republicans are in charge now and have been a while, where are all those investigations?
Ask this guy
He's not in charge of investigations, DoJ isn't under their control. Trump didn't investigate Clinton because he knows he made it all up.
Lol
If they moved a statue of Hilary, they would be found dead floating in the Baltic
Anything on America possibly recent...that's actually true there liz
Did you really miss the point?
What brought this to the front of your mind today?
Fake Indian
So you believe stealing scholarships from minority's is cool? 
Americans who benefitted from Nov's election laugh at you guys for not seeing that your candidate was just worse. Not that Russia did this
