Whenever you try to block open sharing of info, you make abundantly clear its extreme importance & relevance.
pretty amazing how people want to change things to fit political agenda
I'm not even considering a political agenda here. Just saying it's a classic 'tell.'
i tend to agree- open source open info is best, just can't stand changing rules once its started
Agreed.
Good for him
of course
Sen Alexander do the right thing and allow Puzner's employees to testify.
3 1st steps to minimize government.Take away congress' self raises, insider trading and lower finance funding $10000 per person
Not sure how call witnesses changes the rules.
why?
@BellaDawn01527 @SenAlexander the people of USA are tired of Democrats
Nothing like hiding from the truth.  Just a reminder Sen Alexander - we ALL pay your salary ALL!
Again ..YOU WORK FOR US..DO YOUR F'NG JOB !!  SO FAR 2017 NOT LOOKING GOOD FOR YOU. WE ARE WATCHING YOU ...
I would bring them in anyhow. GOP going 2 tell a citizen they don't have right 2 speak @ hearing?
@whitedogl @SenWarren @SenAlexander you get what you vote for!
really? Pence and Trump were busy posting a fake news story instead of paying respects to POTUS for his speech teehee democracy!
why   are they so worried and afraid of being ask hard questions.
As a Tennessean, I am pretty much disgusted with him. Baker, Gore and Kefauver...he is not like them.
is this something that typically is done?
Thnks 4 exposing  Trump's pick 4 Labor Sec. Pudzner's lo $ pay w/o overtime comp 4 workers. Shame!! Block the appt!
@ShellyBksf @SenAlexander Since he has NO public service record, wouldn't that be relevant?
@ShellyBksf @SenAlexander
Oh no..the Repubs stealing from the Dem playbook. So unfair, I need a safe space, stat!
this is nothing more than Dems being difficult because 8 years of reid obstructionism wasnt enough!
Clearly, the Senate is broken...
You are being contrary for contraries sake.
Stop Sessions. He is a bigot and racist
And how can we help you?
@BellaDawn01527 @SenAlexander Dems keep it up and you will lose more people in 2018
Those struggling to make ends meet will suffer the most under Trump, and many of them voted for him. Wakeup call?
Of course, they're probably bff's.
As a Tennessean I would like to know why this was not allowed. @Tennessean @memphisnews
what for u are delusional why u are a senator is beyond me
That is an outrage! On what basis did they refuse?
To ensure confirmation, Pudzer must agree to work as DOL Sec for minimum wage.
. @SenWarren @SenAlexander Reject. Unqualified.
so?
seems like a perfectly reasonable request @SenAlexander for someone who is going to hold such an important position. Afraid?
what's the problem senator Alexander
Blah, blah, blah.  Phony.
there must be something to hide. Refusal stands in the way of disclosure and verification. Keep it Transparent!
America! call Senator Alexander and tell him this was the wrong move:  (202) 224-4944
Why is that?  What don't Sen Alexander want the American people to know..Democrats demand FULL DISCLOSURE LOUDLY!!!
GOP intends to confirm a #SecretaryAgainstLabor - why else would workers' voices not matter? Lookin at u, @SenAlexander
I demand more from our government. We depend on you-- Senator Alexander you are letting the american people down.
sunlight is the best disinfectant.  Free &  open press scares this crew. Keep fighting for ALL citizens not just 1%
Why don't you take their testimony under oath and present it. The GOP is acting like thugs. Karma is definite.
thank you for the update. @SenAlexander you will be hearing from ALL of us
The next four years are going to be a shit storm. I'm grateful to have you working to make the best of it.
Shameful.  What good is a confirmation hearing if committee is not willing to hear ALL sides?
of course @SenAlexander did, that would immediately torpedo Puzder if his behavior was exposed
against a minimum wage &/or raising it. He has made profit by stepping on the rights of workers. Same if nominated
Apparently the revival of slavery is gaining interest in the gentrified halls of the Volunteer State.
What are they hiding? This is a Democracy. People are entitled to the data. You work for us, or have u forgotten?
get written statements and read them at the hearings
we need to get folks in his district to show up and ask him uncomfortable questions every time he is in public
What is Senator Alexander trying to hide?
Pathetic. Afraid to hear from his own employees lest his bad behavior be revealed for all to hear about.
Of course he did...did you expect anything else??
the GOP will regret their appalling lack of ethics
Not until voters stop rewarding them.
And this shocks you?
Anyone know this senator's phone number?
(202) 224-4944
thank you
