Please fight for me Elizabeth.  I'm a nurse with two kids and an underemployed husband.  I need ACA to afford insurance for my family.
I'm sorry lady but it's costing me so much money with Obamacare that I can't afford my medication Dems. are just scaring u we need the bill
Then it needs to be fixed.  Throwing people off insurance is insane and irresponsible.  Trump care is a death sentence for many. Fix ACA.
They are not going to be thrown off their insurance read the bill please
Well, the GOP has just shared it.  Since Trump has done nothing but lie, why should I trust that he has my families back?
Give them hell! My life depends on it!
My life depends on getting rid of Obamacare it's costing me so much money I can't afford my medication must be your rich
You must be the blessed few w/o a pre-resisting condition & guaranteed to never get sick. Good for you! Your money issue will kill people.
No I am not blessed because I have two family members with pre-existinghealth and know this bill will be goodfor me and my family. Dems. Lie
I'm actually not a dem so please explain how it will not effect them?
Give 'em hell, Senator Warren. And happy birthday. 
Lol lol, the Democrats think this bill is bad it's costing me so muchmoney withObamacare and some of your people aretoo stupid to understand
Sen. Warren...you need to lead the way..We are all counting on you. Oh and GOP..i want your health care policy for my family...#NOTHAPPENING
Warren did not even read the bill she's just getting up there because she's a Democrat and doesn't like the GOP. Obamacare kills
Didn't say Obamcare didn't kill,don't like the fact that the GOP was secrative,not only with Dems, but their own party.Get it right,not fast
We have to do something Obamacare is killing the people they can't afford their premiums in the deductibles.
My health insurance at work, cost 7k for a family of 3. Family deductible of 5K. This isn't Obamacare.Need 2 get it right for  EVERYONE
Sen Warren, please remind the female members of the GOP that this bill hates them as much as it hates every other woman in the US.
Lol lol try again
No thanks Marie, I'm good.
I'm glad for you
As I am for you.
Act with your wallet. Tell Congress, tourist bureaus, advertisers, you will buy and vacation in blue states. Money speaks louder #spendblue
Here's an idea. Instead of grandstanding for cameras why don't you try to work together to fix healthcare?
Hey Pocahontas stop line
Defend everyone Senator Warren. My own senator Pat Toomey office hung up on me before I could even say why I disliked this bill!
So how would you fix ObamaCare? NO WAY to single payer. NO VA healthcare for me.
Repeal it completely!  Get rid of borders and let the free market control costs.  Keep govt OUT of healthcare!!
Take your seat you GOOFY DINGBAT!
“Citizen’s United” “Americans for Prosperity” oligarchy Koch brothers are undermining our democracy @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries
The ACA was 2000+ pages you dingbat! This bill is less by far. You suck! #DrainTheSwamp
Your piece of crap bill destroyed my health, you rich don't  have to deal with Obama no care.
Oh great,,,,don;t forget the coffee and donuts,,,,
Headed to the Senate floor to be a harpy over defunding PP for a year?

Talk all you like -but I don't want MY health costs to rise, so others get it for free.
People can buy their own insurance -like I do.
Obamacare is the TURD,  left behind by your party, lets get rid of that floater and move on.
Flush the toilet!
Please remove the section that says we (the people/government) can't negotiate for lower Rx prices.
@IamKassie2you"FIGHT Like HELL" "SCREAM Like HELL" "PLEDGE ALEGION TO THE FLAG" NOT THE GROWING  SCAB TO  COVER  IT UP
Lol lol
Give hell!!! And thank you for looking out for "poor people" "sick people" and "elderly"
Lifetime caps will murder so many I love. My bff is a sped teacher in Idaho w/ autoimmune. Protects most vulnerable in society. Gets screwed
I second Rebecca in requesting no life time caps
To bad all you have wanted to do is bad mouth Trump for no reason rather then accept it and work with them for the betterment of the people
I want the same health plan you have. #shutupLiz
Warren...I'm really frustrated with your vehement response to everything. Harvard is less if you are their product.....grow up!
Thank you Sen. Warren.
Thank you for explaining this bill.The GOP are trying to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
Did you read the bill because I read the bill and the Democrats are nothing but Liars you need to have somebody explain it to you.
Yes I read the bill.Don't call anyone liars until you admit trump lies.
You sound great, as always.  I can't believe people fall for the GOP rhetoric when they can have great people like you on their side!
Democrats are nothing but evil!  Obstructionist!  Trying to help Soros wreck the world!
Robert Mercer & the Dark Money Behind @realDonaldTrump and @StephenBannon
Oh....and by the way New England is really small relative to our great country....and you're not a N.E. native.... you're no potential POTUS
I would call her "Trailor Trash" but that would demean honest., Law Abiding Americans living in manufactured homes. This woman is a Thief.
Thank you so much Betty for standing for what is right!
PLEASE denounce the treatment of protestors in wheelchairs outside McConnell's office! These are Americans who should be HEARD NOT ARRESTED!
Baby killers!
MONSTROSITY was Obamacare! Many of you didn't take time to read it! Like you #Lieawtha! Obamacare is BROKE & BROKEN! @SenWarren @SenateGOP
Give 'em hell!
Stand firm!
it didn't bother you the high number of babies being killed under planned parenthood.Or the vets who died waiting for care under Obama

a gross misspelling?? It shouldbe
KILLcare bill!! NO QUOTAS!! KILLT the bastards who cant, wont pay!! So simple!!
Warren is the problem not the solution
At least you're given it to read.  Pelosi "you have to pass it to know what's in it.  " Gruber "the stupidity of the American voter!"
We are counting on you and all the others who have a conscience to watch our backs. Thank you so much for your service!!
Go Elizabeth! We know you'll do your best to defend all people in the US, not just the 1%!!!
This is NOT a political issue, this is my life, your life, your parents,children, neighbors lives.DOWN WITH THE KILLER GOP HC BILL!!!!!
Are there rallies being planned 2 defend the #aca? We worked so hard 2 get this far - it seems 2 be dying a largely silent death.
Your such a fraud
You are a bad person.
Nut case !!!!
DNA Witch!
Get it done!!!!!
I'll haunt U till U do!
Faker!
Liar! 
Deceiver!
Hater!
Obstructionist!
Ur way or the Highway!
Pity Party Queen!
When she said she was heading to the Senate Floor, I had a picture of her passed out drunk from firewater.
Drama Queen.
The only monstrosity here is Sen. Warren.
When did you have time to read it,  you started reading it an hour before this post.  Or do you just assume it's bad because GOP made it?
Monstrosity - claiming to be Native American then supporting Criminal Illegal Aliens and Muslim Islamic Terrorists. Lizzy UR the "monster"
You're an embarrassment to Massachusetts
Why do you believe in socialism?
you are referring to the Failing Disaster #Obamacare Right Lizzie?
As Obamacare implodes she wants a massive tax payer bailout. Typical Socialist generous with other people's money.
You don't "talk" about anything all you do is obstruct. Get something done for Gods sake! You should either work or resign
talk in your native american language
Healthcare is NOT a basic human right. How on earth did you come to that conclusion?
HAY LADEE!!!

Oh, #MAGA. Or something.
what a Drama Queen! Is that your Native American name? Chief drama queen.
I often wonder do evil sick twists really sleep well at night! Then at look at Trump & his greedy minions & I must say, they r looking old
Go gettum Liz!
It's the @SenateGOP Great #American #Genocide
Are you going on the warpath?
Go get 'em!
I can't watch, sending all my strength &prayers for humanity with you and others who see this for what it is #resist #mcconnelldontcare
and just my opinion  They really need that more than the 43,000 Americans who die each year because they have NO Health Care?
The GOP SHOULD HAVE JUST LET the ACA (ObamaCare) COLLAPSE!
And then the dems would get involved in writing a new law.
OR JUST REPEAL ACA.
Yep this will work
Good Luck.  Took a Mean Bill and made it meaner.  Even Donald said it had no "Heart"  maybe get this going?
#Obamacarerepeal so you support #Trumpcare over the @GOP plan
Good for you 
Thank God for people like Senator Elizabeth Warren. Elections have consequences. 
#Warren is a #Traitor #Liar & a sneaky little mole
Don't betray your people-Americans for what SOROS tells you to do -Pull up you big girl pants & act like a adult
GOOFEY Warren wants death panels in the healthcare bill
Go home.
Hot Air and Bullshit, but that's what we expect from you. Lib talking points are all you are good for.
No one can influence the conservative base to go to the polls like you. Be strong and be yourself.
Please stop with the generalizations. People want details. How does the money get to the rich, etc? Explain
Thank you for fighting for us
Too many middle class people (what's left of it) don't realize how they'll be hurt; like their employee ins won't be impacted
Your making Massachusetts proud.Keep up the fight Liz.
Get lost. You are totally irrevelent?  President is not in your future.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/877953331338985473 …
Why do I want to watch crap  tht comes out of your mouth?
This is certainly a financial bill, even in the name, NOT a health care bill.
Please refer to it as #Trumpcareless
You should stay off the fire water.
But a $1500 a month healthcare premium with a $5k deductible and current Obamacare is satisfactory? #hypocrisy #obstructionists
Thank you @SenWarren, just watched you live!  As a pediatric speech language pathologist, I thank you for standing up for our kids & familie
Good.   The more you talk... the more elections the Republicans win.
nothing but endless respect for you as a human being, thank you for being who you are 
 Hope to see you tomorrow in Lowell!
Hey Warren, why don't u and ur family go on Obamacare? Instead of the plush healthcare u get paid by us!!
What about u people's wonderful Healthcare? If nothing is done, then millions will be without ins
What do you call $13,000 deductibles, 200% increase in premiums & not being able to find a doctor who will take your plan? That's my O-Care.
Tell 'em all about it!! #DonTCare

True Americans know you are a obstructionist and are not performing positively. Doing nothing and bitching about everything is all you do.
Right on
It is times like this 
I am so grateful you are the Senator fighting for All Americans! Thank-You!
#MedicareForAll
Your like the skunk every time you are around things smell real bad. Do you really think you are gaining support being worthless.
You rock Elizabeth!
Propose about 500 amendments to it. Call them out on their deceit.
Yeah like Ocare was a great thing.  You people should have left it along years ago.
7. Please bring these points forward! Thank you.
Is it possible for Dems to offer their own healthcare bill? I mean, would you please!
6. Because traditionally, health insurance actuarial rates are set by the age of the oldest beneficiary.
You're the next one to lose an election Brave Warrior Princess!!
5. pay for their parents' medical bills? Or if they include older parents on their health ins., they can be charged up to five times more?
Trump said repeal or replace with something great...from what we've heard and read thus far (see Washington Post) it is not great but "mean"
4. And how good a deal will the AHCA be for young people if they find out that their state's filial responsibility laws can obligate them to
3. income earners have to stay home to care for a disabled child or elderly parent b/c Medicaid & SSI no longer provides these services?
I had the SO called healthcare OBAMACARE my carrier pulled out had nothing but it was UNAFFORDABLE to begin w 6800 ded 654 a month. 
2. The argument for tax cuts for the rich is that it will stimulate the economy. What will happen to the economy when millions of 2nd
Thank You
1. Sen. Warren: Has anyone figured out how much people who earn $200K/yr or more will be paying in increased state & property taxes?
Give 'em hell.
Thank you for fighting!
Liz I guess your not going to take my valuable advice. Typical air head needs to beet to a pulp to the bitter end. Sad!
Happy new ages
Let Obama's health care just drop dead itself. We will survive  without as we fid in the past.
Oh save us Fauxcahontas from the evil Republicans
Thank God you Chuckleheads are NOT in charge. "Repeal & Replace" that Obana nightmare ASAP!
Don't trip and fall
You mean to tell me you read and understand the whole bill in 1 hr? Pocahontas the damn speed reader. Awesome.
When you're in Capital Hill look behind you, cause that where Senator Warren's gonna be!
Muzzle the witch !
Wow you read the entire bill in an hour? You do know that an actual monstrosity exists, right? Ocare is collapsing! #CrushTheResistance
Such Drama Pocahontas 
Why not nationalize all business then we can be as screwed up as the rest of the world. Then we can all wear mao jackets. Communism yeah. NO
Cause Obamacare was soooo good 
Thank you
The Senate GOP health bill in one sentence: poor people pay more for worse insurance
Demonized a bill you have not seen? of course that is not being an obstructionist. Don't you have to pass a bill to see what's in it?
I hope you run for president @SenWarren.We would have earned it
Ms 'Drama Queen'...you should step back for a moment & remember what you & your simple minded Dem friends that put us Americans in
I know someone with Obamacare....they can't afford the monthly payments...now what?
Keep up the fight
I am stunned at how much these nasty old white men truly HATE Americans. Everyone needs to remember this in 2018. TIME FOR CHANGE!!!
How many days until we get to vote you out?
What don't you cry wolf on Senator??
Democrats will not help but will talk against it  why are you not working
Hope you brought your peace pipe.
HA!
Give 'em hell, Ms Warren. @SenWarren
Sit down Pocahontas
Go get em senator. Make sure mention the fact the lobbyist wrote and approved it not the senators charged with actually doing it. Telling!
Kick ass and take no prisoners like I know you know how!!
America needs you more than ever !!
Please make sure the elders, mothers, and children have and keep proper medical coverage... They are the future....
Elizabeth Warren - You can now help negotiate!
I agree. End Obamacare & replace it w/ nothing. Healthcare is not a right, it's a product. Let the free market work #Fauxchohaqntas
fight for democracy
