His strategy was totally clear. Divert attention from Russia. Sadly, mission not accomplished & wasted millions on strike. #operationpothole
We have bigger potholes in Cleveland!
I know aiming anything in the direction of innocents is not funny in any way, but this made me chuckle.
And last time Trump ordered a strike, children were killed. Anytime you lob a bomb, there's a risk of collateral damage.
I blocked that knuckle head
He's distracting from Russia. The media is letting him. This is pathetic.
Do you really believe that? The air strikes angered Putin, so I guess they aren't best friends,  but liberal media keeps lying. HRC lost.
Yep. She did lose. Putin's faux outrage is just a way to trick Orange Donny to lift sanctions. Also, no for-profit media is liberal.
No for profit media is liberal?  You're kidding right? #cnn #msnbc #cbs #abc , etc. The list goes on.
We wouldn't be having these conversations if you people had elected Kasich.
Lol
If Trump was in collusion with Russia, why would he go against them & bomb? Liberals can't deal with the loss of the Presidency!
We can't deal with Chump - has nothing to do with losing the election. He advised Russia an hour before sending missiles - no surprise there
If he didn't we would start WW3!
Which still may happen because he acts without thought and counsel of others with experience.
Not true he listened to the generals something Obama refused to do because he thought he knew everything.
Totally disagree - I think he took counsel before acting and had everyone's interest in mind not his own bank accounts.
To say that Trump makes decisions to make money is silly. A billionaire doesn't need more money. He is POTUS, so deal with it.
Angry much? Now you're speaking like he does. That's why you like him so much.
Sitting bullshit
Trump needs to be held accountable first
We can't even hold our own government accountable let alone Assad in Syria
Is very nice that after 8 years, dems want to hold our government accountable again. #hypocrisy
One cannot defend the constitution if one does not follow the constitution There is no justification without justice
THIS @GOP
Keep it up, Liz. Pretty much everything you ever say ensures the left (you), never winning another election ever again. It's comforting.
I will use my Massachusetts vote proudly to vote her out
Most likely a smart move.
She broke rules no surprise to win
because you are not a military general.  thank God btw.
Your hate for POTUS is colluding your brain. If you're trying to get America behind you, you're doing a horrible job. You'll be voted out
Using chemical weapons on women and children didn't do it for you, huh?
SHUTUP. POTUS is famed if he does and damned if he doesn't in your eyes. You're talking out of both sides of your mouth typical dem
Seriously? Well, watch this! All the proof I need!
Another actor - bring on "the white helmets" Ha!
He didn't wage war he spanked them. Come on quit acting like it was personal!!!
The missle strike was a diversion to distract from #TrumpRussia
Have you seen any evidence it was Assad? He gained nothing from it, but the rebels sure did. Trump had just said he had no interest in Assad
Don't ask for a plan - recommend one, if you are so smart.
Are you choosing to be eternally obtuse? Your reckoning will come and the partying will extend into the wee hours @RealJamesWoods
Why don't u care about Syrian children?
face it you're not in the loop!  He isn't going to telegraph what he is going to do and won't share with dem leakers like you
Trump wanted to change  the subject of investigation , increase poll numbers, and to compete with President  Obama
I think he likes showing off when Heads of different countries are there. This is twice now.
I've got to pipe in about the transparency paradox of our military.  We can't have our actions be news but they can't also be secret. #fiver
If Putin gets points for leadership, it's from the families of soldiers that know we can't endanger with what makes us great.  #1985tor #tor
Sorry sen war I don't remember that one, guess again sometimes or #notatall
He's just in.a.constant state of redeluding
Elizabeth. In 2days interconnected economy the most effective warfare even against mid-east luddites is 2 punish the supply chain.
Who really deployed the weapons? How were they acquired (since Russia supposedly destroyed them all)? Who handled the money? Punish them.
If there is no profit in a mode of warfare, that mode of warfare will dry up right fast.
Accountable for what ? An independent poll says Syrians would vote Assad back in by over 70%! The USA lie about Assad - also Libya,Iraq etc
Except that he was testing how far he could go, and poison gas on kids was a relatively safe "justification" if anyone should ask
60 missiles and the runway is actively used the next day, and the same people are bombed again...this was for show, distraction.
They weren't shooting for the runway my dear lady as I can assure you if they were they would not have a runway there.
Taking out his airplanes is a pretty clear plan. Your plan will be to take on more refugees. I like hitting the airplanes better!
It is called lining his pockets with emolument funds that @GOP is letting him get away with. #Impeach45 #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Treason
Oops...nice try though
Elizabeth Warren showed up on
-my tweet to you
She's freakin everywhere...
maybe you should talk to the relatives or the surviving parents of the children who were killed in the chemical weapons attack...
Russia already said they did this by bombing. Why is everyone not adding that. Acting like we don't know. Read people.
Do what? Draw another red line?
Trump owns stock in Raytheon, manufacturer of Tomahawk missiles. Plus, Trump wanted to appear to distance himself from Putin.
chemical weaponry seems reasonable ... if that's the real reason.
Are you even looking? Even Hillary Clinton supports this strike and more to take out all of Assad's airfields.
She supports it with a comprehensive strategic plan.  Chump is incapable of such, he acts and tweets without thought.
Politicians have been talking and talking about their plans since 2011. Meanwhile, 500K dead and America lost its moral compass.
I partially agree. However I don't think Trump is an example of a moral compass.
We need to STOP Trump & ALL the people who have colluded with Trump! Including WH staff & the GOP for NOT upholding the Constitutional oath
Ignorance must be bliss huh.
I'm not sure how ignorant are you? Ignorance is why the world is the way it is! Ignorance is why there's Wars! So again how ignorant are you
Ignorance is why we have Trump, ignorance is the people who still believe in Trump, ignorance is the GOP, ignorance is going to start WWIII!
You tell em!!  I thought some would see what trumo is really doing to tear America apart, but they still have blinders on. He's doing
A President under investigation should not be allowed to make a private phone call much less order a missile strike. #Russia #SyriaStrikes
Not to mention tax payer money - need to vote her out. Seriously does the American people want someone so unhinged representing them?
Yes but Chump recently said it was not his job to police the nation and he did just that. Let the Syrian refugees in or no? Inconsistencies
I agree, it's going to take A LOT to change my mind regarding TRump!
trump needs to held accountable.
I understand.  It's HARD to see that red line obama drew  . . .
@potus ratings were in the toilet. He callled Putin not congress. They struck the abandoned part of Syrian airfield. It was a #distraction
You're defending the most corrupt politician in the history of USA. He's a danger to America. Go lick some more paint.
Trump is corrupt unqualified unethical liar with no morals or heart. He's a horrible role model for children. Russia owns him #ImpeachTrump
America was already great. Trump is destroying America. His bills benefit his rich friends & take away from everyone else. #TrumpIsACrook
I can assure you Putin is not at all happy with this
That's right. Bunch of criminals in that white house
Lots of things u r obviously not seeing. Dems r I trouble w radical leaders at the helms
You blind?
We need the truth on Syria, not just the CIA generated nonsense. Can't count on our media on this one. Or either political party.

Sarin and chlorine gas.
What if the chemical & missiles implementation is just a show? A show to prove they have nothing to do with Putin & are dealer
makers once Tillerson meets Putin. Killing 2 birds with 1 stone.
Because you have no brains.  It sent a very strong message, as  " don't do it again "
Wrong
What a looser!!
you don’t know how to spell. Not surprising.
That attack was an impulsive act and also a tactic to distract us from Russian investigations. Do not be FOOLED!
Not sure what's worse an imbecile thinking he is smarter than Trump or the imbecile thinking the FBI investigation can be distracted by MSM.
It was orchestrated with Putin to distract the media and u guys fr Russia investigation and poor jobs report.
Where's your proof?
Google.
Again, where's your proof?
To deflect from Russian investigation, duh. #DumpTrump #Resist
...except destroy the airport from which chems were flown to kill civilians...not enough?? Trump enforced Obama's RedLine!!
Destroy? They were flying planes out of there the next day. Weak effort for nothing except show & deflection. He needed an ego boost.
Missile strike is another classic Trump dog & pony show. Accomplished nothing but let him force spotlight off him & Putin. & Ray. Stocks up.
Accomplished nothing? Maybe you should ask the Syrian people. We have seen them praising @POTUS actions.
...and then that community suffered another bombing. It's okay to bomb innocents not gas.
Anything is a improvement of obama's failed weak strategy.Liberals cannot be in charge when it comes to military decision,proven many times
So you consider Thursday evening a success? They were flying planes the next day after we sent the missiles and we warned Russia ahead of it
we warned Russia to get out of the way just before the strike because our beef was w/ Assad not them dummy. Liberals want war with Russia 
Did I call you a name? That was rude and unnecessary. You can disagree without being rude but guess you took one from Chump's playbook.
BTW
For being a smart woman you say the most stupid things...
What a tool. You'd be ecstatic if it was obama who fired missiles. Face it you're a nut job that puts your own party before this country.
I've seen no compelling reason to believe you didn't lie about your ancestry to advance your career at the expense of others.  Fraud.
Stop complaining and start working. You bust on everything, not constructive, not what Americans hired you to do.
- Trump has a plan. He's got everything under control. Watch and learn Liz, watch and learn... #MAGA
And the Dems have a plan?
Why dont we hold our own Prez accountable instead of Assad. We have crisis in our own backyard. IMPEACH HIM first then take care of Assad.
Thank you when is the impeachment because he did it illegally
@senwarren Gris being strategic has to be flexible day to day with foreign policy .. what foreign policy did Obama have but send billions
Like he's going to tell you! HaHa
Hey at least you know where to find him where the f++k is Obummer
Cry  baby Hillary Clinton approves what Trump did and that's your best friend
Yea ok Pocahontas
Recommend a bipartisan committee to study what can be done. UN powerless.
Are you for real?! Gas used to murder children is not a good enough reason! Your are sick!
Ms. Warren, the @DNC needs a plan, period
@barbs73
So there is proof? At the point now where the MSM could fool half the people into thinking the moon's made of cheese. Other half needs proof
You think it's due to bias?
No compelling reason?! Gassing women and children is a compelling reason! I guess since the victims were white, huh?  Scalp'em Lie-A-Watha!
@seanhannity @SenBookerOffice @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine   Lizzy You are a Functional Illiterate And Evi If There Is a God,You Will Pay.
Now you Senator Warren have all these questions, where was the verification that the nerv. Gas was removed, Rice, Kerry obama LIED
Ok Pocahontas
That right is showing how naive u Dems are and is why ur not in power! Keep up the BS 
Keep drinking the orange kool-aid and watching fox news and Breitbart, shrunken head
l Spencer commits about holocaust is beyond belief. He needs to resign. Period!!!!
45 & Putin heard USA's furor over TREASON!
45 & Putin joined at the hip!
Both knew 45 must deflect!
45 did nothing noble!
45 cares naught!
Gassing his own people isn't justification enough for you to retaliate on Assad? You people just need a reason to criticize Trump. Sad!
Killing civilians with outlawed chemical weapons isn't justification enough?
That's because you can't see past your hatred for our great @POTUS   You're used to obummer doing nothing.
Bomb and keep bombing selected targets
We have had plans. Obama chose poorly
Syria violated the chemical weapons ban, obviously. Assad used them on his people. What would be "compelling"?
Ug! So you approve um of chemical weapons..muy interesante...pero tanto...Tonto? Kemosabe.
.Perhaps you should wipe the partisan hatred from your eyes & you'd see Assad crossed Obama's red line. @POTUS held him accountable.
Well, your home boy Kerry declared all chemical weapons in Syria to be gone. So Trump is cleaning up another Lib lie.
To destroy the base the chemical weapons came from, YOU DINGBAT!
The ones that have important roles in decisions being made have a clear strategic plan. Which explains why you don't.
Everyone knows what Trump's strategies are: 1) Distract from the #russiagate investigation, and 2) Try to raise his sagging ratings.
Lol you are right
Would you rather see more kids die.. no red line will be crossed with this president
CW attack may have been a sham  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU5taO5vRDo&sns=tw … via @youtube
The strategic justification was to distract from the Russia investigation and March's bad job numbers. 98,000 vs. Obama's 215,000
Were you wearing a tin foil hat when you tweeted this?
Except to deflect interest in the Russia collusion.
A plan like Obama had, is that what your alluding to  Pocahontas? Or R you taking about lying Susan Rice's claim of no weapons?
I like the initial strike.Sends a clear message to http://many.Now  we need a strategy.
Because you are blind as bat. And batshit crazy.
Aaaand now you're a field marshal.
You can't see it because you are blinded by your hatred for Trump. Try to be objective, please.
Trump can't molest women while he's POTUS so the missile strike was just a giant ejaculation and relief of sexual tension-Sigmund Freud
Hmmm
Oxymoron
To take out the enemy, reduce their strength, send a strong warning vs. a line in the sand that was crossed 1500 times ( #Syrian deaths)
I would have assumed the prior President would have been all ears to any suggestions you had, but no, people were gassed anyway.
......ignorance is bliss definitely  in your case fauxcahontas !!
Drone strike to Assad would've been the move to make. The President talks bigly but walks like all wiggly.
You need to be held accountable
Killing a chem weapon depot that #Assad wasn't supposed to have is okay with me!
He was trying to be presidential or #TrumpDefers, one of the two.
Because you don't care if civilians get hit with nerve gas
To my favorite senator, nothing but collusion between Dump & Putin & to raise Dump's ratings
Someone really needs to hide the code key to the nuclear arsenal before the voices in @realDonaldTrump head win the battle! Hurry!
how about a red line?
Arent you getting ready to vacation for two weeks?  Our president will be working on USA issues so don't act like you care.

You need to change your war paint and reload your tomahawks..
You wouldn't see a problem with exterminating of these poor people? I would think a full blooded Native American would be more empathetic.
LMFAO Pocahontas. Like the one Barry Obama had??? Unless the goal was letting Assad keep his chemical weapons...
You're an obstructionist who puts party before country. You should have held Assad accountable a long time ago. Now get with PRESIDENT TRUMP
It got everyone talking about something other than his Putin connection. #wagthedog
What your plan. criticizing is easy. Offering solutions is hard.
still trying to be  relevant ?
You won't see a justification. There isn't one. That was an expensive fireworks show to lure dumb journalists and politicians out of focus.
45 is a crook and a serial liar, HE CANNOT BE TRUSTED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES! #SyriaStrikes #resist #Trumprussia
The strike was an emotional response. I agree that we need a strategy to purge Assad. At least it's clear that chem weapons are not okay.
I don't recall that you were with @HillaryClinton in Bosnia. I only thought you were just pocketing money. That's not military experience.
Maybe you should focus on the horrible disparity in pay of your female employees. Obvious you can't multitask.
Held this inside for 8yrs?
You heepum confused and speak with forked tongue
Omg a plan to hold Assad accountable???....how about 59 tomahawk missiles up his ass!?!?!?

If you see no justification, then why do you say hold Assad accountable?  You are a nutbag we need to throw out.
So what's your plan Chief Bullshit?
He has no plan except to hope that the attack increases his popularity percentage and fattens his stock portfolio
What's your plan senator?
There was no strategic damage, either.
At least President Trump ACTUALLY DID SOMETHING WITHOUT A RED LINE TO RUN FROM!!
ummmm what was Obama's plan again?
Yeah just dead children!
His stock in Raytheon.
Unlike the women in your office the female captain of the ship that launched the strike makes as much as a man
It was better than another red line like Barry Hussein Obama would have drawn.
Idiots
As if a full time communist agitator would know anything about any of that. LOL.  Your plan to send Iran $400 cash on a pallet didn't work.
Your BFF Hillsy C. would have done the same exact thing (said so herself).  Would this tweet exist if she won and gave the same order?
So true
I think your right after 400,000.00 people have been killed over the last six year. #ISTHATAFACT
Thank you Fauxahontas for reminding us where your mind & priorities are.
The liberals called for Trump to act on the situation in Syria yet you attack him when he does.
Supported this strike. Yet the children of the Dems still cannot bring themselves to give POTUS any positive feedback. That's why they lost
; Moron Warren, I guess she's okay with chemical warfare, until it hits MA.
