omg. Every time you open your mouth, you sound stupider than the time before
Pocahontas, if you really want equality, why don't you produce a bill to remove the Cadillac health care for Congress and go on Obamacare?
Can't they, Senator? I think they think they can. They are working on it. That's what Kobach is for.
If you have any faith in Kobach you have no faith in anything.
He may be a moron, but if he has the backing of the other morons... and the vote is under attack on many fronts.

Does 7 years ago ring a bell
Sore head
Lol... Tribal Counsel has spoken.
That's where you are wrong my dear senator some Republican voters will vote Republican no matter what?
#democrats “FAIL THE QUIZ” on th details of most #republican bills #bumperstickermentality #comprehension #obstruction
Elizabeth i am from South Africa and i think you are pathetic!!!!! Please step down you are hurting the Democratic Party!!!
What is your alternative? How about having meaningful discussions with republicans until you come-up with a solution?
GOTTA PASS IT BEFORE YOU READ IT.
ugggg. I HATE DOUBLE STANDARDS
#truth
Term limits.
When will you be paying the consequences for your vote on ACA? Lead by example and join the unwashed in our system you designed for us.
Huh you did with Obama Care how in the hell do you keep ur job....
They are not hiding it. That's false propaganda. They are going step by step. 1st is motion to proceed. Patience is key. @realDonaldTrump
They've attempted already to take away insurance for 23 million. Proceed with those degrees. Patience is key in getting educated.
A compromise can be made to let those 23 mil keep their insurance and change the standard so they receive better care, more benefits.
I think the problem is that GOP's wealthy insurance and tax cut hungry benefactors want to keep that money for themselves.
Unfortunately its more like the pharmaceutical companies that keep the money for themselves, not the GOP. The GOP is an easy target.
Keep following the money...
well said!
Such a Hater....is that your support base?  Haters?!  #WhackyWarren
CONSEQUENCES! That's why democrats lost 1200 seats under odumbass #noselfawareness
Like you hid Obamacare bill till voted in and now refuse to acknowledge it's collapsing.  #DemocratLiesMatter
Neither can you. I can't wait to watch you lose your next election.
True.  Look what the ACA did to the Democrats.
@SenWarren how about you show us your wonderful health care insurance? Mine is $1,500/mth & outrageous deductibles
@SenWarren gets hers free & pure Cadillac, as waived from #Obamacare as all #Congress ! #RulingElites @POTUS remove BO's waiver of Congress!
YEAH LETS HAVE 20,000 PAPERS LIKE BARACK HUSSEIN THE HITLER OF OUR TIME YES THATS WHAT I SAID
OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER.
Thanks for this truth. These sre people, not simple statistics.
You mean like Obama & your party did? Perfect example, thanks.
Why do they insist on all these SECRET TALK/CLOSED DOORS. BC THY R ALL SHADY. WHY DID ALL THS BS START W/13 MEN BEHIND CLOSED DOORS? SICK!!
Hey Liz youll feel the consequences of the voter NO DOUBT
Dems learned this well with their performance in last 4 election cycles after they unanimously brought us the disaster that is #Obamacare

How did you hide your conscience when you stole from American natives Elizabeth?
Just like you can't hide that you lied about being an indian. #fakeindian
Pocahontas, if it's so wonderful, why isn't it required for you and the other minions? *crickets*
Damn right, that's why dims are falling like dominos 
Maam, will someone please remind the American people that any problems the ACA may have, stem from Rubios removal of the risk corridors !
You mean like the consequences that struck #SethRich
The Silent majority spoke up once and have proof @realDonaldTrump we are unstoppable. Loud mouth no action Senators (you) are short timers
Has she took the DNA ancestry dot com yes, she looks Cherokee
The smell of BS, and hypocrisy is overwhelming!
Imagine if you had to use the same healthcare as us & pay the same premiums. Imagine how quickly you would work to come up with a good plan!
Ur party was the one that hid the contents from the Americans and messed everything up! So B4 u go off look in the mirror hypocrite
That was your party Senator.  It's well documented.  Ask Nancy P.
Sadly it appears this admin will continue to do what it's doing until someone figures out a way to end it!  Until then this country is dead!
But ...that's what YOU did
Pocahontas, you are correct, and these 7 flip floppers will need some new seats come 2018
"Experts"stillArguingThatNotRepealing ACAmoreHarmfulPoliticallyThanPassing unpopularBill i disagree LetThemPassThisHorror watch Reckoning

"Senators can hide their final health care bill from the public"

Lol...wut?

What'd happen if @GOP votes4 #MedicareForAll?
"donor" refunds?
That is correct, you Socialist have no place to hide from your criminal acts
Exactly... but it goes both ways Liz... conservatives aren't the only ones suffering under the ACA
@SenWarren Are you on this health plan? Go try it. Without group participation this law is devastating. Sign up and let us know
But they can: with gerrymandering, disinformation, and voter suppression.

@SenCoryGardner consequences will be 11/3/20
Fake Pochohontas you need to sit down, zip it, and pray your not tied to anything HRC/OBAMA....we also know you will be voted out soon
Get off ur high horse. Dems hid Obamacare bill from everyone. Most Dems didn't read it 'til after it was passed. Now u pretend 2 b insulted?
They are acting like street bullies who make up the rules as they go along.
Thank god!  Else all you democrats hiding behind your hate/refusing to MAGA could get away with it. But we see your inaction we are watching
Make you ford credit auto payment from your campaign fund this month?  $1051.78??????? @seanhannity @FoxNews @polNewsForever @BreitbartNews
Which is exactly why you and your corrupt kind will never regain the White House. Keep killing your party every time you open your yap.
Did you tell Nancy Pelosi that before the ACA vote.
Universal Medicaid or go home!  This whole debate really CAN be a race or collaboration between parties to do what is truly JUST.
And you can't hide your true ethnicity, Senator Warren. When are you going to schedule that DNA test?
No one cares what you say #Pocahontas your a liar PROVEN! #MAGA
You did a great job hiding Obamacare from everyone, Senator.  The bill was too long for you to put any time in reading it.
Would that be exponentially increasing premiums and costs of Ocare Liz?
Well it's back under the buss for you! Get use to it.
States and local municipalities have sunshine laws on legislation? Isn't that true for the Senate & Congress as well @SethAbramson @TribeLaw
They are sure trying with that two year delay so it takes effect after the next elections.
Your spirit animal is an otter. He thinks you otter find a different kind of work.
#FlipItBlue #FireGOP
Let it be known, if it's good enough for the American people, it should be good enough for those forcing it on us! #Repeal
By the time anyone votes for 2018 a lot of people could be 
But they don't care because Putin has guaranteed them a win... Russia DID hack some machines. Now w Trump in power all r being "fixed"!
You got that right! Power to the people!
Cuckoo Cuckoo Cuckoo
How about the current consequences we are dealing with from the shitty healthcare bill YOU pushed through!
Exactly!
Remember when you had to pass Obamacare before Rep's and Senators could know what was in it.....??????
You'll be out of a job soon...anti American pos
And you all should own n take responsibility for your votes for Ocare. His that too. Remember. Got to pass it to see it. Pelosi 101
@TexasMadDog11 Kinda like you can't hide the fact that you are not an Indian?
Hopefully!
Shhhh....no one wants to hear from you.
Lol!
No comment necessary. .
Yeah 
So remember those words when you come up for re election next round when your voted out!
*you're
Your attitude and tone tells me that you actually think your the smartest person to walk into any room!  Totally arrogant
From the LYING WITCH That has GOLD PLATED INSURANCE ON OUR TAX MONEY! YOU take O'care as YOUR INSURANCE!
Your tweet is beyond arrogant!
And the Democrats were so open with Obummercare. You two faced twit
It'll come out eventually & so will millions of voters for the first time thereafter.
Considering the disgrace the democratic party become, I would think you would be in hiding. I wonder who your IT person was. Time will tell.
Touché @SenWarren. Please know you can't hide from your deliberate attempts to self fulfill the Amer dream while denying avg Americans
Gorsuch
But, #Senators can hide THEIR #healthcare plan from the public
they have to pass it to see whats in it, amirite?
You're right and the RINO's are all going 2 pay at the polls. Voters have a strong memory.  BTW, you're going to pay at the polls also. C ya
Will be good to see all you Dems leave  We are fed up Americans!! Bye bye  #drainthedeepstate #DrainTheSwamp
The problem is if you look at Trumps record in life so far he's never been held accountable for just about anything. Karmic debt is large.
You're 110% right. We're all accountable for our actions in life. The universe keeps track and a lie has 0 merit. Reality does catch up.
like the Dems did with the failure called Obamacare?
Obamacare was hidden from us despite endless promises of transparency. Obama said hearings on C-SPAN. Passed in dead of night. All lies.
If Obamacare is so wonderful why don't you use it? How about this: No more exemptions. Senators suffer same fate as rest of us.
Maybe you should take a  break and back to the reservation.
Oh, believe me chief, You're consequences will be delivered, gift wrapped next year. Start packing the teepee @DiehlForSenate
Neither can you.
You mean like the democrats?
And you can't hide your lying eyes!
Consequences?  You wish to talk about voting consequences?  Oh lord just go ask your buddy Hillary
Neither can you #Pocahontas !
Like dems voting to destroy America's great healthcare system with obamacare?
 
Fauxchahontas you don't know much and what you know is wrong
They can't hide from our votes and donations!
Don't you think the people & the Indians have been screwed  enough by the Fed gov't? Why screw them more?
You don't belong in our healthcare system. Goverment can barely run themselves. Why are the politicians not subject to Obama care???
Yeah cuz your health care took food out of my niece's mouth tax rtn pen because I decided to pay for heat 1 wntr instead of insuring myself
Oh no it was extra cold this winter and he paid for heat instead of ensuring himself take it out of his taxes who cares if the kids eat
When the Senate passes a health care is when you better worry about your job.
#shame
We are suffering the consequences from your vote for Odumbo care.
Americans are facing the consequences of your vote for the disastrous Obamacare you hypocrite!
. @SenWarren Anyone voting to kill Obamacare will reap the undying, vehement, in-your-face wrath of (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvpcf 
The Democratic part is soon to be a party of the past! Between 2018-2020 DEMS r DONE ! A republican suoer majority is in its way. Bye DEMS
Unfortunately they can.  #SafeDistricts #safeStates #PreachingToTheIgnorant #ourBad
Hey, what happened to you have to pass it to see whats in it ? I thought that was the rule for health care bills .
Full cherokee or full of shit?
You, of all people should not be saying that ! You are done Fake Indian !! MAGA 
Give them hell!
Or the impact to those who will feel it first.
This coming from a multi-millionaire who champions Socialism. Just shut up already.
Just curious. Who is your healthcare provider. Bet it isn't under #Obamacare
Yea really, thanks a lot whatever state she's from
She's a serious nut job!
Just like the disastrous consequences from Obama care can't be hidden.
They still haven't revealed it?
The consequences of your vote are soaring premiums and declining service. Dimwit
You voted for Obamacare and then exempted yourself from it....You are a hypocrite!!!!

Your right. It needs to be repealed now.
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
Amazing DT's only goal is to fulfill a campaign promise without regard to impact on millions that will lose healthcare.
Nor can you.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!
Go away already , we tire of you and the cronies you run with
Ha. You've been skating for 30yrs because of your Native American identity......uh wait
But by then it's too late for us, @SenWarren.
There will be consequences once millions are stripped of health insurance.
Hmmm , that's never happened before
So true. But Democrats better be ready. We need a good message with real issues. @TheDemocrats @SenateDems
Your correct MZ. warren. And the democrats creating havoc at every opportunity will be the death Nell of the dnc.
Who is Nell?
You and @TheDemocrats are why we are on this horrible healthcare.  You all need to get it together and make it right  for We the People.
None of you can...
We will resist you and your ilk no matter what it takes and please do not spew more bs like you are for the people you are a commie punto
Too bad, I can't vote you out, voting against Capito and Manchin next year to thank them for keeping Obamacare.
http://www.wvalways.com/story/35979030/camc-will-remove-around-300-full-time-equivalent-positions …
I remember when all you had was Major Medical for hospital, and paid the Doc! WE SURVIVED before the Brainwashing& the prescription epidemic
And you can't hide from your lies senator  warren
What a mess your party of democrats created. Hope you're happy.

