Stein and Bernie Supporters threw HRC under bus and gave us GOP SCOTUS. Democrats aren't the enemy.  Think!! #VoteBlue for your rights.
It's a lot better than saying you're going to bring back coal jobs and failing to deliver. At least she gave them another chance to earn $
Jeff Sessions coming after marijuana.  Clean energy won't come from Trump. He's going to further poison earth. But HRC wasn't enough fun. 
Stolen elections have consequences. 2000->W->Roberts->No Voting Rights Act->voter suppression->Trump->Gorsuch. Who knows what's next.
there was no voter suppression. You're being lied to. Everyone who wanted to vote did.

you're being ridiculous.
I cite a dozen sources, you regurgitate RW propaganda. GOP have been very open about stopping blacks from voting.
suppression the black vote in NC even tho blacks voted at the same rate in NC as they did in non ID law states.
Republicans bragged about stopping people from voting, not me.
I'll say it again. Blacks in NC voted at the same rate as blacks in non voter ID states. You've got nothing but "LW propaganda"
Hopefully there are at least 5 honest judges who are not making decisions ordered by the GOP !
Too late
they only care for power and money !!! The will sale the country if the can make $$$ . The rich and corporations buy their seats!
Same with the corporate dems
and the ones to blame is the stupid brain wash Deplorable's that keep voting for corrupts agains their own interest!
Trump at least pretended to be a populist. Hillary was openly for corporations aka against middle and working class
Yeah I Hillary didn't lie or pretend Trump did. Your saying that's better?
Try adding all the millionaires that are in the DNC that started out with little salary. We need term limits on all
D'okay. Only on Dems tho, right?
Will American voters ever punish the GOP for all their heartless actions?  They did in '74, but many voted for Nixon's pardoner Ford in '76.
Yes.  Hopefully GOP will be responsible for millions of babies that would have been otherwise murdered by your irresponsible buddies
Ah missy....you are the powerful, moneyed few. Stop pretending otherwise.
#45, the degradation of decency
Seriously lady. Your party did nothing for the working class for 8 years.
.*yawn*
Please run 2020
Soon two more will retire.  Thirty years of a conservative court.
Awww but think of the integrity that the liberals will get to witness, its like a free education on reality for congress. Cant beat it.
Do you mean like the power and money interests that you have beholden yourself to?
Once we regain power we will proceed to undo all the damage Baby trump has done and is doing. The framers were brilliant, but not perfect.
The loss of jobs by half on the first month of being considered Trump's legacy, also stock market hasn't been doing too good either
War will drive the market up.  We can never trust why Trump does anything.
hi watch Turkish violence in D.C. How they beat the Kurdish man and women in free world (US)
How much money do you have? 
...as long as we have judges that rule on the law, not make it from the bench. Democrats should be worried...crookedness will be over soon.

Like you
at least someone will be reponsible...when are DEMS EVER responsible?
In all honesty @SenWarren it's the Democrats who threw us working class Americans under the bus! @realDonaldTrump is pulling the bus off
Are you not one of the "moneyed few"?
So says one off the powerful moneyed that continually throws the working class under the bus...
Hillary Clinton is a sad sack who should have won this election because of her daughter Chelsea who is very smart.
@TheDemocrats threw 9M Americans under bus w/#FATCA.  Costs more than reaps, destroys lives, FAT CATS long gone.  Support @RandPaul repeal.
Many expats voted for GOP or abstained voting for democrats because real harm by #FATCA. And democrats don't acknoledge damage they caused!
please run for the highest office to restore it to its former glory. The current occupant sullies the world let alone the WH
Scalia was the ass hole who really started this horror show. Koch & Mercers just bought America. All the puppets are in place
don't think they care.
Same old Dem talking points. You all NOW care for working person after ignoring and mocking them during election? #HypocriteDeluxe
wonder if wade law will be over turned
Uh....
Check out this video on YouTube:
Hopefully we get judicial decisions based on law and the Constitution now for a refreshing change - separation of powers.
So Sad! #Gorsuch means Workers, Consumers, Environment, Health of my children, all lose. Dark day for #justice
Absolutely. Warren for President 2020
Absolutely!!!  And that will not happen as long as liberals are not on the court.  You lost, accept it. You voted against him 4 wrong reason
The 5 - 4 will protect the Constitution which you and Libs want to abolish.
Just like the Democrats are responsible every time an act of terrorism takes an American life in the irrational name of "inclusion".
You are confused yet again the last 8 years have thrown working Americans under the bus think we'd know more about that than you
6-3 soon, and actually follow the law not manufactured political soros machines. Your as big a fraud as they come fake pocahontas
They way you are throwing working women in your office under the bus by paying $.71 compared to men in your office $1 Equality matters!
Hear that? It's the sound of the world's smallest violin . Lol!
If follows the law, so be it. Judges are not supposed to tip things to the little guy. Supposed to follow the law! U even have a law degree?
Are you holding yourself for all of Obamas decisions?  how does this work?  You are a corrupt politician that must be removed
Powerful money few like you and your friends?
Great point. Not to worry tho, soon it'll be 6-3 decisions.
So please tell us where you got YOUR millions? Lying? No show jobs? One class at Harvard? Seems seedy to me. LIAR in every aspect of life

In my experience the GOP also smiles while favoring the powerful, moneyed few over everything and everyone else.
I don't believe you fall in the lower category. You keep moving your money while looking like a buffoon
@dburns7499 the problem is that Trump lied and ran an elitist hate campaign. Just because he used manipulation doesn't make him right.
Give it up liar
u r a #partisanhack #shutupLiz
LMFAO. Can't wait until Trump replaces a couple Liberal Justices like Ginsburg. The Constitution Isn't a living, breathing document...
...For Liberal judges to Legislate (make up things) from the bench...
You make me vomit
Stop LYIN, they will apply the law not take an activist position. Your just butt hut,, get over your own srupidity
you talk about the powerful moneyed few have you forgotten you're one of them?
WHAT!!!!  Bla bla bla
Don't forget the idiots at #BERNIEorBUST. They're EQUALLY responsible
Way better off with Trump!  I just  looked at my 401K woo-hoo!
You are so far out of touch with the average American it isn't even funny!
@TheDemocrats and you wouldn't know a working American if one came up and bit you in the ass.
How's it feel to be beaten at your own game.
..........and family values..............apparently not.........anymore
They'll blame Hillary or Obama - they own nothing.  It's never their fault.  I thought they were the party of personal responsibility..
Spoken like a true hypocrite!
Or what? We are OWNED by special interests. Sad!
you can start to try to make things right by paying your female staffers the same as the men
As a female conservative who voted for @realDonaldTrump and will again, PLEASE RUN IN AGAINST #TRUMP IN NEXT ELECTION!
lol thanks for the laugh
The Supreme Court should repeal the abortion act. Libby, you make me sick! 
Like you millionaire Senators.....??????
Why is everything gloom and doom?  All you know is obstruction politics and I find you extremely dangerous for America
Ohhh can't wait! What great group! 
Vote them out 2018 or suffer these exact consequences.  Soon 2 justices later tear up those gay marriage licenses. And those hangars too.
Princess Moonbat Lunacy in the house folks
It's not going to be 5-4 for very long, we will have at least 2 more SC appts. during President Trump's 1st term! 6-3,7-2 soon!
GOP will gladly be responsible for all of the great decisions coming from justices like Gorsuch. Liberal activist judges are anti-American!
If you hate liberals you sir, hate america!
Senator Warren, thank you for all you do!
What if the decisions help as they most likely will.
Now let's vote out the GOP & see how quickly they regret that 51-vote majority for the SCOTUS.
Yup.  2018 elections are more important than ever. As is reducing the straggle hold lobbyists have on Washington.
Why can't the Republic Party  be about the people instead of the rich. They forget without us there would be no them.
Hey how's that equity in pay working on your team
The Congress is responsible for the laws.  The Supreme Court just gives judgement. You, Congress, create the authority for what they judge.
Yes - Citizens United may eventually cost us our freedom - this turkey should never have been confirmed - resist
Citizens United brought Russian control of the White House. What horrors will be unleashed?
They're cool with that. Just as long as the checks keep coming.
Considering how the dems again took a licking last November, only a stupid democrat would not vote for Gorsuch.
Sickened
I think Congressional Dems are at fault. This SCJ should have never got a committee hearing. Filibuster is a weak campaign ad.
Harry Reid victory party long overdue. Such vision. Thank you !
Wrong !!!!!!   Harry Reid is responsible.......
They are happy to be, that is the problem. They are not representative of our country. Oligarchs dressed in US clothing clad with big holes.
@GOP doesn't care, it's up to us to educate them during the next elections
Same leftie scare tactics as always Beth.. nothing of substance.
that's what Obama and people like you did
No, Congress will be responsible. SCOTUS is there to interpret the law, not make it. Maybe if you all spent less time on Twitter?
the fact that you oppose a judge that has vowed to follow the constitution speaks volumes....
Look at his record.  Not what he says to get confirmed.  Consistently favors business over workers. Read cases.
Also $10 MILLION donated to run ads promoting his confirmation.  Who paid?  He refused to answer Congress.
Koch brothers?  Big business?  Who has that kind of money for ads?
proudly so...
Why don't you quit The Senate and become a house squaw
Ugh.  Stop. OI'll be ecstatic when I can punch someone, anyone else's name instead of yours. When is that election.........
2nd civil war may be on our horizon
Mitch McConnell has way "too much" power... No one in our gov't should have that much control.... i guess checks and balances are gone
Like the Democrats have been doing the last 8 years. My income is down, bills are up. You've done nothing for working Americans.
Feel like my Country is in Cardiac Arrest & no one can agree on who's going 2 start CPR. WH has autocratic ideation-not safe for either side
@Cmarianirosa Some of you seem to forget that it was Scalia's seat. Garland was never even an option.
no you are responsible along with Harry Reid Pelosi Durbin and Chuck Schumer your treasonous behavior will be your downfall
Harry Reid is responsible along with you Dick Durbin Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi your trees in his behaviors will be your undoing
And you are responsible for me thinking of u every time I watch "Dance with the Wolf". Blue eyes native, it must b ur granddaddy
If Scalia were alive, it would be the same position. Y'all are blinded by your own stupidity.
Hopefully you won't be able to kill babies anymore
You are an obstructionist and a joke. The Democrat party " Tim Kane" said you would have done the same thing and you know you would have
Can we not remember what happened to King Louis or Marie? Fancy: Trump is the Golden King of the Sun and Melania is Marie!
Shut up
The powerful, moneyed few such as yourself? The left is driving the bus. Working Americans are not in your favor. The welfare state is...
Call Harry and lookin the mirror to blame you dopes started this when u had the majority  hypocritical ass
Again- you think they have a problem with that?
like you, liar?
Sour grapes Sis ?
maybe ...but you are in large part to blame #SELLOUTWARREN
Obama threw working Americans OUT OF WORK and INTO the system! Democrats could care LESS about Americans! WORK with @POTUS quit OBSTRUCTING!
They were with Scalia and it didn't matter.  How is this different?
Not sure why you don't understand the GOP is ok with owning it. They've openly attacked working families forever, without shame #GOP
Trump tells the Russians who tell the Syrians. Sends 100 mill in missiles to empty airport. 24 mill lose health ins. Trumps #s in the bunker
Not to mention that airport was up and running 12 hours later
Of course Trump had to get permission from Putin first, that might have something to do with it too.
Says the millionaire who can't tell the difference between a Native American and a Caucasian.
Quit complaining and do something to benefit America.  You're an embarrassment to our Country.
They won't have control4 long. Theyre hemorrhaging supporters. I guarantee TrumPanze &Pence's fakepresidency will be thrown out.
You liberals are r responsible for every death in Syria since Obama failed to act with his redline in the sand. You are all frauds!
That's never stopped them before ::sigh::
Lol.   Thanks Harry Reid brah.
Says a woman who belongs to the powerful moneyed few
Disbar him!
omg you whine and whine and whine.
You still have no idea why you lost the WH, do you?
Sour grapes
I only wish more working Americans understood that.
The good news is you will have zero impact on anything for along time.
GOP left their conscience at home
Go back to Oklahoma.
While that will be true they won't care. Even the working class GOP hate their fellow workers. They hate mirrors.
"Powerful, moneyed few"... like you
Yeah, I don't think they care.
Ma'am, I have to say they don't give a damn. All up their alley, to the powerless' peril.
Judge Neil Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006. That means every democrat voted FOR him.
Because there were no appeals cases to review like there are now.  Read his decisions. Businesses over workers!
Soon it will be 6-3. We will own SCOTUS for 30 years... MINIMUM. YOU are 1 of the powerful money few. #PhonyLiberalHack
That's the bezt that you got?
I've enjoyed #trolling your #ignorance but you #bore me now. Good luck with the remainder of your #failed #tenure. #altleft #crazyladyprobs
You missed your chance by supporting HRC and not @SenSanders. A huge mistake and helped Trump to win.
Y'know, this is NOT how and what our country was founded upon.  This is a disgrace on the part of every republican.
