did you forget that YOU Dems controlled the Gov?? Lets talk about 15 mil you "earned" over the last 6 years? HOW?
Thank goodness. Better that than AIG.
Bailed them out, prosecuted no one. Your man Obama even put many of these crooks in his cabinet.
Wow - how long will this tweet be up? Small and mid sized banks got squashed..you've stumbled into the truth.
Grat argument for the effectiveness of big government
the small bank my wife works for had to merge with another bank largely due to the cost of regulatory compliance
Wait, you mean Dodd Frank failed? Gov't failed? Surely you gest.
Look up the worth of Elizabeth and you'll find she is a very rich women. Lies and scare tactics are the norm for democrats.
That's the result of Dodd-Frank, which you voted for.

Congrats.....
Do you think it might have something to do with the Democrats filibustering Bush's legislation to limit lending restrictions in 2005?
Funny how the regulations you pushed had the opposite of their "intended" results - well. It really if you had thought it through.
too big to give up the slush fund
Because of Dodd-Frank stifling small community banks, and tight lending by larger commercial banks.
Goofy Warren...
You are bigger too. Wampum still fit?
You didn't mind big banks at all when they were foreclosing on people so you could flip the houses, did you?
your a hypocrite and you are not fit to serve... I hope the voters of mass come to their senses and toss you out next election
All thanks to Dodd-Frank.
Ive been a small banker for 40 years...Dodd-Frank ruined every small bank in America. & Wall Street wants to keep it that way....
What did you and BO do to limit them?
They did the opposite
So you finally admit that you are the problem!!
If only the Democrats didn't rig the primary against the only candidate who wants to break up the big banks.
Right, under Obama the Democrat. 
Solution: NO more Democrats. 
Ever.
You were there the whole time
And what have you and your party done to correct this, Liawatha? 
Write "Pow Wow Chow"?
#BootTheShrew
derp
They have an inverse relationship with the growth of your economic knowledge.
I blew the whistle on mortgage fraud in 2006, fought for years & reached out to you for help, you ignored me. Why r you pretending to care?
You were not politically advantageous. She plays dirty politics, only what helps her
Apparently. I was a little gullible after reading her bio.
Democrat hero Barack Obama is cashing in for everything he did to help big banks. His first paid speech is for $400,000.00 from big banks
Let's get real, you're a liar fraud and you're not an American Indian #truth
Girl! You just indicted the eight years of Obama!
Well, why didn't you Dems DO something about it?
So...whose fault is it then exactly? Wow, you make it too easy
So you just admitted democrat policies toward banks are a failure...
or how about you guys took over Fannie and Freddie... made them profitable...and pillage the funds for government use..
For shame
Wow....almost like you just suggested that govt meddling in the markets can make problems worse (see also "Bubble, Housing")
Too big to fail corporations, are the big donators. that's why they're too big to lose
But Dodd/Frank managed to squeeze out small banks do to expense of compliance.
When your ilk were calling them, “too big to fail” we were SCREAMING, "NO THEY ARE NOT! let them fail!" but you're too stupid to see truth!
#Cluelessahontas
Yeah let's get http://real.You  Dems never look at the big picture.Y'all talk a big game but always make poor decisions.
It's never, ever your fault.
Democrats/Establishment Republicans aka DC Cartel's TARP added over $1Trillion+ dollars to http://USDebtClock.org  that was at $8.48Trillion
Democrats/Establishment Republicans aka DC Cartel declared that, NOT Constitutional-RuleOfLaw-OathOfOffice supporters who were against it
Damned Democrats have hurt the little guy-small community banks-credit unions favoring BIG CENTRALIZED Banks via Democrat bill Dodd-Frank
How are you worth $15 million on a salary of $174k...  asking for a friend
It's almost as if big government and big business go hand in hand
Dodd-Frank is too blame, and that's on you and the Democrats
That's because of the disaster that is Dodd-Frank! Sen. Warren why can't you see the irony
Gee you mean even after Dodd/Frank and 8 years of Obama they're still big? We should let you progs try more, right? Get real.
But, YOU DID BAIL THEM OUT.  WHY LIZ?  You get heap big campaign wampum?
Bill Clinton's admin pushed for a few big banks because "they would be easier to regulate".  Then the big banks contributed to to the  Fund
You do remember the bank bail out but now your attacking student loan banks. What a hypocrite just like a Democrat
Same time safe abortion pills.Hips/bums/breasts& manhood enlargement pills&creams,financial/join illuminate0733808289
Maybe you should have let them fail. Instead you killed capitalism. Nobody to blame but yourself.
Good job for the last 8 years. Sacajawea
Why were they "too big to fail", why did we "bail them out" & who gave the go ahead of spending taxpayers money for the bailout?
Do you think Dodd-Frank created a market where only the large could survive? Answer is evident.
Yea why
Elizabeth stop tweeting
Yep. No joke. And who was in control for the last 8 years????  Could you tell me??  Do you even know?
So are you saying that after 8 years of Obama and the far left agenda you guys decided to let that happen? Hypocrisy! Useless!

The Banks PAID BACK ALL THE MONEY @SenWarren !!! Just like Chevrolet did! Why don't you tell people that? The Govt made money off the banks!
Then y did u wait all time his time to complain
and to think it all started with HUD and Bill Clinton
A bailout will do that. What did you think would happen?
Didn't you support Dodd Frank? What did you think was going to happen?
That is the thing about excessive regulation, the biggest players are the only ones that can thrive and expand.
Problem is your laws and regulation only create more probs that you try to fix with more bad law and regulation. See what happens? Snowballs
Bailed them out?
Say it like it IS:with taxes collected from citizens,WE(the leaches in congress)rescued banks from disappearing
Obama tho
All this did was encourage more financial frippery. Tell bank CEOs and managers to continue to be irresponsible.
Maybe get rid of Dodd Frank that's supported by large banks to put smaller banks out of business
Do you own a mirror? The last 8yrs made it that way, you own it.
You realize everything you say we need has been caused by @TheDemocrats policies, right?
That's because the FED told JPM to take BS and WAMU..Wells Fargo to bailout Wachovia and BOA to bail out Merrill Lynch. What is your point?!
We should hope businesses grow although its hard with the stifling regations you people throw at them
Then it's obvious that this occurred during Obama's reign
I thought you and your BFF Obama fixed all that? Ooo yea I forgot you guys did NOTHING but weaken U.S. and put us in 20 TRILLION DEBT! 
Thanks to Bill Clinton. Bigger banks and bigger and fuller prisons due to his Neolithic reforms. You're too good to be a Democrat.
Yeh. Regulations really have not done the job.
True. Your baby, Dodd-Frank is a failure.
Thank you DemoKraks.....
Such a hypocrite!  You're the ultimate 1%er Pocahontas!
And from 2008 to 2016 who is responsible. Can you say obama.  Lol
What's your net worth as a public servant?
Yup, ur man Obama let them grow and grow.  1% is richer now too, thanks to you and your Dem buddies.  And of course your leader Obama
Democrats are the ones that bailed them out and gave them the power to Crush smaller Banks
Guess you own that, right Liz?
Just the way President Obama planned it out.
over 400 banks failed in usa under obama & new regs. YOUR policys grew the monsters then bemoan whats left is bigger. write better laws
.... really Liz???? After 8 yrs of Obummer??? How's that possible?
But let's get real now Senator Warren now we have something worse on our hands this stuff with Syria! A wartime president, sound familiar?
I am just sick over this absolutely disgusted and sick I knew this was going to happen! Read the North Woods project!
I thought that's the way you like it?
When will we the people get bailed out?
3/ @CaseyHinds @sarahkendzior at the very least pass legislation to stop Trump from using nuclear weapons. You need to address this now!
So true!
Should've bailed out the people whose lives they ruined instead & punished bank decision makers with removal of their wealth
Can't blame Democrats for that. Obama didn't prosecute a single banker.
Who was president when that happened?
scares me!! I don't know where to put $. Trust nothing in USA anymore
Is it possible to charter a Third Bank of the US (after Hamilton's and Madison's) to compete?
Yes, when you bailed them out with our tax money
We should have just paid off everyone's mortgage on their primary residence. Benefit would go straight to us, then passed to banks when paid
Thanks Obama
Thanx to you it just keeps on working . Just continue to vote no and your. Constituents with forever miss the American Dream.
Go sit on it lady. You are not supporting the constitution that you took and oath to abide by. That's Treason ma'am
And your king Obama did nothing
Obama should have had a few bankers thrown in prison . Might have stopped the attitude that nothing will happen. Just like Wells Fargo .
No one should worry, we will bail them out again.
You and the Regulators let them get that way!
I wonder why.
Do they pay women less, like you do
YOUR bank account is MUCH Bigger! Stop lying to America!
http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/otherdata.php?cid=N00033492&cycle=2014 …
Yeah your Barack Hussein Obama bailed them out!
When giving out you resume you shouldn't include too many of your abject failures.
Just because Trump knows about bankruptcies
doesn't mean he knows anything about banks
512 companies. 4 went bankrupt. Pretty good if you ask me
Smoking crack
In 2015, 7 yrs after Wallstreet was bailed out by the public purse, total bonuses for people on Wallstreet = 28.5 billion....
Total compensation for every person in the US working 40 hrs a week on minimum wage = 14 billion. Don't THAT speak volumes?
95% of the bailout went to Wallstreet and the American  people got kicked out of their homes. #freedom
Americans Have No Memory
That's exactly why I try not to do business with big banks. Credit Unions were not and are not involved in that mess.
Yes, GOP is against "entitlements" no $ for HC ,education or envir. But millions to bail out rich bankers / Wall St. frm reckless choices.
So why did "we" bail them out to begin with? DO something about it then snowflake. You're as bad as Trump. Stop tweeting and DO something.
Senator Warren tried very hard to do something back then...the first time I ever heard her speak, she was raising hell about the big banks.
Um. News flash don't bail them out next time. Let's ALL start from scratch next time.
Maybe we should not have bailed them out. They did not do the same for their homeowners.
That's why you have no business in government
only ones to blame are yourselves.
And who has been President for 8 years!?
And who's fault is that? Trump?
Right- so You really can't be trusted to fix this now. #HotAir  #TalksBigDoesntDeliver
Greed begets Greed

They've effectively socialized loss; they have no real incentive to change.
No more bailouts.  I agreed with the first one.
Where do you keep all ur $$$. #liar #fakeIndian#woowoowoo
Banks like @WellsFargo that have been sued multiple times for unethical actions should never receive anything from tax payers. They owe us!!
It's funny that tax payers bail out banks but when people are down on their luck, the banks are the last ones that will ever help you.
And save for the last three months, Obama was president, this you democrats own that issue.
Blame that on Trump too
Less competition and the desire of the public to protect their funds made this sadly inevitable w/o gov't breaking up the banks.
That's how the system is set up to work; it needs fixing & until you do that, we will be here forever.
Let them fail. Show America that #Dems bailed them out before and to go with safer credit unions. Or have a blacklist of banks.
Admission that #DoddFrank was pointless regulation???  If I didn't know better, I'd think you were a DINO!  #DemInNameOnly  #YeahRight
Liquidating all my  investments. Good and bonds. Both going through that again.
PLEASE stay focused on transparent complete #trumprussia investigation.   Too many #trumpcrises
Repeal Riegle-Neal next.
God help us, the damn house is on fire and u want us to talk about a match that's burning
Yeah?  We wont allow you to get too big, too.  As when you go down, fooled people of your kind will hurt.
Let them stay failed. Let new Americans rebuild. We can't keep giving the 1% more money. The people need to know what it means to vote #GOP.
Yes and you were behind that and your GF Hillary
Please stay focused on the Russian investigation!

Thanks to Democrats and Dodd/Frank.  You built that.
You delusional woman, you were taking money from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to fund Obamacare! #TheFive
Elizabeth we are in great danger of Trump bombing the nuclear reactors of Korea, we need to know how bad nuclear fallout will be.
