Be very afraid. MI (DeVos country) GOP pushed a right to fire at will with no recourse, to diminish Union power. Wake up folks! Evil lurks!
They can fire at will. If they are not controlling financials, fire long time employee with a good salary, and hire a minimum wager.
I respect your thoughts
Union's do many times "save" jobs of those that they shouldn't. In Michigan they changed the rules and Union or not, they can fire at will
Imagine not seeing it coming. Let go. Financially burdened. Unable to get another job cuz your older than those. It's really scary.
Good!!!
Please tell me how this is good. Smh
Look at all of the Dem run cities where unions decimated manufacturing...Detroit, Pittsburgh, Allentown, etc.
u can’t put that on unions. Outsourcing major factor. Top 10% owns 70% of wealth in US. We need to pay workers livable wage plus ins safety
Because wages went up while work performance went down...Top 10% also pay 70% of total tax collected by the IRS
We are at highest levels of wealth inequalities this country has ever seen and you are rooting for the fat cats?
That’s BS...and no one ever got a job from a poor person.
It’s not BS. Do you watch anything besides Fox? Read anything ever? CEO pay has risen astronomically compared to workers in last 50 years.
When all the people celebrating this are serfs to the Kochs, we'll help with food, etc.
#MutualAid
Dupe?
Or just a #trailerparktroll?
No the GOP does.
As do their "Dog Whistled" followers in the mobile estates, etc.
Try listening to @democracynow, etc
Unions R bullies and controlling! #scotus
provide evidence please.  If management and labor are bargaining collaboratively to "get to yes", it is a win-win for both. No bullying
I worked in management with a unionized workforce & unions acted like comm. organizers, bully is a mild term, try hateful & disrespectful!
So sorry.  I feel when Management and Labor cannot hear each other and find common ground, then a change needs to occur on both sides!
That's the problem, I tried & you know what? They gave me the finger literally. They're nasty! 32 years of it was enough! Union 1199 CT

Problem with Unions is that there not teaching how they came to be! People don't realize how hard it was too make a living wage!
People actually were killed trying to organize! Companies hired people to destroy picket lines, go after peoples families! Unions are needed
Unions were needed.  Now many are worse than the corporations
Bold Statement! Qualify it ?
Did I stump you Eric? Sorry, but Unions don't do much for the American worker besides protect the members that are bad workers.
Senator, the opposition is playing the public like an infomercial customer. Using every decietful trick of wording imaginable.[more]>>
That's what the Democrats do, it's call obstructionism.
Not when its the wrong direction. Not when it is blatent lies being told by Trump and the other republican corporate puppets.
Right.  It's always the GOP and Trump that lies, nobody else.  Right
Get the facts, call it fake ? "thats illogical"
In this case.. IT IS TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICANS.. YEP.
..get some facts, read a book
Unions are extortionists

Shameful
They should be put out of business;their leaders are too busy lining their pockets
Pocahontas should go back on your reservation;1/32nd Indian what a phony!
If unions are so great and so good for workers why was I forced to join a union at my job
No one forced you or anyone else to join the union. Stop misrepresenting the facts.  Workers have the right not to join the union - period.
Disgusting
I've been a union worker my whole life.  They fought for wages, insurance, and stood up to unfair practices.
One day, Elizabeth Warren, you'll learn that you were on the wrong side of history all along.
#misinformed #partisan #news #realdonaldtrump
Go back to Russia.
I really wonder if the #BernieOrBust or #DemExit crowd considered the courts.
As for vhat to do, contact the local @DemSocialists?
Let's hope they do, then maybe our schools won't suck.
Challenge it’s constitutionality.
Go get 'em Senator Warren!!!!
Gov't workers; I mean servants, work for We the People - not them the unions. Servants should not be allowed to be part of a union.
Servants report to We the People, not to unions
This has been in the works since Reagan.
best news of the day!!
SuzieQ, your name says it all.
why are those on the left, always so unpleasant?
Because those on the "right" try so hard to be evil.
The people who think it's good for this happen should be careful what they wish for.
The Federal work force might have to start working if they do
Elections matter. Unions matter. If unions weren't doing good special interests wouldn't be destroying us.
100% membership-it will only make us stronger.
Oh they will try but we are getting ready for them this time!
About time!
Terrible. After the 4-4 decision last year, I had hoped voters would consider the SCOTUS seat more seriously on election day.
Good. Public sector unions are corrupt and bad for the taxpayer.
Corporation lobbyists are bad for the taxpayer!
Is it cold in Russia yet?
Trump likes Russia.
Ahh the old go-to "Russia" reference #original
FDR warned against public service unions. He was so right!
The Unions only protect the employees that need to be fired for poor job performance. 
Unions were great in the 40's, 50's, 60's and, 70's. Now they take your dues and don't do Jack. Ask the UAW workers at GMAD Norwood, OH. The UAW didn't save their jobs when the plant closed in Ohio. Union time is over...
Excellent!
Boo. Bad move
Excellent News!
Regardless of the founders good intentions, the time has come to impose term limits on SCOTUS and CONGRESS.
Know I get it Make Americans Grovel Again good 4 u trumptards after they take your pay & benefits away they 'll cut food stamps suckers

Fight the good fight Mrs. Warren!
Traveling temp Journeyman Craftsmen need unions .
Not people with permanent employment.
Especially cops, fire, nurse, teacher, government
Se. Warren! What about Equafax? Are you looking into that?
Sounds go to me!
The union worker's I've talked to think it's good. But I could see were a politician wouldn't like it. Less  lobbyists #worktogether
Dem policy of NAFTA and the New World Order did that over last 25yrs.
THIS WILL BE THE GEM IN MITCH MCCONNELL'S CROWN HE'S BEEN SEEKING FOR SO LONG - DELIVERED VIA THAT PIG NEIL GORSUCH.  ANTI-HUMAN.
I sure hope so. Americans tax payers cannot afford to pay public employees 1@1/2 times + benefits what they would make in private jobs .
My question is: Is that the tip of the iceberg?...
Public sector unions are evil. They got to go.
Do you refute the NFL for insulting the flag snd america ?
Good Lord, one things worse than the next. GOP aiming toward a feudalist society.
The unions brought this on by years of not really looking after its members
About time!
Elizabeth you don't know what you're talking about
A women with. Foul mouth. Another disgrace to the Democratic party.
Public sector unions shouldn't have ever been allowed even FDR opposed it from the start
Then perhaps you all should get busy and craft legislation giving all workers bargaining rights. Sadly, donors will squash it.
Many of those union members voted for *45 because they believed he would help them yet knowing differently they'll continue to support him.
Senator, we are on the verge of taking to the streets. Is our hesitation wise or foolish? Is there anything good to wait for?
Good
Wow
This is one sick woman
 great news! Unions haven’t helped workers in decades! Take your dues...select few benefit and lock arms with management! Been there!
Good. Public Sector Unions are a bad idea. Perhaps good cops would turn in the rogue cops if there weren't that union mentality.
Good. Time to get rid of the 4 level of gov.
Which in turn is a blow to the Democrats, which is in turn a blow to you #Pocahontas.
And to you as well@ you just don't realize it yet.
Democrats depend on union $$$ that employees are forced to pay.  Needs to be voluntary.
That's a good thing.  Hit 'em hard!
Respectfully I think ur concerned with unions because they fill help ur parties reelection coffers as well as cronie capitalists donors too
GOOD.....they need to be brought back into order so as not to continue bleeding the taxpayers of this country....
Soon it will be the gays. Very worried about Sheriff Moore from Alabama  Worse then George Wallace.
There goes your meal ticket!
We can only pray that they do so.
Supporting those who bought your vote...
History will remember the damage of the stolen supreme court more than anything from these troubled times.
It wasnt stolen! That's the price the president pays when he is not in the senates good graces. That's how our constitutional republic works
Thank goodness for Neil Gorsuch.... working for the common man... we need more like him...
Pocahontas major supporters are unions... she's just paying back their support...
And there goes another group of middle income taxpayers, onto the path to poverty.
Omgoodness don't you ever rest? Thank you tremendously for forging onwards!
There've been efforts to control political contributions/ deductions by public employees. Just makes it easier to try & stop the donations.
If only that could be true
@David_Feldman_ @BrettschneiderC Maybe you guys can touch on this next week?

Good unions have drove just about every job overseas due to high wages = high manufacturing cost
This started in the Obama administration. Obama is to all AMERCIA'S UNION as Trump is to be PRESIDENT a DISAPPOINTMENT.
And it will get worse!! A whole generation's fight for civil rights and other constitutional issues wiped out.
Well, at least the Democrats won't screw us, right?
What ever happened to working with the cross divide? #negativenancy
Well shit.
YES!!! No pubic employe should b union!!!
About time!! Public sector unions should not exist.
Yea!
Do something that calls for having a brain
Good you lying liberals have had your destructive ways long enough. Now we finally put this country on the right path Dems took us off of
Hmm.. why don't you like anything the GOP does? Cause your a vote baiting Democratic establishment?
It's about time.
Let’s give everyone a raise and send all the union leader’s to Florida they need a vacation
Nice attempt to criticize SCOTUS while hiding - coward. You are all for the courts until they rule against your partisan interest. Sorry 
Good, get rid of the unions
U just hate everything that will make America great. Dems just want people to be miserable and poor so they can always stay in office
Why don't you investigate Hillary Clinton for all her lost emails that we're found that had classified documents
Stop lying

Democracy has been stolen
How is the seat stolen when the senate has the power to not hold a hearing. It's called checks & balances man c'mon.
Public sector unions just give themselves an infair advantage against the electorate
No!!!!!
Whew! Thank goodness. Now maybe the cream can truly rise to the top.
Elections have consequences. I think this is one of a few good ones. JMHO
These people will continue to get all the benefits of the Union. They gladly except healthcare and pay the Unions got them. They're gross.
Corrupt politicians a dime a dozen
Too bad you senators let Mitch McConnell have his way with Obama's nominee.
What where they supposed to do???? It's the senates call not the president.
Good... they are killing us
Wow
About time. Tired of no fire public sector easy ride on taxpayers dime
They must secure the Oligarchs. Their can be no way for middle class workers to share the wealth and profits generated. Slaves?
good. there should not be unions for people who are able to vote for the people they will be bargaining with.
Hahahahahahahahaha
Good
Yes!!!!!  U do remember Liz that FDR fiercely opposed the concept of govt unions.
And you too...
Your racked! Way to ignite the fire pochy! Nothing but gossip mongering!
Your grammar and spelling peg you as aTrump U alum.
Good their half the reason companies send their job's out of U.S.!
We don't need unions. You are a liar Pocahontas



How horrible
#VoteHerOut
THANK GOD TRUMP AND KILLARY FOR BEING A SHITTY HUMAN BEING
Good!
God r you DemoRats ever going to realize  that you all don't get up early enough to blow smoke up a conservatives rear end.
Republicans don't like unions? Since when? #sarcasm
I hope you go on the warpath to stop this injustice to our peoples. Republicans think this a game, counting coup & laughing in their lodges.
So you think justice is not blind but prejudiced. Using that reasoning a Dem court would be to. That must be why schumer planned no vote
If you can't outlaw them, just cut off their access to funds!
Let's hope so. Even FDR viewed public sector unions as unthinkable.
Public sector unions are breaking our governments with unfunded pension liabilities.
There is absolutely nothing SUPREME about this SOTUS
#Gorsuch is as #illegitimate as #Trump
Awwwww
There's a difference between public sector unions and private sector. Companies pay employees thru profit. Govts pay through taxes.
Unions helped to create the middle class. This unnecessary attack can only hurt the economy.
Your such a lair
Excellent
Where was your outrage when Hillary got the debate questions and didn't tell anyone? Or when she deleted 6000 emails #hypocrite
GOOD
Why don't you try to save the millions of aborted babies. Stop the availability of the abortion pill. If you have compassion show it
Awesome.  No more local governments caving to these thugs.
Good unions are no longer needed.
Good for US! 
One should never be forced to pay union fees: period.
If the survival of public sector unions is dependent on the lack of an opt-in clause, then they must not be as valuable as some believe
Public sector unions have backrupt American cities and are out of touch with the marketplace
I'd like to knock you out @SenWarren Right out of office!!!
About time. Sufficient tort law and thousands of lawyers stand ready to sue any "injustice" real or imagined. We're not all stupid.
Way past time! How can any business or govt. function if you can't fire slackers? Pocahontas just wants the votes! MAGA
Wow! You are about a penny short of having good cents!

Dumb Americans voted for them,  they make their bed they lie in it.
Glady.
Must be blocked
Unions, would never negotiate a term that's in the best interest of We the People, therefore they most be blocked to represent servants.
And so what? Your corrupt and inept Trump is the patriot?
"Unions under attack by Republican SupremeCourt"
 " Lying @realDonaldTrump wants to shut down unions and hurt workers to help his BizFriends
Notice she said public sector unions. Public sector unions are the reason the CA gvt is billions of $s in debt.
Thank God!!
Good they are nothing but a pain in the ass!  Waste of members money, and run by the mob!
You disagree with FDR's warnings about public sector unions? https://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2011/02/18/the-first-blow-against-public-employees/fdr-warned-us-about-public-sector-unions …
Public sector unions are bad for American. Too damned costly.
What’s wrong with that???
Don't worry, your union will protect you because you're a "doubly," (made up word) protected class.. ( woman and Indian )
One can hope 
That would be nice. Even FDR opposed them
Good for them.
It's just one terrible law, policy, politician after another eroding our civil rights. 
Your civil rights were under attack for 8 years under the Snake Obama. Be thankful you now have someone willing to clean up his garbage
