Let’s honor those who sacrificed for our country by strengthening our promises to servicemembers & their families.
Oh, you mean rather than spitting on them like you freaks did when they came back from Viet Nam.  I remember it well.  Lots of friends lost
Jeez! Talk about generalizing back in the old time machine! Any liberals you want to blame for the crucifixion?
Yeah, right the problem with most of those under 50 is the lack of history.  It's pathetic that liberals like Warren support communist ideas
Are u really down w/UNSTABLE trump being so cozy w/Russians & Putin? Our CONSTITUTION means something to me even if it means nothing to u!
From what? USA was recovering fr Bush recession. USA was admired in world. Now we're the laughingstock. Is racist expression that imp to u?
Ha ha! Hilarious that u put great stock in Egyptian TV. Still laughing.
The Democratic Party has destroyed public education, energy independence, our health care, late night T.V., the NFL, and race relations.
What,have you done for them lately oh i know NOTHING !!!
Trump is cutting programs for vets. While O
While cutting the budgets on other programs that serve vets and their families.
During your time in office, Demwits have cut military 50% though they are only 20% of budget! Support Presidents budget to raise defense !
We owe everyone an opportunity for quality education, affordable health care and housing....if they need help we should provide it
Key word Tim, HELP.  Not FREE  And if you borrow money for education, be prepared to pay it back.  And for the record ACA is not affordable
Those who do what they can are ok w/me. Those that won't aren't. Ed loans.totally agree..ACA is an improvement, hamstrung during leg process
Good you can start by ending your assault on 2A  .....shall NOT BE INFRINGED!!
Trump need to show his taxes
I hope you shame the next time Democrat Senators so through the pledge of allegiance. 2009....
Never had that with democrats in charge, maybe now with Trump that will change
Like you care about our Military. NOT!!!!!
You don't care about our service members. Stop acting like you do. It won't get you any additional votes.
Don't even pretend you care.
Did this really come out of your mouth?  WTF.  You need to pick a position and stick to it.  You never supported VETs under Zerobama
Lets bring them all home from 175 countries and stop the insanity.
You are a fraud, liar, and the worst Senator in our country. You are an embarrassment to our veterans and military. No one likes you at all.

Seth Rich Assassination Timeline. The Truth WILL suffice. #SethRich #Lockherup #KimDotCom #Wikileaks 
Thanking all Veterans! You all are greatly appreciated!
If you want us to get better jobs get out of the way and let people like Trump create them.  Or lower the business tax rate so we can.
8 yrs with Obama, and veteran suicide, PTSD, homeless up. Shame.
Its good mother
So happy Trump is making America Strong Again, he will give them the money and tools to succeed.  Amen
Don't mind me as I sell their children into debt slavery to Chinese bankers to buy votes and resell power.
Thank you  from my husband and family
We already have the most powerful and costly military in the world. Let's give our service members all the best.
2018 close  ya every yet
Freedom actually now gooo go kick out
How?


Don't you mean encouraging your minions to burn the flag? You Democrats don't give a damn about America.
Everybody knows you're a phony Liz.
Again you are all TALK and no action...
Poca, somehow think strengthening ur promise means taking more taxpayer's money. Want to strengthen ur promise? Use ur own funds.
We actually owe them peace.
had gotten killed would she make the same dumb ass remaek then??? What goes around Hillary comes around!!!!  Karma always wins!
remark, "what difference at this time does that make?" Well Liz, tell your friend to think about like this: what if it was her daughter that
people, lie to the FBI!  One thign that turns my stomach is when that women was talking about Benghazi, when 4 of our men were killed, her
were broken!  Lets see if our POTUS would destroy evidence by takeing a hammer tothat evidence, erse emails, lie to Congress & the American
happens!  I think we American People should call for an investigation to be reopened & that Hillary Clinton be jailed for fo many laws that
Clinton is her buddy, that is another women who should be in jail for a long time,but of course she got by with it or did she lets see what
believe that is cheating lying & stealing!!! I sure whe was taught by the best though Hillary Clinton they say birds of a feather!!! Hillary
since they are all made up anyway!  Thre are those who have broken the law such as Ms Waren by lying to recieve money to go to college, I
Ms Waren was on the news today speaking about our POTUS saying he is not above the law I didnt hear what law she said he broke this time
when you had the chance!!!  As a matter of fact money was not used for our servicemen & women they did not respect Obama either of course
then why didnt your Pres Obama do any of that while he was in office!  You know you dems have all these ideas & not one of those were used
You got it Pocahontas.
Maybe this time Lizzy you will actually vote to support our Veterans! Not like you have done in the past !
I served 8 years in Natl Guard & Army Reserve, yet received nothing, as it's not considered a 'veteran.' Others out @180 days, full benefits
I have a better idea, how about we just stop the wars altogether.  I think that would work out a little better.
We owe veterans politicians that have enough character not to lie about their heritage..that look away at lib corruption. clean ur own house
That is what President Trump is doing; Dems ALWAYS cut defense.
Cause your defense budget is laughably, idiotically bloated.
You are the guy that runs down cops until you are assaulted and then cries when they don't show up in a minute. Grow up.
How's the Parkinson's treating you, @SenWarren ?
you can start by honoring the promises you've already made

You had your chance w/Obama. Did nothing to help them. #hypocrite
You and your corrupt party do not give a flip about our soldiers. Go suck an egg.  Not one word about ANTIFA attacks.  U R A TRAITOR MARXIST
I need funds. Trump is forcing me to get a job & I need funds to purchase a car. Please help me. I've never had to worry about a job before
And by ending our senseless wars?
You don't care about them or anyone, just those who do what u say. How much is a loaf of bread? Socialist elitist radical hypocrite
All the smart Americans know Democrats Do Not care about veterans. #Phony @DNC #MemorialDay
Family full of veterans that are Democrats that help all veterans UNITED WE STAND! Thank you Senator Warren!
Why are you always shaking Pocahontas? Liar! Cheat! Co-opted a Race! #Arlington #jfk100 #trumptrain #sethrich #obamagate #Tiger #LockHerUP
You are so right!  This women was on the news today talking about how our POTUS is not above the law for some other made up crap they have

We owe them everything, Honor, Gratitude, Respect, and Support.for their families and for the men and women who have served ! Thank You.
A transparent political tweet.
Individuals released from prison receive more credit (academic and otherwise) than do former men & women leaving service to US.
Your Obama administration failed them
and make champagne popsicles...that is ivanka trump's idea to honor them...marie antionette just got bested...
Most of those sacrifices were at the hands of politicians. The planned budget cuts to military families is just one example. Stop it.
How about you run in '20? I would be proud to vote & GOTV for you!
Like health care at the VA?
ABC says that almost 2 million US veterans lack health insurance.
I tried to put all my cynicism aside for the sake of the day, but it was hard listening to trumps speech. I'm going to start drinking now
Good to learn that you support POTUS in his effort to strengthen our military after 8 years of neglect & disrespect by his predecessor.
Let's honor those that are fighting terrorist overseas by being stupid enough to let terrorist through our refugees program w/o, vetting
Don't "strengthen promises", that's campaigners do.  Instead, make and keep them in support of our service members like @realDonaldTrump !
Wow. We actually agree on something.
Don't like funerals, marriages okay.
Don't worship flags either.
Especially false flags.
The 3 Portland heroes should be awarded the Congressional Gold Medal (highest civilian honor). Retweet, and copy your Congressperson.
Nope...that's like giving everyone a trophy or putting all presidents in Rushmore. It diminishes the original intent.
Are you sure you'll go through with it if the Republicans agree?
