you are just a Democratic plantation runner and while in mass helped out the big wigs who donated to your campaign no words
just like you try to impress your liberal buddies on how to pass as a minority and spread lies
How is it that 3 great Americans, Yates-Baraha- Comey get fired from important jobs and Ruskies end up getting intel in the OVAL OFFICE?
Give us a break
All bo yes men doing his evil bidding
Like the government
More Americans need to speak up against Trumps and his many lies.
What is it going to take to get him removed from office??!?!?
Probably his death, which I don't wish for him, but I'd like him to gracefully, or not so gracefully, leave office.  Melania misses him. LOL
Doubt that!!that's why she stay in New York @ a cost to taxpayers of 140,000 daily disgraceful!
What can we do about it? He fans don't care, and we're not gonna change their minds. Why waste the time bitching about what we can't fix?
Do something about it he guity of treason and all I am hearing is talking with no one doing jack shit
so where were you when Hillary sold uranium rights to the Russians and accepted money from them and Wall Street no words from you
Well apparently it does because the GOP won't step up.
And theDnc stepped all over the constitution
This reminds me of when he wanted to impress Billy bush but now it's America's security he's talking about Not woman's genitals.45, pitiful
Get real ,open your eyes. °°°!!!@!!!!!
Shoddop. You're unworthy of Putin and his country.
Sounds like Hillary
Omg. I'm so sorry @SenWarren!! I thought all along you were Janet Reno.  Sorry for the mix up. @srkeller1992
Where was the outrage when @POTUS44  have Putin the codes to Europe's missile defense system. #democrattraitor
He has to be stopped
It is so sad that the Republicans  think more of their party than they do their country.  If this was Hillary it would already be over!
Trump has placed us all in danager because now our allays don't trust him to keep his mouth shut these is really bad
still no proof of a russian connection eh?
What friend will now trust sensitive data n US care? How will institutions hv any faith n the US? How many ppl wil die? Dead Soldiers Matter
To him it does. He's thinking of big Russian bucks when he's out of office, but they would stomp him like a bug if it benefits them
Who killed Seth Rich?
wipe your mouth you're drooling
where were you in mass when minorities were spread around mass like cattle for towns to make money off of them no words
where were you when Hillary broke laws and covered them up and lied about them or when she went to bury a KKK member, no words
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Red Don would sell his children if it meant a better deal for Trump (con)industry.
He's a criminal. Impeach Ryan first. Then the watch.
You think he cares about that? He's DONALD TRUMP!
At least his not trying to impress u Pocahontas shutup ur not pure,check ur sourcemaybe his tying to impress the native Indians too dah
Nasty woman
The Toddler-in-Chief must go!
Did #SecretaryOfState #Clinton keep #Americans & our allies safe as #ClintonFoundation rec'd MILLIONS in #bribes from #Russia 4 #US uranium?
Oh what a load of horse crap, Liz. Anyone can see it was the CIA and Seth Rich
responsible for DNC leak and propaganda of Russian hacking...
What did you do when Hilary leaked classified info for 2 years. Nothing is the answer. You just let it happen hypocrit
put your head back in the sand.
You're being rational!  Have you forgotten what we're dealing with?
This from dems who chickened out allowing 500,000 Syrians to die and 5 million refugees to Europe destabilizing Europe
Hell yeah!
Private server
So how come I have not seen you all over the media every day condemning Trump.  Who is leading the movement and who will unify moderates?
And u have done nothing to help solve the problem but run your mouth no solutions ever from u just criticism of others as usual such a waste
That's all he was doing - but the problem is he didn't even know where he got his information!!!
