A fake Indian who scammed Harvard to get a $350K per year teaching position is lecturing us on ethics.......
are you saying she lied?   The GOP is not gutting the ethics committee?
Now you want to get Ethical? Seemed to ignore all rules of ethics when Bernie got Cornholed.

Wasn't a deflection, just facts. Ethics is only good when the finger is pointing away.
What an interesting thing to say. Have to think on that, "Ethics is only good when the finger is pointing away."
Notice Liberals love pointing fingers the moment it fits their narrative while turning a blind eye to their own system abuse.
Now who is pointing his ? You realize I have exactly the same opinion of you? Which one of us has had to believe a lie?
YOU DO NOT ROLL BACK OVERSIGHT UNLESS YOU ARE PLANNING TO DO SOME SERIOUSLY SHADY STUFF!
pretty sure they already have done some super shady stuff
yeah... it didnt have enuf teeth. Can you just imagine how much worse it will all get?!  Kiss democracy goodbye.
It's been kissed for the last 16 years.
So  you don't care if member commits a crime?
As far as I'm concerned, a new system is needed. the original did nothing noteworthy
Well love, it's like this. You just gave them a Black Amex and billed it to your house. Enjoy your 
When Congressional Oversight cannot see valid documents, what does an Independent get to see?
Obviously the current rules don't work, especially with the DNC.
DNC is not goverepned by Congressional rules.
So rules only apply when it suits your needs? It's getting an overhaul and you scream foul..
@gruber @GOP - whatever We have in place is not working- why not change-
The Office of Congressional Ethics was working. Uncovered this:
- any government that allows foreign governments to contribute millions to campaigns
Julie the GOP are the ones that gutted the limits on campaign donations.
- Washington is a cesspool- including Obama- Democrats caught in 2016
please do something with Trump
You and @CoryBooker need to start thinking about a POTUS run in 2020  That is a ticket I would love to support.
Oh god no
That any Trump supporter would call on God is laughable.
I believe it's the rules Washington imposes on the people that they themselves don't have to follow
And the Trumpanzies just happy that it pisses us off. Don't care that they'll get burned 2. What a sad sad time.
Another nut job.
Please explain how this is legal? #NotOK
@jrojasmd @GOP
Putin and Trump.
the majority chose someone else. Never forget that.
- show some class- California not a majority it's one state-

- why is the fact that Clinton had more votes in California important to a entire nation?
next time you and your friends want to order food, take a vote and choose the one with the least amount of votes.
impeach this man now.
um, I believe they may be creating working room Senator
I do!
Only cowards and people who have things to hide would do such a thing.
You do realize that #pizzagate is a lie, and by tweeting it, you make yourself sound like a nut.
True, but your own conspiracy theories are pretty amusing too.
@Kyvetteleigh @GOP I fear the answer will make us all the madder and a whole lot sadder.
I do. Because with this office and many others, it hasn't work. #coverup
thank you Senator Warren for raising this question and for pursuing an answer.  I am deeply concerned by this development.
Elizabeth Warren Did Not Disclose $1.3 Million Credit Line
NOW postures about ethics
#draintheswamp

http://dailycaller.com/2015/05/20/report-elizabeth-warren-did-not-disclose-1-3-million-credit-line-from-bank-of-america/ …

@SenWarren
Let's find out about the insider trading exposed by the DNC LEAKS.
here is what I need don't tell me what is wrong with him. I know what is wrong I need you to tell me,how we are going to stop him
get better candidates that appeal to family values.
I agree
and yet you break them all!!
-- @HouseGOP clearing the runway for @SpeakerRyan and @Trump to steal everything --
You tell them Elizabeth!  Stand up and speak up!
I'm so appalled. And Frightened!!
thank you senator warren. We are counting on your honest and ethical leadership in the face of the shame of trump
What can we do to stop it??
Had the chance in Nov so wait for 2018 midterms
That is just the most depressing realization.
America deserves what it's getting voters were reluctant to get info instead fell for lying smears

your blatant attempt at misdirection doesn't in any way detract from the Senator's original statement.

RIGHTTTT.  The regs are there to make sure Gov't is ETHICAL.  Funny stuff
so little sense of your own history. Here's a name: Jack Abramoff. That's why you have "regs".
Trump swooped in & saved the day. He wants dirty Dems held accountable.
Trump doesn't give a shit about Party. He wants dirty politicians OUT!!!
The US government has too many rules period. It's called regulatory burden and crushes business. Trump!
.@SenWarren there is no way this fascist @GOP House would ever admonish or impeach Trump no matter the facts. Birds of a feather.
Lizzy your right about not enough ethics rules in government. Yes, Hillary Clinton walked free after committing her crimes.
apparently none of those rules stopped Hillary Clinton from acting ethically. Oh I get it…ethics applies only to the right
Particularly so that such offices that oversee ethics must be gutted quietly, by the GOP, and without notice to Democrats.
@Alyssa_Milano @GOP Ever seen the crime shows when bad "hombres" keep diverting police fm looking @ them? #SmokeScreens
Who places traitors from #Chicago in #DC? YOU! I demand Answers from YOU, Nancy and @SenSchumer NOW! #Tatiana
did. you. just. hashtag your own name?
these fools are digging there own graves by doing this
I wish that were completely true. Unfortunately, they have a few states that will continually vote them in.
true some will never learn no matter what
Here's some names: Pelosi, Reid, Obama & YOU @SenWarren w @GOP created beard ethics rule STOCK Act, later gutted it in 14sec unanimously
@AR_Schip @GOP it's back in place. What are you bitching about?  #maga
do you mean there are too many regulations?
you do have too many rules that no one follows including you. Washington is full of bloviating self-serving idiots
no one on the side of country.  The GOP are and have been a mixed bag of nuts, in effort to further devide the country.
Too late, they cancelled it already. Fifteen yard penalty for piling on and a late hit!
I think you should start acting more like Joe Manchin. Let's work TOGETHER and make this the beautiful united country we know it can be
@GavinNewsom @GOP make any money from insider trades lately Senator?
draining the swamp..  of ethics.
are you for or against?
what sort of person is anti-ethics?
the Office of Congressional Ethics is the first ever independent body overseeing the ethics of the House of Representatives.
This guy.
@AnglerArcher @GOP Sen Warren... You are ONE of the reasons we ended up with trump. 
It was sarcasm.
I know!
Are they afraid we'll see Putin's puppet strings?
Too late!
We see them, but I'm pretty sure his supporters don't. And they probably never will. 
EXACTLY - It speaks volumes that the first thing the GOP want to do with the New Year is to muddy the swamp even further.

Rules or not. For the job you are sworn to do, we expect ethical and intelligent conduct. Need to be ethical to start with
Dear @SenWarren Due respect, but I think the @GOP has conditioned their base to shriek in agreement the second they hear "too many rules."
Good question. I want an answer. Oh, wait: The @GOP doesn't answer to "We, The People". 

They answer to their corporate pimps.
@Fear_NoScience @GOP
The problem is that gov doesn't follow those rules as there is no enforcement. Sad.
Maybe less tweeting, more raising holy Hell on the Senate floor? Thanks. 
They've done that a lot.

Just gets ignored or Republicans cut c-span cameras.

Let's just blame the Dems!
Trump has been interfering with president business and no one is being charged with breaking the Logan law?
Probable impeachment #conflictofinterest #Dubai partner @ other business #DNC #RussiaHacking cover up similar to #Watergate
I can't wait for @iamjohnoliver's take on this matter when @LastWeekTonight returns next month.
The only ones who want "smaller government" are the crooks and the ones who forgot that the government is of the people.
Amen!
That's rich coming from you. Look in the mirror..look at Obama..clean your own house.
@SenSanders just b/c the office of ethics is gone does NOT mean ethics are  - do your jobs as leaders an make sure of it! Thanks!
@DebraMessing @GOP 
Sen. Warren, you suddenly care about ethics?? The Dems ethical? LOL  
Keep up the good show, it's funny!
probably jack abramoff.
Based on how the democratic party tried to rig the primaries and cheat the debates, the rules weren't worth much.
we the people!Didn't Nov08 teach you a lesson? Are u really this thick headed? We want our leaders to care about US 4 change
the right, of course
the corrupters! they have no shame in showing the country that they will be corrupt in front of our faces!
Recall Elections are needed for all those who voted for this action, and travesty to DEMOCRACY. Republicans are NOT-AMERICAN
I would also like some sort of rules for morals as well
Evidently Republicans do not want this oversight. They must be ready to do something unethical.
We need your help Senator Warren. This only means one thing: they are hiding more things we can ever imagine.
The house GOP, they don't like daylight, cast us into darkness.  Like a pack of coons they will steal in the night.
.@SenWarren @beining_re @GOP the real problem is the requirements that are in place are not being enforced!
Exactly.
@mayaharris_ @GOP The problem is the GOP and their thinking they can go about the business of defrauding American people.
@StevePasquale @GOP Why do we have a Congress so out of touch with the American people? It's like bizarro world.
That would be Trump and other corrupt people.
I see ALEC has ALL the things that Republicans & Trump are pushing. How LOW can people go? Ask GOP!
@DebraMessing @GOP
I think Washington got too many people trying to earn a paycheck plus more on the side for their vote
It's the takeover of the government by a corrupt bunch of cowardly con men.
@iggy65mcv @GOP Not rules, unethical people; ends justified th means. Politicians serve themselves!
@AsiaDMO @GOP it hasn't worked for the last 8 years so why keep it?
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/ALEC_Governmental_Groups …
Now please DO something about this. Take Action. The country will support you. Be a leader. Not just a loud mouth.
Niccollo Machievelli
Even though they backed up on this, it is a huge signal of the sort of reign they expect to establish. We must react & resist.
Tell us, @GOP: Who, exactly, thinks that the problem with Washington is that we have too many rules requiring the gov to act ethically?
very few in the GOP understand the meaning of ethics. In It for themselves.
HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!
with only a handful in Congress as a whole who know the meaning of the word ETHICS- choosing to do Right over Wrong w/o pay!
when they say big government, they're talking about the things stopping them from being corrupt
Too Much Money Exchanging Hands---- Term Limits---Personal Interests--- (NOTE) It's WE THE PEOPLE" NOT" You--- You--- You-??
run for 2020 pres! If not convince @JoeBiden NOT to run! We need new blood new energy to run for Dems!!!! We need a leader
Senator Warren, what can we do about this? I understand that we will need to let some issues pass us by but not ethics.
EZ answer if one looks at Greedy Old Patricians for a nano second. They serve untaxed wealth acquisition as sole objective.
Those who believe that since they got elected, it gives them the right to do whatever the hell they want! Deregulation FTW!
- yes do tell us people of the United States ?
that's a good question considering the government makes the rules to define what is ethical
From: @GOP you are being very unfair @SenWarren refer all questions to @KellyannePolls
RIGHT ON SENATOR!!!!!
Ethical rules topic is not about volume. It's about enforcement and education. And re-examination to find unintended conseqs
@ImpactDemocracy @GOP Which democrats do not follow.
..can you live with all those rules? By all, I mean the ones we have to live with.
@EsKaLiDiNg @GOP says the unethical fake Cherokee!!
@JuddApatow @GOP Unadulterated, unabashed, unabated crooks!
Ethics are for libtards.
stealing our social security and Medicare we paid for 40 years
Warren has Ethics? Really? Even after she endorsed Clinton who tried to steal an election? Yeah Right!
Says the woman that has been caught in lies & supported the most corrupt liar to ever run for office. That alone says much
people who don't want to follow any rules I think that's called corruption?
I believe the word you're looking for re: @GOP is "corruption."
Not at all. I think we have too many legislators that think the rules don't apply to them. Wise up ppl, VOTE THEM OUT 2018!
@gruber @GOP why should the GOP tell u anything? Like Obama said, get to the back of the bus.
@Jason2CD would love to hear thoughts on how this is a even close to a good idea? #FillTheSwamp
Too bad most of the power players don't follow the rules because they believe they don't apply to them!#falseminorityclaimer
@AlisonRosen FYI this is why I stopped following you
@angeladallman @GOP better question..have the rules helped?
@gruber 

Just a guess but I’m guessing it’s the new guy!
@tamatebako14 @GOP You should try to write a piece of legislation Liz. Its a little harder than a tweet.
what we cannot comprehend HOW THE ELECTION WAS LEGAL WITH ALL THE HACKING - RIGGED -- BOGUS - going on and it's still okay
Slapping the word 'ethics' in front of a committee name does not make it ethical. Good headline tho. @GOP
They drowned in the swamp
maybe you should have considered ethics when applying to Harvard.
Good, God!  How perverted is it going to get?!
#pocahontas
@PulpSuicide @GOP jees he's such a child?! Good luck America 
can you do anything to block this package in the vote Tuesday afternoon ? How are our Dem reps going to stop these moves??
Senator,Russian hacking to sway election favoring trump was more than cyberattack.It was psychological attack/brainwashing..
Under OBAMA, nothing was ethical. And Princess Summer, Fall, Winter, Spring... we elected Donald J Trump.
@Mahala @GOP Consider the GOP leader, Trump, who views political & humanistic morale to be objectionable. #TrumpstheUSHitler
All you negative thinkers r just hilarious. U have 2 share that crystal ball you have. Maybe then we all can be enlightened
You should tell the whole truth don't you think
Have too much special interest never working for average Americans you pounding your soap box wanting liberal agenda!!
@donnabrazile @GOP Dirty Donna and Pocahontas are on the warpath over ethics..
Liz. I'm scared. Why do I feel the Dems aren't preparing to fight tooth and nail to protect our democracy from this compromised person ?
Let's see, there's Trump, all of his cabinet and a good portion of his republican base...
@Jackie_Pepper PS @SenWarren, what are you doing to stop this other than tweeting about it!?!?
I hope your blood is boiling over this !!!! 
@VoteWojcik @GOP#installGarland
GOP cares only about Clinton ethics. Obama should preemptively pardon Hillary against past, present, or future indictments.
@jasoninthehouse is the stumbling block. He needs to go so @OversightDems can successfully do their job. Oversight needed!
preach!!!!
Can Democrats stop this? We need independent oversight
By the time they get to Washington it's too late to learn ethics, that's why I didn't vote for Trump.
You promoted yourself as a Native American to steal a job from a real Native American! Please no ethics lectures from you!
no GOV 2 Many "Cock Blocks" 4 Business..AKA Capitalistic "Dreams" have 2 many "REGS" and Silly Folk Like U @realDonaldTrump
what's it going to take to make reasonable republicans speak up????
the trouble with washington is they feel no obligation act ethically and voters can not hold them accountable
@K_JeanPierre @GOP WOW EW can some1 please vote these idiots out! These ppl have no shame. Actually they don't care what we think
Democrats have made ethics n government a joke u want to take action. Demos accuse others of things they r guilty of
Fauxcahontist, the rules aren't the problem. It's that fact that you Elitists in DC dont follow rules. Drain your swamp!
The problem may be the enforcement of the rules rather than the number of rules. We all watch Scandal ;)
