Please urge your colleagues to initiate the IMPEACHMENT. They were so quick in doing that to Bill Clinton. What's up
simple,  Clinton committed a crime, was disbarred. ...remember?  Trump is only ENFORCING law on the books
I want to see the look on your face when you realized how badly trump betrayed you.
I agree with EVERYTHING he has done, is doing, and will do. Nothing new, same  campaign
that speach proves my point. Your looking at 12 years MINIMUM of Republican rule
know idea where you get a 12 year republican rule except in your worst nightmares
simple, 8 years of Trump,  and then 4 yrs (minium ) of his successor. 8+4=12
YOU WILL NOT BE RE ELECTED
What are u smoking Troll? Watch how many seats the tyrannical GOP folks lose in 18.. Game Over!
Best joke I have heard all day...  You do know the majority won and are tired of libtards acting like children.
hey genius majority voted against chetto hitler. Elec College isnt majority. Impeachment incoming!
Repubs control the Senate, House, and soon will the Supr Court. How exactly is impeachment gonna happen.. #Moron
gop is getting scared that twittler's crazy train is gonna fly off the rails and take them down too. So in time. ;)
It must be a blast living in your alternate snowflake universe...
oh and thanks for the snowflake nod. You are the first dirty bigot to call me one. Makes me all warm & fuzzy :)
pissing in the wind. Just as each and every other one.
Persist Persist Persist
Thank you for leading this charge. Please keep it up! #WarrenForPresident2020
that will never happen
you lose He's approved!!!!!!
Well we certainly didn't believe you think President's should have their own people! President's before we wrong!!
You are so anti American. Why don't you resign? Instead of working to unite our government you want to tear it up!
Why not just record your speech Liz as it's the same over and over.  Same hot air nonsense.
Seems there were a lot of Democratic votes for him. #disappointed
thank you!!
list don't just say no. Congress holds our country back
you dont have the votes so stop wasting tax payers money and start doing your job
Noise!
so much rejection get used to it we the people REJECT YOU
I wish that had worked. Yet another Russia connected, unprepared billionaire nominee confirmed. Fuck.
lmao 8 years of corruption.
Mr. Ross, a successful person of impeccable trajectory and who can benefit us all with his experience, was confirmed
do your job or lose your job, give our president his cabinet
I'm with you Senator.
Another 'choice' with RUSSIAN ties -- how long is this going to go on?  Reagan must be spinning
#GOP 

@SenWarren @charles116 @CommerceGov
Thanks for causing our country to not have it's leaders! You're hurting our country #BulgarianAmerican
see Rachel Madow's story linking him to Bank of Cyprus which is used for Russian money laundering.
too little too late...
@333Cassandra @CommerceGov he's in Cyprus counting Russian cash transfers from Putins cousin on fathers side. Get to bottom of /
- You're embarrassing yourself.
you go Liz
Did Ross divest from thatBank in Cyprus?
how come no one is asking Trump to show his taxes????
LOLOL... you are impotent against Trump.
Love & respect your constant pressure...keep fighting!
#persist
#resist
#notmypresident 
#taxreturnsnow45
make sure you speak in Cherokee
thank you for all that you do! Please know you have us behind you
Interesting to hear about Wilbur from Rachel Marrow and Russia again. Thank you.
This guy is dirty - Check out @maddow
If they are smart they will ignore you as we the American citizens now do.
go get'em Elizabeth: )
thank you for not giving up. It feels so pointless and hopeless, already. But, that's the point, right?
Why don't you give it up and move on? U lost!  Do your job and let the president do his that we elected him to do!
can't wait for your reelection. It's going to be pure comedic gold.
how did that work out for you?
go get 'em, Liz!
Thanks for all you do!!
good luck with that
72-27 You lose.....
Again
  #MAGA #FakeIndian
They were in a hurry, weren't they? Now they, and we, will live with the consequences. Another slimy swamp dweller!
if you want to be remembered for something real, make the connection between the US people help them understand! 
Your attempt at obstruction failed again, huh?  You should be getting used to that by now, #wackypocahontas.
@Repbobhagan @CommerceGov Didn't work. Hahahahahaha
how about working towards making our government functional.  Not just saying no to everything
Thank you, @SenWarren. So disappointed in my Virginia Senators. @markwarnerva @timkaine
There you go again, you #radicalliberalterrorist
...and once again you lost. Wanna know why? Because nobody is buying your lies anymore. Fauxcohontas the fraud...
Why don't U head to the floor to introduce a bill to support Americans and VETERANS?
and you lost Pocahontas 
Thank you Senator.
link him to the information shared on the Rachel Maddow show tonight
strength  be with you
Keep up the great work Elizabeth  :)
.. I would urge them to also Repeal and Replace Donald Trump!
thank you for all you do
. I'm but 1 of millions that appreciate what u r doing but this is war & u & colleagues need 2 be meaner & nastier
Especially since he has ties to Russia too
You go, Girl!
go sit in the corner and shut up bobblehead
@deplorableteach @jacob_brooks17 be sure to bring your headdress and moccasins!
. Rachel Maddow now reporting his ties to Russian oligarchs/Bank of Cyprus/45......mind blowing!
Thank you for your service.Please keep digging into the real threat of Russian connections and Bank of Cyprus
You again???
Rachel Maddow just now exposed Ross's ties to Trump, father of disasters.
as usual you were on the wrong side again govern with intelligence instead of stupidity #grandstander
Nobody is listening to you!!!  Everyone knows your crooked!  Retire give our party a chance.
Thanks for your help and support Ms. Warren!!
you lost again
how'd that work out for you Pocohontas?? Lost another one huh??
Why do you vote in favor of swamp cabinet 
@SenSchumer 
@SenGillibrand
Your record is clear, senator. Thank you. Will count the days until he's forced to resign.
Senator Warren, I appreciate you but won't watch because no matter what we say, he will be confirmed. #disappointed
How many voted for him ?  D's are throwing us under the bus too.
how'd that work out for you Liz? They tune you out. Tired of your negativity #retire
No one listens to you apparently. You apologize to Tim Scott yet over your sides racists attacks on him?

You go "nasty woman".
don't you have something constructive to do?
I don't know how you go into that chamber everyday knowing they will vote for them anyways. Stay strong, keep eating your greens
you continue to be a divider and refuse to listen to the American citizens!  I pray that you are voted out of office
isn't it time for your nap. Stop getting in the way and go home.
of course lol
.@SenWarren - You persisted but you failed...like always. Go home Pocahontas! LMAO
thank you for all you do! I appreciate you tremendously!
the only one who needs to be rejected is you
failed again. Waste of time. Guess that's your motto? Get a real job.
Welp we lost another one to big money.
Elizabeth for president.


Surprise! Which cabinet nominee have you NOT rejected? You're a pain in the ass & most people know it.
you go girl.... and don't take your seat until you finish what you have time say!!
they will shut that pie hole down go away sen warren you are un-American
don't urge anything START IMPEACHMENT PROCEDURES!!!  What are you waiting?  A new war?? More paranoia???
do your job the state u represent is more red there kiddo start supporting president trump !!NOW
blah, blah, blah....reject everything just because.
Give 'em hell Elizabeth!!!
Thank you, Senator!
Wait until you try an run for re-election Ha!Ha!.
at least your consistent obstruct obstruct obstruct nothing positive for America just BS
REJECT
Call again for an independent investigation into Russia and the Yemen raid. We deserve answers.
@GwennGee @CommerceGov I am with you pray GOP wake up and smell the coffee while we still have a Country
oh you're rejecting a Trump nominee- that's new...
Hope they tell you to shut up and sit down again!
hey Pocahontas you should have been rejected by Harvard when you lied saying your an Indian. Oh and your hair looks like a man
@IndivisibleTeam You can do it, Elizabeth. We're all with you..doing what we can..calling our Senators. #resist
Come on Sen. Warren!! save ur energy to resist when U can be heard. Stop wasting ur time when u don't have the votes
let's fight for a special Prosecutor to put the POTUS/CRONIES in a SPUTNIK and send them all to their friends PUTIN
Nevertheless you must persist
Go get 'em Liz!!!!
Good luck
you're so biased and one-sided it's a shame you were elected to office
WTF is Warren talking about now? Wants to stop the confirmation of every GOP candidate! ? How do we make her go away
you will be voted out. GET THEM OUT!!
go Liz.
a simple thanks doesn't seem enough for all you're doing! Thanks for not backing down #womenbelonginthesenate
last time I looked, Trump won election so he should get his people. Shameful that dem. holding up.
GOP loves these evil clowns that Trump has nominated. How high is nst'l debt going to go with these guys in charge?
take a mega phone with you so all those old people can hear you. #cnn
The only loss is in NOT fighting back.  You cannot lose!  You've already won.
Thank you @senwarren for standing up for us
LOL, thats really healthy & productive activity, Pocahontas!  
Thank you senator for standing up to the Alt  Right that has hijacked our government
#shutupLiz
Go Elizabeth Warren! Don't forget to remind GOP of his billions from NAFTA taking textiles auto parts mfg away!
And don't let them tell you to shut up and sit down!!
Keep fighting the good fight
go get em!  Your are an inspiration.
#WeLoveLiz
Hey Fauxcahontas, are you going to ride Scout into the Senate chambers for added effect?

.
of course you are. Blow hard!
Keep on losing, lol
Senile Warren leading the party of "No". Shameful and sad she puts party before country.
Pocahontas
all of need to be BLOCKED.
I hope and pray
You Rejected all @realDonaldTrump Cabinet Nominees ! Lol doesn't work #MAGA  Trump for ever
Can't you encourage  your colleagues, even on the Repub side to reject @POTUS & his crazy lies?
DON'T ALLOW ROLL BACK OF DODD-FRANK! Regulations to protect the innocent against GREED of WALL STREET!
Keep up the good fight, Senator!!
the Trumpsters are squirming. Impeachment is forthcoming.
yes. By all means. Oppose all successful people. You know better...you fool. Get a real job
supporting you all the way!
#adiosIN18
U never back down! I love it! Thank You 4 being the voice of intelligence integrity & courage!
Gosh I thought u were going to help country forward. After way u got ur ass kick on DNC. Ur sure take total humiliation well.
I pray you run for president in 2020
Ah go home too your Tee Pee
You are not having much impact.
Go get em Senator Warren!
GETTEM ELIZABETH
you go!  Keep calm in your delivery. We need a calm yet steady face of the Democratic Party
lol...how's that working for ya since good ol' Harry made sure GOP can put anyone in they want? #demstoblame
blocked. You are unreasonable. @TheDemocrats
