#obstructionist for the sake of obstructing = anti-Americanism
Which legislation or policies did GOP support and pass over the last 7 years? Or was their obstruction OK by you?
No it was not, but it was nowhere the level and animosity as it is now, from these asshats.
It is possible that this administration, intent only on extracting value from the Presidency, just nominated an unacceptable candidate, yes?
No
Perhaps a Senator with a specialty in labor rights and law has familiarity with such a person as this nominee?
.@realDonaldTrump’s @NLRB pick spent decades at union-busting law firms, making it harder for workers to improve wages & working conditions.
Or perhaps she's doing exactly what she said she would, #resist and impede, regardless of what's good for Americans.
This appointee to NLRB will favor owners and industry over workers and labor. Workers are inherently more Americans than corporate entities.
We oppose you and the women you support like #sarsour sign and share for action on #terrorist https://goo.gl/nEc7PA 
remember to verfiy your vote via email link to verfiy the WH send you! Let's do this. 100K in 1 day! We have a voice and it's YUGE
Does anyone actually fall for this email harvesting ploy? None of the above is relevant to NLRB.
@WhiteHouse is harvesting emails? The link is to the WhiteHouse.
Yes. Your instructions will get citizens to add themselves to a database of voters to be sold to political operatives.
Will they? So you paranoid naturally or are you hiding ?
No, but I don't think your followers want to be tricked onto a list owned and sold by establishment GOP hacks.
As long as greed exists there will always be a place for organized labor of some kind
Perhaps you intended to insult me with the phrase shit for brains but came up short with "shtforbrains." Only proper insolence is worthwhile
When I tweeted "organized labor of some kind" you failed to contemplate the meaning. Images of union bosses danced in your reactionary head
But honestly I'm fascinated by your self censorship. What odd behavior to observe. I want to take it apart & see if I can find the glitch
Bosses & Capitalists will tell you, uniformly, that unions aren't necessary. Wonder why they want to make it so difficult to establish more.
Here's another one of Trumps goons he's trying to hire! Thank you for watching out for us.
You have opposed all of our Presidents nominations. Therefore you have no credibility. And never have.
Well..all of the president's nominees are as clueless and crooked as he is so she's doing the right thing.
She wouldn't know the right thing if it bit her in her papoose.
Oooo...Tangerine Man's school of comebacks!  Pretty lame...sad.
Ahhh.... don't you have a safe place to go to?
Again, that's no shock, your opposed to eveyone's nomination.
thank you for fighting for us. Please run for president 
Like the American people, even the guy right next to you is ignoring you. William Emanuel, GREAT man.
of course your not, you also think Hillary won the election and that unicorns are real. Not surprised at all.
And that she is Indian
The only thing Indian about her is her wampum of which she has plenty of and if she is  an Indian then stone face Pelosi is Pocahontas .
Woohoo! Go Senator!
I'm convinced Sen. "Chief I need a Massingill" Warren, and Rosie "Rotten Crotch" Play with each other's slit, two Major Skanks .
Of course you have nothing worth merit to say so throw out the insults...
In order for me to throw something out with merit it would have to be thrown at people with merit these two skank's have none.
That's one way of getting attention.  Can't imagine you getting much.
Can't imagine anything from you but spewing your left wing bullshit I can see by the posts that you share what government subsidy do you get
Of course you did. You would oppose a nominee even if you were the one that picked them in the first place.
Makes no sense
 Just LOOK at Tom Perez's brilliant leadership

BROKE: New FEC Report Shows DNC Finished June $3.3 Million in Debt http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/rough-financial-shape-new-fec-report-shows-dnc-finished-june-3-3-million-debt/ …
Has there been even one nomination you supported. Everyone of them is terrible? You're an a**hole
Thank you!
Pure obstruction nothing more or less. Obstruction is her understanding of her job
Why are we even wasting time with allowing wolves into the hen house under the guise of protecting the hens? This is not resisting.
Stick w it Senator Warren! He should not be confirmed! Our fake pres is dismantling our Gov w ppl like this!!!
President to Trump is dismantling the freaking house of cards  all jokers".
That means he's the correct choice.
Once again absolute opposite person named for cabinet position! Trump et al are INTENT upon ruining our government.  The people will SUFFER!
What do you want another lifetime swampn rat?
If Jesus were up for nomination you'd oppose Him!
Get um tiger
You would have opposed your own birth on the grounds it would be to damn bloody and narrow.
You don't seem to stand for anything. You are, of course, against any progress for working people, criminals, and illegals.
It will be the greatest honor to have the power to destroy every UNION in America.. he is so full of shut.Shame on Trump he lie to everyone
we can't trust you since you don't stand up for our http://rights.You  rather support criminal illegals who break the law.
He's another Pruitt
Of course not
That's rich coming from you!
Opposing everything that is good for the country, why do you hate USA so much, why do you hate yourself?
Great great great
Is there any tRump appointee we can count on for anything?
Of course you did, because you're an obstructionist. How's that scorecard looking? Still sitting at one bill sponsored in your career?
Wish we had more people with.your guts, esp. Republicans. time they saw the light, stop.standing with this embarrassment of a President.
Whats new obstructionist
Is there anyone Trump nominated for anything that you are in favor of....???
@SenWarren is gangster AF! Wish she had a bigger bat to swing
You are awesome!! Thank you for working for the middle & working classes. They need someone on their side.
Anothet creature for the Great Swamp
What about those people whose homes were foreclosed on, you came in and swept them onto the street, flipped there homes for a profit!
Thank you, Senator.
Pocahantas has Integrity.
Thanks for all the hard work for working families
At 4:36, 'I have to recluse myself from all cases involving ki.. my law firm' was the word he cut off kickback? 
At 1:50 where he says 'will be the greatest honour of his career', does he mean dismantling the whole thing?
Thank you @SenWarren for speaking up for the working class.
Thank you for not backing down .
You dem' just need to work with trump and thing's will fine,don't work with trump,you dem's should be on a long vacation
As usual. You are unless.
You are why I will never vote for the Democrats again.  There is no longer working together for the good of this great country
Thank you @SenWarren for once again standing up for the workers of America.
She's still working.  What a pain in the ass Elizabeth Warren is.
You oppose everything! No surprise!  Still want to see your monthly health insurance statement and compare it to mine Funny you don't reply
God bless you Elizabeth and keep fighting for us
Not surprised you have opposed every nomination
You oppose RTW so workers will continue to be forced to pay dues to unions who will continue to donate to Dem causes!
No you just want to holdup the appointment the detriment of our country!
But Fake Indians don't care about America only getting over on her!
You would oppose air if the republicans supported it.  Partisan hack.
you support Obamacare that's killed middle-class along with killing those of us in the womb that haven't even been born yet
Self promotion & obstruction is not work. Get busy doing something productive!
Approve no one!
Blue jacket in the rotation...
Senator Warren meeting with other Democrats?
Big deal you oppose everything you're a waste of space in congress we could get a monkey to shake its head no for a banana
You would oppose your Mother if she were a GOP.  Try working together and stop the games and name calling.  You are one of the worst
An American Indian walks in to a bar....Oh wait, that wasn't an American Indian, it was you. Nevermind. Thats a different joke.
Hey Lizzie do you ever notice no one really pays attention when you talk! they hear blah blah blah blah blah, put a sock in it already!
You oppose everything!!! But will you answer the question why ACA is so unaffordable for most Americans?
you just can't believe the Republicans won
I <3 you Warren you are one of the most genuine people in congress
People in the background are ignoring you... just as I have.
NLRB should be abolished. You could get that rolling for us 
If Jesus Christ was the nominee, and a Republican, you still wouldn't support him
Thank you @SenWarren for what you do for all of us!
Thank you, Senator Warren.  It's good to see somebody standing up for workers in this country.
I think this is more about the whims of the wealthy
Thank you for this move, Senator. I hope all Union represented people make noise about this, as well! #NoToEmanuel
You oppose everything Pocahontas!  Get to work for once!
And the bailouts with tax payer@money
Great points.  You do the american working class proud!
Thank you, Sen Warren!

You have my vote
Thank you.
Stand up for our kids. Sex education is up to the parent not the government.

https://secure2.convio.net/mfii/site/Advocacy;jsessionid=00000000.app296a?cmd=display&page=UserAction&id=145&NONCE_TOKEN=2A8A8F8FB9221DFC7B045F45CF185917 …
We oppose you #Pocahontas #2018 #byefelicia
Thank you @SenWarren
@Rosie @NLRB 

I love you Rosie and Lizzy.  I hope you will follow me.
Senator Warren you are MY ROCK STAR! Keep up the fantastic work of holding these crooks to the fire!
@SenWarren how do you sleep at night, you are  truly delusional #MAGA
Probably a repeat but I'll go for it anyway .... Lyawatha ...no one cares what you do.
Pointing out that @realDonaldTrump the supposed "President of the American Worker" is a complete liar. Great job @elizabethforma !!
100% agreed. Sick to death listening to these obstructionists.
you oppose all od President @realDonaldTrump 's nominations......#obstructionist

How many colored jackets do you have and where do you buy them?
I agree
Another 1%er who see's no problem with minimum wage workers lack of rights while disparity in pay grows to absurd levels.
Of course you do. If one isn't a radical leftist, know everything/know nothing, blind, obedient ideologue, he's not your type of guy.
And somehow you do?
Please focus on the CFPB, not this other crap.
You oppose everything, Elizabeth.  I'm not at all convinced I can rely on you to stand up for my rights!
I admire your strength and conviction to look after We The People!  Continue to persist!!!
You oppose every confirmation so your comment means nothing.
Thank you, Sen EW!
YOU ARE NOT TRUSTWORTHY. #JudasWarren
This fits into the trump admin pattern of appointing individuals whose ideologies directly conflict with core missions of these agencies.
I'm not convinced that you actually have American's best interest at heart but rather your own acquisition of power.

#hypocrite
Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight on behalf of the American people you l=pledged to serve. You are Aces!!
what specifically has she done for us?  Sponsoring incarcerated women bill/other BS that does not affect the majority of her constituents.
Thank you for voting no

Obstructionist.
I'm with you @SenWarren. I trust you to look out for the American people. 
I wouldn't share ur obvious lack of intelligence
Nice one twitter swami! You "slay" me with your insight!
Anything you don't oppose ??
She doesn't oppose giving huge salaries to her little banking mafia that lets the banks grow larger and use billions infines to fund anarchy
If you have no confidence in him then he MUST be confirmed!!
My President thinks he is good- thats good for me AND the populous. I don't care how much you hate him, you better get to work for us now!
Llloolll say goodbye to unions - PATHETIC- guess u can bring back jobs by offering poor wages, terrible work hours, no benefits - WINNING
Shocking development lol
I trust your judgment liz. 
Vote no.
You silly goof stop with the charade...you oppose any Republican nominee. You're a coward and a hypocrite, a true example of what MA elects!
I'm pretty sure you would oppose anyone that was nominated.  We all know where you stand. But it's nice that you at least act like you care.
Well you supporting anything other than Planned Parenthood is a Suprise. #obstructionists
You oppose everything
Go get him Senator! Another bloviating hypocrit!
Yeah, you sure can be trusted to stand up for the rights of every U. S. citizen! NOPE! 
Thank you!
New nick name "Dr No"
Obstruct some more fauxahontas
You don't care about the people you just hate Trump.
Of course you do....it's your vote...
And just when have you ever done anything for the people! Never unless it benefits you!
Who gives a shit what you think
Unfortunately GOP don't care about their constituents only the rich people
No it's not because everything they do is for big business and try to rights of their workers  by not giving people legal recourse to fight.
Of course u did!
THIS! A primer for all voters in elections. Find out if the candidate CAN, and vote accordingly. Stop judging based on physical features.
LIAR
I am concerned that some "push" unions. Just another dictator in worker's pockets. I don't think I like this guy either though.
We know you only stand for your rights. Untruths will get you voted out, next year
Pocahontas is so predictable.  HER STYLE IS THAT OF A JUVENILE.
You oppose everything. What else is new!
THANK YOU Senator Warren for standing UP and WITH the American people and NOT the wealthy & arrogant Ole Boys Club.  Keep up the GREAT work!
you know she's a multi millionaire, don't you?
Conservative voters have actually convinced themselves that fair working conditions and wages are bad. They are literally a cult.
I agree Sen. Warren!  Thank you 4 ur work!
Knock his face mask off???
He must be great to have been selected by PPTUS. Welcome to our A Team.
"working people". What an elitist snob!
You suck.
It's a shame Dems can never win an argument with factsMisinformation&
hyperbole are all you have. pretty pathetic, no wonder you lose #MAGA
We're opposed of you. Pocahantas
How is her outfit relevant?
Again why is her clothing relevant?
Ignorant
He's a lifelong labor attorney...you have a strange understanding of the role of the Senate in this process.
SICKEM Liz.  GRRRRRRRR
LISTEN2 Senator Warren- She's aHarvard LAW Professor(Over Qualified 4 her job)She KNOWs Justice!+Remove ERA Deadline ONLY 2 States to GO!
You're kidding?  You opposed it?  Who would have been expecting that??
I trust @SenWarren implicitly.
Except in regards to Native American issues of course
Seriously, dude? Read her book.
Liz,unions made this country,we don't need anybody that is anti-union.
Unions served their purpose. Federal laws now cover what unions previously fought for. Unions are now only wasteful, obsolete entities
But the unions like the postal union campaigned for Clinton on the taxpayers dime, surely that's a good use of Unions and Must continue.
Without union representation the work environment in this country would go back to pretty much slave labour like the rail roads years ago.
I've worked for 35 years in many different jobs. Never for a Union, never represented by a union and never once treated like a slave.
I've spent the last 15 working at a teamster plant that voted to go union because of management games.A large corporation  (Cemstone)...
Has the union been good for you and have they fixed the "management games" ?
They did...Better wages,better benefits and the revolving door on the employee's entrance was removed.
