I asked Betsy DeVos why 2 of her key aides are fmr for-profit college execs with massive conflicts of interest.
The same day I wrote to DeVos about her aides’ obvious conflicts, one of them apparently resigned.
The damage has already been done. @usedgov announced it would let student loan companies charge some struggling students outrageous fees.
The DeVos aide who resigned last week? His dad happened to run the student loan company that sued @usedgov about that pro-borrower policy.
Transparency, pressure & activism work. But we’re going to need a whole lot more of it to make @usedgov work for students.
we the people need our voices heard and the appropriate actions taken. The majority do not support Trump.
your wrong.  the majority of legal citizens do.
the majority of legal citizens did not vote for Trump or his agenda
well those are the people lining her pockets
wow. As if charging $400k to teach as class full of students with loans is not bilking.
It's funny to see Dems look of confusion now that we have highly successful people running our govt. Can't comprehend.
...when Trump gets impeached in a couple of months, does DeVos go with him? i hope so.
I think she stays unless Pence replaces her
Oh Pence is going too. Any fruit of the poisonous tree. He knew about Flynn b4 nomination.
I hope so. Pence would be almost as bad as Trump for America.
Lying Ryan is next in line, unless they prove he's a bad fruit too. They should do a revote
You keep whining. We'll keep...
What are you winning? I don't call destroying America a win.
<-- #ShareBlueTroll (block/mute/ignore)  @loveabundantly @BraylenNapier @4ourgirlsnow @SenWarren @usedgov
please explain why this travesty is allowed to continue? Where are the democrats? There is a traitor in WH
Isn't that what your bloated salary does to your university?  350k is a lot to teach 1 class and there is your Federal job. #taxpayerbilker
I mean, that is what she's getting paid to do, right? So technically...
At $400K to teach a class? #Pocahontas lied for a job to rip off poor students. Vote @gehrig38
#shutupliz
Used gov seems strangely appropriate. She is using it for benefit of her friends.
sad but true
we're in a strange era where everyone wants to run EVERYTHING like a business. Monetize everything until nothing is left
And how ironic that the Twitter handle is Used Gov.
you wouldn't have taken a $400,000 salary to teach a couple classes if you cared about the cost  education
they put the "used" I that Twitter handle @"used"gov
shocker from a trump university owning president?
exactly
- please keep fighting for us and run for President
Typical Trump appointee. Please give us some direction on how we can fight back-- not just DeVos but Trump et al.!
Check out People Power, they're The Citizens Action Group of The ACLU. Grass Roots and so empowering. Good Luck. Keep Resisting. 
Thanks for the recommendation! Big fan of the ACLU-- we need them now more than ever! Keep fighting the good fight!
American students have already been bilked. Spend more money than all countries to rank below 20th in the world.
You mean how you people have done for the last eight years with tuition going sky high ape shit? @usedgov
the current federally guaranteed student loan program isn't doing precisely that?
well yeah.  She never hid that. That's what trump wants. And also his fans
@BestyDevos is what happens when you pay for you job. I want to send all my loans to her.
@realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods   look Poco, when you charge $400k to teach, education can never be free
I agree,more divisive methods from ApprenticeOTUS to create hostility between America's as he divides &is conquers.Unfit
bilk?
Do you feel better now that you got that off your chest?
Sorry?
Jesus wanted schools to be like Ponzi schemes, right?
More like the Amway scam
Warren is the biggest scam around, guess how much she gets paid to teach a class ?
How much does Warren get paid to teach a class? I'll guess.  More than you?
i thought the teachers unions already controlled the DoE bureaucracy
Republicans have been attacking teachers unions for decades already.
Rightly so.
Because ensuring reasonable working conditions and pay for teachers is a bad thing. Right.
Yeah, that's what Teachers Unions are mostly known for recently. (NOT)
you know the funny part of all the responses is none have denied that unions bilk students lol
I'll deny that. Best school systems in the world all have unionized teachers.
I would hope anyone considering a for-profit college will consider community college (w/ transfer to 4 year univeristy) instead
not surprised at all
good job Senator.  made me google def of bilk.  i got it now
Yep, that's the scam she's pushing. Just another Trump admin con artist.
DeVos wants to stop the liberal indoctrination Warren is so in favor of. Keeping kids dumb is the way to control them.
Bilking students? Me remember Squawking Squaw paid heap big wampum for teaching job obtained with forked tongue!
and you let her get confirmed.
how did Betsy Devos get approved? Are Republicans really that removed from the real world?
YEAH!!
maybe you should try working with her instead of hiding behind all your BS.
That was already established.
And you believe more gov't and capitalism can solve the issues gov't and capitalism caused in the first place?

Please...
I think that 90% of for-profit colleges are lame, but paying inept race-morphing professors $700k to teach one class is bad too.
Ms DeVos has no idea what she should be doing to educate our children. She has no qualifications to be in her position.
You'veturned our schools and universities into marxist, anti American indoctrination centers. Betsy DeVoss is trying to fix it
as a Title 1 teacher I beg you to keep fighting for my students.
Communist Dem Gov wants Gov Controlled Edu, Med, Media, Guns, Food....
I want Freedom of Choice. You?
what have you done to lower cost of college?  Paying professors $350K for one class has to come from somewhere.
DE VOS,  PICKED. ASSIGNED, BY PUTIN KREMLIN RUSSIAN FEDERATION MAFIA MOB WITH THEM YEARS. ALL CABINET ADMINISTRATION
ALL I MENTIONED NON STOP EVERYDAY DURING SNEAKY CAMPAIGN SINCE ALL SCOTT, RACHEL, OTHERS EXPOSED TRAITORS
Oh if I were you I'd refrain from talking about anyone bilking anything. That's rich.
She's one of Chump's lackeys, so what do you expect.
that would be her family
you got paid $700,000 to teach a course.  No wonder kids want free education. That's a lot of debt for students....
is that really what you're inferring??? Step back, take a deep breath and remove your biases.
I understand Trump now targeting 4 cities in MA as sanctuary cities. Let's be the first state to stand up to Trump and his brown shirts!
Wait...what? BILK??? Oh this is really rich coming from #Lieawatha Warren! 

#draintheswamp #MAGA
Do you spend all your time on #twitter?  I believe the #Democrats don't have a plan, you best start working on one
Her job is to do logical corrections ...... you became lost at the word logical.
@mermerdee @usedgov Why not? She's just ruining their lives!
im pretty sure she has no idea what her job is
She sure didn't buy the job bc she wants to help poor brown children have better opportunities or anything like that!
DeVos does not or want to help any child, any student anywhere past, present or future.
@UniteBlue @usedgov she is a horror
Oh no, don't tell me she sold out to the teachers' unions? U know, like the Dems. They are the premier pirate of Ed $.
I never heard anyone talk about the fact that her family is the buy more stuff you don't need company AMWAY?
didn't you have a high paying teaching job, chief?
HELP
Punch her in the throat Liz!!!
.@SenWarren I can see why you're upset. Bilking the American public is the job of Democrats.
Education choking on dry stupidity!? Drink a glass of Ol' Betsys fresh BILK!
#GotBilk?
Thank you Ms Warren. So glad to have you as my state Senator. So hard to keep on top of everything. I know you try.
Money is all Devos understands. But not money didn't in public free education for middle class Americans
isn't that what Trump University did
Someone needs to look at educational co, Amplify, Fox/Murcoch was major investor, sold and acquired by "private party" hmmm?
ummmm.....weren't you paid almost $400K to teach ONE class @Harvard 
#Harvard #hypocrite #hypocrisy
ANDall this timeWE'REdistracted/Trump/Russia, Devos is quietlyWORMINGher way around ourED system, beginning her damage.
wasn't Sen Warren  bilking the school where she taught????
And YOU lied to Harvard.  They should be on warpath (pc version) over your false claims to get in!
like Trump University!
The legacy of DeVos will be damaged children and will last for centuries.
Sheesh, keep up the good fight
didn't you get $400k for teaching one class?  And didn't you get that gig by lying about your ethnicity?
how can this little Indian talk amount $ when screws a college out of $400,000 for teaching one course. Loser
It's the Trump University syndrome.
How are you going to indoctrinate students if they're not under the unions wing?
Create Hitler Youth
the despicables are running this clown show.
and the snow flakes are melting while they cry changing there diapers
and the deluded can't even spell.
okay miss  worthless that's the best you got
people go to school to better them selves and to owe more money that what they are making is ridiculous
so take your lyin backside and sit down, liar
She told you this the hearings in which you did question her about. She said she'd contract out her duties
keep fighting this people.
she is a swamp gator what do you expect?
Bilk? As in overcharging for ones services based on a fabricated bio?
religious organizations mainly. How many crooked charter schools have stolen and embezzled money from tax payers.
she is their to stop the democrat enslavement you have portrayed on our underprivileged communities
I thought were we getting g #Democrats out of education?
you earned $700,000 teaching one class. You are the definition of a hypocrite.
as long as we can all bilk the @usedgov and get native American scholarships, I'm good.
@Nerdzilla76 @usedgov how was election legit given what we know after today, Whether ill advised or ill Intended scales tipped
@MAHAMOSA @usedgov Wants to create a Trump K-12 that will be just as successful as Trump U. Taxpayer financed indoctrination.
she need to go. She is damaging the education system more as the days go by.
we have Treasonous con man in office.DONT pass any legislation until you know 100% that it is not lining his pockets
LMAO...billing students would be a Harvard professor getting $400K a year for teaching one class.
@ImpactDemocracy @usedgov did it dawn on any1 else that "used gov" is precisely how these swamp dwellers all became billionaires?
@brolin_renee @usedgov of course. She'll have companies sponsor education.  "Social studies brought to you by Coca-Cola"
Why look who's talking? Ol' Lieawatha in her glass house.
Better 2 b thought a fool than 2  open ur mouth & confirm it.
when it comes to bilking Americans, Warren and the Democrats do not appreciate competition
Thank You for staying on these matters. Making ppl aware of what this administration is really about 
you apparently think your job is to own education so that all students have a common core stupidity so they vote Dem.
She is just another Trump /GOP style leech on the gov't payroll.There is quite infection running thru the Trump Admin.
it worked with Trump Univ.
Betsy doesnt give one lick about educating anyone, she's just there to milk a cash cow. Kids are NOT a Profit Pt. @DonnaDeCicco1
oh I completely agree with you! She is going to completely ruin our education system, all for $$
We were so close to blocking her confirmation
why did you make money off the course you taught?
@Newyorker2212 @usedgov she really should resign then! #IllegitimatePOTUS
Good job Senator, tough dealing with Affluenza kids running the government
Why are we allowing an administration that is under criminal investigation to execute any policies or to appt. anyone?!
No, we're asking her to dismantle this money laundering organization and let us do it ourselves.
YOU WERE PAID SIX FIGURES TO TEACH *ONE* CLASS!!
Independent Investigation into Russian ties would be a start as well
U r using rule 12 from your Marxist Saul Alinsky bible:
Stop her. She has to go.
or maybe it's to give options to students who have been condemned to lower education levels bc of where they're born..
she never should have been appointed. Working on voting out those that said yes
#devosisamoron
said the woman who lied to get a job at Harvard
you don't know what Ms Devos thinks you think you are an Indian
will you give a DNA sample so they can see if you really did plant that tree back in 1442?
Nothing surprises me about this. It's one hot mess. Please stop this madness. I have written my reps. From Michigan.
yes, you would know.
Please don't vote for judge Gorsuch.
Why, because he won't show bias?
No. Because he did show bias. He allowed a company to sexually harass a women until she had to leave.
Do you know all the facts of that case? I'm sure you do not. Who would you nominate?
I know in every case he has ruled against the women. I also know about the Hobby Lobby case.
He followed law. Why is this so hard to accept?
THAT IS A LIE!
I don't lie. Google it. I just did. Don't you just hate to be proven ignorant?
Something in which you have lots of expertise. 
bilk
1. obtain or withhold money from (someone) by deceit or without justification; cheat or defraud.
your days are no. In politics the reason for term limits is you
We need a stronger grassroots effort at the state-level to secure #CommonCore. We're forced into this line of strategy
-Such a shame. She's totally unqualified. She's just another xtian whack job. And children will pay the price.
Says the woman who was paid six figures to teach one college course...
Go sharpen your Hatched and stop the LiES!
thank you for having our backs!
did you call anyone in rockville and ask why they allowed a 'kid' thats 18 to rape a 14 year old?
So are today's students too stupid to understand what they're getting in to? They're adults and need to be responsible.
NO ON GORSUCH #SCOTUS
Obvious gender discrimination against Women's health, i.e. Insuring pregnancy, #PlannedParenthood
you can insure a pregnancy? Like through State Farm?
gorsuch sided, as judge, to give insurance co. right to take money from customer, then deny her prenatal
do u have the case so I can read for myself?
You've read the case and know the applicable law already, right?
wow, blocked... I guess that's a "No, I heard this on Facebook so it must be true."
People can be very stupid...
Now exactly what is it called when you're paid 700k for teaching a class like you did?
#BIlkVowsNotStudents #GotBILK!?
vs. you, who bilks every single taxpayer?  I'll take Betsy over you any day, and twice on Sunday.  You're so full of yourself.
don't dems EVER get tired of the scare tactics? If UR so worried give UR own money away! NOT OURS!

Can Congress fire her??
Betsy DeVos is an evil person.  I don't think there is an ounce of human compassion in that woman.
you don't think being paid $400K to teach one college course is bilking students? Hypocrite!
USDE failed us for years time for them to go - each state  do their own thing with no FED involvement #Fauxcahontas
Of course she does. Look at what she did in Michigan. FIGHT HER
It is.
all reps are bad.
wait didn't Obamas Education secretary have to step down ? And that reason was for ? Please remind me Elizabeth.
monthly visit with my students at the local NY public library and suddenly saw this ! #neverthelessshepersisted
That warms my heart!! There are still good people in this world that brings light instead of hate!
Ironic their twitter acct is named "used gov", bc that's what they've done, so to undo public education for private gain
