Pork barrel funding of issues not central to a bill... is both unethical and immoral.  You want our support, take it up with us separately.
As long as we r not keeping them here!
Dear Sen. Warren,

Be a lamb and look into WI - MI - PA

Thank you.

America
Lol. Whatever you gotta keep telling yourself. It's dead. The election is well over. You lost. Everyone was always going to lose either way
It never should have had to come up, if you and the rest of the libtardz did your job in the 1st place
Good News here!
"Real news" -> Your going DOWN! BOOM  http://ir.net/news/politics/125779/report-cnn-transcripts-treasonous-calls-trump-campaign-russia/ …
Fantastic! I'm so proud you're my senator 
Obama admin knew the Boston marathon was going to be bombed.
ANOTHER OBAMA PUPPET INVOLVED IN THE "CLEANSING" OF THE ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT. MUST WATCH.  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bCuUGTFKUkttUlJ6em5MalB8MXlOeGFxWlp5Qlh4ahCh0M80CbmgmIC8k2D1cHWw6C7pRR5EWXpgMUjz-cU- …
What a truck load of nonsense! You suffer from severe Obama Derangement syndrome. Sell crazy elsewhere!
What's that got to do with you? According to you and your party there is no domestic terrorism here. And you want to bring terrorist here.
What a phony!
What about hate crime victims?
Very simple Dizz-Lizz,  get rid of the Muslim,  domestic terrorism drops below 1%, do the math imbecile!
EVEN BETTER NEWS! Campaign launched against you! Looks like he's got a shot! DNA BD present brilliant!
Domestic terrorism?
That's when white men who are citizens of the US kill a lot of people
You obviously didn't read the article
She doesn't go places that would trouble her tiny intellect. And that is just about all places
So reactive actions are good and proactive things like keeping them out in the first place are bad?
Lol now all we have to work on is democrats admitting that it happens.

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Thank you Senator Warren! Pat and Jess are friends of mine. I'm glad that you've been supporting them since the marathon attack.
Pat and Jess told me they don't particularly care for you? Some th hing about being too "handsy"?
Senator Warren, I was appalled to see Massachusetts on this list. Please tell me it's not true! http://mailchi.mp/gregpalast/v3tjxbfkb4-172605?e=be35caecdf …
Nice job @SenWarren and sen Collins.
You complain about Trump tweeting but that's all you and maxine you guys need to hang it up you are not getting reelected
Bad News! You haven't retired yet you Pocahontas wanna be!!!
a better bill would be to make sure guys like speed bump and his brother never made it into this country in the first place.
This fund covers the rat infested VA hospitals and the Third World Healthcare we provide for our veterans. Illegals demand quality care!
Great news Senator..This will help when your "refugees" and the open border policies  reward us with more victims for this fund..
Pocahantas did some good.
Like it / thats good. Its about time we considered this. Good we went forward to address VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC TERRORISM.
Thank you so much WE  you Senator 
What happens if the victim doesn't have health insurance? Are they not covered? Seems that all cases should be covered by this bill
Check out Florida's idiocracy!  http://secondnexus.com/politics-and-economics/florida-approves-anti-science-legislation-victory-religious-right/?utm_content=inf_677_1164_2&tse_id=INF_6965d2d0619d11e790011d41b85aaeb5 …
That's nice. Now why don't we get rid of Sanctuary Cities and throw them out?
You need to take the DNA test or step down.saw you in college dancing naked. To some pagan God.

So nice of @va_shiva to give you b-day gift of 23 & me ancestry kit. Did you get a moment to send it in yet?
Spoken like a true sycophant, serving her totalitarian master. All the fake followers, Russian bots & paid worshippers won't change this. 
This has got to be something everyone can get behind.  Thanks for co-sponsoring this important legislation
What are you going to do about CNN threatening a 15 year old boy and taking away his first amendment right balls in your court be a hero
R U Serious @SenWarren? You PAY people to incite violence, and your words incite violence
Fake outrage from The left over President Trump's tweets after months of MSM relentlessly attacking him   
Undercover video of DNC paying people to incite violence.
https://twitter.com/basketofsexy/status/882334722927603712 …
You knew threats against citizens were happening and YOU DID NOTHING.
ANOTHER OBAMA PUPPET INVOLVED IN THE "CLEANSING" OF THE ISLAMIC TERRORIST THREAT. MUST WATCH.  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bCuUGTFKUkttUlJ6em5MalB8MXlOeGFxWlp5Qlh4ahCh0M80CbmgmIC8k2D1cHWw6C7pRR5EWXpgMUjz-cU- …
Congrats 
Yea!
TY!These folks should benefit from DOD taxpayer advances World class Boston medicine saved them acutely,now VA can help continue the healing
What? You actually care about the American people? Must be some kinda of payoff in it for you. Hypocrite!
You are a domestic terrorist.
Need I say more?
Please consider and really change the world. We are headed toward automation anyway, so we might has well embrace it to its full effect.

What are you taking credit for? You had nothing to do with this!!
Awesome. 
Why wait for the most corrupt administration to destroy our country with hate and racism . What are democrats afraid of?  Don't bow  down.
1/2 We need someone to step up and lead the party and stand up to this corrupt administration.  What are you waiting for?.
Darn seems as if the Americans held by Iran from Nov 79-Jan 81 were screwed.
good four you... well Trump sign it?
Yes! I hope this bill can pass! It makes so much sense, and it's appropriate use of the military's recovery expertise.
Beautiful.
@BretBaier @seanhannity  what about KATES LAW???????
Hey. You didn't mention the Brookline child who fell through the screen. Where were you for that family?
Let's c how quickly the dems kill this bill!
Wow-thanks for sharing
liz, live off the govt dime & taxpayers. shame on you
DNA TEST.
Wonderful news Senator Warren. Thank you again! @Michael36776349
Nice work Elizabeth! You know someone who almost did something!
More proof the government was the Terrorists than the brothers. Just like with LaVoy, will his wife get compensated too? Foreign & Domestic
Finally you write something positive
Or may e the Government could do its one and only job according to the constitution and keep us safe....
But military medicine and the VA is in shambles.
That's good news for you..we thought you like terriost?
Thank you for standing up for terror victims!  We love you! 
#Pocahontas speaks! If you didn't like domestic terror, you would help stop importing Muslims
I was a terrible father.  #sorry
