Color me surprised, do nothing @SenWarren is "fighting" against yet another nominee.  All this while shes YET to do anything productive.
Like Trumpelthinskin
He's already spent more on vacations that Obama did in 3 years.
I doubt that - with all the trips the Obama family took?  Produce numbers instead of speculation.
There you go.
Now you'll saw "Yea but that's from the Washington Post" 
Typical response
Thanks - there are so many apples to oranges comparisons in there.  Need to break out pure leisure to accurately have a discussion.
OK Realize also that he made money by going to his own properties.
That is Trumps game @SenWarren He's trying to put haters of each agency, in charge of those agencies! Stop him! #FileThe24th
Those agencies are bloated and wasteful
But they are needed, so putting someone who doesn't even know the name of the dept is just stupid. Fix the mess, don't make a bigger one.
That's just status quo.  We need people who understand and respect a budget
That's not anyone in Washington! They haven't balanced a budget in years. Putting unqualified 'friends' in those jobs only tears it down.
There is some real data out there, other than what CNN and MSNBC repot. The cuts being made are exactly what I voted for.
Don't watch either one. So you want to cut Social Security?
Absolutely biggest Ponzi scheme ever
And you're a fake Indian. So what's your point?
What's new Senator? Trump nominates those who hate the mission of the department they will serve. Up is the new down these days.
EVERYONE he has appointed is a conflict of interest.  They are all corrupt!
Sign Of The Times:
We no longer have a democracy! I am both disgusted and terrified!
As are all of his cabinet members and department heads!
And this makes him different from chump's usual cabinet member how??? This whole circus sideshow needs to be stopped before they destroy
Of course. When he says he hires "the best," he means the best crooks with the most slimy ways of getting out of #RussiaGate #goldenshowers
WE NEED TO PROSECUTE CLINTON.
Bye Bye Bot
So is almost everybody else nominated by @realDonaldTrump
America as we know and love it...
That goes for corporate dems as well!
Dear Okie,  I'm sorry you were duped by Don the Con. He is not really that great of a businessman. And this is not The Apprentice
Sign Of The Times:
The pre requisite for the @realDonaldTrump FAILED presidency is a conflict of interest.
Back to your Tee-Pee old lying Squaw.
Back to your pee pee lying Trump
In case you missed it Elizabeth Warren lied about being Native American to jump the line and land a 1/2 million dollar job.  #Reprehensible
Aren't you a recipient of corporate donations? Asking for a friend.
Who's that Mask Man?
Thats true of 95% of the people n his cabinet. This whole Administration is a joke and detrimental 2 the health well-being of the people
And every cabinet member of every president before Trump.
Optimistic and ignorant
He is just another one for DJT's swamp.
Will you please stop acting like a school girl?  Complain, complain, complain.
I Rather have her President, she is a real voice for the people and We Stand against This HYDRA Administration and their Cohorts......
Then he'll fit right in with the rest of the crooks in the administration
the fossil fuels swamp scum club
The @SenWarren should be comfortable appointing him.
@wmooref1 @Jade_McConnell take notes
Bill loves her
Keep Up the Good Work, Senator......!

Wonder Woman Warren, grateful for your presence in the US Senate. A yr ago I was near when you visited the MA delegation. Thanks!
Another obstructionist at work!! You Dems just kiss ur next elections goodbye
Ms Warren using the liberal dog whistle again to demonize a Trump nomination. Key words corporate insider, conflict of interest.
thank you Senator!
Its just getting too good. MEGA rich 1%er Liz Warren has the ca-hones to say someone else is an 'insider, walking conflict of interest'.
Of course he is.
What are you going to do about it?!?!
So is EVERYONE else Trump's NOMINATED!!
as was every one of his previous nominees. He thinks conflict of interest is a requisite qualification.
Vote no on him.
Keep going strong Sen. Warren!! Thank you for being an honest, true and TRUSTWORTHY voice for allAmericans.
#hellfitrightin #trumpcircus
So just listen to the liberal side and screw the other because there are no sad stories from people who despise Obamacare
Gmbiiiiiiki
"He has scrubbed all those pro-industry, pro-pollution references from his bio." And   "corporate rubber stamp that President Trump wants."
so many people with conflicts of interest,blatant disrespect for the office they aspire to! So, stay strong U warrior U, rooting for U!
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Your talking conflict of interest? Your Lies is a conflict of interest we can't trust!
JEFF SESSION IS DEEP STATE.My Case alone can put Loretta Lynch,Eric Holder,James Comey,Entire OBAMA gang at SEC/FBI
My case can put Loretta Lynch,eric Holder, James comey gang in  JAIL along with FRAUD Obama & Netflix $60B loot gang
From princess liar and thief warren
Go Senator tell the two faced, moral lacking hypocrites called republicans...
A real Indian is about to beat you, #FakeIndian
Settle down Pocahontas
And YOU are obstructing OUR President!
No, no, no...it's okay!   @JeffFlake says he's a water expert!!
Like your "special counsel" isnt a conflict of interest being best buddies with James comey and hiring all Clinton lawyers?
Oh, horror of horrors, he works for a living and isn't paid by the Government!

Really Im glad Dems would never do such things.
And you're just a gasbag
Stop talking and spreading hate! You are so miserable!
Thank you 
Aren't they all
Save us, Senator Warren, from this monster. I don't want to see any more suffering in the world than there already is. #Impeach45
Has "Little Miss Potty Mouth" found another BAD pollitician to break down, degrade and criticoze? How the heart of Christ must hurt!
Walking conflict of interest? Like literally every appointee of trump, like every ACTION of trump, like all of trump's family members?
Where were you when #Bernie needed your support? Your silence spoke volumes. @HillaryClinton is #ConflictOfInterest personified #DemExited
But he'll get in anyway. There are not enough Democrats in the Senate. People think the party is doing nothing. Make yourselves heard.
As expected.
Trump's whole family, cabinet, and political advisers should be tarred an feathered g
Senator Warren, the American people are scared of our government. What can we do?
Sounds like his entire administration
You could perform community service in a VA hospital, facility or sheltet.
You don't & won't like anybody POTUS picks but maybe after your term ends & Geoff Diehl replaces you as Senator.....
Please
I love this lady
Thank you, Senator Warren, for trying to sound the alarm of this cataclysm in progress--Trump's entire administration is disastrous!
You look like part of The Walking Dead in front of that podium
How about that Mueller scum talk about conflict of interest.
How about showing your constituency that you can actually accomplish something intelligent?  Get to work!
Here's your FEC page fauxahontas. Why is your campaign paying your $1051 ford credit auto pmt?   Talk about hypocrites.
This republican should pass. Americans need to see what Republicans really are. This is the only way to get rid of this thugs once & 4 all!!
Great catch, Sen. Liz.  PLEASE REFOCUS ON STOPPING TRUMP FROM DRAGGING US INTO HIS DICTATORSHIP........ sorry - sometimes I get carried away
This can't be a surprise. His entire cabinet is a conflict of interest!
Always resisting EVERYTHING. You are such an unhappy person aren't you.
In other words,  no one the President nominates is good enough for you or your party.
@EmmaSegasture @realDonaldTrump @Interior Yea, they all are!
Thank you great Senator Warren
Mrs Warren. More lies. If you worked as hard as your mouth we all would be in better shape. Quit lying!! Tell the Truth!
Can't trust anything you say.  Democrats do nothing but lie and make stuff up.
Trump the #westie to your pack. You must find a leader who can unite & inspire. Hillary cost you the election. You need candidate to bridge
Warren is a sunversive, walking disaster trying  to destroy the founding principles of our republic.  We don't want to be Venezuela.
And your a bumbling fool who never paid a dime for anything.
 'Conflict of interest' ? Where have I heard THAT before?
He should fit in with the rest of the bunch.
Takes one to know one
Which one isn't?!?  This is so freaking exhausting. Everyone is swampy. Russian ties. Completely unqualified.
The redundancy causes me to avoid mentioning the conflicts. From the particular, to the general, to This Guy is Pure Awful Make Him Go Away.
@SenWarren do you actually do any governing or just complaining? I've never seen a politician complain about the other side so much n every
nominee that the POTUS picks. Extend the olive branch and work things out.  This is getting old.
Stop trying to take healthcare away from the poor 23 million citizens
Keep it up warren! Fight the corporate overlords! We in #Mass got your back
@SenateDems You say the same thing about every nominee. Stop obstructing!
You would object if Trump nominated Jesus Christ to lead Christians, sit on your hands Chief Rain in Pants. Chief of the Welost tribe.
When did corporate insider become a dirty term?
It hasn't stopped him or the GOP yet
@SenWarren Please help to start impeachment
There should be NO MORE nominees until the investigation has cleared @POTUS. Period.
Is there anyone that in the Presidents administration that you do like? Another liberal hack that dopes not like conservitives. .
Let's resist!!!  NOW!!
Who would you recommend?
That is what you say about everyone!  You Are simply an old obstructionist!
He will probably be the cause a lot deaths in National parks too. He hates tourists and their children while he colludes with grizzly bears.
So, he'll fit right in.
The fact of the matter is that none of Trump's nominees You like, it has to be a hard core leftist for you to approve, shame on you.
Repeal because taxation is theft.
The more u attack #PresidentTrump the more...

#democRATS just keep on losing
Student: The left turned me into a Trump supporter. http://bit.ly/2trWHW3  
Blablablab
Please be wise enough to know Government run by capitalism has no place left for democracy.
Oh Elizabeth - the Kool-Aide is being passed out faster than it can be made - Trump is going to cause many of us to need counseling
I am so sick of you
Do the following words make click to you regarding Radical Trump:
Dictatorship
Nicolas Maduro's like
Tyranny
Anarchy
Treason
Unfitness
Crap
So what else is new?
YOU KNOW CONFLICT OF INTEREST DON'T YOU POCAHONTAS
The whole CGI is the walking conflict of interest. Got enough cheap labor or do you still have appetite for more? #MAGA
Pocahontas, I think you have a conflict between the left part of your brain and the  correct part of your brain.
SAD!
You are not happy with anybody , you just like to hear and see yourself talk
Sounds like he's successful Mra. Warren. What are your successes?
Liz U are a conflict of interest of the American People-your constant whinning diatribe helps no one and only promotes our enemies

Way to go @SenWarren !

Thank you @SenWarren for standing up to oppose this horrible nominee
#ProtectOurMonuments
Tell us!!! You're working for Amer.people or own interests. Why don't you work together for the people? You and Democratic Party are s.k
Like everyone one else he nominated
That's a requirement for this administration!!
Oh please!  You are an obstructionist and most of us have caught on!  Warren needs to go!
Liz your a walking  breathing MESS
This is nothing new. Anyone who would be interested in associating with him, at this point, is a walking conflict of interest.
U r not gonna like anyone he picks. So who cares what u think. You r gonna get destroyed in the next election anyway. Ppl can't stand u
Why Did the Democratic South Become Republican? http://www.infowars.com/why-did-the-democratic-south-become-republican/ … via @realalexjones
Nevertheless, she persisted when no GOP stood with her to protect national parks and public lands. How tragic for her, for us.
You are so wierd
And you are a do nothing whining politician
Let's listen to lyin Pocahontas
How may this point be made to "sell?" Nepotism and conflict of interest simply do not grab John Q. like a good, juicy, smelly Red Herring.
Better Deal?
Thank you for keeping us informed
So is Trump
All of the other conflicts of interest got their jobs handed to them, do you really think thatll change? Hell, non qualified/no exp got jobs
KEEP FIGHTING ELIZABETH!
Is there anyone trump has nominated that is NOT a walking conflict of interest?
Trump plans on him peddling America's parks and land as real estate deals. 
Just like all the rest of the Cabinet.  (Except Mattis).
Agreed!
Like all the other Nominees? Sickening !
please stop the madness.
You don't approve of any Trump nominees for any position. Why?
which makes hime exactly like the rest of the cabinet, and staff, and congress.
Pocahontas go back to sleep.
I think that's a description of the whole Cabinet. Aka The Swamp.
Why don't you just get it all out. ANYONE @POTUS nominates will never measure up, because I'm sick of hearing you run your mouth.
And you will obstruct anything as long as it's Trump. You are a disgrace. Please retire. You & a lot of others have been there WAY too long!
Sounds like most Democrats.
Great! I really like David Bernhardt. Smart man. Not a Schumer Clown!
Off course he is 
Please stop him
Load em up Donthecon not drain your sewer. Yet another unethical disgusting choice. Perfect for the most corrupt administration in history.
So you've seen the current administration's qualifications memo.
So are you.
@realDonaldTrump only cares about conflict of interest when someone's interests don't align with his.
