Did he sell stocks?  Please investigate insider trading!
they should pay 1 million to each of the 143 million who were exposed/compromised!
Can we get Clinton in on that too?
Make him pay every single impacted persons' damages. @Equifax
All those execs should have to post their vita on the company homepage.
@SenWarren HOW MANY SHARES DID @Equifax MANAGEMENT SELL BEFORE ANNOUNCEMENT......
Ma'am please say it again!!! If Martha can go, so can he!! #Jailtime
He actually received an $18M severance package & we can be sure the GOP will do all possible to obstruct accountability.
Hi thanks for all the help defeating the GOP excuse for a Healtcare bill
Equifax should pay for credit protection for everyone whose data the control!
Their liability is WAY beyond that. They should make whole anyone whose identity is stolen as a result of their poor stewardship.
I agree, but they should also pay to protect us before we become victims of identity theft!
Absolutely. There should be NO COST to consumers. They should also eliminate requiring separate actions with each credit agency.
The next questions: why 3 credit agencies, who elected them to hold everyone's financial info, & why they're not proactive in fixing errors.
yayaya.Sounds great.If CFPB was ever meant 4 the consumr,this wldnt b happenng.The only thng CFPB does is allow scafflaws 2 skirt valid debt
Due to this, scammers are now calling and pretending to be the IRS.  
I urge everyone to call these scammers: 1.307.201.9774.
You just keep being insane and the rest of us will be ok
He should pay back every dime that we will lose and serve time. No leniency for corporate criminals.
Don't like you or support you but on these banking issues you are 1p0% CorrectThere is never any accountability for what may be  criminal
This type of company should not exist. This should be a government function only.
Coward!!
I heard he's getting an $18 million golden parachute after giving away all of our personal information on his watch.
I'm sure he also gets a severance package
They should be prosecuted and put in jail now I can't sleep thing when there going to take my information and miss used it.
And then they sent me something for protection after THEY screwed up! What?  Like I would trust them?
It's a convenient bait and switch and blame it on the guy who left, with no changes to protect consumers,  classic pivot
The SEC needs to go after these Equifax criminals.
He's screws America and goes off to sip Mojitos on a private beach. ...not a care in the world.
#datacartel #datasecurity #dataprivacy #BigData
You said it, Liz.  What are we going to do about it?  It is way past time for real accountability, across the board.
You are so right, Senator Warren!
It seems to me that they should still be accountable, retired or not.
Exactly
Prosecute
Citizens keep being cheated scammed used
Give back the money you've been stealing from Americans.
I assume he's soon to be named to tRump's cabinet.
I can't argue with that!
Did he get his balloon payment for retiring instead of being fired?
You claimed to have seen this coming years ago. Empty BS.
It's what the millionaires do....screw the people
I'm sure he dumped his stock, a joke. Jail him and shut don Equifax NOW!
He jeopardized us and says screw you!
Rich white male....I am so used to that. So sad
No worries, where is he gonna go. The Co. must determine the damage and report any leads to the arrest of all perpetrators.
I reckon enforcing the laws he's broken would be a tad old fashioned?
I'm sure the Equifax CEO will also get a huge severance pay deal also.
Plz do something lmao
Exactly. He gets to retire early and enjoy himself while his replacement must steer the company back on course and take the heat
Did you give back the money you got from jPMorgan in your secret meeting?
#WheresWarren?  Meeting privately w/Jamie Dimon of @jpmorgan.  We thought she was against bankers... #mapoli #masen https://diehlforsenate.com/2017/09/19/daily-caller-elizabeth-warren-met-longtime-wall-street-foe-jamie-dimon/ … 
I had to freeze all my accounts, including my ELDERLY mother.  This cost me $$.  The agencies all made money off this!!!!!!
Why does Wall Street reward failure when the rest of us end up are in dire straights WHILE EMPLOYED?!
He must be a liberal @TheDemocrats then
There is a review going on, as I understand it. But at this point, does anyone really trust that corporate self regulation is legit?
Right on!!
can we get the Clinton foundation to give back some money to Haiti?
How about you giving back a few nickels for the failed ACA. That was your doing, you should be held accountable too don't you think?
Equifax website wants us to also sign up for fraud alerts trial through them... laughable.
And lose your right to join a class action law suit
I believe some have been ruled legally unenforceable.  Prob why a clause in most ToS states if any part is deemed invalid, the rest applies.
How NOT to be a leader!
Exactly why he is getting out of 'Dodge' while he can. If Brd of Directors are honest they will demand $$ from him & other execs.
Please go after them and enforce new rules on transunion and experian. #protectconsumers
Don't trust Pokeyhauntus! !!
When do they ever give the money back?  They always get off
There must be accountability to establish precedence in cultural expectations
Where's the accountability on your DNA test?  You fraud
Yep! That's called #DeepState justice for the #Elite. #SAD
Every digital company has failed, they continue putting out faulty products and yet the CEO's make millions! What's wrong with this picture?
If he did something which warrants a fine, prove it.
Also not real accountability if execs are allowed to resign or retire instead of being fired.
The elite (top 1%) have NO true accountability, NO true ethics. NO true compassion but to themselves. This falls to the middle class.
I am not fully right on the above. There ARE truly good people at those levels. But we tend to hear and retain the negetive. Shame on us.
Get 'em!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yeah. He took the easy way out.
Thank you! I'd also take it a step further & pursue criminal charges if possible against those execs who sold stocks prior to news of breach
It’s okay to ask more from companies. 
Lock his ass up. These guys are crooks just like wells fargo
Did you give your money back to Harvard or the dirty $ you took from menendez
Asset forfeiture is in order
America needs to know what political campaigns he contributed too and see if they're on board with putting his ass in prison for a long time
Senator Menendez hasn't resigned either
Exactly.
JOSEPH STALIN PROVES THE CHURCH IN RUSSIA WAS INVOLVED !AND GOD TELLING US POPE PAUIS THE12 WOULD START WAR! GOD WAS TELLING US CHURCH!
Or being investigated for insider traiding
Yeah..Elizabeth Warren speaking on ethics....love this stuff.........pls run for POTUS 2018
What? He's paid enough of a price... Forced to retire, publicly embarrassed and humiliated. And only an $18 million golden parachute... 
He isn't collecting much of his salary. There was an agreement signed.
Time to freeze his retirement pension
I would bet that their resignations come with a cushy severance package too.
Every American over 30 should be paid a million dollars from Equifax. The damage  done to our credit is yet unseen and they tried to hide it
Senator Warren, here's our new Wells Fargo.  Please take them to the legal wood shed for us
When Bill Clinton pays back his pension I’ll believe you.
Trump will hire him in his cabinet, exactly his kinda folk
It's not accountability when one uses bogus ethnicity claims to improve one's position in life, then rails about other's dishonesty.
Just read that he may be leaving with 18 million.
Exactly. I don't see how any of the affected benefit from this. This was the easy way out for him
It's not real accountability when a senior IRS official walks away scott-free after clear election meddling and political targeting.
Laughing all the way to the bank while the rest of us have to live our lives in anxiety that our personal info is compromised. #Equifax
And I bet he got a lot of money leaving
Well you’re a really shitty senator. Can we demand that you return your pay because you’re doing a shitty job?
It's not real accountability if you don't return the 600000 you got teaching while claiming to be a native American.
It's not accountability when the person hired to investigate potential collusion is BFF's with one of the principals in the investigation.
Elizabeth.. please take a look at what's going on in Puerto Rico.
What can you Do. Same thing you always do talk no action

WHERE ARE THE INVESTORS OR BOARD ON THIS SHAME ON THEM
Claw back all the salaries & bonuses they've been paid for gross incompetence & malfeasance.
@cnn @foxnews @Equifax did the clinton crime family repay all the millions they swindled from "pay for favors" while SecofState?
he needs to be in jail... too many white collar criminals go scott free, could be part of the rage amongst the public... no accountability
Jesus Christ. He didn't break any laws- the company was victim of an attack.
they knew for a couple months it happened. sat on the info, while selling their stocks....
Neat. Point to the law you think he should be prosecuted under.
how about insider trading
Sounds more like a coward who got caught with his hand in the cookie jar, so he runs away.
Sounds like a republican
Where's YOUR accountability? Lying about being an INDIAN? You need to resign and give back YOUR pay you liar
Talk about a jerk
Who do "we the people" hold accountable for this DYSFUNCTIONAL GOVERNMENT?
Are K STREET LOBBYISTS more important than "we the people"? WALL ST. THIEVES in control of the CCM + GAS/HEATING OIL?
I wish I could swindle someone for millions.
Shut them down. Stop tweeting about it.

Privilege of the super rich.
yes it is (dolly Parton) your party WFP
Sooooooo True.
Tweet Tweet! True, but it's a start...whether or not it's in the right DIRECTION is debatable.
It is outrageous that this corporate incompetence is rewarding with millions in salary.
You’re the only fraud in America!!
Who does he think he is? A politician?
This.
Warren the Great
