
Keep that in mind. Trump said his plan will be cheaper, better, cover everybody, etc.  We'll just see how that works out.  Stay healthy...
one things for sure, it won't be worse than Obamacare.Libtards dont care tho.Jus obstruct
wait so charging people more based on their age and/or preexisting conditions (which just about everyone has) is not worse?
Shoulda got insurance before they got sick. Simple.
Ha, I guess no one is born with a preexisting condition. Even if you haven't had a lapse in insurance they can charge you more because of it
Pregnancy is a pre-existing condition under this bill.
Hmm if only they could get insurance before they got pregnant....
Get real Elizabeth! Obamacare already stripped healthcare away from millions and was going to leave millions more without care. 0 Providers
YES...Took the words right out of my mouth! People are going broke with this "..affordable, affordable, affordable health care"
Trumpcare will kill people with pre existing conditions.
My husband has cancer! His oncologist told us he prayed we'd do away with Obamacare. He's sees all his patients suffering
You mean so his patients can die?  Your husband wont be able to afford premiums under AHCA.  All major health org. are against AHCA.
Horrible comment! You don't state someone's loved 1 is going to die as a political point! Especially an individual u don't know! Shame!
Where did I say he was going to die??
Should have reread your comment before responding & then apologized. I have no space for individuals who lack common decency #blocked
I'm still trying to understand how a wall is more important than the health of Americans!
You'll understand when a person who entered the US illegally steals your identity or assaults you or kills someone you love.
And you can start with families of these 2 girls
Sandy hook he killed the owner of the guns to get them.  Orlando had gone through bgc and was found able to have a firearm.
So u don't like civil rights!
I am falling in love with this woman. Yes my heroine. Let us fight! For a free nation from morons and liars like TRUMP INCORPORATED
Fight
Ready to fight the good fight.  They are  hypocrites.  They claim to stand by the unborn but ready to sell out the poor elderly disabled
Elizabeth Warren: we know you will whimper and whine no matter what. 
Can't your millions and millions and millions comfort you SOME?
I saw women's healthcare.  What about men's healthcare? SMH.
Here come the riots. Nothing like inciting violence to get a message across.
We all know where this is heading. "Fight" for the left translates to riots.
16... age or IQ?
The length of her school bus may be the key.
How very nice of you to insinuate that I'm disabled & discriminate against the disabled in the process. Thanks for confirming my allegations
You're very welcome.
How about you introduce a bill to make it legal for their constituents to punch them in the face?
PRES. WARREN.  HAAA...HA Ask any Massachusetts voter what they really think of POCAHONTAS
The good news: hell hath no fury like a bunch of pregnant mothers in danger of losing maternity benefits.
FIGHT! Thank you for leading us
Why don't you fight for all human rights. Not just your party
Women will now stop reporting rape for fear of losing insurance 
You should have run against him. SO many wanted to vote for you. Instead, I'm stuck with Mitch, who plans on living out his life in office.
Sources cite millions of Americans saying they are being oppressed by violent, hating Democrats, their lives being ruined.
Fight back against this horrible bill.
Pocahontas, the Bill passed, now get over it! @realDonaldTrump @SickOfPeople321 @JudgeJeanine @billoreilly
They just threw down the gauntlet. And we picked it up. #2018iscoming.
It's probably too late. At least for the next four years.
VomitCrats want us to die on waiting lists like the Disgraceful No care at the VA
Medical slavery
#maga
#infowars
You're aware this new bill cuts funding to the VA, correct?
You are aware of the massive Corruption in the single payor run VA?
Yes. And tell me how trump new healthcare policy will fix this while cutting funds?
Are you a reader or watcher of video and a thinker?
Do you think for yourself?
Honest answers
Where does govt get money from?
Of course I think for myself. Your answering questions with questions is ineffective at proving any kind of point that you seem hell bent on
No answer on the first two questions...
No answer to mine. You know, the original topic of conversation.
I'm waiting for the CBO estimates to come in. My bet is that it's 3x worse than the last bucket of crap they tried to pass....
Go get a real job !!
Always fight back! We are not going away, the resistance is only going to grow.
Liarwatha
wait until you get sick and can't get insurance next year
I'm a member of the 1%.  Even .10%.  I benefit from your tears
As God fearer u will go to hell for killing millions of innocent people with #TrumpCare #EuthanasiaAct
go back to where ever you came from
I'm sure i will i live and love in  the country .@realDonaldTrump says has real health care #AussieCare
English please
it will be too late to do something next election most of us will be  dead for lack of health care!
Millions lost their jobs AND insurance with Obamacare & millions more can no longer afford their insurance. Take your seat, you nitwit.#MAGA
Keep your Obamacare..and let's see how it's working a year from now...and oh yeah...good luck
The new bill includes massive cuts to Medicare. Massive cuts to Medicade. No protection for pre-existing conditions. The war is one.
Why aren’t we calling it Trumpcare?
Because it's TrumpCaresNot
TrumpdontCare
We will fight Harder against abortion, illegal immigration, poor VA benefits, corruption, and a hole senators!
5% Americans generate 50% of health care costs!
Elizabeth Warren sounds like she's trying to incite violence
The horror! Let's get to a trump rally for safety!
Hey Trump rally sounds good maybe not for you bikers for Trump may not like you too much
Boy he wasn't lying when he said he loves the uneducated. That's the exception btw, not the rule.
CALL IT #TRUMPCARE… make them own this mess!
Here's the democrats mess
We should have left it and let it collapse around the Dems ears.
I agree but they wouldn't of gotten blame they never do. Look what they've gotten away with so far.
Yeah, the radical #liberal #MSM wouold lie and cheat and say it was #conservatives fault.
Yup they protect them and it sucks.
Name a SPECIFIC PROVISION from #Obamacare to change. Because I have studied it extensively, and all potential improvements are liberal.
Bull. You could NOT "studied it extensively" as there is not a full description yet! Lying #liberal @ it again! #AHCA
You are such a freaking joke.lies lies and more lies!
So whimper and whime it is, lest from what we have seen so far  hahahaha
Elizabeth, you are not being honest with people. What will it take for you to be honest with people? - Oh I know getting you voted out!!
She'll never be voted out of MA. And how is she not being honest?
Dear White America,

Welcome to the struggle.

Signed,
Black America

#AHCA #AHC2017
Dear black Obama & gang,

thanks for healthcare. 

Sincerely,
White people that had great healthcare in 2007 because they work for a living
Where do you work that you would even be impacted by the ACA? Most working people aren't impacted at all...
I can only imagine you're still on your parents plan since you clearly haven't shopped insurance lately.
Yes, insurance through employers was negatively impacted thanks to nignogcare.
You go!
obamacare is bankrupting millions of middle class families pocahontas, you dummy!
GET'EM!!!
Funny how they still look like men
(doesn't have anything smart to say, says something misogynistic)
Would you happen to be a liberal?
Such an evil, evil, evil political party!! It's going to be AGES before another Repub is president. Repubs should not even exist! Pure evil!
This is nothing but fear mongering. Stop lying and start listening to the people for a change. You can not fool everyone.
Because if you like your Dr you can keep your Dr, or if you like your plan you can keep your plan, right?
Please don't be a depraved-hearted murder . Let's pray about it. 
what would you know about financial strain
Shut up Warren!!!!!  Gawd you're pathetic.
So while the Bourgeois celebrate in the Rose-garden we are back on the streets & Town halls showing our "love"to the orange slime-RESIST!!
how oh glorious leader.  the democrats are useless.
disease, sickness and old age...i wasn't aware that Obamacare cured the last one. BTW, healthcare is a service...no Hospital works for free!
And ACA force millions of hard working Americans to buy something they couldn't afford or pay a penalty!  Sounds like blackmail to me!
Fight back and how with persistence, persistence and persidence!
I'm fighting!
GOP has the gumption to do what is going to MAGA!

I'm not sure healthcare is a "human right". Socialist thinking.
Blah blah blah
Are you trying to outdo Hillary with the lies? Disgraceful.
Obama care said costs would go down. Didn't.
Obama care said keep own doctor. Couldn't.
Obama care said could keep your plan. No plans left!
PLEAR PLEASE PLEASE STOP.  You are almost single-handedly killing our party. Everybody sees through it.
Suckin' the old Trumpet ey ;)
Did the person who types out your tweets go on vacation? Huh #Pocahontas ? #libtards #straightjacket #insane #asylum #draintheswamp #MAGA
Opportunist Wannabe2020 pres candidate Weak Warren, critic of O's $4HT speech, yet supported HRC &corrupt ClintonFoundation, she "cares".
Prove it; give us ur proof Pocahontas!!!
So Aetna - 2nd largest health insurer in USA - announced they are pulling out of all Obamacare exchanges.
If you want to keep your doctor & you health plan you can and you get 2500 what a liar where the democrats calling out about the Huge liar
Thems is fightin words! We cannot except anything less then what we deserve as Americans! #No2ACARepeal #StopBigotry #NoBanNoWall #POTUS
Obama care caused my cardiologist friend to lose his hospital job in WA.Could no longer afford meds. Stopped meds. Died. ACA killed him!
Let's fight.
want or need on my plans. I have no need for pre-natal care, mammograms or Pap Smears any more than chicks need Prostate exams. Why should I
Just whimper and be done with it.  Midterms are coming up sweet pea.
you didn't care about the thousands of vets that died last year.Or the millions that paid the penalty on there taxes.Why don't you care
Then stop taking potshots at President Obama, and keep your eye on the prize.
Apparently @realDonaldTrump doesn't know how the bill process works. Please pass this on to our @POTUS.
Senator Warren is campaigning on a platform of "Freedom from Want". No society built upon that foundation has ever delivered OR fourished.
Take 4 example the sad truth of the Ameican Indian. Yes we took their land but in recent years have tried to provide for "their every need"
You are so distructive. U r a threat to America. Resign
; Warren, shameful and recklass. The ACA was one of the biggest scams on the American people. Congress was exempt, hm!

http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/U7dRb … @SenWarren2020 at #NoTrumpcare protest @buberzionist @uh_rona @wff1022 @k5create @rkfatheree @ahumorlessfem
You have whimper and whine down pat!! #fakenews
Each of the 217 Reps that voted yes can and should be held fully accountable for each of the 'parade of horribles' flowing from #AGCA SHAME!
We must fight back!!
How is that working for ya?
As it is right now with Obamacare citizens cant even afford their premiums thanks to Obamacare
@SenateDems Time To Vote Them Out! @SenateGOP
Senator the power to change what the people have said is in yours and your democrat colleagues hands. The vote to halt this is the Senate
Hundreds of counties in America left without health coverage under Obamacare. People are needlessly suffering and dying.
Are you on Obamacare Senator??? How many democrats or republicans for that matter are under Obamacare??
.@realDonaldTrump in the Swamp that needs to be drained #DemForce #resist #TheResistance #RESISTANCE #Trumpcare
Cesspool-a disgusting or corrupt place
Why weren't you covered under Obamacrap, Fauxcahontas?
Each of the 217 Reps that voted yes can and should be held fully accountable for each of the 'parade of horribles' flowing from #ACHA SHAME!
Hey Pocahontas, remember when Chief Obama said" if you like your Medicine Man you can keep your Medicine Man" ?
Him speak with forked tongue
Fight back. Take another of Warren's "classes" so she can make another $700,000. For the little people
.But can you paint with all the colors of the wind? #ACHA  @realDonaldTrump @elizabethforma
You need a reality check Indiana Princess
THE REPUBLICANS 
SHAMEFUL
WICKED
GREEDY
CRUEL 
BEHAVIOR DISPLAYED TODAY DEFIES 
DESCRIPTION.
"LETS PARTY DOWN NOW THAT WE'VE DESTROYED
HC"
U & fellow Establishment Elitists would rather full govt takeover so American people will remain indentured to government, Just Say NO!
Pocahontas since Obamacare passed what have you done to improve all its problems? Your TEAM is losing and you are now just playing the game.
Great Wrinkled Beaver soundem heap big mad!
When all this shit is over the American people will have no more than the citizens of North Korea.  Just keep your eyes open and watch...

bye @SenWarren
Trillion dollar tax cut hmm where did all that money go to?
Tell the truth, Trumpcare helps people those on 10 of millions on Obamacare were going to be losing when the prices go up again, stop lying
Warren didn't care when millions lost plans they liked, had their premiums & deductibles skyrocket when Obamacare passed
OMG i may be Canadian but you Elizabeth Warren are AWESOME!!!
Why don't you offer to smoke the peace pipe and have some valuable input on the Senate version. Or you could lay on your back and scream
Is that pokahontis?  Or goofy Elizabeth I can't tell lol.  Faked her way into Harvard lol
Liar, you and your Dems need to get a reality check, and quit fighting POTUS.
Hey tanto
Thank you Senator Warren for standing with us.
#maga
Senator Warren, can a bill be sponsered that ensures that the Presidentsl elections are held on Saturday & Sunday & keeping early voting?
Countries that vote on the weekends have higher turn outs than the US.  France had a 70% turn out in the last weekend election.
How do you say Sen. Warren? Lockstep ideological hypocrisy
Good Heavens, E. Warren, don't you ever tire of hearing yourself talk? I know I do. GO AWAY!!!!
You are out of touch for most Americans. Move to Cuba. I'm sure they would welcome your leftist views there.
#AHCA natural predator in disguise, will KILL our aged and already ill. Ask SC  citizens needing medicaid. No More BS #Vote2018 @VanJones68
Fight to deliver us from the Insanity and doom that is current administration.  Too many cowards in Congress. Rich cowards stealing from us!
I don't see you sniveling about car insurance rates adversely affecting single males under the age of 25. Why not? Hypocrite much?
Oh boy, you're the Queen of whimpering and whining...like fingernails on a chalkboard.  A millionaire Sen with Fed subsidized healthcare.
Yes, I am willing to fight, march, donate. Whatever it takes. I can't have my children grow up in the backward United States of today.
its not a basic human right to get FREE FREAKING HEALTH CARE you dope

get government out of healthcare
Right on, Elizabeth, our next president.
you have no right to criticize or exclaim victory with you and your Democrat friends didn't try to save Obamacare
You do realize they were going to lose it anyway after the last insurers pulled out of the exchanges? The GOP should've let it collapse
#ThankYou for persisting.  #MayTheFourthBeWithYou
Warren, you are a joke, please just go away!!  Obummer care is a joke and costing ppl a hell of a lot more than led to believe!  GO AWAY!!
#Obamacare stripped HC from millions ass increased costs.  Where were your objections over the past ~8 years?
Well, if the past is any indicator, the Dems will manage to screw it up again. I'm a Dem but I'm totally disappointed by the Dem leadership.
I wish Warren would become mute...
Bimbo
#RyansLemmings
Thank you for giving us hope Senator Warren!
How many died in Chicago so far this year? How many illegals killed US cits. Elections have consequences. Remember that ?? 2 more SC seats
sorry but under obama care i fought my insurance company all the way cancer treatment dems lie
We need you to come to Oklahoma. It's time to turn OK back to blue!
I think of you specifically as a # WHINER you habitually complain, how about joining Americans and help make USA great & we welcome you 
I love you Ms Warren!!!!
WRONG-GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT HUN.
Pls stop w/ the basic human right rhetoric. Sickness and death are part of life. Of course it's hard. Individual preparedness is the answer.
keep going! Fight back. They can't win.
Elizabeth Warren is out of touch with Americans. Trump is doing a great job but you can not accept it so you are spiteful
#maga
Another issue nobody talks about is that many hospitals and clinics across the nation will not accept Obamacare as payment for services.
They stack the odds still we take to the street
For the kill with the skill to survive....
