it's a plan to "thin the herd" - millions will die. Seems like that's what they want. Evil.
@advocatemikos @SenWarren

The REAL trick is, getting those poor whites to vote FOR their very own death panel.

Sheep>Slaughter.
And they did!! They voted for him and now they will die for lack of healthcare. How is ANYONE ok with this?
no they won't die but they may get off their butt and work for a change
What a twit.
Blocked her/it.
Tge retort of the simple minded without any class. Attack a woman's looks. At least try not parroting some1 else.
I have read Libs making fun of Pres. Trump for weeks!  Lighten up.  SHE said she was Native American. 
@co_rapunzel4 @Kris_Sacrebleu #Family #Veterans #Law Sleezy Character to Face Karma & Minor in Court https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits#fullscreen …
How do I get that gif saved to my phone. I WANT!
open the pic on your phone and take a screenshot--hold down home button and on button
In other words, I want the motion to speak for itself as to how creepy 45 is. 
45 is creepy in so many ways, they defy quantification.
your creepy...
that's what we're saying, Trump is creepy!
#MyPresident <3

The P. dipwad said this about Obamacare, and now says the opposite for the new bill.   Jeepers
hypocrisy at its finest!!
guess you'd know.  
You liberals just don't get it.


, that was McChump's plan all along!
Warren Para Presidenta 2020
no other way to say it democrats are sore losers . And are dividers!
Help us save the ACA!!!!!!!
@jenbfischer Exactly. If it goes thru, they will regret that vote that they made.
@deejay90192 Nothing new,repuglicans have always been for the wealthy leaving this country a mess after they leave, dems clean up
Amen!
the rich don t need health insurance
is delusional.  Obamacare is a disaster and your part of the problem.  Take a seat and watch how adults get things done.
adults? Are you serious? He posts on Twitter at 3am. I guess that doesn't interrupt his golf rounds.
Adults? Fml
you have him confused with Obama; played golf when he should have represented our country.
better check that peg. Trump vs obama
Warren Para Presidenta 2020
Which is what you do everyday, that's why you know how it works!
You are kicking the dirt in everyones face and shitting on us also, let the man do his job. Obamacare is the worst thing ever
I hate to say this, but ObamaCare is using the high high high tax from middle class to help the poor. Too Unfair !!!
Republican party is run by ideologues. They hate gov. Problem is all health care systems in the west r run by gov
hag
why is the Republican Party allowing this abomination of the electoral process to embarrass America in front of the whole world?
Yep. Sounds like you would fit right in
now this is a fact she has it exactly right Trump gets richer and to hell with the rest of AMERICA that's Trump's point of view.
Liz you are all lies!
its better than supporting a bunch of lazy ass freeloaders
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 #Veterans Love it! @JoyAnnReid KEEPING BS At Bay & NRA TeaParty On POINT https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resources-2/2017/2/12/missing-members-of-congress-action-plan …
Youn are without a doubt the worst woman in politics. A close second is #nancypelosi #LiarLiberals #pocahontas2017
don't forget the loony Maxine Warters
@deejay90192 But if TrumpCare passes the dirt will be to cover the Graves!
How do we stop this!!
you are so right, sadly but not surprisingly!
speaking of wealthy, how's life living off the Tax payer Lizzy?
Like u give a crap abt anyone but your Filthy Rich Self. 
Did you not get Rich of the Tax payers! You lie and mislead everything an one u talk too. Your a Fake !
if that is the case we will deal with GOP and Trump at next election.  The ACA is a failure.
how about PowWowChow?
reading the libs responses whilst trying not to shit my pants laughing is very tough. You couldn't make these people up
in the meantime you're the one taking money from the government and owning mansions on $150,000 salary
are you even working to help? No. You don't care about the little guy or AMERICA. You've shown us that. So unite or shutup.
Elizabeth, how much $ do YOU make? While you're talking abt RICH ppl & all.. Your hypocrisy is showing.
kinda like an angry Indian huh ?
you're very rich, so will you be one of the imaginary dirt kickers?
Anybody said via smoke signals or interpretive dance yet?
Another way to say it is "Squaw Warren speak with forked tongue!"
I say you try to adds provision to cover treatment my Tribal Medicine Men...just sayin'
...hey fauxcahontas, you go back to teepee....

This argument is invalid and worn out be original
I'm still pulling the trash out of my eyes from ObamaCare.




There's no other way to say it: YOU ARE A FK'ING CROOK!! Where'd you get the money, LIZ?
you are a joke please put in your resignation
shut up Pocahontas
they really do
i know
.@SenWarren You are DUMB AS A ROCK!
shut up Pocahonras
agree!
@EatTheOligarchy
Sort of like Obama's #0PubOpt of Insurance Mafia Bagmen is IRL
Actions > words

-Elizabeth-demos need to quit giving away our money to people who refuse to work-want handouts-want Free everything
Elizabeth-get on board-oh but wait-that's the only way you can get re-elected-
Is trump bribing gop to get them to do what he wants? New cars? Houses? Cash? If so, bill might pass.
thank you for standing up for us.   Signed, a Concerned Senior Citizen
does the military get built up by taking from the poor the rich should pay taxes to protect there money
Not just #trumpcare EVERY single thing @realDonaldTrump admin does is from spite and contempt for ALL NON rich ppl
Yes, and it also appears he may retaliate against portions of the country that didn't vote for him in large percentages;
get them out. This is immoral
it's harshly Darwinian, especially coming from ppl who think the earth is 6,000 yrs old
get some new material feather head
So a form of genocide? Hitler did this with Jewish before the camps built.
are we finally talking about the banksters?
he admitted it'd make wealthy investors rich and the poor suffer. These dumb bastards that voted him in will rue their day
the ACA has been kicking dirt in my face and my family's ever since it was passed. Higher premiums for me!!
you are ridiculous!! You drone on and on... meanwhile doing nothing!! I will ignore from now until you leave office.
now they have nothing and want to pull a few scraps together to call it a great plan. It will kill millions. Now we must obstruct
you got it and that is the truth. The GOP has had years to come up with a good plan but they were too busy obstructing for spite.
Oh you mean the same way the rich got richer under Obama?
I agree.
#notahealthplan. #taxcutsfortheuberrich
. Repub motto: None of my $ is going to THOSE people = Poor children, poor elderly, veterans, struggling middle class, the sick.
why don't you participate in what the average American has to? Get off the system!
Typical liberal class warfare. Problem is under liberals no one prospers except the politicians.
reckon it should be called TrumpRyancare - let both of them wear this shameful plan into perpetuity.
#Trumpcareless
@HeyHeyitsLezJ No its not. Its just to screw native american senators.
@73mbh shovel dirt on us more like it
Or onto their graves.
did u not get paid 400k for pretending to be native American? Gives new meaning to the phrase #FakeAmerican?
#trumpLies remember when trump said he was the King of Debt. He made a lot of money off of foreclosures! No hoome for you or med
At this time, I prefer to call it the "Ryan Doesn't Care Act."
I agree
Liar! Go away or work together! You're Always stirring up Trouble...
Take a seat
no actual real constructive criticism. It is "the man" getting richer, that is who to blame. You see entitlements as votes. Shame
can we please discuss solutions? I already know what Trump is doing; what are we going to do?
@Imaginpc2day and what's Patriotic about destroying the environment & killing our Natl Parks? #narcissisticpersonalitydisorder
well, yeah...
What else can be expected from the entitled ass that never had to work to live
Please help us impeach Trump. He's a mobster. Bad 4 country. Lier. Bully. Impunity? GOP cowards. Trump must be impeach now !!
@BernieBrigade , why aren't YOU & the @TheDemocrats pushing for Medicare for all?
"Part" of the plan is correct. Corporate Whores!
Dump that Dam wall!  Put it in healthcare.  Show us how much he cares about our people. Like he promised in his campaigns.
He needs to dump that dam wall and put money into healthcare, elderly and those less fortunate.  We all do not have gold spoons in our mouth
@potus pochahantas how did you & bernie make your millions & not pay your fair shares.
can we all just agree that our current system is awful from top to bottom? #TRUMPCARE is worse. Neither has end user in mind.
If the aca is so good why do I pay 1700$ for one person who has no health issues????
please talk about overall cost increase not just premium increase. It makes the plan even worse
There is no other way to put it liberals are a cancer in this country.
GOP strategy is #LetThemDie.
they don't want to take care of the sick they like u to ways on meds for life or dead fast it's about who can make money of you
Grow up.
Trumpdoes'ntcare represents his views of poor Americans.
Then empty your savings and retirement account to support them.
GO TO WORK 
They must find their heads annoying. Off with them.
WHAT PLANET ARE YOU FROM?
Absolutely! Go back to the old system. Insurance co and hospitals make more $ and the rest get screwed!
@MAHAMOSA Stop acting like the @TheDemocrats are any better, or different
They are in a hurry because they only have 4 years In order to fatten their bank accounts before Americans can stop them!
As was Obamacare. Government mandated healthcare doesn't work no matter who introduces it.
Misleading is the same as lying you fibber.
do you understand that when you engage in such hyperbole that you further estrange yourself from most of America?

more lies...
wait a minute I thought it was Putin & Trump's master plan to make the rich richer...right after they took over the world!
So was O'care...
ifs there a proposal from CBO to cut veterans concurrent retirement and disability? It's not much & many will become homeless.

obamacare is no better.
You better bring it in 2018. Don't let us down.
Keep what we have and fix it.
Yep, that's what it is. However, OCare was so great it....wait, failed miserably! Stop whining and help our country for once!
Hey...we'll get trickled on, and should be thankful to our betters. SAD
So you will benefit....post your Tax returns I love when rich people think they know what hard working people want...
No it's a plan to provide Americans to choose and possibly actually get the coverage they want with this hard earned income
No way to see it as anything else.
bullshit. When will YOU pay back $ YOU STOLE by LYING about Cherokee blood?
Wow. Out of touch much?
#TrumpcareIsAnOXYMORON
credit to @meghan_ !!
oh and you haven't already kicked dirt in our faces.
well at least will have lot less stupid people
well the American voters got greedy now they get what's comming
how much will you be worth when you leave the tax payers position we gave you? "you can wash the dirt off my face".
WE SEND YOU TO WASHINGTON TO WORK FOR THE  PEOPLE. ,PUT YOUR DIFFERENCES A SIDE AND GET TO WORK
You know that Obamacare was crushing jobs and business because of it taxes. I guess you like to see people unemployed.
They're taking everything from Ur play book!We know Ur salary?How come Ur so rich?Ur Party has kicked dirt in middle class4 8 yrs! Hypocrite
What is it with #GOP!? Why so self-centered? Why so selfish!? 14,000 losing hlthcare is tragedy! #ProtectOurCare NO to #Trumpcare
Hypercriticism is not a step; what would FDR do?  Soc Scty sustains for generations albeit at risk. It is only 1 of 2 - HCare #2
how can we beat them? not be their prey? team up to be healthy , not sick. encourage each other to walk. not eat junk. we can win
we are barely hanging onto actual healthcare. when it should be a fight for single-payer with private option insurance for others
Well that's at least a considerate move since we'll already be dead. The least they can do is bury us!
you democrats did that the past 8 years, & now you're offended??
- yes but Hillary would've done nearly the same thing. Your party (formerly mine) is beholden to the 1% too
needs to be a HUGH protest  if older people like myself would get up off those fat buts and let's make this work for everyone !
@EdRedstateblues #TRyancare - 'Cause the GOP is TRyan to kill us po' old folk!
Sen. Warren you should run for President in 2020!!!!
