The Minneapolis City Council just approved raising the minimum wage to $15! 

That's such good news, I had to sing a song to celebrate. 
Soon, you'll be like Seattle and people will stop hiring because they can't afford it - good for you.

Just goes to show how Minneapolis City does not understand the economics of minimum wage, watch the jobs disappear !
And watch how many companies shutter their doors over it. And watch how many people get laid off, and/or hours cut back. Amazingly stupid
Take the DNA test. If your not part Indian you should be investigated for fraud. The college should be reimbursed your "teaching" salary.
15$ people loose jobs companies close or use machines yet you don't pay educated staff that much
@keithellison why did you send back the 23 and me test?
I guess they can expect those McDonalds kiosks soon.  You might put Basic Economics by Thomas Sowell on your summer reading list.
You Democrats.  Why pay someone $15/hr when you can automate and eliminate them.  You've just out-priced your job.
This is Good News! 
Good news! --> Federal court blocks Trump EPA on air pollution; says they can't suspend Obama-era emissions rule. 
http://wapo.st/2tD400r?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.2633549e53ed …
WE LOVE YOU ELIZABETH.
Take the DNA test, let's see your native ancestry, what are you afraid of chief?
Take the DNA test
Isn't Minnesota the state with all those Somali terrorists?
Respectfully I disagree.
You have NO IDEA what you are promoting, jobs cut drastically, robots, auto pay, credit cards ONLY, the list will increase, unemploy UP, UP!
Liz, I love it too! Machines don't screw up everything they do like min wage teens USED to..lol.. Now teens can rob you while I order myself
I ordered McD's from a screen today! Loved it! No dope paid too much( $8 hr) to screw it up. Min wage makes my life idiot free! Thanks!
@keithellison
We the people demand you take the #ancentrytest
Keep lying to your dwindling voter base Pocahontas. Can't wait till your lying ass gets voted out by a more intelligent man & real Indian
Worked pretty well in Washington. Oh wait no it didn't a bunch of the poorest people lost their jobs because companies automated their jobs
Robots coming to fast food places near you. Nothing like shooting yourself in the foot, right, #fauxcahontas?
Electronic kiosks here we come!
So yes, some people will be making $15. an hour, others will be unemployed.  Simple fact of life.
Wow! I hope other blue states follow!
Now get ready to start closing businesses! Companies can't afford such a great wage hike!
Congratulations! Now you can start shutting down small businesses like California and Washington!
Elizabeth Warren is very very very stupid.
Great work fucking over small businesses and unskilled workers, Minneapolis!!
Those unskilled worker have families to support
It's not unskilled it's workers that want a certain number of hours to still claim support.
Automated electronics kiosks are on the way to Minneapolis.  

Work 24x7
No sick days
No holidays
No $15 an hour

Wait and see how long it take for the entry level jobs become more automated. Check out what McDonald's is doing for example to save $$
@keithellison Assuming full time employee, increase op cost of 7k per employee.  Businesses won't eat that loss.
@SenWarren, you and your party are trying to kill the middle-class. We are tired of your party raping us. Now WE are FIGHTING back!
I see more kiosks in there near future,and more unexperienced workers giving up on looking for a job,since there wont be any jobs
Democrats won't be happy until the whole Country is Unemployed.
And they will all be out of work. Replaced by kiosks.
Ms, Warren, please take the DNA / HERTIAGE test!!
To see, if you are an Indian????
Like
@SenWarren Yeah all the restaurants left town and now they are poverty areas and ghettos LoL #PovertyPimps
Let’s just hope that costs or taxes don’t go up with the increase.
Congrats @keithellison for the win!!
Well, Fauxcohontas?
As a small business owner I can say if that happened in my town I would let all of the teenagers go one less adult employee and work more
I dare you 
Looks like ur competition is getting the best of u,ur a cheater,liar used fake minority 2 get into college, shame on U,not above the rules
did u not learn from what happened in Seattle
@SenWarren is #liar
SO WHY DIDN'T YOU ACCEPT THE BIRTHDAY GIFT OF A DNA TEST???
Useless Senator occupying space in DC. We need a Senator that will actually work for #Massachusetts so you can write your books Such a waste
As an automation engineer, I welcome and applaud the efforts of the Minneapolis City Council.
Great news for the robots!
This is not good!
@keithellison GREAT JOB. Now your wages DROP  less HOURS to get PAID. #fakeindian 
No, you mean "fewer" hours.
LESS , FEWER?   Ok 
Vote @va_shiva not @SenWarren
You know he a Muslim right
Great work is you are a politician but the real people are suffering more thanks to the incompetence of people like EW and the like
Radical Muslim Keith Ellison, a rising star for @TheDemocrats!
Come on, Pocahontas. Take the DNA test.
Ummm...  you've seen how this has FAILED in Seattle, correct? Nonetheless you cheer this? You must hate poor people. SENILE!
This country is so divided. Could we not reach across the isle, make an attempt at center with someone who has the same concerns.
We need this nationwide! The fact that employment didn't go down proves that megacorporations have the money to pay for this.
Yeah and it will put many small bussiness out of business. Stupid. Get trained for a higher paying job!
That's good that Minneapolis raised the minimum to 15 but it would be better if the minimum wage was 15 in all 50 states
Senator, time to realize economics are not your strong point.
Lot unemployed workers real soon. Way to go Minneapolis!!
Please take the 23 and me test.
Senator Phony Will you be singing the same song when employers hire less and reduce hours to save on payroll?
Tell the Republican congressman we have A new Health Care plan ready to go it's called Medicare and Medicaid. It's proven and it works
Lying Crazy Donald has no credibility, anything he say is just BS. Do us a favor resign, take Kelly Anne don't Con me no Way with him
Go and do the same....
say good bye to small businesses they can't keep up at 15 dollars an hour
Someone please give me reasons as to why raising the minimum wage is a good idea
Warren is completely clueless!
Since minimum wage laws are inherently racist, I'll take this as YOU actively supporting racism. Great Job! #dizzymisslizzie
Welcome to pakistan Elizabeth. Hope you have a chance to meet ordinary very hospitable people!
Hmm.  Maybe you should do a little "fairness in pay" analysis, at your own office! Snopes explan? Same as always!
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
She needs to take the test!
Van Jones: Russia is “Nothing burger”– American Pravda: CNN Part 2 https://youtu.be/l2G360HrSAs  via @YouTube
And now they can join Seattle in the "Unintended Consequences" club.  You can't legislate a "living wage" for jobs that aren't living jobs.
Now they'll be cutting jobs.  Way to go.
LOL VIDEO : Trump on Fake News Media "I’m President and They’re Not" http://truthfeed.com/lol-video-trump-on-fake-news-media-im-president-and-theyre-not/87260/ … via @truthfeednews
Hello
Yep that's great now watch all the business fold and workers get there hours cut
1% liz has no clue
Tell Mass to go $30 an hour. Or better yet what you make an hour, don't the tax payers of Ma deserve the same pay as you, they work harder
It won't be long they will soon regret this decision.
Great News Mrs Warren. Now all the kids coming out of high school have no motivation to improve themselves. All others need motivation.
This only means that less people will be working
More ppl getting fired because employers can't afford $15 for unskilled workers. Congrats.
Yeah! Great work! Making poor people poorer & more dependent is what Demoncrats do best. Isn't that right #Fauxchohantas #SacOshitJawia.
And when workers start losing hours because employers can't afford to pay them full time? Study in WA proved will happen. #worthlessWarren
Does not even understand basic economics yet insist on involvement in banking matters. Remind me Beth where were you on @SenSanders Sanders
Great news now unemployment will rise way to go you people are geniuses
Minnesota will go broke in about 6 months, businesses will shut down..watch & see
So great! I wonder how many people will lose their minimum wage jobs now! But who cares! They'll have a couple extra bucks for a while.
5000 jobs lost in Seattle, lol
This guy is a radical pig.
Great work, Minneapolis! Automated ordering and checkout will soon replace thousands of entry level workers. #unintendedconsequences
Warren is an idiot. Wish she would move to a deserted island.
Yah Ah!!! Let's see if the same nonsense as in Seattle.  Eventually you will have to tell people the truth.  More $ per hour = less hours???
You have free health care! Support our President. You are not working for the American voters. You just call us names!
Worked well for Seattle.

$15 is not working in Seattle they're actually losing hours. Please get real
Yeah great job! Now for everyone to order there fast food from a computer
Yay!  $8.99 Big Macs!!!!!
Unions are drooling over this.
Completely ignorant of failure of this in Seattle and other cities
Right - look at what happened in Washington State - raised the wage and jobs went away - good idea Liz!  @potus @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Let my People go watch the great Exodus in business and tax base way to go Dems
Worked so well in Oregon
I am so happy to hear this. Places a little bit of hope in my heart.
Oh ya. Look at Seattle. 15 means less hrs and less money. It doesn't work!!!
Great Work? Worker will take home less money!
Automation, here it comes!
Now their hours have been cut and they are losing money. Yeah that's great work.
Congrats on what? Job loss and fewer work hours?

So helpful.
So glad to see you support the policy that will put small businesses out of business. Seattle is proof
Check out the results in Seattle before you start congratulating Minneapolis.
Minneapolis end result is going to be the same as #ACA , #DemocRats keep digging a bigger hole, You R horrible at economics!
I hope MN is not like Missouri #Moleg. Overturned St. Louis's  attempt. Wages go down from $10 to $7.70 next month. THX @EricGreitens
Despite trolls quoting faulty studies to the contrary, YES Minn is on the right track!  Ppl who work hard, full time, should not be starving
Those are starter jobs. You get those when your in high school. Those are not careers!!!
Even despite the negative effect and impact that the $15 an hour minimum wage has in Seattle. The true definition of ignorance
How many small Business will close How many people will lose their jobs over this. The left never learns.
Should get a lot of people on unemployment
Job killing Dems...Great Work idiots
There goes your cost of living
Ask the workers in Seattle how that's working for them?

Well pochahontas I would expect this from you.  More layoffs soon because of this.
Only 2 things can happen here. 1) fewer employees. 2). Raised prices!
Min wage jobs are not meant to be a "career" Ms. Warren!! Dems are fiscally ignorant.  U think building wealth is by taking it from others.
And by the way, small businesses can't afford $15 min wage.  All they did was kill a small business owner or raise prices to customers.
U r so clueless!!! Minneapolis may very well be the first large city in US run by Muslims and w/ Sharia Law!!  #headinsand
Great,more low wage workers will lose their jobs
$15 to flip burgers.  That's just Genius.
This is another reason why democrats lost the election! If you try something and it don't succeed..try it again exactly the same way! RIGHT?
And yet employees earn less because employers just hire them for less hours. Your welfare state ideas aren't helping anyone. Sad.
Why earn a promotion when you can have the govt thru threat of force make your employer give you more? Liberal tyranny.
Great work Minneapolis!  Enjoy being replaced by robots.
Did you not see the study of Seattle minimum wage?  Low income people wages decreased.
welcome to unemployment Minneapolis
Way to go.It killed jobs in Seattle.It will do the same in Minneapolis.Then you go on welfare & vote Dem until the city dies like Detroit
Increasing production and lowering costs is how you improve your economy.
So sad!
You mental midgets should ask how those in cities that tried this are liking it. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/national/new-study-of-seattles-15-minimum-wage-says-it-costs-jobs/2017/06/26/ac45d202-5a82-11e7-aa69-3964a7d55207_story.html …
We will see if it works as well there as it has in Washington state. You should check it out before supporting it.
And how many minimum wage workers will now lose their job?
Passing laws to gain votes, in the end, never does any good. This is always the democraps plan, look at them now. The people wised up.
Let us know how this works out for ya Minneapolis.  Check with other states that already did this, so you at least know what's coming 
