Have you looked at the economy lately? How can you be so clueless and be a, "Leader" in this country? #MAGA #USA
Wrong. We're adding jobs, which means people w/o jobs are getting jobs. Plus, stock market is rising, which can benefit all. #Think! #MAGA
Nope, I see and think for myself, but you're free to think as you want. #MAGA
You may think for yourself, try researching then rethink
I do research and think, but thanks for thinking that you know all about me based on a couple of tweets #ignorance
Your very welcome!
@MSNBC @Senategop @SenateDems @potus tweet vs LABOR DAY reflections. Trump's on wrong side of labor, wage, employment issues. Selfish-greed
WOW, and I thought they were an ally. Sad.
No time to read your lies.  What have you done for Massachusetts?
What lies?
Like, I'm a Indian.
That's it? Anything recent or substantial?
That's the basis of her status, I therefore cannot believe anything she has promoted as factual. Didn't she push the fake Russia narrative?
In other words, nothing
In other words everything she stands for.
And yet, you can't specify anything
The only person who has betrayed the working men and women is you @SenWarren. President @realDonaldTrump is actually helping them!
Economy is up, jobs are up, welfare is down, unemployment is down, illegal border crossing down If that's "betrayal" I hope he keeps it up!
I wouldn't read anything you report Elizabeth because most of the stuff you have reported is that it's nonsense
please go back to where you came from

You are the real enemy of the American worker!
Nathan is a good example of people not wanting to listen.
Listen? To a well documented liar? I can think on my own. I don't need to be told what to think by some delusional power hungry
Are you speaking of Mr Trump? Because you certainly aren't speaking of Sending Warren! She fights corruption and helps working man, proven!
Of course
It's beyond disappointing, knowing that u r SO disconnected from everyday people...real ppl KNOW that 'the people' are NOT your 1st concern
Who is responsible for this report? Consider the source.
Gee, Liz, you running for President?  Get back to Congress and pass DOCA!!
House & Senate..agree. hit a pot-hole in Bainbridge Georgia that reminded that an  Executive order can do but so much.  Two-term limit  pls!
BETRAYED AMERICA! You voted NO to audit the FED! $9 TRILLION stolen from the American people. You want it kept secret. SHAME ON YOU! SWAMP!
If science cloned @SenWarren and made a thousand copies of her, you still wouldn't have a complete brain between the thousand copies.
NAW
As long as businesses can make more money, who cares if a few people get sick or overworked? Gotta fight to be ABLE to speak up!
2018 voting can't get here fast enough. Bye bye warren.
Your office is a fake news hub. Try again. @realDonaldTrump has American workers' back long before he was POTUS.
Get a life Lizi
Less about Trump's failings, which are obvious, and more about Democratic plan:platform
Read our lips! Shut it!
You are one of many who have done NOTHING but take from average AMERICANS to make yourself wealthy! We all know you're on the take!
I wouldn't read anything you produce! You are s fabricator of facts, my Native American friend! Smh
What a CHICKENSHIT! Had SESSIONS deliver the news. Promises don't mean anything to 800,000 people. But it was OK to pardon a criminal in AZ.
don't you have a pow-wow to go to?
Oh dear, believing the hate your office minions spew on your behalf? You need to get out more dear and leave your little bubble.
Can you say something positive instead always spreading hate?
Please retire
I'm just what have you done for the American worker Pocahontas
You have betrayed the American people not the president obstructionist
Is this how you and your "office" spend your time? Drafting BS reports to put down our @POTUS? You need to find yourself a new $15 an hr job
You have been betraying Americans for YEARS!!! YOU ARE A CRIMINAL!!!
You betrayed us Pocahontas! You lied on your college admissions that you were part Indian.
Let's also read how you betrayed the Native Americans when you claimed you WERE Native American, and defrauded a University! Thank you!
So are you saying he's becoming a typical politician like we have been dealing with for years.
Here's our reply! Bye in 2018!
#stfu #LIAwatha
You betrayed the Native American tribes of this nation - research the facts 45 more in 9 mos, than 44 in 8 yrs
Yea, creating jobs and working tirelessly on draining the swamp. Another good lie Pocahontas.
I will give you this: You would be considered an expert on betraying women! @GOP @realDonaldTrump
No doubt you had a Women prepare the report; about 30% cheaper than if you had one of your male staff working? DISINGENUOUS!
Numbers don't lie @SenWarren BUT YOU DO.  Your report is less than toilet paper. 
Kind of funny that on this Labor Day, a day where we honor American Labor, YOU choose to honor ILLEGALS stealing American jobs.
Must be a mighty long book if you've chronicaled all of it?!
Only You and Your Friends buy your crap. The American people have finally woke up out of their coma and see who you really are
If Warren is a Christian she cannot favor abortion, homosexuality, etc. It is contrary to Christianity.
Coming from a former Indian Professor..WHATEVER!   
Can you tweet out the highlights so I can ignore those, too?  Thanks.
No ma'am he is just releasing the chains that bind us.  You ma'am have written a whining little memorandum not really a report.USA &Trump 
You can shove your #LaborDay report right up your _ _ _! Pres Trump is actually trying to help America's workers.
Thank you for standing up against the tRump/Pence regime of hate, racism, Nazis, KKK & supremacist. We need people who stand for America

SHUT UP! You are what's wrong with America. You try to capitalize by using the very people that your party tried to destroy in the 70s.
At least you're a consistent liar...he's already done more for this country in 8 months than the last assclown did in 8 years
Wow you really that delusional. Hey does anyone know any good same candidates to take over her seat?
Ok sitting bull shi!
You have a sickness Liz, see a Doc we are paying for, he or she may cure you. You only have a few months left for free medical on our dime.
Hacks like yourself voted in favor of a $18 million pay raise for legislators in Mass, including 60% raise for some.Get a real job.
Shut up B!!! You betrayed us
STOP lying Pocahontas!


I don't read smoke signals. Can you send a translator?
lying Lizzie!
Illegal aliens keep wages down.
BS
Democrats are the problem
So hasn't the governor of Massachusetts and speaker
It's fake report
Every moment you are in office is a betrayal to the oath you took to uphold and defend the constitution of the United States.
It was illegal to let this happen in the first place. Obama should have to answer for his over reach.
Your out of touch with America Elizabeth!! Try talking about what America wants and not your talking points !! We are laughing at you !!

Your facts are misleading, tell the whole truth, #Trump, yes rough, but he is reviving America & you can't stand being irrelevant. #MAGA

How about let's see how we can help the President?
I'm confused on how he betrayed us. Actually because of him, I have more job security. Thank you Trump for creating amazing high paying jobs
You are dilusional @SenWarren can't wait to see you voted out of town.
Have you betrayed "your fellow native people" & decided to be white again, fauxcahontas?
No mention about someone who you cheated out of a job #FakeIndian
She needs to go By Any Means Necessary
Hi Elizabeth, please check out my video: https://youtu.be/Mlpr9iY8jIE  I hope you enjoy :) #LABORDAY #TONYD
U r a lied Trump has done more for workers in 8 months than u have ever done
Hopefully, you and your negative attitude and selfish political moves will be voted out soon.
You've lied so much why would I believe you now?
Crazy comrade Pocohontis spewing her garbage again! Do us all a favor comrade, find a country where socialism/communism is the law of land!
Only folks betraying this American worker are democrats putting illegals and criminals ahead of my children and grandchildren and our safety
Your supporters can't read
Ha! "Your office" - not biased at all.  How about this from one of Your ally Media members.
'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
My daughters business did so well they are putting a pool in!
Too many people won't listen. All they seem to care about are immigrants.
So are you  white today are you Indian or what? I know from your statements and your past claims about yourself  that you seem delusional!
What planet have you been on?Under obamas watch record 50mill on food stamps.Prez Trump has done more in 8 months than obama done in 8 years
That's facts. Man y'all dems just can't lose with grace. And the ever white person is racist thing got busted. Just look at Houston.
Your office is a joke... you have done nothing
Is that mean like paying women less than men. That's what you do

And paid them less than other employers, in his same field!
You are a greedy liar, Fauxcohontas. We already know the Democrats have nothing but contempt for average, working Americans.
Another crock

Yea, why can't he follow Obama's lead and channel another 10M white, college-educated workers into minimum wage jobs?! I mean like WTF?!
Donald Donald donald........ Blame blame blame......
Thank God for @Potus our 401(K) is making us some money to make up what Obamacare has been taking away from our paychecks . #DumpDemocrats
Must be full of facts conning from an American Indian
Your report is all bs , you want to know what really hurting working families "Obamacare" we won't forget it
DEMOCRATS BETRAYED US & SOME REPL. THATS WHY TRUMP IS IN,--YOU DO NOT CARE FOR LAW BUT WANT US TO O-BIDE, ALOW BAD DRUGS & FORCE FINES ON US
Are you really a Native American?
Your president didn't leave vacation in Martha's Vineyard firing Katrina. Talk about betrayal
Give it up.Same lying crap U people spouted for the last 8 yrs. 
democrats NEW DEAL is the same DEAL.  
NEXT IS FREE PIZZA ALONG WITH PHONES
When RU going to stop the hatred. We're sick of your bs! I don't hear anyone saying they're betrayed by Trump..just by demonrats obstruction
How bout you actually do something?????? Yeah that's what I thought ... drain the swamp
And has betrayed the more than 1.7 million new jobs he's created since being in office more than Obama did in 8 years!!! #Warren=LOSER!!
How do you constantly keep looking ignorant about American people when you're a senator? You don't deserve to talk for us. Just do your job
Pocahontas you are part of the swamp you know that right?
Its truly amazing how much you can sound like a RETARTED snowflake and still remain a senator. people who voted for u must be challenged 2?
You're the problem! I'm an American worker and I emailed you about my rising healthcare and you never responded! Work with the prez!
Wtf are you talking about????
Your high cheek bones have clouded your thinking @SenWarren
Leftist Propaganda
How dare he keep promises? I mean really why should a politician actually want Americans to have jobs! Such a betrayal! GET A NEW JOB PLEASE
Election time more Dems will be biting the dust!! When is your number up??
Our small biz has hired 12 people in the past few months. We're seeing so much optimism in our area. We are adding addition to hire more.
Jobs and great wages are two different things!
So is full time vs part time or temporary employment.
The support of our senators to improve the lives of the American citizens should be your focus. This conflict must stop. #MAGA
3% GDP for Trump and you and Liberals couldn't get it past 1.9% in 8 years. Your policies are awful for American workers
Pocahontas, why are you stealing #Trump2016 campaign slogans?
You vote to increase regulations that take money away from creating jobs! #game #notanativeamerican #fraud #youdontcareaboutworkers
Neither have you.

Darlin, you have hurt Americans for years.  You only want illegals to vote for you, only way you can grow base. All else know u r corrupt.
Elizabeth Warren please run for president
good try. you will NEVER EVER be president Lizzy.
Not as bad as you and the democrats have done all these years
You mean the illegal ones I'm sure losser
You're insane. Pretty much clueless that the public can see right through your lies.
She needs to retire and give Kennedy his seat
As a resident of MA and a voter of Dems, Elizabeth is not the answer. She is not trustworthy
You're a fool
we might believe you if you were not the problem, try being the solution then maybe someone will listen except your a liar so not to you
Thank you President Trump for improving our economy, his growth and record stock prices helping our retirement plans.
Didn'y you commit fraud when you got that University job saying you are Native AmericaN>
Wake up dummy, Americas working men and women voted him as our president!
And more and more now realize what a mistake they made.
Betrayed as in created a ton of jobs? You're right then. He betrayed us!!!! LOL
How so? We need specifics.
@realDonaldTrump is capitalist
@SenWarren is communist
Who's better for workers and economy?
Certainly not you.
Sen Warren. Are you going to vote to give the American people like me a tax cut? Are you going to stand with POTUS to get this done?
I think that would be you betraying the Native Americans of this country by being a fake Native American to get a cushy job at Harvarf
I had to follow to see what insane crap you come up with next. Your a joke among middle America 
Elizabeth Warren is an alt Left democrat who has never created a job in her life and lied about an Indian heritage to get jobs!
I think your brain stopped working again. Better check it....
Just wondering what have I done to help women ur male workers earn more than ur women same job. Plz explain
Actually keep it up. The more you flap the easier 2020 and beyond becomes.
Term limits please.  This woman needs to go
Thank you for your tweet.
I will read your report.
