Unfortunately Donald Trump doesn’t read.  You should have drawn pictures with stick figures.
How do you explain Hillary's loss against a person who can't read?
The majority of those who voted, chose HRC.  They clearly were capable of reading.
That's your best argument, Dad? DT lost by the largest vote margin of any candidate in history.
Maybe you should learn to read the Constitution. Popular vote means nothing. Your ideology lost.
Then, with all due respect, why did YOU raise the issue of California's popular vote margin?
Thank you.  Please hold out, no compromise
Sen. Warren, this is why we love you. You never back down and always deliver. Thank you!
what did she deliver ?  
She's fighting for the people. She's doing her job. And I appreciate it!
You sure have a LOT of time to write letters, don't you have a job?
I don't know what my broker buys either and have not winked or nodded.  That's why I have a broker
need tissue ?  We know that you're going to go against all his picks . It's what they do .
they sent the letter to me, I ran out of toilet paper
joke. fake indian supporter had  hrc no concern with state department for sale to foreign governments thru hubby.
Your concerns don't matter you are a proven liar Pocahontas's and so is Obama elections have consequences you lost power
thank God and Trump and the smart people who voted for him !
Thank you Sen. Warren for all your hard work, it is not going unnoticed. Out here in America, we see you and love you!!
U protest too much @SenWarren about DJT cabinet picks & Price @HHSGov Now, no one believes u as u implode Self destruction. #FoolOnTheHill
This can be solved if she goes to the nation she pretends to hail from and get some type..
...of documentation from the tribal council, or go for a DNA test. And that is a DNA....
...and NOT a DNP test.
Nobody wants to read 20 pages of your lies, Pocahontas.
@cykelly1718 @HHSGov THANK YOU, Senator! Questions to Price today.......priceless.
Thank you for continuously being a ferocious and tireless advocate for all Americans.
No chance @realDonaldTrump will "read" it since he only does bullet points and things written in crayon.
you need a gagball in your mouth so we don't have to hear your whining anymore!!
Thank you for being a GREAT Senator! You make us proud! Literally Every Trump cabinet member SCARES ME... Unqualified..
You rock Senator!! Keep up the great work of exposing unqualified Cabinet picks!
We appreciate your efforts there on the Maginot Line!
no doubt filled with many lies!
how empresive. Who wrote it for you
Re: T Price - Stock, The BUY order is NOT triggered by Broker! Broker must receive ORDER to BUY!!!
Keep holding their feet to the fire. Not one cabinet pick is worthy of the title! Thanks!!

Your concerns. u don't believe in our democracy. How can u represent me?
Another "sales pitch".  What's new?
please keep up the good work. This president elect and his cabinet picks scare me. And Tallahassee Florida is equally bad
You're concerns really don't matter now do they? Welcome to Our Country. Where liberals politicians are bankrupt.
Bravo! Keep challenging the man. Why the hell can't he just simply answer a question either "Yes" or "No?"
thank you for all you do for the disabled and elderly..you give voice to the voiceless...Appreciate
How the hell u find time to write a 20 page letter? U take away time from the country club?  I don't believe it.
Bet that helped him get to sleep last night reading your drivel
20 page letter.....bureaucracy at its best
You are a rock. Keep up the good work, ma’am.
65 million AMERICANS are watching you..leave tous FUCKING hands off our healthcare..we are watching you..
@CC4Future @HHSGov excellent
I wouldn't wrap my china with that letter
most likely your request wound up being used to wrap mullet or the bottom of a bird cage. No one cares about u Pocahontas
@AgeDemands @HHSGov Thank you!
No one can accuse you of being a slacker! The number of very lengthy letters you're writing to protect us is inspiring!
@legalchico Hey Senator, remember when you were a good Republican?  Bet your followers didn't know that!
I can hardly wait to read it.
Who cares about you concerns on anything
can't wait until 2018 when senate loses more Dems in Senate and Congress, making America great again, you wonder why?
THANK YOU.THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
we behind you senator. Keep this guy out !
PRESIDENT WARREN 2020
REMOVE @SenAlexander as Committee Chair on biased & playing partisan politics!!! @OfficeGovEthics - you need to step up!
@timkaine @alfranken @SenatorBaldwin @SenatorHassan 5-7MIN = DO NOT CONFIRM NOMINEES! Tillerson Price Devos Sessions +! 
Get answers?
wonderful job questioning!!!   Offend him MORE!!!!!
are you willing to comment on how much you profited during the housing crash, or is it ok because you're a democrat?
YOU ARE A COMMUNIST
Democrats are Hypocrite
We want an explanation why you Senator lie claimant you are native of  America
"....keep burning em and you will be up to two minutes." That was hilarious.


how about " If you like your plan,you can keep your plan"?
You're a nut job!
you should immediately confirm tom price, he's very competent for the position.
your concerns mean nothing
yawn
Sen Warren looks out For The People! She is a national treasure!
You're the enemy within, not the normal opposition. Victory for America goes by destroyng your sect:the Dissolution Party
No one cares!
thank you
But apparently the GOP won't read it unless it's 140 characters or less. #NotMyCabinet
thank you Senator Warren.
Since Putin is lying for Trump, Trump owed Putin for the secret at very least. Shows collision.
2015 (and 13 to less degree) Trump audio proves met & relationship with Putin. Proof Trump has been asking Putin to lie
explained? More like COMplained! 20 pages???????? Yesterday it was 16?????? Boy, the previous admin did a horrible job!
tell me why Martha Stewart goes to jail for inside trading and Tom Price does the same thing
is anything positive with you these days? I used to like you, but your entire career is bashingRepublicans now? Pathetic
@IndivisibleNTX @HHSGov thank you. Please consider boycotting the inauguration
you Pocahontas are only out to get your name in a headline. you aren't out for what is best for America!
you are a  clown !WARREN HAS DONE Nothing TO HELP AMERICA   BUT COSTUS MONEY AND RAISED OURTAXES!
You are a machine!!  Keep up the great work!!!
keep fighting!!
lol your opinion does not matter
how to  condense 20 pages to 120 characters then Trump could read it
try doing something to help instead of just a 20 page letter of complaints. You are useless as a political representative
This is her job, and she's excellent at it. Her job is not to rubber-stamp every cabinet pick.
Thank you Senator Warren
Elizabeth.. I just feel the GOP doesn't care.
Pocahontas.. make it look good for your followers because WE all know you've done nothing for anyone.
Please run for President in 2020!!!
shake out might be just what the system needs,” Warren wrote in a book she co-authored with her daughter, Amelia Tyagi.
How Warren really feels “An all-voucher or all-school choice system would be a shock to the educational system, but the
waste of paper and I thought you were a tree-hugger
I'm on your side, but knock it off or I'll have to mute my phone. Think about what you want to write, sum it up.
Nobody is making you read it. Might do you some good. 20 pages is not too much to ask.
Ms Warren, explain why your pal OBAMA released a TRAITOR. Who should have faced a firing squad
this cannot happen....
Thanks for your hard work, Senator!
thank you Liz, keep your fight up
Thank You Sen. Warren.
I remember the medicine man.caught runnin water in my hands. drug me round by my headband..said i wasn't the kind.
you link is broke
Liz, you are a Big Pain in the Ass! No surprise here! #Tatiana
Hey Liz. You are irrelevant. Just like your far-left American-Hating @TheDemocrats
Cannot access site through link or directly. Hmmm, what's going on?
OK Pocahontas.
Shorter Warren: I'm saying what Mr Soros told me to. @SenWarren @HHSGov
did u read the 1000 page Obamacare act
#泛亚 若要了解中国经济模式，必从“泛亚官骗”开始，若要了解中国政府，必从“泛亚民意”开始！恳请世界良心媒体关注中国泛亚，关注中国人权！430亿人民血汗不翼而飞，事近两年仍不知去向！#问责云昆政府 https://t.co/siQMv5
getting denied access for that link
The http://Senate.gov  site is down for most people.
"access denied"
Excellent !
You forgot about the #DNCLeaks and the #ClintonFoundation
