Speaking of building trust STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP'S CABINET PICKS
so do exactly what dems ripped the gop for doing? That's called hypocrisy. Qualified is qualified, America choose
If all you care about is process instead of policy or basic morality, sure
like I said, America choose to support Trumps policies, morality is diff, but I haven't seen a pick yet who should
Both driven by ego not best interest of the country
you can't possibly know that unless your their therapist or in their minds. It's an assumption
that's why I said I think and it's based on my own observations not ideology. His speech
your political ideology doesn't color your observations at all? Come on, of course they do a lil
You voted for Ben Carson. Shame on you.
how is it even possible to hate on Dr. Ben Carson?
it's not a matter of hating he's just woefully unqualified I think he's impaired in someway
impaired? yeah, he's a retired neurosurgeon.
So what does that mean? He can still be impaired.
perhaps your assessment is "impaired" by the fact he is a Republican?
i'm not against him because he's Republican I'm against him because I think he's crazy
This man is going to get people killed. Don't support any of his cabinet picks. There is no excuse you can make that is good enough
citizens are already getting killed thanks to @TheDemocrats
Really? And how do you arrive at that?
cause criminals aren't being prosecuted and countries aren't taking them back
Obama deported more people than any other president.
and he released more criminal aliens than any other.
Holy shit! We imprison aliens? Where? Area 51? Wright Pat AFB? why haven't we heard of this. Don the MIBs arrest them or what?
just think you have 8 years of this Obummer correction bahhahahahaha
http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-09-16/nations-biggest-police-union-endorses-trump … That surely much better than an American company http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A23725-2004Nov30.html … Communist Party
the police and the veterans and the military voted for him and so did I
Vote no to every Republican proposal, nominee, EVERYTHING!!!
Police LOVE the new POTUS because HE HAS THEIR BACKS not poking knives in them as your politics do
so what do we do to fight?
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks"
@asdrescher @realDonaldTrump Gosh.. And Meanwhile What are you gonna Do About it ..Nothing.. AGAIN!! #AlltlkNoAction
don't get me wrong. I don't support #SellOutWarren or #Trumpelthinskin #BernieOrBust
Slick Liz, your worried about immigrant and LGBT COMMUNITIES.  You don't care about the ones who pull the load..
Exactly
Sen Warren, UR WRONG.
Trump is filling his responsibility to PROTECT the people, as in Article I.
Deleting health care. Destroying the planet over oil. Hiring the worst for his cabinet. 

DUH
Breathe, uR hyperventilating!  New leadership, energy independence, Affordable health care, etc!
Police are exhausted. Reality check. Stop leading from above, step into our world for a change!
have you EVER listened to the #AngelMothers
 you and your ilk do not have their backs
don't support his cabinet. Stand up

there can be no communities made up of illegals
really ben carson???
it's on like donkey kong
yea ok liberal.. You anti americans have no power, just shut up and follow orders.
There it is.  Step 3 of the progression to authoritarian rule.  Calling the opposing party anti-American.
wow that was deep
Want to talk abt building trust? You betrayed your constituents w/ a vote for Carson. WARREN OUT IN 2018!
what would you know about policing?
@realDonaldTrumpy thoughts exactly.
Ms. Warren you were much nicer in the movie..
and you, you're the biggest clown in Senate. NOBODY respects you
now your a police expert Pocahontas ??
(Sigh). "You're".  Try to use your own language proficiently.
considering your headlines today, you might be wise to look at the loss of trust your constituents have in you!

@katylied67 @realDonaldTrump http://money.cnn.com/2015/12/08/technology/donald-trump-internet/index.html …. What can be done to stop this...?
trust will be gained when criminals are gone.
@Yecora51 @realDonaldTrump please vote agst Sessions Mnuchin and Devoss along with Price
gonna get a lotta criminal off da street too.
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump here is a guide for local health departments to respond
Sweet weeping Jesus-Just intro. a Bill that allows for "Guestworkers"-
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump he is the anti Christ
This is disingenuous at best and a blatant lie at worst.  Cooperating with ICE is not a diversion of police resources.
Agree. So how are the Dems gonna stop him and the GOP.
Impeach him!!!!
go away your a joke Mrs. Warren!  Gallup poll says your not doing too well in MA
you the only one complaining
If you, @SenWarren, could stop lying, that would be great. #gopmajority. #dealwithit
Your actions diverted us from believing in good politicians.  We expect this from Trump, not from you.  Fallen.
You are all talk.  You find points to blast on Twitter then you confirm his nominees behind doors.  Sellout!
Amen!
Did you supported Obama's police state? #OWS
Then why are you voting for all his cabinet noms.?
Senator your raw talent is in upbraiding banks and regulators. Not one homeowner has sued the U.S. or Banks.
Trump, the ManChild, is taking first steps into complete totalitarianism; setting up a Gestapo.
So please make noise that Ryan now has money for wall, but wants to cut Soc Sec and Medicare. No words for this.
please stop capitulating. No more cabinet posts. We are counting on you Elizabeth. Stop him. Don't enable him.
Warren your vote didn't crack but broke our confidence in you. Need to explain self. Big talker! Face Rachel!
crazy toon trump destroying America one day at a time
make sure everyone knows that you are fighting this DNC fire with fire!
look at Chicago and say that again with a straight face.  You and your fellow soros puppets BLM destroyed trust
Keep up the resistance and Do Not support his cabinet!
Block him at every turn.
you can't have it both ways
by saying "building trust" do you mean get killed ?  Can you relate to the intercity black drug dealer ?
@NECN @masslivenews @BostonGlobe Follow the law when did that become an option??
Without borders and laws the US is just a taxation region.
enforcing immigration law is for the Feds. They have their own resources. Let cities focus on their own duties and communities.
I love you @senwarren! #resist # womensmarch
By enforcing the law, if you don't like the law you are in the position to change it. Do your job
It will be Homeland Securities' job. I know this and I am not paid to know.
Senator will cities like Chelsea lose ALL funding or just funding for sanctuary purposes?
Psh. What resources  They're already overburdened and underpaid.
#ItsAGameRight #Careless
blah blah blah, crime would go down once illegals leave, provide more time for police to go to Chicago or com
negative Nancy.. when Trump is successful we all win as Americans. Protect Our homeland please.
I hear complaining and stirring up angry rhetoric is much better response than doing your job
Then the @SenateDems need to stop bending over for him. Obstruction is good when it's to stop a fascist regime.
.@SenWarren @CNN @realDonaldTrump Liz doesn't know results of Trump policy, pretending to lead & going nowhere, fails to impress Americans
victims of domestic abuse cannot call for help.
and Trump said he was pro police, hogwash
That's our liberal ideas on law enforcement. Conservatives prefer harsh treatment if "criminal".
too bad. You guys FAILED, let the adults take over now.... You can go, thank you, really, by by
stop voting yes to his noms maybe. Start building trust with those of us completely disillusioned with you and your party.
@jhy001 @realDonaldTrump we must stand up and fight back now. tell us what you are doing to fight this
no Trump is doing what he is supposed to, he's protecting this country
He can't touch sanctuary cities
Yes, but when the crime rate shoots up, Cheeto Jesus can blame... illegals.
I truly believe DT has some serious mental disturbances. What an incredibly dishonest and dishonourable person
Say no to his cabinet picks. Protect and stand up for the people you claim to care about.
We KNOW! We are doing what we can now Senators STAND UP to this mad man!!!
You represent us. We want you to obstruct everything to offset past injustices. No exceptions! It's necessary & not unreasonable
Don't Tweet. Act! We need you now more than ever! #Trump #unfit #resistance #impeach #ResistTrump #UnHinged
Wrong! Give up your Soros Globalist propaganda! Your a billion late. Go hang out a the Mosques some more!
The DNC has no room to talk about the relationship with the police and the community- DNC PUT TARGETS ON THEM!
@johnsen_denise @realDonaldTrump what's up with the resistance. Trump supporting days should get zero dem votes period!!!!!
hire a witch doctor
How's that?
WRONG!
just say it Warren he is not fit for President
Just so I am clear... arresting criminals is now a diversion of police resources?
it's called inter-agency cooperation. The only "diversion" are your words from the truth!
It appears Sen Warren has been triggered by the same POWER OF THE PEN that OBAMA used with abandon!!
Toddler trump is mentally unstable. As a RN the s/s are there. Paranoia, erratic behavior, tantrums, lying etc.

if conservatives were hating on  @RealBenCarson the way some here do, Dems would label U as racist manhaters.
and yet you voted for the least qualified HUD candidate ever.
100% upside down, try again
He's just a FEAR MONGER, which gives people the need to make bad decisions...like MCCARTHY!!
.

IN ADDITION TO YOU...

.
What a crew, why Trump needs to clean up the supreme court.
WE NEED TWO SCALIAS !!! 

IT WILL HOPEFULLY HAPPEN WITHIN NEXT 2 YEARS.
Less and less people with a brain will know you are always slinging BS...your days are numbered in the Senate.
he also wants the tax payers to fund the wall
Your tweets and sound bites are meaningless unless you actually DO SOMETHING. YOU ARE LOSING OUR SUPPORT.
um look inward on that claim
See your in trouble in your district. The good people of Mass must be Indian haters! #fauxahontas
It's NOT  @realDonaldTrump anymore, it's @POTUS Trump  @Scully64 @Lrihendry @CscBeth @MrSnerdley @TuckerCarlson @jjauthor
oh now how to eight years of Obama destroying it and you you want to rebuild it now
go back to wherever!!!
.. it's time for dems & republicans to fight back & time to impeach before he does more damage
so resist and stop confirming his appointees.
please do not support Donald cabinet !!
Are you hearing your constituents, Senator? #resist
.maybe if you didn't have so many criminals you wouldn't need funding eh? #SanctionSanctuaryCities #BuildTheWall. #draintheswamp
Oh faldera & fiddle dee dee:( there is no trust. that's the problem & U didn't help.
.

BRAVO !!!!!!!

KEEP SIGNING EXECUTIVE ORDERS  EVERY DAY FOR THE NEXT 100 DAYS !!!!!

SUFFER LIBERALS, JUST SUFFER !!!!

.
do U know exec orders he's signing? Cutting PBS, NEA, OVW, ENRD 2 name http://few.Now  find out what they do
Why in the world would you vote for BEN CARSON?  What about DeVos????
oh like Chicago? U better get with the program. Left wing loon rhetoric doesn't work anymore as u clearly saw in the election
you actually give excuses for enforcement of our laws?so pathetic
Pocahontas they will be enforcing the laws on the books.  Your out of touch and should be voted out of office.
time to stand and fight, don't give an inch. He's committed treason by inviting Russia to spy on Hillary
Do police need to build trust or do the thugs need to obey the law? I say it's the latter.
@4crains @realDonaldTrump wow this trump still don't get it does he?
Warren, you are my inspiration.
UR over dramatic tweets r just DRAMA. enough of the doomsday BS p.s. u still dnt wnt us 2 have our guns...
actually police will be relieved of dealing with their criminal actions
Yes, what can you do to stop the madness?
or rip criminals out of our drug infested urban communities
.Sorry hun you already missed the revolution #TheResistanceGotTrumpElected. ;)
what a joke, after our inner cities turned into abattoirs on Obama's (and your) watch. Stop talking, start doing
what about all the police having to babysit the "protestors" you don't have an issue with the violence? #shame
what and not removing      Illegals is not in there job description
I am leaving the Democratic Party over the wimpy rubber stamping.  Are you hearing us?  No.
to sum up: #cheeto's actions will make the people of the PLANET hate him even more. #unpresidented #illegitimate
??  How? He wants law abiding citizens to be safe. Unlike Obama admin who supported lawless BL!
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Warren is just POLITICAL & IGNORANT..Scum at it highest level
that's what the dems do !!!
Thank you Senator Warren for being a Strong and Vocal Woman!  Keep the #ResistanceUp
You must not be doing too well with your constituents... 46% in Mass want someone else in 2018
VOTE NO ON HIS CABINET. WE NEED YOU TO STAND UP. BE A PATRIOT.
Won't do any good. Thank Harry Reid for changing rule to simple majority vote. Republicans control
Yes, the idiot wants to declare martial law in chicago. What are you senators going to do to stop him?
Trump does not need community trust. Philosophy of locking them up (forever, if possible) is all that matters.
more BS from Fauxahontis
We must stop him.  He is taking our freedom away.
.Which freedoms might those be?
censorship of government agencies, women's birth control rights, propaganda using false facts, healthcare,
do not support him on anything! He has no agenda that involves the American people! Stand up to everything!
he's gonna give them the power back that Was taken away from them to keep us safe..
is that what's been happening Elizabeth? No
Elizabeth Warren you are a liar
You are as bad as him with the tweets. They mean nothing. Stand up and fight!
Independent source proving this statement, please. Thx.
but we are missing the point! Thank you for supporting me Sen Warren! Democrats need to listen to what we missed
stop voting 4 @realDonaldTrump's cabinet. What if he DOES decide 2 impose marital law, then what?
You mean arresting criminal who broke into the country @SenWarren do you leave you home unlocked at all times @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
@MaryMarybrogdon @realDonaldTrump You are all scared to death of Trump
come on, you are a US SENATOR....
Pass Kate's Law then
We all get that here. We need you to sop spouting rhetoric & fight them. All of you. On every single thing. Fight for America!
We have a fighter for America, he's in the WH right now and doing a great job.
So STOP HIM!
#bullshit they will
are you high?
Warren for President 2020....If we are all not dead or in concentration camps....
Love you Elizabeth Warren, we are behind you in fighting off this narcissistic monster. This is scary.
LMAO, you are on a roll...ok, where to begin, CHICAGO...dems doing great there...DETROIT...yea..um next...
Nah. He can just reallocate some of the money from the waste, fraud & abuse in govt spending he'll surely find.
no, he will let the police do their job!!
That is likely his plan, ultimate distraction and mistrust. #chaos
Tell em 
Democrats already did that by using their #FakeMedia
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/25/us/politics/trump-bernhard-langer-voting-fraud.html?_r=3&referer=https%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FMU5TAHryYL&referer=https://m.facebook.com/ … How can you justify collaboration with this white supremacist?
