Save the phony outrage.  Your @demanding answers” couldnt be more self serving.  If you really want to help, allow vets to get privatized hc
Universal healthcare and veterans can go anywhere for care.
This Marine has appealed for help because of the treatment we get from Wells Fargo http://www.vision-incorporated.com/marines/USMC-SGTRCJ.htm … pls respond
Today, you made a Marine smile and brought me back to reality. 
No response is heartbreaking: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wq0X0bwMprQ …
It would excellent LEGACY 4 you to fix the VA hospitals in Mass.  Veterans families would love it.  Reps & dems alike. The way it should be.
Did I search wrong b/c I cant find wher Pocahontas commented on VA quality ever, during Obama admin
@DailyCaller @MarkDice @chiIIum @Harlan
That nurse should be fired and never allowed to practice nursing again.
Where are her bosses?... where is the VA on this ...outraged!
While you are at it, respond to trumps phone call to the widow. Ask why it took so long for his body to be found? #Enough is Enough
Here’s an idea; quit trying to save money by having “nurses aides” (CNAs, LVNs) do the work of RNs.
Also, in many states, CNAs do attend school and must test.
Of course they do. But hiring an LVN or a CNA to do an RN’s job is just a cost-saving measure
CNA are not allowed to perform same tasks/ procedures or make medical decisions as does an RN.
Which is why a CNA should not be looking after a medically fragile pt
I wonder what party her voter has listed?
Hey Liz, check into the bonus system that VA Boston uses and abuses...  Talk about stealing money 
We came to DC to ask for your support - you were silent.
FRAUD, You will rabble long and DO NOTHING
We need to start a war on stupidity and stop the scourge of the earth called liberalism, progressivism.
Appallingly- same as when co grrss passed the Marino bill and 1k's died because you guys gutted the DEA from protecting us. Blood on ur hand
My so called physician at the VA,has denied me my medication repeatedly. The VA is not helping me at all. Why?
Sir.  U deserve better, 4 Sure
Thank you.
Any time
This is government single payer healthcare in action, and you want more of this? Get a clue pocahontas!
Quit grandstanding & playing politics. I work at the VA. You need to walk in unannounced. Tweets do nothing. Fraud waste & abuse everywhere.
So stop tweeting take from tje defense budget up the VA budget then DECENT providers will apply when staffing increases
Is this a true photo recap or a staged video?   Any CNA I’ve seen does 10x work of RN and have more hands in/bedside time than RN. CNAs help
Unplug the video games
This kind of stuff has been gong on for a long time/ WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
While bad, congress needs to pay for fully staffing VA. Have you tweeted about the 3rd cause of death in private HltCare? Medical mistakes.

Yep, government bureaucrats are despicable, and ur want more with the big governments policies you espoused.
Privatize inept government programs 
#VAGov
You're suggesting we privatize the whitehouse
Funny
Have many problems here at the Tampa, FL. VA Hosp! I will Not Take my husband there, his upper back was crushed in Navy on Ship/Vietnam War!
It is going to take a long time to clean up all the messes Washington has made. Lucky we now have a President who cares.
I have to laugh! You’re demanding answers? You should have done that when VA was killing our vets!
False hope.
The VA is single payer gov HC and is killing 7m vets. But libtard national HC for 350m will be a huge success. My god people are stupid
My God no person let alone a veteran should be disregarded this way
The Dems crack me up. They act like everything wrong has come about in the last 9 months. What were you guys doing the previous 8yrs? Sad.

Why don’t you ask your socialist party. They created this environment. Truly sad for veterans. #DrainTheSwamp
A terrible thing that happen I feel so bad but working in healthcare isn’t a easy job,put the pitch forks down people.
President Trump already has
My father had to be moved to a VA home. He went in on a Friday and died on Tuesday. The neglect from these places are inexcusable.
Trump thinks the NFL is disrespecting a Flag, which is a idol just like a Statue.  He has done the same thing by disrespecting our Country
Trump don't care about the Vets, Soliders who gave their lives for this Country, or his supporters. He has disrupted the NFL over a Flag
Honor our vet's and our flag stand for our national anthem #BoycottNFL
I would love to know why, as a vet, I keep getting denied when it comes to paying for my care. Ridiculous!
Demanding Answers blah blah blah. You are not even in the state that is paying you. 
#2018shesgone
Vote @DiehlForSenate
What about accountability from the last Administration. That Administration didn’t give a damn. Either did the Legislative Body.
Oh no, Liz is putting on the war bonnet again. Don't piss her off
What took YOU so long? Glad to see you're interested in working with the President!
Could we get an excerpt from this article?  The newspaper locks you out if you don't subscribe and, unfortunately, many of us are not local.
Uhhh you go gurl
How they want to work, they hide, take two and theee hour long lunch breaks, they do nothing to help the nurses
It’s administration fault, and upper management fault, they cater to the aids and use them to snitch on the nurses. They allow them to work
do due to nursing staff being overwhelmed by unrealistic acuity levels of patient nurse ratios
WHAT needs to be done, not some corporate type.  Shouldn't have to claim safe harbor, as some nurses
WHAT YOU PAY FOR.   CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO BETTER at appropriating funds. And how bout asking NURSES
the problem is poor pay, and asking unqualified people to take care of very sick people.  YOU GET
My father died in a VA hospt. They gave him exceptional and compassionate care right to the end. Tremendous professionals.
No secret that VA healthcare is substandard. Time to dismantle and give vets access to private hospitals. Glad my mom has private insurance.
You should have McCain look into that.
So the FBI is going checking things out. Well too late. Always waiting until bad stuff happens but told ahead by PEOPLE , so upset so!
Why didn’t you fix it when you had the majority?I’ll tell you why.King Barack didn’t want any more attention in the VA than necessary.#idiot
Uh, Lizzie, this crap has been happening under your 8 year watch! Why the caring now? Complete hypocrisy! We're onto you!
Lawsuit! I tweeted the President about this crazy lowlife place. Nothing happened
Holy shit
VA Bedford are u taking about? Cause I have problem w care of my father there! It's so screwed up. Pathetic outdated, rude staff a dump
I'm gonna freak out on them calling or going. Elizabeth Warren go there yourself!
Well this is disgraceful and shouldn't happen it happens regardless of whether it's a vet or not. We do not value our elderly
Like anyone cares about nasty lady #Pocahontas’s demands
Government socialized healthcare at its best
Everyone deserves better health care than that...regardless of insurance or lack of it.
You liberals are all alike.  Where were you 2 years ago?  You sound fairly phony Warren.  Playing politics with our veterans.
Obama hired her
Really?..Vets admin was a disgrace under dem control just like every inner city.
All the $$ we piss away on pork belly items so congressmen, senators & presidents can pad their wallets & egos, but Vets must wait. Great.
.

CHECK WITH HIM....

.
Disgraceful!!!
Why don’t you ever scream to Hillary about being accountable. She has many things to be held accountable for.  Benghazi!!
What kind of people get paid and issued licenses to watch someone die?
Finally veterans are receiving better care.  We had to switch over from catering to illegal immigrant voters u wanted
And just who are u ?? And where u been for 8 yrs ? Sure wasnt usurping all that authority on VA adm. scams.
Yet people like you & @SenSanders want this kind of government-run, socialized medical care for everyone... except for yourselves, right?
#trumpistrash
hey u have always been on the Vets side.. Only if they come from Mexico el Salvador cuba anywhere but here u phony
Person should be removed asap!
You sold out already. Save your soul if their is anything left of it and give your position up
I wonder how many other people have died on her watch. Thanks for the attention to this Sen. Warren.
Thank you
All of THESE programs NEED TO BE checked on, THEY are NOT using the fund's properly,Veterans, HUD and others NEED TO BE watched been there
This is awful.
I thought Tammy Duckworth fixed the VA Pocahontas
Demanding better and faster care for OUR Countries heroes, Veterans deserve THE BEST, WE NEED TO MAKE SURE THAT HAPPENS ASAP,  T.Y Senator
You Dems hate veterans. After 50 years, you now care? No. We are not stupid. Obama and You Dems decimated US military and cut vets benefits
I wish the nurse could've been his prayer partner until he took the journey
Who runsb the VA??? Get government out of peoples lives.
And you want single payer
Well, I’m sure she is a Democrat!
Home base blocked me? What kind of threat am I? Just another guy in a wheelchair... better to work together to make our country outstanding!
That’s messed up, hope she wasn’t playing Tour of Duty, blasting sounds of war as the vet slipped away.
Yea like you didn't do for Benghazi? Nor the Vets before.
Dept Of VetAffairs, plz recalibrate, Plz,plz.  The soldiers do not  appear2b  satisfied w/ their care ( they did serve 4it)
Yet another reason, it was a bad idea to replace LPN's with nurse aids.
I wonder if they would do better if EVERYBODY went to gvt hospitals? 
And where were you the previous 8 years when the vet’s were treated like dirt by previous admin? I mean good 4 u to stand up but consistency
What have you done the last 20 yrs to fix this problem? I'll wait for the answer............................................
Give us government healthcare or give us death.  Or in this case, the same thing.
Agree   Where were you the last 2 decades? Get off the Kremlin payroll and resign
Your state deserves a better senator too!!
If people don't care to stand for the flag what makes you think they care about veterans personally?
I had a Heart Attack in early Two Thousand and saw WW 2 Veterans Die in the Hallway! I Received a Turp in 2005....
Infected with Ecoli ,I made a written Report to the Administrator at the VA Hospital in San Antonio,Tx. He blame me!
Disabled vet here and VA care is so fucked up that I pay for my own medical!
Wasn't she hired during the Obama era?
All of a sudden you are concerned? You didn’t worry about the ones who died during odumbo’s regime.  You are a joke and we aren’t laughing
You had eight years under Obama to fix the Veterans Administration people were dying in line and now all the sudden you're concerned? FAKE
Where was that passion under the previous administration?
yay single payer!!!!!!
@nytpolitics @votevets @latimespolitics @foxnewspolitics @washingtonpost @MSNBC @CNNPolitics Worst Commander in Chief EVER! Impeach @POTUS
You do realize how ridiculous calling for impeachment is? Nurse should be fired. Simple.
This is unfortunately a chronic problem.
Disgraceful.This has been going on for years. Just wondering why all of a sudden your so concerned? Because U want to play the blame game?
Is this #trumpcare at its finest? 
#sad
good.  Why have you been so quiet about this over the last decade?
.Why was he not on heart monitor to alert staff if he had a known heart problem?! Let alone incompetent, uncaring staff. 5star meaningless!
How long have you been a Senator? And it’s only got worse. Look in the mirror. You’re the problem.
just to be clear, we suck at handling veterans and you want to make the government responsible for everyone's healthcare.... no difference
Sen Pocahontas, your thug union friends run the VA with their collective bargain agreements. They sold out the Vets long ago. Decertify em.
Why didn't you do this when Obama was in office. Been the same way since he was in office
Well it was not the best, but it wasn't the worse as for that matter either. It was a start, something that could have been fixed
please do and check the USS Comfort and why they are getting pedicures &not treating PR patients.
what a hypocrite! How many vets did you & the o administration ignore and let die waiting for health care?
Thus is winning in tratior trumpy world
Where was your outrage for 8 years? You are a fake, a liar and hypocrite.
Much better you spend your time on things like this than bashing president and his plans.
Link without paywall:
I saw some really nasty stuff volunteering at the VA hospital in the Bronx in the 70's. My anger over the war quadrupled. #stillangry
You should go and sit inside some of these VA hospitals! The WORSE CARE ever! My husband waited hours to be seen by a doctor! TERRIBLE!!!
This is an example of VA mistreatment of veterans that Donald Trump said he would end.
This kind of thing happens at nursing homes all over, not just for vets.  Inferior elder care is a huge problem.
Yes, my grandmother's face started to turn black in some areas. She had to be dead for more than 12 hours before anyone checked on her.
This is terrible. I'm confused, can vets use VA coverage at other hospitals? Are they limited to VA hospitals? Do they have Medicare too?
THIS is what is disrespectful to Veterans, THIS needs to be talked about, NOT trumps stupid NFL ban
You don't care about VETS you never have! Using a horrible story to pretend you care is disgusting!
Trump and Pants care so much about "the troops" that they SELL them to private corporations
Oh...so NOW the Hypocrats care about veterans.  You didn't care when Obamanation was in charge..
I didn't say anything about Obama. You did.
OUR CITIZENS DESERVE BETTER IN P.R 2! IF THEY GET NO HELP FROM GOV THEN THEY DON'T HAVE 2 PAY TAXES ANY MORE!
Just to clarify because @DiehlForSenate will jump on this, VA is under @realDonaldTrump's watch now. Nice work getting a vet killed. #mapoli
I dislike Trump as much as just about anyone but this happened over a year ago.
Yeah, and @SecShulkin fired two administrators and still can't clean it up.
Why did you do nothing whilst people died during Obama administration?
Are you implying service members should get health coverage?
*shouldn't*
Lol okay wacko
Sickening
