If you or someone you love needs Medicaid, we need to you to tell your story. The @SenateGOP need to hear you.
I was 56 when I had a stroke. In the ER my heart stopped and I was revived. Four years later I'm still partially paralyzed but have managed
to avoid disability or any gov't assistance other than medicaid,still support my family,barely w/o survivor benefits for my wife or six kids
without Medicaid I would have lost everything including my business and all financial income
You are part the reason Medicaid is needed and it is sad that those who don't need it but get it take money from you. Broken system.
Healthcare is a basic right.Enormous profits are made by the billionaire 1% , who own Trump/GOP & deny Americans. Vote them out.LOCK THEM UP
Who provides that basic right? People who spent a decade in college. Should healthcare be free? I deserve a profit for my work.
I respect your right to be wrong.
this child is covered under medical.Medical is being extended to provide more coverage.Don't use a innocent child to spread your lies
Fake News
Not fake news that was mean in the video and I'm a the real deal bud
Republicans are NOT ignoring those people, Lyin' Lizzie.  There will be tax breaks, subsidies, etc.  for people who need it !
Your old brittle bones. Quit having babies if you can afford them
Multi-millions of people who are forced to pay for these insane systems were devastated by Obamacare. #elizabethwarren doesn't care! #warren
Too bad we can't use multi-multi-trillions of $'s #democrats lunacies have cost. E.g., in 2000's they have ALL 10+ YR corruption jail terms!
no you use these people to further your agenda just like saying your where a Indian to get a job
It's beyond belief that a country with the wealth of the USA would not take care of its sick kids. I'm truly thankful for the NHS in the uk
30 years as a "welfare examiner" open/close case for Assistance. #of fakes maybe 3-5 per year . #seen 5200 new cases a yr. most 3 months on.
Interesting. I'm betting that changes by area. Obviously w economy & unemployment rates too.
Republicans DO NOT CARE as long as billionaires become multi billionaires. Let them eat cake
Can they not eat cake? Her sin was naivete not meanness.
Uh ok?
Compared to trump perhaps not quite so bad.
Did it move you to your high native-American cheekbones?
One story moved you. What about all the other hard working Americans going through a struggle while you lie to them. Pathetic!
I am a 44 with a difficult mental disability but a 165 IQ, I make little money and if they cut Medicaid for me life is pills or homeless
Healthcare is a right that man works his butt off that lady sacrificed her career for her son and you don't want to help them i do
I really hope Elizabeth Warren decides to run for president it be awesome for our country to get a new deal under Elizabeth Warren
As a Canadian it boggles the mind that Americans would still rather protect for profit companies over universal health care
See that republicans are you really sure you want to rip their Medicaid insurance from having a kid and and have good happy life as a family
After my accident my insurance (obamacare) charged me more than if I had been uninsured
Why didn't I qualify for Medicaid? It does not cover anything that is not already covered by charity and obamacare covers far less
On the flip side, America will be devastated by no practicable means to pay for it!
Are they illegal Senator? Cause if they are you should cry!
Why don't you stop tell lies and fake news   Can't you have any positive ideas to help the American people #frms get a life
Obamacare made it impossible for me or my family to get care! We have insurance but can't afford to use it!! Get a clue ass!
Elizabeth Warren - Democrats just don't it !! They're a victim of themselves!!
This broke my heart!  But, it's true! Please watch!
Those are the people who voted for Trump to get help.
Your just scaring them, since you have no idea what's even in the bill.
but obama care is failing !!! its gone . so we have to do something ,they wont have ins at all soon .
What will happen to your healthcare Elizabeth?  Please give us a full and complete answer.
I demand an answer from you Elizabeth!
If you cannot answer me then you need to go home and shut up.
Typical democrat ploy. Scare tactics. Not going to work anymore.
Unless they are committing fraud, you and I know they will be fine.  Nice try.
@MariaBartiromo how bout 000's  ppl ur non action 2ACA killed and x,xxx's fam destroyed! But BY GOD U "RESIST" as killing goes on. Pathetic.
People died today while on the Democrats Obamacare.  It's MURDERING AMERICANS! Save us from the Democrats!!
Are you going to take a DNA test and disclose the results soon? I need to know you aren't completely full of --- before I'll listen to you.
Like when the ACA cut billions from Medicare?
These are the kinds of citizens who would be devastated by the Republican no care bill. They are so evil
Too bad Trump & the heartless GOP don't watch
these are to young for Medicaid and hard working people have job with a health, get it straight before you start bullshiting
@SenateGOP would you have depended on this type of support had you been in such a position? Why take away support for tax cuts for the rich?
Why dont you show all the middleclass families that cant get medicaid but Obamacare bankrupted with their premiums and deductibles?
But yet you never show anyone that is devastated by the cost of Obamacare
OMG!
America how can we allow this to happen to this family & many more like them.  This could be anyone of us
The Trump's can't relate to others because they have had such a "cushy" life.  How fortunate they have been!
@SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @senrobportman Watch this! Shame on each and every one of you. Portman I pledge to do all I can to run you out of OH
I'm Elisabeth Warren and I'm running for president !
Washington is playing Reverse Robin Hood. Take from the poor, give to the rich!  Now I write about the Fiduciary Rule - another RRH target.
Why can't all Americans have the same health insurance Congress and the President have?!
Goofy
Pocabonetis
Beth, your leader said he would have nothing to do with changing Obamacare. Remember!!!!
Yet, you're fine with abortion. So are babies valuable or trash, Lizzie? Choose!
You didn't care about the medicare cuts with Obamacare ($700bil)
How do you know what would happen to these people. You can keep your doctor. Insurance will be cheaper. REMEMBER, yea you had no clue.
Thanks to Obamas failed health plan. He knew it would crash & burn after his term was over. Put blame where it applies. Obama & the Dems 
Only after the Republicans have done everything to sabotage the ACA. Which forced out insurance companies. #blinders
Sabotage? Obama sabotaged what we had previously.
Pocahontas, I agree everyone should pay $2000 a month
Sell your house to pay for your Obamacare premiums. You can always live in a cardboard box.
I know right? Everyone should pay highly for #ACA Who needs basic necessities???
You didn't care about the families who's premiums tripled during the Obamacare debarcle...GO AWAY!
He's a sheet-metal worker excuse me excellent benefits she probably had benefits I know better #QuestionableStory
Started the crash?  Another mind that has been bought.....
Elizabeth thanks its important to take working people taxes and give it to illegals and those on welfare!
If their hard working people then shouldn't they have Obama Care! So why the Medicaid??????
Look, a Senator TALKING TO A CONSTITUENT!! THIS is how u do it @SenToddYoung, IF you aren't afraid ur policies will get u yelled at by voter
Why don't you contribute a portion of your fortune to them being that you screwed an Indian out of a college education.
 Love to see NICU grads thriving!!! This is who I fight for everyday! 
- Neonatal Nurse Practitioner
Liar
Why don't you look into why his UNION does not cover health insurance?  My dad was in the union and never had any denied coverage.
Senator Warren, we KNOW how bad it will be but the stories WON'T move @SenateGOP We need @SenateDems to @stopACHA with creative LEGISLATION.
Those are not the ones that will be affected. Don't forget to look at the other side. There's a difference between need and fraud.
Its the children that hurt me so http://much.How  can we let these children sufferand die ?The Koch brothers can have my health care
If you cannot afford hospital charges ... do you think raising a child is cheaper?
@SenateGOP listen to those that gave u ur job. Do what the American people want and need. don't be so afraid of the WH. Pls Have ur own mind
Senior citizens pay over $ 350.00 for Medicare and
supplemental insurance ea.month.n that's on a fixed income.if ain't broke don't fix it..
medicaid? thought your ponzi tax scheme obamacare saved us all? No one would/has been left to die. Shameful scare mongering. How do U sleep?
Keep your cryin towel handy Pokahantis for when the politicians bankrupt single payer
I have diabetes,and terribly painful sciatica.  I also have no income,until I get disibility.  I don't know what I'd do w/o medicaid.
What meicare has been covering this for 50 years. trying to trick the kids i c
OMG Senator Warren please HELP!! if anyone can I have faith you can make the difference!! This moved me to the bone! Unnecessary!
she isnt in the senate so there is nothing she can do
We face the same struggle with an unexpected special needs child. We are lucky to have private insurance it would be IMPOSSIBLE with no help
I am  70 yr woman on medicare. If they take that I am done for. Insulin...blood thinners...etc. etc. all cost. Im on a fixed income as well.
Not all heroes wear capes.
The "Christian" GOP say Nicholas and his parents are undeserving moochers. They are heartless, there is nothing Christian/Godly about them.
Laughable.  Why don't your multi-million dollar liberal Hollywood actors/authors/singers/POLITICIANS take care of them?  Hmm?  Keep your BS.
Why do I pay Federal taxes?  If the federal government can't take care of the needs of citizens maybe we should pay state taxes only.
and when there was stories about people like these and Obama care where were you
SENATOR WARREN HELP AS MANY AS YOU POSSIBLY CAN ;GOD WILL BLESS YOU ;AND ALL OF YOUR FAMILY!

Warren, I pay for my crappy medical, which is more expensive and covers less since Obama care passed. Feel sorry for me I don't get it free!
So Lizzy, why don't you Move chantel and nickolas into your $15 million dollar mansion! Put your money where your lying mouth is!
And the oscar for best actor in a drama goes to-
@realDonaldTrump keep fighting - this appalling administration, who care only for the 1%, must be stopped #resist #OrangeBuffoon
how is this fighting?, she's posting on the web
thats what we're doing.....pay attention to what is going on in the senate #OrangeBuffoon
Great job Elizabeth
Cut the damn Medicaid
Why no sympathy for those exponentially who had their healthcare destroyed by obongocare? Stop your constant pandering.
Children like this sweet little boy qualify for SS income. Warren is using these people to advance her agenda   Hate Trump 
"SS income" wouldn't cover the millions Medicaid paid for his care. Trumpcare also cuts Medicaid for disabled & they plan to ruin Medicare.
How does anyone know what the healthcare will be. Everyone's saying they haven't seen it.  Congress passed OC without being read 
I know what "SS income" is. It would take millions of years for it to equal millions. BS on OC. Lots of hearings, Republican amendments.
Oh snap , my heart goes out to that sweet boy and his mom and dad.trump admin please leave our health insurance in place..
sorry sweetie but you gotta go get your HC like the rest of us, we aren't going to be taxed for crappy obamacare  insurance.
Please keep fighting!
the rePUSlican richest scum fuckx on the planet, love to fuck the e POOR st, neediest american people! Why do theyy vote 4them?
And the families devastated by Obamacare?
Nobody asks for this!!!!
If people had to pass a basic math test (1+1=2) in order to reply to tweets, the Trump trolls would be shut out. Could be a good thing.
while the parasites/predators who do nothing but extract value/$ from ppl who work get tax cuts to feed their addictions to greed/power
Dems have been tweeting this stuff all day. Respectfully, we don't need platitudes. We need philibuster by amendment. #StopACHA
We need both. Humans are not numbers on an actuarial report. Fights can be multi pronged. Need everything in the arsenal! #StopAHCA
Pocahantas you are awesome!
This made me cry.. Our taxes need Donne used by the people who need them. The idea that all Medicaid-recipients r lazy&don't work, is wrong.
I guess pretending to be NA did nothing for you huh? I mean besides the 400k you scammed.
we need to send her a DNA kit from Ancestry,com
Push for public hearings!!!
Nah there were no public hearings when they passed obamacare
Such as the folks whom the MercerKoch clique care not a whit for. For them, these people ought not be helped; they are the "takers."
We need to hear more stories like this, GOP take the #AHCA out of the shadows so We the People can see the damage it will do to US
How much money do you have invested in the insurance industry! Hmm lots of blue cross blue shield investments! Obumer care is a scam!
#THANK YOU AND YOUR COLLEAGES FOR FIGHTING SO HARD FOR US!  #WE SEE YOU AND YOUR HARD WORK IS APPRECIATED!!
who is this WE you speak of?  you cant speak for me..shes not doing anything for me
Take that salary that you do nothing to earn and help that family if you feel so much for them. Talk is cheap and you worthless
Tell your story!

Your voice trembles all the time...
