Are there any up right solutions for how this should work, if @Equifax can’t handle the problem? Remove them and replace them with another company? Or should it become a part of the government?
A strong identity service so people can't steal your identity with a few personal bits of info you can't change. Need to fix SSN as identity
Like you say the SSN number are super important, so people can’t steal your identity, but that mechanic should be implemented in everything so you need to “identify yourself” with a app before you can use your identity for anything. So this is a “government question” maybe?
Yes, I blame government for not having a strong identity service. Some small countries have this and it works wonderfully.
Can you name some of those countries? I would love to look up what they do differently.
Estonia is the first one I heard of. Used for Id, voting, banking, transit, etc. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estonian_ID_card …
Cool, we need voter ID
This is a band-aid for a broken system. We need strong cryptographic identity to prevent identity theft. This just shuffles liability.
Sounds about right, but just about. Why not just block ANY corporation from using consumer data for profit and gain? Private=Private
With our new FCC chairman? He worked to get Verizon out of that hole. It's against all his values to make data theft a crime and stop it.
That's actually a good test to tell if some1 should NOT be at a certain post; when u see a chairman continue the policy of his previous job.
You have a good point. But the entire cabinet is that way, honestly. He took each department's biggest critic and put them in charge.
I dunno, maybe the public [in US] needs a REAL HARD lesson in who to pick to represent them. But right now no one is complaining.
NO ONE IS COMPLAINING???
No one, Marcy. Not enough people that it can in anyway make a difference. Everyone is still happy with how things are going.
the free act is a joke.  send the criminals to jail - that might stop corruption and graft? don't you think?
Love you Elizabeth Warren! Fight the good fight
Our IRS just gave Equifax a huge contact. Where is your outrage?
how about indicting some of those who did this breach?  Where is justice in this?
Lol ok Pocahontas keep pushing lib trash
Try punishing these people instead of allowing them to get away with criminal activity b/c they donate to you and your friends.
She is SO good and direct and with what she says! More Americans should listen to her! I think Mr Trump is afraid of her and rightly so!
Hear this all the time but no one takes action on it. Would think that this be on the minds of all elected officials. Oh well???????
Seems strange one gov agency is dropping back doors on anything that is on the internet, then another wants to punish them when the bad guys uses that backdoor ...
A portion of the money WE pay LIFELOCK to Monitor our credit.
Amen
This is the only issue I have EVER agreed with beth Warren on
Ummmm yep
you need to put the criminals at equifax IN JAIL.... then this sort of criminal neglect and breach won't happen again.
How much of your contribution from hollywood elite have you given back? Better check before others do
How about free credit monitoring for life for the breach
Can you just sit on your hands, please??
I cant wait till your replaced
Isn't the "#freeact" pretty much what every piece of #liberal #legislation should be called? #MAGA is #abetterdeal!
Trump is a loser lol lol!
That's a profound, thought provoking statement. You come up with that yourself?
How about asking Congress to withdraw the over $7M contract with Equifax and give it to a more secure company!
Yea, how about that. Smells fishy doesn't it
You never fail to amaze me, madam. Go get ‘em!
LIFELOCK is a scam! They get their credit monitoring info from EQUIFAX!  WARREN ASKED SMITH about that, & Smith said YES  Equifax receives
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. McConnell allows  Foreclosure scam. #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … … … …
Please ask specifically if taxpayers' 2016 AGI was stolen.  That's the "PIN" for hackers to file fraudulent 2017 returns next year.
The act must also provision refunds for credit freeze fees that would be paid prior the law enactment. Why give our billions? their mistake.
why do we even have criminals like equifax.  why don't banks do their own credit checks?  They used to.
I totally agree, thanks for having your people's best interest
When can we expect a vote/passage of this legislation?  The so called "free equifax protection" exp.1/31/18.  Stolen data remains at risk.
States should act if Federal action can't happen fast.
Here we go again
hello
Until congress stops taking bribes from these companies in the form of political contributions nothing will change.
You go girl! Go get some more of Weinsteins money!
No fists in the air for Weinstein.
Where's the nasty women's response to Harvey Weinstein.  No comment or marches?
First a company employee can’t be personally responsible. Second, you are a regulatory monster so your outrage is BS.
Data is not collected without you consent. Read the forms. The forms mandated by our government.
What do you do except spout you are doing something.
What are you doing about the NSA collecting data on Americans?
Will you be returning your Weinstein donations? Or donating to rape crisis center? Victims charity?
This is a much bigger problem. We must expose the greed that got us here. 74% of households make less than $100,000. https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-pay-gaps-and-how-we-allow …
Equifax? Are you kidding me? While your party is waging a full scale war on women? You are a joke!
I wonder if @SenWarren  @BarackObama or @HillaryClinton  heard about WEINSTEIN???
How is @Equifax now telling me my info is on the dark web? And offering to fix it for $9.99 p month, When they put it there? #CriminalMinds
PREACH!
I guess she is not on these reporting agency's payrolls, or getting kickbacks
Americans deserve better that Elizabeth Warren!
Happy “your people” day, Pocahontas
Can U ask VP Pence why HE spent 90000$ of OUR money for this NFL "outrage" STUNT? is this a Joke ?
Corker is going to win the presidency if my party doesn't wake up
Will that apply for Trump and us deplorables? I think not!
We r trapped! Thank you so much
Wench, take Republicans guns....haha
You are wonderful and one of just a few on Capitol Hill actually doing anything for the people.
Your such a grandstanding witch, you never get anything done. This is why trump won stupid. We earn our money
How bout another startup agency or expansion of CFPB

I hope you enjoy my story of #WhyIResist. The best and brightest are feminists. https://twitter.com/anonalexthegr8/status/917263836717158400 …
The government must not always have to do something! Just go away Pocahontas.
Delighted by your energy and determination! Proud if I should‘ve been able to contribute some ideas... Pls DM me if further advise needed
How about prosecute them.
I'm all for standing up/talking back but are you advising People as to process/likely outcomes? Civics Literacy matters, Sen?/A constituent
Hey Pocahontas, where is your selective moral outrage and condemnation of Harvey Weinstein for sexually assaulting dozens of women?
100% support for Senator Warren
Go home Warren.
#maga #Democrats #Rebeldems #rebeldes #impeachment #impeach45 #usa
Even our Social Security health, Medicare--our SS# identifies us!
I'm behind your efforts.  I am one of these people, as Equifax is a common thread
Love You!! Thank you for being a strong woman!! We need to stand together to get rid of trump! He is destroying America!!
Obviously your Equifax campaign contribution wasn't high enough.
This is where you belong..  Smart, tenacious.  Pls. though...either run for office or stay away from backing corporatists who cozy up To $$

Hiring Hillary as a consultant is the answer.
Liz, you have become the angry old woman that calls city hall every two seconds to rail against life itsself-so where is your good ideas?any
Zionist organization of America
No data breach which reveal Trump's Tax Returns
How about all the money equifax made after and from the data breach should be distributed to all the consumers whose info were stolen.
Consumers should be in control of their own data not Equifax.
Elizabeth Warren for president 2020. You got my vote.
@SenWarren This is an opportunity for you to be empowered by the Federal Government .
Insult to injury for American taxpayers #equifaxbreach @IRSnews
True, but you know what you should do something about first? Extending CHIP!  #RenewCHIP

We provide only permanent solutions to all exploits.
Hire us today to get your credit score boosted, get high credit score to enjoy this coming festive period. Visit
I hope these Dinosaurs wake up.Do whats right for a change.I don t think they would be happy if it was their personal information compromise
We don't need more laws, we need the ones we have enforced.

Illegal immigrant breaks into NJ home, rapes 6-year-old girl, police say http://fxn.ws/2wFi0VE  #FoxNews DREAMERS IN THE NEWS
Stop listening to Fox News, it's bad for your health.....
you couldnt even stop your own people from leaking info and you want to do what? Stop lyin you have no clue what to do
Again, Warren seems to be on the side of intelligent and decent common sense...which of course, makes her a minority voice. Bravo, Senator!
It clearly states they can and do sell imformation. Now then, ask them about profits from selling that info.
I agree 
First time I ever agreed with you.
Their are much bigger issues to our nations safety Senator! Please speak out about them. Trump endangers our planet
You should have demanded the government stop dealing with this company but you did not. Shame on you.
LOL... and yet equifax gets huge contract with IRS.  makes sense
H Clinton hangs with Harvey Weinstein this is how she, most Dems and Pocahontas support women. 
WOW Warren just said a lot of nonsense. It’s not expensive to protect your Identity.
Do you really think Congress is going to do anything to protect the people?  I am laughing so hard I just peed my pants.
impressed and inspired to hear @SenWarren  grilling @Equifax
As u profoundly stated consumers should be able to decide unless it’s a power grap like health care.
Thank you Sen Warren for your hard work in the swamp.It has to be daunting exhausting work.I couldn't do it.Theyd lock me up for assault lol
Yes!  Thank you Senator Warren!
The anger in our country is building every day.I can feel what's coming and if anyone thinks it won't affect them......wake up ppl.
Without our consent!! Makes me grind my teeth.To get anything anymore we have to say,yes,it's ok for you to use and abuse me
SSN and fingerprint QRP to get credit. Companies can't keep fp data it coverts to QRP code given by police station/dmv to use to apply.
Agreed Elizabeth what do you suggest
Finally someone smart enough to speak up with a simple solution! Thanks Elizabeth!
Does this mean I'll finally be able to tell car dealers to stop advertising cars to me on YouTube?
It's so simple to quantify, it's called "Hoarding Wealth"
YES! YES! YES!!!
Yes, and clients of equifax have to purge information from equifax otherwise it's just a shell game.
We can always count on you to speak out for us. Thank you.
You are my hero!
Ban their guns half-breed.
Does you buddy Harvey Weinstein approve? #Hypocrite
Consumers already decide you moron. They have to give permission prior to anyone pulling their credit.
Lady, you have real "I trouble, me, myself, & I trouble!" You make Trump seem humble!
I wish Equifax had Hillary’s emails.
Then why did you allow the fat deal @Equifax got from our own govt? That’s a huge contract. WTH?
& since Social Security #'s are 4 life, there should be more than 1-year credit monitoring when they're hacked. Should we pay 4 their error?
This woman is for the people I Love Her
This is something I hope you stay after get off the bashing it's unproductive this kind of thing will get you noticed from both sides
No. I think we need to outlaw credit bureaus. I never authorised them to have access to MY personal information!
Agreed Equifax screws up and they still benefit while the rest of us have to fight like heck to keep our info safe
You're transparent in your lead up to this, grandstanding should be beneath a liberal leader, since the moral high road is your premise.
Keep those thieves in check.  Love the work you're doing.  Run for President, we need someone that's honest in the WH.
The level of criminal negligence is staggering
Go get them Senator Warren!!!
President
Pocahontas you did the right thing by giving that dirty money away.
Fees to who??? The govt? I'm sure the ppl harmed by it won't see a dime. Myself included.
You are correct. They should pay for every consumers record that was stolen
We have to have laws that make it illegal to require peoole's social Security numbers as ID, utilities, govn't agencies, require the number.
We need to not allow businesses, banks, govn't agaencies, utilities co.s to be able to require a social security number. It shoyldn't be ID

Remember when you and @TransUnion helped Orman scam money from the poor and middle class with a prepaid card scam?
We are being slaughtered more everyday by the insanity of a heartless govt and you're ranting about equifax. You are so out of touch.
Amen I agree preach

Do it!
@SenWarren In my opinion, all US companies would do well following https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/opinions/gdpr-essential-steps-survival/ … I'm looking at you @Equifax
Like I trust any data service now.
Your act has absolutely nothing to do with the solution to the problem. I had faith in you. It's gone
Ms Warren-We are with you on this one. Credit Firms play God and hv NO ACCOUNTABILITY when they fail to implement The Most Basic INFOSEC
Hey Liz, waiting for you to get back on Twitter. Wonder if you can spare a couple Benjamin's that you get from Harvey Weinstein... donor of your right?
I love Elizabeth Warren
Once again, the voice of reason speaks out.
I agree with you 110%!
Absolutely brilliant!  I'll back that bill all the way, Senator!
You should have been the Democratic Candidate for President
She didn't run due to poor judgement.  She instead backed a candidate with poor judgement.
Go Liz. You et the Brumhilde Award. Torch Valhalla.
Brumhilde and sisters were 7 Valkeries. Duties. Take slain Heros to Valhalla and defend Heaven from invasion of Titans (Jealous gods).
And where in America do we find these guys who think they are gods???? Duh.
Foookin' breeyant mate!
WASTE OF ENERGY ON WORDS GOING NOWHERE,BUT YOU BELIEVE ITS GOING SOMEWHERE.
Ever heard of CFPB.

In case u missed it, Equifax owns LIFELOCK! Warren made the connection been sloppy data mgmnt and the "biz op" as described by Equifax CEO!
You Democrats couldn’t even keep your primary and campaign efforts safe from hackers.
Thank you. Seems as if you are the only person who acts to do something beside complaining!
I don't usually agree with Politicians, but your take on this subject is correct, I also do not want my credit checked except on a purchase.
Agreed but what and when are we going to do about the psychopath with the nukes? Make America Glow Again?
anything to make yourself important, eh, pocahontas? you should move to Venezuela. I will pack your bagfs. N. Korea open
Hey Sen Warren, did you do anything about DNC/Democrat party Imran Awan data breach of govt files?
And that free svc @Equifax “gave” me just told me my bank acct was closed - WRONG! So I called, was told 2call a diff # but that # isn’t an Equifax line. Another co having to tell multiple callers sorry wrong #. Utterly incompetent - & now they’re protecting IRS data????
Shut them down
I like it. I never gave these companies permission to collect a file on me and run my life.
The right legislation can help protect the data of many Americans.
If you came up with it, it’s gotta be full of holes. You’re not capable of coming up with anything that doesn’t benefit Elizabeth
Why hasn't the illegal, immoral, "fucking moron" of a president been subpoenaed?
You are a demagogue senator, left winger with a big mouth full of poison spewing ignorance @GOP @POTUS @nypost
This has to change. They must be held accountable.  And the whole is thing. Common.
Great. The govt will save me. You're such a socialist, and it's sad.
@SenWarren if just half the @GOP specially these thugs of @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr had Ur "balls" & moral values the US would be better.
You always have an answer after the fact!!!!
And it's not the correct one either
