Sanctuary cities are being targeted for withdrawal of funds because they ARE NOT ENFORCING THE LAW. This is treasonous.
No, they're not. Trump's order is what violates the law. This is why the Court blocked it. #focus
Uh, that is the literal purpose of the DOJ targeting sanctuary cities. Because they aren't enforcing the law and are shielding criminals.
What you're proposing is called extortion and that's illegal.  He lied. Every immigrant is being targeted, not just criminals.
What an idiotic and misleading statement. The only "immigrants" being targeted are the ILLEGAL ones. And you know it. Stop conflating the 2.
You're wrong.  People who have lived here 20 years w/o committing crimes are being deported.  Anyone with brown skin is being targeted.
People who are here *ILLEGALLY*. This is not hard to grasp.
Again if that's true why aren't white undocumented immigrants being deported too? They aren't because this is all about race. Wake up! !
Please get him & the radical Dominionists out of our government.  We are becoming a Banana Republic.  Investigate #Trumprussia & JB society
He is having such a hard time with that concept. I'm amused, and not surprised that he's now threatening to "break up" the 9th Circuit. 
Trump wants to destroy anyone or anything that does not agree with him.
Forgot to add that. 
He suffers from Affluenza. He's been lead to brlieve money exempts him from rules & laws.
For the most part it does. In this case you have not read the law, and his action does not violate it.
The EO violates the law. The president doesn't have the power to apply conditions to the receipt of federal funds.
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump They don't BLOCK orders #JudgeDonHLester that violate theConstitution @1dca_flcourts
#JudgeDonHLester fabric8s cause to-immediately-arrest #Blacks4Revenue undr color of law
Where in the Constitution does it say we should Harbor known criminals and let them rape murder and Rob citizens?  Where????  I'll wait.
Why would any American want sanctuary cities? I know I don't want my money going to illegals aliens.
And how do you feel about stealing the @DNC nomination from @SenSanders
No Lizzy, IT was the same activist Judge that ruled against the film documenting the selling of baby parts at Unplanned Parenthood.
trump is completely a Constitutional ILLiterate.  Obama, on the other hand, is a Constituional scholar.  God help us now.
THAT'S ALL YOU LIB LOONS HAVE LEFT, "LOADED COURTS". ENJOY IY WHILE IT LAST'S, CAUSE THAT'S COMING TO AN END REAL SOON
And retardness and criminal lunacy apply to libatrds and leftists. You may like it or not
Where does it say we have to fund cities? Especially harboring criminals?
Keep fighting for us, Senator! We are counting on you!
So you support this? Mexican citizen who has been deported 15 times was arrested in a hit-and-run crash that left a boy, 6, badly
well explain this too the general public lady cause we don't understand why this should even be allowed and why then the $$ should cut out !
The @POTUS getting blocked perfectly points out for all that @GOP traitors only believe in rights for states if it serves a dictatorship.
And you support this,  Mexican citizen who has been deported 15 times was arrested in a hit-and-run crash that left a boy, 6, badly hurt
Yea it does, so don't be upset when this judge gets the boot, since that is covered by the constitution to.
#impeach Crazy coward @realDonaldTrump
#TheResistance
#climatemarch
#firesessions
#FirePaulRyan
@GOP
@DNC
Try reading it, you support illegals, by com8ng here illegally, they have committed crime! Get a clue
How does an obama threat to take federal money away from schools that didn't comply with common core different from complying with imm law
So some laws are merely "suggestions" I suppose. Insanity
Go away pohon
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
What about obama withholding monies over bathroom fiasco???   Double standard Warren!
It will be over turned Pocahontas. The law is on @realDonaldTrump side
Not about constitution. About wording of funds agreements already made. Trump can go for #sanctuarycities as much as he wants in October.
Pres. Trump's efforts to secure the lives and welfare of the American citizen is straight out of our Constitution! #1 job in DC... U.S. Citz
It's constitutional to ignore the law & harbor criminals who invade a countries borders?
These judges are paid by 44 Muslim brotherhood just like the rioters are paid,Democrats are killing our constitution
Constitution is one thing..  wildeyed leftist judges that need impeached is another.  9th circus court overturned 80percent goofey
Wow! Protecting criminals- murders, rapists & drug dealers. No one is above the law-liar! You really hate American citizens. #liberalfacism
@thekathybaker Constitution does not give cities the right to shield criminals, no matter how much sympathy liberals may have for them.
You are dishonest to the core, you'll be reviled in time
PLEASE use your influence to have Martial Law declared over the whole 9th Circuit. Protect rights,
Yes!
Shame I would give these parasites nothing let them all starve
@sportsandra Elizabeth Warren? Yikes. Is it because she's a Seminole?
Warren, the constitution and separation of powers don't appear to apply to Obama appointees in court! As the opposition party, they obstruct
He will see the morons on the Nineth circuit in the Supreme Court, for their next overruling.
California is no longer part of the United States who cares
Is that what you "feel" the constitution says you Soros meat puppet?
It's funny how you refer to the constitution and yet everything you do is against the people... conflict? i think so !
what goes arround comes arround
We can hope.
That was a purely political block by a judge that has shit for brains and is threatening the security of the county
Bock that block head
Warren if you had any idea what the constitution actually said your head would explode
You are fibbing again. The court doesn't rewrite the constitution.
Failure to follow federal law is the issue. Ur constant brow-beating to try to win back your popularity in MA is only pushig u further away.
I thought judges are supposed to enforce laws, not rewrite them?

It's has nothing to do with the Constitution, just Democratic obstructionism! We are not fooled!!
HA! CITING THE CONSTITUTION IN A TWEET THAT CHAMPIONS JUDICIAL REVIEW. That is rich
And to the people that he's trying to protect as for the constitution U and the Obama administration pretty much ignored that too hypocrite
Yes. Law will prevail eventually. You will fail sooner.
Where in the Constitution is it written that the President cannot withhold funds? Carter & Obama did it.
The EO simply says that he will ENFORCE the law, as passed by the Clinton administration. If you weren't such a partisan hack, you'd know it
He hasn't read the constitution!
You lost a lot of credibility by being HRC's Trump mocker. Her only reason to run was Trump is gross? You forgot that Hilly is too.
Oh snap Elizabeth...course in the world of 45...he is above all
9th circus court hardly meaningful they are lefty activist not judges
Jannicebonner1968@yahoo.com
Tell us about your Cherokee heritage Warren
Judges breaking the law!! 
@SenWarren That's interesting considering neither you or most of your Democrat colleagues seem to understand the Constitution at all #MAGA
.@SenWarren Democrat appointed judges are corrupt. They work to advance party & its politics; they do NOT work for the people.
Nope .. The president and AJ can still uphold the law ... #fakenews shame on you for your role in its dissemination ... #fauxcahontas
Do you ever ask yourself what you are really saying?  What I find is, you liberals don't even know what the constitution says or it's living
Just another liberal judge that tries to make law instead of interpreting the actual law that's on the books. The Supreme Court
9th circuit should recuse from any thought provoking decisions.
@SenWarren you and Pelosi are about 4 beers short of a six pack. How does someone not so bright get elected?
I have a question what part of illegal don't you understand
But nothing applies to you and the Democrats right Princess
I'll just leave this here.
When will King Trump learn that in this country you do not rule be decree
The court is legislating u old gas bag. Again the shoe fits u perfectly #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
Did you give back the @CherokeeNation childrens school money yet? YOU FRAUD!
OK Pocahontas send it to a different court and see if the same thing happens.. We know the game so stop the BS....
Maybe I will start picking and choosing what laws I will follow. How do you think that will turn out for me. Probably pretty shitty
Doesn't the Constitution apply to the governments willfully ignoring the laws of this nation. How dare they pick and choose what to enforce
So a sanctuary city ignores the laws of land granting protections to those who break the law, takes care of them financially.
Please come back tweeting when this judge is overturned
Not the Donald there must be an exemption! 
All the sudden the left loves the 10th? Will you stand up for states' rights when state's violate federal laws that are left leaning?
Laws are clear, choosing not to follow them like this judge is unconstitutional and you applaud it?  Figures.
No one is above the law! The constitution is bigger than every individual in America! Take a rest and focus on North Korea @realDonaldTrump
You are a damn joke and have no idea what OUR Constitution even says! What Native American are you saying you are this week?! You're a LIAR!
sitting senator cheering an activist judge's nonsensical ruling. Hey Liz, will you resign when this gets overturned?
Yippee - one more failure for "it"
@realDonaldTrump,  #FailingDonald #veryfailingDonald #extremelyfailingDonald.  Please vote for impeachment!!
So Lying American Indian Warren doesn't that make the judge out of line?  I hate to break the news that the Supreme court will block judge.
Lying American Indian Warren the constitution says you must be legal to be here or have the right papers.
He's certainly not going to do something like condone illegals. That's illegal. CU in the Supreme Court. You forgot this a liberal Court
Last time I looked: the American president works for the American people. Hard to tell sometimes - but there it is!
Where is this in the constitution. What was he doing that was against it. Please back up your claim!
Let's get that wall up!
Warren for president 2020
Protecting criminals, murderers, drug addicts etc., is not for the good of Americans, don't you understand?
Yes it does, but not you Commie Costitution.
NOW POST ALL OF THIS ON TWEETER
words from the book way to go and this was under Obama now you are recanting what you said amazing how you lie and get by with it
Thank you for sharing my posts with Tweeter By the way how are the sales going on the book you wrote? System is as rigged as we think? Your
Look at that courts record of rulings being overturned and then you can pipe down about the constitution. This is about activist judges
Let California have all the sanctuary citizens they want.. then withhold fed $$ for the increased crime, enviromtl clean up, air pollution..
When their sanctuary plan goes to hell, they'll come begging for help from the feds.
Obama hack judge. Activist Obama bundler. Not impartial. Judicial insurrection!
Why don't you do something constructive for a change, that's what we pay you for.
What don't liberals understand about the word ILLEGAL
US Attorneys need to start locking up the Police Chiefs and Mayors for Obstruction of Justice. Libtard scourge.
If only pos tramp would nominate some. Lol.
.5/1-Ca NUSD&FUSD Educators-RALLY4:Unwavering support 4 all students,Vigilance 4 safe zones,Advocacy 4 public ed
The border wall is the right thing to do.I've lived in where 50% of the people speak Spanish & they discriminate against non-Spanish.No more
That's asinine. President's have long been withholding Federal money from states that don't comply with various things.This is no different.
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @pannlewis44 @pannlewis44 #CIA #Veterans Seth Meyers Remarks on NRA TeaParty Drumpf https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEskg0Z-NAQ …
Thank you for understanding our Constitution!
@POTUS Another loss for you, how many is that now???? 
The biggest fear right now should be the fact that he’d absolutely love to change that!
When are all of u traitors going to be arrested?

Richard Burt runs Letterone. He wrote the Mayflower speech. Gasprom paid him  565K in early 2016, so good chance he made deal (R) Congress.
Said Pocahontas...
Please refer me to the section of the Constitution saying that cities who violate federal law are entitled to federal money. #LiberalHack
Key points:

"overstepped his powers"
"only Congress could place such conditions"
Just walk off of a bridge,Warren,  you fraud
...How about signing yourself up for Obamacare, Senator!
Isn't it strange that you will write law for everyone else but choose which laws you're going to be exempt from!...
The law that allows defunding of sanctuary cities -- Title 8 U.S. Code 1373 -- passed in 1996 under Bill Clinton.
Boo
100 days and 0 to show for it.
REALLY? That's the problem of not knowing the governing documents of your own country. @ So-Called @POTUS
Sanctuary hurts citizens. Worry about citizens, most homeless are Citizens and many are veterans. Take care of American citizens first!
The California judge is ignoring the law and that is a fact. Maybe the big quakenwill come and do the real states a favor. CALI IS corrupt
Hey POCHAHONTAS, This ruling had NOTHING to do with the Constitut.just another Libtard activist judge who bought the bench from Obamanation
Hey Lizzy that will be overturned. Nothing more than judicial over reach.
Trump will get Congress change all that
Wow Liz you are the last person on earth that should be talking constitution. Your as Crocked as the day is long!
Please read the dec of Independence. Seriously, we need to repeat that history today. Look at the reasons they gave. Uncanny. Start new!
But first he has to read the Constitution.
It was a single judge, who was appointed by @BarackObama, who also bundled thousands of dollars for him. #StopJudicialActivism
If @POTUS said the constitution was a living/breathing document, would you be okay w/his #EO's? #BuildTheWall #DefundSanctuaryCities #MAGA
Hey did you feel #Obama was violating the #Constitution when he threatened to withhold Fed. Funding for TransGender bathroom law violators?
He's not violating the #Constitution by requiring states/cities to obey #FederalImmigrationLaws this "judge" is acting on #Politics only
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
idiot,
He may think he's above the law, but he's not!
"FromHereOn; all judges blocking executive orders shall be referred to as "so-called judges!"
#piehole needs to shut her stupid trap #panderer
Oh look, a liberal pretending to give a  about the constitution. Must be really convenient to pick and choose when it's important
But no one explained to Don the Con that he is not king.
All Senators, Rep+Dem, said they didn't learn anything new on N.Korea at WH briefing. How much did that day trip cost taxpayers?
@SenWarren
Too bad having a brain doesn't apply to him too.
This is not constitutional. Didn't you learn anything when you were charging $400k to teach one course?
You're an absolute Buffoon!
You are history, an unfortunate part of it
How stupid.
amazing how the constitution is ignored and minimized until it suits your adenda.. we see through you. DGK
You enter our country  ILLEGALLY and have the nerve to make demands, That's BULLSH^T! You are part of the problem.
The Constitution doesn't supports ILLEGALS/lawlessnes. UR 4 illegals not Citizens cause u no they will vote DEMOCRAT that's what it's about
