He shot 59 missiles into Syria with no cosequences. Sounds like waging war alone to me.
What about the 12000 plus Obama launched without congressional approval????? Sound like he waged war alone to me
The AUMF says POTUS can attack Al Quaeda & its offshoots, not sovereign govts, no matter how bad they r & Assad is BAD! #WhatAboutism
I fully supported Obama on his stance with Syria how about you guys have a backbone and support @POTUS for the same actions
If he wanted America's support he shld have adhered to the Constitution and gotten the authorization from Congress. #ChecksAndBalances
And again did your ex president Barack Obama get congressional support before he dropped 12000 plus bombs.... nonhe didnt
#WhatAboutism Conservative icon Ronald Reagan turned tail & ran when Hezbollah killed 241 US Marines in 1983.France hit back.
This isn't 1982 and he isn't Reagan. Apples and oranges my friend.
When are you going to start the impeachment hearings???? He is undereducated, under qualified and a total embarrassment to this country.
When are you going to read the constitution? He is college educated and over the age of 40... and fourth other countries applaud his actions
Oh I'm sorry.... Economics degree for UPen.... I like to be accurate
ur not very accurate in espousing reasons 4 impeachment
Huh?? Really??? Do you read or watch what is going on?? Russia collusion to get elected?? Seriously? You think that's ok.... wow.
give me 1 iota of proof on the other hand Rice has a lot 2 answer 4....worse than Watergate!
Again.... read. Watch more than just @FoxNews for your information. You're blinded. His own son in law met with the Russians. Come on
Ok so because I met with trump now I am colluding with him and the Russians also right??? Give me a break stop whining and be constructive
@terrasum if only there was some way for congress to stop him. Or try.
Remember all those drone strikes Obama ordered that ending up killing up innocent people? And his droning of an US citizen. Constitution?
I concur, I am against those as well. But this was a military asset of a foreign nation. Not exactly the same.
Droning people without congressional approval is more ethical than supposedly bombing an airfield that is used for chemical weapons attacks?
The droning, unfortunately, is somewhat preauthorized by congress. I made no argument as to ethics. it’s less ethical.
Ummm Obama admin used drones in foreign countries killing people.  Those are not acts of war?  And how many innocent people died?
My point is the drone strikes which began under Bush had authorization due to the non-state status of individual terrorists.
Killing people in their home country with drone missiles is an act of war is it not?
U sould spend some time trying to recognize @realDonaldTrump is the prez instead of trying to undermine everything he does or says
You might prove more credible when you actually have a comment of some substance.
Andrew Jackoff... erm, Jackson unilaterally and in violation of SCOTUS ruling, waged the Trail of Tears against the southeast nations...
It is IMPERATIVE, just ONCE, that the colonial US Government honour the goddamn treaties! Because it returns to today and places like Syria!
#trumprussia
The stew comment tells me you still don't get it. Your own dig that not #USA #POTUS #TRUMP #MAGA #WETHEPEOPLE sticks &stones loses votes
What else is required 2express our discontent?  Internet has lots of scattered info.  Pls pull info 2gethr w/status&direction.
you knew Obama's strategy always months http://ahead.how  did that work out?
am more comfortable with experiencedqualified men  protecting us,than a bunch of academics.
This needs to be kept separate from the Russian interference investigation. Don't get distracted.
We know you know "erratic" @SenWarren, it's your middle name. But what exactly do you know about "strategy"? Sen wannabe Indian 
The Generals are making orders ... unlike know nothing BHO who demanded every move be cleared with him/Valerie Garrett.
Bunch of Commies
That stew comment was real brainy BAHAHAHA. Ya c how DEPLORABLES worked. Y'all ain't much 4 learning ru. #MAGA #POTUS #TRUMP it's y u lose
Dear genius....  he didn't declare war.  I'm guessing you favor chemical attacks then?  Quite the humanitarian you are. Abortions and sarin!
Shut up already
45follower no picture troll who are you telling to shut up?
Check your constitution nothing other than a #msm #fakenews moment. SURPRISE is what u want not ur #msm getin intel b4 #notmymedia #trump
How is this Mar-a-Lago business ok? Introduce legislation to use non-private forums to host foreign officials. I am sick of the fleecing.
U R so full of hate and righteous venom that fewer and fewer respect your statements. No credibility. Hyperbolic theatrics. 
WW3..... people have allowed trump so much power theirs a lot of blame to go around. Us  little guys are stuck with trumpers in WH
Ok so I mean there's not their... outta their blame
If Congress doesn't hold him accountable then we have a Constitutional Crisis on our hands. McConnell has already stated he's not forcing it
Again where were you when Obama dropped 12000 plus in Syria... Obama bombed 7 other countries with out congressional approval
Requires new authorization from Congress. Big difference...That's where I was, Thank you for asking.
Executive action does NOT require new authorization Obama never got it and I supported his actions in Syria unlike you guys to @potus
Btw, Obama didn't need additional Congressional approval as I stated in previous tweet. He was acting on Congressional auth under ISIS
apparently our congress does
In the nxt 3yrs #USA will wake up to the #msm Dem agenda #Trump will get 4moreyrs. Then Ivanka will be 1st Female Prez #maga # cya liz #
Thank you for the truth#impeachtrump!

Always!
Fuvk you #NeverDemocrat
So how do we stop him?  When is Congress going to do their job and impeach him?
When the noose is big enough. When it's a clear and undeniable charge. When it can't be slipped out of. Or am I too generous about them?
What really gets me is there are people who actually still support this train wreck.
Yes. Half the country.  All of us "Deplorable"  but irredeemable as well. Must mean u r righteous!
Well, okay then. You might want to educate yourself about what's really going on, dear heart. Starting w/this:
Buzzfeed and NPR are the star sources. What a joke. And ur not my nana, enuf with the dear heart condecension. Thank you.
No Pence . He's complicit
Trump is the man!
#VoiceOfReason
I'm sure McConnell can work around that silly constitution. When has it mattered since 1/20?
No but it sure permits him to remind Asad of old US saying...'f--k with the bull & you get the horns'. Same N Korea & China should remember
So how did the air strike happen then?!?!
You really just need to shut up and go away and let this get handled by Trump
You should consult with your buddy Obama on this one. ;-)
Do you ever do Anything for We the People, or do you just constantly cry the sky is falling! Your best friend crooked Hillary lost !
Where were you the last 8yrs?
And yet your party supports ILLEGAL imagration as a right. The whole government is ass backwards #TermLimits
You should talk about the constitution you Soros owed clone of clinton
Obama bombed Syria, Libya, Iraq, Yemen, and 4 other Countries where was your bullshit outrage then? selective perception & willful ignorance
@StageYaneu ANYWARo'ConflictWill Always Eventually,&SeverlyAffectALLo'US!!! #AfganIRAQLibyaNWPakistanISIL,etc& guessWho'llPay4it?
He did not declare war...what are you talking about?l did not vote for Pres. Trump but l support the strike 100%.Trump is not the wimp Obama
In sept of 2013 Obama asked congress to do exactly what trump did, but GOP refused. Now they all applaud his actions. Such hypocrites
Obama's Red Lines...
That was America's red lines and the Republicans did not back Obama up.
No. Obama is the one who declared the line. Not America. Not Congress.
you've got that wrong. When Obama wanted to bomb Syria, congess said no
He still could have done it. Didn't need Congressional approval.
Bombing Syria in a meaningful way ignites a broader, complex war. Congress needs to approve. Obama knew this. Also: replace Assad with who?
Then why didn't Obama get congressional approval for the 12000 plus bombs he dropped??
Where was this sort of stand when obama raided Libya?
We all want to help refugees. But they must b vetted. Some of them will plot against us. Wise up Elizabeth
Those babies him and putting and Assad killing need safety hope you never need help lassie
Why u call me Lassie?
Don't get all mad... it's just discussing.. I have views like u. Doesn't make us engines. 
Wynn honey I like you I just don't like what I'm subject too with 45 I like discussing stuff with u it makes me check myself to be sure
I like u too. Would not have friends u. Stay on board. C what happens
Thank u Wynn no I never mean to disrespect u I really care bout how u feel it the 2 nd person I met in Twitter all bugs lady Wynn
hey Pocahontas, nothing in the constitution says that the president can't STRIKE, it only says he cannot declare war.
America was a laughing stock under obama we are making it great again. A laughing stock is a fake Native American.
Did you even see the babies' lives sucked away from them? Oh, wait you are ok with abortion. Now I get it.. Sit down and shut up!
Wake up he didn't declare war, if you're that dumb how did you get elected
If Hillary had said pic of babies made her bomb,Repub would have torn her to shreds.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. WE ARE MERE CITIZENS OF THIS CORRUPT NATION. YOU HAVE. Platform & VOICE!  We know the problem.. be our solution!
Yes!! Very well said.
Trump show-boating at our expense & the world's. Bombing was reactive, unplanned & broke constitutional law. This should not go unchecked!
U should b concerned w/fact that Trump ordered strike w/o congressional notification or consent, yet he contacted Russia instead.
YES!! How Is Putin's forewarned About Air Strike& Americans& Congress Are Not? What kind of"Nut Ness" Is This???
UMMM DID TRUMP DECLARE WAR? WHERE DID YOU GET YOUR DEGREE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE?
Thank you
Btw.. lol I saw the video of u saying Trump would NEVER BE PRESIDENT! Hahaha
U so smart
I can see u wanna be smart but I voted for that man begging 4 cash smh
Who cares about the constitution? That never stopped US presidents from waging war in the past.
Especially when it appears to serve 3 causes
1) destroy gas attack evidence 4 putin
2) Dissuade Collusion theory
3) both profit from action
The causes were actually:
1) To destroy dangerous weaponry on an airbase.
2) To show the world that we will not tolerate terrorism.
Please don't refer to Trump as president. It sickens me.
President Trump is your US President. President Trump President Trump President Trump President Trump President Trump President Trump #MAGA
Has he truely committed a war crime? If so, he should be impeached. Why has this not happened yet?
Few things more erratic than Wall St reformer who stumps for Wall St candidate; alleged feminist who sustains wage disparity favoring men
The President's erratic approach to Syria is not a strategy. It underscores why our Constitution doesn't let Presidents wage war alone.
This from the woman who thought she was a Native American? Now that is RICH...like you, filthy rich.
Your voice is white noise
Seems like something major. How long do we sit back and be silent? You are our voice. Feeling helpless.
Mrs. Senator Warren: Examining your approach there on taxes and more subjects indicates an erratic mathematics
Yes Sen @SenWarren We would much prefer Mr Obama's strategy of doing nothing.
Where were you when Obama did this for 8 years in the Middle East?!?!
Can you say "Libya"? Or even "Syria"? Remember your hero Obama bombing both without congressional approval? Fauxacohantas you need a memory
What would you do???? ......
Good point. Why didn't you make it when Obama was drone striking Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, Libya, etc.?
@JoanneCangal well then why did tRump get away with firing 50 missiles into Syria? Nobody stopped him and military took his order
He didn't wage war.... Gosh, you are such a joke
Very, very wise forefathers
DT SHOULD BE CHARGED W/100 COUNTS TREASON BY NOW  DC KEEPS  LET HIM GET AWAY W/TREASON, NO DICTATOR N USA DT NOT A PRES CRAZY RACIST KILLER
Was not a waging of war...
Well said!!
Just remember Democrats have been running the country for eight years all this crap is because of you
It protects our rights to bear arms, too. But you don't like that part.
If his act was unlawful, he needs to be accountable. 

@RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer
How old is this?
It is old.  But i had not seen it.  I guess this stuff with him has been around for a long time.
what would you have done? Shoot arrows at them? #Pocahontas #voteherout
If we waited for you libs to do anything we wouldn't have a United States of America
Well, unlike the rest of you Libtard pantywaists, we now have a President who is willing to take calculated risks to protect the innocent.
Trumps a mad man!
...and you are not a Native American #Fauxcahontas speaks with forked tongue
Time for you  Elizabeth to RETIRE
Hes just upset #ISIS called him an idiot this Syria  attack is just an excuse and a distraction from his FBI investigation and low ratings
Enjoy the next 8 years. The DNC put him there.
It does give him the power to strike and you know it u hack
Please speak less. You underscore why people who pretend to be indians should not be in leadership positions. #MAGA
Erratic approach? What about your erratic behavior
@MelindaThinker attacking another nation is declaring war and #trump had no right to do so.
I know. It was illegal.
He did not wage war. Where was your tweeter war when Obama was doing it all over the place? Oh yeah, your a hypocrite, nvm.
59 missiles is many things. Erratic is not one of them.
The only thing erratic is you.
You had no problem with all the bombs and random drone strikes done by President Obama. Thousands of them!
But you hate the constitution....
Leave my country
@realDonaldTrump President Trump is the Commander in Chief, in case you forgot, and he took appropriate action. He did not declare war.
#crazy You have lost touch with America and American values.
This Pres. Did so now what is going to be done about it. He should be brought up on war crimes
You are in a minority thinking this
Why don't you go sit in your TeePee Elizabeth
Senator, I must convey the goings on in the Senate are VERY disturbing (Garland/Gorsuch).Citizens are not benefitting from the "maneuvering"
Apparently much of the U.S. Constitution doesn't apply to this POTUS.
You need to go to the woods with HRC and disappear Pocahontas!
@DevinNunes under investigation & @CIA ain't telling him SHIT! Putin said
@realDonaldTrump could drop $84M N bombs on Syria2 change subject

Summary of Sunday shows:  People who will never, ever vote for Trump strongly approve of his bombing Asad for ISIS.
When u r president u can open ur mouth till then keep it shut. Underpaying women staff by $20k compared 2 men. U r 2-Faced just like Hillary
Well, what are y'all gonna do about it? https://lisburnbusker.blogspot.co.uk/2016/11/29-letter-to-america.html?showComment=1491766124529 …
Your party pushed the War Powers Act. Repeal it or live with it.
But yet he persists! Help us Please @SenWarren Tell me how I can help. I'll walk to Washington to help bring this lunatic @POTUS down
Do you need a reminder about why there is civil war in Syria? Hillary thought she'd topple a couple regimes, Arab Spring and all, here we r
How about this?
NO Dem DEAD Voters
Voter ID
NO illegImm Voters
Term Limits
So cronies like Pelosi, do NOT make $100 Mil
in Public Service
But he did 
@POTUS, bombing an airfield was easy! NOW the HARD CHALLENGE, what to do next? Hopefully  has got you a plan for Syria? NO, shocker!
if he did something, it's erratic. If he did nothing, it's irresponsible. Go have some starbucks.
I think he should be the first to go into battle
Then why does POTUS have sole authority to launch nuclear weapons? Makes no sense & w/ nutcase Dirty Don in the WH a VERY dangerous world!
Is erratic the word they gave you today?
Didn't hear anything about War. So WTF are you babbling about?
As a war veteran that have seen other nations suffer. This had to be done. If not, it undermines why we are America.
And she thinks were at war???
Warren. You know Trump did not need your permission for that tactic. Just like Obama told Congress in 2013 remember?
Apparently it doesn't matter or Trump would already be in jail for his 40 yr crime spree. If anyone cared they would never have let him run.
unless of course, it's Obama waging the war...
You know nothing about the constitution! Your agenda destroys America and the Constitution. You are a #fake and #nuts.
The only erratic is you that speak with fork tongue
Clueless.
You know that's not true. President has the authority to do it, and has 24 hrs to talk to congress, 20 in congress knew. NATO was FOR it.
That attack was a bit of showmanship ala Trump. Fooled a few, but does not meet litmus test for true response.
Uh, wait.  Last time I heard he was dispatching ships toward N Korea.
Thank you for telling it like it is.The media would stop referring to @realDonaldTrump's "strategy" and "policy." That's not what this is.
Hypocrite!
This President is not a gutless coward.
His attack on Syria was illegal. He never received approval from Congress.
You're annoying.
But, Senator Warren, don't you realize by now that the Constitution apparently doesn't apply to trumpov?!
the Constitution hasn't applied to Republicans for the past 2 years minimum.
How about a president that doesn't wage war, period?  For once.  MAGA!
Didn't your president OBAMA lie about removing the causus belli, the WMD?  You seem to be a hypocrite
An erratic approach is the indiscriminate gassing your own people
you are a false person telling this.Why didnt you say nothing to Obama/Hillary in many terrible situations.Example:Libya?
Another bat shit crazy Democrat sounds off, and said nothing go back to sleep Elizabeth,  " stands with bullshit " @RLRECO
He had to hurry and distract the US!  DIDN'T WORK POTUS! We're watching u and working to IMPEACH u! Only 1year for Watergate! Soon for u!
Shut up already
To you the President  will NEVER do anything right, you will never want to work with him. So why don't  you just go home and stay there?
He enriched himself at the cost of US taxpayers.
They should never tell YOU a damn thing. You would tip off the enemy. Traitor!
His emotional response is not an admirable trait. It's one that could easily escalate into a real war!
Almost no one is logically consistent and intellectually honest when it comes to politics and this thread is a great example
Hard to say anything he just  pulled a Nixon smh
Trump did not wage war. Doing so requires congressional approval. An airstrike, however, was very legal. You are a pathetic liar.
But he is. #resist
was wondering how and where @POTUS @realDonaldTrump would have the country at war
