I am proud to stand with the Armenian community in #MA and around the globe to affirm the #ArmenianGenocide. https://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/04/24/naming-armenian-genocide-for-what/jgW1pRcEx8Xbqtvyxx3omO/story.html …
Also let's not forget #russiagate
Yea, lets keep wasting our taxpayer$$$ for a dead end investigation. Its time to makeup a new scandal. I know! Kim jung is Trumps Luv child!
Russia russia #russigate
Please read  Boghos Nubar statements, Paris confrnc, 1919-20. Why did Armenia being the 1st nation to recognize independent Turkey in 1920?
really just ? Forget the Jewish community in #ma or the current genocide in Syria ? Hollywood makes a movie you must feel smart
I wish people study history before making "Genocide" claims. History has census, treaties & recorded statements that don't support genocide.
How about the Holocaust....will you ever forget?
No we won't
Your pal, Barry O. promised we could keep existing medical plans. He's sponsored by Soros too.
@SenWarren how about the Christian genocide being committed by Islamists? You're happy to ignore that one
We the T Party in Mass have just 1 promises, to work hard 2 vote U out of office. GO GEOFF!
I am not Armenian, but I believe the world's gone too long w/o calling it like it was - a genocide  Thank you for saying as much as well
Yes, sadly it was genocide &if Trump doesn't put a stop to NK,s NuKprogram, there'll be another genocide! Obama should of stopped it yrs ago
as you gladly support others being slaughtered today in other countries; sheeeesh @cnn @foxnews
If genocide occurs, the one &only to blame is Obama 4not enforcing his Redline BS. I thank the Lord for @POTUS every night #ArmenianGenocide
Human promise; some pure; some not. From whom gives us our humanity. We need to put back our Truth, in our country. Before we all fade.
Nor will we forget all those on the wrong side of #kremlingate
Why is this so complicated #ArmenianGenocide it happened and instead of sounding like politicians actually do something about it
Now your Armenian ?
That's not what she said.
She pilfered 6 million to investigate voter fraud
Cenk Uygur forgets.
middle class America decimated over the last 2 decades...Hmmmm, you been there 3 decades.
@RT_com I think Hillary Clinton already denied that, sucking up to Turkey as Sec of State.
What about the Genocide of the Native American that the US Government did?Where is your fight on that?
#RepublicanCoverUp of #TrumpRussiaCollusion & #TrumpCorruption

#Dems @DNC #Citizens #media must demand special prosecutor team! #Resist
Thank you for not ignoring this horrible tragedy
Has anyone in congress ever mentioned the NATIVE AMERICAN GENOCIDE? It would really be nice if they did, don't you think?
Thx Pocahontas
You're so PHONEY! Go away!
Not to mention the IncrementalAmericanGenocide currently in progress. #Minorities #People with severe mental illness #the homeless. WeCU45.
Lets not just make promises let's take action to prevent similar happening again !  What ACTION is being used to stop Trump !!??
I didn't realize you were in charge of ANTIFA. Telling your devoted followers to stand down is brilliant. Maybe get Perez to curse at them 2
How about the crime against humanity against 3.5 American citizens being forced to flee to the USA? http://ln.is/franklindelanolopez.com/MjXJu … via @trueblue51
Why are you allowing Genocide to happen in Syria??? All talk no action!!! Unacceptable
How do u fell about what we did to your ansestors the American Indian
You are so right.  We will not forget what a nongood you are and what a lousy President you would be
I remember when you were just a poor black male child ... You are worse then Bernie Madoff
Don't worry the voters won't forget either! Happy retirement!
Thank you
CHEMTRAILS they are spraying the hell out of us !!! #stopSPRAYINGus
Agreed.  I haven't forgotten all the garbage spewed from Ann Coulter's mouth either.
How about promising to do your job for the people of the Commonwealth? @GerryCallahan Two useless politicians pandering #liawatha
Very Cool
now SNL has tanked there's always @SenWarren for a good laugh. For all the smiling she does on TV I'm sure her pillow is tear soaked
And do you know who killed them off? Turkish muslims following the quran, do you have the courage to say that?
U'll never say "Genocide" on the Senate Floor No US politician has  courage. Even 2night malfunctions/refunds @ theatres showing #ThePromise
Can't wait to see you on Bill Maher!  Keep Trump in check for America
So tired of going back in history, rapidly in modern times.#BeKindDontRewind.  We know better!!!  Learn from history FkH8
I BET YOU FORGOT BENGHAZI
I can feel your sincerity. 1/96th Armenian.
what is wrong with this woman?
@SenMarkey I have just one promise: we will not forget #nativeamericangenocide
Sen. Warren Just like the American Indian Genocide starting in 1492 from @realDonaldTrump ancestors.
We will not forget: #benghazimurders
thank you Senator Warren. My mother's parents escaped as teenagers from Armenia when their families were killed.
TY, @SenWarren and @SenMarkey for your recognition of #ArmenianGenocide
Thank you senator Warren! I've been a big fan for a long time and you didn't let us down!
Please go away
Thank You Senator.
You suck
Are you Armenian too? Or just indian?

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Mitch McConnell led Super PAC took $2 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman last election cycle #trumprussia 
that's just great, yet you support abortion and the suppression of free speech
Did you forget Benghazi?
Did you forget Trumpghazi Yemen the five year old girl the other civilians and the Navy Seal?
We have one promise, your time representing the pple of Massachusetts is coming to an end!
If you'll never forget, surely you'll know who @TheYoungTurks were, and wonder why a Youtube Channel basically named itself  Nazi TV.
It's about time you stand for your own American ppl and not illegal immigrants!
Thank you Brave Indian Princess!!
Today is Holocaust remembrance day
Slither  ask under your rock phony fake Namr no picture troll
@BDSMovement How about crimes against humanity being done on Palestanian nation by Apartheid govt of Israel. Have you done anything?
@SenMarkey please do not be silent about #YazidiGenocide that Turkey is now assisting as of one hour ago... https://twitter.com/thefnorder/status/856695491152801793 …
I wish I could forget your face..... Pocahontas 
@SenSchumer you know something, I wouldnt do any business in Congress till an indecent commission with special prosecutor established
The suppression of this investigation is an outrage; additionally I want investigation into any senator who sought to stifle this
Investigation; nothing is more important
How brave, go save the Indians you claim to be part of.   Fraud.
In their memory fight tyranny of Republican Party suppressing investigation of Russian tampering with the worlds strongest democracy
Forget about Americans huh Warren ?
Phony troll with ten followers
There's a lot you forgot lady! Don't make promise you can't remember to keep. Do you remember who your relatives are? Your name?
Did you all get the same memo this morning
Neither will we.

#TrumpLeaks Docs: Mitch McConnell led Super PAC took $2 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman last election cycle #trumprussia 

Elizabeth Warren just announced she's 1/5 Armenian. Her aunt told her so when she was a kid.
@SenWarren My Grandfather was an Armenian Survivor. Neither Turkey nor the US will acknowledge this abomination. It's time#ArmenianGenocide
thats all you have left? the entire constitution and the bill opf rights and all you can promise is someone logged it?
@SenMarkey yr party is committing genocide against this country. Take a look at lib disasters for the last 50 years
@SenMarkey @BostonGlobe What about the slaughter of American Indians? We will never forget Pocohanus either!
@SenMarkey Thank you 
don't forget but this country must also officially recognize the genocide
Senator Warren, thank you.
Be a reasonsble person.  Support the President.  Your bias is showing.  The people needs strong person,as yourself. Please!
Amazing Twitter allows the establishment of these phony troll accounts.
Hahaha. You forget after every election all the people you promised not to forget. So politician of you to say that
On behalf of my great grandfather, who left for America only to have his entire family slaughtered back home, my family thanks you, senator.
Horrific!  So sorry, Jim Hoover.
@TheYoungTurks But this never happened right Chenk? Hypocrite.
Thank you & in honor of them let's get the right people in office! For our special elections, need help from a few with brains in Congress!
I have just one promise: we will not forget. #DemsGenocideofinnocentbabies #demslovekillingbabies
My paternal grandfather was an Armenian genocide survivor but the rest of his family weren't so lucky. He immigrated into Canada then the US
The Armenian Genocide is a prominent example of what can occur when a government decides to implement "gun control" laws,
Why don't you just admit that you will do anything to buy votes and get elected?
@EmicAcademic you will not forget the children drinking water in Flint?
Uh...yes, yes I can mourn the Armenian genocide and demand clean water for Flint at the same time.
I glad you can but can Warren?
I'm
I thought you were worried about the collapse of NATO? But today you don't care about our military & air base in Turkey? Is NATO important?
Senator Warren how do we as citizens ensure an
honest
truth seeking
transparent investigation 
on Trump/cronies connections to Russia occurs
Lovely lady you are Lizzie , been pleasure to hear you , Thank you
Thanks!
So you DON'T care about making our allies mad now? Its hard to keep up. So you DO want Trump to alienate Turkey a NATO ally now?
Time to recognize it federally!
So many Armenian Republicans! We love them and cherish their contribution. We hate the genocide!
A relative was stabbed in the leg as a 3yr. old piggybacked on her running mother by a Turkish woman before the cow cars to Baghdad. g-cide.
Let me guess...besides being related to Pocahontas you have some Armenian in you too.
The unspeakable tragedy of #ArmenianGenocide, and the denial that followed, reminds us of our duty to confront evil around the world.
More than a century later and the Turks cannot admit their crime! Sickening.
Thank you Senator Warren 
Warren does obstruction politics and your thanking her?  Did you thank her when she lied and claimed to be Native American and stole a job?
So stop tweeting about it and let's make it official
No we will just forget the genocide the US committed with the Native Americans.
The ONE thing we agree on #ArmenianGenocide.
If Trump has his way that kid in your picture is going to grow up in pollution with all income going to the rich, remember you were warned.
Please you already forgot #Orlando by supporting immigration of people who kill #LGBT #Christians and every day #Americans
The Orlando shooter was a native-born US citizen, but go on, continue to exploit tragedy to push your bigoted agenda.
Raised by his father who was an immigrant under a investigation for aiding terrorists organizations
If your telling the entire Story!
Never again doesn't work unless we do not forget.
@SenMarkey so now ur a #Fauxcahontas #FauxArmenian?
Dont forget Russia/Trump either and more importantly you should be putting public pressure on Sen Burr.
it is timme we say the truth!!   #armeniangenocideremembranceday #ArmenianGenocide102
Not move those sympathies into the 21 century and the Middle East and take your ideolog sunshades off
MAGA
Please resign
Love you

take it easy bot. That's not even tangentially related here.
Obama Presidency the biggest scam in the history of the world. Traitorous incompetent with a cool guy demeanor pandering to the ignorant.
You're referring to Trump right? Literally staffed cabinet with traitors (Flynn, Sessions) and the poorly educated (Carson, DeVos) also liar
Not to mention Pruitt a liar and climate change denier, so many liars. Send Kushner to Iraq in his Sunday finest
Sickened by Politico article describing Obamas Treason re: Iran deal.
Trump so soft on Russia since campaign, turns out his campaign was caught red-handed in selling out to the Russians so they lied about it
That's another bot Mission to Europa. most of them are. At least we can take solace in that.
I feel like you have tons of promises?
that's um big heap promise.
Unless you're named @cenkuygur ?
Care to tweet that to #TYT

@womensmarch do you happen to know anyone who could organize a #MarchForTruth on #MemorialDay in #DC. Maybe some #resistance could happen?
Instead of marching, why don't you help the homeless and poor.  Get your hands dirty.  Your marching is inert, oh,  yes it is.
