I can't watch you go crazy on tv anymore. You look so foolish and petty, just like Schumer
slamming Rep. Tom Price about conflicts of interest! That was awesome!!
You're part of allowing Congress to continue the practice of insider trading. Why are you exorcised about Tom Price & not others?
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks."
Shakespeare knew it all a long time ago.
You agree with insider trading for Congress members? You agree with the lies told by Warren?
Warren and Price both guilty of conduct illegal for the rest of us.
fight him, please. He is a disaster for all patients, and especially  for seniors and LGBT folks.
What specifically has he done to harm patients, seniors, and LGBT folks?
She's just making up stuff John.. those delusional lefties.. bad habits
Warren.. Spend time solving MA issues. Your priorities are personal. MA will not support you next time.
Just gotta ask, doesn't Congress enact health care legislation, NOT POTUS? We aren't stupid, Senator W
that man is dirty using his office to advance his financial gains, to his own personal agenda. Not for the people, we the people!
We watched Warrens attacks, disrespect and lies. Grandkids shocked at her behavior
tough questioning?? More like accusing and baseless complaining. I wouldn't want to live in your household.
Senator Warren, yes or no, do you believe that elections have consequences? Yes or no, do you grandstand?
I can't wait to see the idiots without insurance.
u dont have 2 wait - there r plenty that don't have it right now - 2 expensive so they pay the tax
thank you for your tough questioning & hard work. The incompetence of these nominees is simply astounding. @HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
Tough questioning yes, and to where he couldn't respond at all? I wanted to hear his responses?
seriously, she wouldn't let him respond. She is grandstanding . She didn't care
Agreed. Rep or Dem no matter. I want to hear evaluate his legitimacy for the pos
awesome job questioning Price today. Thank you Senator
I believe that the truth about the success of ACA needs to be told. Lies told by GOP/Price/Ryan should be called out.
you are out of line accusing someone of high caliber of being a liar. You are unworthy of that position
I am now convinced- never vote #DNC again #SenateDems R Insincere rude unworthy of office #realdonaldtrump
thank you for never backing down during these #confirmationhearings
see angry warren make ass of self.
do you ever sleep? Thank you, Senator Warren 
I watched. You dems are in meltdown mode. I laugh at you. Fun, after last 8 yrs

I  can't believe how disrespectful u were during the hearing u ask a question but dont let price respond
Karma is a bitch. Isn't it?
thats something a kid would say she is the worst Sen ive seen throughout this process
And you have seen nothing yet. We're going to repay with the same 'kindness' that you did to Obama. Karma is a bitch
well u cant Because the gop holds both house and senate..so I guess u can continue to whine and cry
they don't have "supermajority"... Keep dreaming.....
thank you for trying to get straight answers from Price. You are correct he puts $ before healthcare
all horse and pony show for supporters already have enough votes.
lol they shut up your dirty mouth pocahontas! "Time's off!!!!" lol
THE AYATOLLAH SUPPORTS YOUR ANTI TRUMP AGENDA, YOU SHOULD BE PROUD!
This guy has a credibility issue and should come clean on his financial holdings and conflicts of interest.
YOU WERE SNARKEY AND DISINGENUOUS.

pls fight 4 self-employed, whose premiums will skyrocket after #ACARepeal. GOP is resetting us to Dark Ages
thx for pressing for specifics. It was clear for all to see that Price was unwilling to commit to ANYTHING.
You were horrible. You have no shame. Your OK friend said you are a nice lady. You're not.
Good job at exposing that crook! Us native Americans are proud to stand by you
thanks for all your help in leading a conservative takeover, couldn't have done it without your stupidity
You just proved (again) on live tv, you are a lunatic.
have you looked in the mirror lately?
Every day. I am one of the many whose premiums went up to $750. Now I have no insurance.
It is hard to watch with Liawatha being such a hack and intentionally making false allegations!
everything to the uninformed is false. What a troll!
I agree Liawatha is really uninformed as is most demoncrats!
we Democrats keep this country going.  Keep watching fox and stay uninformed. Fools!
no you don't! and that is why you demoncrats lost the election!
Watch a playback of ur questioning in hearings.   Negativity reaps nothing but more negativity.
you and your Democratic comrades are making a mockery of the confirmation hearing of Price! You in particular are the worst
Thank you!!!
Sen Warren if U are so concerned about Obama Care that's about to Blow Up why have you done Nothing to FIX it
Pocahontas
Keep pushing back at these nominees. Price, Pruitt and DeVos are crooked, inadequate & too often ignorant.
thank you Senator Warren for standing up for the American People whose lives depend on the ACA, Medicare & Medicaid #myhero
please make sure ALL licensed professionals are covered like #AltMed as in #ObamaCare #ACA
Hearings are rushed. Insulting to people who struggle to give feedback to state representatives. Vote against Price. #SaveACA
Quit accusing and start fixing the corruptness in your own party
Thank you Senator Warren
Great job with Price!
did he even actually answer any questions?? Nope. Wish you had more time with him
well Pocahontas's u showed ur stupidly today as usual! Still mad about election
sorry, I cannot stand your questioning or pontificating. Awful. Bring back Scott Brown
hahaha!
Senator Warren, you have never made me prouder than today about living my entire 60 yrs in Boston.
Lol, judging..really?
you no nothing about health care the same as you were trying to discredit Edu nom for lack of experience
that is a 1000% price difference.that is regulation at it's finest.that is unacceptable mismanagement
Why no questions on women's health!!!!!!
Thank you for highlighting the TRUTHS about Dr. Price! Wolf in sheeps clothing!
Thank you for standing up and asking the tough questions that we need answers to. @HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
I can't believe the level of stupidity from the uninformed right wingers.
#Pocahontas
Try not being so disagreeable & over aggressive. It's not getting things done today.
you are the most inappropriate..rudest...woman iv SEEN in a long time...bitter to the core...u will not be POTUS...
You really don't need to prove your idiocy anymore.
This is what your extra two minutes actually were.
Thank you Sen for standing for America #PriceHearing @HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
in California my insurance did not cover a $40 prescription instead it forced me into alternative at $400 #HealthcareProblems
I think you are such an awesome representative FOR THE PEOPLE! Thank you Senator Warren for being a voice for our concerns!
Sen, wouldn't Rep Price then have a discretionary account with his broker? Where is that disclosure form?
Your conduct is reprehensible and exemplifies why your party will continue to be a minority party.
You persecuted Tom w/accusations questions w/o him able to respond. I wanted to hear his reactions.Nothing?
What a joke you are. Killary lost!
thanks for your passion in questioning Tom Price... we need you to continuously support us, with your directness and vigor
thanks so much for your efforts @SenWarren.  Keep fighting for us.
she's such an idiot not knowing that brokerage customers don't know what stock purchases are made
make sure he gets asked about insider trading.
Get off the war path, Pocahontas; let Dr. Price answer your asinine assertions before you interrupt and talk over him. #GrowUp
Senator, youbwere out classed by Tom Price!
@SenAlexander #WeAreWatchingYou! SHAME ON YOU!You are UNFAIRLY running committee! @alfranken @timkaine MAD
tell them what u did hypocrit
Your grand standing is unimpressive & monotonous/ but on DNC game plan to Lie & Obstruct
you're a rock star! I didn't breathe during testimony! Price is more slippery than an eel.  Keep fighting!
I can not think of a Better Example than you that proves we need TERM LIMITS
politicians like you are the reason trump won
 #draintheswamp
that was fantastic!!!
WOW!! I live in TX and would want you to represent me ANYDAY! Great job and great +2 minutes!
What a stupid moment you had there.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE continue on!!!!    THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU!!!!
.@SenWarren excellent questioning Senator, thank you. @HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
YOU wonder why you every one of you is dishonest,nasty and disrespectful. ONe OBEJECTIVE: Destroy Repubs

Wow! I'm thoroughly impressed! Thank you!! 
Thank you for your amazing participation in the confirmation hearings on behalf of the American people.
why don't you tell the public about your stocks when housing market fell. Hypocrites
Thank you!
Thk u for grilling Price at hearing/ he's clearly a crook, anyone can see that
Thank you Senator Warren!!! Keep their feet to the fire!!!
You are a pretty rude person
Just because you lie, deceived to get on a job at Harvard claiming to be Cherokee. #Liawatha 
@HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
YOUR A COMMUNIST
She wears that like a badge!
what a freaking witch
The best part about watching this is the countdown clock. Thank goodness it's almost over.
you're a bully. Disgusting
thank you for crushing these Rethuglicans on their hearings. No mercy.
disgusting how rude you were to price
Elizabeth Warren you are a disgrace!!!
Thank you, Senator Warren. Isn't Price guilty of insider trading?
tuned in and shocked at you. Ignorant of you to question as you do. All political. Shameful
why are u trying 2 compare apples and oranges. Great how reasoning of expenditures you didn't want to hear about. Ignorance flows
@realDonaldTrump The new admin is a farce and a slap across the face is of those who are true Americans!
#WeAreWatching! THANK YOU @SenWarren & Democrats for fighting for us! NO COMFIRM for Tom Price! Save ACA & fix!
HAHA I WANT A PONY!!! AND HE GOT MORE TIME THAN ME WAAAAAAH
Your time is up!
You lost it only takes 51.
Stop the dog and poney show.
go get him Elizabeth!!!
@SenatorBaldwin Senator Warren - I am loving her!!!
. Thank you for your line of questioning and requiring his accountability!
thank u Senator for you questions of these cabinet pics we people need u more than ever now don't back down
I am ashamed of your rude ass being a Senator! You love hearing yourself well not us!
@realDonaldTrump so it was admitted that they are cutting Medicaid Medicare by $1 trillion!!TRUMP IS A LIAR
"I am not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid" is a clear commitment.  Price could not affirm commitment.
This Democrat DISAGREES with you. Better services provided for less money is the goal, NOT JUST SPENDING!
@HELPCmteDems @HHSGov
Thank you!!
so price shouldnt eliminate waste? just really profound disconnect to reality...
Your questioning was arrogant and cocky. You surely lack leadership and communication skills. Don't complain about Trump!
@SenFranken @HHSGov @RepTomPrice @YouTube why are GOO repealing ACA before you have a signed into law?
Classless. This is why nobody in America wants you in politics.
Trump's news media meeting coincided with Tillerson's senate confirmation hearing, is that  the most imp one for him? #confirmhearing
Please ask more intelligent questions.
way to be a ass and not shake hands. Get over it you people lost!
Ask him how a $300 non-issue compares to your cultural misappropriation and HRC's malfeasance.
Pocahontas, you are truly a hot pile of alt-Left garbage. Enoy the next 2 years! 
You're awful and your party is now actually a sect. You're creating the climate of the civil war. Horrible!
I'm terrified about what he is saying about preexisting condidtions.
YOU TUNE OUT AND MOVE TO PARIS WITH THE WOLVES, _ DON'T WORRY LIZZY THEY WON'T EAT YOU _ BAD BAD TASTE 
Time for another tired, whiny episode of the Stuart Smalley & Pocahontas Show, eh?
Thank you for working to protect the American people.
Warren is a joke! It's obvious she is over her head. Warren and @SenFranken are embarrassments!
private insurance only goal is profit, profit only comes from denial of access.
. Price articulate (and quick) in answering the questions...almost as though he had advance knowledge of them.
Very disappointed that Price does not have his replacement plan. NO PLAN=NO CONFIRMATION
Why was the sound cut as soon as @SenSanders started speaking?
a gift from God or devine intervention, I would say!
i want to see Washington work for people not themselves, special interests, lobbyists, $$$$ for you
Thank you for helping Trump get re-elected in 2020.
Price cannot keep his religion out of his politics
Oh Warren, you're a treasure. Please consider 2020. So many of us are behind you. Thank you.
I have been watching Tom Price is a disgrace
Sen Hatch is giving Price glowing accolades. I am astounded
im there. This guy's key word is "the patient " beware!
#feeding Price with answers
he's doing great.. going to be awesome. Glad your on board!
I really don't know how you can stand listening to all their BS and they're so arrogant that makes me sick
Thanks for grilling Betsy, she has no clue.
Thank you Senator Warren for not backing down on what is right!!!
These Republican Senator apparently does not have family that rely on ACA.  My family is fine with ACA!
Who's paying for it?
Guess you'll refuse his handshake as well?  Tacky. But what else would I expect from you?
watching!
I'm so glad that will never be socialist. Make happy Pocahontas; move to Cuba; that pinnacle of freedom
appreciate all your tough question you have had since none of the nominees are qualified for the positions
Thank you @SenWarren

https://thinkprogress.org/one-of-donald-trumps-sexual-assault-accusers-just-sued-him-for-defamation-31dbf752e232#.za9815nh4 …
We're counting on you Sen. Warren. Hold his feet to the fire..Please! He cannot be confirmed.
I assume you will be voting against confirmation. Perhaps arrest on corruption charges also warranted?
