The bombshell is THERE IS NO BOMBSHELL! @POTUS has been truthful ALL along.
Don't see how you can make that assertion and expect to be considered a reliable critical thinker.
There is nothing in the prepared testimony that we didn't already know.
I disagree that there's nothing new here, but I was actually referring to your assertion that Trump is truthful.
He is and I stand by that statement.
And so do I, along with ALL of his supporters.
No surprise. We all try to bend reality to fit the frame we'd like it to fit. But "Trump is truthful" is a miscarriage of critical thinking.
The fact that you're a liberal and want to discuss what's truthful and what isn't is ironic.
Trump operating like a mobster oblivious or uncaring about roles and protocol.
Ahhhh you mean Clinton and Lynch on the tarmac!
What? Oh, I see.. if you can suggest Clinton is a thug you think that would justify Trump's criminal behavior. Yeah. Makes sense. NOT. #FAIL
What criminal behavior? How about Comey is either perjuring himself now or in May. Door number one or door number 2
Please. Trump took an oath of office. Almost every tweet and action he does is technically perjury. Go back to your HRC emails/pizzagate
Did the same recording when I worked for a questionable org president as CFO. The fact that Comey kept contemp records speaks volumes.
But that higher ups and Comey agreed not to share with other FBI yet it leaked to MSM. Had to be Comey was leaker
Huh? He put it in a memo.
Do you not find it interesting how few knew but MSM was given the info?
These days, not really. Even POTUS routinely leaks info via his Twitter machine & in meetings w/foreign leaders. Nothing is private anymore

Tomorrow, tens of millions of Americans will hear James Comey talk about how Donald Trump claimed to have nothing to do with Russian hookers 
I know I start almost every phone conversation I have with law enforcement with a list of stuff I haven't done.
No! I didn't kill any hookers and hide the bodies in the woods.
If anyone would know crazy it is @SenWarren
I would rather have a politician with integrity than one who claims to share my views. We need to unite against corruption.
YES, his corruption along with Lynch, clinton is NO longer allowed stand up for honesty NOT your party
What's crazy is the circus that you all have made out of this the money you wasted time spent for your smoking mirrors show
So when does IMPEACHMENT BEGINS.The USA needs to be saved from this madman.
There will not be one.
The obstruction of justice seems to me is much more evident than even in the Watergate case. There better be one
How? Getting rid of comey didn't stop any ongoing investigations. And he wasn't under investigation. Comey should be brought up on leak
No..... #LookInAMirror
Not as crazy as you #Fauxchohantas!
Now issue a correction. Numerous times you bellowed POTUS was under FBI investigation. He's not
Trump vindicated, no evidence of obstruction, move on now
I want to know what cloud was in his way. A server somewhere with juicy bits on it? 
Cloud being all Russia stuff. Can't get anything done. Wanted Comey to announce Trump wasn't being investigated like Comey told him.
Just like you huh, dizzy lizzy?
Fascinating.
you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.
Yes its crazy! But the GOP will let him get away with it. Sad!
And just like you Warren!! Straight crazy!
No, this is a joke. Crazy? Umm.... well.
He's a bully to anyone and everyone he crosses. He makes grown men, women and children feel uncomfortable. The world feels a cloud bc of him
Uhm...wrong, he won, he's OUR President, and there are a LOT of people that support him 100%, including me 
Lots of idiots out there. Wake up.
What we want to hear is who paid for the fake dossier to frame Trump! Comey should know that! Of course he won't! Why he was fired!
We already know who paid for that.  John McCain and other R's hired a trusted FBI source, Former MI6 Steele. Much has been verified true.
No Fusion GPS paid for it, definitely affiliated with Hillary!
His testimony will be one big Nothing Burger.. #witchhunt

President Orange Crazy-Pants&his Confederacy of Dunces will be indicted, arrested&convicted!The 2016 MUST be voided otherwise wins!
If evidence of  cyber-WAR had any effect on the the election, there legal justification and lower court precedent for voiding the result.
Not surprising because this whole admin from beginning (to hopefully end sometime soon) has been cray cray!!!
So sad for you, you lost, you can't get over it, sniffling like a 2 year old.
NOT & get a life... Not sniffling but rather moving on in #TheResistance Wake up!!!
I love my president? Fear monger Warren who lies and lies and lies
Russian Republicans running Gov. w/their mob puppet Thus far they don't care what trumps/Kusjners do. Enriching & being traitors pays well $
Did you read it? Trump was not under investigation. Sorry to ruin the Russia narrative for you
He told him 3 different times. Are you sure you can read?
No, your crazy
Comey has lapses in judgement, ALWAYS acts honestly, loyally to USA. POTUS is serial liar. Republicans showed loyalty to party over country.
Sen Warren the reference to crazy alludes to the facts which are clear the only politician with ties to russian prior to election was HRC
You are delusional.  Face facts.  Flynn.  manafort, Page, Kislyak, Prince, Cohen.  No excuses for any of them.  Trump's guilty act confirms.
Or assassinate Comey? After all Trump has Putin whispering in his ear 
Crazy! But does it prove obstruction of justice? And if so, what will be done?
it does not even suggest let alone prove obstruction. Time to move on and fight a legislative agenda with a legislative agenda-
One question: What/Who is "the cloud"?
Impeachment Now @amjoyshow @womensmarch @DavidCornDC @SenSchumer
Go back to school. Really nothing impeachable here
I really don't get the point of this stuff coming out early...But ok.
I believe it is the starting point, so they committee can digest and prep their questions.
I don't need an explanation of what the testimony is. I said I don't see the point of a spoiler alert. Just show up and testify.
So, it's not that you don't see it. More that you do that value it. Duly noted.
Correct. I don't see the value in a prepared release. Given the amount of discussion on this topic for weeks, most of the prep has been done
That didn't turn out so well for you, did it fauxcahontis?
Leveraging loyalty is what tyrants and autocrats do. It's also EXACTLY what Trump is doing, and has been doing all along.
You sure know crazy, I'll give you that.
No! You are!
Yes this is crazy, there is so much work that needs done for the people and Washington is wasting it's time on this. Completely crazy
His life is on the line. He knows what could happen to him and his family.
Don't you want to know the truth?
Crazy that you and your party are still investigating @POTUS
That's what you say now that you know he will not testify as you had hoped. #pathetic
Russia is a foriegn enemy who hacked our election. If there is obstruction or a back-channel with Russian government entities, #ImpeachTrump
Today Comey's testimony will prove that even 'crack whores' (no pun intended Pocahontas) have more integrity and honesty then Dems do!!
Not as crazy as you.
Crazy?Then you'll be right at home.
It's more intriguing for what he didn't come out and say yet. Factual writing tracing the edges of more to the story.
Donald Trumps Presidency, inner circle, bears a striking resemblance to that of John Gotti the Italian mafia family. Only, Trump isn't smart
speaking of crazy.... Pocahontas
Date night w/my husband-going to make some popcorn & watch the circus after work tonight. Can't wait!
Stop with your witch hunt .Leave Our President alone . Get off your Lazy butt and do some work.And stop spent our tax money on,witch hunt
This is nothing more than a character assassination.  There is no obstruction. No collusion.  Just more delusion by the Left!!!!
@JamesComeyFBI I knew it! We're only getting the diluted story. He says 3 mtgs & 6 ph calls w DT, yet only has notes for 3 mtgs & 2 calls.
Mentioned "salacious" material he kept secret. Hey, here's the time to tell! We probably already know much of it already anyway. Hypocrite!
Remember how DT went off about Bill Clinton's indiscretions. What about DT & prostitutes? Russians have the tapes, hence their hold on him.
Crazy. Just nuts. Absurd.
When are members of congress going to start saying what is evident to the rest of us . . . Donald Trump's campaign colluded with Russia.
Senator Kamala Harris for President! Elect women! Tammy Duckworth for V.P
Ever thought to think that Comey was bought during Hillary's investigation and is no longer trustworthy?
Par for the course for POTUS. Very disturbing statement. Reeks of obstr. of justice. If tapes exist, Trump is done.
WASTE OF TIME!   More important things to be paying attention to.  #Terrorism #Lyme #humantrafficking #cancer #homelessness #politicaldivide
That "cloud" is called karma @realDonaldTrump
Further proof he's a rambling demented liar who has no idea how government works.
Very crazy.
You're crazy! Go away!

How many retweets can I get on this #kathygriffin #cryinglikeabitch bead beanie I designed #MAGA #Trump #democrat #republican #usa #joke  
You approved sanctions on Iran after they were attacked by ISIS, following Trump's 110 bn $ Saudi weapons deal = crazy. #NeverWarren
You wanted the truth and now you have it...can you handle it Lizzy?
And your response to Comey confirming Trump's assertions that Comey told him 3 times,Trump WAS/IS NOT UNDER INVESTIGATION. is......?
These people are fuzzing morons. Scroll down and glance at these mindless drones' replies 
You're crazy you should be recalled
What is it going to take to get him impeached?
Good question.
It says Trump is innocent. Again.
It's been crazy since election day!
Comey is a ZERO and no one believes anything he says! Not credible what so ever! Loser! Wishy washy nut job!
A www what's a matter Liz,? Dam now you all have to think up a new narrative.
#fauxcahantis 
#termlimits
Your whole thing is crazy!! Not a lick of sense comes out of you, old girl. The God awful thing is.. you're spreading your illness. #Resign
Not as crazy as you Pocahontas.
You r correct, it completely vindicates our President. So now can u just get on with governing instead of these asinine conspiracy theories?
How can Trumps supporters believe in him. Trump is a disgrace. His new FBI director has RUSSIAN TIES. Supporters are dumb. dictatorship here
Come to @UnionPub and drink with us! #dclocals #shots
How many times has Trump been "The Cloud" on someone else's life without one bit of remorse? He IS the cloud.
U are the one crazy elizabeth. When is ur term up?????
What U shud b saying is read comes testimony,  looks like we're wrong,  sorry but if I want to be taken seriously I gotta get on da T train
Saw the four stooges today.  What kind of public servant refuses to answer Congress because they just don't feel like it? Outrageous!
FACTS - Trump "never under investigation". "No evidence". Intel Chiefs "never pressured". Crazy is the propoganda pushed by Dems & media.
Waste of time, everything was said today. Case closed.
Not if you understand how NY politics works.
Fascinating
Just crazy.   While reading it I felt the pressure Comey must have felt having to interact with Rump. A sad state for our country.
You're crazy.
Is "contempt of congress" a thing?
lol snowflakes still in denial!! You lost get a new message and a real candidate next time!
Of course it's crazy because they are not gonna find a thing wrong
seems like dems over played the BS my Indian friend
Thank you for the read ### and gov
Crazier than you?
You're crazy ! And that I obummer who appointed him!
Nota nuts as you are
The only thing that's crazy is how you liberal Democrats are in total MELTDOWN!!
Wow! That's all I can say after reading that! What is happening to this country?
Go away grandma!
The way he will twist stuff is typical. If POTUS said good morning it would have been "suspicious."Trump fired him for gosh sakes
Oh this Comey testimony is going to be good. Like NBC's Must See TV
Yes your lie is over now whats the next theory
Crazy is Dimms the last 1/2 year
Takes one to know one Liz
For once you made sense,why would russia want a president trump when they owned hillary. Payback for the uranium payoff
Trump having dinner w Rubio n Cotton @WH tonight before they question Comey tomorrow. #TheFixIsIn
What a manipulator!
CRAZY AS TRUMP WINNING THE ELECTION!
Crazy because your entire narrative is blowing up in your face! It's amazing! Dems: Comey felt pressured. Comey: no?
You're crazy
This is terrifying
Abuse of power, if not outright obstruction
Yes it is crazy. And so are you Lizzie
Crazy because it does not fit your narrative!!!
You know what's crazy? Lying about ethnicity to a potential employer...sound familiar?
It is not crazy at all. His submitted notes seem just that.

 @POTUS wanted "the cloud" of innuendo conspiracy cleared up to stop.   #MAGA
Wasting tax payers money
You are right, it's crazy.  it might be useful if you worked on solving the opioids crisis..a real, documented problem requiring help.
what going to be funny is they will clear trump and liberals heads are going to explode
U all r CRAZY
You would know crazy
We know its crazy. So please tell us exactly WHAT the senate and congress is going to do about it?
I knew you guys were ahead of California by a couple of hours, but this is incredible!  I like putting things in writing and this is why. TY
#ObstructionOfJustice
I know girl, cray cray!
Nothing double burger with fries and a shake yummy
Wow!
You getting nervous that he will say something about the dem o rats
You finally realized that you're all wasting money on nothing?  Now, if you elected official could actually work, I'd be impressed.
One word for you "gullible" 
Insane!!!!!!
Wow! The American ppl should read this. This President is like The Godfather. Like scenes out of The Godfather I
How is this not obstruction? Reps call HRC a traitor for having a private server. Dems need to grow a backbone. #ImpeachTrump
Comey's notes are nothing but an outline for his future fiction book written with the help of "friends".
Read FBI Director Comey's testimony for tomorrow's hearing. This whole thing is crazy. https://www.intelligence.senate.gov/sites/default/files/documents/os-jcomey-060817.pdf …
It seems likely tomorrow's Comey-Trump hearing will be the most disappointing event since Clarence Thomas, at least for people who love USA
WE AGREE! It's insane! So those in high places need to end this admin. Now!  #NewElection #impeachTrumpnow #25thAmendment #NewElection
Senate intelligence is an oxymoron.
I don't like trump but is trying to gain influence over someone wrong? What did the FBI dig up on his campaign and ties to Russia?
Read it. So sick and tired of congress drawing a check from working taxpayers who have to listen to fake news report about congressional bs.
So other than him trying to influence the FBI, which he didn't do cause comey remained/appeared independent, what did he do wrong?
Crazy is lying about your ethnicity.
Elizabeth Warren - We now know who the leaker in the WH was!
Please Senator Warren, don't leave us alone. Impeach him
Nope Fauxcahontas- ur CRAZY  
Now, pack for prison b/c we're about to open an investigation of slander, obstruction, lies on you
Guilty until proven innocent.  Right?
@realDonaldTrump. US can't let this or any other truth regarding treason go. Kushner's next in a long line.
Your right it is crazy @SenWarren even when there is absolutely no EVIDENCE...but continue to waste tax payers cash
No kidding!
The Russians didn't influence my vote. The DNC did by rigging the election against sen. Sanders.
No collusion. Now can everyone work on health care and taxes?
No you're actually the crazy one. Can't stand to listen to all of u on a daily basis.  U just feed the beast.
Simple question Senator Warren. Is there enough there to impeach? Yes or no?
Its crazy because what trump has been saying is true. Comet told him three times he not under investigation
And he didn't fell treated by him asking about Flynn
He's awfully defensive about those Russian hookers.
It's not crazy, it is OBSTRUCTION
Ms. Warren thinks its crazy cause it does not support her narrative.
He is saying there is nothing there.  If this shown to be true, will you back off and get back to work and try to unify the USA?
I don't see what's crazy @SenWarren. Maybe what's crazy is that you can't find what you hoped for. Move on and stop crying you lost
Wow.
