On #OneBostonDay, Boston asks everyone to participate in acts of kindness & service. Join us & learn more at http://onebostonday.org .
What your ignoring is what Real Americans want and it's not what  your pushing! 2018  Is fast approaching!
Don't speak for all Americans thank you.
When I speak I speak for myself at least I'm saying something! What do you do bend over?
You said real Americans did you not?
Yes I say Real Americans! And that doesn't include you and others like you who seem to have trouble taking off their Clinton Clown suits!
I like the assumption that I'm a Clinton supporter. Don't worry about what I'm doing, all I'm saying is don't talk about "real" Americans.
NOW TRY TO STOP ME AGAIN YOU CLINTON CLOWN!
Lest u not 4get the bombing was caused by those u champion 4. Radical Islamic Terrorists ..or do u recall that ole 2 tongues.
She is nuts like so many of the Dems (not all) .
I'm sure Trump will be very contrite.  Good thing we have people such as Sen. Warren to remind us of what's important.
that is a sarcastic remark, right? 
The first part was.
Yes we need somebody bat shit crazy to tell us what is important!
And that she is!!! 
I think he was talking about Trump.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LET IN MUSLIM TERRORISTS-RUSSIA EVEN WARNED OBOZO ABOUT THEM BUT HE DID NOTHING-YEAH & U WANT TO BRING IN MORE?
And you support no vetting of refugees and protect illegals over citizens. #hyprocrite
Do you remember that your Party's policy of open borders helps cause these acts of terror?
Save your words you want more in this country just like them for votes
Just look at Paris. Warren wants open borders.
Platitudes. If you really wanted to honor the victims you'd #securetheborder & stop your nonsense with #sanctuarycities #NastyWoman
Murder committed by Muslim immigration. Let's bring more
Sure because all the murders in the US are by immigrant Muslims.  Let's display more ignorance by right wing Trump cult members.
Do Senator Warren's acts of kindness include the incredibly lavish welfare benefits the Tsarnaevs were receiving while they made bombs? 
Your response is non sequitur.   Typical.
The Boston Marathon bombing brothers were also Refugees, were they not? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #BuildTheWall.
We remember and you still love to let the #savages in the USA. Pathetic. You are the worst and whitest Indian I have ever seen.
You dont give a damn about the victims. Your protests and sanctuary cities will let it happen again
surprised you care.
Terror attack from illegal immigrants
Remember the victims, but also remember the weak Immigration policies that allowed these animals into our country.
And you haven't done jack to prevent a repeat.
You share responsibility for this act
Dems r not gonna win anything running around calling everyone names. U sound like a 5 yr old.  We alk know u hate Trump  Try 2 b an adult.
U r a fake, return all money people donated4your discredit cruzade. I'm Mexican against illegal  immigration into any Country, there r Laws!
Do u remember they were radicalized Muslim  sins of refugees?! That's  what happens when cultural&fanaticalReligion crashe into westernCntrs
Like you actually care
But you also support & protect the Radical Islamist  Terrorist that committed this and many other horrific acts! Tell the TRUTH!
I can not wait until you beat the sh!t out of Trump in 2020. The people with low IQs espousing their conspiracy theory news. YOU GOT THIS!
You will be gone Lizzy as soon as possible. Our PRESIDENT is draining the swamp and you are going to join the rest of the allegators.
People voted for Trump because he listened to what we said. Hillary was busy causing riots and trouble because she thought she would win.
You talk big because you're on TV.  You're just another big mouth. You're partial already. Having girls dinners. Watch what you say!
Thank God the Democrats are out. We'd really be in trouble. Can't wait till your gone. You need to jump in the Swamp.
We are supporting him because you are a liar. Get your facts straight. Hillary is a crook and killer or she'd be president
It wasn't a tragedy, it was a savage attack by stone age animals.
Run for President,  that should be fun to watch  oops
Let some more Muslims in the country,  that'll make the country safer  oops
to t11 cc d'effigy Rte h44r r5
Also rememner that liberal weakness against terrorism allowed for the brothers to slip through the cracks and commit these horrid crimes.
Speak out against the horrible practice of genital mutilation. Fight to end this terrible crime. #EndGenitalMutilation
RIP to all who lost their precious lives to a barbaric act of hate. May the risen Christ of Easter comfort & strengthen the loved ones!
I'm from E. Providence,  and I'm getting real nervous about you and your position.
Terrible you celebrate these false flag operations if murder .
islam
We also remember the perps.  Islamic terrorists.
I nominate Sen Warren as the Senator of muslim refugees,& her state willingly will take every single refugee in her state & city. #NoLIMITS
We also remember that diversity is our strength, Islam is a religion of peace, and if you don't let terrorists into your country, they win.
So will someone explain to this Congressperson why we need to drop bombs on terrorist? Please? Somebody? Shes actually getting paid...
Perhaps we should also remember the religious ideology of those who perpetrated the terrorist attack, in order to stop future ones
You Must not of seen @theintercept article about FBI having contact with the bombers prior to incident
Say it with me Elizabeth- RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR
We should also remember that the bombing was perpetrated by Muslim refugees that we generously admitted to our country.
There is enough on our plate--forget that day another one coming up...
Senator, miss hearing from u.
Weird to call this terrorist act "The 4 year anniversary of... it's off as is the author!
please put some makeup on Warren
Also remember that islamic terrorists will strike anywhere and have no regard for life. Also remember it's people like you that support them
What's up lemon face?
Do you remember that the TSARNAEV family were un-vetted 'refugees'? That students helping Tsarnaev hide evidence were visa overstays?
We are running out of time for people to realize we are at war with Radical Islam. They admit it. Why can't we? Heads firmly in the sand.
Yes and do you remember the two guys who did it???? We are just trying to prevent that happening  again but it keeps happening!
Please stop acting like you care about murder victims. If you can't realize you answered your own question about strategy, then don't bother
...but u still won't say the word Islamic Terriorist...#ignorance
#trumpbot
Don't forget your stance on the border wall. Remind people how you want to leave our borders unsecured and could care less about our safety.
Boston Strong!!!
You have lost your fucking mind sir
Only thing that I've agreed with you on in the last 2 yrs. God bless all. Thoughts and prayers.
Hopefully Islamic terrorists jihadists can be removed from this country so little boys can watch a parade again.
Pocahontas It's such a shame u werent there on that day.... in the middle of the blast.
Electing POTUS the most powerful country on earth should seriously be vetted. We are witnessing a preemptive irrational rush to war.
Funny how the Chechens that did the bombing were always supported, encouraged to do the same in Russia, but in the US it's a no-no.....
Help fight Terrorism please!!! Liz you are weak. Boston strong!
Maybe we should also remember that the victims were killed by muslim refugees from Kyrgyzstan.
617 !
See the dump Dem left? N. Korea, Russia, Mid East, ISIS, Nat Debt......
And they want more years? To finish US off?
Finally ! I found something you said that I agree with. I pray for the victims and their families
That's why we need to Vet people.  Thank about it!!
Why don't we focus on who/why committed the crime. Radical Muslims. Let's focus on their definition of infidel and what sharia law means
That's what your after victims put away your victim flag
It's good to see you thoughtful once in while.
But you are against President's travel ban, maybe if some of them find you or some of your family members you might wake up.
Ya and you might want to remember the scum that took there lives you want to allow into are country! Short memory u have...sigh!
Thank you for the reminder and continue to keep the families n our hearts.
We should also remember it was RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS who committed MURDER on American soil #BombTheShitOutOfISIS
You should remember the white American born males who have killed more Americans on American soil than anyone.
Racist much?
And remember 911 Liz. Being a Muslim sympathizer is just a special kind of stupid.
If y'all don't impeach this man he is going to get us all killed.
HOW CAN YOU EVEN SAY REMEMBER THE VICTIMS WHEN U ARE FOR  ILLEGAL VIOLENT IMMIGRANTS IN OUR COUNTRY. YOU ARE A FRUIT CAKE & NEED 2 BE FIRED!
And this comming from a terrorist sympathizer
You should be asking why Millions of Muslims have not been integrated into Europe after two generations!!! Show some leadership Senator?
Maybe the presumptive president can take time from his golf game and mark the occasion, or would that be too much like work for him .BosStrg
Except u mad about trump bombing ISIS? ISIS everywhere so strategy is go everywhere and KILL THEM, obama let them form, trump dealing withit
Trump is starting to do and say things that are going to do irreversible damage! He is a master of diversions.he must be stopped
You want to stop him from saving civilization
How about remembering the perpetrators. Say it with me Tin Lizzie: RADICAL ISLAM. Until you acknowledge that, your words are substanceless.
u and nancy got off the same boat
When is the anniversary of you pretending to be Native American and denying someone else who really was?
#BostonStrong
YOUNG children crying parents been deported won't see them again. STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS, ICE EVEN in Prison, punishment enough.
I know bombs suck, right? Speaking of that, do something about our governments continued bombing of goat hearders and the like. #gettowork
Are you having a memorial for the thousands of unborned whose deaths you have and continue to sanction?
Now you show some ma effort.. do the guys in ma able to pissed in the girls room yet. Stop this indian, or you'll be sorry.
You finally said something I can agree with
Remember lizzy, you helped obama invade the United States with the very people that perpetrated the bombing. #IslamIsTheProblem #democrats2
@senWarren exactly. You're liberal no enforcement of immigration laws is why this crap is happening all over our country. We won't forget!
Your party's policies on refugees and Obama's feckless foreign policy are directly responsible for this tragedy. Time to retire pocahotmess
Like the democrats making it easier for more radical Islamic terrorist to kill more innocent people, that generosity?!
Let's focus attention on victims. We didn't give for recognition.
What is your plan for this weekend? Are you going to help organize a rally or remembrance march? Something other words would be nice...
I will not be giving any money to Dems until people like you start helping in these Special elections! Pathetic!
who says we're not helping.
I have seen no evidence of Obama Clinton Kaine Sanders Warren Perez helping in any of these Special elections. Please show me some evidence.
can anyone explain the liberal mind. Tearing down USA. What are they thinking? Shameful
Can someone tell me why Republican's call themselves conservatives.  The only money they conserve is for themselves aka the 1&2 %.
the money they make is from businesses that employ 100,000s of Americans They EARNED it have a right to it.
libs need to come out of safe places open eyes and ears. No inclusion for non liberals Hypocrites
Ignorance is not cute.. Wake the fucc up.
TWITLER says to call them the Running Bombings....
He's currently involved in the Marathon Bombings...
greatly respect you Senator Warren...but tragedies are events that can't be helped..the Marathon bombings were mass murder
And today his the Day President Lincoln was Assasinated!  That's History Senator!
I'm pretty sure bombing ISIS is to defeat them, if you wonder why?
Remember they were RUSSIAN TERRORISTS
@SenWarren I feel stupid because I had to look this up to see which bombing you meant. Now I think it is very sad that this is in US. <3 You
Boston Strong!

& yet U & UR ILK still embrace Muslims who MURDER Americans U want 2bring SHARIA LAW 2 our NATION U don't care about We the People 
BOSTON STRONG!
Liz please let us know how you go so rich on govt dole?  Drain the swamp
you want to remember the Marathon Bombing but question the start of ISIS eradication?
What's wrong with that?
It's called hypocrisy. That's what's wrong with it.
HOW DO YOU SPELL CLUELESS? P O C A H O N T A S! #MAGA
THOSE WERE YOUR 'REFUGEES' #MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN #SUSANRICE #OBAMAGATE
no they weren't
The anniversary should serve as a reminder of what can happen.
Just remember to keep your focus on the poor AMERICAN citizen
I say let's remember them with another #MOAB. Hell yea.
: On your house.
And taking care Isis is a priority
You're talking about the Tsarnaev's right?
aka Terrorist Bombings
Well..I would expect that an easter retaliation from ISIL mite occur after the MOAB drop..USA  should be on alert..
#Saturday is the 4-yr anniv of the #Marathon bombings by #Obama's #terrorist #Muslim brothers. #MAGA #MuslimBan #IllegalsOut #TrumpTrain
Boston Strong
Yeah by fighting for wide open borders !!!!
Run along Dopey Donald bot.  Your time is over
#StopTerrorism by being human with muslims #Resist!
Islam is a cult.
A totalitarian cult.
This cult kills LGBTQ and non-cult members.
This cult condones rape of non-cult girls.
Will we remember the 200 innocent victims of the US Mosul Bombing on its 4th anniversary? #nomorewar #worldpeace
2/... care about LAW, you just want the photo op at LOGAN defending lawlessness. You & @marty_walsh care more about collecting $$$ than
3/...about serving constituents. You are a shrill harpy who has done ZIPPO for Massachusetts
