Extreme state AGs have threatened the Trump Admin to end #DACA. Students & young workers who call the US home could be deported. #defendDACA
Congress needs to step up & pass comprehensive immigration reform. Until then, we must #defendDACA & protect hard-working young immigrants.
Did you read your own post? He does not say that. He describes the drawbacks to opening the border to low-wage immigrants. Big difference.
Really, I respect anyone's opinion on Sanders, but for Christ's sakes, back it up! This is an opinion piece and a hatchet job.
No censord? Odd handle for someone to lecture on Jesus.
People are tired of paying for Illegals. Dems just see them as a vote
I want to know exactly how you are paying for Illegal immigrants, specifically on DACA when it costed me $5000 out of pocket cost...
But DACA represents are here legally so idk how they could be “illegal aliens” in the first place 
Send them ALL back. WE can afford them!
22k votes you wouldn't have had, otherwise.
Time to leave illegals...
What about make-believe Native Americans?  Will they be deported?
#AustraliaRoyalCommission
If they are here illegally, get them out!  We have laws and they must leave and apply legally
Really! We have laws the Trump himself is disregarding & his followers could care less. Hypocrisy!
Build that damn wall
DACA grants amnesty to criminals and needs to end or be restructured to end that travesty.  That doesn't protect our citizens.
We have criminals in the White House & I don't hear the uproar! Too much hypocrisy!
No.  Obama's gone now!  It's ok!
And trump is here, who is the biggest criminal president in America history
We avoided a criminal by not electing Hillary!
Do you live under a rock? Trump is a criminal
I live in the real world where you need to commit a crime, like Hillary has done many times, to be a criminal.  You?
You still mention Hillary? Is that your only defense?
Protected illegals is what you are really saying.
People who are going to college and have jobs and pay tax money contribute to the economy
So if someone is empoyeed and pays taxes, laws should not apply.  You really thought that through.
End DACA
Are these Native American,  like You?
Use "We Stand For". In all comms
Since 2002 you suck
Deferred Action Against Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Deferred Action. Deferred. Action. Action. Action. Action. Action. Action. Action. Action
You want, it pay for it yourself. I can't afford it
u should sit down and be quiet chief
800K more future votes, right? After all, that's how you progressives get elected.  Free stuff equals votes.
How are these senators not  prosecuted for sponsoring illegal acts and asking others to do the same. Grow some balls and arrest them
How many American taxpayer dollars went to supporting the illegal aliens (criminals) you are referring to instead of actual US Citizens.
Please help us with anchor babies from Russia
do you want your grandkids refused restroom for being white refused water refused jobs refused free tuition forced to pay thousands/quarter
go to any uc campus in ca state, there is a reason why 2 authors have written books on Unsafe campuses nationwide and rape up with drugs
it was a scam by Obama to bring them here most lied about there age since they no papers.The people who brought them made millions
Why should anyone work hard to protect criminals? Why do Americans not take precedence? We care more about illegals than citizens in the US.
Wow! Some folks are really hateful.  You would think that they were starving, had no clean water and no place to live.
Where were you with #medicareforall #sb562 here in California?  With @SenSanders ?  Both absent from here. U come out 4 it after its dead
MS13, ISIS members & Criminals were all able to walk into our country. Then you give them our tax money. What about American Kids & our Vets
Thanks for keeping us informed with the real news. Great job, I support you 100%
If those 22k voted Republican you'd have kicked them out a long time ago.
Oh and thats a good thing how?

Who cares about law anyways? Flood the streets with illegal everything.  Your love for illegal immigration is quite odd for a senator.
If you support breaking the law see you later senator.  Your opinion is not above the law of the land

She has gas and Obama likes it. Nothing to do with health care.  You libs can't get the news correct
I don't know about you Senator...but I dont consider men between the ages of 18-35 young people.....have rape numbers gone up in MA?
What part of illegal don't you understand? Illegal is not an entitlement!
Chop it up now
DACA kids are some of the best kids; they are our future leaders. We need to support them all thank you Elizabeth Warren u r a true patriot
Yah thank you obama more non americans to use american taxpayer social services
ILLEGAL young people. Why are you so interested in standing up for illegals before US citizens? Oh, that's right they vote for you.
So you are harboring 22K illegals in MA.....  go to know.
DACA ppl do not receive anything from the government. They pay to be considered for DACA and if accepted, get a license to legally work.
They pay their taxes just like us & are contributing members of society. Thank you Obama for a step in the right direction.
What about poor American kids in crappy liberal run inner cities
So it's helped 800K illegals break the law. Damn good reason to repeal this unconstitutional crap! #NoAmnesty
I support U & other #Democrats
How many are you taking in?
I wish you cared about actual citizens, as much as you seem to care about illegals.
Bye bye!
DACA Parents should not B rewarded with citizenship. Nor grandparents, aunts,uncles,cousins. They need to apply like anyone else.
Let me guess, you want to use MY money to pay for them all? You are so generous with other's money. Pokemyhinus
Why?
Well America wants Americans took care of not illegals do you get that
As a beneficiary of DACA I'm now a hard working tax paying immigrant. Why anyone would try to stop that is beyond me.
The Farmers only care about getting paid. They don't have the help, & they r sending anything to the stores. Growing your own food is best
22K less on some sort of State or Federal assistance,less burden on the taxpayers who don't work part time and make $ 325K a year
LIAR LIAR  PANTS ON FIRE!! 
I agree.  If they are looking for a new life and do not cause trouble give them a chance
Some immigrants came here & worked on the farms & went back to Mexico. The & taste like . Farmers r sending food 2 the stores early
cut the program deport them we cant afford it tired of my tax dollars going for your bullshit liberal agenda
Amazes me how many of the democrats act like we are such a horrible people by not allowing illeagals yet go to Middle East try U R in jail
22kin Massachusetts why not 50 k 100k 500k any limits all a burden to poorer communities not Dover not Wellesley not Chatham etc
I guess when you dont have enough terrorists already you just have to import some. @realDonaldTrump
go GrL
That's because you need a whole new group of constituents to lie to and screw.
All on the dime of you and me.  Sitting squaw
These numbers show the failure of our immigration laws, and all politicians failure to fulfill their oaths of office, nothing else.
That's hilarious coming from someone who claims to have been an American Indian . Term limits for everyone.
and I bet these ppl are all getting free healthcare. Let #Obamacrap collp. #GOP DO YOUR JOB or get someone else that will.
Daca=Done!
Heyaheya 
Heyaheya 
(Classic Indian banter)
So you're saying the #DACA is anti-American.
You seem to forget that DACA is not a law its a policy enacted by Obama which is not a law explain to me why our fed laws are not followed
Warren is so fake. She let Bill & Hillary get away with supporting big banks & Wall Street. Her followers need to wake up & get a life.
Hmmmm, well those same bankers and wall street goons are part of your leader's administration. Facts not fake news
God richly bless u n ur entire family.Greatful
Sounds like Ma has problems, one being people like you, Fauxcahontas!
Can't wait for DACA not to pass the court test!
All now on welfare food stamps n Medicaid bama phone free internet all on working Americans! Just for Dem votes
Kate's Law.
You sure don't seem to care about Americans.
why weren't our immigration laws enforced?this makes no sense,did this all happen under Obama?don't we have borders to stop them?
Here let me correct that for you... since 2012, DACA has prevented deportation of 800k illegals that need to go home now.
This is not the same country it was in 1900. we don't need mass immigration to fill the factories or settle the west.
Aren't you the lawmakers? Shouldn't you advocate for following laws rather than advocating for law breakers?
DACA is the Democrats way to by votes, all at the expense of hardworking taxpaying U.S. citizens.  Lets follow the law, not executive order.
American young people first! #AmericaFirst
How is this putting them second?
If illegal send them home
800,000? And Massachusetts only got 22,000?  You're doing a hell of a job Senator. The question is, for who?
Yea well what about the 500K We starved to Death in IRAQ All children I guess thats OK to A Fake Phony Indian, Who stole someone else spot
You mean, since 2012, #DACA has protected 799k future Democratic voters brought to the US as kids from mass deportation. #DefendDACA? No.
Good for you !  And ... Do It Now ! Term limits for Congress & Senate... Like those for the President. Don't Wait... Do It Now !
If their here ILLEGALLY, then they need to go! We're a nation of LEGAL Immigration. In addition, we're a nation of LAWS!!
Oh well bye bye.
STOP LYING TO THE PEOPLE WARREN! Go in the woods with ur buddy Hillary and be GONE!
And hopefully POTUS will make the needed changes to it to protect Americans & cancel any future participants!
800,000 immigrants going to American universities for free that Americans can't afford to send their children to.

Just great Pocahontas!
Since 2012 MILLIONS of AMERICANS have suffered from starvation, no jobs, became dependent on others to survive, lost homes, left in poverty
What about the children from this country? Don't bother responding, I already know the answer
Wow that a lot of Dem voters
Percentage of people who had incomes below the poverty line ($24,250 for a family of four) in 2015. Massachusetts 13th 11.5%
Foolonthehill
Why haven't they started the legal immigration process? We had our process done in 4 years.
Deportation is a legal federal process. Why are you trying to stop the law from working?
It's a pity how @realDonaldTrump admin and Radical Republican AGs are treating these great young folks. Waste of our 'human capital' too!
How many filed for green cards to become legal?
Illegal
How come you care more about illegal immigrants than Americas Veterans?
Thanks for protecting our Rights and sharing valuable information
And what about your veterans
Hop on the bus..you can go home with them
So you're for breaking US laws?
Duh! The Trump & his swamp friends are criminals & where's the uproar.
gotta go

Wow! The Commonwealth could save 22k welfare checks a month?

You still backed @HillaryClinton and turned you back on the #workingclass.
and half of them are now ms18 because tou brought them in and let them fend for there selves when are you going to house any of them
800k young people whose parents entered our country illegally, if you didn't let illegal immigration get so out of hand we wouldnt have 800k
Thank you for destroying America.
Well we need to stop doing this ,,don't we. Tax payers money goes only so far.
Go ahead and pat yourself on the back Pocahontas!  I'm afraid I'll catch something
Now Dems want something from @POTUS @realDonaldTrump immigration reform not priority. Law enforcement is agenda his voters want Deportation
Then you need to spend your money to feed them and let them live in your house! I'm tired of my tax money going to fund stupid shit!
Tax $$$ taken away from AMERICAN YOUNG PEOPLE
Dems RESIST @POTUS his voters only want legal immigration. @POTUS works for voters & Republicans not 4 Dems that continue 2 Resist.
Then Liz, please house and feed them and pay for it. TY. #MAGA
We pay for ourselves with our tax money. thank you
Hell No, DACA NOT LAW. Legal Immigration Welcome. Illegals must follow law no exceptions. DACA has taken away grants, monies from citizens
Why are you saying this now
Ok then yep
Oh you're state is the one that's costing taxpayers more money.
But they're still "illegal"
Hell yea bring them all here. The American taxpayer will foot the bill. Focus on helping the American people. Thats what u get paid for!!!
......and this is why Democrats will LOSE! We are tired of this garbage! Their are American citizen dreamers!
DEPORT n use those FUNDS for our CITIZENS and our VETS! it's a travesty you fight for illegals while Vets are treated like crap!SHAME ON U!

But Senator, deporting people makes white people feel better about their own personal failures. Without it they'd have to better themselves.
Racists!!
#warren2020
Stop bring them in. You don't care about them . YOU only care about votes to keep your party in office doing nothing.  Time for you to go.
If illegals haven't applied for citizenship by now they should be deported. We are a nation based on laws not reelections sen warren.
Liberal attack? Call people names? Anyone can apply. No law against it. Illegals should not be here to begin with. Deport them all.
Somebody under DACA cannot apply for citizenship. You think it's that easy don't you? Knowledge yourself
Knowledge yourself?  just stop  your command of the English language alone should be a reason to have you deported.
Massachusetts can't pay their bills- not fiscally responsible! #DACA  End #DACA
Yeah you left out important information in your tweet.  Brought to the U.S. ILLEGALLY.  They're illegal aliens I don't care what DACA says.
America's ethnic identity must be preserved.
@SenWarren THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING #DACA ! You are amazing!
Do not exclude children brought by parents legally!That is the only reason I'm excluded from #DACA. Unlike dreamers I can't work #heretostay
You need a better lawyer. Doesn't matter how you came. You just need a clean record, finish highschool and 2yrs of post secondary education.
That's not true. Read the bill, it is intended for "those inadmissible or deportable"
Unfortunately I've been here legally, but I'm very far from getting a green card. So inadvertently I am being punished
So that means that thousands and thousands crossed the border ILLEGALLY
Defend Americans first.  Don't we have a homeless problem and many americans on food stamps?
It was illegal immigration Pocahontas, pay attention, you tweet more than #POTUSTrump #POTUSTrump #potus #MAGA
Thank you for all your hard work, and standing up for human rights.
Abolish DACA!!!
Why can't you just accept that people need to come in the country the legal way like they have for generations.
@armanwalker democratic accepted child abuse?
I bet they won't deport the ones serving in the military to protect America's freedom. 
1500 gang related DACA criminals have had their status revoked since 2012.
It's unconstitutional and I'm thrilled it's FINALLY coming to an end. About time!
Can you tell us home much these 800k young people cost Taxpayers?  Medicaid and pressure on public school budgets must be enormous. No more!
Will you defend DACA?
It would be easier to deport the Tump admin., family and him...
Bad attitude will get you nowhere.
If they came here with their parents then they can go back with their parents.
Who benefits from Obamacare Americans with $8,000 deductibles or Illegals/Refugees w/Free HealthCare? Not Americans for sure the big lie
Deport them with or to their parents! Or to their respective govenment it is not our responsibility to house or take care of an illegal!
have they voted for you ?
