A new report shows that 70 Massachusetts workers — from ages 18-74 — lost their lives on the job in 2016 alone: http://www.masscosh.org/publications/featured-articles/masscosh-honors-fallen-workers …
These deaths are another reminder that Washington must do better by working families. Step one: opposing @POTUS's proposed cuts to OSHA.
You really like cuts, don't you.
Elizabeth can you please contact me re Fightlikeagirl in every school in Ceo of http://fightlikeagirl.com  rape escape check ur email :)
Other than "Hello Sailor"Sarah Palin has no lines.I'm sure in the history of women speaking no woman other than that  skank ever said that.
Red looks good on you. Stop wearing that yuki, painful for the eye, ugh intensely cold blue. Wear warm colors. I'm pro colorist. Trust me
OSHA saves lives. The current workplace is far from the days of unprotected rotary equipment.
Just another politician making hay on the backs of working men&woman. Pissing down our backs & telling us it's raining.
How about Trump saying @ NRA yesterday that a woman should NOT be POTUS
Owning it!
"Pocahontas" and wearing it with pride, didn't let my morals slide, just throw & hurl, at brainy girl, it is trump who must hide!
Today celebrating 100 day of @TheDemocrats not president!! @HillaryClinton
They actually celebrate that here in Europe. Had to leave America to feel apppreciated.
And #MayDay is Monday, original day to celebrate workers. Lets not let the corporate propaganda wipe this from American history #UnionStrong
I am tired of caring for people who don't care.
got my vote on that one
Toxic silica inside coal causing 1,000 lung disease cases- reduce coal mining, replace jobs with retraining- look at success story in Wales!
Thanks goodness for OSHA & UNIONS, many workers R not only alive but prospered until GOP started slashing both. Cal OSHA still works for us.
Give me a break osha is just one more mostly worthless organization
Another sort of "Unknown Soldier" ...but without the eternal flame.
Sen. Warren: Sometimes you can go so far to the left you end up in bed w/ FOX News! There's nothing progressive about smearing Pres. Obama!
And his supporters think he wants to "help" them. Lol. The repubs want to take out the department of labor, too. We can't let him or them.
Yes, they were working  overtime to pay the taxes democrat imposed.
How should we celebrate lizzie
Thank you for highlighting this. Labor rights have certainly come a long way n we need to make sure those rights aren't eroded
Do you mean 'workers' like those who paid for your low life ill gotten gains education that you lied about to get? Not cool Pocahontas #MAGA
thank you, Pocahontas
Thanks for reminder as the Chief Despicable yaks &boasts at NRA!
Trump will likely kill, or defang OSHA
On workers MDay; Could Congress vote for Safety Rails At All Subway/Train stations. Save member/many others;BHero  https://youtu.be/Gp1YCSvt_g0 
But you have a problem with Barack Obama working.
Krike! DON the CON will now OUTLAW the agency through IMPERIAL DECREE
or cares for their own children
lets not forget those workers who gave their lives on the picket lines so we might have a living wage.......
THANKS TO ALL.   USA HAS BEEN BLESSED BY THE BEST!
Because if there's anything workers love its OSHA...
@realDonaldTrump 
Pocahontas & her tribe,
Are sick & tired of your jibe,
The insults you so easily hurl,
Bounce right of this brainy girl!
Men die on the job at an exponentially higher rate than women #Equality
God bless them and their poor families that had 2get that horrible news!!! May they all RIP. PS can't wait 2 meet U after I win my election!
I cannot believe that jackass called you Pocahontas again!
OSHA Permissible Exposure Limits are 46 yrs old NEED UPDATED! Based upon medical science from 1950 & 1960's!!!
Are you trying to remember back to a time that you had to work for a living?
How much do you get paid when you're a guest speaker or make an appearance?
Depends on the number of lies requested.   And if she had to be attired in her Native American regalia.
Please email me rock@fightlikeagirl.com re launch in every school in USA MY GIFT  from CEO #KymRock http://www.fightlikeagirl.com  
U mean like Law Enforcement Officers?  I look forward to your heartfelt tribute
Thank you for acknowledging this.
Get out the tall horse! Princess Lizzy is back!
OSHA has saved many from workplace illnesses & injuries! Don't listen to criticism from businesses! OSHA SAVES LIVES
Mrs. Warren, I don't agree w much you say but calling Obama out on wall st. $ earned you a respect point or two.
Here's to Eddie .
Too bad you don't care about our Police Officers that have died on the job
A great act put in place by a republican president
Okay, what next?
Wish you were one of them
Bless the brave unionist that paved the way .
Workers must control means of production
 - Vladimir Ilyich Warren
Except for our men and women in uniform, for whom you have great disdain.
No. It's just Friday.  Please stop
and @realDonaldTrump wants to send people back to the coal mines like it's 1925...yay!
And you want to keep miners unemployed by calling them "stupid deplorable" who "don't deserve to work"
no, i want to send them to retraining programmes for renewable energy jobs, then subsidize ren.en

also, don't put words in my mouth, thanks
Are you going to pay for their education and training? Or force them to because you decided you don't like the career they chose?
oh, so you think they are happy to ruin their health? 

and i would let mexico pay for it, or maybe big business,or save $ on mar-a-loco
The mines are pretty safe and it is a good living in that area of the US.
you can't be serious, there is a disease named after coal miners,CWP, Coalworker's pneumoconiosis and that's just one of many health risks.
"Some illness and disease rates (COPD and hypertension specifically) are directly correlated to the number of tons of coal that are extracte
asdat

I see no incongruence between his current behavior and what he did while in office. 

What is chafing is media's contorted justifications.
Keep up the great work Elizabeth we're behind you!!!
lol that was funny when the President called you pocahontas!
