You need to read a damn book.
And you need to stop cherry-picking facts!
I don't cherry-pick facts I'm not a Democrat. If you don't like it feel free to use the Google box
But you are giving out numbers without context; where, when, under what ideology it was made. That's the misleading half of the truth.
Umm. These are all things that you can access on the internet. It even has the numbers of sitting R's & D's &the controlling party.
Uhm what? I was talking about your picture and its context. From what I know, slavery wasn't abolished recently.
Are you 12 or from another country?
Another country, assuming you're talking from the US.
True but ideologies evolve... Most minorities are below poverty and their communities have no development. Republicans have never cared.
Yeah u locking them up and taking away their resources
Yes he did... And republicans pushed the three strikes laws
The GOP is the party of hate. #PartyOfHate
http://tinyurl.com/h9crhne  Hi Elizabeth, It would only take 6hrs to get all things Trump out of WH.  What are we waiting for?  Call the movers
It'll happen in about 8 years...hold on tight till then 
Liberalism is more dangerous than terrorism period..
What do we need to do to stop this???
Ok ron
What "ok ron"? Minorities have been voting DEMS since civil rights movement and its destroyed the black family.  Dems=suppression of minorit
Ok spiro
Chicago.Detroit. LBJ designed the democrat welfare plantation, said 'We'll have those n**s voting democrat for the next 200 years" MLK=GOP
He can and he did
The DNC suppressed 100% of Bernie voters by taking their money with zero intention of allowing him to win. What a mess the DNC has made!
I don't know how she even has the gall to tweet this. Does she not get we see right through her lies?
Yes. Here's Omar Navarro @Pressgop announcing his run for Congress in front of Maxine Waters' house just today. https://twitter.com/PressGop/status/864190585355157504 … 
Omar Navarro for Congress Announcement in front of Maxine Waters house.   https://www.pscp.tv/w/a-idljFXTEVSZXBad3pBamJ8MW1yR21nbEJwUFp4ecGvVG1VZ5DAJU4ksLmxheYAOT4UGfQzgKVSFXRhfvxV …
In Torrance? Hope he wins...I grew up in Pedro...hop skip and a jump. GIVE EM HE @Pressgop.
Bullshit. Quite the opposite. The dems have spent yrs telling blacks and latinos, you're not good enough to make it without our help. Yuck
Bet if you could you'd change the "I'm a native American" story,that lie will always follow you.
Russia used no i d or real voters . Russia made fake states with fake voters
I guess @SenWarren thinks minorities aren't smart enough to gets ID's,  truly sad how the liberal elites really  think of minorities
After Bernie's statement today, you would be wise to distance yourself from Bernie. He is not to be trusted.
@onekade Yet you stood beside a racist, neo-lib that gave rise to him?
The GOP spent yrs gutting voting rights & suppressing black & Latino votes. We can’t allow @realDonaldTrump to turn the clocks back more.
Full of hot air
Liz,..try reading a history book. You might be disappointed. The Democratic Party, overwhelmingly, were pro-slavery. Still are!
Wheres the Impeachment papers???
Here's the process. If you are really mad, campaign against 'Due Process' because its the hold up
Can we at least turn back the clocks to November 2016? That'd be nice...
November 2008!
To watch @BarackObama win all over again? Yes, ma'am.
NEVER! Thank God he's history! #PresidentTrump busy cleaning up his mess! #AMJoy #SundayFunday
Cleaning? More like creating. I'd be happy with a Republican in office, but I will never accept the #Fascist #Traitor that we have now.
Bs.. If you want to  vote you can.
yes it was, and Im old enough to remember democrat SENATORS blocking black students from schools. Reason MLK was GOP
Shoshone tribe here. Green card please......
Lok forward to meeting u at the impeachment. Hint....I will be wearing a pink hat......
Don't you people get it? He announced that he could shoot someone on 5th Ave and according to him the idiots would still follow him. IDIOTS
you are right.....so do something to change it. please.... need action asap.
All the hated I see where's the love  @Pontifex pray for peace and guidance for our great leaders
Oh you mean like you frigging Dumbocrates for the past 60 years
Why do Democrats use the same old tired lines instead of doing something worthwhile? #pathetic
Liz, exactly how did they do that? What great philosophical facts on that statement do you harbor?
Voter registrations and canvassing and soliciting Republican voter registrations but registering them as Democrat. Why are polls wrong?
The same way DNC hired thugs to intimidate Republican voters and suppress voter turnout by torching campaign headquarters and destroying
YOU"RE A #LIAR Elizabeth "Great Gray Beaver' Warren @SenWaarren #GreatGrayBeaver #LyingLiberals #LiberalTerrorists #MAGA
You seem to be confused. The Democrats are the ones who did that, perhaps history 101 should be a required course for politicians.
Are you fiddling, while America burns?? Impeach the sonofabitch!
She can't because she currently has NO PROOF.  Only her big mouth
This is distraction mode for them. Heat is on with #TrumpRussia so they'll make up a non-existent voter fraud issue to rattle their base.
Donald Trump belongs in prison. So do his cronies. Walls are closing in on him!
This tweet is like wine - initially filled with raw bitterness but with a little passage of time, really sweet to revisit 
It infuriates minorities when people like you insinuate that they aren't smart enough to get an ID card. Don't believe me? Ask them! #Fail

Maybe @SenWarren will see your reply and take a minute to educate herself so she isn't so ignorant and racist on the topic.
Seems like no one in Washington is fighting trump. He's getting away with doing whatever the heck he wants.
Your party that venerated Senator Robert Byrd while in the Senate, a member of the KKK The Clinton's spoke highly of him and defended him.
Liar !!!!
We can't allow brain dead libtards in govt either! Trump won! Get over it and do your job! Serve the American people!!!
You Are Wrong LIZZY Are You American Or Counter American? Your Blind Allegiance To Your Failed Party Makes You A Fool. Your Career Will Fail
Youre a lying pos Its you lib commie bastards that promise blacks and latinos stuff and never produce. You have your slaves too bad for them
If they are illegals they shouldn't vote, what do you think?
Obama and Hillary needs to be in prison
He's not turning the clocks back you loon
R u sure he won't suppress the votes of women? Because women have the power to change the 2018 election. Minority vote is already suppressed
Name one instance
whoa. It was the Dems who owned slaves, made KK and fought de-segregation. LBJ said 'We'll have those n**s voting Dem for 200 years" MLK=GOP
Yeah Trump is terrible but that doesn't shine the shit the #DNC has in it's past - Which swamp to drain? #FedUp
Nice try but no cigar. Dems afraid their voter fraud scheme will be unmasked! otherwise why would it upset them.
No Citizen is bothered by measures preventing voter fraud. Only people who want to vote illegally are bothered.

For sure, Indian woman
While you spent years pretending to be a Native American, leveraged it as an asset to your own benefit??  Got your smoke signals mixed up.
There ya go again with the FAKE accusations , show us PROOF Liz . Your an embarrassment to us Mass residents,,# Pocahontas .
Sen Warren. .....you are my hero
GOP isn't suppressing any LEGAL voters. If you want votes of Illegals then go run for election in that country.
Snowflake Tears 4 Years: Trump 2020. Cry, cry, cry a river, Indian Princess.
You mistakenly said said "GOP". I'm pretty sure you meant southern democrats who wrote Jim Crow laws. Fact!
You wanter.voters that cannot figure out how to get an ID? Give me a break...
who suppressed anyones votes? get real warren! you make us in mass ashamed!! you are getting voted out!!
Fake News!
You have taken an office that was of honor in this country and have turned it into a joke step down and let someone with honor restore it!

You mean like how you all dumped the med disabled psych patients on the street in Massachusetts Elizabeth?
If U mean GOP stopped illegals from voting then I guess we would have 2 admit they "suppressed" voters
You are on the wrong side of history. Here, get educated: http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/news/1072053/posts …
Blacks have been allowed to vote in MA since 1780.
Pocahontas, you are full of hate and bull crap. Can't wait until you are voted out of politics.
I wish that all would refrain from name-calling, it's a distraction to the important issues that exist. Why is it accepted? Can't understand
She blatantly lied about being a Native American for political and financial gain. Which part don't you understand? #HigherStandards
Bring Susan Rice too & let's cut the BS! I used to respect you but you're a phony crook with a fantastic stock portfolio! #TeamShiva
Dems have lost over 1000 legislative seats since 2008, it's because your policies don't help people.  Don't blame Republicans
Lol  how many extra electorates does CA and ther states get for non citizens??   Strange you don't seem to care or not 
Our state has not improved since you became senator.  Stop whining about everything/everybody and start doing your job.
Your crazy lady. The dems lost move on, run a better campaign next time, but as of now I'll  never vote for another Dem. Again babys
Democrats are the founders of the KKK
Do you have anything to say that DOESN'T revolve around racial politics? Your spiel is REALLY getting old 
Yet you belong to the party of the very rich that you seem to hate
TO GET HELP FROM THE GOVERNMENT YOU NEED AN ID, FOODSTAMPS,HEALTHCARE,CASH HELP,RENT A PLACE TO LIVE,TO BUY CIGS N BEER,OPEN BAKE ACCT.
IF YOU NEED AN ID TO DO ALL OF THAT, THEN PEOPLE WHO ARE VOTING IN AN ELECTION DANM SURE NEED AN I.D.! ANYONE WITH COMMON SENSE KNOWS THIS!
GET REAL DEMOCRAPS, EVERYONE IN AMERICA WHO IS ABLE TO VOTE HAS AN I.D.,YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING WITHOUT AN I.D! SO HOW IS REQUIRING ALL WHO
WILL BE VOTING IN AN ELECTION TO HAVE AN I.D SUPPRESSING VOTES!?!?
President Trump is turning back the clock to good jobs for working people & prosperous economy for all
Why do you think these groups are too stupid to get ID?

Exactly how is anyone prevented from voting ? Even illegals vote, that's how easy it is.  Your just a clueless liberal ding-a-ling.
bS!
Americans want to lose the electoral college. The dem owe us for sabatige Bernie and forcing Hillary down our throats twice. Bye E college!
Yeah like all this GOP saying they are Injuns to get their privileged schooling and entitlements. Right POCHANTIS?
Look at Detroit....NUFF said.
Weve turned back clock on everything else
Neither @POTUS nor any Republican wants to turn back voting rights. Your lies don't work anymore. We want more people to vote Republican.
The first African American Senators and Representatives were REPUBLICAN!


Xoxo warren! You'll ALWAYS have my votes!
The plantation gate keepers are upset that their "Slaves" may leave once they find out the masters only show up in election years. #AltLeft
That is a pure lie. Just another plan by the man to keep another brother down. Plantation politics.
He seems to deal with all these investigations and all his insanity    no one is going to stop him
How did they do this?  Be specific.
This from the same Dems. who passed the Jim Crow laws and DID NOT vote for the Civil Rights act of 1964 ??   HYPOCRITES WE WON GET OVER IT !
THATS AN OUT AND OUT LIE!!! U NEED TO STOP!!
Yeah I think we would all hate it if only legal citizens could vote. Oh wait

Honestly, Senate Dems should be willing to grind Congress to halt until conditions on this & Special Prosecutor are met. It's that important https://twitter.com/Susan_Hennessey/status/863446989652058113 …
We want Election Integrity ensuring USA Citizen Black,Latino,White,Asian,Any Race Voters aren't disenfranchised & negated by unlawful votes.
every time you either tweet or open mouth a lie pops out Go sit in you teepee Fakea-haunts-us!
Democrats gave us the #1994CrimeBill & America showed them the door. Pandering to minorities won't work anymore. 300k Prison, 1m Fatherless
As always, you do not have the facts. The republicans freed the slaves.
@POTUS President Trump*
Isn't that why #JillStein wanted recounts + #Hillary / #DEMS backed her? We want to silence YOUR fears! #AMJoy #Karma #HappyMothersDay
AMERICANS want #VoterID ! #Mexico has it! Doesn't oppress anyone but #ILLEGALS + #DEMS who vote multiple times! #EndElectionFraud #AMJoy
Check your history sister. I believe you'll find you are accusing the wrong party
Dems are so out of touch. I need to show a ID to go to the school to get my child out! Are you telling me that rule is only for some people?
Actually your party runs inner cities that's been hero blavks on a democrat plantation . U sick ppl
when a liberal fake indian is afraid blacks are waking up and wanting off the liberal plantation.... democrats:  the party of fearmongering
A leftist talking point that is simply untrue. And she knows it.
Do u know what middle class is?Sure dont mean living in a gated comm having assassins for protection.That's how u live not the middle class
The democrats fought a war to keep black people as SLAVES!  I'd call that the party of hate
Yeah stop with the racist talk. Democrats Dont care about anything but their personal gain u wrote a book. Hoe much$$ ru lining your pocket
Didn't the chairman of the DNC call the Mexicans, Taco Bell voters in her leaked email to Hillary?? #merica
Ummm...that was the KKKlan, founded by the Democrats.
You talk a lot but never see you provide anything to back it up.  Try actually doing something other than obstructing progress, the talk
You made a strange twist to your statement accusing Republicans of denying voting rights while the Dems bused illegals in to vote.
And we shouldn't forget...why?  It's certainly not relevant to today.
I voted for Trump because you tell us who we should vote
You mean #hillary rigging the primaries against #bernie, and getting questions ahead in the #debates.
So why is it wrong to ask for voter id's . Every state should ask for It .
Maam. Only ACTUAL citizens of the USA get the right to vote, and of those citizens only non-felons and those 18 and older can vote.
Your part of the problem when u let illegals vote as to us born Americans have less rights than they do. You are part of the demo dumbs
Please help us senator Warren!! Gather as many ppl as you can!! #SaveOurDemocracy
you spent years allowing illegal aliens to vote here.  Why are you angry?
No actually they have been suppressing themselves by voting for people and policies made by the likes of you.
No, Senator, that was the Democrats doing. More DEMS voted against the Civil Rights Act of the 60's than Republicans -(I looked it up) #MAGA
And Democrats perfected voter fraud#fakenews

And the Democratic Party has spent many years perfecting voter fraud with criminals and illegals!
Stop whining voter fraud happening and time for it to stop. One Vote ====Voter ID with proof of citizenship. Time for legal votes to count
-(3/3) Liz, that is a bunch of crap. The Democrats have used and abused the Black and Hispanic voters for many, many years. U have given
-(1/3) Liz, that is a bunch of crap. The Democrats have used and abused the Black and Hispanic voters for many, many years. U have given
-(2/3) the worst education in the US, in the big cities that you control. You have put their lives at risk with the worst crime in the big
-(3/4) cities that you control. U take their votes and give them nothing in return.That is your history. Donald Trump cares about the black
OH please !
Let's just let the real person who is legal vote...is that too much to ask?
WHAT Are you trying to hide?
What crack are you smoking?....sorry,...illegals in any color can't vote..or the dead...guess we will find out soon .. FEAR IT..LOL
this is
Dear "Senator" Pocahontas, you know what? You seriously need to be hospitalized in a mental hospital. You are pathetic...
you didn't just complain about voters... your refusal to picture id is all the proof the world needs to see you stack the deck.
Right!!! So we should let illegals vote??? That's how the Dems have tried to steal the Presidency for years. Dems were the racist
What the holy hell are you talking about? The President is going to fix voter FRAUD! #notthesharpesttool 
Citizens only pochohanta! The American  kind! 

#voterfraud #AmericaFirst
Exactly what rights were "gutted"? How were the black & latino votes "suppressed"? You need to give verifiable evidence to your claims.

The Democratic Party has taken the minority's votes for years, and in return Democrats do nothing for the minorities #liberallogic #maga
GOOGLE  LBJ'S remark about the black votes
News flash, Lizzie Warren isn't Native American. She stole a NA's job by lying about her race.
Mrs Warren. Can you ever tell the truth. No civil liberties have been taken. Wuit scaring the American people and get to work on something.
Democrats are flooding our country with illegals to boost their voting base. Guaranteeing welfare so they pull the D levers.
Hey Pocahontas - Why is it suppressing the vote here in the US but ever other country has voter id laws ?
If your talking about felons and illegsls.  Yes they did.  The only way you can win is cheat.
I live the blanket statements with no evidence typical of liberals. So did you advance the Indian American vote?
Problem is democrats take no ownership they only change their story. That's why they will continue to lose elections. #maga
Stop spewing propaganda. 
