did you tell them how you and Democrats lie. Donna Brazil is a liar and you lied too Pocahontas
had more at office hrs than @realdonaldtrump has at inauguration. #SAD #ReleaseYourTaxes #trumpcare = failure #budget = travesty
Too bad they had to listen to a screeching harpy!
my concern is your views & how u have so much $$ but critical of Trump 4 having $$ he paid more in taxes than Bernie
so how many did you pay to be there??
you're confusing her with Trump -  only he stoops that low
weak???  Lol funny. Maybe every politician is confused , some more than most. I say she pays people to show up.
Now that's real fake news
All the media is talking about is Trump's 2005 taxes. Did he get big refunds the other the other years?
There is only one party in charge now...hope you are making plans to change that...otherwise I'm moving to Costa Rica
where in Costa Rica ?
reject gorsuch
Pocahantas voted against the bill to audit the Fed - Warren is a hypocrite & puppet of the banking cartel! (like the majority)...
you call that a "crowd"??!!  Oh boy... 
hey you are not a good representative for Pocahontas. Stop it.
were there any trump supporters screaming, asking questions or being so disrespectful you had to leave early?   Didn't think so.
@Dr_of_Nursing Liz start running NOW for POTUS the world needs YOU !
did you tell them how proud you were to confirm Ben Carson? Going to do a heck of a job at HUD. You're a hypocrite.
if you do some reading she explained why she voted for him and what she would do if he didn't deliver.
she could explain until the cows come home. No excuse.
some people just want to be anti-dem and anti-GOP. That won't work for our country! Gotta bridge gaps!
it's not about being pro this or that. It's about nominating competent people to represent us.
competent and considerate. There are some competent people who don't care for others, especially poor.
Great Job! Thank you for service.
Please run for President in 2020.. It will be like shooting fish in a barrel. President Trump is doing an Amazing job.Do your job
did you know hillary won the popular vote...then disappeared. Thank you sweet Jesus, Buddha, and Moses.
what's up? haven't had regular tweets for awhile. I set account to get them all
Senator Warren relates extremely well with her constituents.  She cares passionately about all people.
DEMS ARE A BUNCH OF LOOSERS
STOP TRYING TO FIGHT TRUMP CUZ HE KEEPS ON WINNING YOU SO BADLY HAHAHA
TRUMP IS YOUR PRESIDENT SWALLOW IT
how nice that at ur meetings, ur opponents do not shriek & scream. U actually get to talk. Perhaps your pals could reciprocate.
is a terrorist to 
I believe your a terrorist.
, thank you for all you do!!!!!!  Hard to believe how badly our country is going down.  I'm 67, and am scared!!
question : when will u return $$ u STOLE by LYING about Cherokee blood? #PayItBack
talk is ok but id rather see results of getting trump out of office an replacing with a sane politician
My concern is why you don't pay your interns. What a fraud you are
"so many" paid supporters
ur Looooser fake Indian
all they heard was fake news from a fake Indian
How can you support #WallStreet puppets & #Progressive issues at same time? You can't without #Propaganda http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-makes-me-scream.html …
This or Trump.....
We need to create real choices instead of falling for lesser evil every damn time!
we love you @SenWarren!
I'm sure there were no protesters rioting  like liberals.
Hey Liz...I hear you made the cover of Assclot Magazine...Congratz
Oh, I missed it Fakeahontas. Would have loved to ask a few questions. Which surely be met with your deer in the headlights look.
re: Many people;
"POKE"a hontas convened a gathering of her tribe of wannabe Indians. SHAMEFUL WITCH.
you are a wretched, hateful B!
Rhetoric is not enough anymore DEMOCRATS must listen to all the people and take the appropriate action
I and 4,000+  ready to send stories of "good results" in programs slated for cutting.  Anyone collecting?
Did the Mohegan's show up for their sister?
@SenWarren illegal immigrants need to live in your home please let them.
Show  them this. 

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C7J-VZkUwAIpOJd.jpg …
You are my shero! Keep up the good work! What an amazing role model for congressional republicans. 
why are our taxes paying for Trumps $$$$ vacations? My $$ should go 4 families & seniors.  STOP HIM
why are you still around? It thought trump drained what swamp of you and Pelosi. Logout! Try going to work every now and again!
@Dr_of_Nursing
yes love this!
@billposey7 @marcorubio Wish my reps wuld meet us. just have phone calls where Posey calls voters by wrong name and attacks media
Love you Elizabeth. Keep up the Resistance. We need you!
please lead to the path to universal healthcare! This is the ticket to the future of the party!
what percent Native American were you? I have questions and concerns with your integrity and honesty
Did they ask why you never signed up for Obamacare?
good to see someone not afraid of meeting with the American people and looks like you had more than Trump did in Nashville
.@SenWarren Where's the pitchforks and torches? Oh, wait... you're not an R.
Many peoples, much Pow Wow.
I strongly #believe @SenWarren #StrongerTogether our fellow #Democrats #VoiceOfTruth be heard  #HumanRight #Equals #AllLivesMatter #LoveWins
Awesome!
If only @SenWarren had endorsed @BernieSanders we wouldn't be ib this mess.
#StPatricksDay @CitizensFedUp #Veterans Irish-Americans Who KNOW History won’t be taken in by NRA TeaParty Drumpf Bigot BS
#refugees, Aleppo Liz
you supported Hillary and you supported the riots. You lost all credibility to me.
we must stop the budget
all politicians better speak up
Wow Warren you are so popular. Pathetic
I want to hear Democrats leading rally's, protests, and launching ad campaigns and WRITING against Trumps draconian plans Act Now
Was one of the questions, How do you feel about lying about being native American to get benefits you didn't deserve? Disgusting!
Awesome!  Know that we honor the hard work you're putting in!
I'm not sure how anyone could go through the torture of sitting in a room to listen to you screech
what I'm concerned about is the fact that you represent me in the Senate yikes
let me correct that! You don't represent anything I stand for!! You just happen to be one of the senators from my state
So, what lies did #LyingLizzie hand out at this meeting??
yes!
<One of best promotion of capitalism today, proves people will buy anything while making the person selling the BS=Wealthy
It's too bad that you had to lie to them so much and you did it with a straight face. That takes a lot of practice
@heysyd can you confirm you won't vote for WAR in Syria?
No one yelling at you to "DO YOUR JOB!" because you do your job. You do a great job!!
Are you paying your fair share in taxes?
I wish my Senator would speak to his constituents. Idaho where are our reps? Our Senators?
Please know that you matter to many of us outside your state. The whole country is counting on you, Senator. And thank you.
another photo op.  It doesn't make u more intelligent
Senator Warren When are the Dems going to stand up to RYAN & MCCONNELL & demand that they STOP TRUMP from making AMER WHITE & WAR
@barney_cannon Thank You, Sen. Warren 
are you running in 2020? I will vote for you. They are sending out bumper stickers. Should I put it on my car?
did they ask for your resignation?
"feeding children has no demonstrable result..." that's what we are up against. They now want to stop feeding hungry children.


Meals on wheels, that's some seniors only means to eat and social contact! He must be stopped! Why is no one talking 25th Amend?
You just lie n act like a stupid blond. No brains there.
@CitizensFedUp #Veterans Meanwhile, NRA TeaParty Spicy Holds Emergency BS press conference to translate Drumpf's latest antics
ldnt get that straight either.  caught citing something in NYt but it was shithead Hannity.
Why are they all wearing black? Do they have a protest to be at later? LMAO 
Thank you Elizabeth Warren.
quite the pow wow, chief
look!  A room for of zombies!
AWESOME!  THANK YOU!
Ok.. I count a little under 200. Is that really"so many people". FAKE NEWS
it was a packed house, literally Democrat packed . What ever happened to "like your plan keep plan, like yr doc keep yr doc? Lies
Are you sure it wasn't more like YOU shared your concerns THEN had feedback. Face Lizzy your not quite or a listener.
schilling in 2018! He is coming for you
YOU are a sterling example of what a Senator is supposed be! Thank you from the bottom of my ! You are a beacon of hope!!
Were you shouted down and not allowed to speak? Oh that's right you are all Saul Alinsky wannabes, so one big love fest.
is this typical turnout or is 45 causing fear ?
Dems need state by state county by county town halls!  Rural voters need to hear the right message
You represent me. I support everything your doing. #ResistTrump
not many people there compared to Trump rallies
WARREN WARREN WARREN WARREN WARREN 2020 2020 2020 2020
LOL LOL LOL - will never happen!  Thank God!
. TIME TO START DOING AND STOP TALKING !! IMPEACHMENT NEEDS TO SERIOUSLY START NOW !!
How do we find out when/where you are speaking? Would love to come hear you in person!
NOW THIS IS HOW TOWN HALLS SHOULD WORK!!!! SENATOR SHOWS UP! PEOPLE VOICE THE POSITIONS ASKS Questions, SENATOR ANSWERS ,,,
That looks suspiciously like a (gasp) town hall Senator. Thank you for all you do!!
love it!
Warren is up for reelection. She is against Trump.She wants all the refuges,muslims, open borders to come in so we the MC can pay
People care and we Americans need politicians that do as well!
have you ever considered doing your job?  Your job is not just to fight republicans - since the election you have done nothing
Look, a Senator having an open meeting with their constituents. GOP Reps need to baller up like you! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump is insane.
We r going to primary all the do-nothing, doormat Dems. As a minority party, u have one POWER: A SIMPLE MESSAGE: #ImpeachTrump
You should be in DC working. But obviously, you'd like to yack yack to the fawners. How tiresome. But hey, if it means no work...
More people than were at the inaugration.
Thank you. This is what a Representative sounds like.
if you see @SenToomey on the Hill can you encourage him to follow in your footsteps here? PA deserves better!
thank you for your service Senator
Unless they disagree with you.
Oh, look, @SenateGOP No signs, everyone seated. Oh, they all have healthcare too!
Wonderful! When do the impeachment proceedings begin? Why are you all sitting on your hands? Please #ImpeachTrump NOW
Oh, and can you please check on @RepGoodlatte as well.  Seems he had a full house in WYBO last meeting, but we could not find him
why r we paying taxes, for what? If u are cutting everything what are we paying for? For Trump to keep wife in NY?
I didn't know you were coming today.....  Who on your team is responsible for sending out the smoke signals......????
looks like a full house, unlike @realDonaldTrump 's latest rally. Guess some people know where our Republic really exists.
now that's a real town hall
Thank you Senator @SenWarren
Ms.Warren. Please do not stop fighting for school lunches and Meals on Wheels for our less fortunate children and Seniors.
look at the crowds!!
now did any actual Ma residents of were they all illegal immigrants that you support all the time ?
how are you spending your 40,000- a yr raise that the middle class who are actual tax payers got sucked into paying !
can't wait to help vote you out next term. Warren is anti-
Thanks for your devoted service to hard working Americans.  And standing up to the BULLIES who only care abt the 1% BILLIONAIRES
and this is how a Senator should respond to constituents.  I hope your colleagues learn from your great example
Wish you were my Senator instead of gutless moron Rubio. People in Massachusetts are lucky to have you. The rest benefit too!
are you coming to Western Ma?
I'm concerned I'm not getting enough of other peoples' money.  Please DO SOMETHING!
You mean y didn't hide? Oh, that's right you have nothing to be ashamed of!
My Senator! 
we really need elected officials like you to keep working hard to fight Trump and his animals. They are disgusting. Thank you
Numbers looking light Liz. Your campaign should start paying attention to polls. You're in trouble come election. Too far left.
Did you get there via Santa's sleigh? The roads are passable now?
when is the investigation ending . Good people need him and his deplorables gone
