then after 8 tries to modify my mortgage we went bankrupt. I do believe if they had modified it they would have made money
Indian Joe lost his job opportunity when You falsified your qualification for Harvard job slot
Elizabeth disclose to Americans how many foreclosed homes u bought, what u pd for each & the profit u made on each home! Those
homes belonged to families who were forced to move. And you profited off their misfortune! Do u feel good about yourself? Of course you do!
you seem slightly misguided. Someone buying a foreclosed home, is not the problem
I'm not misguided at All! She bashed Trump for doing the same thing she did!
 not exactly, but I know there's no point in using facts
Libs don't operate in facts. I'd be surprised if you had any facts.
OF COURSE you would generalize everyone with a progressive mind into a box  #typical #pitiful
Now you're being silly! U started by accusing me of not dealing in facts then complain when I do the same! That's a Lib 4  ya!
You soaked Harvard for $400 teaching a phony course and rant about student loans.  Hypocrite
they offered her a salary she didn't soak anybody.  She was paid what professors at the most prestigious college get
She lied on her application saying she was Native American.  She is a liar.
six years ago debunked.  She never filled out an application at Harvard she was directly recruited from.  Her resume. Idiot
(We could also add a couple other industries)
You don't have the votes to stop Mnuchin from being confirmed
and you said you were Native American, what's your point
that we debunked six years ago get some new material it was a Carl Rove lie
from the Atlantic not a conservative source. Get your facts straight
looks to me like they shouldn't have sent in a personal check, the paperwork must have said no personal checks. Their own fault.
my husband had 3 strokes and when I tried to modify my mortgage I was refused because I spelled a word incorrectly..CHASE-BANK
didn't you also buy homes on the cheap from ppl that fell to predatory loans & then resell them
Donald Trump is a, slum lord who buys foreclosed properties and sell them for profit it's his business  but she can't do that?
her whole msg is against those actions. So to be doing them herself is not a good look
her message is against people who do it as a principle business and celebrate the recession as a business boom like the Orange
Do u know the names of people who lost their homes in the foreclosures U purchased & flipped?
of the homes he bought out of forclosure,  of the names of the blacks he refused to rent to because  of their color
hey, Senator Warren, are you still Cherokee?
Me believes you do nothing but whine.
so done done done with ever having a life again after and still dealing withChase
after I could not pay the mortgage THATS when they wanted to re modify, when It was too late.This after refusing me for 3 years
but instead Chase refused me over and over while my mortgage was 1,700 a month with only 100 going to the principal
says the lady that went around buying foreclosed homes. You should be ashamed of yourself buying these homes to make profit.
I see you bought some of those foreclosed homes for your gain. Hypocrite!
lie and y know it. Shameful Fakeahantous
Give her some of that money you defrauded from that poor & confused elderly woman who sold U her house WAY BELOW MARKET VALUE!
@CS_Interiors No one can expect nothing good from DT pick. It's like DT is putting together a "life of crimes squad" for Cabinet
why didn't PMI kick in on these homes being foreclosed? I don't understand why or what that was supposed to do and forced to buy.
The Foreclosure fanatic...glad he's not my banker.
key words here ...she sent the wrong check...it was her fault Pocahontas
Guy sounds like a lizard.
Sorry, lizards.
Oppose! Obstruct! Deny SCOTUS!
you are so rude to President Elect Trump's Nominees.  They are all smarter than you guys!  What sore losers!
Fat oops I mean Pat how is it a Christian approves of a man who grabs women's pussies and gets pee'd on by whores?
please look at the 5 Billion$ spent by big Pharma so it can raise the price of drugs being paid by Medicare
That's a heartbreaking story. Thank you Senator Warren for fighting against Mnuchin.
and now he argues he couldn't disclose because he was rushing his paperwork. Too bad he couldn't extend that expected grace...
As Elizabeth Warren stands with Trump 1/20, as Trump fills the swamp with W.Sers, as Democratic Senators mitagate racism on 1/20

why don't u send a check for the Harvard scholarship u STOLE by lying about yur heritage?
The bank for the man who couldn't fill out his paperwork correctly. Can't we give any of these people IQ test as a requirement?
Deplorable.
A major reason why we're mad is guys like Price, Mnuchin, Trump, etal get away with this crap.  License to steal must end!
boo hoo
Same thing happened to me! Sent paperwork 3 times!! Spouse & I lost jobs, he stole my home in just 6 mos even tho we remployed.
:Friend was being foreclosed on when Bank of Am opened a 3rd acct of them while refinancing.This was a bank mistake not Mnuchin.
why don't you tell her Boo Hoo like your last tweet complaining about paperwork?
Unlike in Canada,it seems too easy to lose your home in the USA.Why is that?
in TX if you don't pay HOA dues your home can be foreclosed upon.
foreclosure should not be allowed after a person misses one payment and certainly not for one dollar.
Wasn't complicated paperwork Mnuchin's excuse this am?
You're a wealthy privileged white woman & a crooked politician. Your new found righteousness is hypocritical & offensive.
was he supposed to just give it to her? Would be hard to explain to the bank board!
Mnuchim is a disgrace! Watched the hearings-uncaring, supports off-shore tax evasion! Out for rich-steal from the poor #corrupt
Wow!! He was OBEYING the NEW DUMBOCRATS/OBAMA REGULATIONS!! People SUFFERED BECAUSE OF OBAMA EXECUTIVE ORDERS!
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSL2N0N022V20140408&ved=0ahUKEwiXuLydyM_RAhUY4mMKHeFzBu8QFggvMAQ&usg=AFQjCNHMRL58n6RpYrZ0FCdzUbgfbQkYRQ&sig2=n4baylggecBhEnwEm-mL6A … Looks like u need to check your facts homie.
My FACTS are correct!
I have yet to see ANY facts. Just lots of misinformation. Nice try tho 
Enjoy your ignorance!
Presents NO facts to back up bogus claim. Presented w/facts refuting said claim. Yet still calls someone ignorant 
It's ok snowflake...go back to your coloring book!
He is the modern day Snidely Whiplash!
Our new Secretary
#mnuchin no way- why do I get 1.2% or less on my accounts and get charged bet 6.9 to 29 % on my credit cards?
-She lost her home because she decided to keep a home her family could no longer afford instead of selling it.
tell the whole truth Senator. Federal paperwork. Federally required paperwork.
Slick Liz lying again.
And yet #mnuchin's trying to hand-wave his way out of failing to disclose $100m and that he's dir. of offshore fund.#filltheswamp
Well apparently they need to go back to grade school and be re-education on how to get homework in on time.
This man is not qualified. Too many errors w/devastating result 4 the people! Don't know if he is a heartless crook or just dumb
Is that one of the homes you bought and flipped for profit? Is that how you knew about her? You are a hypocrite!
no munchkins today. Watching our new president arrive. Go home and pow wow.
Her testimony was excellent as were other's testimonies.  Thank you for making that happen and sharing it as best you could.
IMPORTANT!!!!! I believe the plan is to gut all spending on public programs like the arts, public radio and tv, health=WALL
don't send the wrong check. Easy fix.
And MANY can't afford INSURANCE because of OBAMACARE! Mine went from 700.00 month to 1673.00!!! YOU caused That!
no the obstructionist Republican Congress that refused to pay the insurance companies caused that moron
Not a moron!Perhaps working WITH republicans instead of using FORCE would've worked better! Mr Pen & Phone!
they did everything they could do to make sure Obama care failed because they are racist pigs and you are too
"the forgotten people will never be forgotten again" They are going to be robbed blind.
how do you forget $100mm?  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/19/us/politics/steven-mnuchin-treasury-secretary-nominee-assets-confirmation.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=a-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 …
Tough shit. Learn to read
The Trump screened possible cabinet candidates by counting the # of zeroes in their net worth and contributions.
I just looked up "slimeball" in the dictionary, and there was a picture of @stevenmnuchin1 !
Maybe they should walk in the shoes of people they stole from. If confirmed they MUST do their jobs otherwise it's trason.
He is a psychopath
Do you really know what you're talking about? If you're so concerned about her, why don't you help her out?
We lost our home in a "modification" process, after my spouse lost his job in the financial industry. Banking is full of crooks!
there is a story out there that you bought some of these  foreclosed homes.
a scary administration no ethics. Hope they can be stopped
Please stop your  disgraceful display of partisan politics. Your conduct is simply deplorable and only hurts the people.
How's that multi-million dollar mansion you live in, Liz?  
Is it comfy? 
#hypocrite #ClintonShill #ZeroCredibility #No2020ForYou
take him down
key words "his bank".
Do your Homework! Look at the HUD rules and get them fixed...try shutting your face and actually do your job!!!!!!
Please stop these crooks! Our country depends on it. @SenateGOP show Americans exactly how they feel about them.#CROOKS
Lost her home?Foreclosure is a complicate lengthy process w many chances to cure;You r spreading LIES Warren but fraud is ur core
NOT true! This and similar cases were reported. back when they occurred during the housing crisis. @SenWarren
Do you think all of the rules & regulations you in the non-productive part of the economy create made the paperwork complicated?
Those are the kind of people you grab by the b@!!$ and hold tight until they do right by the people.
which he addressed. We have had 3 community banks close. All we have are large banks now. Our bankers used to work w/us. Not now
really disappointing how u didn't endorse Bernie (lost MA by 2%) when he stood more with your supposed ideals
and you made money buying foreclosed homes. You are a hypocrite! Pay back the Native Americans you cheated.
this man sounds like he works for the rich only I must not be confirmed
I doubt that is the only reason she lost her house. Paperwork can be fixed.
I tried to watch and I just couldn't . made me so angry.. how do you stand it

Shameful.
