But there's only 10.4 million enrolled in Obama care now, only your minions would believe your B.S.
I can't tell if Deplorable is your real name, or just some very honest self-assessment. Well Einstein what about the 20 million on Medicaid?
Everyone has the right to purchase healthcare but no one has the right to force others to pay for theirs.
My tax dollars go to wars I do not support tens of Millions for Trump to go golfing and S/S checks for retirees in Florida. U R Entitled.
Well what the hell is going on? When is the vote?
In anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour.
What happened to midnight? My fingers are stained from chain smoking. Need to get up in AM and can't sleep til they vote.
Enzi went over time but heard it was scheduled for around 2-3am earlier. Maybe they're going with that timeline now.
Thanks for the info. I think I'm gonna call it for the night, think good thoughts and hope for the best. Have a good night.
And to you.
Garbage in, THE GARAGE OUT IN 2018!!
ONLY A PERFECT BILL !LET US NOT REPEAT ACA ;AND GOP WORK WITH DEMS !I LEARNED TO FORGIVE AND FORGET !AND MOVE ON WITH LIFE !SO SHOULD YOUALL
Not so easy for people with incurable terminal diseases Tony. I am one of them. Sleep well and forget about it.
I am a 16M. Cheaper for no coverage. $1k monthly prem $8k deduct, is cheaper to pay cash to doctors, labs, etc. Nothing like this till ACA.
ACA is the unaffordable garbage. No one I know can afford it. Two that had it, had to drop it, too expensive. They left the Dem party too.
Ur numbers r as inconsistent as u r
Wow. Almost as many as Obamacare did.
People won't buy it cause their not forced to
Like the 18 million obamacare kicked off. And that you can keep your doc, and you can keep your insurance. Lier, lier
Explain how 8 million on unaffordable Obummercare now and it will lead to 16 Mill More ? How does this work exactly ??
It's about choice poca. When we are not forced to buy it, Enrollment will drop. Thought u understood this.
What about yours Liz?  Your coverage ok?
Was garbage, but now time to get things done. Keep pushing Republicans for reforms to Bill. Let's protest against their indifference #GoACA
Learn how to add and subtract! Your numbers don't align! Kind of like your two brain cells that keep colliding!
Sorry, 11 month old
16 million who will get to choose not to overpay for really bad insurance with high deductibles and small networks.
No 16 million who can not even have a choice weather to live or die! Rates have went up and now will go up 20% more duh! OC needs 2 fix that
Only 20%. My premium went up 142% with ACA and higher deductible, higher copay and significantly worse network.
20% from what it is NOW.
Yes.... from what it is now... not what it would be after another year of ACA, which would probably increase it more than 20%
You have no clue what was going on. They were going 2 destroy the lives of millions. Many of R senators said it was horrific. Do research
The Dems were clear with what they want, govt control of healthcare. They said that is the goal, they just need to do ACA to get there
I think that is wonderful.Everyone should b covered. It seems 2 work great 4 ALL other civil.countries. Even DJT said Canada has great HC.
Care to explain
Chief Obamacare Architect Sacked After Fraudulent Billing Investigation http://truepundit.com/chief-obamacare-architect-sacked-after-fraudulent-billing-investigation/ …
That's rediculous. 16 million will find insurance. Nobody goes untreated in the US.
Do u even have a clue I've heard 16 mil 18 mil 20 mil 24 mil even 30 mil do u just make up these numbers or just forget what lie u told last
I would not believe one word from your mouth
You mean I can cancel my plan? Why am I forced to pay $1850 per month? Why is my deductable $6500?
Why not give the American people the same health insurance that the House and Senate have? #Fauxchohantas
Dem Party " The Party of Hysteria"
How many people under ACA were covered but couldn't use it bc of high deductibles? I guess those don't fit your narrative! Hypocrite!
to choose a better plan.
what about the 14 million who can finally buy insurance they want not the obamacare crap they ae forced to buy. They dont matter?
Work together
Obamacare left 30 million uninsured.
The vast majority of which due to the repeal of the individual mandate. It's dishonest of you not to admit that.
END the rigged govt price fix, & let #FreeMarketCapitalism DRIVE prices down @Theproblemshow
How anyone can trust you or those who want socialism in our country is beyond me. You lie and take our money. #Fauxcohotas #urout
OH YOU MEAN 26 YR OLDS AT HOME NO JOB AND ON MOMMY AND DADDYS INSURANCE THATS REAL RESPONSIBLE
There is only 11m insured on ACA.

Lmao, CBO said 25 million would be covered on obamacare now. There's barely 10 million. Dems own failed healthcare legislation.
But..but...but..Bernie says it's 20K.  Which is it?
Guess Obama care is the best, yet I'm paying more than ever and so are my employees and we still have crap insurance.
You tweet more than trump more lip service democrats are what wrong with this country
Millions who dont want forced expensive beuracratic care.
The CBO is almost as fraudulent as you and your fetid career.
Hey fake Indian, there is no contest for most tweets so relax you thumbs. Your ancestry test come back yet??
Oh my God. Will McCain still have his health insurance? I bet he will
I wonder how he paid for his medical bills, just before they want to cut health insurance for other Americans
Dear @SenateGOP : why do you hate us? How have we, the #American people, angered you so much that you would pass this vengeful bill?
thought it was 24, 23,22 million ? let's go back to the 24 one
Tell us what number of those people will not have coverage in the bill that has no mandate?  Ya think 10% ? 20% or higher?
RIGHT NOW I'D LIKE 2 PUT U IN THE GARBAGE! THE TRASH TALK U SPEW MAKES ME WANT 2 WHY DON'T U TRY & DO SOME GOOD BEFORE U'RE GONE AS SENATOR
What does the CBO say about the current status of Obamacare?
OK. If that happens here, I'm broke. Omg! We all are! Bastards they are!
It's not considered losing if you CHOOSE not to buy it..THAT is called FREEDOM OF CHOICE!! Do U know what THAT means?
In the fine print they mention 15 million would be a result of people CHOOSING not to buy insane obamacare plans.
Single payer fund please

And our premiums will increase 20%+ #VoteNo
Just like the VA? No thanks!
You don't need insurance to get healthcare! You just want all those campaign donations from insurance industry! We're not all stupid!
. They're horrible people. This is Beyond belief.
It does not include the 6m who lose employer mandated insurance, or those unable to afford it, or ppl in areas where insurers will pull out.
Correct
Elizabeth, this is horrible! Unbelievable they r so eager to seek "revenge"? On Obama by taking healthcare away from millions! WTH!
ACA must go! It's bankrupting our nation! Every one got healthcare before ACA if they didn't they didn't ask for it!
how is that it was 14 million on Obamacare, 11.8 of which were on Medicaid how does that work?
How come million never died before Ocare. Why waiting waiting why?
@senrobportman  @SenDeanHeller **make sure voters know this wipes out employer insurance plans. @ChairmanBuckley #MAGA this is U.
Yes this does wipe out employer insurance plans
Grotesque
You lying hypocrit! You complain about @POTUS for tweeting to much!
It makes no difference.  GOP simply doesn't care. If the number happened to be 116 Million, they'd still gut our healthcare.
Bullshit!!!
I'm in tears! I cannot believe this is happening in the most powerful Country on Earth! This is scary & surreal! GOP wants to hurt so many!
I agree, it is sad.
All is not lost, there is a silver lining. Trump gets $1.6 billion to build the wal. Costs for drug addicts, rapes, shootings will go down!
And I will be one of them. I hope they sleep well.
In the first year!
You are incredibly unhinged.
I'm sorry I don't know how to say that in Comanche.
Well the current garbage gave me a tax penalty, a 30+% increase into 2017 & notice I am getting dropped...Thank you very little.
Again you all were busy placating to AIPAC, putting more sanctions on THE PEOPLE of Iran and anti-#BDS - you ABANDONED this country.
And with classic mafia attitude, @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @POTUS wants the CBO to swim with the fishes. @USCBO
Hopefully those 16 mil vote D in 2018 to fix this embarrassing mess! Thx SenWarren
You forgot about the Mortal Kombat finishing move on the villain known as "the middle class" while @SenateMajLdr yells "fatality!"
#November2018 #SaveACA
A disgrace!!!
People who chose not to be insured because they can't afford it and have to pay a fine. Do you ever tell the truth warren?
It if they have low income.
They do not have to pay if low income
Look what it does to premiums between 2018 and 2025: $400 (today), $480, $576, $691, $829, $995, $1194, $1433, $1720. 20% per year - crazy.
Wish you had kept interrupting Enzi! Had to listen to BS for a whole hr!
Well with the enormous mistakes that the CBO makes anything is possible...
CBO was within 5% of what Obamacare was listed at.The reason rates have gone up was legislation by republican senators so they could do this
Ohhh please.. really ? The Republicans, When was that ?
Great..well at the end of this year, Im uninsured..it already happened, so go look in the mirror please & a 20% increase is better than 32%
This is a tragic day. I'm a pre existing condition of 25yrs this will bring Americans together for single payer
Because they would choose to opt out. Wow radical thought... wait Freedom/ choice horror of horrors to the American elites aka Dems
Why on earth would you even want to opt out of insurance? Everyone needs it. You do not kow what will happen to you from one day to the next
Ha... guess you're not from MA.
Don't forget the 6mil employer based people who will lose their insurance as well.
CBO maybe understating the number.
No. Just wrong. No

All the more reason for universal healthcare stop the unethical and immoral pain for profit.
too late, they are going to vote it is.  Orange Dear Leader will sign it.
So get your corporate colleagues on board with #SinglePayerNow so we can fix the problem with our Healthcare once and for all. #NoProfit
I am tired of the Republicans being Lawless and yet there is nothing we can do about it? They are above the law 
Has the GOP stated the purpose of this bill? What are they claiming is the purpose? Fewer insured, higher premiums, how are they selling it?
We promised we would repeal Obamacare is their selling point. Oh and the rates are high. Which this bill makes them 20% higher
Actually, RT  @axios CBO estimate for 'skinny repeal' would leave 42 million uninsured next year, compared to 26 million under current law
Thank you for trying to get republicans to yield for questions!!
The GOP doesn't care. They'll fist bump, drink beers with Trump, and count their cash from corporations and Wall St.
Republicans don't care. It's about revenge, not health care and it makes me sick. Thanks for fighting for us Elizabeth!!!
Wouldn't the repeal mean 16 million won't be forced to purchase insurance with threat of fine and imprisonment for not paying the fine?
So that's how many. 32m + 16m more.  48million people uninsured. This country has gone to hell in a hand basket and MCConnell is the devil
No 18 million in total I believe but that is bad enough.
Is the final vote tomorrow a fate acompli?
Please tell me you're running for president.
#MedicareForAll
More women who work for employers who won't provide it.
This bill is pure garbage and sabotage to America.


 To #GOP : #VoteNO #SkinnyRepeal
... OR ELSE   #MidTermElections2018 

 #FixACA

…
It's vile how badly they are willing to hurt the American people.
And a whole lot of unenecessary deaths.
Republicans are pen assassins
All to get back at the black guy
You nailed it.
CBO says this latest garbage bill will lead to 16 MILLION more uninsured. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/s.a.667.pdf …

