This is unequivocal, unadulterated fake news, but your brainless supporters will eat it right up. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
Our intel agrees. Not fake. You can't tell difference anymore, can you?
Intel agreed there were WMDs & attacks in Tonkin. Don't be intellectually dishonest. Read history.
So discount all intel because of something that happened 15 years ago? Don't think so.
No, discount all intel until proven and substantiated.
7 joint statements from 17 agencies not enough for you? And I'm afraid you aren't one of them...
Oh, to be so salty and gullible right now. The left will jump on anything against Trump.
*Says GOP, who investigated HRC for years with zero evidence.
it was your party's server that was hacked and exposed corruption.  Was that the flexibility obama promised?
obama did make a promise to Vladimir if you will remember
Obama was the President when he spoke to Russia you fool. 45 is in bed with Russians
And sold the free world out while Putin put Obama in his pocket.
45 is a rat commie Russian spy prez is a Russian spy
Besides leftism loves commies. Surprised you used in such a negative fashion.
who said I was left??? Asshat
foul mouth  ignorant posts gave a hint. That Russian ship is based in Havana.
Are you aware of current SCOTUS case on this topic?
ICYMI: Petition Before SCOTUS Seeks To Nullify Entire 2016 Election.
#VoidTheElection #Resistance #RussianHacking
https://fishershannon.wordpress.com/2017/02/09/petition-before-scotus-seeks-to-nullify-election …
if that where to happen I don't believe this country would sustain as a nation
This whole situation is a mess, I agree. Genuine thanks for polite response. Many people are rude for no reason.
I proudly served this nation for its core values and do many are misinformed I've been to socialized countries
Thanks for your service! Most Americans are unaware of the great sacrifices made by so many of our soldiers.
thank you much would do it again
The Russians are in your snail brain. I don't know what special blend 0-bama had the Dems smoking, too bad 4U
please provide us with specifics on the cyber attack, I'll wait...
Clueless, ComanChe. Your retarded elderly Douchenozzle candidate couldn't win with Russkie help, a 93% supportive media, and outspending Trump $10:1.

Cuz Americans don't like her . . . Or you.
#HePersisted   and Thank God he did!
If you can really prove that election's been hacked, can AMERICA install HRC as President? Please! I do hope so! @realDonaldTrump
why would that be a good thing? That witch is a lying sack of poo.
I don't understand why impeachment hasn't started? At the least an investigation. Russia helped  45 win
@Congress First they have to search& find a real offense, then sanction him OR start impeachment. Long strange trip.
um, Bill Clinton lied 1x & impeachment started!?? Trump has lied hundreds of times, violated civil liberties
Pam, UR right! 1 comedian said "We almost impeached a guy just 4 a BJ, but Trump rigged election w/Russia?
Where was your concern about evil Russia when Hillary approved sale of Uranium to Russians?
what does selling uranium have to do with Russia's involvement of meddling in the election?
All Russia did was expose Killer-y's lies and corruption! Wake up already!
why would I give a damn about Hillary that's past tense move on now we have to deal with tromp
your obviously a Libtard..........seeya!
You're full of it, lady. No evidence whatsoever and you need to stop. You sound like a bad radio soap opera.
quit spreading lies Liz...
and Trump knew about this in colluded with them. I have almost no doubt
What about 3 Muslim bros that hacked n2 USA national security (hired by Democrats)? Clinton gave Russia uranium.
that's all erroneous to them.  You can't let a little thing like fact interfere w/ ur agenda.
Sit down Lie-awatha... you are ridiculous, as usual
Thanks for weighing in, Vladimir #FakePatriots
yeah, #FakeIndians
by "Cyber-attacks" you mean 13 mean Facebook accounts?
boy Warren you are such a poor sport!! 
, Beth, is this all you have to do is bitch on here about everything ?
Your President Obama was in charge of the cyber attacks... 3 brothers in WH, FIRED!  Enjoy while you can 2018
@picklej1 @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump 

Intelligence Officials are sure that the Russians were behind the hacks.
A ridiculous tweet by a ridiculous senator.  Like the mainstream media, Russia didn't think Trump had a chance.
how the hell do you know?  More evidence points to Russia's meddling in the election than not
http://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/fake-news-is-rampant-even-under-tight-chinese-filters-1481134602 … it happens everywhere
@ezlusztig They bullied Hillary during campaign & she was right about a lot of things. Now you know why. #Rosneft
Stop lying Pocahontas.
voting machines are not connected to the Internet. How could Russia have "Hacked" our elections?
bullshit
keep it up senator!  We need truth!
No reports say that..None.
Even the Intelligence community you like to spout off about has said no influence occurred..
Such a liar..
I can't believe it can b so difficult 2 investigate. Graduate journalists could make their thesis this story!
Elizabeth Warren you are a complete joke to the American people. Go ahead run in 4 years, then you'll see. LMAO
smear fake news
Republicans are acting like they know the election was stolen. Not like they want the truth to come out.
A stolen election? U LIBS R comical. An inspiring singer wears a dress 2 the grammy's. Hits top sales on itunes & amazon next
everyone I know said, "hated it"! Don't fool yourself Trump isn't well liked forget love!
Do we have to count on foreign gov'ts to gather intel on illegal acts from this admin. We R in so much TROUBLE.
pocahontas  say how me no injuin me  just nuts
Hi poncahuntas Fake news tool of senility
Look whose baak from Russia.  It's DoringHaak!  Tovarisch!
@Russ_Warrior Another senior citizen struggling with senility, you & poncahuntas Wolfie?
Ah DoringHaak it's so good to have you back!  I LOVE your Moscow fur coat!
What's wrong the handouts not coming fast enough?
OMG, WikiLeaks says it was NOT Russians and those leaks are the only ones that may have helped the election.
Will you please drop this non-sense? You lost!!! deal with it! Stop complaining and do your job... Represent the people of MA.
Go do your job senator. The Russian charade party is over. You lost. It's over. Do your job. Tissue?
American patriots across the USA got Trump elected. Ur just pissed cause the media lied & said HRC would win
crazy lady. I'm not willing to enter another Cold War. A president is to keep some diplomacy w/ foreign govts
Get on some medication You Will Be Voted Out @foxandfriends @VP
CAN'T YOU JUST REALIZE YOU HAD THE WORST CANDIDATE IN US POLITICAL HISTORY? GO DO A RAIN DANCE.
It would be greatly appreciated by all if you Democrats stopped stalling - not doing your jobs. Focus on reality
neither is lying about your heritage as a Native American to gain a position. #fraud #hypocrisy
HA!  "Reports"?  What reports?  Where from?  This isn't a game.
Trump did more campaigning than any candidate before; Clinton lied and fell over.  Grow up.
idiot @realDonaldTrump
2 bad no valid proof Pocahontas.
warren we cant wait to vote you out please retire you Re hurting America
what does that mean, cyber attacks, none of the voting booths are hooked up to the internet.  Please explain.
we are sick of your BS. You are the worst senator
Didn't #BHO make it clear that no one could hack our elections? I guess EW actions prove BHO's word = BS! #MAGA
If Elizabeth would put this much energy in trying to improve this country she'd be a hell of a politician! #MAGA
claiming a fake claim of your ancestry isn't a game either
DNC fixed primaries for Clinton corporation DNC is priority to sort out otherwise DNC is deep in the Sugar
you are the biggest hypocrite of all, when leaks on Hillary all you cared about was leaks not info revealed
USA is fixing election all around world I did not hear you talking about it?
Lizzy, You are almost as repugnant as Hillary Clinton.
That's some stunt considering that electronic voting machines are closed circuit systems & NOT on the internet
Maybe the Russians sent coded messages via smoke signals.
Fake News, Fake President...I hope it's Real Jail!!
allegedly Russians did it, yet to see any proof. Yet you are tweeting all about it as if it is fact, like Flynn
According to FBI Hillary Clintons private server was most likely hacked by Russians where's ur outrage, JEZEBEL!
Stop acting like you speak for everyone...Americans voted and Trump won...quit your crying about it.
WELL NOW WE KNOW THE RUSSIANS HAVE GREAT TASTE DON'T WE LIZZIE???  
I never had a doubt. Trump is in this mess.
good , thank god they did
Pocahontas U R a sore looser.  Killary gave Russia 20% of U.S uranium. Investigate that!
.@SenWarren You mean the hack of DNC computers with the passwords "password" which was kinda stupid! You should resign! I@realDonaldTrump
Warren hey-yaah, hey-yaah hey. Warren's smoking the ole peace pipe again.
election should nullified
@Dr_of_Nursing @realDonaldTrump that's what I've been saying for months!  If he loved our country he would insist on an invtgn!
How? By exposing the REAL HRC? You had a corrupt candidate that wasn't trustworthy and YOU are NO better. #liar
Um....Ms Indian nut....no Russian forced me to vote for Trump. Show us the proof.
Reports? Where's the proof! Reports from fake news!
a what's not a game is your police state politics. You need to step down! This is America! # pathetic
whoever leaked it to media - prison is a good start and then purging the Intel agencies
why aren't you asking why was a civilians phone tapped by obama admin? FBI  will clear Flynn of any wrongdoing
@realDonaldTrumpSenator, is there any documents supporting the charge of Russian hacking? 17 security agencies, no docs. Show us
Poor Liz, she forgot her medication again!!
Would @SenWarren give a crap about Russia if Clinton had won?
I think illegals voted you in.
The things that you allowed Obama & HRC get away with is unthinkable.Your big mouth is a disgrace to women. What's in your past?
Wow, imagine all the info that would  surface about the Democrats rigging the primaries for Hillary....wow
2/2 Did they have personal ties to those suspected or convicted of sex/child sex offenses? Satanic rituals? ???
did they also call Americans deplorable? Did they sell out our govt positions to the highest bidders? 1/2
#TermLimitsNow
#notAGame #investigatetrump @jasoninthehouse #DoYourJob
and reports say that Hillary Clinton is crooked as hell!
you really need help mentally. This whole thing the Russians did it is really getting out of hand #warren2020
Reports? Or do u mean speculation?
there is no evidence any cyber attack interfered with voting or counts. U r a liar. They exposed dem corruption.
ur right this is no game! Its time to govern! Dems have sunk low enough so stop leaking
The election was not hacked. Hillary's illegal email server was and there is no proof Russia was involved
You lied to get Money & Power @SenWarren!!! Are you planning on resigning!!! You do nothing for us in MA except Lie...

@realDonaldTrump
who votes these assholes in??? I'm offended as a redsox fan.
How
Hey Warren explain how you have a salary of 174,00 per year but 15 million in worth is that new math cheater
hint the voting machines are not hooked to the internet you need to change the sim card MANUALLY on each one
Actually the Russians are responsible for the Clinton popular vote that's where the corruption was
You really are a NUT! Why don't you take your money & go live on a reservation! Oh wait, you lied!! You're not Indian..
reports from who make believe news @CNN or @CNBC if you are recipient of classified leaked report you should be prosecuted w/mole
#fakenews
@fbi has already said this is #bullshit. Crawl back in your teepee, #Fauxcahontas.
I'm a registered democrat & I voted 4 TRUMP and no Russian made me do it you &people like you the failed dem. Party did #demexit
Keep dreaming Cuckoo Clock..  There is ZERO proof .. I say we investigate how you got rich while being a Senator
You are psychotic. Just stop your hate.
President has something to hide.When does the investigation begin?Why is Congress so afraid of Bannon/Trump team
got proof princess
Forget the election with all due respect @SenWarren  I & millions of Americans deserve to know what R has on DJT
You still crying cause you didn't get what you wanted 
CONSPIRACY THEORY FROM OUT OF YOUR BACKSIDE REGIONS LOL
I thought you were silenced LIZ.  Pease stay quiet YE grandstanding anti Sacajawea
This is as big a lie as your claim to be Native American @realDonaldTrump
when are you going to realize it wasn't who hacked it was content! You cry racist and those emails were racist
Stop lying, witch!
Hogwash.  #NASTYWOMENLOSE
for real you sad excuse for a political figure give it up we voted for Trump it's time you except it.
Warren you're about as believable as your Indian heritage.
I wonder how you ever got ever got elected, maybe it was with help from the Russions. Hum
Under OBAMA's watch. Where was Obama's national security team on that. Securing safe spaces perhaps?
so what will DOJ do now?
Yet there remain not one once of solid evidence to even back what your saying. Why is that Senator. ?
please send proof. Thanks, mgmt
Elizabeth, get over it and move on. You sound like a whiny brat who can't get past that you lost. You are a flea
@roxaneschmidt @realDonaldTrump Keep Going! Fight!
How will you handle it Liz when that finger pointing @the GOP gets turned back on you? You know this is the LEFT
but Obama said the election couldn't b hacked. Plus lets see some proof.
Then we should follow @POTUS lead and take a close look at voter fraud. I'm sure you would agree, no?   #maga
@Eric_Alterman How is this allowed to happen? Republicans are looking the other way, betraying our country.  Stand up patriots!
. This IS a game for you libtards,very sad. Why don't you call Janet Napolitano, she needs a date for the dance.
: Complete lie. As long as u believe that u will never be President.
sure princess moon bat. You say Trump should stay off twitter.
blah blah blah.  Dem party imploding.
Umm, who had overall responsibility for the cyber security of our election? @realDonaldTrump
 Nut bag. Probably member of @OFA  Fascist Domestic Terrorist Organization. @realDonaldTrump
This already blew up in your faces.
If HRC and her staff wasn't so dirty then the hacking would not have been impactful. Clean up your party!
Senator continuing to lie. You should be removed from office immediately for giving the public misinformation.
Like all Liberals you claim no accountability for your own actions, but expect it when it doesn't serve your purpose.
@kidslovebeer @realDonaldTrump lmao where were you when the #DNCVoterFraud happened? Shut it you 
If there is undeniable proof why isn't this Troll in front of a firing squad? He's fired!
THERE HAS BEEN NO EVIDENCE!!!! Investigate please! Find the actual source and evidence not Gossip
sounds like the #So-calledPresident should exercise extreme vetting in his cabinet.
This is a blatant lie!  You know it and we know it. The only bad egg is you.
sad to say but I feel we are doomed. Trump will bring the destruction of our states what can we do we are scared
Take a walk lady. I noticed ZERO CONDEMNATIONS of Hillary TAKING MILLIONS from foreign gov't. Pitiful, pathetic.
you are a kook. You and Trump, both complete kooks.
prove it
Keep up ur dirty work we see thru u ppl not a heart for the ppl or our country shameful
You are correct... So, stop playing your damn games, or resign...
so telling the truth about @HillaryClinton caused her to loose the election...speaks for its self.
lol, Dems too stupid to protect their corruption.  Cry wolf when they get exposed. Laughable!
You are Right This is NOT A GAME at what point will someone Step Up and do Something
well it was a game up until Dems lost this election
Give me a source Warren! you cant spread this kind of blatant propaganda with no actual facts! News doesnt count
If we could only get to collusion we could wrap this puppy up
You are a PROVEN liar. You have ZERO credibility. Every time you talk we don't know if it is lie or truth. Just, do your job!

fact is it just proved Hillary is a corrupt liar.  Had nothing to do with the elections.
Literally NO ONE takes you seriously Fauxcahontas... it is true- Your lying is EPIC
middle America knows the truth we know our president is with middle America--why aren't you?
Considering majority of country still on paper ballots, how exactly would a "cyber" attack do anything?
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump use your power to do something, and tell us what to do. Im from Lodi California, how can I help?
Those attacks revealed the true nature of the dems.If the truth helped elect Trump,what does that say about you?
Not to put too fine a point on it, Senator, but this is a bare-faced lie…
Trump is a #PutinPuppet
Warren you are a fraud and a thief. No one is interested in your nonsense
I pray this is the beginning of the end for a truly horrendous group of hucksters.
