If you continue to fight for us, we will all be broke. Please stop.
You'd think someone who claimed to be a lawyer would be above lies and identity politics. You'd think. @mandacounsel @SenWarren
when will that actually start? No one has helped working families and middle class folks in a long time!
you had eight long long yrs to do something! Anything! And did nothing, so move over!
you're a joke Warren. You double the cost of my healthcare you take more from my pay and say you help me?

Do you use roads, will you be getting medicare, do you like having a military? Those are all roles of government in your life.
Medicare was the beginning of the end. Prior to Medicare (& for a decade after it began) EVERYONE rcv'd medical care
U unconstitutional Dems can't do a damn thing LOL! UR party has KILLED working families. Thanks commies...
Losing 1000 seats is a bit more than rearranging of furniture. Try again yourself. #SuperMajority2018
You liberals only fight for yourselves and line your pockets! You are the deplorable ones!
That should have been something you were doing all along instead of playing politics
@DemWarRoom
we need you senator warren.
Does that include but not limited to rearrangingURbloodline4status quo or rearranging a pedophilia logo
Problem is, Dems lost because they weren't fighting for working families to begin with. Next...
When did they ever start Chief?
Don't you ever shut up?
only one fighting for working families is DONALD TRUMP
working families rejected democrats widely over the last 10 years. Your policies killed the middle class
I'm with you!
Can the GOP stoop any lower?
bring a lawn chair!
Don't sit down. Keep up the good fight, @SenWarren! Your voice is needed now more than ever.
You never fought for American families, every shit hole in America is run by Dems you just talk talk talk about it.
where the hell have the Dems been the last 8 yrs. Sure haven't been fighting for families
What is the rush all of a sudden?
@MomsDemand @co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 #IRS #Veterans Love Family & Country? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZU5S4GOkUA …
dont forget about your mainstay. Non working families. We've got the working ones covered
only thing you have fought for are ways to tax more and more of our income & give it to non workers.
comforting to know you have our backs
the Progressive movement is finally OVER GOD BLESS AMERICAAND OUR NEW PRESIDENT DONALD JOHN TRUMP
give this mantra up! You have proven time and again you dems only support special interest not hard working families
you have done nothing for the people while in congress. Go back to your million $ mansion with the rest of the elites
FIGHTING TO KEEP UR OWN POWER
Warren you and ur corrupt Dems sold the American workers short. Gave all the jobs away to fill ur pockets
You all are relentless!  The people love it!  Keep your strength.
Thanks for asking the tough questions in all the confirmation hearings.
you tweet more than trump
Get out of the way Liz! The GROWN UPS have work to do!
stay strong you were awesome!
y u always so mad bro
What have YOU done for working families???
Your tweets are boring.. Step it up, less negative bs, you are no Trump Tweeter.
Keep fighting, please.
You should worry more about your own lack of class and dignity than the seating arrangements, yesterday was embarrassing display.

-Warren is a pathetic little communist just like Sanders -who actuly lived in #RUSSIA !!
got it.
God bless you, Senator Warren. You are an inspiration to the American people, along with the American dream.
Ok so someone update me? They moved furniture??
thank you @SenWarren
you sold us out! Sit down, shut up and collect your corporate kick backs from the @DNC. Trust and respect is gone!
you lost... And will lose more in 2018
Senator Warren, do you really think your policies help?  Think Again!
Only a CLINTON can make Dems fight for #PowerToThePower! ;)
#TheClintonShadowGovernmenr


There will b many tragic stories that come from their actions, we need them to own it!
Clown. #MAGA
you are phenomenal. So proud of your or questions to the nominees. Stay strong!
Wow did you look like an a_ _ hole not shaking Betsy DeVos's hand. No class at all !!!
please do not stop fighting for us. Please and thank you
the working class is at their worst spot in decades thanks to @SenateDems
the definition of class is showing stylish excellence! You showed none as a senator not shaking hands!
work with them if u can, but stand ur ground. Let them fail if u must. As always we'll fix it later.
Go back to your old job

Regardless of your best efforts all candidates will be approved.Talking about petty you are the champ.
You forgot one little thing pocahonta dems are irrelevant, 51 votes need only. Tanks Harry R!
Yea, good one Chief. Now show us how to work with the president all us working class families elected
It is devastating to see that only a handful of honorable individual such as yourself have our backs!!!
haha you have not realized it yet. WE THE WORKING PEOPLE NO LONGER BELIEVE YOUR LIES. THATS WHY YOU LOST
Thank you Sen Warren for all that you do and fight for.
rearrange them mom!
Game on, Pocahontas.
don't think u can discredit any nominee with ur history, ur a speed bump and can't stop anything by by Liz
You calling others petty when you don't have the manners or class to shake someone's hand. Typical.
Thank you so much Senator for everything you do, everything you fight for to make peoples lives better.
;Re: Warren's poorly conceived positions, the furniture she's been rearranging has been on the Titanic.
give them hell Warren!
I am a HARD working family. Just shut up and get out of our lives. Go back to your teepee.
Rude during hearings. What r u teaching our children/?HOW OLD R U?
u have done nothing but use ur LOUD MOUTH!
Do me a favor, don't work for me.
You slayed it today! Stay the course...
one woman dares stand up to Trump's sexual predatory behavior
your petty display of partisanship and hypocracy today, was exactly why your party is at its lowest point in decades
you should've shook her hand. Some of her goodness might've rubbed off on your scummy butt.
Senator Warren I hope so.
blue it out your ear.
Thank you for being a voice of reason among all the "noise".
@discjocke52 @SenateDems @SenateGOP drinking again?
senator warren thinks she above all of us here to tell her she is at the bottom of the pile
Yeah, "fighting" for redistribution & special interest groups, but accomplishing nothing for decades.
have you cashed you six figure check from teaching on course at Harvard yet??? #tuitionfraud
Dont' worry lol!  Americans by and large, are FINISHED with the games in D.C.  TRUST THAT.
Senate GOP: Pettiness and Ignorance is your legacy. #Sad
wake up. You do not speak for all America
Lizzy I'm sure the working families of Detroit are thrilled ur working for them #FordMustang
The American people have spoken. Your failed policies have been rejected. Time to fix your mess and Make America Great Again!
so now u working for working class families? We're y'all been the past 8 yrs? It's worse now that dems in power
thank you fir fighting for us!!!! #resist
Working families need regulation nation off our backs. We need a tax break, not more bull from the left.

funny you bring up if @BetsyDeVos  got any loans,  when you got a free ride for being "Native American"
how can i help
then make insurance AFFORDABLE and low deductibles!  Premiums are outrageous!
I know you took a lot of money from working families for the #ACA
The Dems have not even considered working families in any recent memory
You are not nice. Show some class.
keep fighting i know youre doing the right thing!
Senator Warren, you are a hero to the people. You fight for us when no one else will. Thank you!
you dems are not for working families you are only cater to the rich celebs and elite. Plz
Thank You
I agree. O class and petty. Grow up, do your job and take care of the little people. They put u in office.
we must get out and vote midterm elections. They are very important though some people don't think so, big mistake!
maybe if the @senatedems had this much fight in them for the last 8 years, they could have done stuff.
I'll shake to that. No you won't stoop that low, sorry.
. Now, start talking about midterm elections. Aside from impeachment, the only way to fight back. Vote, all Democrat!
you should have told Mr price that the GOV: PUT!
Martha Stewart in jail for a insider phone
CALL
To quote your fearless leader (until noon Friday) in 2010 to Eric Cantor: "Elections have consequences; you lost; get over it."
Sen Warren you stand between freedom & dictatorship. Freedom of speech & censorship est, Don't stop, ever
@koleham  The only thing Dems have done over the last 8 years is to increase the plantation!
Racists are stuck on stupidity Pestilence in society degenerates spreading hatred R losers
so mad bc u did not get cabinet position since @HillaryClinton loss.
So much for non working families.
Pocahontas is POWERLESS.
Wicked Witch of the East made money off the backs of poor. Biggest liar in Massachusetts
Thank you for your fight. #blueinaredstate
if you actual fought for families that statement might hold water.
your as out of touch as hillary. not electable.
You do realize that the majority of Americans left and right see you as a far left kook ?
Since when have Dems fought for the wkng ppl. Espsly you? What have you done except try to steal fm others
you are the best!!!  Stay strong!
thank you Senator Warren!
In detail please.....what exactly have Senate Dems DONE for us working families????????
You are the reason i will no longer support any Democratic Party at all. Pocahontas is a LIAR
fight for our rights. Should be boycott inauguration. They say pushing appt through Senate take a stand
You democrats are done. Sit down and shut up. It's time for an adult conversation. #MAGA
in 2 years we must retake the Senate and by 4 the house
Lizzy. Only thing u work for lining ur damn pockets. #LiberalScum #Socialist #Vile #DisgustingHumanBeing
You are truly inspiring @SenWarren!  You and the rest of @SenateDems are killing it!  Keep fighting the good fight!
#Trollinfestation in this comment field. That's a good sign. They're stirred. You go, @SenWarren!
Keep fighting for us Elizabeth Warren!  We stand with you.
I support Senator Warren! Thanks for all you do!
Then they American people will just have to vote every democrat out of office.
You Dems are incapable of learning the American will. 1000+ lost seats - either change or go extinct.
they'll be taking advantage of your "only need 51 votes law"
You're toast
Thank you for standing up for "we the People"
I don't want you anywhere near MY working family!!  You don't deserve the seat you're in.
give it up.  everyone knows your full of it.
http://dailysignal.com/2017/01/13/why-obamacares-20-million-number-is-fake/ …
you already jacked up our HC costs, please no more help!
Thank youDEMOCRATS! For asking the tough but needed questions! Please don't confirm unqualified nominees!
You haven't and that's why you lost. Keep patting yourself on the back and ignoring us & you'll lose again
Can't go low enough. Must be in the GOP DNA
thank you for being our voice at theses hearings. We need this representations.
you're the queen of petty Pocahontas
I  like  your  style- keep up the good work
Pffftt, you are spineless. Do something to clean upper the DNC instead of trying to gain cheap points on T
