Today, @HouseGOP are voting to make it legal for employers to cheat workers out of overtime. It's a disgrace.
Americans are fed up with a Washington that works great for giant companies but kicks hardworking people in the teeth.
Help us @SenWarren ! Your our only hope!
That's fn sad dude. Wtf
She sure seems to rile you guys up, so she must be doing something right. 
She is doing something right ok destroying America from within. What are actual accomplishments that have made lives easier for constituents
If you think she's the problem, and not the guy in the white house, I don't really think we have anything to discuss.
The @GOP keeps revealing their slimy colors.
@nursiegal75 @HouseGOP
Then filibuster it.
yeah,  because the last filibuster worked out so well  ! They just change the rules as they go  !
Don't use the filibuster because they will take it away? If they take it away when you use it, you don't have it to begin with.
Hey #RedCaps...this is what you wanted when voting for the GOP and Trump. Most of you work long hard hours. Now we all get to be cheated.
Clearly you can't read. Its optional. Sometimes time off is more important. 

Choices. You clearly want to take something away.
Making stupid comments about President Obama & his speaking "fee" is so DUMB, he is a citizen & not in office,FOCUS on the corruption @POTUS
Gutting us poor Americans who worked hard payed our taxes and play by the rules. I feel sorry for our children's future.
It's okay for Gov't employees but not Civ sector? If govt employee comp time earned isn't taken within a year, it gets paid as OT.
and our OT is capped so it isn't always time and a half.
Its a choice between OT or comp time its done at the state level for many years... screwballs!
We must keep fighting this fight and get the Republicans out of office
You cheated working class families out of their homes for a quick buck.
get off subject much  ?
Reality single Moms in CA lose pay since OT is over 8 hrs a day.  Mom can not make up time caring for kid, lose pay
It's ok, i hope the EMPLOYERS, have good lawyers. I'll sue my employer, to the last penny if i gave to
If they change the law, you will lose in court! Judges have to follow the law!
I will lose in court? The negativity, plz unfollow.
I am sorry
 I don't want it to pass either. Just stating the facts! Will do!
Every single time they are in power, the GOP tries to gut the Fair Labor Standards Act.
in CA, mom needs to take 2 hrs off for sick kid, has to use vac.sick time when all used up has to go without pay.  Now will be get paid
You tell yourself that, it's an irrelevant attempt at justification.  This is nothing more than one more thing to screw over working people.
My wife and both kids been working comp time instead paid OT for yrs and love it.  My wife gets 8 weeks yr paid off for comp + 4 weeks vac
At 4.4 per cent unemployment if a worker feels cheated they quit it's not 1970s
So a bill that give workers a choice is bad? Because we are to weak or stupid to make our own decisions?
I work overtime every week, this bill is utterly ridiculous. No incentive for me to continue working more than 40 hours.
you do know that federal workers have had comp time vs OT, right?  It's not a bad thing. It helps to have leave avail
I work overtime and I see this as giving me the option to have more PTO or more $, correct? Sometimes time is more important.
Stop lying to these gullible fans of yours. They might kill themselves with your bull crap
Only thing Pelosi if we gutted you all we would find is bull crap.
I really don't see it that way.
You're SUCH a liar! The bill gives workers a CHOICE to get O.T. or take addt'l vacation time. Workers pick what THEY WANT. It's a great plan
America is becoming like a dystopian novel.
Stop LYING Fauxcahontas. Comp time is helpful to working families who need more time to care for kids but still get a paycheck. #maga
Have you ever worked a real job? Are you lying on purpose?
how is cheating workers out of overtime if you give workers the option  to accrue even more time off? In the end, choice for the workers.
So when I did get paid overtime it was as straight hourly rate, but taxed at my maximum bracket.job let you take it as comp time  I loved it
Since you never had a real job or real business you do NOT understand how beneficial this is to many people.
if get paid overtime it was as straight hourly rate, but taxed at my maximum bracket.My last job let me take it as comp time and I loved it.
those whom are pro illegal/globalist should cut own pension so cost of living,operating,healthcare goes down like that 300k la raza police
all on tax payer salary that are pro illegal so cut their own pensions so healthcare/living/operating cost goes down.lobbyist favor illegal
....as an employee that extra time off was GR8. As an employer, it meant no extra costs. As usual, UR politicking with no actual knowledge.
Who gave you permission to tell these people the truth? You know they don't like that.
How old RU Senator? U don't remember when this was normal? I can. It used 2B a tit 4 tat employee/employer agreed 2...
Pocahontas,how many lies have you gotten caught in? @HouseGOP
Cheating them out of what?  Get time off they worked for?  As if you understand our problems. #PleaseStop
Ditto!
Looks like the employee will have a choice of time off or the overtime pay.
Secretary Clinton was right: deplorable! Thank you, Senator Warren!
Omission of truth is still a lie. You list a left wing article. Try picking a news source that is unbiased.
President bush and 1936 wants to 
George Washington president donald trump
President bush and 1936 wants to 
George Washington president Barack obama
They have been doing so for years, called promoting them
The are The People's Enemy! #Pigs all across, not one w/integrity nor who gives a shit about the modern day slaves of America! #votethemout
The most stupid choice ever...do they even take into consideration people depend on OT..not paid leave? Jackasses
Millions of American families depend on overtime inside their household..enough of this President protecting corporations.
#impeachtrumpnow
I am retired, so this doesn't affect me, but it affects my kids and their families~I'm furious!!!
I read the bill, and either you didn't or you're a damn liar.  It does nothing of the sort.
Stop this "cheating" the poor! Get out and vote these republicans out of office!
Paul Ryan is an awful boy.
Why dont you paint the whole picture? Employees will have option of OT pay or time off. Damn Dems always embellishing,   giving half info.

When you have any idea what real "fly-over" working families want I'll listen till then shut up!  #delusional #hypocritical #progressive
Hey Lizzy! Y don't you lower taxes for working families and end the Clinton SS tax on Seniors? Explain!
But this is EXACTLY what PUBLIC SECTOR EMPLOYEES GET AND YOU KEPT YOUR GAPING MAW SHUT?
@SenWarren the bill requires employers & employees agree on pay or comp time. Where's the cheat? What am I missing? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1180/text …
It's called FREE labor! Employers will take advantage! They will make them work, work and impossible to take the time off.We're not suckers.
GOP really doesn't care about those that aren't already set for life.  It is a heartless party that needs another a rebuke at the poles.
I hope those who voted for trump will have to donate their ot to their employer, it sucks for the rest of us
Giving employers control over paying you comp time versus overtime is a disgrace !
Comptime? no! No!! NO!!! That's easily abused fraud! Here's how to do it: http://IClast.net/Articles/Overtime.html …
But Obama is getting paid $400,000 by Wall Street. Liz, get your sides straight. You've lost my vote.
I agree with you on this!
HAVE. U. NO SHAME @HouseGOP
They do not have a clue about the average American-like me-who could lose my home if I didn't receive overtime pay
Hey Warren how come you taught only one class a day at Harvard and charged $400,000 dollars that besides lying to get the job.
My OT can ONLY be paid in time, not cash.   And I work for the govt.
Big time disgrace that affects working families nationwide. #We fight back.
Who in the fuck they think they are and fling qith people's lives and money.   They forget that 2018 is around the corner.
how does allowing workers to opt into PTO instead of overtime pay hurt families?
Hey @SenWarren did you actually read the article you tagged?  It states "workers would have the option" QUIT LYING! No cheating to workers.
Are you fucking kidding me? If I work extra hard, I want to get PAID extra hard. Not time off. Even at 1:1 ratios, this bill CHEATS workers.
It's absolutely a disgrace! I live in the real world and people are hurting financially.
Since Obama created the 30 hour work week a lot of people work 30 or less. But Thanks for playing!
A lot of people like myself rely on Overtime pay. This is going to kill the American spirit in our workforce population.
#GOP #SenWarren #Resistance #lies
More lies from Pocahontas.  It actually gives you choice to time off or time & 1/2. Stop Lying to fool the Am people
Socialism for all. Everyone same pay. Warren does not even adhere to equal pay for women. Just takeover companies.
By all means point out flaws in the bill, but let's not use the "Death Panels" tactic. We are better than that.
I read the bill. I am pretty liberal. My understanding is that the employee has to consent to this arrangement and it's illegal to coerce.
Rep. Rodgers comment is disingenuous!  The control rests with the employer, not the employee.  More $ for the HAVES!
The reality is employees earn comp time instead of pay, have limited time to use it then lose it because they aren't permitted time off.
Yes, why give employees the choice of OT or comp time? Why do you hate giving people a choice?
How are they cheating people by giving them paid time off. It taking any money away at all. Quit whining about nothing
I asked for this years ago and was told it was against the law. I LIKE having this option. How much vaca do you get? Bet is more than me
coming from u who has 10 mil in assets. u are so out of touch with the average American, need flexibility in work
That's because there's no Federal labor laws that regulate PTO.  Many PTO  days have no $ value and can be eliminated by Emps at will
As a Vietnam era Veteran-I think all of Congress needs their incomes slashed to state minimums like $7 an hr to $9 hr
Next will be the outlawing of all unions.
This is outrageous. Many people rely on that overtime pay to make ends meet. What a nice gift to employers. Time off but no pay.
When U have MANDATORY overtime, miss ur kids recitals, baseball games, etc.& then THEY decide when U go home early, sucks! Done it b4! #Fail
Theoretically, an employer could make me work 60 hrs/week, deferring time off until the end of the year, & then fire me before I receive it.
If the choice between OT & Comp Time (time & 1/2) is up to the employee, what's the problem?
#prochoice
THATS WHY UNIONS ARE LEGAL IN THE USA, THATS WHAT UNIONS ARE FOR-GROW UP ALREADY LADY!
DoJ is headed  by racist so what do expect from them
Speak for yourself Senator Warren as an employee I would rather have the time off than the overtime pay
Speak for yourself too. If I’m working extra hours then I want extra money! Can’t pay bills with time off
I am speaking for myself not everybody is in your boat and not everybody is in mine
Hey Tomahawk girl!  Those who wish not to work overtime do not have to.  I'd love paid time off!
Hey Snowflake!  Started working at age12.  When I needed more $$, I changed jobs.  Got a college degree and paid my own way.  Get out of NY!
Senator, You are so wrong on this issue.  This offers flexibility for employers AND workers.
this!!! smh who are these ppl?
how am I cheated if I work 50 hrs & get paid 40 hrs & the next week I work 30 hrs & get paid 40 hrs
#DidYouFlunkMath #FakeNews #Pocahontas
Involuntarily working for no pay -- isn't that called SLAVERY?
This is a lie
Hey Liz...those of us working for NON PROFITS can't always afford to be paid overtime. Why force a law on everyone - give orgs an option
that is NOT true! Who runs your household? Your children or you?
Bottom line, not good for ppl who need OT pay. If your boss choosing paying OT or another comp time, who gets offered hours first?
My husband's company has been giving PTO instead of OT for years. No one's getting cheated.   #pantsonfire #fakeahontas
Does this apply to employers that have manditory over time policies. This could turn 40 hours into 70 and unemployment insurance redundant.
When I offer to work overtime it is because I desperately need the money.Obviously I already HAVE the time. Or I wouldn't have time to work!
Shame, shame, shame. You go, Ms. Warren.
Is this a state-by-state issue? I'm fairly certain this is already in effect some places in WI... (obviously that doesn't make it ok)
The @GOP craves slavery.
if you think it is so bad, why aren't working to get rid of it for public-sector employees? that's right bc you are a union shill
@SenWarren you don't have a clue how this law actually hurt more Americans than it helped. Office workers will have flexibility again!
they aren't getting cheated, they are being given the choice, get a day off, or take the money
Link to vote tallies in house?
Impeachment
I was a cop for 9 years, and had the choice: paid time off or OT. What's your problem with that? What "cheating" are you talking about?
Come on DC fight for us middle and lower classes! We need that!!
Mixed feelings.. overtime is great, but my husband does not get sick time AND vacation time,  works for defense contractor
well, now I'm confused. I thought Pres. Obama said it was GOOD to spend more time w/ family? Doesn't this offer choice?
Robbing the needy to make rich Richer
Just because the private sector can offer the comp it doesn't mean that the employee has to take it. They have the choice of comp or OT.
Employer also has right to grant said time off. That's gonna end well for the employee
That's complete bullshit Liz, it's at the employees option.
Nice try.
How exactly does this #MAGA? Well, #TrumpTrain? Do you really think that employers should be able to steal your money?
Do not let this happen b
Being forced to use our paid time off hours to just receive our regular pay. This is what all employers will do instead of overtime pay.
Its a great plan to give time off instead of overtime pay  many people love this idea i would much rather have a paid day off instead of ot
You say GOP, I say disgrace
We have to use PTO money to make up for the cancellation or flexed hours so we don't have short checks. So this way, were actually...
Employees should be paid for their time
I'll tell you exactly what will happen with these PTO hours. I am a hospital therapist and hospital wide we get cancelled and flexed..
It appears NC state employees have been cheated of due compensation by the state for years according to @SenWarren @SEANC2008
You'd think conservatives and democrats could agree ALL people should be paid for their overtime, not decided by the employer. Or choice.
My employer quit offering me extra time over my 40 hours for regular pay b/c of this rule.
Unbelievable - people who do overtime should be paid! Many of us work extra because we have to not want to! Time off is not compensation!
Employers do not want to pay workers. Slaves.
Did the comp thing had to fight to get the day off I wanted and they complained they were short. Not my problem. Not fair to the workers!
This bill would be bad for working America. It's just another example of the republicans serving the wealthy.
: Gone are the days of strong Unions that would never allow such
This is disgusting
Are you kidding me the small business man is just trying to make a living like all of us,you people keep putting small business out
Americans are some of the most overworked people we can use paid comp time
I don't want to work lots of extra hrs for overtime I like the flexibility of paid comp time your horrible
I love the idea of paid time to spend with my family take care of personal business & leisure what's wrong w/you we aren't slaves
The overwhelming majority of Americans are employees, so why do employers decide? Let the employees decide! #RiseUp
And that would help everyone, most worker just want to work.....
Why don't you donate your $400K salary from Harvard to the poor #hypocrite
About overtime pay he could give more hours
I just want to work, and not get my hours cut when I get around 35 hour I don't care about over time pay , if my boss didn't have to worry
Unfortunately, when U strengthen our rights, we see companies make-do with less help, thereby increasing the workload on the individual.
It is not cheating, would you like companies to be bankrupt,  instead of giving payed time off to workers?
If workers are given the choice, it's good. Right now, they don't have the option to spend more time w family.
A day off doesn't buy milk or bread with comp time although paid day off us great.  Just another way Republicans keep tax payers oppressed!!
Exactly...why pay employees 1.5 hours in overtime pay when you can instead give them 1-1 Comp Time for use later on.
My x company decided to use days like that around holidays when they used to get them off anyway
I have actually been asking for this for years.  To earn more free time to pursue other outside interests would be very ideal.
#Liberals don't work anyways, they just take from the people who do, so why all the fuss
some people don't want comp time. They want time and a half pay to make ends meet.  Time off with no money= more stress
My wife already gets cheated out of her overtime. She is a government employee. It's ok for government to do this but not private business?
keep fighting for us!
And spend more quality time with my family
I like it as it gives me time to get a side part time job
And what's really sad is that they will lose most of their overtime in the new year. People are already scared about taking time off.
What can we do to help stop this bill from passing and robbing us of the money we work hard for?
