More simple questions will u pay back $ u defrauded from Harvard U? Y did u campaign 4 Hilary, knowing she laundered $ through DNC?
You need to Come Clean on how Your a Millionaire on a Government Salary? Stop Lying to We the Taxpayers, Lobbyists Own You!!
Simple q, what nationality are you today? And Hillary won't give you the answer to this question
It is not against the law to meet with Russians it is however against the law to exchange money with them for lies!!!!
It’s a simple question- is Donna throwing Hillary under the bus?
It's a simple q:  were you aware of the DNC rigging of the 2016 election by Hillary?
You should be asking your friend #crookedHillary
So buying Russian intelligence is ok .. I guess you can deal with Russia if you pay for it
Hope you asked Hillary this question because as it turns out she and the DNC actually paid Russians for a fake dossier to get Obama to use for fisa warrants to spy on Americans to insure she win and then she still lost. #Winning
The answer is No. You should check out You Tube on "Blackbox Voter!"
Not that I no of, before this election I was messed up(still am a little) but no I don't believe so, other then them show n up for peanut
@mike22p and the answer is very simple to trump and his flunkies: LIE.
Nope that is quoted wrong and he answered EXACTLY in the confines of the questioned posed to him. You are such a POS
Breaking News: Kremlin Spokesman: Russian Ambassador Also Met with Clinton Campaign
no but I'm sure in your silly head you've been contacted
how many Democrats met with Russian ambassador during the election. Did they discuss the election?
It's a simple question are you part Indian
so more craziness from the great elephant in the WH. At what point does the GOP finally throws in the towel.
Obama set up one of the meetings. It had nothing to do with election.
I know I haven't but I am beginning to think I am the only one.
Never seen a Whitehouse with such contraversy. Liars, perjurers, alternative facts? Hope they come crumbling down one by one
that was not the question..  he answered the question asked...
Lizzy! What is your response to the proofed fact that Pelosi, Hilary n senate minority leader made bucks from Russia to date?
Its a simple question, your either real native american or not!
So, wait...the actual word used in thewas "about", not "during"? Then, "No", is probably a very truthful answer. #fakenews
Hey Liz; that WAS NOT the question. Did you miss the actual question? Apparently
That question was not asked. Did you RSVP for Mr.  Pagliano's Grand Jury appearance? Jason Chaffetz said it will be epic!
Obama and many other democrats have been. Obama is the worse Pres.He is a hypocrite and a liar. Sorry you trust him & support him
Funny how when danger is near, the memory is SOOOO CLEAR! He needs to roast. All shld be held accountable, theyre all grown ups!
and he gave a truthful answer.   Not your lies to get college money
Except that's not tge question he was asked, and you know it.
Why are you not more worried about the corruption that was exposed in the democratic party?  Or are you part of that too?
That wasn't the question he was asked though!
how many democratic have foreign government connection through out their campaigns, simple Q
I did not have sexual relations with that country!  Lol
Yes he did, just like some have to sucure the keystone pipe line
it's simple did you live on a reservation? #resign
he should be tossed out like all the liars ! My mom (rip) would say God has mysterious ways !!!!
except it was followed by about the campaign. Makes the question totally different.
And he hadn't. You're a f*cking lying SOS
Exactly!
he answered NO because the meeting & conversation had nothing to do with the election -duh ! Sen Warren -
WHERE was your outrage when NDI DirJamesClapper LIED under oath to Congress @ NSA SPYING on Americans…
I'll wait 
ummmm, no? Wait, what was the question? OH!! Russia! I thought you said Prussia!!!
Natives' simple?? Where the hell are you & @TheDemocrats ? #NoDAPL #standingrock Following graverobber #Schumer?
The PGIC, #PsychoTrump is using reverse psychology as only he knows how
STOP WASTING TAXPAYERS MONEY ON YOUR WITCH HUNTS. GET OVER IT... DEMOCRATS LOST!
who cares?
it's a simple q:  "r u part of the Cherokee tribe"  Y or N
simple, unless your trying to come up with a good cover up!
need to ask without specifying what convo was about.
and it was not a meeting persay he was with other senator when this happened you are just a sad desperate person
as a Trump sar he did not have any knowledge because that was the question not have you as a senator
as a senator I'm sure you have meet with Russian ambassadors too I heard the tapes and watched the video he answered the q.
Yeah, like Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Shumer
abba dabba dabba dabba dabba dabba
Center warn you need to get over it and start doing your job for the tax payers because I'm getting tired of this
Sen You Ate Smart Outstanding " Lady"  The Light Is @ End Of Tunnel
did not know Democrats were this hatefull. Democracy hijacked by reptilians. Looks like "DSA", the "Desunited States of America".
@okinaga2000 I think you all are paranoid!!  Get on with business to help the people andquittrying tofind aconspiracy everywhere.
@okinaga2000 n
Is this why McConnell was so hot to make you shut up?Maybe Mitchie has some explaining to do.He wants his agenda at any costs.
If he supposedly cannot understand Sen.Franken's question,how the hell can he be attorney general?Liar liar pants afire!!!
it's simple fire him for perjury
Apparently your buddy Chuck Schumer was caught in pic cozying up to Putin.  You are all hypocrites.
GRRRRRR........the big guys are in collusion. that's why mcconnell mistreated you so!!
and he said no which was a truthful answer
read your own tweet. He answered the q: please move on. do your jobs Dems and Rep. Citizens are getting tired of this tit for Tat
@MatthewModine she's a rock star in Boston!
Lock their Asses Up!!!!
The Trump Administration have been Blown out of the Water & they gotta go!!
contact and contact about campaign are two different monkeys in different trees!!!
and dont nlame it on the Russians which is BS it is American officials doing this who are ANTI AMERICAN!!
what is important and NOT fake news is the leaks putting Americans security at risk!! Find the culprits and REMOVE  them NOW!!
He lied under oath. Then he denied he lied. Unsuitable to serve as U.S. Attorney General. He MUST GO! Period!
Lies destroy all but no excuses, if that what the people want, 51% he will leave
Hey Liz, they r not going to B truthful.1 lies and all the others sware it to b the truth. I am so sickened by this, REALLY!!
and he answered Correctly stop trying to harm a GOOD man!
How many refugees have u invited to  live with you in that mansion?! I'm sorry, what was that? NONE? Liz, that is hypocritical
Yes the admin has I have seen it with my own eyes dare you to call me a lier
Did you punish Hillary & Barack for making pay to play deals with foreign govs  Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch?
why u mad Liz?! You weren't upset when ur buddy Hill sold Uranium to Russia, u didn't care when she lied under oath bout emails!
You're the BEST!
Session showed the guilt inside him answering to franken
And The Simple Answer Is NO!
No, there are words of more than one syllable in question. #ThatIdiotTrump & henchmen find that + truth to be way too difficult.
it is fake news. He talked to Russian amb as a Senator related to duties that had nothing to do with 2016 election. Stop the lies
answer: the communication I have had with Russia, as a sitting senator was not regarding the campaign. #truth
well to be fair, the US did defeat them in Afghanistan with Pakistan's help. There are other ways to win a war. Putin's revenge!
"Umm can you repeat the question? I've been grilled a lot already so I'm having a hard time answering correctly"
It sends a bad message to law abiding people when he can commit perjury and not get arrested.
I'm from mass and I find Elizabeth Warren embarrassing
key phrase..."about 2016 election"  are you that stupid? Real ques
It's a simple ?: Have you been in contact with Russian Ambassador. McCaskill says NO. Lier McCaskill
What about this meeting? Is this where the Dems formulated plan of attack on Repubs? Would you like to comment?
sessions spoke in his capacity as a senator with a Russian diplomat. All on the up and up. You dems kill me...so desperate!
why don't you back date that theory ms no it all
Until u explain Hillary's PRIVATE SERVER, shut up Pocahontas
thanks! Sessions said anyone who lies under oath must go! #dumpsessions Are we a country ruled by law? Or ruled by kleptocrats?
obviously, Norah, the latter.  #WeAreSoFucked.
Yes it is. This is THE most corrupt Cabinet I think in US history. And to think they said all that crap about @HillaryClinton
She lied, and got cough, but IDC but her, if you lie to me get the f away from me, that's my new moto
Let me get this straight. You say she lied, and then she got some sort of cold and not sure I can even try deciphering the rest of your mess
Um witch tweet
"about the 2016 election" Apparently A Hahvahd lawyer can't read.
based on what evidence? That you and Hillary lost? A hacked gmail account ? Poor dnc cyber security? Do your own fishing
oh and I'm all for a full investigation including who / why the FISA court as surveilling Flynn and possibly the trump campaign
#fauxcahontas just because he me an ambassador as part of his duty as a senator, doesnt mean they talked about the election.ahole
#Veterans Meanwhile, Ryan/McConnell hoping to take Poor People's Insurance & Cut Rich People's Taxes BEFORE it all Flames Out
No burn out, just brighter and cleaner, flat tax fixes most if not all
Sessions: "define election.", "define contact"., "define Russian", "define question", "define... they all need a barred up room.
you are leaving a lot of context out of that questions, you're intellectually dishonest and you know it, doorknob
for the nation's top cop not to understand a question like that is like a person shutting off a gun saying I don't no how to shut
sessions said he was not in contact with the Russians at Senate  then turns around yesterday with press and said he didint recall
It's a simple answer: "no" - no connections about the 2016 election. How daft are you anyways? Trying to distract, I think. #MAGA
I believe you have been asked a question and lied also.
You're all done, and you know it. What's it like having your world collapse?
right.  Simple answer was no.
and after what I read from either the Boston Globe at one of the other sources recently… It just keeps on coming…
please demand answers
"about" the election. Seems to be the tricky part.  He says its normal for senators to meet ambassadors.
I VOTED FOR TRUMP AND RUSSIA HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT!!!! #HesMyPresident #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
3x-April 2016 in reception at T speech on foreign policy in DC; at RNC in July 2016; and again in Sessions office Sept. 8 2016!
No, yes, maybe.  This question is hard to understand, be more specific please. #OurRevolution
OK how bout, reset, like on the old netindoe, learn from are musstakes, but start again
You are in a witch hunt!  He did have with Russian Emb. In his role as a Senator - not to discuss the election!  Stop deceiving!
@EarthAngelsOrg  give it a rest, I can't wait until election time and you get booted out.
no i have'nt from frump but we have you on tape again no i have'nt but donald its on tape not me i give up.
If you have him on tape then yes you did or was the tape fake
It is NOT true and you know it. YOU are DELUSIONAL RETIRE ALREADY. AND SHUT UP
And he answered, "no". Get to work, Liz. No one is buying your garbage.
Warren , Pocahontas fauxcahontas whatever, Do you really expect ppl to take YOU seriously?! You r a lying,sorry excuse 4 a human!
He answered that question NO.  pull head out of butt put ur big girl panties in and start working for Americans NOT URSELF
okay.......Tonto. Oh, wait, that's right.....you're not Native American. #libtard. Long walk, short pier please!   's ass
E Warren and B Sanders are the true leaders of the Democratic party and the progressive movement. Keep up the good work.
Why are we letting all this go on?  Trump won because of Hillary's terrible standing...Now look at where we are...Bernie2020
A simpler question might be, "Is there anyone in the administration was hasn't been in communication with the Russians?"
the only thing transparent about this admin is their lying.
"Da, do I really have to answer that?" Senator Sessions is a good old boy & now he is part of the "Rat Pack." I don't believe it.
@575haiku A.K.A. TRUMP GOES TO PRISON WHERE HE BELONGS!
http://ln.is/blogspot.com/GGy26 …
I forgive him, and if the truth is out and he did wrong with malace in his heart then yes, but please forgive him, we all mess up
he answered it honestly. It was asked about his surrogate capacity. Not his day job as a US Senator. #SessionsDidNothingWrong
don't let up on @Jeff Sessions! #resignjeffsessions
Truth is he lied to a Congressional hearing for the people. The TOP COP CANT BE TRUSTED! HE SHOULD QUIT! While he can, save us $
what kind of crack have you been smoking?
@Rosie STFU pocahontas
it's a special part of my evening ritual to enjoy watching you unrevivable democrats dig your graves. we look at you and LOL 
How about "Have you been in contact with anyone connected to the Russian government while working on the 2016 election."
It was in English, right? 
H Correct answer no!
i used to respect you; but i see now that you are a radical with no morals and that you are trying to perform a coup
I wonder what the consequences of an honest answer would have been.
Kick that old goober Sessions down the road like a rusty tin can over  the Mason-Dixon Line all the way to The Old South where he belongs.
