Obamacare
seriously? Repeal. America does not need government telling us what to buy. Repeal
Obamacare???
@SenWarren nobody is listening Pocahontas you have no credibility
A Republican one?
There will be income instead of welfare. Republicans plan for every family to succeed in business instead of collecting welfare.
lie lie lie
racist, greedy GOP & trump hate the poor. They are doing their best to wipe out as many as possible. Look at the tax cuts too!
propagandist
@PtriotofAlabama @SenWarren and under TrumpCare you have no options.
The kind that manifests itself within people like Soul-less Paul, Tom, Trump, bannon, GOP, et al
A disgraceful one composed by egotistical, privileged individuals without any regard to their constituents and all human beings.
racist, greedy GOP & trump hate the poor. They are doing their best to wipe out as many as possible. Look at the tax cuts as well
THINK OF THE SAVINGS
think of sickness and death
Fewer mouths to feed, MORE SAVINGS!
let's wish neither me nor you are deprive of basic necessities of life
What are you talking about? Obamacare ripped away my health insurance in 2013.
ObamaCare for sure. Why should people pay for others' transgender operation fee? It's their freedom instead of our burden.
can afford to pay for their healthcare so don't tell us about their problems because we have our own .
People need the medical help.
Obamacare. Next question. @SenWarren
Can I get a copy of Price's stock purchases? I would like to make a lot of money buying and selling stock based on what he does.
...the kind that Obama and you #dems shoved down America's throat. You need to go away. #NeverWarren
hmm...I'd say Obamacare.
What is a Randian bill? I'll take "GOP Fuckery" for $600 please, Alex.
u need a$1 fukery
you created that false sense of security for those 24 million people and leading them to believe Americas working people
Obamacare of course!
well, the AHCA did that ... so, thanks for finally seeing the light #WelcomeToTheConservativeMovement
Obamacare
Obamacare?
 didn't that also happen with Obamacare & U loved it. Yes millions lost their  insurance & were forced to buy it by law.
@windmillcharger Let me take this one...its's 'trump-don't-care'. AKA 'ryan-is-Lyin '
proud?
the kind ppl want free
WHAT KIND OF GOV. ALOWS CHEM TRAILS THAT HURT OUR HEALTH,BAD DRUGS,CHEMICALS N FOOD,WATER,& WANT ME TO PAY FOR MY BAD HEALTH NOW!
answer; the kind that has removed the "care" and "health" from the plan.
Um the #Trump only cares about himself and f***ing rich cronies plan?!
Also, WHERE'D YOU GET THE MONEY, HUH? ARE YOU GOING TO TELL US *THAT*?
.@SenWarren That would be Obamacare!  Exchanges are closing, millions already losing access to care and doctors.  SHAME ON DEMOCRATS!
@jon55021593 @SenWarren it was all by design so Hillary could easily push through single-payer. That's their Holy Grail.
What kind of health care force feed you insurance you don't need.  #Obamacareisdead
I hope to God you never need the insurance this maniac wants to cancel. My sis never thought she'd get cancer either.
answer is obamacare it screwed up Healthcare for 250 mil to give subsidies to 6 mil it ain't bout healthcare it's bout redistrbt
Trump care is death care
health insurance for everyone sounds great but not when it comes at the expense of the working man. #RepealandReplace
A Republican bill, Senator. After, "Don't get sick," failed, this is their best shot.

#RunLizRun #Warren2020
the kind u should be fighting tooth & nail against & get that demonic leader out of the office? @Merrirrro @sonnycole @ekcj1234
Obamacare makes working people BUY overpriced junk insurance for their OWN families to provide good insurance for other families.
it's a death warrant
When was the time that Americans were dying in the streets for lack of healthcare? Oh that's right. NEVER!
keep up the fight
@rogue_specialK To think this plan will make America great again is naive and insensitive
we've become a joke, so focused on money & war, yet unwilling to do what it takes to care for our own people #saveACA
Obama took my 17 year old group plan away in 2014 and its low premium is gone forever. Try again
get rid of it, we don't want it and we are behind you!
calm down lizzy. Most of those people don't want insurance anyway.
Slick Lizzy will and does tell lies as fast as an arrow.
What do you think Ocare did to us you dufus?
oh oh! Some wish.list the Republicans pushed through
You may want to remind your colleagues this is what starts riots and eventually civil war. Everything being proposed.
- TRUMPCARE !!
Obamacare. Was all lies.  There you go again
will u sign on if @POTUS promises "if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, period"?
the same kind that made deductibles so high millions can't dare use it?
The kind with @SecPriceMD involved. He'd going to do the same NOTHING he did for people in #Georgia He's #incompetent  @SenWarren
president Clinton lie'd to the ppl and was impeached and Trump lie'd to the ppl by saying he was wiretapped by Obama so impeach
: When is enough going to be enough Trump lie'd and he has ties to Russia what's taking so long to impeach him don't be scared
An evil plan. #sad
. @SenWarren #American health care. Remember, we're a society that decided profiting off a human right is a moral practice. #SinglePayer NOW
A really terrible one. As Orwellian as Trump's cabinet picks.
AND then giving it in the form of a tax break to the wealthy. This is a tax break in the guise of a "healthcare" bill.
I u Senator..know in your heart that I am out here rooting for your strength & fortitude to be sustained
I have way to much health care and need to pay more taxes (need a font for sarcasm)
Right
a Republican one. The Republicans are like the "dark side" in star wars. We need some Jedi's!!!!
they also Force for seniors to drop their insurance period that means you'll die early and safe Social Security payments
the Aras only care about themselves and the rich they see it as a double win they destroy an entitlement program Medicaid
As opposed to the last one that ripped away life savings from folks? Seems forced healthcare is bad for everyone in some fashion.
Your question reads as a segue to a joke. Unfortunately it's not. SMH!
don't you have something lame to pass like your patriots day?
or like Ryan's "friends of Ireland" lunch?
was that legislation related?
I assume so, it had the @SpeakerRyan involved, and in front of  a TV camera. Unless you think he might have been wasting time
they all waste time!
The kind that will feel the wrath of the over-60's -- a group that always votes...??
a #wealthcareoverhealthcare bill
this is why you people get nothing done in Washington.  Find common ground and fix the problem.  Stop the scare tactics!
I felt like I couldn't breathe after the election, now I won't be able to breathe w/o healthcare. He kills me, literally.
The #Trump&Ryandontcare Republican #wealthcare bill, also known as AHCA.
Why would anyone want healthcare roll back to 2009.. many ppl without insurance..sky rocketing HC costs. Safety nets strained.
@MAHAMOSA I lost my insurance 
I am terrified that I will be one of the millions that fall victim to this fraud of a pres!
the same that provides more options at more affordable rates for hundreds of millions of American citizens
Obamacare
everyone wants to give free insurance to the poor but I can no longer pay for my own. Easy to complain but you have no solution!
they chose to be addicts just like a woman can choose abortion. That's what you believe right ?
If you want to do something for tax payers. Tell me why we pay for addicts to overdose 3&4 times a day. Not our responsibility.
#warren2020 #letthemdie
The Russian plan for making America great again, of course.
face a fact the GOP wants no part of a plan to use govt. led health insurance. Find your values and do what is right for America.
one that doesn't force citizens to purchase it. If you like ACA so much why are you and you cronies exempt...
Trump listen to the insurance CEOS in round table. He hasn't talked to poor or handicap, no concept of life before Obama Care
The kind that doesn't care if millions of people die. Quite literally.
No free tickets
RIGHT!! I am one of them I lost mine because of OBAMACARE than you VERY much now I can't afford the ACA policy and have 6800 ded
what kind indeed! Obama's #ACA  is the only one i could imagine.
most of these people you are speaking for never wanted obama care in the first place. Fauxcahontas you are fake indian and news
Please focus on locking up Russian agent Orange and his cabinet for protecting him. #ricoact. Then healthcare repair is easy....
Most of them don't want it in the first place and only bought it becUse of the mandate Jackass!
Not this one. Stop spreading lies.
GO ELIZABETH!
when Obamacare was signed into law insurance was ripped from millions of people....some never able 2 afford again? Where were U?
Answer : a health care bill of a fascist government.
When GOP use patriotic words DOES NOT mean it's best for Americans. AHCA American Healthcare Act means the EXACT opposite.
Tell the TRUTH SQUAWK SKUNK !!! The 14M are mandated to BUY IT! !  SO DON'T LIE! ! BOOB FEATHER! !!!
we said that with omamacare!! If you like your doctor!! #hypocrites..
One designed by rich white guys.
Tens of millions didn't want health care...have you been paying attention or are you always on send...
Exactly 
obamacare. Can't afford premiums and deductibles
then lead the effort to find something that works
Let them suffer the consequences.
Why can't  you guys give up your great medical benefits to balance out America. What makes your medical needs more important ?
benefits should be taken from people that don't pay taxes. Keep having babies to get more mailbox money from you guys.
One created by out of touch, elitist legislators who are in the pocket of large health insurers and big pharma.
#Wealthcare ?
These are the same peeps that created the "death panels" myth.  Shameful GOP!!
those you mention in large part are tha Americans who choose not to  participate
@jilliemaze a republican one
A bill that INTENDS to cause the deaths of 43,000 a year
I am so worried about MY OWN insurance when I turn 60, I won't be able to afford ANY insurance or any prescriptions plus a mortg.
should have thought about that when youcwere younger and saved some of your mobey
right, and they talk about OBAMA !! SMDH !
#Trumpcare
one that gives people a choice if they want to buy it or not. Unlike ACA that forced everyone to buy it
Fix it then....
you better get your information correct, fake news
Start doing your job! Is there any leadership in the Democratic Party?  Oh that is  right you left the party for your own agenda!
Boo!

STOP COMPLAINING AND WORK TO FIX IT.   SHOW YOU CARE!  INSTEAD IF USING YOUR BIG MOUTH
you just want all us hard working tax payers to pay for all the illegals that you and Bernie want to give free health care to
it has nothing to do with health care. It's decieve and deny. It's a money plan. A transference of wealth plan.
I think your confused, were not talking about Obama care
@CynthiaLMoyer One from soulless Paul Ryan and heartless Donald Trump.
None. But now the US may.
you know most of the health insurance companies were pulling out of Obamacare because of the cost. 11mm more people on Medicaid.
Don't U mean, stealing insurance from Ur illegals who pay4 nothing?!Im sure Mexico or wherever can take care of their own once they go home!
The kind that Paul Ryan hopes will make rich people like him.  He's desperate, anyone will do.
Not the plan you get as a Senator I am sure. @POTUS Tell me, do you use Native American healthcare on reservations?
thank you for fighting for us. We love you
the kind where those who voted for #DonaldTrump should feel it's effects first.
Obviously a Trump/Ryan/Republican plan. Murdering Americans is a Republican plan.
Trumpcare?  (Or should we call it "Trump/RyanDontCare"?)
And how about all the ppl who will lose their jobs & employer health insurance to layoffs?  Impact on economy?  :(
@MAHAMOSA #CarnageCare
@MAHAMOSA One backed by the Trump administration. More $ for billionaires!
That would be #Trumpcare.
@GOP's kind! They don't care about any people
are you going to lose your Obamacare? That's right you don't have it!!
what kind of healthcare bill forces its citizens to buy it? Freedom?
@Fearonika a very bad bill #TheResistance
so are you for healthcare for all or insurance for all?
A budget bill, call it like it is. If we wanted universal health care we would be talking about retooling community college's.
#TheEmperorHasNoClothes
OBAMACARE, that shit you voted for and NEVER READ
The kind created by Republicans.
Ten pages dedicated to making sure lottery winners lose subsidies #Trumpcare
you obviously haven't been paying attention to the post ACA group market. You're disingenuous at best.
It's called something other than Obama Care
#trumpcare apparently. #trumpcaresucks
Have you read this? It's more than Healthcare but JOBS too: http://www.epi.org/aca-obamacare-repeal-impact/?mc_cid=c07d4f2ece&mc_eid=ec11ab2ef8 … < I live in Oregon. Anyone -even Trump can see MAP here
