What aren't you worried about?
Why? You still have a job... only for now.. hahahaha
If she runs for President, she will win!
Ah, it's only public safety, which he considers just a nuisance. Anything to protect the public is secondary to profits
Me too! I don't think the average person knows just what or how much various agencies do!
Anything that would really help Americans Trump is against!
What's a false statement?
I Created the Worlds Greatest Coin! 

"The Official Coin of the 2016 Presidential Election TM."

http://www.ebay.com/itm/The-Official-Coin-of-The-2016-Presidential-Election-999-SILVER-1-25oz-Trump-/302312264384?hash=item46633712c0:g:KG0AAOSwlndZI4Tr …
From family 10, I have two brothers that are stanch liberals.   Now they no longer listen to mainstream media because of the out right lies
Warren u worry about anything that makes NOISE AGAINST THE PRESIDENT. Your a professional obstructionist, NOTHING MORE. You're not a leader
it's been lifted so stop the lies
If there is a hiring freeze why was the 1st lady Ivanka Trump given a job in Trumps admin?
He wants us poisoned and then not let us have Healthcare.
Perhaps the federal government has 6 or 7% too many employees as it is. Bloated like You Warren.
You're just worried that your cronies will no longer be paid to do nothing
They told vape shop owners they cldnt give away free puff of nicotine free eliquid, but cld pass out free samples of smokeless. #Idiots
The free market regulates itself...why do we need so many ???
It's a bloated agency.  Need to make it more efficient & effective.  You accomplish this by challenging and slashing budget.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for being YOU!  (I'm a retired QC Microbiologist who is praying for your health and stamina everyday.)  
Well only food with salmonella, dangerous pesticides, rotten meat and fish will pass and more people will die, seems Trump hates Americans
How so? They allow drugs that kill, and prevent drugs and products that cld save lives. They are a,complete trainwreck.
the bastid's first executivd order was to sgop VA hiring, the ond thing most needed, from MDs to janitor
I have watched several videos of Trump this morning. I am very familiar with mental disease, and this man has Alzheimer's!
They just need to do like the rest of the world, suck it up and do their job or quit like a crybaby.
We need to increase DoD budget and decrease other discretionary spending. We need to add efficiency and effectiveness to our government.
Oh go back to crawl into your hole
the free market is the most "important cop on the beat"
You just worry about your own pocket
Feel so bad for u , NOT!
Yup left unchecked those infant formula companies might get away with murder
You need to worry about who we let in this country. You're not and that's a problem.
the FDA is a bunch of frauds who have been lining their pockets with bribes since the Clintons' era. shut up.
Do FDA retirees collect pensions from Bayer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, since Rx Co's. determine what makes a product safe & how to test it.
Don't worry.. Just sit back and shut the hell up! The very last thing we need is more government employees!
When u become potus in 24 u can lift it
You mean somebody who has come through the revolving door from Monsanto
Has the Donald put a freeze or U just making it up?
Liz for President 2020 #46
You're worried about big pharma?
Senator Warren is a great writer....of fiction, worthless politician and a terrific fake "native American".
Without the usfda, we will see much more poison nacho cheese to come.
No grocery store or restauraunt will be safe to eat at if we gut the FDA. Except meat, poultry and eggs, until he guts the USDA.
Dangerous move! @Abcv2v
You sure are a master of understatement!!! Jesus Christ!
There is so much to be concerned about. How do we keep track of it all
IMPEACH HIM NOW
no more money to Govt until you Do Your Job #Belichik
Let's not try and save tax dollars for govt workers who work at less than 50% ability. Keep the freeze. DEMS R BAD FOR AMERICA
The FDA is a drain on our economy and a HACK JOB.. Drain the FDA. Eliminate the FDA
Have ya
@SenWarren , @NancyPelosi , @MaxineWaters to see what a woman who really cares about her country looks like, study the leader of Poland.
Certainly not Merkel or May, or you for that matter, who would gladly see own people put in jeopardy as long as nobody's feelings are hurt.
We The People really don't gaf what your worried about Nasty Woman. But drone on. You idiocy is amusing.
I am a 100 percent disabled permanent and total disabled vet and someone needs to stand up and stand for us whom have stood for you and our
We the people see the amoral reckless acts ruining the office of pres every day and demand he be removed!
Wow I hope you read these tweets Beth, from the forgotten to you!
Pay them out of your pocket.
If you are into scare tactics just photograph yourself in the morning before you cake on your makeup broomhilda!
Stop worrying Liz, everything will be just fine. Hope u r making money in Pres, Trumps stock market rally, hope Dems don't mess that up
At what cost to us. You can't spend every dime of our money Beth
Do you realize how many people the US government hires the largest employer in the country 100 times over and you want more
STFU!!! I've been worried about your impact on the Cherokee nation!!! Are you still wearing your moccasins and sleeping in a teepee?? 
You're only worried about yourself and your elitist donors.  I hope you like hot places you old crow
I'm sure if you cut 30% of staff they can still function fine
And with Sonny Perdue as head of the @USDA , it worries me even more. He has a horrible track record when it comes to cross-contamination.
R u really? Hypocrite
Imagine a shortage of inspectors and harm comes to small children who are particularly vulnerable?  Unthinkable that this is the plan.
I worry too, Senator. I have a young grandson w/ life-threatening food allergies. His life literally depends on the FDA doing its job.
and I'm worried about u
Nothing Invalid, Illegitimate #TrumpBeast says or does is for the good of America. #ImpeachTrump
End of the world i guess
Worried like the way Americans are worried how congress is not doing their jobs?
I'm worried that you still think you are an Indian......
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts oh you are worried .... what a crisis that is ..DO YOUR JOB save your constituents hard earned $'s
Perhaps You should donate that bloated harvaahd salary to help pay for more FDA employees if you feel strongly & sponsor their pensions
Maybe you can help with some of your native American natural cures Pocahontas.
I bet you have
Why?
Liz step away from the steak dinner! Just step back. That's all u can come up with? How many millions did the tax pays pay u for that wisdom
you tweet too much! The Democrats think they own the American citizens paycheck  @US_FDA @realDonaldTrump
May Trump eat lettuce drenched in animal crap.
The FDA is corrupt he's just finding out whos who.Don't worry Liz its all good. ALL of the criminal activity of Obama admin coming out. 
Maybe the will learn to be more efficient. Not everything has to be as wasteful as the DNC.
Well you worry a bit too much. Especially about all the made up dooms day rhetoric the Dems are spewing to incite panic!
Agree with @SenWarren - people have no idea what's at stake with short staffing FDA.

@US_FDA @realDonaldTrump
Another bloated Government agency! Drain The Swamp Baby!!!
He is so clueless
The Politibears say help find ways to reduce the cost of government and you will not need to worry.
Let me get this straight the organization that has approved GMO's  as food and allowed misleading labeling  (ie natural flavors) is an
I don't trust anything Trump has been a part of.

@SenWarren @US_FDA @realDonaldTrump
Uh, Senator... those are all ex-Monsanto employees. Let them leave. We, the people will get new hires. Don't tell me you feel BAD for them 
Can't do a worse job than they're doing now..
Those that make bad drugs, bad food,etc., go out of business. See chi chi's, almost Chipotle and others. It's self policing. Less gov good.
It may also slow down the new drug approval process.
Do you never not worry? You seem very worrisome. I'm sure your native ancestors have something to address your constant anxiety.
Nobody with half a brain gives a damn about what you think or say..you are a has been Pocafu****hontas....a liar and a traitor to my country
quick go steal someone's seat at harvard! You're entire career is based on a lie
Don't worry. Be happy. It will be ok.
Lizzy, take you meds and get a real job. you live off the government tax payers. Shut up! Do something for Americans.
You plant corn worth a dead fish under it for fertilizer..... the FDA will nor approve
Don't worry if people get food poison in, their health insurance will cover it. Oh yeah.
Ha. U should be more worried about our government running a deficit for the last 20 years. Worry about that 1st. Then worry about fda please

Hmmm, are you saying they cannot do the job with what they have?

and as far as any "cop", they couldn't find their ass on a toilet
Sure , let's piss away more tax dollars on lazy , do nothing government employees.
Patriot really.
What?!? The FDA acts as the henchman for big pharma.  Please.  Stop the revolving door and maybe you would have a point.
The FDA and big Pharma also line the pockets of the government
Sadly, @US_FDA regulations are already too lax. We need more government oversight and safety regulations, not less.
Trump doesn't care if we die or how we die.
don't worry , there are plenty of staff to do the job

Worry about 20 trillion in debt dummy
