Why does #FDA approve drugs that kill?
BC your reelection donors profit from them.
We can't fight opioid crisis w/out dealing w/Chinese exports of Fentanyl, precursors & fake pills. These are the cause of the OD explosion.
Portugal decriminalised drugs 14 years ago – and now hardly anyone dies from overdosing | The Independent
Use the tax funds to boost law and enforcement on illegal drug sales and build the wall.
Legalize marijuana and you'll have enough to build the pointless wall. They'll go over or under. Dumbest idea ever
It didn't occur to me to insult you or your ideas  to win you over to my point of view. You are very clever. Now I agree with you.
I admit my shortcomings. I don't flaunt them like others sometimes tend to do.
Right on God bless
I sure do wish some prominent Democrat would write op-ed pieces on the GOP efforts to suppress votes. Democracy is being threatened openly
2. While the opioid epidemic, public school funding, climate change, etc are real and extremely important issues
Maybe #BigPharma can foot the bill. They caused the #OpiodEpidemic by pushing their pills with no regard to outcome!
2. That would cut a big supply from easy access. Also, THC/Marijuana could be used by many. Not addictive, locally grown, no side affects...
BS! I smoke and built a $1M year vet clinic. Some THC products don't get you high. They make body put out natural opioids/endorphins
As long as we don't stigmatize those who legitimately use opioids for chronic pain. We're not addicts. Please don't lump us together...
That's good and all though I have to ask where was the advocacy for tx when crack hit the hood?
#BlackLivesMatter
Outlaw opioids. Americans are whimps
.refuse to experience any pain
Seen. Warren, why aren't you helping to fix the completely broken ACA....?
You need to get ahead of the problem not fix the results. Stop the flow of drugs
We do not. It is more lucrative for hospitals to give users dialysis in ER s rather than intravenous Tylenol.
Not dialysis but dilaudid
Another tax payer bailout for BigPharma's slime trail cleanup.
Ask hospitals why they do not stock lidoderm patches and forbid doctors from using intravenous Tylenol lady
Fight Big pharma first...they created the opiod crisis!
Big pharma spends tons of money to fight the passing of medical marijuana. They dont care if people die as long as money keeps coming.

https://twitter.com/georgiadirtroad/status/906123761149235200 …
A national problem so addictive readily available
Stop the flow of drugs from Mexico.
I just saw where last year more people died from opiods than in the whole Vietnam war..
Pain patients should have rights too, someone should care about the mess the legislators made because of bad info.
These Four Countries Prove That Decriminalization Works Better Than Prohibition | TheInfluence http://bit.ly/2shR7Zi 
Let's give the junkies all of our money
Best ill be to Prosecute CIA, Marines & US Air Force who bring in Opium from Afghanistan to fill US Streets
I live in VT-know huge numbers of people that dose daily. It seems there's no endgame. People struggle for years. Hope MA is better.
Somedays it seems straight up legalization of all drugs and educating self-responsibility would cure many ills. Take away the incentive.
IF IT'S IN THE GLOBE, IT'S GOT TO BE GOSPEL EVEN WHEN IT COMES FROM YOU POCAHONTAS
Do something about the prescribers.
@MyKnktd ^^^
Goiin' out on a limb @SenWarren? #yetsheselected
You should be going after the doctors and big pharma who are pushing drugs...of all kinds
With all due respect Elizabeth Warren. I wish you and Nancy Pelosi but stay home give us all a break
SENATOR TELL ME THIS IF THIS CONTINUES WILL NOT THE GOVERNMENT WITH DEFICIT  PROBABLY COLLAPSE; IN 10 YEARS!
3/ NEED universal healthcare, follow up, new mentality. Pain is what patient says it is, except when it's not-but nobody wants to talk.
SENATOR WOULD YOU IN TEN YEARS FROM NOW BE SUBJECT TO COUNTLESS DISTRUCTION AND TRILLIONS ADDED TO DEFICIT!
2/ asking why are you in pain, patient states "they THINK it might be a nerve."  Records confirm cause unknown.
Medical establishment needs revamp to find cause of pain and fix. As an RN, I've given 80 mg ICU every 4 hours
SENATOR WE ARE NOT LATE IN THIS THESE HURRICANES ARE A WARNING OF MANY YET TO COME THIS IS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN ALTER THIS,!
We need to admit 12 step programs aren't always effective #evidencebasedpractice-especially for women/chronic pain
You might want to call Charlie Baker.
There's a word for that: "Trashionale"...
medical cannabis flower medicine would end the opiate epidemic by 90% immediately.
Here's a thought! Stop taking drugs! If I can do it anyone can! 16 years sober! Own your life!!!!!

The only thing I will read is about the margin of loss from your campaign.
Who let you out of your Tee Pee? Get back in there, Running Bear is looking for you. BTW what did your mental evaluations determine?
Was waiting for you to tie this to 0bamacare! Never fail to use a crisis to benefit the left agenda! 0bama is gone, soon his legacy too!
You are an inspiration, I retweet everything you post!
Lizzy-PHARMA OWNS THIS: They SHOULD Fund & Provide Resources for FIX.  You didn't want to offend PHARMA, I know, as THEY FUND YOU!
Yep blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!
Probably the only thing that we agree on!!
JUST GET RID OF THE OPPRESSOR!!! simple.
Go after the doctors for overprescribing
What's next?
LOL...at its source. And while you at it, get the drugs out of the poor neighbourhoods SMH, u people and your self-righteousness bullshit...

Can you also try to make new regulations to ease the strain on those of us with chronic conditions that will keep us on opiates for life?
Sounds good.
Lets have the costs covered by the Harvard University Endowment.
#FRAUD
U people fighting opiods so hard that u left Vets in pain with legit combad injuries and no Medical Marijuana for Vets
You can throw all the money you want at addiction look.the statistics if they don't want help you can't force them you can lead a   to 
I'll guess.... is it because the ACA is what caused it to escalate??
Just love giving out free money. Repeat offenders shouldn't get tax payers money.
We also can't fight the opioid crisis until we stop the pharma companies from pumping out more opioids.
1.Well... you could restrict doctors (dealers) from prescribing so much, and you could restrict Big Pharma (Suppliers) from making so much.
Unihealthcare/Medicaid for all. We can do it b/c it is basic human necessity for a country of our wealth. Rich must pay fair share of tax!
ONLY "THING" WE ARE "ENTITLED" TO IS DEATH,SO NO FLESH CAN BOAST,FOR HIS NAME IS JEALOUS!!!!!!!
What about the supply flowing across our southern border?
Liz! Good to hear from you! We were worried! Did they let you out or did you slip past the Orderlies?How was your therapy did you fair well?
*fare well. Fair is like what you believe the world has not been to you, as you furiously troll politicians from your home.
Always more money. Detox is uncomfortable,due to withdrawal etc but it is free of cost. Breaking addiction requires will power primarily.
IT'S THE WOE IN THE WORLD...DO NOT BE ENVIOUS OF THE OPPRESSOR FOR GOD KNOWS HOW TO HUMBLE THE PROUD!!!
It takes a village.
and give a good hard look at the legal prescription market that facilitated that tragedy in the pursuit of profit over ethics
Based on their success rate not their good intentions.
What have you done for U.S Veterans?
Talk is cheap. Results are like diamonds
The Republicans only see incarceration as the only solution for everything
I can see people in rehab coming to and saying, " I voted for WHO!?"
The Globe sucks. The owner sucks. The op ed writer sucks.

This is a good article. Thank you for all you do
Ah...I see.  Shaking hands with a murderer.  Nice one.
Everyone gets free government money from you, don't they?
Yet, she won't seek Harvard et al to pay their fair share
