@thepoliticalcat @Rosie STILL WAITING FOR TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS! IMPEACHMENT TO FOLLOW!
He's oblivious to anything outside his bubble!!!
Senator Warren, you're nobody to be judging anybody's character. Your why we need term limits
who cares if you vote for him anyway?
didn't you get millions from a bank and didn't disclose it?
vote no
I applaud u. What r the Republicans? Why r they all voting party line. I cannot picture my childs education with her on the job
please vote against him
Stand strong Senator Warren, we need strong voices
fight those unethical bully bastards...do whatever in the Dems power stop  them or they destroy our planet and personal freedom
when will Liz stop talking stop getting on camera and start actually working
WHEN you give him the economy?  Please don't.
no matter what he says you'll always tell us it's a lie because you don't want Washington to change
like the 1m loan/line of credit you refused to disclose Pocahontas?
just like Clinton & Obama. Demos are such hypocrites and plaits.If you spent more time on job then tweeter you could get lot done
you should come get your boy Trump if you are whining about Warren on twitter.
why would I want to that he is doing a great job. As for warren lied about her being part Indian. How low just foe votes
Hey, no honest answers from Mr. Transparent for 8 yrs. !
do not approve this man
Pocahontas just doesn't get it the more she talks the more she helps the Democrats lose their base so keep it up Pocahontas
democrats MUST stand as a block. republicans proved no downside to adamantine unity. democratic reps&Senators must stand or go.
how's that million and a half dollar line of credit from Bank of America working for you Pocahantas? #liar
Accusing someone of being dishonest! Look who is talking!
agree agree agree
How did DeVos get approved? I'm so angry. My sights are set on 2018 midterms! IDEA saved my son's edu. Protections will be gone!
He is dishonest across the board. So please be sure to vote NO on his confirmation & NO on all other Trump nominees. They stink!
wheel of Pocahontas she votes for our nominees she secretly vote for Trump why can you Dems not see that Schumer will cave
You're an amazingly extraordinary role model. Thank you for standing up and speaking out!
No one in that administration can give honest answers.@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump #spindoctor #liar #showtaxreturns
vote no
withhold consent.  Delay. Vote no
Exactly right!!!
why are dems letting all of these appointees sail through? Is it because they will anyway?? Please tell me you guys have a plan.
I am terrified about what is happening. What can we do? #NoWallNoBan #resist #impeachpresidentbannon
block the votes like the r's blocked Obama's. Do whatever it takes to disrupt and deny all appointees
like you didn't give an honest answer about your 1.3 million credit with BOA?
@NH_Phil an answer: don't give him the economy!
NO is a complete sentence!
lead the charge to keep this liar and thief out of our US Treasury
If you want to head a hostile takeover of the White House, count me in.
THEN VOTE NO ON ALL OF CABINET PICKS! ESPECIALLY @RealBenCarson!
you lied about your credit what else are you lying to the American people about

How can we trust you
Agree with you totally Sen. Warren. Mnuchin is a saprophyte whose nomination must be defeated at all costs!
vote No
obstruct.  Stop helping him.  Do not confirm an A.G.  No more capitulation.
some of the nominees r qualified so u have to discern who is not and vote no. Not being obstructionist but wisely doing job
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr If Mnuchin can't be truthful in a job interview he should NOT get the job. North Carolina is watching
BTW, where is his boss's tax records?  Oh, that's right--I was told I don't want to see them!  #showmeyourtaxes
thank you for standing up for what is fundamentally right. I stand with you in resisting this authoritarian attack on democracy.
An honest answer--Ha!! You talking about an honest answer is like Hillary talking about honesty--hollow and ridiculous--Bahaahaa
you don't k ow that so you are losing once again!  Fake news
Thank you for letting us know what you are seeing in congress
he is pulling a Trump. You can ask but I will never tell-oh well.
Thank you Sen Warren for protecting us! You have my steadfast respectm. Should you ever need a vote from PA, my vote is 4 you
You never gave us an honest answer about your claim to be Native American and using that to get hired at a college.
@OliviaSmithUs  Vote NO on Mnuchin!
Let's dig into YOUR background, #FakePocohontas!  Bet we'll find LOTS and LOTS of dirt on YOU! Government needs qualified people...unlike U!
Just like you were HONEST about being Native American!! Liberal liar!! Do as I say, not as I do!! #lyingliberal
stop being a divider, you're everything you rant about only worse,you have no solutions except socialist Marxist ways
YOU HYPOCRITE! You LIED about having Cherokee blood to fraudulently STEAL a Harvard scholarship AND job!
Vote no please!!!  On ALL incl Ben Carson
keep it up! Thank you for fighting the good fight!
It only takes ONE SENATOR to put on hold on Mnuchin's confirmation vote.  I urge you to do so.
You, Sanders, & Schumer are out of control, encouraging anarchy, making my country look bad, you should be booted out of office.
part for the course for most of Trump's cabinet, stadf, and Trump himself
Hey Liz. Elections have consequences. Obama said that remember
Then don't give it to him. GS speeches were such a problem during the election but letting them run our gov't isn't now. 
He is one bad dude. Trump has money with him in a hedge fun.  Running a country on hate, spite and a power trip is so inane.
He has the thought train of a carrot
you know it! Lies nothing but lies from all of them
America doesn't need a cold blooded Vulture running Treasury
DON'T GIVE IT TO HIM!
Keep fighting for the rest of us who lived through the housing crisis.  We were lucky enough to keep our house but it wasn't easy
@suejohnston56 STOP HIM
he's no better than the person who nominated him. His bankruptcies and he still won't show us his taxes. What are they hiding?
Did you just happen to forget to list on the financial disclosure form your 1.3 mil LOC on your Cambridge home? 2 years in a row?
He's doesn't have to tell the Truth . He's Lair's Choice .
Block him! Don't let him near a cabinet position.
@cowgirlup1a

The answer to Mnuchin is NO.
Senator Warren I implore you to vote against any Supreme Court Justice that Donald Trump puts forward tell your colleagues
i thiught you wete too busy causing a riot at the airport to vote!
u lied about being an American Indian to cheat the ed system and the government job app  - u have nerve
don't you have a riot to incite?
stay tough!
Obstruct oppose do not confirm!  Kick him out!
please vote against his nomination!!
@marstu67 Senator Warren,You and fellow democrats aren't stupid.Do what MUST be done to save America.Trump admin.must go.
love your common sense and no b.s. questioning!!!! Keep up the great work!!
still wondering why you gave Carson a pass.
@jcjhouston @SenWarren Dont let a Munchkin run the economy. Crackpot Libertarian Austrian Austerity School must be stopped. #Humanity
registered to vote in multiple states. Careless, shady character
- So how come you never did anything about it? How come he wasn't prosecuted? Sleeping at the wheel?
Just like his boss, NOT releasing his taxes! Or birth certificate & Medical Records!
America needs to FIGHT & get trump IMPEACHED!
So are you going to vote YES or NO Senator.  We are all past words at this point. All Dem Senators have to vote no or get lost!
my God he sounds like another trump
Ok, well let me see what I can do about that.......wait....You are the one in the Senate!!!!!!!!!
Hold your vote until full disclosure of all nominees. We do not have to yield to the tactics of @POTUS Stand firm & hold ur vote
@OliviaSmithUs actually he gave you a very clear answer at the hearing, you're lying
vote no!
Will you act to end the Bannon coup?
please vote no on DeVos, Sessions, and Tillerson as well.
@OliviaSmithUs so sayeth the squaw with the high cheekbones.
block his seat and vote no on his confirmation ! We have to take our country back !
can I assume you'll vote no, then?
how about questions re the job.
hell be as honest as you were about your 1.3 million dollar line of credit
Obama-ize him. Return GOP behaviour:Block, obstruct, delay, minimize. Vote no on all remaining. Why vote yes. Impeach or defang
please keep it up for justice I'm in awe of you and your drive for the people of America. I'd vote for you in 2020
Need a Lie detector hooked up while questioning.
Hope Dems get a Backbone and block the Republicans!
then say No why are they all getting g a pass
Remember they all lie!
dear Senator Warren, what can the people do? We are with you, thank you for standing up. #Hero
I hypocrite u should think what u did in your past
just like fools who believed Donny would release his tax returns
u r a crook
where did this liar in Cheif @POTUS found so many shameless liars is just puzzling! @KellyannePolls @PressSec @stevenmnuchin1
VOTE NO! If you show you got BALLS - it will pay off in the END ! Stop doing POLL DRIVEN votes!
And as Sec'y of Treasury #Mnuchin would oversee IRS (Trump's taxes) and FinCEN (Trump/Russian $launder): Trump holds fine record!
vote NO
You bought foreclosed props and flipped 'em, Fauxcahontas.
Senator i cant believe how cowardly too many of our leaders are to not defy Trump. Vote no.
Since when does the LEFT value honesty!! Obama LIED(you did too) 4last 8YRS! KILLARY is ALL LIES& COVER UPS!
Perfect storm. Bankers making big profits for a while and libs making hay about increases in home ownership.
you're starting to wear me out with all your whining about EVERYTHING. Give it up please.
The housing crisis was caused by pols like you influencing the banks to make loans to folks that could not afford it.
Warren we VOTE NO on YOU and will use your corrupt former friend Harry Reid's nuclear option if needed. Too bad.
vote no
They are ALL liars, manipulators and traitors! Please do NOT trust them.
As a banker, I've learned not to give them what they want until I have all the information I need. All of it. Resist.
Then vote no.
that should tell you all you need to know to vote.
didn't you get a million dollar line of credit from @BankofAmerica ?
"give him our economy?" What on earth does that even mean? Please go away.
Get over it old lady 

Your like a winny little kid, trying to change your Daddies mind. 
@thedemocrats are lame duck for 4 years
I don't trust any of them! Stop fascism vote NO!! Their only agenda so far is to destroy everything our Founding Fathers built.
Yes we know. It's a mad power grab. the letter writing, phone calls and protests will be ignored. They have the power. It's over.
talk about honesty let's begin with you first .... you're not honest but S. Mnuchin is good
So vote no and get 3 GOP friends to help. Otherwise, we're spitting into the wind.
Vote No.
Thank You.
<3 Drac 
Please tell us more about the mysterious $1.3M line of credit on your Cambridge home.
how about YOU give an honest answer about misrepresenting your ethnicity to advance ur career, or hiding a $1.3 mil credit line
He foreclosed on mortgages that were in good standing?
hold firm.  No more confirmations.  None!
why should he? El Presidente is never going to show us his tax return! He's exempt-No conflict of interest possible!?!?
then you all need to do your jobs and stop him. We need to do ours and reach out. Suggestions who to reach out to?
Dems must propose ideas that help Amer families - Bannon manipulated them to believe Trump was only answer - Dems must get those voters back
please withhold consent on every appointment.
you better not vote for Jeff Sessions either.
if #Mnuchin doesn't gives you DISHONEST answers, then #dnc2017 should be giving him a NO VOTE. Please stay strong!
vote NO on all remaining cabinet nominees
Did he say he was part Indian? Did he steal college money set aside for Indians? You are the last person to talk about honesty
I'd like for you to vote no on all of his appointees but that's not going to happen, is it?
shes not the only one who votes. Its a team sport
But she did vote in favor of Trump nominees. So my criticism stands. (Also no shit.)
Hillary lied about emails and you are mad about a foreclosure?... you are a screwed up person Pocahontas!
of us supported a democratic candidate! & what is happening with the Russian hack investigation?  You can't dropt that ball!
#fauxcohaness Need read the "US" Constitution, understand it, and abide by it, before playing "Occupy" with our youth. #SorosPaid
thanks for fighting for us #ElizabethWarren against #SwampCabinet & #GovtByBrainfart #alternativefacts 
It makes us ill that WA BEGGED for 1 Senator to sign the electoral college block. NOT ONE of you stood to support us, knowing 3M
how many cabinet picks provided all required information. I don't understand why so many think their above the requirements
VOTE NO!

With exception of Mattis every single one of them has a negative history that should immediately disqualify them.
Please do not betray as with Carson vote because you had prvt. Interview and info we mere constiuents are not privy to. Old way
we get honest answers from you?  Hmmm
Is there really any hope of stopping this fascist, narcissistic egomaniac now that he has the power of this office? Feel helpless
Vote no on Mnuchin.
Then vote no on him. We will fight to eliminate Republicans from every office in 2018 & will protest until we do. Impeach Trump!
vote NO it's your duty
1.3 million you didn't tell us about
Are you still going to vote for him? Stop voting in these horrible choices!
Then VOTE NO please
Why should we give him our economy.  When u say, "when", that sounds like a foregone conclusion. Please say "if"
.@SenWarren It's OK, after this term you won't have all these mind bogglingly decisions to worry about
please vote against ALL cabinet members and try to talk some sense into those on the other side
What about ur conflict of interest? Does 1.3 million sound familiar? Thought so! How many foreclosed properties did u buy?
So I hope that neans you'll vote NO!  What's going on?!  @SenateDems shouldn't give an inch! JUST SAY NO!
why did no one ask: How did you not know you were buying loan servicing?  Either he is stupid or a liar. Either disqualifies him
