#VoteBlue
I was not aware that birth control is illegal!
Which was caused by letting states choose to not participate.
Single Payer like we have in Norway and all over Europe reduces cost and include health care to all. It's should be a right for all..
I have family in Sweden. Your tax rates are over 50%! No thank you!
But, you get something for your money. Free childcare, healthcare, college etc. Compare 50% tax with what you pay for those things.
If we want all of these "free" things, our tax rate will increase 50%! We will be working without having choices.
We don't have choices now.
So they want us to sink money into a fund which assures they can buy big homes, boats and expensive cars... THEN! they'll save us??!
People should pony up more wampum to pay for universal healthcare! You with me #pocahantas? @SenateGOP @SenateDems @realDonaldTrump
You want people to die!  https://www.youtube.com/embed/eXWhbUUE4ko …
Trump care is mean Spirited opposite of the Gospel @Pontifex @JohnKasich @MaddowBlog
People with Obamacare can't see their doctors cause insurance either went up so high, or insurance companies pull out. Can you explain that?
Wow...
 Really? Get  grip and do something about it! So tirred of your complaining...Americans want action!
You folks need to work healthcare COST not insurance. Explain why a medical charge is up to x10 what they will accept from ins company. #fb
I can remember in the'70's hospitals charged$7 4 1 aspirin.Wonder what it costs now.Costs like that drives our bills & bonuses for CEOs up.
Spewing lies again that's all Democrats do
That's right, the Republicans' health care Bill is a "death panel". Keep persisting!
Do you really I mean really think people will die.
If 22 million people lose their health care, yes people will die
They is not 22 million on ACA only bout 10 million
Oh only "10 million" so only 1/2 the people I thought would die, will probably die.
Have you ever known someone who died that didn't have too, if your American you probably do!
Useless Insurance...6000,00 deductible...premiums sky high...seriously???
Why don't you go get a real job !?
Thank you, Sen Warren, for sharing FACTS. Thank you for telling the TRUTH.
Thank you, Sen Warren, for resisting and persisting!
Duh!!
So in other words, keep the republican plan and kill off a bunch of us!
Uhhhhh will she ever shut up
People who have loans with WF are definitely going to their grave sooner. Elizabeth Warren do something, nail them on unlawful foreclosures.
Healthcare not wealthcare!!!! 
Union 1st!!!!
And the 307,000 veterans who died waiting for the VA would want people to reject government involvement in healthcare.
When will you start working for all the people which include all voters not just yours.
As for the deductible, mine went fm $500 to $2250 after Obamacare.
I'm ready to quit having a yearly physical cause basically I pay for it.

where the hell is your plan.  Put up or shut up
A COUNTRY WithOUT Health Insurance is a SICK COUNTRY!
you should stand for the thousands of babies that are murdered a day too!

You're a hateful Loony Leftist Pocahontas...
Wow, look!  A pure blooded American Indian!
..afford these check ups under bill, or they wouldn't be covered at all under plan, Bc it's a "preexisting condition". He could die without.
Like my husband. Recovering from bladder cancer. He gets check ups twice a year, which consist of painful procedure, we wouldn't be able..
My Dems should know:Legals who've had their jobs stolen by 11M UndocumentedJobThieves are more likely 2die (&not vote Dem) than B4 @FoxNews
USA ranks 33rd in life expectancy.
All you can do is to keep punching Elizabeth. Don't stop. Things will turn around if your party presents as a much better alternative.
You'd think that was a no brainer. That they feel the need to explain..
that's just sad.
It breaks my heart that Elizabeth Warren blew her credibility on Hillary Clinton. Kiss a dirty clit and you get a reputation.
Elizabeth LIES.  Check out @kwilli1046's Tweet:
Elizabeth Warren claims this bill is full of cuts, cuts, cuts. But Elizabeth Warren is full of lies, lies, lies. 
and Americans want you to know: people shouldn't claim to be Native Indian so they can get a position open for minorities.
I thought with Obamacare everyone had healthcare why are there people without I guess you're plan wasn't all that great Pocahontas
It is time for your DNA TEST- you skew the truth
That is a lie and you know it. Career liar lies about coverage lies about being Indian  take DNA TEST

What about people who are forced to take healthcare and don't want it?
Throw 23M off healthcare, give $569Bil to the wealthiest Americans, WHY! I don't hear them asking for a tax cut !!??
https://www.facebook.com/GreatAmericanMovement/videos/1885023855091237/ …
Remember when health care was a bottle of whiskey, and some dude sawing on your leg? Yeah...me neither.

More convincing argument for compassion-challenged GOP Senators: people without healthcare more likely to vote Democratic than people with
#FakeIndian
Posting this 2 all dems I believe in. Srsly good advice. Change rhetoric in our favor. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZSlokkddz0 … … #Trump #AHCA #25thAmendment
Better vote yes Liz..Why? If nothing passes then the disaster sticks to Obama and Dems when it completely collapse.. thats soon!
Thank you, Sen Warren. You fight for everyone-- & those that can't because they are weak & sick. Those lives matter!!!
Please explain why it's good my tax money goes to people who broke into our country? They don't need drivers licenses I have seen them let g
Lizzie, if you want to tax me to provide healthcare for a Veteran, I can live with that.  If it's for an Illegal, LET THEM DIE
Elisabeth Warren please answer me one question? How are illegals good for my family and friends? I have emailed Mrs Warren for over a year
Don't expect a reply, she doesn't have an answer.  Besides, she's too busy making nonsensical videos.
How many families do you sponsor and provide healthcare for? You can afford it more than the working stiff.
Why do they call you #FakeIndian? If you self-identify as native-American, that's all that matters right? #MondayMotivation 
#4thOfJuly2017
That's the point!  They can't send out the gunships yet,  but nothin' gets in the way of these mostly CORRUPTED FUCKS!

People with no heat are usually colder in winter,people that fall into the water are usually wet
Lower the cost the more that can afford it very simple and I didn't even go to College like you as an Indian woman
This means that they want to actually institute the death panels that NEVER appeared from the ACA. Who knew they would remember their lie?!?
Come on Pochahontas proove your actually of Indian descent and that high cheekbones alone make you an Indian#FakeNativeAmerican
#FakeNews
Pocahontas is in denial.  Just like when she got duped by her own family cherokee lies due to her paw paws cheekbones being high.

That's a lie. At 26 your heathly. At 86 your not. Thats who dies. Not someone without insurance.
#taketheDNATEST
Hard to believe these things need to be pointed out to them.
Why can't we have your plan?   It's awesome and not Obamacare and taxpayers pay for it!  Will you pay for ours?
What about the people who die because they can't afford to use Obamacare like my family and friends?
Help get rid of Obama care so Americans can keep health care.
Keep up your crying wolf @SenWarren bc 1/2 the country is laughing at you Pochahantas
Sen. Warren,  it is about the affordability of the insurance!  Do you realize the current ACA is not affordable ?#RepealAndReplace
@SenWarren is #yuge #liar
Adults need to be responsible for their own healthcare. I'm tired of being expected to pay for others' bad choices. #RepealAndReplace
100% chance we're ALL gonna die!
Warren claims 2b a Native American, took federal funds 4 college, then won't prove who she is..FAKE INDIAN, SENATOR
I'm deeply saddened @SenWarren refused my thoughtful (gift-wrapped) Birthday Gift: the 23&me DNA Test Kit.  Most unfortunate! #FakeIndian 
#charliesfight
Take the test!
If the Democrats and Obama had such a wonderful health care system, why all the fuss? Why does anything need fixed? Oh yeah it sucks!
STOP FUNDING ILLEGALS & REFUGEES with AMERICANS MONEY! Obama really hooked them up & to HELL AMERICANS, especially Christians! NO MORE!
Fear mongering not Leadership
#fakeindian
My wife worked on Medicare billing. 19 cents for a B-12 shot from medicare.  The rest ~$45 offset from those paying private insurance.
$45 is the cost of not waiting 3 months for an MRI as cancer grows in your colon. True story, happened to my cousin in Europe.
Troll
Where would the Canadian's get their imaging done then? Many Canadians come to NY hospitals for imaging because they can't wait!
Troll
Why did you guys complain about Huckabee's and Herman Cain's flat sales tax (a.k.a. VAT) then?  That is how single payer is funded in Europe
Troll
That's deceiving. Go to your local ER (a.k.a. smoke room) and see for yourself. They die from lack of self care a symptom of entitlements.
Troll
@SenWarren, you blabbering Dem. fools have demonstrated your inability to manage healthcare. Do something youre qualified for: court jester
why did you not fix prescription drugs when Cbo told you prices would skyrocket in 2010 your to blame
Why not provide VA care to Vets as good as u get. The right first step.
These horrid conditions are being imposed on all poor people collectively; do not be fooled by the wealthy crooks in charge...!
The rich are purging the poor through "Mean" health care reform, "unconstitutional" immigration laws, "Corporate Favoritism" in tax laws...!
Can't wait till your unseated by @va_shiva then we can begin to rebuild all that you and your cronies try to shove down our throats.

So ate ppl without food Nancy. See Venezuela and N Korea.
Elizabeth Warren claims this bill is full of cuts, cuts, cuts. But Elizabeth Warren is full of lies, lies, lies.
Lier lier lier
We need Town Hall meetings Senator! When??
If GOP care is so great, why wasn't it tried in past 7 yrs? Why hasn't GOP govrn's used it in their states? Using big gov 4 personal gain
We hear you want single payer health insurance.We are not a socialist country.
Are ppl who can't afford to use there coverage because of high deductibles hurt by Ocare?
A Pelosi/Waters statement Pokey. Here is one for ya...want to pay for healthcare then you are looking in the wrong place. Taxpayer $
I got to go July 03, to see my psychiatrist to get in my right mind i don't need nobody playing over my mind
The people want you to kno:If you really believed that you would have never supported the ACA which eliminated everyone's private coverage
How would you like your crow?
In other words " uh oh don't habe any argument, let me pull out my Liberal Idiots Guide to Insults Handbook!"
Hahaha still trying to find your relevance Mikey?
Death from no health care or death by abortion, what's the big deal? Right?
god damn!! My mom/sister had insurance & died. Why are you trying to fear tactic people! you're insane and only wanting division; care zero.
Yes, all those who can't get or don't have a choice re OCare would agree with you.
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
Why won't u take the test @va_shiva sent u? Oh, I forgot, u're not #Cherokee What u are is a #BoldFaced #LyingPoS What say u #Pocahontas ??
Did they teach them that in kindergarden? #Stupid
Right now they are loosing their coverage
Does that include all that lost theirs BECAUSE of Dems Ocare disaster or No?!?
And people on Obama care are dying now because they can't afford the deductible. And choose not to use it.
BRILLIANT DEDUCTION POCAHONTAS
LOL VIDEO : Trump on Fake News Media "I’m President and They’re Not" http://truthfeed.com/lol-video-trump-on-fake-news-media-im-president-and-theyre-not/87260/ … via @truthfeednews
Your right. So why do u back a plan that hurts americans?
So two things did you figure this out by ur self #captianobvious and we all die in the end. Its how we work together while here that counts
I know this all too well as my daughter is dying and insurance doesn't want to help her
People that talk crap usually don't have a job long
People that can't see fall down more than people that can see
Most people are likely to die, it's inevitable
Single payer will kill people https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/worldviews/wp/2017/06/29/against-his-parents-wishes-this-terminally-ill-infant-will-be-allowed-to-die/ ….   Here's what happens when you put gov't in charge of health care
No shit Sherlock
Watch this video
When you start incentivizing diet/exercise, penalizing smokers and limiting welfare to healthy food then share your thoughts on Healthcare.
GOP doesn't care.
They just care about the money Obama promised. Profits doubled last year under ACA...its corporate welfare when there is 28 million without.
Remind me Beth, who is paying for Medicaid? Taxpayers? No wrong. NO ONE is, we are borrowing to pay it. That must STOP or that nation dies
Oops- I think we forgot to "read" the bill.... just looking out for you dude!
Please do us all a favor and cut the BS!
84M died from socialism in the last century alone. Historians, healthcare professionals, economist and the nation want you to know that.
What a genius but more people die with healthcare then without Pocahontas

Elizabeth Warren claims this bill is full of cuts, cuts, cuts. But Elizabeth Warren is full of lies, lies, lies. 
Go take them on Sen. Warren!
We need to stop the lobbyists and their bribes...er...donations. You know once they get on the teat they don't want to leave. (Sarcasm font)
Forcing citizens to pay for unnecessary health coverage with ridiculously high premiums and deductibles does not equate to good healthcare.
Sen Warren is it so important to save Obama's failing "legacy" that you must resort to fear mongering, half truths and propaganda?
You are not "for the people" you are all about socialistic control....ya Marxist.
Is that what has been happening under ObamaCare???  Is that how you know???
Fake INJUN
We didn't have health care. I'm 75 just had chicken pox and mumps. Worked 35 years. Got AFib at 68. Covered by Blue Cross
Without health care, my son with C.P., my aging wife, and me 63 years young will suffer in this Christian nation. Evil is in the WH.
They may have the healthcare but if they can't afford to use it .... what does it matter?
Unfortunately the loss of life associated with Republican Senate healthcare(loss) plan is suspiciously likely to be intentional. Attrition!!
Give me a break. Stop the rhetoric. We all want good healthcare for all we just believe different ways to get there.


'cus, people will die!!!
Your killing my family under YOUR OBAMACARE!  Why did you do that to us!?  GOP Please save us from people like Warren!!!
People will die!!! 
I got a novel idea why don't you donate your salary and health care to set an example
Why do you allow health-services to charge the uninsured more than the insured?
http://teawithft.blogspot.com/2017/03/health-transformation-alliance-should.html …
Also people who are shot more likely to die than those who are not, but they won't believe that either.
Daaaaaa, that's why you make it so people need to work who are able!!! Millions are sucking Medicare dry!! Get them into the work force !!
Can We have good quality medical care without high premiums? Can everyone who chooses not to work be covered by Medicaid?  Of course not.
Healthcare bankruptcy is hard but protecting our money from IRS scams shouldn't be. The IRS is incompetent. Save us!
What a load of CRAP!
It's comforting hearing my own words coming out of my senator's mouths. At least some politicians still know how to listen.
#SaveOurCare
You look good here.
Thats why we need to repeal and replace Obamacare. Because people are dropping out because it is unaffordable.
It's a shame that has to be spelled out.
WATCH: @Reason Magazine DESTROYS Pocahontas and her fear-mongering over the healthcare bill!
I agree with Senator Warren
Healthcare stocks at all time highs under Obamacare. Who benefitted? How much did their lobbyists send your way?
Duh!
Some WILL lose current plan but another plan will replace it.  PLEASE stop lying to the American public.
The only defense we have for proper health care is you and the other 47 with you and maybe a GOP here and there - keep up the fight
