Embarrassing for @UMass to have someone as bat shit crazy as this to speak to our young people's future.
So embarrassing!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
What part was embarrassing?
The message to students should not be leaning politics one way or the other. Not to mention her integrity isn't exactly above board.
MothersDay great time to advise you not look to work with "two toungue" @SenWarren ! Unless you are man of course! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
How much did that cost them? I am sure u let them know u where the smartest person there.
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
these kids are in for a shock! The world owes you nothing!! You earn everything! But you rambled on!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
I was honored to see my son graduate yesterday without politics! Way to go ruining a special day of those grads by spewing political bs!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
I can't wait to vote her out!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
"Buy my book, it's on sale as you leave".  That's my bet for the closing statement. "I'm all about me and you should be too" #disgrace
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
Speech was pathetic rich hypocrite sending a message to college grads that is not a good thing to aspire for wealthy #worstpoliticalspeech
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
DeVos is a disgrace, she has no right to be near any school.
They were SO lucky to have you speak to them
Omg  what a blow hard!! You politicians can use a lot of words to say absolutely nothing. It's truly amazing .
Sad that u made ur speech political. This was about them, not ur agenda. U should b  #inspiring grads  not #indoctrinating them #sad
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
They bood you the whole time 
That's a lie, I was there!
Should have taught them how to commit fraud depicting a different race like you did. You are pathetic and a embarrassment.
I am glad they could graduate with the insanse organge clown cutting education funds
What right is it of people to get a higher education paid for by the rest of us?
Because the rich ought to pay for the education of our own people not India or China
why don't all the millionaire & billionaire democrats shell out the money? Why are the rich at all?? They are only out for themselves.
Hey Pocahontas! You should watch POTUS at Liberty University then you can see how real Americans do commencement ceremonies.
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
Sounds to me like you Dems are suffering from Denial Embedded Mentality Syndrome. You know, D.E.M.S. get over it, you lost!
Once again you proved to be a schmuck over and over again
must be nice to have the freedom to speak at a campus.
I wonder if she advises the graduating class, to be truthful on their resumes. That would be sage advise  Pocahontas.
Just shut up and dance Indian bitch
Thank you for tweeting. You put the Peach in impeachment.
And yet @SenWarren endorsed @HillaryClinton
How is Hillary Clinton not under investigation? Perhaps the Democrats should be asking why is she not being prosecuted #Trump45 #FBIDirector 
How do you look yourself in the face when you look at the mirror every morning knowing that you lie like you do. Un American
You were embarrassing. You are the joke. And an unfunny one at that.
embarrassing
No one is above the law! Let's start the deportations then! Oh wait you want to pick and choose typical politician
sad that U have to politicize everything.  I notice that you have achieved nothing since entering office. #Jealous?
"No one is above the law." Unless your name is Clinton or Clapper.
A woman scorned that needs to retire in her $5.4 million dollar mansion. What an embarrassment to the students. Angry old woman
I was surprised to hear you speak of @HillaryClinton so candidly. Lock her up!
Did you charge them the usual 400k speaking fee?
Did u tell them how to lie on an application?  Phony
when you speak to college grads the next time please make sure you focus on them not you
So sorry for them after 4 years of hard work they had to get you as their speaker. I would have walked out.
yes, congrats!  You made it through a Warren speech without ripping your head from your body and stomping on it
It just seems to me that nothing is going to be done to stop him    why !!!!!!
And you ruined their graduation with a partisan belch. Not sure if you're just low class or no class.
No one wants to hear you bashing our President Trump! #SoreLoser
No one's above the law prosecute those involved with Fast and Furious
No one's above the law I want an independent counsel to prosecute those that on Mast General Flynn
No one is above the law when an independent counsel to prosecute those in the IRS targeting
Agreed nobody is above the law morning independent counsel into the Hillary Clinton email scandal
Lizzy, your hateful speech was confirmation of your insane-ness. Grads were trapped and HAD to listen. Shame on you
so glad you agree that nobody is above the law. now if you will call to reopen the clinton investigation to prove you are not lying "again".
No one is above the law  EXCEPT Eric Holder & Hillary Clinton! Just to mention a couple of Dem's that got away. You are so FULL OF IT!!
Such a LYING hypocrit. If no one is above the law then I await your calling 4 reinvestigation into Hillary's crimes, Lynch, Rice, etc
Is there anything that you will not LIE about for POLITICAL gain or ?! CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION between COLLUSION between HRC & FOREIGN !
CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION BETWEEN HRC & MSM COLLUSION TO STEAL ELECTION FROM BERNIE CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION OF MAXINE WATERS  2 HER FAMILY!
CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION of Uranium deal, CLINTON FOUNDATION, Pay 4 Play, CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION of in the night  transfer by Obama to Iran
CALLING 4 Bill Clinton paid speeches. WHY ARENT DEMS CALLING 4 INVESTIGATION INTO THESE CRIMES IF NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW? Oh DEMS ABOVE LAW
Where were you when Obama wiped his rear with our Constitution, what did you do to bring justice for the Benghazi 4, You are unscrupulous!
Sad @SenWarren  can't address anything without making it political? You are an embarrassment to your party! #Pocahontas
You are a fool....
so u politicized a commencement speech?  No 1 above law?  Hmm Clinton not someone? Lynch not someone? U not someone?
Your speech must have been talking about you. Your the Obstructionist. What a shame that you're pushing your agenda at a college.
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
You are a hypocrite
Elizabeth Warren is a crook. A crooked politician!
I love that her Twitter Feed is full of nothing but hate. Just like Elizabeth Warren herself
I bet the wet their pants in anticipation of hearing you.  And then they walked away saying..WTF was that about
And YOU made an ass of yourself with your hypocrital political rant.  They deserved better.
Great commencement speech at UMASS-AMHERST on 5/12/2017!
A bigot and a fraud everything that's wrong with this country.
This wasn't your day lady, this was the graduates. Bringing politics into the speech was pretty low class.
Nobody above the law u left outHRC and fake Indians u hypocrite
Why encourage graduates with student loan debt to antagonize gov't instead of be responsible and pay back their debts?
#MAGA
You are the dumbest person the dem o rats could have on their side. miss Native American. Ha. Ha. Ha.
So why shouldn't a college student b responsible to pay the student debt they rightfully incurred? Why should I (taxpayer) b the one 2 pay ?
Your speech was horrible just like your political career. I can't wait to see you get crushed next election! I feel bad for the graduates.
Very low class of you to politic at this graduation ceremony!
Too bad your speech was so pathetic
Hold up you said no one is above the law? But yet you want illegals to walk right in?
say hi to suzi orman, i waiting on a refund on the credit card scam.
What DOJ has ti do with this graduation speach?? Brainwashing kuds to fit ur far left political agenda is not apropriate! Ur a disgrace!
How dare u use ur speach for this kids to push ur far left political platform?? Why accuse DOJ @ this UN?! Totally unapropriate! Shame on u!
She has #noshame #nomorals
It's so awesome how you never miss an opportunity to be a hate filled Liberal ass! Kudos for that @SenWarren
Yes.. go trump supporters! . Trump to win mass in next election?  Pokohonas must go!
trump knows how to give a commencement speech, you don't

Go UMASS!
For once I agree with you. No one is above the law. let's prosecute HRC for her crimes; server in the basement, classified emails, lied 2
Perhaps your $500,000 dollar teaching salary you got while pretending to be Native American has contributed to the student dept epidemic
I'm looking forward to voting you out of office.
You ARE the wealthy and clueless about the poor. Political haranguing based in hypocracy makes you unbelieveable
Stop getting paid to speak at colleges, they cost too much already!! Fix that instead of making money!! Donate money back#biggesthypocrite
You are a hypocrite Liz. Your speech was self serving and hateful, just like you. If no one is above the law why isn't Hillary in jail!
1%is you Elizabeth, will you stop making policies for the rich like you?#biggesthypocrite
I agree no one is above the law. The goes 4 all the Dems like the Clinton's, obama, holder.
Time 4 the double standard to end. time 4 dems who have gotten by with chrime to be locked up.Time to deport soros the owner of the dems
Wondering what you have given to society that is so helpful & change worthy other than hate speak
quit obstructing our country with all ur drama It's horrible u ruin those kids graduation day with ur political crap!
 it has to be about u
And as far as obstruction of Justice , thus may come as a shock are u sitting down? Obama has obstructed justice for the last 8yrs. Reality
Hypocrisy at it's finest! U r very wealthy, so r u against yourself? Maybe u should work for free or donate $ like potus
U said "nobody is above the law" in your speech. I agree! Let's start with H. Clinton, Obama, Holder, Lynch & the entire DNC! Lock Them Up!
Did they pay you another 400k for the speech?
YOU just can't resist POISONING the minds of America's YOUTH at every turn! Disgraceful! BUT you always FAIL to tell them how RICH you are!!
Obstruction of justice you speak about your lying hypocrite
When you said no one is above the law I'm sure you meant Hillary, Bill, the IRS, Uranium sales, Israel election, Obama's $400k speech, etc!
HILLARY IS NOT ABOVE THE LAW & THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL DEMAND THAT THE POTUS REOPEN THE EMAIL CASE.SHE BROKE MANY LAWS AND WE WANT JUSTICE!
Ur speech was offensive to me! Shameful to lie that potus is guilty of being above the law! U & hrc r above the law
I want you be my mummy
Thank you for making my mom sick at graduation yesterday! she wanted to walk out but didn't want to ruin entire day.
Resist Because they are in debt. That's Liberal policies. Free college for illegals and foreigners getting your tuition assistance
Did you get $400,000 to show up ?
Did you get booed ?
I hope so. Nothing but trash talk
You're an apricot
Please Elizabeth don't patronize us, ppl aren't idiots...sure some are clearly "above the law" like Hillary Clinton was & probably u too
@SenWarren I truly believe you suffer from Border Line Personality Disorder & require immediate psychiatric help. Medication is required!!
Noooooooooooooooo!!! Medication will take away her craziness.
Why didn't you wear your Native American dress?
In ur speech u forgot to mention u r part of 1% investigate how Senators/Congressman become millionaires on $170,000 a year tax returns
Total hypocrisy. Ms Stolen Feathers talking about "the rich" of which you are one. Do you even listen to yourself? Insanity.
We know you "can't help yourself"! That's why you wear  Depends®
You're right Justice should be equal for all. 
lock up Hillary 
lock her up 
lock her up
lock her up
Right on sister 
My children went to UMass.It's not a place to talk about Your negative view on politics.We vote in 2! #UNITE
Pocahontas
@SenWarren guess what, we do need an investigation and prosecution, of #HillaryClinton as you say, NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW #lockherup
I agree no one's Above the Law even 11 million illegal immigrants
I bet they did not Lie about who they are to rip off the People for funding to get through school, Pocahontas!
Too bad the only "Democrats" left (lol, see how I did that) are the "elite" "Democrats." (Congrats @BernieSanders )
Life in the United State not for her
To bad he can't field Democrats
You love yourself.
#DNCFraudLawsuit
Lying thieving Dems leave the POTUS alone
I'm sure you were warmly welcomed unlike Devos @bethunecookman! 
how much hate did u spew their
Bummer...I guess this means you won't be speaking at my commencement there next year!
Be sure to tell them to tune into Venezuela events with socialism on full display Ms Socialist Pocahontas
Yes! #umass2017 Class a job well done
I'm going there next year! 
How wonderful it must have been to have the commencement speaker wearing a cap and gown they actually earned.
No they didn't ! It took a village (or tribe in your case)
Good times
Lizzy, I sure hope they don't follow your example.
Love the Legally Blond reference!!
Wish I could have been there to protest your rasist beliefs. Another time.
Son graduated at today's Master's degree ceremony. Wish you spoke there too!
