Too bad I couldn't decide with my family if we wanted to give up our house or get a free pass when we got behind on our mortgage payments.
I told you exactly how this ends the 1st time you called me but you asked for a chance. This "kinder, gentler" WF is a load of crap, all PR.
Hi, Shannon. I’ve sent you a DM. Please check your messages at your convenience. Thanks. ^LM
I called BEFORE trouble started, WF made it 10xs worse having me pay half mortgage for a yr, demand backpay after telling me we could refi.
I have sent you a reply privately, Shannon. ^NR
Why?
Shannon, we communicate sensitive information privately to ensure the security of all parties involved. Thank you. ^SJ
Nothing sensitive being discussed here. Y'all lied on 2 occassions to me, those are facts. Nothing sensitive about that.
And voters should hold you accountable for questionable integrity issues i.e. Lying to get a Harvard job
Nothing was done when they put a lock on my home while I was out & forclosed... on millions! Made up lies! Families Homeless! Lives ruined!
Based on the fact that adolf trump was "elected" president, money holds more power than justice now.
I should buy a share to vote against the board. Like our elections, someone with more money will have their vote count for more than mine.
Wow, that's almost like senators voting themselves a pay raise. The pot calling the kettle black. Smh
He's a citizen now so it doesn't matter.
Hmmmm I thinking a free pass.
If it's "fraud" why are people not in jail? Where are the ones that are supposed to keep them accountable?
"Whatever is most profitable."
NO FREE PASS! Enough of the corporate greed!!
You call FRAUD, then where is the LAW & ORDER ENFORCEMENT. Criminal prosecution is what is needed. Losing their Board job = no punishment.
Greed makes strange bedfellows.
hold them accountable!!
Yes, that is how capitalism works...
don't be upset, we gave you the free pass when you told us you were Native American to gain advantage
Maybe they will get lucky and have James Comey...
Seems like the government is giving them the free pass
They didn't.  Everyone kept their jobs. Surprising!
And I think a new board would do the same thing. The bank only answers to the shareholders not ethics or the public. Good time to sell.
They looked to @POTUS44 for advise; he had the high rating you like. So you will be happy to know they're following his example@POTUS
if the board is democrats they will get a free pass
77% of @wellsfargo is owned by funds, and other banks. @WarrenBuffett is largest, the board answers to its friends. SMH.
WellsFargo shareholders, are you down with this 'give them a pass' crap?
When can we decide your fate as Senator? You are terrible
You mean a "free pass" like Obama gave Wall St. after 2008 meltdown?
They need to hold the board accountable
As shareholders in the USA, the citizens CLEARLY want to hold our board responsible for our government's fraud.
.@WellsFargo’s shareholders get to decide if they will hold their board accountable for their bank’s fraud or just give them a free pass.
"We think we will give ourselves a written warning and hopefully we have learned our lesson."
Town hall with someone like me.  I have questions, waiting.on answers.  I support the cause but the message is hatefilled.  Dare you.
@SenWarren your hard stance.on everything is so off putting.  I'm an independent liberal that won't support your hard stances.
People are terrible.  Do you think the head of WF knew this was going on?  Middle management knew and hid the truth.
And Obama is speaking to the banks for a huge fee! You Democratic hypocrites are something else.
Why aren't they (WF execs) in jail?
You gave them a free pass for years. All of this started under your watch.
Doesn't bank fraud fall under regulations you are a part of writing. Pass the buck, collect Wall Street donations for your next campaign.
the board just takes accountability for shareholders, that's cannibalism; corporate games are cannibalism game at all levels it must be end
My money is on free pass. Because,  why do the right thing?
Fraud recognize fraud Elizabeth Warren A.k.a Fauxcahontas
BUT it IS a problem. Anyone who has seen @ContinuumShow knows how it all ends....
We are all WAY more concerned with the #MoscowianCandidate & #NorthKorea than w the corrupt corporations right now.
Meanwhile you owe a real Native American kid a college education out of your pocket
But who holds the most shares?  This sounds rigged to me!
Sounds like the Republicans in Congress
Hmm, which will make me more MONEY. Ok, I'll vote THAT WAY. Sigh. People with money got no heart/conscience. Like @POTUS.
Gee, thats gonna be a tough vote - profit or loss?! Bet they vote to give em all a raise instead!
isn't Elaine Chao, Mitch McConnell's wife on this Board?
Wells Fargo has gotten a pass.. Way too corrupt and way too powerful.. A deep investigation needs to take place
I hate to say it, but my money is on the free pass.
The major share holders are other banks, they look after their own and never admit their mistakes in investing in dodgy schemes
Yeah lets roll back some more regulations.... #Resist #Persist Go get 'em Elizabeth
They opened 6 accts under my name! I was charged $12 per month per acct. 3 of them were business accts when I don't even OWN a business!!!!!
And who holds you accountable Pocahontas?
Imagine the flutter of Golden Parachutes if the stockholders actually were to act. Can you say #meritlesshandouts?
They opened accounts in the name of my 94yo grandfather without his consent; a WW2 vet with the Purple Heart. Crime is crime, lock THEM up.
Voters will be holding you accountable for lying about being Native American and profiting on your lie
I'll take a wild guess, here. I say they get a free pass + bonuses. Call me cynical, but I trust none of them.
I'm sure if they had ethics or basic human empathy they'd care.
They had best be held accountable.  Have family members scammed by Wells Fargo.
No free pass. Greed shouldn't pay well. How about starting here and then moving up the food chain to the WH?
Drain the swamp!
Hmmmmm, I wonder how that will go?
Which makes it their business. Why u poking ur #libtard nose in it Pocahontas
because that is part of her job..idiot..she is a ranking member of the sub FICP. Look it up
Seriously? Watch as these low integrity douche bags get raises and bonuses.
lets see. they employ, what, 200,000 people? and youd like them screwed?
Why hold WF accountable?  You know all too well avoiding accountability, no congressional oversight #CFPB
Wish America was more like Iceland in how they treat the criminals in Finance
I pulled all my money out & put it in a credit union. Others can do it too!
: This is the solution. Hit them on their bottom line!
They should hold them as accountable as if the fraud was done to them, not by them.
Good place for the board to be taken into custody. Impressive perp walk.
OMG, let us know right away. This will change everything! Such a big decision that will affect poor immigrants and lgtq people everywhere!
Who will hold you accountable for your fraudulence?You lied about being NativeAmerican so you could get a job over more qualified candidates
Totally the same thing. 
I think im quite capable of deciding, they just havent pissedme off enough yet
Unlike politicians who just point the finger at the opposing party.
Hear your boy is raking it in on Wall Street to the tune of $400,000.. DemoRATS
Who is her boy?
How so?
No accountability, it figures!
Again, you misspelled "BoWels Fargo"...
