No place for liars in the senate-. Warren is nicknamed “Fauxcahontas” because she lied about being Native American
Pocahontas every time you open your Yap you disqualify yourself are you listening I don't think so
LOL
Unfortunately bigotry racism religious intolerance HAS A PLACE IN TRUMP's WORLD & WH This nominee is NO DIFFERENT than majority of his team
And your Native American lies should disqualify you.
You've proven repeatedly you aren't qualified to be a Senator.
you're disqualified from representing since you're so far to the left and soooo out of touch with the majority of Americans!
Dear @SenWarren Pls end US military involvement in US/Saudi war crimes in #Yemen .
good news this nominee has withdrawn. But vigilance is key - if exhausting. We persist.
We feel you're bigoted against anyone who voted for Pres Trump. 1/2 the Nation feels you're disqualified from the Senate.
So, he said that Psychiatrists have said that trans is an illness and Psychs have said that. He asserted that there is a God Wow!
There is no place for bigotry? Ms. Warren, the army has no place for people that are too sensitive to take a little criticism.
If people could be disqualified from leadership for saying stupid things, you and most of Congress would be out of a job.
You speak as if bigotry hasn't been within our army since it's conception. Are we doing something new to rid ourselves or just talking good?
Official DOD policy promoted equality at least back 2 1979 when I entered AF. Equal opportunity briefing part of assignments. Not perfect.
What about the bigotry among demwits against Trump? Demwit bigotry has no bounds attacking children &businesses just because they are there!
1LT Skelton agrees.
KS Army National Guard...resigned
Resigned=not a 1LT
well since I didn't retire and full filled my obligations what would you say?
No no
@TheDemocrats Add his fervor 4 support of teaching the intelligent design theory (creationism rebranded) over Darwin's theory of evolution.
Have you ever served? You know nothing about the military so shut up Poco
This is correct. This does not make diversity our greatest strength. That's lunacy.
what about making fun of reporters with disabilities and what was said on Acc. H?  Should this have not disqualified someone..?
Nope!! He's their god, remember?? He can do no wrong. Whip it out and stroke it on live TV and they'd applaud.
Didn't you know? The left is expected to lie! That's what they do! And kill babies


No place for you in politics either let alone in elected office.
@SenWarren It is sad that when I have to educate my 3 year old grandchild on being honest and lying that I use you, Nancy  & dems as e.g
@SenWarren trans is a mental health condition in medical diagnosis, Islam doesn't need to be taught in school until Jesus is too. You suck
When did you become an expert in the U.S. Army?  It has been diverse fighting force for a long time.
No place 4 your bigotry neither.
Neither lying yet you are still a senator liealotta Pocahontas
You don't know shit about the army or serving in it so stop acting like you care about it
how about there's no place for bigotry in this country
There is no place for a sitting senator to say she wants to cut open those Americans that didn't vote for her party's nominee.
Their no place for liars in the US Congress that would disqualify Lizzie and out the door she goes.
How about lying to get into college seems like u should have to repay that!
there's no place for bigotry in the house or in the senate!
And yet Hillary showed hers daily yet you want her for pres. Make up your mind because you sound senile.
So did Trump's, and yet, here we are. :-/
Senator Warren- I agree, but look at the leader of the pack- his statements disqualify him for a job at Jiffy Lube...
Really beginning to lose respect for you. Talking about Obama fee, rather than trump's treason? Get your priorities straight! Or MoveOn ...
So, Democrats say Big Banks/Wall Street are monsters, but it is alright to take personally money from them? I don't understand....
When you get out of bed w @BernieSanders , we'll talk. Meanwhile, stop bashing @BarackObama .
There is no place for the bigotry you spew every day either. People she wants to cut people open.
Hey Liz, any comment on the 2 mill Obamas are donating? You were all over the 400k, let's hear kudos about his donation! Are you a real Dem?
2020!
So the things you say about Trumps voters are ok u r as bad as anyone for bigotry and ridicule of American people this should disqualify u
When have you ever supported our military? You let obama practically tie our commanders hands. Speak with forked toungue...
but falsely claiming Native American Heritage to get a job is well within your moral campus. Dances with facts tweets again.
You're a double standard.
I agree.  Anyone who enhances the military's ability to kill should be embraced; those who don't shouldn't be considered for service.
There is no place to say you're Native American to scam the system, you should resign!
The dems r some of the biggest bigots arround, Just ask clinton the new leader of the resistance party
There's no room for people like u that lie about their heritage to make money off colleges
Shouldn't your misrepresentation of your heritage disqualify u from leadership?
Your scholarship fraud disqualifies you from elected office, but here we are.
Agree
Just a couple feathers short of a head dress
You're incompetent but you're still in office
Thats why u should be kicked out of politics DIZZY LIZZY !!
The next war will be fought with pushbutton ease from a long way away from the war zone we do not need more soldiers
Pocahontas speaks.
What would you know of bigotry, Pocahontas.
He can't remember sexually assaulting any women nor does he remember anything : anything. Anything! He's dumb as a box of rocks!
DT tried 2 manufacture russian woman N2 U.S. bride, turn his kids away from mom, clear case of schizophrenia naw alzhimerizes.
You tell them Pocahontas
I gree, are you going to apply the same standard when calling out Violent protests, there is no place for that either regardless of agenda?
Just like Clinton is unfit to be President! cant have it both ways Lizzy!
Not in this administration.
Trump could nominate Sgt. York and you would have an issue, Stop your grandstanding
Agree
On the contrary, there is no known way to excise the bigots from our existing system.  Spend a day on a .mil base.
you're disqualified from being where ;you are Pocahontas liar
@SenWarren How about UC Berkeley, when conservatives are scheduled to speak to students who want a different point of view? #freedomofspeech
This administration builds its foundation upon that of #Racism #Bigotry #Misogyny #HateCrime and #Discrimination. #DrainTheSwamp
Regrettably you and your progressive liberal socialist are the ultimate in bigotry!
Facts not fiction! Why are you always misrepresenting issues? Please be truthful!
You lies about being an American Indian disqualify you from a lot of things but you still have a job.
Hey Liz! Guess what, the entire country are Bigots. Intolerance toward others for different beliefs = Dems & Repubs. #thealtmiddle.net
Trump has said things far worse about everyone who isn't a Christian white male in the top 1%.  When will the monster be held accountable?
Sure you want to go down the road of what disqualifies someone? Are you sure Pocahontas?
.@SenWarren Not at all suprised. Thursday Trump is set to EO the rights of millions of LGBT into dust. Religious Freedom = discrimination.
This @PFLAG mom agrees!
But what about white freemason bigot officers in the military ?
When @realDonaldTrump calls you "Pocahontas", point out she's an American hero. Way better nickname than Donald Dumpsterfire. @BenSasse
what about UR continued comments about POTUS, his base & other GOP
Y R'nt U disqualified? U R no leader just an obstructionist

#Pocahontas
Agree
Or at Fenway?
@realDonaldTrump @DrMarkGreen4TN #LicenseToDiscriminate @USArmy @DeptofDefense #wednesdaymotivation
.@SenWarren I'd follow Goose anywhere.
Trump goes OUT OF HIS WAY 2 pick most unqualified & inappropriate cronies for every job, including family. Needs them around like a blankee.
Lying about being Native disqualifies you as Senator
and lying about your race is.....? ok?
I deeply feel all your unpatriotic comments toward @POTUS administration disqualify you from any presidential run in 2020, Pocahantas!!
, only a narcissist can call someone else a bigot
What about all the rape in the armed forces that is ignored? Veterans deserve better.Who is disqualified for this?
Yet Trump got in.it makes me sick. There is so much hate.
You are nuts!...you never served, you have no clue...conform to UCMJ!!!
Oh am sure he will get confirmed anyway
All the  you've said disqualifies you from leadership.
thank for your leadership 
I cant figure out which scum floats higher.....Liarwatha or her supporters.
The ppl in Massachusetts need to give Geoff Diehl a really good look.....he's not a panderer.
how about not repealing the ACA? where is your voice on this?
go work
He is a disgrace to the uniform
Gen Greene?  Highest ranking to die in combat since Vietnam.  Obama didn't even show his face at funeral. Cmdr in Chief didn't go to funeral
And current CiC dodged with magic bone spurs. They should all be ashamed
Words don't necessarily = beliefs.  Just like when we make fun of you for imagining You're an Indian.  We Don't dislike Indians, just liars.
If you don't like liars how can you admire the trump? I dislike hypocrisy
There is already plenty of that associated with trump.
Trump trying to replace Army sec who is gay with a homophobe Scope's monkey  denier? Any doubt of Trump's SOP? Its to take on a dump on us.

Like your Harvard application
You don't know the definition of the word
Didn't see you make any comments about Colbert.  Oh that's right, it is bigotry/hatred/homophobia you agree with.   #GarbagePolitics

When people "debate" by trying to change the subject, you know they know their stance is indefensible.
I believe Shari is referring to 45s profane verbal masterbation. I'll add my $0.2 that all he's ever been successful at is ejaculating.
Why are judiciary hearings about phone hacking when we really need to know if voting machines in MI, PA, FL, NC, and WI were tampered with?
From MI and voting machines fine The fraud was in Detroit's registrations and voters ratios.
little irony in this, considering the army's function
Agree so did Jeff Sessions but ....
I agree.. Except I will expand on that and say that there is no room for bigotry ANYWHERE
WRONG! It makes him the perfect person in a leadership role. Don't forget we are now living in Trump Inc America-woman gets arrested 4 laugh
There should be no place for bigotry PERIOD but look who is the so-called leader of our Country! Work on that impeachment!!! He must go!
There is no place for fake native americans in this country
ASKER OLMAA İDER OLL  DERDDİİ BABAMM  BABAMIN BABAIDA ASKERİNİNİN ÖNÜÜNDE LERLEYE KOMUTA LDER OL DERDİİ LDERLG ÇOCUKLUKTA BENMSEDİM DR TEDAV
from ER? Man is a saint! So good with his daughter
I'm so glad I'm not the only one who thought this
You are valued more than you think.  Thank you thank you!
I point you out to my daughter as why our govt deserves respect in light of Trump.
Amen!!
Any one nominated for anything will get a no vote from you...time to move on...HRC lost there is a POTUS so stop obstructing and work
Unbecoming of an officer? Kick him out
Of course, there's a place for bigotry in the US Army. Right next to sexual harassment and rape.
How can #bigotry be justified by @USArmy when it’s disproportionately manned by minorities? #markgreen must feel they’re #cannonfodder.
In Trump World we are all #cannonfodder in one way or another - female, gay, rational thinkers, science believers, non-evangelicals, etc.
Well faking native American ancestry probably should disqualify you, but you don't seem too worried about it lol
I agree with you, Elizabeth, but unfortunately not in Trump's world.
Is there room for those who misrepresent their race like there is in Congress?
And yet EVERY Republican will vote for the guy!
What'd he say?
Along with his other comments. An assault on Transgendered people is an assault on our freedoms and rights to choose for ourselves. Stop him
Yea right.. go back to sleep in ma.. Massachusetts needs to vote you out for good..go join hillary..
Ok Pochahontus
You may be a Cult 45 sycophant if...
What exactly did he say that is more offensive than lying about being an Indian for personal gain?
: Your name is well chosen. Yr mother must've been warned she was carrying Rosemary's baby. @SenWarren
Yo weren't you Pocahontas a couple of years ago???
No the term was "Phauxcahontas."

When a Wicca Priestess Barbie becomes popular, she'll recast herself as that too
Wouldn't want any bigots killing brown children
Nor any Senators pretending to be one.
Big time nutter from my home state. Block him.
You should be disqualified from being a Senator. #draintheswamp
The same standard should apply to our Commander-in-Chief...
What comments?
he's out of the tribe?
You're a sellout and you owe Bernie an apology
Public apology
