Under Trumpcare, 445k MA residents would lose healthcare. We’d lose $10B in state funding. And out-of-pocket costs would skyrocket.
Trumpcare isn’t a health care plan – it’s a cruel joke. We need to fight back with everything we have to make sure it never becomes reality.
I have auto-immune disorder. J&J gives me a $1500 a month drug for free. The pharmaceutical industry has more mercy than Trump or Congress.
Your drug is not free. The costs to develop, produce, market, transport, and insure the drug have been passed on to other customers.
Seriously. "Customer". I don't know who lost the genetic lottery worse, me for having the disorder, or you for being born without a brain.
And here fly the insults. Again without knowing anything about me you chose to insult my intelligence. Pathetic.
Elmiron is a 30 year old drug that has a cost the pharmaceutical company itself judged was unobtainable by the patient.
Get rid of Warren NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW #DBACKS
Douchenozzle Squaw: that's Obamacare that hit your stupid state like a sledgehammer.

But you got the "care" part right.
Maybe these newly uninsured can get jobs and purchase their own healthcare, or maybe you could recommend a good medicine man
ObamaCare > TrumpDontCare
More playbook scare tactics from Elizabeth Warren lies
Meaning losers won't get their benefits paid by people who actually work. Sledgehammer away!
Just what the Dr called for!
3.4M cut for low income fuel assistance?  WTF?
And FYI a new terrorist attack has happened and hit Britain like a sledgehammer any comments on that????
...he has to pass his tax cuts to the 1% on the backs of the vulnerable! 
Nice...it will end that destructive Obamacare insanity.  By the way Liz premium increases over the past five years with Obama care...up 100%
You and the Boston Globe should go straight to Hell. Buy The Herald and learn something
Kind of like the opinions of the energizer bunny/ scarecrow. Rule or Ruin
And Obamacare hasn't? FOOL
Yes a lot of people will choose not to buy health care that is there right. It should not be forced on them #fakenews
Think , the Russians have taught communism to our colleges and schools, they are influencing mainstream media who are all democrats.
Someone needs to hit you with one
All of those poor people that voted for and continue to support the monster that 45 is don't realize they are betting against themselves.
Oh look, chicken little is at it early.
I wish I was a Mass. resident. I would work SO hard for you. At 72 & active in politics I have never been so proud of a Sen as I am with you
I hope it passes it has to be better than what the people of Mass have. I know people who are paying a lot of money for insurance
Could we leave MA alone, and hit you with the sledgehammer?
*gulp*
Lies will be more better than Obama Homosexual care
It's embarrassing just to watch you guys on television make such fools of yourselves the cart way ahead of the horses
You're just like you've been the last eight years you have no agenda other than socialism in the destruction of America as we know it
Why don't you talk about your plan? The Democratic leadership spends a lot of time criticizing but providing no solutions to anything
So obvious you're subversive propagandists. You reek with politics but no substance
The fact is the Senate has the proposed bill, they're amending it yet might even write a whole new bill
You guys just hate the free market system so much You will lie through your teeth.
So hilarious because the Obama care bill was a disaster and you owe on that. Gross incompetency
How you can sit there and speak your propaganda. Trump care is still in the Senate it will be amended extensively
Ughz! #Trumpcare
Where's the CBO - wasnt it supposed to be out today????
Tomorrow
Could you please ask the WH about those Carrier jobs that left after the tax break? Evidence of how Trump went bankrupt so many times.
Do you know why this will go through? Because Trump and Republicans don't care.
Don't you mean like a tomahawk?
Breaking News - I don't care what happens in Massachusetts!!! I live in Indiana.
Sorta like Obamacare hit the rest of USA
You sure don't have a problem spending other peoples money,
The sky is falling
Move to Delaware
That's what happens when you develop an entitlement state. if you didn't destroy business and drive them out of your state they'd be ok.
Is this pay back by Trump for voting against him?
Liz its the Globe! What do you expect to say positive things about Trump. They are on ur side.
Under existing studies using educated people w REAL names proves ObamaCare is Dead & your coverage follows.
The other 90 % vote too
Hooray!
Boston Globe? Please!
Lying Lizzie...there you go again. Hopefully people will fact check your nonsense. Stop believing everything the Globe puts out...FAKE NEWS
Lol..only people worried about the budget are the losers milking the system....
Maybe it needs a good sledgehammer.
To bad....
I think a state of almost 7M (admittedly wimpy) liberals can take a hit from a simple sledge hammer honey. You need to up your metaphor game
Maybe compare it to an A-bomb, an H-bomb, or the holocaust. But a sledge hammer?
Thank you Senator Warren. Trump admin is a dumpster fire. Keep the pressure on.
The other 90% in Massachusetts can pay for the 19% uninsured.
Really? How?
Your the sledgehammer Warren, fake Indian.
they woun't have any soon, OBAMA CARE IS DOWN THE TUBE AND YOU PUSHED IT. WAY TO GO WANNA BE NATIVE.
What's your alternative?  Report to Fox News.
Who reads that RAG? OH... your snowflakes do...
God forbid the Junkies get sober and find a job that offers good insurance. Let's just keep enabling them
biased reporting to serve the will of Soro's and slave owning Democrates
Little lizzy. Answer me this. What would happen if nothing was done to Obama Care?  Bet u won't.  Keep waggin the finger without the story.
This is not a 3rd word country with a dictator & bunch of conspirators  that they can do whatever they want to people ,this is America.
So why are the democrats not  working on healthcare also?
Sure the liberal propaganda machine Boston Globe
It would hit the whole country like a sledgehammer & lead to job losses in the medical industry
What does a new analysis show about Obama care falling apart?
Thanks to the EPIC FAILURE CALLED OBAMACARE!!
you won't be there to see it.. voted out.. by pow wow..
Good...blue state!
Misinformation seems to be all the media and liberals are capable of It's not a done, Warren knows that She thinks Democrats are stupid.
Awwww. Lol
Then that means Obama care is like carpet bombing
Please fight this with everything you have Senator Warren!!
Thee energizer bunny/ scarecrow ( AKA) Sen Warren is too busy trying to enlist support to B POTUS to do any thing positive!
help!!
Go home goof!
I was speaking of this
Are you really this insensitive or is it a lack of intelligence. There are CHILDREN BEING SLAUGHTERED. And you're campaigning!?!?!?
Presumably the MA delegation is all voting 'no' and working against this. What would you recoment MA residents do to help?
@BostonGlobe report fails to note that more than 45% Americans r with out health care now & the others can't afford the premiums. #explain
#TrumpDontCare
Said the uneducated minority.
Same way Obummer care did. Wow it is amazing how ur Party passed something that was worse for the county & ur screaming fowl #obumercare
SENATOR, you have the ability to work to craft something that does work for everyone. Instead of stoking the fire, #DoYourJob
You really should get yourself some therapy Betty because you speak with forked tongue LIAWATHA!!!
Are you certain of yhat? Obummercare was set to go up 87% wasnt it, your not making any sense or is it you cant
45 IS A JOKE
Repeal 45, Replace Republicans 2018
#RRR2018
A really giant one we hope.  
YOU hit Massachusetts like a sledgehammer. You've got millions. Buy some insurance for people if you care so much.
Obamacare hit USA with Sledgehammer. And deceit n lies n misinformation.
Stop your BS scare tactics!!
Read the reports...not scare tactics
Reports corrupt Democrats wrote? No thanks.
Here’s a list of the agencies and programs Trump’s budget would defund entirely
You not supporting Bernie Sanders in the primaries hit US like a sledgehammer!!!  ya thanks @senwarren
The chances of big hospitals going bankrupt would skyrocket. Too many in need of care just would not pay them.
good
And GOP Wants to past this peace of poop
Google says that 2015 Federal funds in MA were under $10B total. Can't anybody here play this game?
HOW!
This is a conspiracy to divide the elite from the other 99%. So much waste,
fraud & lies there really is plenty to go around no wall waste.
Ikr!  This new and improved Democratic Party is the party of elites!  Good thing is smart ones are on to them aye!
Hurry Liz, get under the hammer as soon as possible.  BE the first to get whacked
"Who cares!? It's not like we're talking abt people's LIVES here!...
..uh..oh..wait...ummm...ooops...
it's more complicated than I thought!"
Sweet revenge, People's Republic of Massachusetts and Commie Warren
Thanks for always being a true democrat and never speaking the truth!! 
Ok that's funny
I hope MA gets hit with more than just a sledgehammer.
beg your pardon?
Pocahontas should get a DNA test and publish the results. She's about as authentic as MA is just.
you mad bro?
When it comes to the #DeepState and the #FourthReich you bet your hat that I'm mad as hell.
I'm from MA and I do believe that @SenWarren is a hypocrite and a liar. Take the DNA test #Pocahontas
whatever dude
Stay on that soapbox girl!!!  WE NEED YOU!!!
Yup u need her to spread more lies so you can get a government grant to buy a shovel for the crap  coming from her mouth 
And that's how you block a troll with STYLE
Better then Obama care fake news
Where is this administration's compassion?  Is it willing to let working people die for lack of healthcare access on its watch?
Obamacare at a discount now?? 
Hopefully this will go nowhere like every other dumpster fire (aka everything @realDonaldTrump touches)
That's the exact OPPOSITE of Obamacare!!
Damn too bad he's not hitting you like a sledgehammer right between the eyes
I was born in Cambridge and this is sad. I truly hope you consider a presidential run next election.
Can we reciprocate?
Half of Americans will go bankrupt under Trump/GOP ASAP!
The Trump Budget is the ebola of finance, an extinction event!
How do we stop him?
I Always vote
Bullshit
Prove it.
Ask the liar Warren to prove it.
I have nothing to prove.
You're the one proclaiming she's lied. Put up or shut up.
She lied to use minority status for personal gain. POCAHONTAS !
Aaaaaand there's the sad attempt to change the subject. So very predictable.
How did I change the subject?
She is a liar .
There are not enough 1 syllable words. Buh by
Poor TAXACUSETTS
