Except this time the President pushing it stands to ENORMOUSLY benefit from it.
The fact that her comments doesn't insult your intelligence speaks volumes
VS the DEMS tax, spend, double the debt, lets try to get the debt to 40 Trillion plan?? Give America a break... we see the destruction the DEMS have caused. Time to remove EVERY DEM from political office. Look at Chicago.. what has Dems done?
IMHO, Tax simplification is the most important issue. One page returns for all.
But it's what the people want, not what you think is best for us. We are grown ups.
I am so embarrassed that I come from the same state. You have to be one of the most self serving people from the state of Ma
Warrens plan is redistribution of wealth. You millennials need to start figuring our people like Warren are just socialist. Read the plan.
show me your tax plan senator ???
So blatant but the deplorables may not be educated about trickle down and its failure as a theory. GOP always screws up the economy 
I am grateful for the work you are doing on my family's behalf. Thank you.
Why do poor white people keep falling for this?
Stop being a part of the problem. Be part of the solution.
It didn't work then and it won't work now. IT is responsible for the enormous wage/wealth gap issue we are seeing today. Don't be fooled!
No, they've made it even worse somehow this time
What’s your plan? Tax us to death and spend our money on useless programs? Run more cities into the ground? Chicago? Detroit? Illinois?
Why yes it is.
They're not even bothering to hide it anymore.
I want to see your tax plan, Pocahontas. If you don't have one then shut up, and keep doing nothing like you always do.
And it will continue to work
You are a lier
Plumbers will tell you what trickles down hill.
No surprise here...and Trump said the new tax plan does little for the wealthy. Yeah right. Lol
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!
And the Democrat reply is the same warmed over "gift to the wealthy" they've been pushing for decades.
Tell us how you really feel
If republicans won't innovate their tax plan, I'm not listening.
Are Trump & GOP trying to start a class war? Tax plan call for 20% increase for people with lowest incomes.
Ironically if this is true, "WE ARE GOING TO MAKE A KILLING.....

Signed 

Your tax return
Cutting taxes on the middle class is trickle down now?
Middle class saves maybe $165.
At least you admit the middle class would be better off. That's a start. #babysteps
I didn't say better off, just $165 difference.  Don't know anything yet about mortgage deductions etc.
Saving implies they are better off. The mtg deduction stays, standard deduction is doubled, rates are cut and simplified.
Oh you are hilarious. Think that up all by yourself? *eyeroll*
Yeah. Exactly. Grow up. she's hardly a fraud, btw.
Every Republican President gets to sign tax cuts and drive the country into recession, that's just tradition.
Yep middle class and poor getting pissed on
And there is the trickle!
I believe you mean "Trumped Up Trickle-Down!"
Ahh. Trickle Down 2.0. Like Trumplestiltskin just woke up.
And we see how poorly that worked in the past
Are you in the fire water again?
No it isn't.  Income taxing is unconstitutional.  Secession the answer
Please, please look at the Fair Tax. Taxing income is simply the least productive way to fund the government!
Urinating Down-Plan they've pushed for decades.
You're a hypocrite keeping people in poverty to stay in power get off twitter and help they community
That's exactly what I've been saying. Thank you @SenWarren
Yeah imagine that people want lower taxes! The nerve. some of us are tired of the government stealing our money with no return!
Any idea when this will start producing results - have been waiting since mid-1980's. Just say'n!
Repackaged with the Trump brand!
TO BE EXPECTED!!!  CAN'T DO ANYTHING DIFFERENT!!!! DON'T KNOW HOW!!!
were you around in the Reagan years or were you still in the  reservation?
DNA test now
Such a social liberal lying American scare tactic BS that just don't work on patriotic Americans
AWESOME!
That is a complete and utter lie.
Raises the debt, causes recession.  We'll be right back to 2008 in no time.
Lower taxes does not equal a faster growing economy. Haven't we already proved this? Is this real life?
Perhaps the $700 Billion military funding you supported in Senate might be redistributed also?
We all know what a failure hoarding wealth is.
Reaganomics !
Please stop the tax plan.
Yup, #GeorgeBushSr pushed for this plan years ago
@realDonaldTrump is good at slapping his name on buildings but not known for his ability to have an original idea.
Love the theory, in practice it has been a pocket protector for the 1%.
Believing trickle down is anything but pissing on the majority of Americans is what caused more than one recession.
Only with some extra Dumpster spice mixed in.
Old men do old things
please find a way to remove this man..he is going to hurt most of Americans..
That doesn't work, hasn't worked . Only benefits the rich everytime.
But now it has that coveted Trump twist on it. Cause nothing with a Trump name fails. Hahahaha
Funny it always works look at the growth of the last 8 years that really didn't work 1% not good Pocahontas

If you need help analyzing the tax legislation reach out as I would love to help you
Democrats need to be better at specifics on why tax legislation is so harmful. Voters are tired of just hearing it is bad or favors the rich
Trickle down never works i remember Reagan doing it people working never saw anything it sucked
Tax cuts always benefit the rich while not doing anything for rest of us
And you know this how????
Save as a template: The “new” Republican ________ is the same warmed-over, _________ plan they’ve been pushing for decades.
It is and if passed, will result in the same rich getting richer with little to no real help for the poor and middle classes.
Watch trickle down with what @realDonaldTrump is into. Sick #SOBOTUS
Oh come on we all know you love anything Donald!!!!
Trickle down has never worked in the past for the middle class, only the rich. I know as I have lived through it before.
So true!  Please, Please keep telling people that!

I can only express that the democrats still don't get why we voted Trump....we were tired of status quo! Time to drain the swamp!
Same ol' same ol'
Which of course never works. But it helps the rich for sure.
Pocahontas trickles down your leg.
Quit voting for increased military budgets.  Everything else just sounds like so much BS when you do shit like that.
And there has never, ever been any truth to "trickle down".  It's pure fiction.
Constructed on a foundation of lies to achieve tax cuts for the rich donors.
It's the only way they know how to profit: off of us. The rest of us roll up our sleeves while they just roll us and pick our pockets.
Only serves to concentrate wealth at the top at the cost of the working poor and middle class.
yes
What improvements have you suggested? Tax and spend is not working.....
Thanks for confirming my suspicion. On to election #2018
Your tried to be an Indian; now you are trying to be a senator by knocking everything anybody better than you proposes. No substance!
Nothing new here -- like most everyone else in my bracket, I buy nothing new, and do no $ entertainment. Save every dime to move to Belize.
#TrumpedUpTrickleDownTaxCuts
C'mon. They aren't bothering to warm over any of this goo any more.
How about a plan to remove known liars from the Senate. I know tye first one we can start with.


Reaganomics...failed then and will fail now.
Kochheads and Mercernaries,  with a dash of Adelpukes
Time to gin up all those class envy arguments, Liz.

This woman is the truth, stay on it
More Progressive LIES  TERM LIMITS 
Is it true that you voted for the $800 billion "defense" budget?? Or is that just social media guff?
Just look at post-Jindal Louisiana to see trickle-down doesn't work and only hurts everyone. Higher ed, economy, jobs, healthcare - all BAD.
The never change,  just  rename
A plan that worked for Reagan. Let's give it another shot.
Wrong, you democrats doubled the national debt in eight years!
Certainly didn't affect you did it
Hey stupid. What do wealthy people like to do?? Spend money, just like everyone else. It's called keeping $ flowing thru out the economy
When you feel something warmed over trickling down, it is rarely a good sign.

Middle class will 'get nothing' in tax proposal: Rattner http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/middle-class-will-get-nothing-in-tax-proposal-rattner-1056879683675 … via @msnbc #DemForce
No, I think this one is much more dangerous, Two Trillion hole in budget would = depression w/ shock to economy
Yes
GREAT PLAN.  BE STRONG AND DO SOMETHING GREAT FOR AMERICA.
I don't believe they get it from a warmer they take it out of the freezer. Ice cold!
Warmed up Voodoo economics plus blows up the deficit.
And trickle down is what gave us this crazy shift of wealth to the 1% clearly it does not create jobs as promised for over 30 years
You will not allow it to come to vote until #Trump produces his tax returns. #NoReturnsNoVote @MarchForTruth17
Why are they so stubborn and refuse to sit down with dems?
My father always says that in trickle-down economics, it's the little guy who gets "trickled on"!
What is there besides trickle down that works?   Go ahead, we'll wait!
what's your plan lizzy? Haven't heard yours in the past 8 years...
Trumps agenda serves Trump & cronies ...he has no concern for the average American or anyone outside of himself & his mirror 
Hell dumb ass if it weren't for truckle down no one would have a paycheck! More BS from the lunatic left!
#FauxCahontas, #ChuckUSchumer, #DickTurbin & #BankFraudBernie are "the same warmed-over, trickle-down" #SwampDwellers!  #KeepYoMoney #MAGA
#TrickleDownNeverWorks never has never will.
Puerto Rico
Maybe it's about damn time its passed then. You want to raise taxes: doesn't that raise the debt? I want a tax cut. willing to take a chance
Decades have passed and you too have done nothing. You're a great critic Ms Warren but we independents are just as sick Of your inaction.
The Congress, the Senate, professional athletes, and the Hollywood elitists should pay more taxes. The common man should pay nothing.
Trickle down will not sustain the obligations of the country to provide basic needs  nearly as well as the current steady stream.
That seemed to be working so well?.. Ha ha ha. So sad this GOP.
and the old tax plan of the Democrats has worked so long for so many....only the wealthy like yourself benefit from tax breaks. That ends!!
On hearing with SEC head fewer IPOs are due to more private equity not too much regulation. Don't listen to the whiners.
How is that you know so much about this plan, are you spying like BHO and Susan Rice, or they show it to congress beforehand.
You know what to do--STOP IT!
We are slowly being drawn towards SOCIALISM and it's been proven around the world that it DONT worksay NO to the division keep America
It's one thing ALL Americans agree on is TERM LIMITS the swamp will NEVER give us that so we MUST vote them out on both sides
All they have to do is look at Kansas. Kansas tried this tax plan and it failed utterly. They kicked out some Koch tools and restored taxes.
The same one that raises the national debt, increases income inequality, and hurts the economy. Sounds just like the GOP all right. Pathetic
Yet they keep selling it to their base.
Sounds a lot like you.  The same warmed-over, crying over the same socialist handout plan you've been pushing for decades.
They have many open items on the docket like increasing the tax bracket for most wealthy and asking 4 bipartisan input & your just bitchin
The rich and corporations robing the system and the poor hard working people of AMERICA !! Don't let it happen !! 1% don't need tax cuts!!
Trickle down; firehose up.
And what Brownback tried in Kansas. It was a dismal failure.
That is not true, give the facts Elizabeth!
Sounds like Trump wants to do the same to the entire country that Brownback has done to Kansas.

Money hoarders will not be letting anything trickle down. "Winners" take ALL from their "losers"
No surprise that someone like Trump would like "trickle-down" economics...
So.... it's hot piss.
Haven't heard a better one from you
Maybe government can save money to give to social programs by reducing congress pay and benefits.
What's Cherokee for "Lying White Woman?"
Get. Him. Impeached.
SURPRISE SURPRISE
We have to keep the focus on this slithery tax  fraud against the middle class.
Trump's fundraising celebration confessed his attitude about tax payers
How long will people fall for trickle down ? Are you better off since Reagan? 1981? Bush called it voodoo economics. 
Warren 2020 please
They always talk about deficits when they are in opposition, then break the bank when they're in power.
Which they once decried as “voodoo economics.”
At least it Is a plan, instead of just saying F it and pushing the national debt higher. You don't like it, fine, what's your plan Lizzy?
and it works
What is your plan genius?
Trickle Down happened during the Obama Admin. It was a stk and bnd stimulus program. Guess who owns 90% of all stocks and bonds? The top 10%
Squaw Running Mouth is running her mouth again with no solutions to the problems!
Trickle down is Repub speak for pissing on the people.
No, really? My Cman, Don B, said those in the 10% bracket would pay no tax.
#livestock
So Trumped-up Trickle-down economics?
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
Democrats ideas and  forced crap has not worked or helped anyone!
Yep. Nothing new there. Still trying to screw over the middle class.
It doesn't work.
Wow, the reaction from Fake Injun Warren was totally not predictable at all. Same, warmed-over liberal talking points...
Yah, it's not as good as Obamas plan to distroy America with your help !
Of course it is everything they do is antiquated and ridiculous
It never works. Is GOP that stupid ? Or basically greedy? Greedy
