Let’s honor those who sacrificed for our country by strengthening our promises to servicemembers & their families.
The Democratic Party has destroyed public education, energy independence, our health care, late night T.V., the NFL, and race relations.
As trump cuts their benefits to honor them.
Can't spell, blames Obama, conspiracy theory memes on their page and hurls insults. Textbook Trumpster.
Why is it up to Senator Warren to unify this country when the predator in chief is the one that divided this country
Thank you for showing all the class of a brainwashed tRumpster
Did someone hack your account? @senWarren would NEVER say that!
What would you know about patriotism?
I have a message to military ppl...put the guns down....dont go...don't go an support war machines

Yea so you and the democrats can tear up America from the inside.
And the coal miners that are out of work.
I like your tweet better than #45's, when he called people "haters and losers" in his Memorial Day wishes.Grateful for you!
Trump need to show his taxes.
Cynthia* sorry
You say that Cindy cuz YOU weren't one of us who were spit on!
Yeah we haven't forgotten Benghazi like yo have
Hypocrite nothing but a hypocrite
Why did you vote down military spending budget?
The innocent black men and women shouldn't have to be a casualty to gun violence because of societal oppression by the greedy higher ups.
The only thing I commemorate are the brothers and sisters who lose their lives to senseless violence in urban neighborhoods due to idiots.
Stop your empty wirds
In the future we better add a day for everyone who lived through the torture of 45.
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE...YOU CARE NOTHING AT ALL ABOUT THESE MEN AND WOMEN..JUST AS YOUR BUDDY OBAMMY ...YOU ARE SHAMEFUL AND NEED TO GO
That's great
Including the Cherokee's
Deservingly so.
You can better remember them by taking War Powers from POTUS and stop making more vets with incessant wars.
Sounds very hypocritical coming from you.
Then start supporti g those that continue to fight for us! Shame on all for the condition of the VA hospitals and our troops resources!
Thank but please take better care of us veterans.  Your party with all due respect almost ruined the va and made it hard for us to fight
They are trying to use her
Sgt White and mrs Harris got everything cover up from my girlfriend to get y'all White House people to get her in good health
you're so dishonest,liberal progressives like yourself loathe the military,only interested in using it for social experiments
You should keep that in mind when your spending your time bashing the President instead of working for the American people.
I'm sure the troops love y'all slamming their boss all the time. Why don't you take a step to protect and connect this country.
Stop remembering and fix the VA and make College truly free for veterans. Let's do the remembering after.
.@SenWarren @RuPaul and non binary transgender people are still banned from the us military.
Not a good idea to be fighting beside a "man" that would be more worried about his makeup.
@IvankaTrumpHQ this is what today is about not fucking champagne frozen pops. Thank you @SenWarren
You what else we remember? How you sold out your principles to back a criminal.
You don't give a crap about veterans! WHAT have you ever done for them ! Your only concern is liberal crap ! Veterans not so much !
Such disrespect to those that died for something that you are really against!!


Elizabeth Google sociopath and read about yourself
put God back in schools and lock the dope dealers up for life!
Remember the government shutdown (including military pay) you shitbag liberals used as leverage to get your way? Way to honor our military.
Don't forget the loyal animals, too!
And to all of you who set up in Washington lying and cheating acting like you want what's best for our country reflect on their sacrifice
Do you really mean it? Coming from a fraud like you, I take it as an insult
And not sing and dance at a solem veterans event. We have to do everything we can to get rid of the disrespectful Trump. #unamerican
Liz, does it matter that you are detested by 95% of active-duty military? Think about that please
is there for any of that?  NONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just some of what they did without! Medical services  were almost null many men & womendied becasue they could notget service!!! What excuse
they had every reason not to!!! He cut the military budget so bad that they had to go to junk yards and get parts for equipment!! That is
@TheAmyCarlson thank you to  all who served.  #memorialday #MemorialDayWeekend
Are you borrowing some words from President Trump
What do you know about it Pocahontas?  Trust me, current and ex active duty want nothing to do with you.  Try running in 2020 and see.
Thank you!
Was your father a Code Talker?
Stop war
You've finally said something that makes sense, I can agree with you finally!
Are you referring to your friend Sitting Bull's men?
If u cared so much about sacrifice you'd be ok w ppl having to work hard and sacrifice to succeed instead of mooching off the taxpayers
@MAHAMOSA Shame vets sacrificed much for democracy to be taken over by corrupt piece of shit. #InvestigateDNCServers #SethRich
L
  , 'll.   ,   l
 ,  l.
What hypocrisy coming from such a hypocrite.  You should be ashamed...
You and your fellow democrats are a curse to our wonderful vets.  Go away squaw!
Why aren't you helping Ossoff?
So then what's Remembrance Day, Nov. 11? You have two holidays that are the same lol.
Today, Memorial Day, is to honor the fallen. Those who fought and died. Veterans' Day is for all military veterans, living and dead.
How can you take anything Trump says seriously?
Yep, Lieawatha Lizzie is gearing up 4 re-election:)
Did you see 45's tweet? Horrible. No mention of those who sacrificed for our country 
Did you serve under Sitting Bull at Little Big Horn, Senator?
Stop the hate please
If we can work together we can change things for the better.  There is too much hate in the world already.
Thank you, @SenWarren!
Do you remotely know how fake this reads coming from you.
This is one thing that we agree on!
Let us not forget those lost to suicide. They were casualties of war just as if they'd fallen in battle.
INCREASE  IMMEDIATELY,  SIGNIFICANTLY,  ALL BENEFITS PENSIONS  HEALTHCARE  FOR  MILITARY  IN SERVICE, VETERANS  & FAM.
 FORGET #KeepthePromise @POTUS @DeptVetAffairs#Budgetcuts @DAVHQ @DeptVetAffairs @VeteransHealth @VAVetBenefits @HHS @MedicaidGov 
We stand behind all those who served and lost their lives, and those still serving and to all their families. God Bless America.
Can u pls list steps u have taken in ur part time job to help Vets . Too hard. list one thing u have done. I know u voted 4 bonus 4 VA head
Honor the day by fighting Pres draft dodger. Wars are fought because we have to, not to profit from. Stop the Saudi Arms Deal.
Yes, and I wish people would stop confusing Memorial Day with Veterans' Day. Today is not about "service".
Pocohanus, let's honor Blumenthal too!
ill try to be more "polite" when I'm suffering a critical injury and being harassed for pacificinterpreters
You're a danger to this nation. Trump is a leader! You are a cheat! #memorialday #Arlington #sethrich #obamagate #tcot #Tiger #LockHerUP
Now is the time to tell Warren how Pathetic she is!

#MemorialDay in memory of 
Commander Frank Clifford Green Jr. 
of Waskom. Texas- US Navy pilot 
Bless him and his family.
Stop acting like you care
Why any person of color with the way this administration feels about them would join our military is beyond me
You obviously have not been listening to their rhetoric with their white supremacist anti Muslim anti Spanish open your ears
I'm honoring them by not watching the fake CIC at Tomb of the Unknowns.
This country is so divided.  It's all by design.   The Clintons, The Trumps, The Media Elite, The Bush's...we are being played
It's ashamed that majority of left hate our great military.
WRONG. The divide is along educational lines. Iow more educated see Trump for what he is. Doesn't mean they hate military. I AM a Marine.
THANK YOU for serving! It's because of fine people like you that most of the idiots here are safe to post their hate.
Exactly. And thank you! 
Honor the fallen by taking decisive action 2 repel the ongoing Russian attack on the US & 2 reassert freedom from enemies foreign & domestic
@RepShimkus and @Republicanvet91 This is how you honor the men and women that have served.
AMEN!
We also remember what a lying pseudo native American you tried to be to advance yourself at the expense of others
Your Obama administration failed them
do me a favor he referred to me a Vet in his speech today as a comrade I  am not Russian call me soldier veteran but comrade come on
