You race baiting hate filled puke @SenWarren you're a disgusting person using race to make money @AntiochCollege #ConfirmSessions
senator byrd died a long time ago
They should be heard by every American who considers themselves a true patriot
I heard her. Don't see how I'm any more of a patriot now? Lady needs to put a sock in it.
"CHECK YOURSELF" ASININE!  #Fauxcahontas is a FRAUD who wants your $$$ @Enixxxe @Impeach_D_Trump @SenWarren @AntiochCollege
will you read this on the Senate floor? #LetLizTalk
will you also read this? It's @SenatorSessions bill to award Rosa Parks a Congressional Gold Medal http://www.sessions.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/1999/4/a-bill-to-award-the-congressional-gold-medal-to-rosa-parks- …
uhh bro... Come on now. You know that doesn't fit the narrative.
Did you forget the fake Native American act and lies   Warr
old letter. Nice try. Debunked by MLK Jrs niece. Stop this nonsense
I'm sure you're talking about Alveda King.
Dr. Martin Luther King was a republican. Opposite of what you stand for.
would love for you to attend the inaugural Coretta Scott King Center Legacy Luncheon on April 26 in Dayton Ohio!
Martin Luther King was a republican in case you forgot
read it and will read it again!
If you give a damn about MLK, ask his niece @AlvedaCKing what she thinks of @realDonaldTrump versus Pocahontas!
I know you read Mrs King letter on Facebook, I hope you also used all the other social media outlets.
did u listen to his niece, of course not
You are right she praised him and spoke highly of him as well.
Coretta doesn't want to be your pawn, #Pocahontas
You are not above the senate rules!! You have been silenced get used to it!
No you & her should shut up.  Albert Turner Jr. Letter was the important one but didn't fit your narrative. Stop
You forgot the letter that praised him.  Yes, we know about that.  We also know how stupid you are.

https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/1502287/coretta1991.pdf …
Dr. King's niece, Dr. A. King,disagreed with what you did on the Senate floor. All U want R $s for your Pres. run
as an Antioch alumn , I heartily agree.
and why should her words be heard who I s she other than someone Martin rarely  concidered.
You're a nut
you a poorly educated fella
You have 4 followers. Nobody cares what you have to say.
who cares about followers what about character and morals?  I don't use Twitter....
I stand with E Warren. Jeff Sessions is another truly disastrous nominee for freedom in US. Thx to E Warren.
With respect and guidance of these young people's mind.Set the example Ms Warren,Speak only the truth in context
they weren't.. So sit down and shut up...
Think you've gone off the deep end, someone get her some psychiatric help
Alvita king Martin Luther King's Niece charges Sen.Susan Warren using the race card in the name of king http://ln.is/washingtontimes.com/JFliJ …
democrats are the party of the klan
Some speak in the name of Jesus, others in the name of Mohammad and a native American in the name of Ms. King
@AntiochCollege
let's talk about that Indian blood that got you a job
They were heard 30 years ago and heard in the context of a confusing time. Shame on you. #liberalfascism
Again lies and more lies and more lies. The left is so full of hate and bigotry. They spew their hate everyday
then Dr.  Alveda King  should be heard listen also  it right on this page YOU are trying to spread racism so sad.
Yes they should.  So everyone should view the video where she thanks him.
your so full of crap Sen. Warren. I hope you run in 2020, so we can beat you like we did Hillary
I'm confident that Mrs King would have walked back her accusations if she were alive today.
Coretta Scott King Thanks Jeff Sessions For Rosa Parks Library http://youtu.be/JmVAbxDgV2s 
You NEED to quit living in the past move foward  for the befit of USA
We don't care when we all know that the democrat Party founded the KKK!!! That's so hypocritical of you to do!
Thank you Sen. Warren for persisting.  #ShePersisted
MLKings niece thinks you should not have done that.  Sad you're doing this.
this was more abt ted kennedy letter and both men patched things up and sponsored a bill togetger, why warren?
Dr. ML King would not have approved of Corett's words. He was a man not deterred by people like you, Warren!
you go!!!
It was fun watching CSK spank your ass for using her as race bait!
you wouldn't last 5 minutes here talking your smack. ALL PPL WOULD SEE THROUGH YOU. you just want to be seen!
You should be proud, Sen. This level of hatred is only reached by standing firm & speaking truth. We are with you
elizabeth Warren, who also goes by her Indian name, "Lies on Race Box,"
than again he wouldn't have thought much of you either
My family taught me to respect and leave the deceased to RIP The King family should find insult in you using Mrs King's memory
Agreed. Here she is thanking @SenatorSessions for helping to open up Rosa Parks library ! Thank you AG SESSIONS!
you're my hero, Elizabeth! Keep up the great work!
Republicans could care less about what was done to blacks in the 60s, they're the same ALT-WHITE RACIST COWARDS...HATEFUL!
Republicans could care less about what was done to blacks in 60s; they are continuing the RACIST OLD DAYS☻
you are a hero for women!
THANK YOU!
#FearlessFighter 

Your strength inspires!
coooo coooo ca chooooo
Stop trying to make it off ghosts of the past. You have nothing to do with MLK or fight for rights.
Sadly Sessions was appointed. Frightening, but we must continue to voice our opposition! Thank you, Sen..
Poor Pocahontas! I know you liberals don't believe in rules or laws and you know you broke Senate rules.
Which was already debunked.  If you were as brilliant as you think you are you would know this.
what U did was a clear violation &U know it. We R not dumb.well, maybe some, but you cannot say those things
We love her words, it's ur perversion that doesn't belong on our beloved senate floor.  
What about the video where King thanks Sessions? #Warrendrama
Video of Corretta King thanking Jeff Sessions for Rosa Parks Library in 2000.
I have never been politically outspoken until this 2016 election. I never thought America would be like this.
Please be silent. Your are embarrassing.
So it is alright for a man to read the letter, but not a woman. How can that not be called sexist? Demeaning.
Elizabeth shut up we are not interested in your bullshit!
You would do better to listen to Alveda King & quit trying to use her family.
I am so mad at what those senators did to you. You had every right to read that letter re Jeff Sessions.
I am so proud of you for standing up to the chauvinist ole boy's club that we have controlling the govt.
then you claim to be 1/32 American Indian 2 go 2 college 4 free! Nice! Screwing full blooded Indians that need it
Great job! Keep it up! 
Dems will continue their trend of losing.....
were black and 1 was a friend of Ms. King.  As always Dems tell only half the story! Your a disappointment!
she only gave part of the story. It was a case on voting fraud in a very predominant black County 3 officials
#TrueStory: I just utilized @Google to search the word "WAR" & was asked "Did you mean Elizabeth Warren?" Yes!!! @SenWarren @AntiochCollege
if following the law makes you a racist, what does that make you?
Lizzie you SHOULD be deported
And Martin Luther King III's positive words about President Trump should be heard, too!

thank you for using your voice and don't let anybody silence you!
I heard Sessions was confirmed today Pocahontas.  You're a loser once again.
Agree. But you never seem to tire of hearing your self righteous talk. Bit of hypocrisy on your part.
Pochahontas, you lost again......what a loser....and you will keep on losing!
Senator, take your seat
The only thing It got you was to step down. That mouth of yours is getting you nothing.
what you squawking at Tonto.
You're grandstanding won't get you re-elected. You're out, enjoy your last hurrah.
So glad that Sessions has been confirmed!
look at the case it pertained to you a hole
WHY YOU HAVE 1.8 mil folllowers is quite appalling in itself. That many people screwed in the head like you? Wow
your unfit to be a senator!
Even #MLK's family said that #Pocahontas was "playing the race card"!

Sad and pathetic!
Looks like #Pocahontas shoulda checked with #MLK's family b4 "playing the race card"!

Pathetic! Typical of DNC!
@washingtonpost @FoxNews we all know it's all about the teachers union they give millions of dollars to Democrats
#ShePersisted  You inspire, you inspire, you inspire - Brilliant persistence- I am speechless! BRAVO!
you are a blow hard
such a socialist!!!!
please keep tweeting and keep us updated!! #resist #TheResistance #TrumpLies #dumptrump
why don't you do your job, instead of grandstanding to promote your silly lil book! #liberalsAreDumb
what does that even... what? You think she spoke out against Sessions because of a book?
thank you.
Take your seat! Lol
Do you even care the King family has spoken out against it?
You are such a poor reflection on your party and this nation. You got exactly what you deserved on the floor! #indianwithnotribe
SIT DOWN
how much money did you receive during the recount???
. Warren you'r  race card did not work.  Go Sessions work for Americans
Standing with you and for you Senator Warren!
Ever fight the Klan?  Sessions has.  He will serve this country well.  Better than  Holder and Lynch.  You're incapable of shame
GOP is just steamrolling over you Dems this weekend. How you like dem apples?
Way to try and boost your book sales....#FRAUD
SHUT UP AND SITE DOWN. Now people can feel sorry for u. U don't care about the American people. It's obvious you act ridiculous
Democrat just want to be cock-blocker so they can get attention.
Yeah.....I believe you trolled me. Just so you know, I'm just not in to you. Move along.
listen, cunt. I'm sure you are trying to show off to your 11 followers, but you are out of your league here. Fuck off.
Lie-a-watha Warren Americans hate you more & more for you blatant lies http://truepundit.com/shattered-video-of-coretta-scott-king-thanking-jeff-sessions-for-rosa-parks-library-crushes-elizabeth-warren-racial-stunt/ …
Liz we have new poll numbers from Massachusetts on Friday want to make a bet that your numbers are getting worse?
so should her video thanking him.
Do you think @SenWarren cares what Coretta Scott King says?  She did this to raise money.   @AntiochCollege
