Your boy BHO did this. His phone his pen. You remember that? DACA is illegal. You are still a liar.
#WhichLiz 
I didn't see your corrupt a$$ give a $hit about #DACA till now
BTW @realDonaldTrump didn't cave to @HillaryClinton you did!
#MAGA
Say it with me folks: wow, that is one ugly orange face. Imagine having to spank that orange rear with a Forbes? Ugh.
Shhh his “furlough notice”
is coming 
#ReleaseTheMemo 
cc @B75434425 (photo credit)
Hahahahahahaha haha!!!!!!!!

Pocahontas - you lie about your heritage and mass deportations - There aren't mass deportations planned and you know it. Liar
It is not racism to uphold out laws. There are different races that are here illegally. They should be deported and half to wait in line.
You lie ! Pocahontas
2 years ago all you politicians called them anchor babies. But you changed to dreamers for political gain only! Nice try. Law is the law
And Senator Warren sitting around doing nothing is the cornerstone of her "accomplishments"
Had you done your job under Obama, Pres. Trump wouldn't have to fix what y'all left broken
Hi
What are our laws for?
Hypocrite. Even Obama said it was temporary!
Where in the constitution does it say I have to pay for illegals healthcare, food and schooling? And allow them to stay here just bc?
Where does it say that I have to pay for yours?
It doesn't and I'm not expecting you to
Did not realize that u went to a private school.
How are schools funded?
variety of ways-mostly taxes. DeVos wants tax money to also go to private schools. BTW Immigrants also pay taxes. http://www.teach-nology.com/edleadership/funding_for_schools/ …
The US pays on average $12,000 per student not to mention all the other services illegal aliens take from US citizens (police,fire, hwy...)
They pay taxes, too.
"Dreamers" is code word for ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. Good thing we "Deplorables" have our magical decoder ring that deciphers liberal BS @POTUS
Fuck Pochahontas!!!
Elizabeth how about defending the laws of the United States of America. Those who brought Dreamers here knew someday there would be consequences!
How many illegal immigrants are in your district?
Let them move in with you u stole enough money to feed a few of them.  Winch.
So reach across the aisle and do something about it. We're tired of congress doing nothing helpful.
DACA was implemented when Congress failed to do it.
Amen sister. Congress is so lame. I think they are afraid of the voters.
They are all LEGAL. They did it the HARD WAY. They DIDN'T cheat then claim welfare & health benefits.
Im an inmigrant im with all tehe people yhat are fighting to be in a country full of inmigrants
It's called actually enforcing the law. I'm all for it. Go Trump!
You let President Nobama rewrite immigration laws against the Constitution--this is on you.
Giving our jobs away to illegals is exactly why minorities struggle. Why do u want to hurt African American youth? That is racist!
So congress has 6 months to fix this. You had 5 years prior to fix President Obama'a temp stop gap. Stop blaming and do your job!
#Trump the westie concerned Top Dog doesn't get role of Top Dog. only cares about his ego. not fit intellectually or tempermentally for non

Should have passed legislation in Congress, haven't voted on #DACA measures since 2010? Executive overreach unconstitutional, do your job
DACA was implemented when Congress failed to pass any legislation. Republican have controlled the agenda.
Unlawfully and unilaterally, not the executives branch consitutional prerogative to draft legislative law, end of story
So far, SCOTUS is tied, 4-4. I am not a constitutional judge, so I couldn't tell you if it was constitutional. Are you?
No I'm just not ignorant as fuck
No? I am surprised.
It's pretty clear @SenWarren is using words without knowing their definition once again.
And what words are those, John?
Bigot
Yet he's OK w/ rich Russian babies. If u don't believe this, see Breitbart articles.
Since it's RICH babies he's OK w/ perhaps "elitist" "opportunist" "greedy sob" would have been a better word?
Sure.  Whatever trips your trigger.  I just have a problem with ejected officials trying to ignite racial tensions. You seem good with it
Everyone is sick & tired of Ur outlandish lies, Warren. EVERYONE knows they won't be deported cause it's not right. Flap Ur lips elsewhere.
LOL! Is it right to kick people off of healthcare? Is it right to ignore climate change? Is it right to refuse refugees?
Yes
I'm sitting here waiting for Irma to hit. So glad you can ignore climate change.
I'm sorry, while I don't agree with you, I do hope you are safe.
Jose is right behind. Montana is on fire. Floods in Asia. Droughts in Africa.worse flooding ever in SA last year.Greenland is on fire...
I know... are you safe?
I'm in N FL--due on Sunday--but son, 91 year old dad, &sisters in Tampa Bay Area & Orlando.Am very worried. Thanks for asking.
It was an illegal executive order by Obama.  your congresswoman do you not know that. Of course you do you don't care about breaking the law
Elizabeth please go back to your Cherokee Nation
Please do defend DACA senator. Dreamers in my experience  light the way to a strong and vibrant US.  Hard work, justice, and compassion.
You were there in 1986 when 5 million illegals were legalized. Why haven't you fixed it in the last 30 years? We're there again!
Congress makes the laws. Executive order by Obama was unconstitutional. Why so willing to pass the blame instead of passing laws
So glad you found a way to politize your failure to act when Dems had majority. You'll blame Repubs for obstruction =you wouldn't compromise
EW using incendiary rhetoric against DT honoring God #MAGA The wall lowering taxes are the cornerstone of 45's administration God bless 45
This is why democrats can't win elections and may never hold power again. Americans are not fond of politicians who lie.
Aren't you a senator, yet you're uninformed about US immigration law? "Illegal" is not a race. Deportation is not bigoted, it's the LAW.
Ummm, I think it's called US Law, but I expect you know nothing about that.
#DefendDACA I'm with you Sen Warren



Your the problem not trump you live off the backs of the haedworking people of mass
Not just the cornerstone.  His objective, first & foremost is to erase all vestiges that there was a black president.
Yes Warren is doing everything she can to screw sh-it up for you an I an our country
There will not be a mass deportation President Trump needs to right Obama's wrong by not letting Congress legislate.
My question if these dreamers have been here all these years why haven't they become citizens?
if warren doesn't understand why this should be a legislative issue then she needs to get out of government
Making these people leave will memorialize trumps presidency as the cruelest in our history. #americaisbetterthanthis
Your cool, not deporting fake American Indians
Go study another family portrait and we will act your fool. NOT!!
you know that will never happenplease stop being SO negative!! Is it that difficult for you to support the president?
Since you're in Senate, I'm sure you know that's it's your job to pass laws. Please do so. Executive shouldn't be changing laws willy nilly.
Where's comprehensive immigration reform? You have much to say, but you do very little. Oh, by the way, you'll never be POTUS!
Is there a way we can deport Elizabeth Warren? Nothing to do with race or gender or anything like that, like removing a splinter.
https://twitter.com/RodStryker/status/905663456841408513 …
They are criminals.
We won't let hate win!
You are the problem, Democrats have not helped the average worker in a very long time, but you want to help people that are here ILLEGALLY?!
No deporting Illegal aliens is just Common Since, something you and Most Swamp Creatuers don't have..AMERICANS FIRST. U don't get it yet DA
You don't really care about DACA folk, do you. You just snark at Trump. You are a pathetic example of the worst politicians.
Because you did nothing for the DACA folk. You just mouth off.
Don't you believe in the rule of law?
Warren: Obama promising foreign illegal children that they'd escape the law is a keystone of your scofflaw anti-America platform.
Don't worry your safe.  Remember your native American!
Fortunately President Trump has stated they would not be targets. So I guess it isn't a bigoted policy after all.
DO YOUR FRIGGIN JOB & stop blaming everyone else, Trump included, for not having an immigration policy that solves the DACA issue. #feckless
They need to contribute not bleed the system while they r here "trying"
Where's the compassion of the Republican party?
Lizzie
Liszt
Shut up Liszt
Trump is a racist and a bigot. The world was built for everyone not the privileged. No one is illegal and everyone should be treated equally
#Trump the westie agrees but packs  vonvernef your pack lacks young leader to unite inspire & ein 20. Hillary too much baggage don't repeat
Do your job!!!! CONGRESS WRITES THE LAWS NOT POTUS!!! FFS
Yo, Pocahontas. Go away. You passed your sell by date.
. Right Liz!  Really!
Dear Senator Warren: For a moment stop campaigning for the national spotlight and headlines and get to work!
You are a real genius! How did you get into office anyway?
Can't take you seriously #fauxcahontas!
You are delusional.
Thank you princess
You know damn well that's not going to happen. Again your words are meant to divide. You don't even give a shit!
So, Senator Feathers, when did he say mass deportation? Nope, he turned the whole thing over to you idiots in Congress to fix. Get to work.
You will never be president
So now if you enforce the law ur a bigot? Tell that to thousands of Latinos who did it the right way who disagree with #DACA. #ThrowThemOut
How can it be "Bigoted" if We The People say We want DACA abolished.  You not longer represent We The People but are a self serving RINO
Hey fauxcohontas no ones being deported yet so stop lying its u in congress that failed these people by not putting forth legislation 
Trump, the President of Hate.
Oh?
WATCH: Remember that time Hillary Clinton came out against #DACA?  I do.
#Dreamers #DREAMer 

How does deporting people who are here illegally  (which Trump did not say he would do) make you a bigot? You need to consult a dictionary.
If there was ever a bigot that you speak of it is you. Rule of law is the rule of law is the rule of law. Find it in the books claimed read.
Question

 Fir those who support DACA via EO, is it okay if Trump tells IRS to no longer enforce 35% corp tax rate?Laws can be waived,right?
Who's being deported?Please back up your statement with facts.No really. I'll wait. #maga #Fauxcahontas
How DARE Trump put Americans first!!!!

Oh, #defendAmericanLawsRatherthanProgressivism
Of course, Senator, no one mentions Obama's unconstitutional act in first place just because Latino polls were lower in 2012. All about vote
You are a kook. Deporting people who are here illegally should be priority 1 for everyone who believes in law
All Trump did was put the ball in your court to fix or change the law.  IT'S NOW YOUR RESPONSIBILITY!!  DO YOUR JOB!
You're in Congress, you create the laws... you haven't submitted a change or fix to the law, so are you a bigot because you've done nothing?
Stop bashing trump & get back to work. Immigration is Congress' job, so u are bashing Trump over legislation u failed to act on #hypocrite
Since when is undoing an illegal action and enforcing the law a "bigoted" policy?  Please explain.
You know that's not what's happening. As a senator of these United States you need to support our laws as written or change them.
Shat about american citizens?
Pass legislation.
What mass deportations. Now you have a job to do. Pass legislation instead of hate.
Since when is following the law a bigoted policy?  If we are not a nation of law then we will have anarchy
Bigoted policies or also, referred to as, enforcing the law. We know Dems break the law & aren't familiar with enforcing but u know this.
Lmfao, you speak with forked tongue. Citizens & Legal residents are the cornerstone not Votes. #MassachusettsFirst 
Real ? is POTUS decision legal or not? Better ? was BHO EO legal? If you care so much pass legislation that will address issue.
(2/2) law is irresponsible & heartless. Congr needs to do its JOB to make a law which is fair to citizens & prospective citizens. Thx POTUS
Subjecting Dreamers to uncertainty of a temporary, unconstitutional order, instead of providing security & stability through permanent (1/2)
DEFERRED action for childhood arrivals.  @POTUS DEFERRED it for 6 months so all you loud mouths can DO YOUR JOB and pass legislation.
Go away your fake and a fraud!!!
Democrats don't agree with your lying rhetoric.
THOUGHT CRIME! http://trib.al/VtvNIPu 
Guess saving them 5 years ago wasnt a high a priority on your Totem Pole, if #Trump didnt end #DACA the courts certainly would have!
Here is the source of malodorous mental delusion we see playing out in BLM, Acorrn, Antifa, etc.  Communist sympathizer w/ blue checkmark.
How is that fake #Russia thing going, eh?  Jumping off the #RussiaGate train and now only the #DREAMer train? Anything but doing your job...
You used the word "bigoted".  It's way overused today, like "racism", and has lost its meaning.  Therefore your argument fails. Do better.
Pocahontas! Why are you still here? Don't you have some $500k a year BS college class to teach? GTFOH
Please Senator, go back to Oklahoma, or wherever you are supposedly from. Leave the good people of MA alone once and for all.
Illegal invaders deserve no quarter.  Tax payers are not responsible for the children of foreign nationals. You're a political hack.
For as long as you have been in office, Congress has to share the blame for not fixing this issue instead of resistance/identity politics
Donnie... you're good at one thing. Being hateful. You leave those children alone...
God Bless You Elizabeth. I see Sessions is doing Donnie's dirty work for him. Hateful bigoted ass he is. Ugh.
Take the DNA test Pocahontas. Stealing Valor is despicable especially when you use it for benefits you don't deserve.
Get a life little pocahontas! !  A real cut to Pocahontas!   You should be very ashamed!
We prefer our hard-earned tax dollars go to legal youth of all colors and genders.  Why the antipathy to law and order, Warren???
Do your job and shut up. Lazy......
Where were u 2 when Clinton sent swat team after a 6 year old?
Isn't swearing an oath to uphold the Constitution and then breaking that oath considered treason?  Too bad you do t care about life in womb
Subjecting 's children to unsustainable levels of debt to import more poverty in support of D globalist dream is immoral, Fauxcohontas!
What part of illegal don't you get? All of my hard-working Italian ancestors came here LEGALLY, through sponsors. Know the difference.
You are the bigot and hate mongerer, Elizabeth Warren. You should be ashamed.
That's just some Soros Funded Bold Progressives PCCC talk...
Subjecting taxpayers to pay for Dreamers when they have to work two jobs to support their own families is immoral!

So Sioux him
These "dreamers" are displacing Native Americans and stealing resources from them.
Then do something
Lying Pocahontas saya what?
Pocahontas wanna be
Their PARENTS subjected them to deportation when they broke a law for which the penalty is DEPORTATION.Maybe you should learn about our laws
If 800,000 people steal something of high value, as long as their children have benefitted, it's ok.
Do you even understand policy, law, etc? How embarrassing for you to not know how things work. Isn't that your job? Quit lying to people.

Meet Aida, the clerk at my local gas station. She's 71, an awesome person and a legal immigrant from the Philippines. Listen to this! 
They aren't subject to mass deportation & you know it. Now you have to do your damn job.
Maybe the legislative branch of our federal government could finally pass a legal solution in accordance with the US Constitution!
Subjecting congress to do their job is the cornerstone of @realDonaldTrump's admin. Forget the EO Obama teased dreamers with. Make it law.
Do your job and create legislation to fix this as it should be rather than crying about it. Work, you just had a month off
So says the fake Indian

Its in your hands now. Do your job!
He put the fate of #DACA in Congress's hands, WHERE IT BELONGS. Get off of your butts and work for a living like the rest of us!
#DACA is unconstitutional! 
Your so-called "compassion" is as fake as you being a native Indian or Obama's presidency
#LEGALimmigration
When did it become a Senator's job to protect lawbreakers?
Do your job Sen it's not for the Pres to do BO shouldn't taken the burden off the Senate. Stop crying about having to do your job !
I'm much more concerned about American children's dreams. You should be, too. Take care of our own FIRST.
The only one that needs to be deported is you
This is why Sessions left the Senate. Thank you for trying to stop that move.
With this rhetoric, I've changed my mind, no 6 months 2 fix this, END DACA NOW & DEPORT.  Please continue w/your protesting, it's now valid.
Hey Lizzie, tell me when we ever "mass deported" illegals BEFORE DACA? You won't answer b/c it's NEVER HAPPENED. #Moron
