They have no intention of replacing the ACA.  They just want to get rid of it because the rich don't need it.
Trump's voters were fooled by a third-rate con man. In the next four years they'll realize they've been had.
but Not by Hillary
so just like how your ripped out treatments for #raredisease patients by trashing the OPEN Act? Glass houses...
: I'd respond if you made sense.
 not smart enough to read. Golf claps for you!
: LOL. Oh, I can read words, but I'm no mind reader. Do you know the term, proof read? Still laughing.
guess you don't know what Google is. Pocahontas knows what I am talking about. Educate yourself.
: Google can give yr missing words, explain yr chaotic reasoning & make sense of yr rambling? Wow! Again, proof read much?
missing words and chaotic rambling? Again, google it. Really simple. Be smart.
: Now, yr repeating yrself. Google cn't cure yr communication defects. Sorry to break it to u, yr #boring. Leave me alone now
They have been trying to repeal and replace it for 8 years!! And now that they can they dont even have a replacement
Dems are only trying to save Obamas legacy..could careless about how people pay their health insurance
explain the ethics of this:
YES
You don't have to live in the real world with the rest of us. Obamacare is a nightmare. I had good insurance before you took it
The 20 mil Americans have always had STATE FUNDED HEALTHCARE-are you intentionally obtuse?
You democrats are bs artists, aren't you?
RIP Indeed! My insurance has become unusable due to unaffordable deductible.
It is a failure!
@SueSabo @SenWarren @SenateGOP Mine too
Exempting your rumps from Obamacare speaks for itself how great it is.
Because Americans CAN'T AFFORD IT!! Can't pay Dr's because premiums are too high, plus the fines. #StupidDemocrats
You Democrats inflicted this scourge on us with zero Republican votes. Time to repeal/replace #ACA!
lying twat! They want it tobwork for everyone, not just the poor, but the middle class, that pay the lions share of it
@BadASSSery @SenateGOP ...or they will tweak the ACA a lil, give it a new name, & take the credit for changing nothing
LoL Yes Dear, we will dump obamacare  God Bless Pres-Elect Trump, 8 more days 
get a life woman we want it GONE
True !
Bernie calling FOR protests nation wide,I have work offered healthcare and i demand aall Americans be covered,..NOW!!!
will be VERY THANKFUL when they do!!!
Boy, 8 years later they sure are eager to work now... Guess the other years were just warm up for mediocrity... #FAIL
is that what you call ACA being passed without readin it, or by a COMPLETELY partisan vote
Oh, yeah, the healthcare we can't afford!  Yes, why would we want to change that? We love 5k deductibles!
Elizabeth is exempt...
making my healthcare more expensive didn't help me! If it's so great, govt officials should be required to use!
If its so good,fauxcahontas,why are you exempt ?
#MAGA
@realDonaldTrump
no pochanatos that's not what they want to do
Please do everything you can to keep the ACA. We depend on you. #ACA
I think they want to fix it why not work to improve it instead of making it worse?
when they repeal, they will own it.
....YOU BREAK IT, YOU BUY IT. ....YOU OWE IT. ...TRUMPCARE. ......
all out of spite! What's happening to us?
if it's so great why aren't you using it
All the @SenateGOP has to do is some rebranding. Name it HeritageHealth after the authors of the plan or RomneyCare after Mitt.
Here are some ideas to improve government
Must protect them & us from their short sightedness. Keep ACA but fix flaws. Stand fast Dems. Our only wall.
Simply put; THE GOP HATES AMERICANS! If they aren't in the upper 1%, they aren't worth a plugged nickel.
Liz you're lying and you know it.  You're revealing yourself as the feckless wannabe you've been all along
More hot air Elizabeth , now it time for your mess.
you are lying
and this surprises you? GOP great rhetoric, no substance!!
do you listen to yourself?  Doubt it
Stop cryin and grow a freakin pair Lizzie.
U got in Stumph's face...where is the bravery now when we need it?!?!?!
Shame on them!
it's not the ACA they want. It's Medicare. See Ryan's blueprint for Medicare.  The ACA is the trial balloon.
Millions who voted for DT wanted. Now it hits them and they say wait. Some of the woman protesting voted DT
their right. U lost.
they will have the blood of many Americans on their hands
#TrumpMorons don't know #ObamacacareIsACA https://www.google.com/amp/elitedaily.com/social-news/trump-supporter-schooled-facebook-obamacare-affordable-care-act/1746982/amp/ …
hmmm   Not too true.
Oh..the sky is falling..The sky is falling!It doesn't work anymore..your threats, fearmongering-NO EFFECT!
Illegal aliens Don't deserve healthcare.  I'm not paying for those Dregs to have healthcare.
And Warren is a LIAR as always just remember how clintons operate and there is Warren same kind of lying & deceiving!
many of  those that voted for Trump need ACA, but voted for Trump. Let them live with it.
stop it ....just stop it, as Bob Newhart used to say
GOP should leave the ACA  alone and let it die on its own then when dems come crying offer a solution
-IT DOES NOT WORK!! PPL work 2 PT jobs cuz businesses can't afford .Plz take ur FAKE Native Amer.self back 2 ur fake reservation
To Trump supporters: Be careful what you wish for.
: @SenateGOP want to tear apart the ACA / How about giving us back the World's Best Healthcare we had before ACA lies & fraud?
u guys just keep shifting farther left and see what happens n 2018
As opposed to democrats who stole money from people to give those other people insurance?
@NicoleGraham031 @SenateGOP and this is how.
I read that this morning and I am almost fainted! In other news, I miss you. 
ACA is NOT affordable. So it does no good.
keep ACA!!
Welp, they did run on being assholes. Gotta givem that one.
spreading fear and is the opposite of what Trump has said still the same ol lying bags of sh*t
Those  of us who have known being vulnerable know how critical 
med insur coverage really is.
I think they're the most vile, vindictive, ignorant people on the planet!
i think if they tried, they could find more urgent areas to work in,  like the trump moving all his family into the White House,
Morbid obesity rates in Red States increases chronic disease. These people should be allowed to choose their fate.
They never did in the first place, Republicans are the most inhumane & greedy group of beings sucking up oxygen
Republicans voters are two faced hypocrites, who don't deserve social benefits like Social Security, Medicare or ACA.
and then leave a broken system for us  to repair whilst taking their loot to the bank
Families need a replacement! Consider this: 
https://www.facebook.com/chadtoughfoundation/posts/1379701168730643:0 …
.@SenWarren thank you for keeping up #thegoodfight I know it must be exhausting dealing with asshole psychopaths day and night. #resist
@sandee0802 @SenateGOP The only reason Trump wants to replace ACA is so he can create the same exact plan & call it Trumpcare.
that's what you do when you have no other plan in their playbook! Break it and then don't fix it! What a plan!
Unlike BHO who lied through his teeth, or every Dem WHO NEVER READ THE DAM BILL. It's A FRAUD/THEFT & It's outta' here
They had six years to come up with a better idea! THEY STILL HAVE NO PLANS DUMBASSES
BOOM!  Know what happens when system files in the operating system get deleted?
So stupid! Many of their voters are insured by it. Cutting their own throats!
I bet you right now and send it to Warren that you will not tell anyone why you do not have Obamacare? Why is that?

You mean the taxpayer giveaway to 'health providers'?  Used to be my hero, but after supporting sHillary, not so much.
Those red states that need government help, food stamps & subsidized insurance, should not have voted for Trump.   Oxymoron
-Have a healthy nephew after a highrisk pregnancy thanks to ACA!Sad thing is trump supporters didn't think he'd repeal
yes don't let GOP REPEAL AND RUN.  They could have spent 8 years helping to make better and moving our nation forward
Who in the world writes this jargon, it can't be you Elizabeth, your to smart to be obtuse, check on your staff.
Keep fighting for us. We are depending on all of you. #ThankYou
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP I'm here, trying to recover from a hemorrhage, wondering if I'm going to die this week because of losing coverage.
@zefirotorna @SenateGOP maybe if they owned banks you and your ilk would find a way to bail them out.
They are modern day carpetbaggers
Liz - is this the best you can do?  Pathetic / hope your constituency sees through you!
Repeal n run. What a nice  sound  bite How about repeal n make better together Who the hell r u working for dem party or US
ACA picked winners and losers. The middle-class gets stuck with higher premiums and deductibles. That's un-American.
republicans don't care about the poor we have to take them down
- repeal & run. Catchy. ! And it is exactly what they want to do !
You behave as if the ACA isn't a house on fire. Insurers are running screaming from the building. Stop the lying!
What of taxpayers forced 2 pay for it? Young ppl forced 2 buy something they don't need? Subsidies inflating costs?
Perhaps you need to get a real job...i.e. one not paid for at taxpayer expense...Terms limits are so needed.
that is so true
PHONE NUMBER is here plus the script https://twitter.com/derekcnel/status/818157052354760705 … Ya'll please share.
Here's an updated script for you to call your Senators. Message is simple: No ethics clearances or background checks, no hearings. 
It would be nice if anything truthful ever came out of your mouth.
All law makers have 100% health care sponsored by tax payers and tax payers don't
Lyin' Liz at it again
@SenWarren @SenateGOP 
#demexit #cnn #foxnews #msnbc #maga
Stop Lying !!! Public Servants like you are the reason why TRUMP won !!! Thank You MS Warren.. PLEASE RETIRE !
please don't let them!
all your party has is fear tactics which didn't work in the election people want that crap gone @SenateGOP DO IT
Attention Dysfunctional Congress 34 billion to assist about 13 million with Health Insurance that's not worth a dime.
Something must be done with the cost of premiums.  #StartWorkingForAmericans #StopWorkingForTheCorporations
you are a #liberalidiot  @SenateGOP will offer a better plan with real market competition.
They complained about emails and Benghazi, too. It was all a fake. They are good at it--obviously.
NO repeal without having a replacement in hand! Not yrs down the road!
Thank you Sen W..fight them and let them know YOU ALL WORK FOR US AND SO FAR NOT GOING SO WELL..WE'RE WATCHING SO...
@funder Pls call yr senators about keeping ACA. # 202 224 3121 & follow promps
Lady you are absurd. No one is proposing the crap you're spewing. Stop lying. Yes you're lying 
@SenWarren why are you tweeting so much.   #epicfail
It's like they are Indian givers!!!
Trump should implement single payer/public option the get rid of the ACA which is Obamas gift to the insurance ind.
Nothing affordable about it if you weren't paying attention.
Maybe we could convince them to just remodel it and make it more of what they want and leave its bones in place.
R are smarter and with more conviction than you and your petty democrat colleagues
I've never seen Congress be more productive then since this last week.  Gut IEC, defund PP, repeal OBC, screw USA ...
GOP better whip up some quants, math modelers and proof of concept algorithms for any changes to ACA-how it works!
ACA is not bipartisan but Nancy Pelosi 's
you Senator Warren are our "Princess Leia" the best hope we have to defend us. Gather your force. We stand with you.
19mil on Obamacare, 10mil are because they got kicked from the private insurance due to obamacare
how can we file a class action lawsuit against the @SenateGOP?
has anyone seen what the SenateGOP is posting? Spin and lies as usual. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Please stop these people. They care about no one.
It's like shooting yourself in the foot.
don't let that happen. America wants the Affordable Care Act to remain and be fixed
fyi the same people ad state funded healthcare prior to the federal intrusion into healthcare.
Yeah, just like I needed to pay a penalty in taxes 4 not having insurance while I was out of work. Thank you!
The American People voted and we want it gone.
GOP = Make America Sick Again
You took away my healthcare options when you pushed obamacare-what about us, not a big enough voting group?
Senator Warren I hate that Birther Leader Racist!
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP paid for by minimum tax on the wealthy and tax on short term stock trades-including market makers.
they want to make it better!!
Echo chamber
then you should support @RandPaul in his efforts to find suitable replacement.
Only numbers GOP care about are 3.8%, 0.9%, top 1%.
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP you all need to put your own non-negotiable "free health care for all" plan on the replacement table
and maybe the millions more that you hurt to fund your silly baby can start to heal. What a thought
show me your health care plan ! You know the onewe,your employer pays for? Why should you have better than us? Corrupt
keep up the needed fight Sen Warren. Those Gop are selfish and just plain mean! I chose to be an educator/not wealthy
sounds like they want to ADD 137 BILLION to the debt. Weren't they the "fiscal conservatives"?
You are an ingenious #AssHat Stop peddling your hate & lies.
20 million of 300 million = 6.6% lives covered by Affordable Care.......
would you say they want to "scalp" it?
repeal it! We need insurance that we can actually use w lower deductibles! And that fine! Repeal it!
heartless pricks  GOP have there Congressional med.plans,no worries & the hell with everyone else struggling to get 1.
not to mention the lost jobs and money.
instead of calling out the whole senateGOP just rip apart their ideas to fixing it as I did with Rand's 1st point of 3 prong plan
could you also make it so ins companies pay more...we can't pay 80% of the premium, we do they only pay 80% of bills?!
at any moment in our history the #GOP and #Republicans we're not for the people. They are good in exploring #People
what about those who were paying for it that had it stripped from them?
SCREW THESE DIRT BAGS. FIGHT. PLEASE FIGHT
they say it needs to be "better, more affordable" so does that mean common sense wins and we finally get single payer?
the GOP will careless as long as the top 1% are covered.
The #ACA "gotta pass it to see what it does" is designed to destroy lives with debt
keep fighting for the people!
Is that REALLY what they want? Your head is way up your A$$ if you think the people in this country believe that! Fake
the ACA saved my life, thank you for speaking up and fighting to keep it.
tell that to the people working 2 pt jobs or the ones who fall through the cracks still with no insurance
Enrich the richest cabinet ever, top 1%, and screw the bottom 40%. Being middle class/poor is a disease to Republicans
could they just make it so I don't have to pay for every freeloader that has made government assistance their career choice?!??
they've had 6 years to come up with something else but all they can say is "you'll see" they dont care about Americans
