The incredible docs, nurses & staff at Manet & other community health centers are on the frontlines of our country’s opioid epidemic.
Today I launched a survey of 70+ MA orgs for more info about resources they need to treat substance use disorders:
I’ll fight back as Republicans try to gut access to mental health & substance use treatment by repealing ACA & cutting Medicare & Medicaid.
Taking a look at your feeds I am struck by the viciousness you seem to elicit

Keep up the good work!

#Neverthelessshepersisted
And did you tell them how awful the pres is and how the world is doomed
seems like the opioid addiction increased under Obamacare??   Just sayin!
#communityhealth
You're really one of the greatest fighters the Democrats have right now keep up the great work America appreciates you
If Pocahontas is one of your greatest fighters your in trouble.
stop Trump STOP Russia
they are in the white house..took the US with out 1 boom or gun shot. WHY
get back to work taking down the Russians
again...let me guess...
Have you visited any of our homeless vets? Why have you abandoned them?
Aren't you just special.
get back to Washington and do your job.  Quit taking vacations.
Do they treat those with mental illness due to being democrat? supporting far left tards like you?
Thanks for letting us know about your photo op
redirect the profits from these substances into treatment, law enforcement, education. Problem solved. Crooks wont let it happen
how about a single player  health care plan
loved the news story today that trump supporters would be the ones that are effected the most. They will cry about that too
did you go there to see the witch doctor?
They let you in? Slow day?
Photo Op. Sound the trumpets & give your donations.
- #Quincy is home of #Obama #illegals. No one cares. #MApoli #BuildTheWall #TrumpTrain #Boston #MA #Trump #liberals #MuslimBan
who cares!
God bless you! Keep up the good work and fight!
nooo its a murder shop known as abortion clinic
thanks for all your doing
Please, read the bill, TITLE XXII PATIENT & STATE STABILITY FUND, SEC. 2202, term "high-risk individuals" undefined On Purpose.
I believe this is so that for the 1st time Insures companies will charge based on health condition & not just by age & gender.
UN-AFORDABLE CARE ACT nothing more than socialist style Alinsky spread the wealth scheme. Needs to go.
thank you.  healthcare is a human right not a luxury.  as a nation we shift the narrative to population health, not individuals.
no legislation dictating we should care for each other.  3rd world countries don't...is that our aim? #evolve
stop playing the Medicaid will still be available via state. If prem. low, many no need Subsidies aka Medicaid pay self
your beautiful Elizabeth!
Wow Warren you're so compassionate, incredible you CROOK.
Watch out for the microwave in the staff room !
do these people perform community service for their free shit? They should work on roads in exchange for benefits!
Exactly what will you do to "fight"? All we see & hear from you is ineffective yelling.  And then you were shushed like a child.
*critical
I agree w/u on opiates. However there are those who NEED them for chronic pain. So we suffer 2 times the pain and try 4 relive
- Yep and they all say we can't wait until Obamacare is flush down the sewer... why did you suppprt it without reading it Warren
Sen. Warren was not in the Senate at the time
thank you senator. As an APRN-CNS  I'm sure that meant a lot to the staff and clients.
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-obamacare-trump-supporters-20170312-story.html …
pay no attention to the whiners. They don't recognize anything worthwhile when all they do is turn a blind eye to 45.
That's great Senator-so what does your visit mean/accomplish??
Knowledge
Thank you for standing up for those who have little power. I am a proud resident of MA.
please don't fall for GOP bs about CHCs being able to fill the void once they defund planned parenthood #AHCA Not True!
they should defund planned Parenthood. It's murder
And they rely on Obamacare
These don't seem to be the kind of folks that should fund the tax cut for the rich... or is that just me ??
Obamacare FORCED on America by Democrats who gave ZERO SHITS about resistance to it. #RepealObamacare
should have stayed for a while for a mental evaluation
feeling big heap sick?
Thank you!
Proud of you POCAHONTAS
You pretended to be an Indian LOL
what does that have to do with this clinic?
This is where people get CARE not the meaningless and politically defined "access" which means nothing and helps no one.
so true
Fantastic! As an employee of an FQHC in PA, I love when people take the time to see the great work we do! Thank you!
