Read the article @ChuckGrassley & I wrote about our over-the-counter hearing aid bill in @JAMAInternalMed: http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2606426 …
... and??
Taxpayers helped ME go to college. I paid back 10x in taxes since. Don't ask for $$$ -- ask for OPPORTUNITY!
As a hearing aid user, this worries me. No way would an OTC aid help me. hearing loss is nothing like vision loss.
yes. A proper test and fitting is necessary as well
And the ability to go back and adjust sounds until it's right.
yes. It's not that they aren't OTC it's that insurance doesn't pay a dime for a legit med cond
me too, & I agree. This needs work. Loads of unintended consequence danger here
I'm so confused.  Is she being sarcastic with this tweet???
who me?
wait , hearing aids need to be prescribed? Why ?
this also helps us to recommend an aid that fits your lifestyle and hearing loss. Not all the same.
Ok I had no idea
that's fine just thought I'd give you info 
I prolly could've looked it up, but you know ....
Take the millions we're spending on a bill and pay elderly too get them free!
my grandmother needs hearing aids desperately but theyre so expensive we havent been able to afford them. Thank u!
@LindaCollins11 @ChuckGrassley Hear,  here!
I support more affordable hearing aids!  My blind grandmother on Medicare could never get anything decent!
WOW! N a world with all our problems,we get hearing aids so we can hear u complain, so how much kickback did u get
when it's passes, grab a pair and then you might be able to hear what the American people  have been telling you.
oh no! Deregulation? I thought that was always bad? Won't the hearing aid market crash now? Fucking hypocrite.
Lee Majors advertises one on tv (or used to), and there r others. I've seen them at Walgreens. Don't need ur regs.
if you care about hearing protection, I take it u will vote 2 affirm Hearing Protection Act?
Details? Some means what?
Just remember,the republicans in general do not care if a six year old baby is walking along the streets without home or foodTrumpstheLeader
Hearing Aids are over priced whether they insurance or not. Why do we need a bill spending a million dollars?
WOW
what?
and why not? Some glasses are sold over the counter.
Kudos to Elizabeth Warren for championing consumer protections & gov transparency
Now Hear This! YOU SUCK!
sold OTC is great as long as it's in an audiology office   This will not be good for so many families
Chuck is a snake, we just found that out.  Now you're proudly announcing this nonsense.  Wtf Elizabeth?
Ins should cover hearing aids and vision therapy both
Without being fitted and set they are completely useless when not sold by an audiologist don't be so stupid.
Yes! I can't afford a pair that cost over 3 Grand total. Insurance companies don't cover much - most won't even tell you amounts.
hearing aids on the internet for $20 mine cost $4k healthy diet cures can help restore some hearing lose.
sounds good to me
hearing aids should not be sold "over the counter." Very irresponsible. Please educate yourself.
I sure need one,tears,thx
I just paid $5000 for two hearing aids. I wish this bill had been introduced in time to help me!
please don't pass the #Republicare bill. I'm elderly and ill and will not survive if I can't afford healthcare,
Why didn't you author it when Ds had the power?  #HASBEENPOCAHOTMESS
Love the idea.  Does it come with a bullshit filter for republicans?
Really? I hope you, @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters @SenSchumer are first in line. It's clear y'all can't hear. #MAGA
; wow, you do actually do something else besides complain for ratings and popularity.
It was the backward states that sabotaged the earlier bill.
Anyone can buy a hearing aid online. I'm deaf in one ear just choose not to spend the money.
MT @SenWarren & @ChuckGrassley hv bipartisan bill for some hearing aids be sold over counter, saving families money http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/fullarticle/2606426 …
thank you my mom is a person in need that can't afford them...thank you for looking out for Americans with needs.
what?!  Hearing aids?  Now is not the time for this.  Every single day, every effort toward getting to the bottom of #TrumpRussia
My father was a firefighter for almost 30 years. His work ethic was stellar. Now he and others can't afford aids.
SHUT DOWN THE GOVERNMENT, please. The people can take no more.
please #Warren2020 assuming anyone is still alive, of course.
Can you tell Chuck that one good thing doesn't undo the shit storm he's releasing on Iowa?
PLEASE!  Too many patients need them and can't afford them. Help figure out the hearing aid issue please!
just breath taking. That took you like 5 minutes to do.  Now get to work on something real.
I would   for you to be able to hear! If it takes an over-the-counter bill to open your eyes and ears I'm for it
now you want to cross an aisle?
Nicely done!
Do you now? How much $$$ goes in you pocket Socialist Pokey?
While we appreciate all u do,THIS IS NOT TIME 4 BUSINESS AS USUAL>THERE IS A MADMAN IN  THE WH #IMPEACH DJT
Don't forget to fire the pple who won't have regs. to enforce anymore.
Warren go back to bed. Your views are not American. You're nothing but a flaming socialist.
That would be such welcome relief to those that need these devices. Thank you for listening to constituents.
perhaps you should get one yourself so you can hear what the voters are saying to you.  RETIRE ALREADY.
Oh so philanthropic. 
Evil lying Democrats tries to deceive and spend more tax payers hard earned $.
U foot it!
Thank you! My aids cost $4,000. I am still working, but after I retire, I don't know how I will pay for new ones.
thats a reg I could do without TY
wow pocahontas that will save billions.
access leads to greater equality thank you
Having Sr. parent let me tell you this would be such a blessing. Medicare coverage even more so! Thank you!
jeepers....something that makes sense....who woulda thunk it could still be done
That would be wonderful!  Medicare doesn't pay for hearing tests or hearing aids.
here is an example of GOOD deregulation.
thank you for doing your job and having integrity!
Regulations are in place to protect consumers.
fantastic- they really are cost prohibitive. Never understood why they aren't covered under medical insurance.
this needs to happen soon, thanks.
I knew you had a listening problem,but didn't realize it was a hearing problem also. Why would he need your help?
over the counter aids may amplify noise but lack ability to convey understanding.Go to audiologist for best result
thank you so much! I am a teacher who wears hearing aids and mine cost $6333.00, so I appreciate your efforts!
As an AuD please reconsider since the problem isn't the AuD  it's the manufacturers costs
it's not even that. I dated the owner of a HA distrib. Mark up was horrendous
THANK YOU
real politics at WORK. Thank you
...it wasn't his idea so he will reject it.  Guarantee he will not sign one bill created by a Democrat.
isn't that a Trumo theme to cut regulation?  This should pass easily and get signed...but it won't because.....
But chick heard from friends & voters at town hall NOT to cut pre-existing in ACA. GOP bill to kill that
Thank you from a guy who needs them but can't afford the rediculous prices.
why don't you focus on gerrymandering I can't hear you guys talking about anything but figuring out how politics work
- Too late for Mom now. We could no longer afford them after the beagle ate her 3rd pair. We became LOUD talkers.
I go to bed each .ight with headaches from loud TV and loud talking
trump take focus of Russia, trump wins
when will you pay back the $$ you STOLE for your Harvard education and job by LYING about Cherokee blood?
Great idea! I bought a hearing aid on Ebay for under $100 - it works great and I can hear!
As I long time hearing aid user I hope your bill gets passed.
Thank you Elizabeth, Champion of Consumers. Baffles me that such a basic medical need is not covered by insurance.
Great news & great example of bipartisanship at its finest. This will be of great help!
One of the only bills Grassley has been a part of that I would consider.
aren't there more pressing issues?
it would be great if hearing aids could be included with insurance...especially for that bracket of btwn 18 and 70
that is wonderful news. My husband refuses to get hearing aids because of the cost.
Love you! For many reasons and most recently this. I can't afford a much needed hearing aid.
- That's a good idea. It will help.
Yes, Yes, Yes.
@GrassleyPress @ChuckGrassley more              intitlements they seem to never end.
hearing aid companies much like college professors rip everyone off for thousands of dollars,way overpriced
Lizzy Turn Your Hearing Aid On. YOU Will Not Be The candidate In 2020 If You Were trump Would Be A 2 TERM POTUS :)
that would be great. My mom needs them but we can't afford them. I alsi pay for her dental visits out of pocket.
#Great Idea..
good idea
I wear hearing aids, and I would appreciate someone explaining to me why they are not covered by insurance.
Won't that hurt the workers who produce hearing aids. Talking out both sides of your face Liz.
this is the kind of actions we can stand with you on
Sounds good 
why don't you help push a single-payer healthcare system
@DanerE_57 @ChuckGrassley Can someone get a pair for the WH? Wld also recommend a well developed brain or some Xanax or something
maybe do the same with contacts? The yearly prescription for contacts is absurd and should be 2 or 3 years.
not real sympathetic to contacts. If issue is sight, get glasses. Contacts are vanity products
Great!
o chit. what kinda whore does that???
Why don't you look into FDA and how they keep drug prices high. Ir would that rile your pharmacology buds?
GOOD! As many companies scam by same pricing at thousands of $ for less than $20.00 worth of components.
good positive bill
 Thank you
good idea ... my aids were $5,500.00 ridiculous .
a pair of glasses without insurance could be $700 just so you can see!
Glasses should also be available. They are out of their mind what they charge for lenses
important! but #Trump administration is driving US environment and foreign policy into the ground. #ImpeachTrump
BUT if sold OTC insurance would no longer cover.  Has a - side effect risk. JS
Most insurance doesn't cover hearing aids.
I think its far past time working with the GOP.Priority should be getting Trump to resign! #TheResistance
GEE Betty, Whats up with that, Only took you till March to start doing your Job !
As an audiologist, your hearing aid bill concerns me. Accurate diagnosis & fitting is vital but impossible via OTC
that's great!
Good for you! I respect your return to legislative duties. Invite VT delegation to join the effort. @SenSanders
please tell chuck that his Polk Cty constituents want a public forum. In the evening. He won't reply to us.
thankyou
From a 58 yr old with tinnitus...Thank You!
Hearing aids are so expensive and are typically an out of pocket expense making them out of reach for many.
That's great Liz. Now can you tell Chuck to listen for the Russians and get behind and investigation.
Please do the same for albuterol inhalers. The ability to breathe is a human right.
Not sure that actually benefits patients other than financially. How about adjusting insurance to start covering?
there are already some devices sold OTC that are PSAP's. Nothing in your bill addresses proper fitting techniques
another dopey democratic brain storm !
My friend can't afford hearing aids. She's on Medicare & Medicaid & cant afford the copay
This bill would give a new life to millions w/hearing loss! Before I got hearing aids, I was totally isolated!
no you don't you cost us hard working AMERICANS tens of thousands of dollars every yr with all the your freebies
when will we see legislation to force insurance companies to cover them? We have a 10 yr old son who needs them regularly.
How can you work with that creep?
Is this all you can come up with! Repeal O'care and we can buy our own damn hearing aids!
Wonderful bill since Medicare does not pay would save thousands!
my dad could really use this!!
Good luck.
Once again, as a #hearingaid wearer, I am proud to call @SenWarren my Senator! You continue to #Persist !
This will help many people.
Yes, this is drastically needed!
what?
you trying to help people. My heart my heart
They are as necessary as glasses -- but not insured that way
Excellent idea!
That's practically embracing free markets and consumer choice in health care. Push your brain a bit more like that w/ ACA
that would be fantastic, I am 37 and told by Drs I need them, have 4 kids too, so kids come first
@Cindy_52s @ChuckGrassley Why isn't Grassley willing to investigate Russian meddling in the election? Looks like he is complicit.
Good luck. Hearing aid lobby might get in Trump's ear to squash it.
Fix the Obamacare mess before all else!
You are wonderful. Thanks for always working for the people you represent.
Holy sh**. Sen. Warren reducing regs?? Write this day down y'all. The end is nigh!!
you will be helping people that may have tumors or other serious medical conditions go unnoticed and progess
I'm sure this is good news but who cares? We need to stop everything and address Russia & weekend tweetstorm ?s
you do not have the best interests of the hearing loss patient at heart !  It's not that simple !! Mistake !!
Please hurry! My 74 yr old mother can't hear anything below a bellow.
that is ridiculous and should never happen !!!  It's more than meets the eye !! Call me and I'll tell you why !!!
I'm completely ignorant about this.  Why is it a bad idea?
. Every patient and I mean every patient must be screened for acoustic tumors and other medical issues
Senator please read my tweets I sent you on your other account IMPORTANT  THANK YOU
I know someone who could use one
YOU GO GIRL!! (and Chuck) 
.@SenWarren @ChuckGrassley Saving money? That means lower profits. The GOP will never let that happen. Good luck, though.
I used to work 4 an audiologist. Hearing aids have to be calibrated 4 patients,  this wouldn't work at all.
.  I just paid 1/2 of what Ivanka's speech dress cost for hearing aids. Hearing is a wonderful gift.
but before that get the Russian investigation going save America
doesn't save any money if over the counter is not covered by insurance. prescription for expence covered.
she need to hear the crap she says. Make them available with a translate function. So you can hear yourself
YES, LET LIZ SPEAK ABOUT HEARING AIDS.
and can't you get the same thing from Verizon can you hear me now
thank you!!!
I'm guessing you own stock in a hearing aid company feather head
Republicans only heard, bla bla, sold, bla bla saving, bla, money, bla bla reducing regulations.
How about work on medicare coverage for hearing instead of shitty republican deregulation ideas?
thank you! Mine cost $6,000. What do people do that can't afford that?
my dad can't afford them, so he can't communicate with anyone. It's very sad. I miss talking to him. 
I'm so sorry about that.  Can he understand if you are facing him?
no, he got so sad when I tried to talk to him, and he couldn't understand me no matter how hard I tried,
he started crying.
I'm sorry. That's sad.
Maybe we can be like Japan now w/ unregulated aids and adoption/satisfaction rates 1/2 level achieved in the US
Can you give some to GOP lawmakers?
great idea glad someone still remembers the struggling American families who sent them to Washington.
when meds go "off prescription" the copay becomes full price, often more expensive for customer... be careful here
while you're at it could you find his spine?
now that I can agre with.
Cause everyone knows howto diagnose and treat their own sensorineural loss. Shit idea, works poorly in Japan
