If water is in your home, DO NOT go in to your attic, unless you know there is an exit. That is unsafe. #houstonflood
Wtf do you mean "be safe." That's what you say even someone is driving home, not when they're in a flood & YOU'RE THE DIRECTOR OF FEMA.
I'm sure TRUMP is working on brilliant solution, no one will be hurt unless crazy Texas libs (lezzo mayor) stop him from implementing!
Just saw a tweet earlier asking for help, people in attic. So incredibly sad.
Jesus tells what makes us unworthy for rapture.
Where is the civilian component of all this disaster relief. Like the American Red Cross during World War II and after
Is there a list of do's/don't that is published/read by media before the potential of any disaster?  People panic under pressure.
Global warming
Hey Fema, aren't you supposed to alert people of these types of warnings before diaster strikes?
no longer FEMA's responsibility. After they screwed up during and after Katrina Bush changed it to DHS
Love the guy doing sign language on ur reports. He's awesome
What can I do to help if I don't live in Texas?
Follow @ChelseaClinton A lot of ways to help on her timeline #HoustonFloods
What a JOKE!!!!!! SERIOUSLY?????? LEAVE THE SCANK BAG CLINTONS OUT OF THIS VERY REAL DISASTOR. WE DO NOT NEED THEIR EVIL.  PRAY FOR TEXAS!!
My thought and prayers go out to my home state The great state of Texas and Houston. We Texas are proud people and strong
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/fema/status/901825103092219904 … (Ranked 16th for Aug 27.)
ok  and where do we go   will we sit up to our waist in water like those old people    you guys work for trump?
#LifeNotMaterials Please remember God can Give you Better. Praying for your safety @HoustonOEM @fema
In other words, they didn't listen and are now paying the price for their stupidity!
Hindsight is 20/20 unless you've been where they are you have no clue!  Don't call people names say it's they're fault etc Katrina survivor
Hi Katrina Survivor that mean you didn't get out either
I just figured out Omarosa's job: retweeting. Apprentice is over. Go home.
Good advice. Take a working chainsaw with you if you have no other choice.
The destruction caused by hurricane Harvey is an oppertunity to rebuild,please check out the Taos New Mexico Earthship community.
Does FEMALE need a functional communications amateur radio relay station that world comm capable? Gary W0GDS
Hope all is well. #Dawkins  #Berry  familys. And rest of #Texans
That's God's answer climate change. Maybe the president will think differently.
Glad to see FEMA is at least tweeting cuz all the help I seen it came from local residents if they're helping they would be caught on TV!!!
I guess Cheeto 45 is living in gold as we Texans suffer, because he doesn't give a shit. He'd rather promote a bigots book instead.
Seriously are you kidding
accident it how you finish and deal with it in your time in life
be aware they all were cautioned to evacuate.
Not everyone has the resources to leave or other places to go.
http://www.thedailybeast.com/trumps-lawyer-backed-putins-anti-gay-agenda … just cut off lgbt health care in California fight needs help with FBI HATE CRIME with Mexicans extremist cartels
A lot of  folks need help asap!
Jesus tells what makes us unworthy for rapture.
@fema my cousin is trapped in his apartment building on Braeswood Blvd in Houston. He just had surgery two days ago contact me for more info
@SenWarren @HoustonOEM watching the W/C. Where is FEMA presence in Houston?All I've seen is water and locals.#WTF!
Excellent response in Texas. Thank YOU
All these Trump haters out there. We have a disaster in Texas and all you do is slander Trump. The people will remember this! #cometogether.
Everyone except immigrants who didn't evacuate out of fear of you
I think they are tweeting from Washington.
@SenWarren @HoustonOEM Paul Ryan got his eye on you defund fema give money the First Class like himself other Rich they need Blood $$!
GOP were smart to cut FEMA funding! Less priority than the Wall & Rebuild the Military! Hurt all voters! No budget for HOU, ACA, or mercy!
Good idea
Texas, stay safe!

Bring a hammer even if you have a way out. Stuff gets stuck in storms.
will put on arm
Ha ha go in your attic please.
https://twitter.com/kelly2277/status/901205678508953600 …
Here is the real flood, trump the child rapist SAD
Don remember this 13 y/o. She remembers you
Be smart-be safe-courage.
They all need alot of help they need more resources asap!!! Alot are almost under water need help!!!
Our President is on it.








Why wasn't Houston evacuated??  FEMA warned of catastrophic flooding...

Always verify everything a lot of #Fakenews tropical storm common in south Texas

Be safe- unless ICE drops you off at a closed bus station and abandons you there in the storm.
Do you need more volunteers to evacuate people?
@realDonaldTrump SUGGESTION: Have helicopter drop rescue auto inflatable rafts to people on roofs. This will prevent another Katrina!
They need more boats. Get them!!!
I've heard that if you have an axe or tool to break through the roof that it is OK, is that true?
No. It is not easy to break through a roof. Depending on the roof, tools and people involved, it might not be possible.
