Maybe you should have them all live with you in your mansion and pay for them with all your millions!!
I'm overwhelmed by your compassion
My compassion is for Americans and Americans first!!!
Thats v sad I wld encourage u to get to know ppl from other countries U might end up caring 4 them 2
You didn't answer my question!!
yes, I did unless u sent a third tweet. I said yes. My heart can hold compassion for all kinds of ppl.
Maybe you should talk to and get to know those victim's families and show them some compassion!
ok, I'm happy 2 Do u know any R they all against welcoming refugees Im open 2 hearing their reasons
please have illegals come to this country legally
Refugees seeking asylum _ARE_ legal. This is not complicated.
dems call them refugees because they want them in here  to vote Democrat
“Refugee” is a legal status that can’t be debated. Are you really that ignorant?
refugees go through a process to see if they're eligible for legal status.
Yes they do. *clap* You said something vaguely intelligent! WELL DONE.
you are liberal arrogance is showing everybody else is stupid except you this is why libs got their butts kicked!
Everyone else isn’t stupid. But frankly you’re not making the case that you’re not.

(FYI: “your”)
so let's talk.  How do we get the rat out of the house?  Before the whole house is poisoned?
refugee children r equivalent to rats? Such compassion
the children aren't the rats.
but they r the refugees
the rat I was referring to has a bad hair do and orange skin.   He's going to poison whole house, if we don't stop him.
got it! I misunderstood! I agree w u wholeheartedly!
I'm finding twitter to be a challenge.   One has to read quickly or things go sideways.
yes! There r lots of ppl who quickly spew insults & jump 2 conclusions I try 2 counter & b civil 
She is but one of  hundreds of refugees-  Each should be handled on a case by case basis, not mass immigration
Obama/Hillary shouldn't have runs guns to Syria & left a vacuum in Iraq which spawned ISIS @realDonaldTrump
Drumpf ONLY CARES FOR HIMSELF AND IVANKA OF COURSE! His heart is as black as coal and colder than an iceberg.
we need your views on General Michael Flynn also Go girl!
Let them come to Africa. We have alot of space. Why do they prefer America??
a todos los países les llega su Nicolás Maduro, lo que nunca pensé que iba a llegar a los Estados Unidos
@keyspan @realDonaldTrump Now the Dems need to become the PARTY OF NO!
that would require them to show up & work & they wont even stand up &fight 4 the people
Or rather, fighting for non-Americans with a side hobby of fighting for fetuscide.
Oh brother! You are so dramatic...and wrong.
Suffer the little children. Trump does NOT have a big heart.  He has NONE.
@keyspan @realDonaldTrump Trump needs to be stopped.  We can never trust our government again.  It's a circus with Bannon leading
You close the door on millions of Americans who need help.  There are many other avenues for these people
Yes at the hands of the USA who is funding Terrorists to Torture people, Let's not get it twisted Pocahontas
This little girl needs a chance! I pray that she is ok. Trump is a monster. He only thinks of himself & his $$$
donnie, are you feeling safer?
.@SenWarren Where's the Dems outrage over Obama shutting down Cuban's escape? #wetfootdryfoot 
also, Obama shut down Iraq immigration
He's a cruel subhuman.
Whose hands is it on when a white man shoots up a school?
You have a big house, you can take in as many as you want.
and closed the door on terrorists who want to kill people.
Obama had a 6 mo. Ban on Iraqi refugees...left Christians to be slaughtered.
So what's the solution, being a welcome mat for the world & not demanding the rest of the world does the same?
today he also stood up for the unborn, how is a life in Aleppo more valuable than one in the womb?
ALL of you need to FIGHT BACK, @SenWarren! @realDonaldTrump
if only you liberals cared as much about our veterans as you do for refugees from other countries. Backwards.
Warren just writes the script however fits her hateful agenda complete with the dramatic effect
stop voting on his nominees
You have been in office, and done nothing!! You & Obama not help that little girl did you?
I think you mean her not me
Do you think POTUS shut the door on a little girl?
yeah he did. But I'm not in office she is. Tweet to her not me
you were on the tweet exchange so start packing or get on the Trump train or shut up!
you first
I am on the Train not going anywhere. Give him a chance. He is not shutting the door! @SenWarren fake news.
He's so narrow minded and disrespectful and ..... there aren't enough adjectives.
this is why Trump won. We are now going to put Americans first. We don't owe the rest of the world anything
interesting world perspective It might not b as easy & beneficial as u think to isolate ourselves
watching our own back is not isolation there will still be legal immigrants coming into the USA
it More than 1 way 2 watch ur back, IMO best 2 use facts not fear 2 make policy
why can't policy be to help people in our own country first? We have so much power
I don't disagree Its v complex & impossible 2 explain in 140 words Both r important & help U.S.
send people to their countries to help with problems. They don't come to us legally. Did you adopt this girl?
That can't be as bad as when they sent you to the reservation huh?  #TrailOfTears #Fake-agwea
well the Dem sold arms to the Jihadis, rebels pushing regime change, we dont' want these people in our country!
so.she was at white house and he closed the door from what i read at this point he is only targetting criminals
He closed the door on muslim terrorists and future muslim terrorists! Go Donald!
While liz does an infomercial for UNICEF on our dime,Trump puts AmericaFirst which is imperative & elected duty
We have become pompous flag wavers instead of an example to the world
Blame GWB afterall he's been the lefts scapegoat for 8 yrs already
YOU take them in the Pocahontas. Read my lips      WE DON'T WANT THEM        Do U get it now????
Nor do we want you
Trump has inspired people to live without compassion or empathy towards others. This is not who we are as a nation. Shameful.
What can we do? How can we help?
Look around and get head out of sand, stop hating us and do the right thing for this country
"Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness."
George Washington
our country is going to Hell by following shit trail of sick democrats that think ok kill babies
Yawnnnnn...cum off it! "Our country is going to Hell?" Killing babies? Shit is what u talkin..SMH
so it ok to kill babies, sell their bodies for age shots from stem cells that ok with you sickie
There you go again...killing babies. Stop with the extremism,judging and name calling. Arbitrary!!!

@PaulRyanUpdate OPEN YOUR EYES THIS IS NOT GONNA BE OK IF THESE BANS ARE NOT REVERSED . WHAT IS TAGGING TRUMP GONNA DO!!
Thank you for  standing up for peoples Rights. Wish Republicans in House would stop acting PAID OFF. REMEMBER WE ARE IN AMERICA!
My grandpa was a refugee. He loved this country.
a temporary closure. To protect our granddaughters and grandsons here.  take care of our own first !!!
Elizabeth! Stop this monster from destroying our country!!
Put a sock in it Pokie mon hontas! You are old news!
Whatever ur reason for endorsing loser HRC, it is not good enough.
And you keep voting for Trump's nominees
and now has a plan to bomb the countries they cant leave.  This country is horrible, do something
so do something about it!!!!@realDonaldTrump
hypocrite the democrats armed ISSIS and you remained silent?! Speak the truth or quiet!
Thank you for this, but why did you vote for his UN ambassador? @SenWarren @Hesiod2k11 @realDonaldTrump
yes he did, but a tweet won't help. Where is your big voice Senator? Get on TV and yell!!!
Problem is those young kids grow up to be muslim fanatics who support violent Jihad and Sharia law!
Today the door was also closed for those gunning for our lives……see how that works Liarwatha
As long as he has his golden throne, it doesn't matter who else suffers.
and you close the doors everyday when you fail to protect the citizens of this country who voted you in office!
give me a fucking break with the children pics, 80% of "refugees" are young fighting age males! #FakeNews
Stop voting in his cabinet picks. Stand up and #resist.
Please tell us what you and others are doing  to #ResistTrump That's what we want to know! #ResistTrump #Unfit
Please save our country!
Cry me a river. The hypocrite fails to disclose her 1.3 million dollar line of credit lectures the 99 percent
Shut up rich white Democrat! You aint for the poor! You steal from college kids!
Wow. And they wonder why.
@KellyannePolls Too bad our President can't close the door on you, Pocahontas. #MuslimBan #MAGA #AMJoy
sorry&send them all back to wherever they are from*we can't afford them*our pockets are empty*our hearts broken
it's is sad and depressing to have a president who is a racist, xenophobe and has no Heart
Good for Trump...  Unlike you, he wants to keep terrorists out of the country.
exactly what he promised to do. And having so promised,  won the election handily. The adults are in charge now.
What is Senate doing to oppose?  What about the folks stuck in airports?  OUr translators?
what are you and others in congress doing to stop Trump? His actions are unconstitutional!
Why are you so obsessed with little girls?
radicalized is who we don't want. That's what extremely vetting will stop
would rather stay in homeland and be safe. That's what we want also. So the little girl, who's dad might be ....
quit trying your old tricks. Obama's failed presidency and fake redline created this mess. The refugees........
@POTUS Send them all to Massachusetts & @SenWarren & her constituents will take personal responsibility for each & every one
You dems screwed up everything in Syria.  We should help them out over there.
not our problems!
Islam's 1,400 year old goal ...
Wake up ...
beside myself- I feel like my values and identity are crumbling -incredibly sad about the Syrians this is awful
it's amazing Senator Warren that you can preach such hate if they can vetted the entry is allowed
What are you doing? Nothing.

shove it, you don't represent America
Funny, I don't recall hearing how many refugees YOU took into your neighborhood, Fauxcahontas. Stop passing them on to us!
NO.. He *temp* closed doors *terrorist* entering.U R to narcissistic to realize this. That's why WE elected him
What are you going to do about it @SenWarren?
He’s an existential threat. No time for anything other than complete opposition. Complete. @SenWarren @Donna_West
I say we fight Trump back.  If only we could say, "Hell with Trump & go against him anyway.  Let them in.!
Trump has no compassion. PERIOD
@POTUS We should think of us first.  Not last.  If you really want to help them send them your money.
Wish we could close the door on the Dems! Those who don't love America should leave.
@AAPsyc @realDonaldTrump but!!!!
but the "pro life" bunch just DOESNT get it. Their message is tainted IMO because of this hypocrisy.
in an environment Obama did nothing to stop
Maybe the Muslims nations will take a couple...oh thats right...they don't want the risk of terrorism. Smart.
oh and what about the CHILDREN living on the streets? OUR AMERICAN CHILDREN and FAMILIES?? they come FIRST!!
If only someone would close the door on you and your hypocritical BS!
How many children have U volunteered to take in or pay for? So many children in US living in war zone in US that need help.
Along with all of the ones that want to come here to rape and kill.
There R atrocities & horror stories against children all over the world. #POTUS job is to keep American citizens safe first.
No one believes you anymore . That's why we elected Trump and why ur party is rapidly disappearing @seanhannity
More bs propaganda so US can be destroyed like EU. U shouldn't have created the crisis in Syria to begin with!
No mention of the terrorists who hide among the refugees? Germany, France, Sweden? Wake up lady, we're not dumb!
You got empty rms in your house.So show how much you really give a shit.We needs to take care of us now.
Thank you Senator for standing for truth right & the American way. Mr. tRump, how DARE you abandon these ideals!
oh, boo hoo. YOu are such a propagandist. Maybe make sure AIDE $goes to ppl rather than dictators??Or cut it off
So stop voting for his appointees.

Thanks.
Yes, I too agree, stop voting for his appointees.

Liberal destroys his fellow liberals. Must watch ! This is absolutely glorious! 

#PatriotsUnited 
Will you be taking them into your neighborhood Senator or to the neighborhoods of your Ivy League friends?
You're pathetic
All the more reason for SAFE ZONES IN THEIR OWN COUNTRIES!! POTUS is right, Warren wrong for whole Twitter stream on this topic.
hope you are one of them running
Then tell them to stop bringing terrorists in!
talk amongst yourselves
focus on the impeachment case, not Twitter. We know he's unfit for office.
you don't know crap, you just wish he was so you can put Hillary and Soros to destroying the USA, you sick evil traders
but you're voting yes on Trump's appointees. Not cool at all.
#ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia(they caused this).
no y'all caused this by being so evil to Russia in the 1st place demos want problem with Russia
&UR boy wants problems W/Mexico, China, heck anybody that's NOT Russia. I don't appreciate foreign enemies of State
influencing, hacking, my country's elections.
It's called Treason.
what about the numerous 7 year old homeless children in the USA?? They should be helped first!! And our Vets!!
Oh really? Did you open your doors to her? Is she living with you? That's what I thought. Hypocrite.
and they say religion doesn't hurt a thing well i got a few quibbles
this is all the god believers fault for creating a pyramid scheme call religion hope you all learned a lesson
Dear Fake-a-hontus...If you saw the girl in Greece she was already safe! You lying despicable person!
he truly scares me
U rescue Jews&Christians after bombing&destroying their ME countries.U trap Muslims & bomb again.
Ubomb &destroy Muslim countries,Jew&Christian U save, Muslim trapped, then U bomb them some more.
@stgh386 @realDonaldTrump 1965!! It's illegal-get a clue Senator! Bluster and staying TV visible won't cut it! Step up your game!
@candice_ralston Stop Warren, you are pathetic & you are not listening! The democrats created this problem 8 yrs
So what are we going to do about it? Looking for some leadership here.
Yet you're one of his enabler to his evil empire by approving his nominees, girl bye.  @SenWarren @MsClairissalove @realDonaldTrump
And kill all our unborn just so people that hate us want to kill us can come here and do it great
DT ain't gonna bust a grape in a fruit fight but he go picking on people who can't defend themselves. Shame DT.
well you DEMO rats have really give him so much support , y'all all act like spoiled children shameful
YOU SPEND MORE TIME CRYING ABOUT FOREIGNERS THAN YOU DO YOUR HOMELESS GODDAM CONSTITUENTS
you know you'd have an easier time fighting Trump if you didn't keep confirming his nominees
Cripes. When will the stupid shut up?
#Fauxcahontas
you should open your home to the homeless, please don't be selfish!!
#fakecompassion Time 4 #RealCompassion 4 American children, veterans and elderly. The world is not our problem.
we whites have been shoved to the back of the bus on purpose
1-term r 1-month, I gladly will accept.
maybe you should bring those immigrants home and let them stay with you.
as much as you are paid to turn against the American people, you can afford all of them HRC help U
please figure a way to impeach this lunatic!!
Stop voting yes on ANY of the Republican agenda. I thought you'd be the one....
after trump fixes the USA inner city mess + debt + jobs, then he can fix obama + bush's mess in the Middle East okay? USA FIRST!!
stop talking and do something
Lizzy just the opposite. Letting them is a betrayal of America safety. wake up you are ignorant jeez Hillary's loss has destroyed your mind
It's always "a little girl" victim w @TheDemocrats
We R in danger from all here, ISIS is all around, and usa hate groups, demorats bad
why can't Canada take her? Britain Denmark Finland Sweden Australia, why always us?
what about Americans running for their lives? This is the reason why #PresidentTrump  won
Running from what?
he's such a loser and a liar
All talk no action Elizabeth "High cheek bones" Warren. What have you personally done to help any of them?
he doesn't give a crap he is heartless SOB no compassion or empathy which u should have when your president
stand up amd do something.  So frustrating watching dems not speaking out more, and may confirming all these unqualified 'dates
Fauxahontas, you are a dishonest hack.
I encourage you & pray that you will find a way to unite the DNC & enough free thinking GOP to get to of him
Thats why you/we should not negotiate,compromise with this fascist traitor.
How about the people running for their lives in Chicago,IL ? U+fellow Dem obstructionists endanger citizens @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
@13JustAFan @realDonaldTrump Newsflash...Pro Life means All life.
OMG millions of USA babies killed a year they make age cream from their stem cells,DAMNit
kindly explain your counter point? How did my post lead us to face cream ???
thank you for fighting for us sll
Does China take any refugees? Russia? Korea? KSA? Get on the phone and demand that from those countries.
Russia took in Drumpf & family before the tainted election. Lock him up
There are other countries in the world. Don't you have a map?
Do we need to take in all refugees?
wht did u do to stop wars in libya, iraq, somalia and syria? Anti terror fundin bill?
They can run nearby to another Mideast country. Y do u want all of them here? Oh yeah, they r Dems.
