GOP is a cult, not a political party. Greed and power is more important than patriotism and assistance to the less fortunate. Shame !
A fascist hoard... greedy, blood thirsty fanatics hiding behind a "religious obligation"... hmm, now why does that sound familiar?
do it senwarren
Lizzy, the FDA along with every agency in government is over staffed and full of pork and fat!  Cut these agencies in half!! Freeze Hiring!
So much going on we can't forget about with all the distractions
Which symbols did you use Pocahontas?
Pocahantas knows everything she's been here before whiteman got off the boat.
Keep up the good work.!!   Watch your back.
@MorningsMaria @DanScavino Cuting staff by 13% piece of cake 4business shld be done all govt agencies.
Hahaha and more unemployed become hopeless and stop looking.  I don't know what's better my employed/homeless or hopeless unemployed 
Trump sent a video Saying he would lift santions on Russia now he is trying to do exactly that
this government needs an overhaul, every Democrat investigated!!
PAID TROLL  investigate HILLARY Warren Pelosi Schumer and Waters whole lot all need to be looked into @SenWarren @US_FDA
Oh nice you can write. What have you actually done to work with POTUS  & Republicans?
Thanks for the activity report!
@POTUS typical loon dem, no concept of fiscal responsibly when spending OUR tax dollars! Dems caused all this! Cuts now!
And I'm betting they stonewalled you
Only an idiot would want to hire more people when they are already way overstaffed and wasting our money.  Get a clue!
please retire already
More public employees is not the answer
A pimp at work. Protects the needy to be able to take advantage of them only. No fucking plan, just obstructionism & bullshit
Good grief. Private businesses have done more w lesss for years. It's time the Gov learned how.
Can we put a hiring freeze on senators
Wondering why it seems nothing is being done for Defense against Russian propaganda? Or why 24/7 Dems are being smeared w/disinfo?
Well good for you.
oh, goodie 4 U lieawatha.
Warren you can hire all you want just take a 50% paycut in the salary you don't deserve.
So... ummmm... you gonna pay them???? Quit possible away other people's money!
What do Indians write with??  Did you shoot it over with your bow & arrow!! #dumbcunt
I know people who work at @US_FDA --they already don't have enough inspectors. More Americans will die from this.
Don't you have a job to do?   Stop tweeting so much. . Worse than Trump!!!
It's called draining the swamp Liz. The government needs to be made smaller.
Or minority status  white was it  we the people have a right to knowledge
Fake news from a fake native American  why did you lie about your race  for taxpayer benefits maybe
Worried about losing paid voters?
How is it you make 175k and you are worth 15m.
 Can u give me you financial planers  name?
A hiring freeze is what our bloated giv. Needs you half breed, i mean whit.
Why don't you pay your female employees the same.?? You Hypocrite. #VeteransResist #Montana #Veterans @SenWarren #EqualPay #WomensMarch
Ok
More assholes to hire????
PLEASE help figure out how my grandchildren won't have crushing DEBT from out of control spending!!
Thanks again for speaking at #UMassAmherst. That was the highlight of my day! #EngageInDemocracy
did you do a smoke signal?
Lol.
More lazy do nothing government employees like you are useless.
Send them  smoke signals
Thank you. But they are useless.   Poisoned by Levaquin.  Crippled by Levaquin
Anything about the agency cuts? TSA, Coast Guards and more of DHS?
Give the tweeting a rest.  You tweet WAY more than President Trump and they make fun of him.
@POTUS you're right,The military industrial complex is a bloated social program, stop funding.
please help us make our government work for us again!
Can you please run for president the world needs it !!!
Thank you!
