With all do respect Senator Warren, what is the USA doing for the American citizens in Puerto Rico?
BULLSHIT. Six of the tRump idiots are using private emails.  And Kushner trying to setup back channels with Russia. No issue there.
You miss spelled dick it not deck learn to spell
I'M WITH YOU!
Dodd-Frank & Obama saved everyone's asses after all the fraud Wall Street & big banks committed. @GOP can't survive w/o robbing people. 
Wow, a childish bot.
There, the hashtag PutinBot fixed it's little wagon!
You are, just, wow ... awesome! Nice work ;)
Please join US in getting them where it will hurt....their bank accounts
Boycott KOCHS and refrain from spending disposable income
Save $$
Boycott Koch bros
Well this good to know. Looks like I can get rid my paper towel &  toilet paper coupons. I mean they're gone
Huh? Sorry, I'm having a clueless moment ;)
How was your JP Morgan meeting? Last I heard, they got $420 million. Thanks. Buh bye
Thank you Liz the new Lion of the Senate
Lizzy, again your not telling the truth. You one percenters are liers and huge hypocrites.
Trump is in that swamp too?  Oh Lord.
Why do republicans hate the American people??
Bible Says "fetus becomes a living being when soul enters with first BREATH!!!!!

We are 9 mos into this f'ing travesty of an administration. I don't know about others, but I'm exhausted. Every day, all hands on deck.
I feel the same way...and I'm Canadian.



You are a liar.

Fake news
Elizabeth for president!
Go E.W. go we need u guys to keep pressing the issues that matter to US the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
It's strange that folks have lost the ability to see what is in their own best interest. Many seem to be returning to the pre America.
as a 1% er you should know
This sounds like a very bad move.  Please fight to keep the rule as it stands.
Am shocked but it is R's. This is as close to a death of democracy as it can possibly be!  I'm sick of how we're under the umbrella of hate.
Gops bring ONLY ignorance,hate,dishonesty,death to every table at which they sit..nothing more

why? She's protecting your rights.
they did that to protect you and avoid a massive recession. Do some thinking rather than spouting other people's rhetoric.
Filibuster?
Another @TheDemocrats liar!
Fight them for us Elizabeth!!!
Give em hell Liz!
@TheDemocrats @SenateGOP How do we shine a light on this as bright as the various repeal efforts?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/static.theintercept.com/amp/under-cover-of-graham-cassidy-senate-gop-moving-to-gut-major-cfpb-rule.html …
#alert

You guys so over regulated the banking venues that you totally stagnated the growth of this country. Even Barney Frank admitted it.
The hell you say!?
Please keep this stream of ongoing screwed flowing!
We need to know and it's hard for many of us to keep up!
Plus these morons wamt to do this during thus huge problem with Equifax #unfuckinbelievable
Warren, you are so unrealistic and mean.
Why don't they just kill all of us at one time & be done with it??  Isn't this their goal?  Killing us slowly!!!  Geez!!
Just creating another crisis. We all know Dems are about taking money from any source they can find. See Obama & Wall Street.
VOTE NO!!!!
HANDS ON DECK. THE BANKS WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR MILLIONS OF Americans being homeless!  That was under GOP !!  REMEMBER???
Understand, Republicans are working FOR all corporations and AGAINST average people.  Know this--and act accordingly

Do you think it would help lower tuition costs if Professors didn't request $400,000 to teach a class?  How about $15/hr instead?
If you are so against the 1%, why haven't you liquidated some of your assets and given more to the poor and unfortunate?  More than you need
I'd like permission to attend n address the senate at the 10/3/17 senate banking committee with CEO Tim Sloan. Please send me direct message
what would be better,2 help sav money and veto that??fix it,find a solution,work 2gether please
Nuts, as usual...
Some of those bankers should already be in jail.
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 16 : stupid population guarantees the ongoing  Congress abuse of power. Do your homework. Oy Vey....
She is Right As Rain !!
GOP KOCHsuckers & WH MERCERnaries bribed with >400 mil. to squash lawsuits w/ mil $$ fines- U.S. Loses !!!
if only DJT tax returns..we could see how we are being screwed big time here.
Ostracizing the poor? Do your state hierarchies even make room for the esteem of those impoverished systemically to increase state revenue?
NO Thanks  Mr.Villain RUSSIAN PLAY BOOK You Just don't Quit WHAT makes you Think We are!
Why didn't you raise a big stink when Hillary Clinton's campaign charged unauthorized charges to her donors?
We all know that big money Is at play here it's all about Trump and his crookedFamily and how the GOP can dump Obama care
And leave millions of People uninsured under this GOP plan  which is going to go to fail again Dems  will not vote for this plan
@maddow pls talk about this tomorrow! Banks abt to have a get out of jail free card
Someone ask warren how many small banks gone under because of her regulations. Shameful
WHO DOES THIS HELP? Only big banks! SO WHY IS THIS WHAT YOIUR SPENDING TIME ON @GOP
How does a neighborhood take gangsters to court for tampering with city water/sewer systems? Where are the cameras big brother? mmmmmmmmmmm?
That's the Trump agenda. Make the 1% richer. Protect his buddies and F@ck everyone else. Trumptards too blind and delusional to see TRUTH
Obstruct you must
Pay attention America
Don't let big banks rob the American people. What Wells Fargo did n got away with is a travesty.
Pros and cons to everything. Hear both sides-
https://www.aba.com/Press/Pages/071017CFPBArbitrationRule.aspx …
the more the corrupt politicians and banksters take
the more
WE THE PEOPLE
will take back!
EQUIFAX THIS, WALL ST!
#pitchforks
You vote daily to take away the rights or millions of people, it's ironic you are fighting for my rights .  You are the hypocrtical 1%.
Your. a jerk
Christ...wear a earth tone blazer just once #lookatmeliz
Sounds like we need to do away with lobbyists  these are real lives here
Go get them Elizabeth !
Thank you, Senator Warren! Right on target! We NEED Senate to Vote People-over-Banks. Vote to KEEP CFPB (Consumer Financial Protect Bureau)!
I hope someone is keeping track of all this damage so it can be reversed later.
@SenWarren is the 1%.
EVERYTHING IS A ALL HANDS ON DECK WITH THIS ADMINISTRATION.
This is why it is vital to vote these bastards out of office!! If not, you won't have a choice in anything.  They will decide it all for you
This is your party, such irony while you rip out the body parts from the womb... #Butchers #Murderers #Killers #BrainCrushers #LimbsTorn
2\2 they would have their fancy healthcare clothes cars trips and gadgets cause they sure in the heck ain't making those items
Is it @SenateGOP soul mission to destroy us all except them and their rich friends they do realize without us hardworking Americans 1\2
Oh screw you Liawatha! Stop smoking the big crack pipe!
Keep fighting.  I am now more involved in politics than I was in the 70's and 2008.  Resist, Obstruct, Impeach.
They are big banks allies. We should pay attention to what they do and be ready to fight.
Warren please go back in your hole!
Aren't you a 1 percent er? How much did u get paid for teaching one class??? Hypocrite
awwww man... now how is the #SenateGOP going to get re-elected?
Notice how nobody is behind her or listening ?
Thank you Senator Warren for keeping us informed! Much Gratitude for your hard work!
Stop lying

Or take away your right to lie about your ethnicity.
You're so great on the banks @SenWarren, but why did you sign $80 billion increase on already enormous military budget?
Because the one common shared value among the Republicrats seems to be #EndlessWar
This is fucking exhausting... I hope the aliens land and enslave us soon.
Put your money in credit unions.  Tell the banks that stole tax dollars to pay for their recklessness to go F themselves.
fake indian
And like magic swamp repubs find another way to screw us blind.
Will need to be able to take banks and Credit bureau‘s to court.
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable." - #JFK
The @GOP has managed to distract Friday's confirmation that 21 states' elections were hacked by Russia during the 2016 federal election.
Liesss
?: when people are financially in trouble, behind, why are they penalized with more debt/fines? How can a person get out from under?
Thank you Senator Warren. You are one of the reasons I sleep at all. 

Very worried abt #Equifax,  FCC hacking.
Rs limiting class action
I demand that the Rep regime STOP carrying water for big business and crooked banks like Wells Fargo. Support the CFPB!
Credit union it is, for me. Fuck the banks.
Thank you Senator Warren.

https://www.consumerfinance.gov/about-us/newsroom/cfpb-issues-rule-ban-companies-using-arbitration-clauses-deny-groups-people-their-day-court/ …
#CFPBArbitrationRule #CFPB #Equifax
I'm so mentally exhausted by all of this. So much BS going on at so many levels, I literally cannot keep up! Please, make it stop. #STRESSED
Nevertheless he puked in his mouth a little.
That's right. The plot: give national powers to banks, insurance, corporations...State powers to the People! Please Help us!!
Let's face it, Republicans aren't there for constituents. Some Dems are but at least those few are trying to move society forward.
Heart breaking u people be.
Think we gonna mess around nope we ain't these days and God is down with me it feels like. Everything adds up. I'm not even a violent man.
Yeah I think imma vote to take some to the grave of f they keep destroying our American rights. God will authorize me.
Truck yeah ma'am.@JohnCena
Gotta say, "All hands on deck" seems to be a daily occurrence. <sigh>
Blah blah blah blah blah..... Warren...please...we can only take so much.... you're worst than Trump twitter..and that takes a lot!!
So more government bureaucracy is the answer?
Retire.  You are embarrassing.  America
Go after them Senator. Don't let them get away with this again. We've lost too much at the hands of the big banks fiasco.
Please continue to hold Republicans accountable.  The president is working to distract while his cronies ram through laws favoring the rich.
TY. Sen from MA looking out for entire US. TY!
Crony capitalism imitating Russian mob mentality
Big Banks made more profit in the first 21 / 2 years of the Obama administration than they did during the entire Bush administration,
What's the Native American word for liar?
What is scary is that she once was endoctrinating the upcoming gemeration.
It's all hands on deck every single day. It's exhausting. Thank you for continuing to fight for the good of the people.
You are a beacon of hope not just for USA but for all in western democracies who have no choice but trust financial institutions savings
go scalp em bad white man, pocahantas
Christ! Do they never stop trying to screw people??
Congress you best not alter my BANK contracts. We will come after you on election days like a Rebel vouting Army @SenTedCruz  @SenateMajLdr
"Vouting" Army was intended to be a vouched for vote. @SenTedCrruz @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Thank you Elizabeth! Why is that allowed now? Doesn’t make sense.
Like when Obamacare was passed
Take them to court? That would be after your Marth's Vinyard Strategy Party of course! @foxandfriends

Or so says Dizzy Lizzy the fake Indian. Her credibility and ethics went down the toilet when she took a minority position falsely.
Hey Pocahontas.Newsflash. Hillary and the drug dealing #obama were in BED with big banks. Phony Indian.
Great, but why did you automatically vote yes for 700 billion for endless war? Kinda at odds with yr progressivism.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Go back to bed
Should you not be working on health care or is it like getting black and mexican votes and then turning your back on them when u get it
Stop protecting the privately owned federal reserve and release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds they hold in our names
Thank you, Senator Warren, for fighting for the people. Do not back down. You are one of the heroes of this crazy time.
Wicked Warren out to mislead and lie just how she got into Harvard never pay only promise

Hey Pow Pow lady once we throw you out of office for your nonsense we'll all be better off!!!  Tired of you Pow Wow crying !!!!!
So. Many. Things. I can't keep up!
The Senate may vote today to disapprove @CFPB's #arbitrationrule.  A vote to ban class action against the likes of #WellsFargo #Equifax
And should you not be able to put regulators in front of a judge? 
https://subprimeregulations.blogspot.ca/2009/11/unconstitutional-discrimination.html …
Take Banks to Court? While their Executives get a pass to commit Financial Crimes! Go Wells Fargo!
For once agree with you in this subject
Why are they so all about their money
And not about US 
We elected them in to represent US
NOT to do whatever the hell they want
We need to keep fighting for the rights of average Americans by calling, emailing and voting out those who do not stand up for us!!!
Btw, I agree that we need to help our fellow Americans in PR. We need to do both, these are not either/or issues.

hey Pocahontas how many Normal working taxpaying Americans ever she a bank? None you dodo!

Who helped create the debt Puerto Rico has to Wall St? Trump. He walked out on 26.4M, including PR teacher pension$.
https://waragainstallpuertoricans.com/2016/05/07/donald-trump-declares-bankruptcy-in-puerto-rico/ …
And Liz. Drop Bernie like the bag of cRap he is..
Don't forget 2018
Why is no one there while U speak?
Please help us!!!
protections against immoral business practices and our environment are being stripped away.# I noticed though
These people live on another planet.
some one needs to raise their voice! While the hoopla on knees,"Rocket Man" and health car/tax cuts. Our Amend.&other
Do you have any idea what it costs to put a case in court? That's just a privilege for millionaires
Thank you for the truth & the facts!
What is the bill #?
#whatbill? I hate when they do that - https://s3.amazonaws.com/files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/201709_cfpb_arbitration_small-entity-compliance-guide.pdf …
Give me something to sign
Omg you are literally insane lady
All smoke & mirrors. Never mind the man behind the curtain. Tweet about NFL while GOP steal our rights. TY for being vigilant!

Pocahontas nobody trusts you.  You lie for personal gain. 
The root of this problem is, of course, big money in politics. No sane person would want this on his/her own.
Oh scare tactics.    Making people wonder.   And look they are taking the bait.   Most of them do not even have bank accounts and they worry
Do the work, and that worry is eliminated.
#RiseUp #Resist #Fightback
You're right.
Major minority. You can't be in denial of the numbers. Any idiot sees that. Even #TrumpCrimeFamily
Think ya better recheck those #'s.
What percentage of American Population do you think is #TrumpSupporters?

Then what age group do more than half sit in? 65+?

#thinkaboutit
Wow you are really delusional. I suppose you think we are all white christians too huh? LMAO.
Racism the rich and Russians do you have any REAL solutions?
Is there any part of this country + our democracy they aren't taking a wrecking ball to?
#TheResistance #DumpTrump
men fought for our freedoms, yet you are the folks taking away those freedoms by the minute. Isn't it your job as legislators to protect??
I stand with Senator Warren.  #Vietnam Vet
What she is describing is a form of malignancy where the checkpoints for uncontrolled growth are removed.  aka Cancer
So the Senators that vote to reverse the #CFPB rule are by definition OWNED by the banks that are feeding on us?
you talk about #bigbanks ? Let's back track your major donors and their affiliations. U went to Harvard lying u were #NativeAmerican #liar
Too Big to #Fail Unless #America Speaks Up @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #TumpRussia is a Banking #Problem #Trumpisaracist
Yah we just like to bail them out! Stupid!
Thank you for your advocacy on this issue, Sen Warren. So pleased that you are representing us in the Senate.
