My ancestors came here legally . Some died on the way .You want to be in this country , come the legal way . How hard is this to understand
hard for you to understand that it is much more difficult today
I don't know where to start - grow a brain
LEGAL !!!  Come here legally or stay out !!!
this country exists because of illegal immigration . . .
Absolutely.  Unfortunately it's a diff world we live in now .
so why don't we make it easier, instead of harder, for people to be legal immigrants?
I wish I could . Unfortunately 9/11 happened
let's start the impeachment investigation b4 we all lose or life. This is getting detrimental to our safety
You're out of your rabid ass mind!! *Lose our life*? In what way? He's standing up for Americans.
standing up for American ppl. Your Nuts and need mental assistance just like him. All lies...
Promised to bring jobs back-- he did before his oath as President. Promised to end illegal immigration--
u think building a wall is going to end this, you have a lot to learn, you will end up being tortured
What? By who?
we're not mad at you b'cause of your poor decision making skills we will help you on making good decisions
Please stop voting for his cabinet appointees. None are qualified, most are lying.
Non are qualified, do you live in a liberal dream world of make believe. They are all successful acomplished men and w.
Price lied, DeVos is practically illiterate, Sessions is a racist, Pruitt is about as anti-environment as you can get
Hence why Pruitt is perfect for the EPA.
So you don't care if we have clean air or clean water or toxic waste in your backyard.
@A_M_Perez @SenWarren The federal government does not have the constitutional authority to create the EPA.
Yes, they do and it was started by a GOP POTUS.
I do not care who started it, show me that part of the Constitution which authorizeth the EPA.
#SelectiveOutrage #hypocrisy #DrainTheSwamp
Well, he's a dumbshit, but we've known that for a long time
this is protecting US from 7 countries who have no central gov. and their refugees can't be vetted.
You mean an indifference to law breakers and complete understanding of the threats illegal immigrants pose to this country. Go TRUMP!
Warren only cares about optics as she prepares for her next step, pads her bank accounts.
Prisons ALWAYS have guards; wall alone won't work. 24x7 guards for 2K miles = thou$ands from every citizen. No!!
Ummm, what about our military? I'm sure they'd be glad to shoot on site. ALIENS ARE CRIMINALS!!!
So ignorant!!!!
Seriously!  Our President is making progress, unlike you who is terrified of moving forward. How sad, Ms Warren
Then, please, for the love of god, don't approve anything that he puts forward. #resisttrump
Don't approve Carson, DeVos, Sessions, or any of these corrupt, racist, or incompetent people.
Too late . They are in. The most competent cabinet nominees in history. Go cry me a river
You misspelled "corrupt and incompetent" you fascist troll.
realDonaldTrump.Corrupt & incompetent Sore Libs 2 deranged 2 ever b back in office! How's my spelling?
get up and pull dems together ..you are a strong women give them hell
it's disgraceful!!
My President, Donald Trump, has done more positive things in a week than 'your' president did in 8 years.
BO got healthcare for millions, turned around our cratered economy and got our troops home.
are you sure about that? ACA is falling apart, plenty of troops in combat, economy isn't great.
ACA working here in CA. Hardly any troops on the ground. Record months of private sector job growth.
you should check troop deployment numbers again. ACA is falling apart + NOT affordable, many states have 1 provider = fail.
Troop deployment down by over 90%. Number of insured by ACA just fine. That's what matters. Sorry, you're wrong!
they to follow the rules. Maybe you should buying land in mexico pocahontas
In other words, the oceans are rising!
Cry me a river Fauxcahontas
You are wrong!!!
She is a dip shit!!!
Seems we have plenty of American terrorists right here, rednecks with confederate flags, and semi automatic weapons.
LOOK!! its another *gun control freak* @realDonaldTrump. Now we need #National Constitutional carry!!
Ban semi automatics
@billyeichner @realDonaldTrump Dictator Trumplethinskin will be the end of us.
No, that's the Democrats role to annihilate us. Trump is going to stop them.
you are a fucking moron if you believe one word that comes out of Trumplethinskin's mouth. Oh yeah-you ARE a fucking moron.
He's already started on his list of campaign promises. What did Oasshole do in 8 yrs? He promised to stand with Muslims.
how much crap the DEMOCRATS are going to take before all of you do anything to stop him !! Do something !!
Right?? WTF are they waiting for??
Once Trump starts rolling out the cattle cars, IT'S TOO LATE. Dems need to start some s about his REGIME. ASAP.
Sorry if what I typed offended you Brenda.  I wanted W to know how bad it could get.
It could get really bad. And all they care about is goddam "winning" & crowd sizes & a stupid wall.
The only one we have indifference towards is you and your wacky ideas.
@Solutioneer72 @realDonaldTrump what about violating a federal court order
Senator Warren you are part of the real danger we face. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Trump45
he needs to be stopped. I'm watching from Canada and I am  </3
<---U have NO IDEA what real dangers we face!!!  Thank God our @POTUS will protect us because U R CLUELESS! 
@realDonaldTrump
These are some of the REAL dangers we face Elizabeth.
<--Do you see the FEAR in this little girls face? ISIS is 'in fact' coming into America via the refugees!! 
@POTUS
1976 in the UK the Irish were terrorists who killed kids. In America freedom fighters. It's never simple.
What is ugly is listening to your shrill voice endlessly whining and never offering any solutions. TERM LIMITS!
There is only one solution to this Psychopathic Bastard:  IMPEACHMENT
Beyond indifference, dt's taking evil, lethal aim. @SenWarren @Solutioneer72
He is indifferent to anything not concerning him or his agenda.Can pretend short time but not for long haul.
Your actions today, voting for Carson, show a ugly indifference to those of us who have to actually live with this danger.
seriously, Senator Warren, what can we do to get rid of this guy?
Please stop supporting his nominees
does it make a difference they get approved anyway
It does actually make a difference.
The real dangers we face are those promoting Socialism and Communism in this country.
The real danger is people like you trying to destroy this nation.
liberalism is a mental disorder. you should get that checked.
You exhibit complete disdain & disrespect for Americans like #KateSteinle! #AmericaFirst
You don't know shit about that story.
http://www.billoreilly.com/blog?action=viewBlog&blogID=437580738216779694&dest=/mobile/blogdetail.jsp …
Cite an accurate source.
So many...https://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-kate-steinle-claims-20150901-story,amp.html ….
Please do not vote for his nominees. Esp. Betsy DeVos and Sessions.

it's what he based his whole campaign on: ugly hate and ignorance of facts
More like truthful facts and a love for the country and its people, even stupid whiny liberals
the real dangers we face are you & your cronies overrunning the country with people we can't afford to support
it is not immigrants we object to, it is illegal aliens!
@wadvisor @realDonaldTrump Wonder why Sen Warren didn't run for the Pres? Didn't think an Indian could win the office in the US?
You are crazy and have no idea what you are talking about.
The real danger we face is White liberal Chamberlainism.
Come on! No compromise, no yes votes. Stand up for the people who put you there. Catch up or move out.
And the action you are taking is....?
So what are you going to do about it?
he clearly said illegal, the breakers of the law are non immigrants, I am, we come with a Immigrant Visa
Then you should go there and live since you're so fearless.
Retweet the photo of the Syrian toddler.  I know it is horrific but it mobilized support for refugees. Reality.
What part of ILLEGAL immigration don't you get?! Illegal immigrants drain the resources for our own citizens!!!
@jimlivesey1989 @realDonaldTrump I hope you take the time to read this! This is an extremely dark day in America
This is a coup against our democracy!!   Whole thing reeks!  They are grabbing our country by the.........!!  Stop it! Please!
@charwils65 @realDonaldTrump Translation: Trump is getting stuff done and making us hateful liberal progs look bad
We R talking abt. ILLEGAL immigrants w/ criminal backgrounds not immigrants per se. Be HONEST.
your vote for Carson shows an indifference to the poor & minorities. And your weak Facebook post confirms that. own your mistakes
Rumor is @FLOTUS overstayed her visa and was living here illegally until she could find a rich #American husband
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump YOUR yes on Carson belies the exact same indifference. #Hubris. Not ok. Stop waffling.
You vote no. Vote no on the 1st choice. Vote no on the 2nd choice. You keep voting no! Voting yes = broke you.
He us going to start a war. He needs to go. He is NO GOOD
You are bringing "proposed legislation"to a knife fight.  We are literally in the streets. FIGHT BACK#GetNasty
How can you have voted for Ben Carson?
I AM AN AMERICAN. #WeAreStrong
So we can count on you and the @SenateDems to vote NO on everything he proposes, right?
from Ukraine, Poland, Hungary, Ireland AS WELL as the indigenous people of our land-Native American.
of a truly FREE, INCLUSIVE, PEACEFUL, PROGRESSIVE people.  I AM an American-a daughter of immigrants
If US is not a beacon of hope to the world, then we are in VIOLATION of our Constitution and the framers' vision
He is making WE THE PEOPLE look WEAK to other nations.If the US is not a beacon of hope
weakness, not STRENGTH to the rest of the world.I IMPLORE all clear thinking members of the govt to HELP US!
We are going BACKWARDS in time. Instead of being a leader in terms of global humanity and peace, we are showing
Yet you vote for his cabinet appointees.

Stop giving this insanity any ounce of legitimacy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
then why are you supporting his cabinet so emphatically?
Stop him then! Use your power and take action for us, powerless citizens who voted for you.
u Marched w us then voted  FOR Ben Carson? WTF? What did the fascists promise the people of MA that u would sell your soul/vote
Oh the hypocrisy smells  @SenWarren questions Trump appointees ethics! http://washingtonfeed.com/breaking-senator-who-attacked-ben-carson-caught-in-bombshell-scandal.html …
@realDonaldTrump
Then stop supporting anything he does.
Including you voting for Ben Carson.  What a traitor!
...Voted FOR Ben Carson? I'm beyond disappointed. Sad to learn you are nothing than more common grandstander & now nothing to me
Is a tax on Mexican goods a tax on Mexico or a sales tax for Americans?
please don't allowing this again! Mass deportation on US CITIZENS
I am 37 years old and never been so scared for the presadent we have so scared
WORDS WORDS WORDS.  When it was time to act, you voted FOR Ben Carson.  #shameful #shameful #shameful
No action today is a real public official enforcing FEDERAL LAW's when all u do is talk, change the law or HUSH!
not my @potus  Sen Warren, why are you the only voice in this wilderness?
#obstruct and #resist
Not immigrants, ILLEGALS
@France4Hillary Sen Communist Warren is completely lost along with her followers
I am very disappointed that you voted for Ben Carson.
@France4Hillary @realDonaldTrump While Our Nation Has Major Problems Requiring Attention, Trump Is Pissing Off Our Close Allies!
And an unwillingness to learn and change. DT just reacts to things. He doesn't lead.
impeach him dump Flynn sessions and Rex
It's not indifference. It's blazing hostility and bigotry.
Stand up to him. Get all Dems to push back. Vote NO in every person he wants to position.
please don't lump me in with #SellOutWarren or #Trumpelthinskin I'm #BernieOrBust
Sen Warren's actions show an Ugly indifference to her supporters.
@France4Hillary @realDonaldTrump please begin impeachment hearings & get this joker away from the nukes!
's votes Validated @realDonaldTrump's Actions
As long as you and the rest our impotent #Democrat leaders appease him, he will continue to erode our #Democracy
Ben Carson shares those beliefs.
you voted FOR ben carson? Are you kidding? Sell-out!!! I used to like you #weak #bencarson is NOT qualified! #traitor
Matthew Denice's mom just spoke and said Deval Patrick would only meet with her if they signed non disclosure!
$1.3 million line of credit on your house you failed to disclose! Talk about transparency! No bigger hypocrisy
And in case you forgot, Obama banned people 6 times from entering the US.
Warren you're always good for a chuckle. You're a clueless liberal with a big mouth.
- She's another far Left individual out of touch with mainstream America. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
You need to just leave this country & go live in Saudia where women really have problems with equality- Tided of the theatrics.
THIS IS HUGE!!!!
The link to picture http://linkis.com/www.bloomberg.com/gr/2v2XF … ATTENTION
RARE FOOTAGE of Warren scheming against @realDonaldTrump
Please stay in lock step with @SenGillibrand.
but you show an ugly indifference when it comes to qualifications for HUD. For shame.
@SocialPowerOne1 Americans r going 2. Riot/giving up This dictatorship can't contU R my Sen.our liberties r being taken

WE WANT A COUP. OUST HE GOES. I'M SERIOUS
You voted for the dangers we face when u approved maniac ben carson. Youre a fraud
Americans disagree with you.
Trump is noncompos mentis. RemoveHimFromOffice #ResistanceInPhilly
Senator Warren, I love you.
run 4 President
The biggest danger this country faces is Trump & Co. !
Illegal immigrants. Stop trying to confuse terms and lie traitor! If there was justice U would be on trial!
Predicted that Donald Trump would never be President, whats ur latest prediction 4 Trump? TY Liz, glad u were wrong!
Do you plan on voting no for Steve Munchin, be more like NY senator who has voted no on every pick!!!
None should get a yes vote.  Stand up to your word.  I want to believe, but it's hard.
There are alot of horrible things going on.  DT is an illegitimate President.  What are you doing to stop him?
thank you Senator Warren for standing up for America!! I agree 1000%
I disagree
Sen.Warren, I am not from your state, but has their been any progress on Emoluments action against trump?
@DonTrump_POTUS Actions also pit cities, states & citizens against fed gov, another move that will only harm, not help immigrants
please save us  @SenSanders  @SenSchumer from Donald Trump. We need you! He's nuts!
Thank you. @realDonaldTrump you need to start making some right choices
@DavidKlion FYI, Carson will run HUD which works to protect immigrants from housing discrimination: https://www.hudexchange.info/resource/5123/hud-hhs-and-doj-joint-letter-regarding-immigrant-access-to-housing-and-services/ …
@MeltingPotDOM @realDonaldTrump you're kidding? He doesn't give a crap about immigrants!? I think we're all shocked
you don't compare legal immigrants to illegals. What the hell is the matter with democrats?
Quit your lying Senator. You know damn well that Trumps actions are only against illegals, not legit immigrants.
I think U know many Americans R concerned about Trump. I think he should be made to resign or impeached ASAP
Is the President doing this to Americans?
Not to mention that several of the countries not on the list house strategic American military installations!
Not on our watch !!!
You forgot the word illegal.  No one is targeting people who do not violate immigration law.
the big orange nut in the white house  is the biggest danger in my entire 55 year lifetime
you're all talk. You talk talk talk then when it comes to action you fold.
Well what are you doing about it!
AMERICA FIRST!  A foreign concept to you. #Massachusetts waking up to your anti-American anti-male agenda.
#pocoNotAnIndian walking thecrazy line everyday a littlemore mustb drinking that #madonafirewater #AmericaFirst
terrorist training camps all over our Nation,Obama did nothin&neither did u! Foxhttps://youtu.be/yshAtumHTK0
You know who shows an ugly indifference to U.S. citizens & a profound misunderstanding, is you Ms. Warren.
Remember we trained the pilots that flew into the World Trade Center and Pentagon
Warren, how someone of your rudeness and paranoia got elected in the first place is beyond me.
; Per Forrest Gump:Life is like a box of chocolates-U never know what you're gonna Get! Stupid is as stupid does!
WHY ARE THE CABINET APPOINTEES SAILING THROUGH??? WE NEED LEADERS NOT SHOWMEN! DERELICTION OF DUTY DEMS. SO BAD.
#ObstructTrump #NoCompromise
isn't waisting Tax  dollars synonymous with Republican, destroying America any way they can
why? we believed in you but you still voted yes ! I hope the democrats have a strategy cause at this point we all don't know who
then stop voting for his cabinet picks. Those votes make you just as bad as him!
we are very disappointed. FIGHT BACK
And your vote to confirm Ben Carson show nothing but hypocrisy. So disappointed in you.
these people are terrible picks yet smooth sailing for picks
laying down when it comes to halting these  cabinet picks
u r weak.It shows by the way all of u dems are
NO to ALL Trump nominees!
Why did you vote for this buffoon's nominees?! Deplorable!
the ugly and indifference is over now that obama is gone..Need to get the ILLEGAL ALIENS OUT OF OUR COUNTRY..
PLEASE RUN PRESIDENCY NEXT ELECTION I LOOK UP TO YOU OTHERS SHOULD TO
Help us Elizabeth Warren, our country is in trouble!!!
when is everyone going to stop letting this man tell lies and call him out for it on TV? His favorite medium
we all knew he wouldn't understand! #ShouldBeHer
No one takes issue with immigration only illegals
Yet U voted yes on confirmation of Ben Carson Ur words sound great  Ur actions like voting yes on Carson #Deplorable
I wish to know UR explanation 4 voting to confirm Carson R U another  of them go along to get along corporate Dems?  I wonder
lizzy pot calling kettle black.  Do u have a mirror u must not because you r a bow wow doggy
One way to fight this would be to encourage all of your colleagues to vote against Trump's cabinet. Youre the Lion of the Senate
how the hell do MA prople still vote for your insanity? Beyond me.
Do NOT APPROVE ANY OF HIS NOMINEES-NONE ARE QUALIFIED. HOLD.THE.LINE.
Yes! #resist
Please block: Pruitt, Price, Sessions, Perry. They're unfit & would destroy the institutions they are meant to serve. Why Carson?
has as much pull as Betsy DeVos.
