Ruling on the law is somehow offensive to idiot fake Indian senators.
Gorsuch* was placed on SCOTUS by Republican's they changed the rule to place Gorsuch*. #GorsuchIllegitimate
Reed started this now the right can use it
Crawl back into the darkness with the other demons.
Oh, on par with ur far-left agenda?
Trump is the boss. He gets to pick. He likely won't seek your far left advice. Deal with it.
He will be impeached soon.
He may be if he's guilty. And, Pence takes over.
what is taking so long on getting those people out of the office. Treason is much worse than an affair with an intern
I'll Clunton lied under oath
If the 1% provide the $ for those taking our healthcare its time to boycott the products of the 1%,If they don’t have the $ we can have gov.
50% of Americans pay not income tax
more than 40% of profitable corporations paid no corporate tax. The 50% you speak of pay no income tax because they don't make enough money
Your 40% is fake. Drain the swamp.politicians put us 20 trillion in debt. Some of the fifty actually get tax money back without paying any.
Thats no what the GEO says. https://www.gao.gov/products/GAO-16-363 …
What about the billions that goes to oil for price protection?
Oh you mean when Obama was president. Your stupider than you look
When you have no facts to present you only use insults. Sad
it's called balance, lady
Merrick Garland should already be sitting. That's the only acceptable option.
So . . . ??
Our president is embarrassing. Please impeach him.
good
He is not the president. He is a puppet.
Hahahahahahaha! If you say so. So childish
Yessir!. No socialists on that list. 'Merica.
Melania got 100,000 times the retweets this one got.
I give you credit, you are annoying 24/7/365
And that Is good thing.
Like they are punishing all of us! I'm waiting for their golden boy to get kicked out of the White House!
Better than a liberal judge
And the Democrats voted for judge Gorsuch 100% when he went for District Court. what happened ?Trump became president
great minds think a like huh
Good, good, good
Still bitching! Clearly you have no idea how to do your job for the people of MA
Your clowns handed Trump a list of Democrap that you want flowing in the Gov for your agenda. Trump won election, Rep!
Tried? How about Bill Cosby?
So?
Resist!!!
Well this judge is better then the liberal judges you dems vote for. What is the difference?
Great
Go fix some potholes, donsome good for your constitutes.
You're just mad because he's a real Indian.
Good…then we are on the right track…
Federalist Society is "far-right?" Lol.
just like the list of judges that Obama had both sides do the same thing don't make it look like this is just a Trump thing
Who is in power?,the right!!!the right choice,elected by the real american class of voters,so if you have any brain should understand it
What are the Russian ties? That's what we need to find. Where's the list?
Will gorsuch be removed when trump is?
It's apparent the American people aren't.
Yeah, those wacky pro constitution judges.
Facts little lizzy, not just political slants.
Senile justice needs to retire now
Their list, your lists = so what. Keep dividing our country over petty, my-side / your-side politics & We The People lose. You like this.
Better than Hillary that's for sure
Well the Democrat judges have already showed they will fight anything @realDonaldTrump will do so why would he pick another .just more leaks
So your exact point is?
There you go Lizzy. You now have something useful and meaningful to do. See if you can help Ms. Morgain McGovern out with her case.
This is racist @SenWarren
Yet he was he elected anyway ...
LIZZYYOU Waste Your Time And Ours YOU Fail Like The Liberal And Democratic Whiners. Jump And Scream All You Want Pander All You Want.SAD YOU
Time to bring the moderate republicans on board to defeating Donald Trump
Why would a judge with a foreign name choose to discriminate against others??
By which you mean the conservative & completely mainstream Federalist Society (@FedSoc) which five Supreme Court justices have belonged to?
What is the sense opposing everything if you don't have the vote to stop it. What to expect big noise then the gang will change the rules
Worked pretty well for the republican the past 8 years. Dems finally using Repubs playbook
& then those 21 are cross-referenced w/ #GoldmanSachs & the rest of the #Swamp to see which has the most pro-corporate #legal "#Philosophy"
Nope, it's always been trick the good honest religious conservative Christians with a few gay & abortion bones & the corp #swamp gets it all
Maybe u could be.our first Native American Supreme Court Justice eh Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman?
Thank goodness.
better a far right judge than one that thinks like your crazy ass
AND.................................................................................????????
Fantastic. A little more balance on the Court.
Perfect! Is he also a Native American like yourself?

Great!!!
HOW
