Sexism is alive & well in the US House. @RepJayapal was just called a "young lady" who "doesn't know a damn thing." She's a CONGRESSWOMAN.  
And?  If he said young man? How is referring to someone as a "young lady" sexism?
"young" says "I know more than you so trust what I have to say. You don't have the great wisdom that I have." "lady" implies chivalry/sexism
What if he said young man?  I think it's just a cocky old man talking to a person that is MUCH younger than him so he used that term.
That's exactly it though ... he is a cocky old man using demeaning language to put someone else down
It doesn't have to be sexist though which is my point.  Just a cocky old guy.  You can be cocky and not be sexist.
Ok, I see where you're coming from. Maybe we (offended women) are coming from our own exp of being put down by men like him for being women
The "lady" he threw out there still gets me as antiquated and mockingly chivalrous
I think the way it was labeled leads people to think a certain way. Alot may not have thought anything of it if it wasn't painted that way.
That is so condescending and rude #sexism
You said it yourself "then"
All the -isms continue to rear their ugly heads.
Boo hoo
We need an investigation into this fake Indian
Good job @RepJayapal!!! He must live under an igloo in #in Alaska. Oh wait, climate change melted them!!
And putting down the humane society while he was at it. Shame on him 
Ahh. You've got a puppy on your profile
Hey I hope u make the 2020 olympics awesome !
Thanks!!
- https://imgur.com/Tibc2Lk 
Can't refer to someone as young lady without someone screaming sexism.   Wow.  I best be careful.   
If not allowing demeaning language stresses you out, perhaps you should rethink how you are treating people in everyday life.
What's wrong with "young lady," for heaven's sake! Political "correctness" is getting out of hand!
If I was a women & a guy was rapeing I would take a knife & cut his thing off with his nutz.
Is she young? Is she a lady? Then what's the issue?
Are you saying she's no lady? Or she's old? Please clarify.
who is the guy that insulted her?
Rep Don Young, R-Alaska. He's a well-established ass, and longest-serving GOP congressman.
I am loving your term " well established ass" and am asking your permission to use it . Fabulous.
Feel free. It has many uses these days.
Well, Mass. has a woman Senator who doesn't know honesty  from her fat ass.
https://www.etsy.com/listing/511866145/nevertheless-she-persisted-8x10-canvas …
#smashthepatriarchy
Maybe she doesn't know anything,most DemoKKKrats don't
I agree that the young lady remark was out of line, but she didn't know a damned thing about the subject what she was talking about.
To say that her staff was affiliated with the Humane Society/insinuate that her words were not her own was inexcusable. I was appalled.
Evil triumphs when good people remain silent and do nothing.
Sexism is alive and well in our country, as is racism and ethnic/religious hatreds. We must not ignore or forget this.
Just cuz she is a congresswomen doesn't mean she isn't young. And sure doesn't mean she knows anything. :)
The only correct response is to call him old man.
DonYoung has got to go #2018
But who cares what the first feminist warriors thought?
Being a congresswoman doesn't preclude her from 'not knowing a damn thing'. You of all ppl should know this.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I CHANGE MY MIND: REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE COP; CRIMINALS OLD PARTY!!!
TODAYS REPUBLICAN PARTY: CULTIVATED GREED AND IGNORANCE!
Florida is getting hit by a very bad Hurricane and Elizabeth Warren show boating on twitter.
Run in 2020 signed America
O good God. I'm disgusted with men like that.
My grandma called, she wants her pubic hair back.
Probably went home and beat his wife because a woman scolded him and got him shut down.
Sad but true
What can you expect from a guy who came to work dressed as an Amish man.
You are right the sexism is still alive every sector and place of this country .
Ugh. He also says..."my natives"; repugnant man.
This isn't "off the cuff" utterances by these Republicans but a surgical strike to display their misogynistic mindset and contempt for her.
He sounds as he described, "deeply disturbed"!
I'm so sick of these uppity MEN. Jesus, what a bunch of pansies! Nothing says "real man" like a guy afraid of a woman... #Weak
He is a condescending asshole. Tha fuck.
So true... some battles never seem to die. Sad.
Other democracies are watching the and it is literally stunning the bizarre things allowed down there just insane country
And Senate and still she persisted
Another old white guy!! Fuck!! I wish that they'd just shut up!!
And the old white man knows everything
Oh and that dimwit Sheila Jackson Lee and the other stupid negro from Florida that wears the sparkly cowboy hat? WTF is that shit?
Democrat women don't know a damn thing! Stupid bitches. Look at Pochahontis , Maxine Waters, Pelosi and Feinstein to name a few!
I am out of patience with these "elected" stubborn old white guys whose ideas and beliefs are misogynistic.  Elect" them out.  VOTE!
These guys are starting to resemble the men from the Salem Witch Trials more with each passing day. #Votethemout
And this ahole (no doubt a lib).....
There was a congressman that thought the island  of Guam would sink because were too many people on it...
Congressperson doesn't = smart...
That stupid woman does not know shit nothing to do with female vs male more over unconstitutional fucks your time almost up
YOU SIR, ARE AN OLD FOSSIL
And he's an old fart who has forgotten more damn things than he remembers
If the  fits...... I agree the same should be said of you liz, except you're an OLD 
We've got to get the old guys out. They've been there way too long. They haven't noticed the changes in the world. Come on millennials!!!!!
And he's a stinking relic.
Well known old white male tactic. Keep calling them on it. Demand an apology!
Oh my God. Sue him.
Never mind that twit. We know the strength of our female senators & congresswomen & it'll take more than he to take you down. You GO girls!
Usually this type of response is given when the person speaking can't think of an intelligent one. Always consider the source!
If it makes u feel better, there are few male leftists that know anything either.
Typical uber rich entitled old man
I'm embarrassed that you're my senator. You have no class & are not a voice for hard working Americans.
Amen beetle
Warren is the voice of Non-working Non-Americans. She could give 2 shits about blue collar humps like us
Well, so? That's not something necessarily to be proud of! There are several dimwits in Congress...
I agree with him he is really deeply disturbed. He should seek mental health counseling immediately.
Resist and persist!!
#Thanks My #RoleModel #TRUTH #Leadership @SenWarren @RepJayapal w/ all #Democrats #Congress Men, or Women #NeverthelessShePersisted vs Trump
When I hear "Young Lady" like that, I think I'm about to get grounded & lose my phone privileges. He just tried to Dad a congresswomen!!
This old sod is an antique
And he is a Nasty Little Man
We got a male president who knows EVEN LESS than that!
A Man Goes on A Rant Against His PEER. .As If He's Her Daddy.  .   Toppling The Patriarchy is URGENT. ..This is A Pathetic Man
I am proud of Rep Jayapal for standing up and not standing by. Forever persist.
Yes, keep up the fight for women only. How about misandrony? You're a scholar and sociopolitical expert. Think men abhor you now? Just wait.
Who doesn't know a damn thing!!!
Hey hypercrite why don't you fight against decent fathers being systematically screwed over child custody?
I guess we know who really doesn't know anything
Who the fuck is this guy ?
Sorry. Zero tolerance for misogyny after 2016!
Good on you, Congresswoman.
I'd like to hear her and Kamala and Duckwoth start addressing their colleagues as old white guys.
Maybe Captain Ridiculous should learn to shave his face, oh and then shut his mouth ... I’m sure he knows less than most
Throttle back pappy, it is no longer 1952!
Take a seat Mr!
Women have been on this earth as long as men if they find 
themselves in an unequal position who is to blame?
Disgusting!!!
When I'm called a young man from an elder, I listen. Wisdom usually follows. #YouAn Ageist?
Fighting what? You lost the election the good guys won.
This senator is an embarrassment
And he's a wrinkled old man who doesn't know a damn thing.
Glad she stood up to that sexist crap. He needed to be called out for his disrespect of her office.
Awful
How about you taking money contributions from a criminal?
And he got smacked down!

Another one to be voted out, discrimination and phobias are taking over the capital
Let him 'splain this to you...
Thanks for paving the way @SenWarren
Not one thing about wishing safety for FL. You're instead rambling about meaningless bull shit.
He's a old fart that needs to retire to the 1950's!
Yep - he was pretty disgusting!!!
I can thing of plenty more colorful choice words for her that would've been preferable.
What was that, old man?
What an odious, old white guy!We definitely need more good women in this "ole boy club"! Disgusting show of the ignorance allowed to fester.
Yikes!! That's bad
Disrespectful
young lady a sexiest term? What? Is it cause she is gender free or feels she associates w a diff gender? I mean really this is a stretch


CREW calls him the most corrupt pol in Washington, maybe he meant she's not as good at corruption .
This is the Don Young who said in 2013, “My father had a ranch; we used to have 50-60 wetbacks to pick tomatoes."
OMG!!!   A young lady?  He should be shot!!!  #IMPEACH....my question is how do you function in life when every single thing offends you?
You really want to help women?  Quit telling them they are helpless victims...
OMG such outrageous behavior. We smoke peace pipe now?
That kind of condescension in Congress is sickening.
Where's the outrage from "OLM" Old Lives Matter !
Young lady is better than being called Elizabeth Warren
Old white dude.  Who could be surprised by that.  Keep on fighting
I was going to disagree until I found the Congresswoman will be 52 years old soon.

Still doesn't mean she know everything.    She only knows her views.
Keep working hard. No need to just fight
Toppling the Patriarchy is URGENT. ..This Sound Bite shows a Man Treating A PEER..As If He's The Boss of Her. ..He Isn't! !!!...
It's quite possible to be in CONGRESS & NOT KNOW A DAMN THING. One does not PROVE the other. Dems+supermajority+#DREAMers? Need I say more?
So? Most of Congress can't find their arse without staff help. There are boxes of rocks that would feel smart if placed inside the House.
In other words: Sit down and shut the hell up!
Looks about right. How gross. That dude should be put in the Humane Society.
I did know that Gideon Wells was still alive.  Dude it's 2017. Get with the program
This are sad times we are living in. Disrespectful behavior is rampant and coming from privileged white men.
And she was called this by a group of impotent old bastards who DON'T have a clue. SMH
@shannonrwatts @RepJayapal  @SenWarren I shut it down immediately Men can't stand being proven wrong by women,their way to regain upper hand
Is it sexist if I call you old lady. Because you are an old lady. Just saying
Because he called her young lady? Then not one Senator better EVER talk as a female. You obviously can't be addressed as female
Comment has nothing to do with sexism. He was very professional and honest to her.  To him she is a young lady.  He's old.
Not the right time or place to talk like that. It is condescending, like a father talking to his disobedient daughter.
Seriously ?!?!
If she's a liberal millennial, he's probably right...
Omg stop weighing everyone's words.
Doesn't mean she's intelligent. We had a First Lady that didn't know a damn thing for 8 years! Sexist part is she learned him from him !
Does not show alive and well--shows it's alive in individuals, and suppressed by the system. Note how leadership correctly sided with her!
If the sexism were systemic in this example, the leadership would have sided with him.
sexism runs the  government-- re: DeVos
Just imagine if she'd asked him to offer any evidence to support his position? Pretty sure he'd have melted down before our very eyes.
So is the fraud. #DrainTheSwamp Clinton Rice Lynch Foundation Wasserman Shultz Fusion GPS Keep fighting @realDonaldTrump
Well you're a nasty lady that knows even less than a damn thing!
Sen. Warren, how do you get through a day in Congress w/o kneeing some idiot in the balls? #NeverthelessShePersisted
#NeverthelessShePersisted
Tell this ignorant old white MAN to sit down and shut up- his time has passed- need more diversity in congress
Ugh can't stand assholes like this
Needs to b voted out next time!  Can't believe people like him exist!
DWMs (Dead White Males) of Congress lose their minds facing strong women of color e.g. @SenKamalaHarris @RepJayapal @RepMaxineWaters et al
@DemocraticLifer @RepJayapal @NARAL I AGREE GET RID OF BERNIE SANDERS
@DemocraticLifer @RepJayapal @NARAL JOE KENNEDY FOR PRESIDENT 2020
Good old Evangelicals 
Well look at who said it. Probably thinks he was being trendy.
Oh. Shut up already
LOL
Old fart!

WE WACKO VOTE HER OUT
Also, "my native people"
Sit down
That calls for a scalpin'
Can't she be all three? Like you...except for the young...and congresswoman...well, and maybe the lady part

He is an embarrassment to our state!
Next meeting Rep Jayapa take Duct Tape and affix it on his loosely mouth don't forget the Halopeño peppers 
Ahhh big meanie
Bernie says term limits are a right. Please cospondor his bill for the right to term limits. Then go away with him
Blatant racism, sexism and bigotry is becoming the new norm.
Unbelievable !!!
Pretty stupid comment coming from a person whose party is the hall of fame of character assassination. Can you spell HYPOCRITE?
And, T does? What's his point?
This just shows she has no backbone. She hid behind  a word, typical weak liberal.
That son of a bitch! I can't even believe it!  What if he said "miss" and she was married!!!!!???!?!? Shame him already. Shame!
Personally I'm out raged he assumed her gender so willy-nilly
The women in my lives aren't petty. And I'm pretty sure they've been called young lady at some point in their lives. They're still breathing
I think it's professional courtesy we're looking for as opposed to undercutting her status in regards to his perception of her intelligence
