Guess you should have endorsed @BernieSanders  instead of twiddling your thumbs on the sidelines  #fakeprogressive
guess bernie should have campaigned in the south and reached out to black voters before he decided to run.
Jesus could have returned and endorsed Sanders and Hillary still would've stole the nod
how the fuck did Hillary steal the nod? She beat him by 4 mil votes. He didn't campaign in the south. & oh look he's not a dem anymore
he never was! That's why we all loved him!!! 
? Blake, you are saying you loved Bernie because he didn't reach out to black voters?
.@markdutcher the Dem Party is no longer the "party of the people" it's been co-opted by neoliberalism "reforms" that reinforce inequality!
you can watch by the sidelines & throw around words like neoliberal. Bernie is getting nothing done but division. Did you vote for Hillary?
Highly doubt your insurance was Obamacare senator..dont act like your the working class with your salary
Pretty sure Warren is one of your best hopes for POTUS in 2020
Um I researched her voting record. It's terrible
How so? Do you have an impossible litmus test?
It goes against what she advocates for
yes.
Real reform would unfund things in which the Federal government has no business dealing
"This is the reason I wrote this book."  Another great interview on #realtime. Love you.
You are a bright as a broken light bulb. Why do democrats engage in envy and strife? Why do dems feel they are entitled to other's money?
Ask why Republicans continue their practice of corporate welfare while shafting middle class & low income people. 20% of corps pay zip!
So your answer is to punish corps and companies so they are unable to grow and hire more ppl keeping them on govt  (taxpayer) dole.
Corps hold over $2trillion offshore to AVOID paying taxes & Donald happily wants to hand them more. Trickle down economics don't work!
Do some research, start with Economics 101. Hint: Donald wants to remove the AMT which would save him literally millions! Get a clue, kid.
The tax plan he put out not only applies to giant corporations but 2 small businesses as well. You really think he's overhauling for himself
You've really got to try a few courses in Economics 101 & the history of same. You've bought the R agenda, hook, line & sinker. Facts count!
Liberalism and facts are oil and water.
@JennAnnCrosby As another AMERICAN on Twitter I say go screw yourself Warren.
How about a fair tax on EVERYONE?!
Isn't that the plan? But, overall, LOWER taxes and SMALLER, LESS INTRUSIVE government. BIG GOV is inefficient and VERY COSTLY! #MAGA
U got a big job ... real winners will b the rich no doubt
How about you balance the budget and decrease spending  so we can all pay less taxes. Try bringing reality to Congress, it'd help us all.
STHU #Hypocrite!
CASHING IN: Gravy Train Flows Wide And Deep At  @SenWarren’s Consumer Agency
Words, words, words. Your just a regular wordsmith. Yapping but never really saying anything!
Real tax reform, from the right or the left, would restore the capitalist economy as a wealth-sharer via wages.
You need a remedial language class
Your  average net worth of $8.75 million, including your home, secures you a spot the Top 1% bracket in terms of wealth.
Real reform: 1st tax code 1917 in 2017 $. No household under $214k pay.Do not have to file. Meant to tax ONLY rich.
Speaking of money, I really really like you but what the HELL dissing Obama for his speaker fee. He deserves whatever they want to give him!
And what category do fall into with your income?
A professor at $430K yr, tuition out of reach for families. When retirement accts, MFs of "messenger" reach $8.75M; I become hard of hearing
THAT'S THE ONE, TRY READING IT. UNLIKE YOU DID OBAMACARE
Fact; you're worth over 15 million, you lied about your heritage to get a lucrative job, and you want Trump supporters bodies cut open. Sick
Real tax reform is coming from @realDonaldTrump not the left losers
Facts
For such a bright person with great ideas I did not see you running for president hmmm I guess your just a sum c...
Geez...you guys did NOTHING for working class for the past 8 yrs and now you come out of the closet?
Please don't let them pass this for the rich & also get the insurance people under control
Says pocahontas

Listen to FOX! That's exactly what President Trump said he was going to do! It's been all over the news! Are u embarrassed of yourself?
Criticizing Obama for earning $ via speeches is beyond hypocritical. He's a private citizen now not to mention HE took on Wall St.
Why should the 1st black president be castigated for making $ openly & legally? Stick with REAL issues! 45's Russian ties, self dealing..
45's emoluments clause violations,those of his family & cabinet members,his obstruction of ongoing investigations, destruction of democracy
You mean the top 1% that pays almost 1/2 of all income taxes! How much did u pay in taxes Pocahontas?
Please describe what you mean by "working families?"  Wouldn't that refer to most everyone in the US including the "evil rich"?
He's actually working on that. Question...how come democrats didn't do that in 09?
Real tax reform should be revenue neutral or bring in more revenue from those that can afford it if you care about the deficit and debt.
Please don't talk badly about Obama! We all need to stay together!
keep up the good work. Fight for everyone.
Sweetheart -how about advocating taxing the riches wealth as opposed to their income -do you know that there is a difference?  Huh?  Do you?
Leave Obama alone!
how do you feel about Obama's $400,000 speech? More than you!
Still waiting for an answer as to why Congress is exempted from Obamacare It's a reasonable question, so how about an honest answer?
Why would that be"REAL"tax reform? Many tactics constitute real tax reform. You take economics 101? Maybe they taught it on the reservation.
Real tax reform would not allow obama to take 400K from Wall Street.  But, lets not mention that, it would be racist
Evidently U didn't bother 2 read. Tax cuts DID close loopholes & stop ridiculous deductions for rich. Everyone got a cut. Stop lying to ppl.
Something if you keep talking about him.... Gotta love that man
Worry about Obama trust he can take care of himself.
For some reason you'll can't keep him out of your mouth. He must be
This a black thing. Is this a double standard thing is the truth coming out? I think you two should concentrate on trump and not
Nerve to say he shouldn't get paid for speaking. You didn't say that about the last 43 presidents that excepted payment! So is
I have always believed in you but you crossed the line with Pres Obama. He is not running and I think you and Bernie S have a
It did. Bernie will have to pay more than 13.5% now.
Real tax reform would eliminate the IRS and institute a sales tax. Tax what I spend, not what I make. #FairTax
How will you work for this?
Please stop. You know nothing about working families.
Please tell, me in this century... how has any Democrat improved the lives of Americans?  All Americans.  The rich, the poor... the middle
All I know is proposed busker cannot be passed.  If it's even a budget
And doubling the deductions for married couples is HUGE!  Most working families don't have a lot of deductions.
Maybe Warren can get a $400,000 speech gig with her future WAll street buddies like her cohort Obama did
Obama takes $400,000 for a snake in grass speech with his buddies at wallstreet..wallstreet hates Trump
If you would listen the Loopholes are gone so they have to pay their 35%. you guys twist the information and tell untruths. Sick of it!
It does that.. dont be so goofy
Hmmmm.....Does "rich" include Obama getting $800,000 for "2" speeches???Hypocrite! I guess it's only considered "rich" if Rep. speech!
You know nothing! Just a loud mouth obstructionist!
Lowering corporate tax creates jobs and give USA corps  a competitive edge ..duh  Just make sure zero stock repurchase or increase dividend
There is NO proof at all that lowering corporate tax rates will create jobs. All this does is make corporations and millionaires richer.
Make sure they don't pay it in dividends or stock repurchase BS  Money need to be invested in start up n research that will lead to Profit
Are you serious  yaaaa we need it back in USA so it will create jobs and that money will be taxed later VS just sitting offshore # geezz 
Wake up #twodogsfuckin
No rich employers, no working family jobs... unless you can gather... but DNC restricts that to, so you have to be dependent on the system
Mostly the rich
What does your political philosophy get you? Venezuela you traitor to the American people.
He has eliminated ALL deductions but mortgage & charity, dear. That where the loopholes are. Sheeze.
You should read the bill before commenting.
TRUMP
Ah, yes. But NOTHING is real in Trump Wonderland. 

"More tax breaks, Alice?"

Alice, "I can't have MORE if I haven't had any yet."
Middle class needs some relief.
Would you teach some GOPers World History - 3rd World Countries become so through corrupt governments & no middle class!
Trump is covering all of us middle and lower income people in 2 ways: creating more jobs and cuttin our taxes
#RealTaxReform would be #trump Keep Promise 2 #MiddleClass #WorkingPpl #Poor ; @GOP STOP giving ALL Relief to Top 2% #TrickleDownNeverWorks
As Always, @GOP ONLY work 4 #BigOil #BigCorp #koch #WallStreet #BigBanks #NRA & BIG $$$ come w/It #Midterms2018 #UnfairTax #MiddleClass 
Real tax reform would do just that, reform taxes and reduce the tax burden for all.  PS: Stop spending.
We didn't get tax reform. We got planned tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of a YUGE! Deficit increase.
But that would require a real president and a real administration, not a bunch of illegitimate clowns.
Not Trump Tax Reform.
Including you?
doesn't the top 1% of earners pay 40% of the taxes?
?? Do you tweet your own tweets or do you have socialists on staff??   
Next time your "working" at a $20,000 a plate fundraiser remember this tweet....
Real tax reform would be lowering taxes and the government spending less.   Work that magic!!
it does fake Indian, pocohanas! You know nothing about economic so please stay silent. Address things u know like teepees!
that will upset you Ms. closet millionaire
Loopholes? Are you referring to deductions in the tax code? Why don't you ask Charlie Rangel why they're in the tax code?
A flat tax would do this.
Working families want to stop paying gracie taxes!
Your statement is ludicrous!!! Facts not fiction, be truthful
Totally agree, we need better wealth redistribution via progresive taxes to ensure equal access to a welfare state not tax cuts for the 1%
here is a thought how about a 99% tax on anyone that get payed 400k to talk to wall street bigwigs?
You need DEPENDENCY! More $ n peoples pocket =STIMULUS! That's not good 4 you.  You need DEPENDENCY! #FRAUD/UN-AMERICAN!Pocahontas!
The rich pay 80% of US income taxes, Betty.  But you already know that.
Lizzy is an idiot in my opnion
If elizabeth had her way, we would be taxing everyone at 85%. And 0% for her and her hollywood elites.
Loop holes???? Let look at your tax returns. I bet you took some loop holes.
Guess that would mean what the R's are proposing is "fake" tax reform.  People at the middle and bottom get squashed as usual.
public school teacher and trades worker should not pay more taxes than millionaires.
The rich benefit the most from deductions. Republicans eliminate all but mrtg. deductions and charitable deductions. What do you call that ?
Dems never met a tax they didn't love under obama and you
That's the plan. Why didn't you do it? Hypocrite
Obviously you have no understanding of his proposal.
Do you use the loopholes? Are you wealthy? Please stop. For the most part, you earned it, and so did they.
Please, please, for the rest of us on the left, please stop. You know this is nonsense. All categories see benefit. Please stop.
Waren is one of the rich she is talking about and she uses every loophole she can, what a lying hypocrite.
real democrats would make defending reproductive rights and personal choice central to what it means to be a Democrat.
Not in #TrumpWorld
Liar!
Congress since Reagan allowed this travesty of passing the tax burden to working class!Term Limits Now!
I'm pretty sure the Trumps consider themselves to be working.  Working my nerves, that is.
What say you about this money grab by Obama?
Obama's $400G Wall Street speech leaves liberal base stunned http://fxn.ws/2pDgUtt  
@realDonaldTrump real and giving corporate tax breaks brings jobs and if you don't know this then go back to high school and take economics
@realDonaldTrump  No Lying american indian warreneveryone paying the same percentage across the board no matter what you make.
You've been saying the same shit, and done nothing, for YEARS.
Claiming minority native american status to reap rewards at harvard is looking out for working families ?
You had 8 yrs to do reform and close loopholes so why didn't you? Could it be because it benefited your donors ?
8 YEARS...8YEARS..8YEARS...AND YOU DID WHAT FOR 8YEARS??? PREY PLEASE TELL US...
We, LITERALLY, are in for the fight of our lives
The #ACA didn't put working families first...set us back years
I need rich ppl to have money to invest in my future
Liar
stop wasting time on taxes focus on immediate threat ocare repeal
The President is doing this.

Bookmark all of her comments on the rich and remember them when you vote in 2018. She is leftover swamp.
What ever will you do Elizabeth? Hypocrite.
Real working families would never vote for you. Go deliver donuts to the working  folks lizzy
Worked real hard on tax reform the last 8 years huh?  Yep that would be a no
Republicans fell 4 Trickle Down lie since Reagan. Some 62 Million still are waiting. Now on lying Billionaire 
#ThursdayThoughts #resist 
Maybe you could use some of "YOUR" tax savings to pay more to your female staff. HYPOCRITE!!
This tax reform is designed to do that. Oh ya, in the Nutsy Nancy's world she never gets past the title.
And you've done what so far????? On this ????
The problem is working families dont have the money or resources to have the lobbyists & special interest groups buy the favors the rich get
Didn't you exploit tax loopholes? Something about being a minority Native American wasn't it?
Stop giving them loopholes to JUMP thru... U make the laws and u know how to Shut them Down....
You had your chance liar
What a lazy route dem politicians  such as you always take. First, racial divide and when that doesn't work you go for the class warfare
@RT_com Well you know that Dems and GOP both represent the elites, oligarchs, and special interests. No one represents the poor, no money in
americans live in homes for their liverty, but they also work in offices to get more prosperous
OBAMA did zero tax reform, closed zero loopholes, now speaking on Wall street.  Liberals are the devil
Wait we never got that under Obama. What happened Liz? What the excuse? Now we're going to do it and your complaining. What the heck?
The working people might be better off if you stop the negative income tax, tired of seeing people get back more than they pay in.
working families need jobs not welfare.
you lot of Democrats are quick to point fat fingers whilst you did NOTHING to plug holes whilst in power. HYPOCRITE! #STFUEW
Yeah, we know that won't happen under this dictatorship.
You mean like the first 24k having no taxes at all? Miss that one? Which loophole are you referring to? Bet you cant name 1of these secrets.
If you think Republicans will pass this joke of a tax plan of Trumps you are as crazy as he is.  NEVER will happen.
all you do is complain about everyone else rather than make real change when you had the chance. You're just a puppet
We don't want tax cuts!!! We want to pay higher taxes!!!!!
Too bad we elected a slow-brained narcissistic fox to reform the hen house #trump100days
It did away with all so called loopholes. You can't even tweet without lying
What's your advice?
How much money do you have? I say more than you should? Let take what you have and spread it around.
#truth
Tax cuts + loopholes = zero taxes for corps & very wealthy. And it doesn't get passed down to consumers, just more $$ in corps' pockets.
@POTUS yea but we all know that won't happen with this administration
Don't let him go after out pretax 401k . That's my retirement
Real tax reform will be for the People, & that uses 15% to bring $ back, $24K for Cpl, etc. Now bring prices down, not wages up!
Stop Exec sucking $ out of US Corp. GM bankrupt, CEO out w $10Mil. Exec over paid, brings prices up & No growth. Pay by profits.
How much of your money are you willing to give back you understand your rich enough
A real POTUS would care about the people instead of his pockets.
You must mean the loopholes obama left open for 8 years?  How do you feel about his wall stree speech ?
I think we should take your expense account away,pay like everyone else I wouldn't mind more money in my pockets
Taxation is extortion
