
Either you're a an un-American paid-troll, or you haven't read up on your history son. We are repeating it. @SenWarren
I don't care what fancy degrees you have, you show your ignorance of history with lack of compassion for now.
In Russia, do they not teach you how Americans speak?
run for president 2020
I second that. Think @SenWarren would make an amazing POTUS. A world apart from the horror of now.
that's true! She has great capacity and public policy knowledge: that is EXACTLY what US and world needs rn
could not agree more. She is hope for the future .
Unfortunately she's not a socialist.
She's a milquetoast liberal. She doesn't want that much welfare. She's not Bernie
Yeah, they get taken over by the Russians which is exactly what should have happened to those European arseholes back in WW2.
& d usa would have taken over Japan & a bunch of Asian countries&then that would have been d status quo a nuke bomb more or less.
just as you consistently abandon the occupied Palestinian people
D PalestiniansRnot occupied.Neither Israeli territory nor Jerusalem r theirs but atheists know shit about d Bible.
like you democrats are doing right now
Can you tweet how allowing Radical Islam into the US helps the Jews who live here now? Use both sides of mouth if necessary
Open borders and multiculturalism will destroy our country. You don't have a love for USA. U r out of touch w/us
My what a convenient liberal memory you have! That's why you were outraged when US abstained from vote on Israel - oh wait
It is time to put away senate decorum and RESIST LOUDLY. #Resist #MuslimBan #NeverAgainMeansNeverAgain
You mean as Democrats are doing to Americans? Stop already.  You're embarrassing yourself with your hypocritical nonsense.
YOU guys abandoned us, the people who live and work in this country a long time ago, so please, do not LECTURE your hatred
I agree re: danger 2 #refugees. Will u agree 2 oppose unanimous consent 2 Floor vote 4 #JeffSessions ? #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan
your brownshirt army is in the streets. You are the haters.
Does being a liberal politician require you to lie like a rug or do you do it for fun or force of habit?
@daywithoutimmi should only be illegals
Islam is the devil's alternate universe in his quest to always try to mock the work of God (esp thru Jesus).
butthurt sore losers throwing temper tantrums.  Illegal invaders are not legal immigrants.
Yeah the RIOTS across AMERICA because of the Dem. mantra which preaches HATE and RACISM !!!!
you standing up with your megaphone spewing crap is just CRAP! We the people know that you see refugees as VOTES #AmericaFirst

Your party has become a party of hate  & racism & have left us & the constitution behind. Go home
Can you post some photos of you with a megaphone protesting Obama's banning of Muslims? No photoshopped images please
Can you tweet about how blocking Trump's nominees makes our country stronger?
We've put our trust in you to lead us through this disgusting presidency. Stop approving the cabinet! Stop rolling over! #Revolt
with your sick  sick new world order and not protecting Americans and abortion at 9 months  u have gone to far
American citizens are also in NEED. Think about your constituents first.
Do you have imaginary friends? Or is that just some liberal Senators?
So the genocide of millions of Jews compares to the temporary ban of ppl from countries that are dangerous to America? WTH?
Did you find your liberal associates use of Anne Frank's death as a political talking point distasteful or disturbing?
we are currently on that same path and people are to stupid to see it. History is is doomed to repeat itself.
History never repeats itself. You make such a bad student of history with repeating a truism 4 facile minds.
actually it does. If you don't think so you need to wake up. Read a book.
STOP VOTING ON HIS NOMINEES
Clueless...Another lib - #LowInformationVoter
Then why are you and the left so intent on furthering the divide in our country??
You are 1 sick woman.
Amazing how many ppl hate u.  One more like me won't make a difference.  Just leave gracefully be4 any investgation opened on u.
apparently this is the only day you remember that.
Pocahontas, you need to understand governments responsibly is to protect its citizens.
u must be referring  to our out of a job President Obama.  He was hell bent on destroying America. U drank the cult kool-aid
sort of like how you @DNC & #LiberalBULLIES take your hate to the streets & scream at other Americans? & abandon our Veterans??
Lizzie -- if that's true, maybe you should stop dividing, and try uniting -- Just for a change
You still don't get it!? YOU ARE THE ONE USING HATRED & FEAR while Trump's msg of hope in Safer USA.  UNITY! NOT DIVISIVENESS!
, we also learned what happened when we ignored an evil ideology (ISIS=Nazi) and let them intimidate us in to submission.
you will use anything to keep your BS going and try to divide Americans! You are a waste of free air
Well many of us just hate you and what you and political terrorist @TheDemocrats have done to our Country.
problem is if my neighbor belonged to a cult (like ISIS is)and chanted "Death to my neighbor" they wouldn't get 2 ft on my land.
Dear Fake Native American! How dare you compare the Holocaust to anything. There is no comparison
UR effort 2 equate this 2 UR narcissistic implications is anti-Semitic, OUTRAGEOUS & UNACCEPTABLE #HolocaustMemorialDay
YOU & SOROS & OBAMA CREATED THE HATE & FEAR & IDEOLOGICAL SUBVERTION POCAHONTAS, TRY TELLING THE TRUTH?
vote this liar out and watch your lives improve dramatically. Elizabeth is a liar and a criminal stealing from Americans
.@SenWarren is a traitor who puts pandering to "refugees" and illegals above national security. #TermLimits
Stop politicizing the Holocaust.
So demonising all that you dont agree with would be a good start
like the unborn?
is a leading reason why @POTUS a lock for re-election 2020 and the disintegration of Democratic party #Pochahontas privilege
Pocahontas shut up no one cares what you say!!! It's always a lie!!!
REMINDER @SenWarren made up that she is Native American to benefit her career. Now she refuses to even acknowledge the fiasco. Pretindian.
Except it's nothing like the Holocaust. Maybe the trail of tears though....since you were there and all.
money hungry scum who will say anything to start hatred and fear. You are the lowest of lows. Shame
Which part of "temporary ban" you don't understand?
You are such a phony. Obama has been killing thousands of Muslims for years. I don't remember you speaking out against it.
I suggest, since you are so open hearted, to take 50 of them in, take care of them, feed them, all of that - share your spirit
@CJLeBlanc time to make sure we have a solid, strong vetting process. Better safe than sorry
So you are saying Hitler did what he did because the United States, wrongly, didn't admit a boat?
It is you and the left that hate and are intolerant. Just listening to you and the wacky Hollywood left at SAG the makes point
And of course, THIS IS LOVE:
Why did he ban only some Muslim countries and NOT the ones that actually caused 911? Is it because of his conflicts of Interests?
don't we remember Jews?
.@SenWarren It is evil that on #HolocaustRemembranceDay Trump announced his heinous UnConstitutional ban on Muslims & refugees fleeing war.
You might want to actually read the constitution and point out where it says we have to let anyone come here
Confirming bullshit nominees hurts, too.
You are against our laws.
How utterly disrespectful to equate this absurd paranoia to the Holocaust show some respect!

Then please tell me WHY you are working so hard to instill hatred and fear with your disingenuous and inflammatory statements
Circle of life. We learnt from the past and moved on to repeating it and forgetting the consequences.
let them in after we can be assured they R not a threat! How many more Gay nightclub massacres, and Boston bombings have to occur

I ask : Do u like Clinton imposing Martial Law as a 1st Exec. Order had she won. Creating a Civil War ending in needlesss deaths
It is your party that created increased hatred and fear with your racist  & corrupt policies. Do u prefer Clinton's Marshal Law??

Jews were NOT the biggest sufferers of mass killing in human history. #moveoninlife
you have "HolocaustRemembranceDay" but what good does it do?? even strait after the war the world still fights. For what???
undidnt care nor did you protest that Christians didn't get refugee status. You ignored them, now Christian genocide cuz of u
u did nothing u said nothing they were left to die at the hands of Isis http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/28/judge-asks-obama-about-lack-of-christian-refugees-allowed-in-us/ …
That's Why The Process Of Immigration Is ALREADY IN PLACE... TO LEARN ENGLISH TO LEARN HISTORY... You Twits Of Ignorance...
hi dear
I'm ashamed ... this new leadership is poison
(2). What you know is wrong, and put these inappropriate picks in, then your words mean nothing. You can't compromise with evil
I see you as someone this country needs, but you are voting in every cabinet pick so far. If you won't stand against what (1)
okay in Boston there children in need what is your plan? Americans first
then do something about Bannon on the National Security Council. He thinks he is Goebbels. Stop him.
Common sense dictates @POTUS ensures safety, provides needs of citizens B4 outsiders. #Vets   @SenWarren no rules re strangers in your home?
What about R VETS who R in need ?Do they matter to U. We R the most generous country,but enough is enough,20Tdebt. Amer FIRST
Your kidding aren't you?? You don't protect us the people who pay you.
But Obama did it.  Why so mad now?
I heard you're going to vote yes to Ben Carson... why?
then quit spreading it with your rhetoric!
urge world leaders to help us delegitimize Trump; ask they not visit at WH. This will help them also maintain their dignity.
They just heard about all free crap they could get.
Just so you know.  Standing Rock people were poisoned.  Coughing up blood.  They plan to die trying to stop the black snake.
I guess we really didn't learn anything....history repeats itself #MuslimBan
Our President is not fit for office. In 1 week he has threatened and blackmailed neighbors,alienated entire countries. Dangerous
The US is being gaslighted into believing lies.  Fox News tells lies on a daily basis.  We need to open our eyes to the lies.
Little Hitler is starting it all over!  Might want to check his DNA and see if related!!
@marymjoneil  Why don't you have the balls to vote against grossly unqual Cabinet picks? You don't fight for us, we won't for you
President Trump needs you to be on his side what about that why don't you start at home first
@allenequincy Liz, can't we sponsor safe zones. Immigration seems risky without better vetting. We must learn from Europe's foly.
please, he must be stopped. What he is ordering is against everything we stand for.
didn't your boy Barry just send $2000000 to Palestine and condemned Israel in the UN? Don't Preach about hate
Dear Senator. The only value Trump has is this ------>$$$$$
Over 75% of Americans agree with this.
resign
it's all you and your party do. must be some kool aid that you drink.
it wasn't to do with hatred.
We said never again that means NEVER again! When will senate and Congress STOP this madness
@jimmyj48125 get ready for 2020
The Democrats/Liberals are the most divisive people in the world!
Yup, that's exactly what you lefties did.
We remember you spewing about ethics, when you have none yourself. Steal money in student aid, hiding 1.3 mil, look in the mirror
u voted in favor of cabinet picks you have lost credibility with me don't care which ones
@ESTEE_ARIE 
Well u guys need to find ur backbone I guess:

https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005267 …
democratic senators please please rise up against Trump. Your silence is deafening.  Tweeting is not enough
we are fearful here-right here in our own country. What are YOU doing to relieve our fears? What action have you taken? Twitter??
impeachment now.  We can't wait
and Hollywood blacklisted Germans
you mean the way Obama & the Dems abandoned the Christians in Syria?
@realDonaldTrump LIZ you have 'abandoned those in need' HERE in the US*get out of your bubble*children are OVERDOSING ON HEROIN
you have the audacity to tweet this while you took money from SOROS?!? #draintheswamp #TRUMP #arrestsoros #MAGA #democRAT
You & your #DEMocRAT cronies @SenWarren are turning people against each other.  Is that what SOROS told you to do? #fauxcahontas #TRUMP
please then tell us how much money you took from SOROS!! @OANN @FoxNews @transition2017 @GOP @Reince #MAGA #fauxcahontas  #Trump
talk about turning, if YOU had supported Bernie instead of the lying cheat we might have avioded this mess in the first place!
So true. Well said; from the heart.
so you can compare trump with holocaust but abortion is not like holocaust? t
Mr. Trump stated he can have a safe zone for them in their own country. This will save them & they can go home soon.
then don't promote hate
Happy to see that we still have leaders like yourself. Please keep it up!
One thing abt that .Jews never attacked innocent ppl with bombs knives or moving vans.Muslims have though...Let that sink in ...
you mean what you are doing trying to divide my country?
you are a failing Senator. And you are FakeNews! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is what happens when you're led by a coward!
@dllinkc The propaganda wing of the DNC is infected with subversive overtones like this of EW. #NeverWarren
About that credit line you tried to cover up . . .
Liz would you accept refugees into your home?
Obama policy's have tuned neighbors against neighbors in USA! We need to fix our problems before going outside of USA!!!
Than stop preaching it. Read your own words
- thank you for speaking out. Executive orders are shameful & just like Hitler did.
Please vote NO TILLERSON, SESSIONS, MNUCHIN, DEVOS, PERRY, CARSON, PRUITT AND PRICE!
