if they r supposed to help why did they allow #corruptWellsFargo to steal my house, destroying a single mom of3@WellsFargo
some bank directors could care less about their communities. It's all about profits and major gains, no conscience.
No matter how you roll it and smoke it, it doesn't make it true. CFPB is  duplicative and too powerful. Downsize the Gov't!
. And penalizing people for not buying the corruption OBUMMER care
you are widely despised for STEALING a Harvard scholarship by LYING about Cherokee blood.
@seanhannity More Out Of Control Hysterical Garbage Tweeted By Lizzy and So Pandering and Typical of Her. So Sad To Read
SHH she is trying to campaign for 2020. Let her tweet. She thinks she is smarter than everyone
GOP is working hard at killing off many popular programs hated by Corporate US, inc ACA. Keep up good fight for The People!
Go for it.
I wish I could figure out how to add a picture...have to ask the grands.
We know that @CFPB is the biggest protection American consumers have against Wall St. corruption. If only the GOP cared about us.
ask Liz what she pays these ppl to protect us? Why she filed it as bus outside geographic area so Feds cant monitor?
that's strange because big Wallstreet banks are widely hated.  Also I have long golden flowing hair, in case I need a loan.
No Government regulating body is "wildly popular with the American people" quit making a fool of yourself and resign now.
We wouldn't want the little guy to have too much protection from the big bad investment firms.
no its not popular with AMERICANS..only with socialist libtards like yourself
by Americans, is that the elitists you run with and pay $$$  to work for your Consumer company? Conflict of interest?
End it, it is a failure we have 30-year mortgages Banks make more on housing than anyone - how is that protecting us
why has greed become the ultimate goal of corporate leaders? Simple gains are no longer enough.
Which is exactly why we should keep it as is.
Yeah those banks we had to bail out hate it..
You got paid 350k to teach a single class and faked being a minority for bennies and you talk about cheating?
350 for a semester or like 1 day of class?
1 class. Fake Indian rights.
it is NOT widely popular with the American people- you are delusional
(cc @annlwagner) - The @cfpb is the definition of elitist wasteful bureaucracy http://bit.ly/2nEf0HW 
Yeah, not so much. What has this particular branch of obsolete regulation done to help me, on a personal level? I'll wait!
You couldn't find ten people outside of D.C. who know what it is or does.
. And your hated by most as well
yeah, that's a lie.
just because you say it, doesn't make it true. CFPB has done nothing but drive up consumer costs.
no we the people NOT YOU like it and don't like a lieing Indian o wait your not one well can't ever tell the truth from you
Which is why the Repubs are so against it. Whatever the American people are FOR, THEY'RE against!
maybe wildly popular is a stretch since I just now found out about it
stop your nonsense
yes! As a consumer I am glad someone's looking out for us, it's a pipe dream to think a profit driven corporation will!
They helped me with a FCRA matter,  easy and streamlined.  Why get rid of something that works??
@gdawg138 @CFPB Don't let it happen! Thank you for your hard work on behalf of all Americans! #persist
Trump is working solely for the rich. It's become very obvious.
When you live in a vacuum and surround yourself w/ like minded, I can see how you would think this. Elections say otherwise
Punish banks when Hillary rips the People & Nation off? Only Dem above Laws?
NO Equal Justice until Hillary is Locked Up!
Please get to work for the american people, no more
critcism. Enough is enough.
u lie commrade!! Most American people hate the cfpb and want it gone!!!
widely popular? lol most people don't know who or what it is or does.
The grievances of Wall Street mucky-mucks are now to be fully addressed. They win.
The average American has no clue what the CFPB is and It shows how out of touch you are with the average Ma voter
Now if you mean it's wildly popular amongst its high paid staff . I agree.
Wrong . 80 % of Americans have never heard of the CFPB.
love Love LOVE the @CFPB!
2008 devastated too many Americans. We don't want a repeat.
You can always count on the ethnic or racial slurs from the brain dead Trump supporting bigots.
and how do you know that?
Which is exactly why Republicans hate it.  They want to strip away all consumer protections. #Dem2018
No coincidence there. This is a hill worth holding. Thank you Senator for standing firm!
you just answered your own Tweet. If we like it, its gone. If it's hated by the banks, it's gone.
trumps swamp

The CFPB is an assault on FREEDOM. 

Freedom for powerful companies to rob working people blind, but shhhh
: WRONG
How do you say "phoney" in Navajo?
shill
Yeah, lets go back to 2008. USA almost on verge of bankruptcy. @senwarren @cfpb
#BernieWouldHaveWon As your constituent, I know you did what you felt you could. ClintonDNC has got to go!
As a Notary Signing Agent, I am very familiar with the work of the CFPB. Wall St. hates it because it WORKS!
we just need a new director to keep a good program running
That is why we need to keep it!!
yes with a new director
Do Little Banks hate it as well?
