
I think the disconnect is for the GOP, it is like football. For Dems, it's about people. 2 diff games being played but Dems don't know it.
Such an alarmist-you know you'll get your chance to tweak it in the senate. Drama queen!
ExactlyMust be a rule to be a DimWit - Drama Classes. E. Warren can't say anything without soundsing like a fire alarm
You are talking about obamacare, right?
Glad to know that not a single person with health issues has died during the last 6 years of the ACA
Paul, will more or fewer people have health insurance under AHCA than under ACA?
I'm confused. Are you saying we shouldn't consider ppl on the edges when deciding policy?
Come on, Paul.
My point is Warren's claim of people dying due to coverage is cherry picked, arguing the edges. Vast majority will benefit from lower costs
not once you actually provide a fix for the 24 million who lose coverage, they won't. And even without, that's shifty math.
Why will they lose coverage?U have no idea what u r talking about.Ever hear of medicaid? It's that free insurance for the poor we all pay 4.
Are you aware that the AHCA cuts $880 *billion* from Medicaid? That's precisely the reason for the large coverage loss.
Obamacare is harming the middle class . Raising rates, deductibles, and copays and stripping coverage.
It hurt so much! We paid $650/mo for 5 and ded. of $2500. After ObamaCare it was $1650/mo and $6500 ded. Supposed to increase this year
Obamacare harmed working middle class Americans who get coverage from employer.
As well as middle class Americans who work in profession w no benefits. Those premiums went up too.
2008 I paid 12 a week, 20copay 500ded. Now it 200wk, 8k deductable. Who's killin who?
Rates sky rocketed , carriers bowed out. Tons of employer plans got harmed. People lost their plans at rollout of ocAre.
I sure hope so,  to many mooches in the system.  Make America Great Again !!!
Remove yourself from office. You're a liar. And you know that this repeal isn't a repeal at all, even absolving you Dems from the implosion.
Iowa lost every insurance company, Nevada premiums up over 100% in 1 yr, Ocare is dead
Another Saul Alinsky 'rule' - control their healthcare and thus, control them all
@mutts4me_sherri Went through a medical bankruptcy. Lost nothing but the bills. Kept home, cars, 401k, IRA, etc. Fear mongering Warren
Are you bragging about how the US healthcare system is so broken that you were forced to declare bankruptcy? Bankruptcy is great!
4th item MANY companies have only been hiring part-time because if AHA. Try juggling several jobs to make ends meet.
Many companies are offering better benefits because of ACA. Try having insurance for preventive care instead of praying you don't get sick.
Absolutely not. I do payroll for a major payroll company. I talk to employers everyday. It's a total mess. Go talk to people affected.
I talk to employers everyday. I talk to people who have health insurance for first time everyday. Go talk to people ACA has benefitted.
My sister worked at Ocare call center those helped are far far less than those hurt. She had people that were in tears everyday.
My friend works the help center doing in person sign ups. She has all kinds of great stories. Washington has a stronger implementation.
People who have Obamacare insurance are dying everyday, Obamacare is bankrupting millions of people thanks democrats!
It hurt so much! We paid $650/mo for 5 and ded. of $2500. After  ObamaCare it was $1650/mo and $6500 ded. Supposed to increase this year
Ours in Az too. Ridiculous. Most Americans get hc thru employers so don't get it.
It's all about the Big Guy riding on the backs of the Little Guy, but if the Little Guy collapses they take the Big Guy down with them.
You need professional help
Yep...that's a part of their plan.
Where were u when dems praised the Obama bullshit, do you have coverage under the unaffordable health care bill?
Fannie, Freddie looted by Obama-era policies to pay for Obamacare your fraud is done!!!!
Adopt all of us Liz. Then we can be on your healthcare
Families are already going bankrupt paying their insurance premiums. You still aren't listening to the people that are paying for it.
Blah, blah, blah...
George Patton would have given you a medal for such an eloquent response
Ike should have listened to him. Everybody should have. I especially like what he said about fighting the wrong enemy in WW2.
How dramatic is this?  Fake facts, fake compassion, fake seriousness, she probably is still laughing.
U already wrecked it and killed people Like me! This goes a long way to fixing our health care. You & the Dems have blood on your hands!!!!
Epipens don't have to be covered under ACA & parents now pay hundreds. You and all the democrats are willfully blind to the damage U caused.
My grandsons have life threatening food allergies.  Before the ACA their epipens were $7. My dau.lost her ins. bc of hours cut due 2 ACA. #1
All this happening w/Obamacare!  So what do you suggest?
Shut up Fauxahontas.
Ummm....like they are doing with ObamaCare right now? Give us a break you liberal loon, the #AHCA is about "fixing" that mess!
Pocahontas maybe you should try out Obamacare. It sucks it is high priced and gives little coverage despite Obama's lies
go back and read your tweet. "People will die". Newsflash: People will die no matter what becomes law. STOP SCARING PEOPLE.
hyperbole 101
Hello World, I know you're out there somewhere? Come In...Liz McFly Warren here, anyone come in......Reality? what's that?
Thank you for your visit to Philly yesterday.  And your message : Demand #IndependentInvestigation  Find #RepublicanPatriots
Elizabeth Warren you are just BULLSHIT TALK AND LIES LIES LIES. A loud mouth and a bully
Yes @SenWarren everyone dies. We are bankrupt from obamacare something needs to change. I want to see my doctor not a fed. bureaucrat.
Elizabeth Warren, have you not noticed, Obama Care has failed !! People ARE dying under it already ! SMH
Senator Warren, where were you & your fellow Democrats when I lost my insurance & my costs more than doubled. Too busy scoring points!
The ACA was a real gift with its rising premiums & insurance companies bailing out. Don't u have a tepee to clean, Lies Through her Teeth?
Ocare sucks beth. You ppl didnt even read before you passed it.Do you use obamacare?If http://not.Zip  your lip your opinion means 0
You are wrong.#Obamacare is not working. I realize you are out of touch with senate healthcare we pay for. Please hear me
Liz, you've missed an important point.  obammycare already did  that which you dread.  The GOP will fix it.
Ur full of it. I didnt know hospitals can now turn away treatments
Under Osamabama care people and families are already going bankrupt. Stop lying, oh wait, I forgot, you're a Democrat. Democrats only lie
Man, these fits of emergent action is just perplexing.
"People will die."
Yes, they died in Benghazi and not a damn was given by you. Notta.
And the republicans don't care.
Right so when you all sang "goodbye" at the passing of bill, that was mature? I'm sure all the people dying loved your singing.Another fraud
What about Ocare outrageously expensive? If it is so great-why aren't you and the rest of Congress forced to be on it?  Lecture someone else
Says the Native American ()who perpetually attempts to score political points with recycled stupidity.
Can you tel me specificity how this bill will Bankrupt and kill people?
The #ACA has aleady devistated Americam families you hypocrite #liar




oh please,stop with the lies! did you shout about the Veterans that died under Obamacare??  #HYPOCRITE
Now she adds drama queen to her Indian heritage.
shut up please. you are against trump. you dont want republicans to get credit for fixing anything. all you care about is power.
Liar.
I'm trying to figure out how an insurance mandate prevents death. People with insurance die every day. The argument is flawed
'Nother lie , Poco.

     Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights.. Carry
prove it, prove anything, for the first time in your miserable existence, prove it to me first! #fauxcahontas
Lets leave the ACA in place, let the Democrats wallow in their own poop
I remember paying $98 per month for medical insurance. Then Obamacare was passed. I guess $365 per month is saving me $5600 per year?????
Trump, Pence, Ryan & McConnell "DON'T CARE." THEY KNOW people WILL  die. TRUMPCARE = RICH GET RICHER.
Yes, they will, but the misnamed ACA was always destined to crash and burn. How is it that you didn't see it then, and deny the obvious now?
Why don't you pay my deductible I got from ACA then?
Too bad it's not you.
It will be a bigger slaughter than Little Big Horn.
O-Care has been a total disaster for many middle-class people and counting. They can't afford it or providers bailed. Wth?
Bjhahahah
The level of stupidity needed to believe that is incredible. Go back to scamming people with tales of your ancestry.
You are talking about what Obamacare  did to the middle class Americans. Wake up! BTW I am actually of Indian descent! 1/4 to be exact!
Every single scripted word out of your #fraudulent mouth is about scoring points.  You will lose in #2018  and it will be glorious.  #seeya
Your your deceitful words, yes your existence, is is a blot of shame on America.
@LeahRBoss Wait wait wait wait wait: This isn't football....?!?!
I'm part Indian.
This is such BS,  what is a card saying I have health  insurance  when I have a 10k  deductible.  You and you're  party are a farce!
Why were you exempt from Ocare
Im sure gonna miss paying a $700 fine because I couldn't afford healthcare....
Are you promising us you will die,is that the only way to get rid of you. Please do, we are tired of your foolish nonsense.
Elizabeth Warren, mixing fear mongering and stupidity all wrapped up in a tepee. .
Did you smokem too much crazy peace pipe? People did just fine before #AHCA.
People will die regardless of our healthcare system, you bubblehead!
Everybody's going to die one day.

Hebrews 9:27 (KJV)

27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:
Obama Care has already devastated American health care, but wasn't that the plan all along. Now Trump has to clean up the Democrats mess.
My son hasn't had insurance since Obamacare cancelled his.. works 3 jobs and not eligible for subsidy. Ocare devastated his family..
You are a cartoon character in your own comic strip. I'd keep my mouth shut if I were you. You spew ignorance
Like the ones dying in the street right now the veterans dropping dead every day people committing suicide and gays thrown off buildings?
Every time you open your mouth, you show the world how ignorant & hypocritical you are, as well as how out of touch you are with reality.
@smartgirls4gop Don't worry Liz, global warming will destroy the planet by 2012 anyway, so who cares...??
Stop with the dying over the top lies. Your're not gonna win.
liar
no pocha people will not die, was with no insurance for long time and i didn't die.
silly headed woman. What do you think Obama care is doing. How did you get elected?
Now that your party is no longer I charge, you think it's a good idea to change the rules. You're a fraud and everyone is aware of it.
people are bankrupt now and dying, your fear-mongering is going to make this better how???
ObamaCare is killing people
Abortion kills 3,000 babies each year in the United States. Any comment on REAL deaths?
They go bankrupt paying the damn deductable because they already spent their $ on the monthly premiums....
Wheres your concern 4 American Vets that have been dying 4 years under liberal rule? #MAGA #WomenWhoVoteTrump #Trumpsters #POTUS #TeamTrump
Are you paying attention to all the companies who dropped Obamacare, or the rising cost of healthcare.

@SenWarren, Is ANYTHING said in this clip false?https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/861021008001724416 …
Gov run healthcare huh? You cannot regulate people into freedom no matter how many rules you make. They're no longer free people.
with all respect. That is already happening, how can you be so blind as to believe you had no ownership of the current situation?
more lies form warren as usual no body is going to die or go bankrupt so stop with scare tactics we don't want obamacare
Yet all of those things happened under the VA program and #Obamacare and we heard crickets from you.
you are one sick puppy in need of healthcare soon.
You are so out of touch. If premiums would kill we would all be dead because of the skyrocketing premiums and deductibles due to Obamacare
Stop spreading your LIES .There are people that CANTeven go to dr because of obamacare .you want it to fail you dont care about people.
You assisted in bankrupting families & letting people die with #Obamacare.  You (Dems) & Repubicans need 2 work on plan 4 all Americans.
Republicans
#trumpcaresnot #acha
Madam with all due respect how much you know about anything except for screaming on liberal channels CNN MSNBC
Ok Pocahontas, calm the f down 
Ps #ACA is bankrupting me and forcing me to avoid health care.  #ThanksObama
Keeping govt out of health care will guarantee a govt will not control your health or life.  #RepealNoReplacement
That was O care
Have you even read it, considering Pelosi said when Obamacare was passed that it had to be passed to learn what was in it? Melodramatic lib.
Unlike Obamacare, pro abortion, assisted suicide, denied care, unaffordable, deductibles sky high, & the fact that it's imploding right?
What about the Vets dying in your own state, not doing much about those. Only when you can make brownie points with voters.
Sen Warren lets take over fix the Trumpcare bill & make it a one payer system then return it to Repubs Let's be NASTY WOMEN & get to work
How do you pay health care plan with $12K+ deductible! Oh, yea, lie about being Native American to get big$ Harvard gig!
Thank goodness you're not trying to score cheap political points on the tragedy of others!
Your a phony!  What have you done for the Massachusetts VA?  Nothing.  What have you done for the inner city poor people, Nothing
Hey Warren stop the fear mongering and get back to work!! All you're worried about is your book and a run for President!! No single payer!!
Has anyone actually read the bill or are all reacting to what they are being fed by those that have said they will block everything
Wow you are blatantly lying to your base. Truth comes out @SenWarren . Now what do you have to say for yourself?
Quit spreading BS Faux You do nothing in your home state but now spread fear & lies 2 the American people Party before people is disgusting
And what about Veterans in your home state who haven't heard from you? Why don't you stop with the hysterics and help them?
Where is your concern for vets who die waiting for treatment in your state. More selective outrage for political purposes.
You are a very sick person.
people will die everyday; thats life. Why are you on here pushing fear? Where is your outrage for Iowa, BK's from ACA? UNITE PEOPLE! geez! 
What have u done to help America's veterans? You have watched them die and u do nothing?
Hey Pocahontas - you're lying again.  Stop using scare tactics!!
If you cared one shit about us you would have improved your own states veteran care! And you would get off your ASS and help! But you won't!
Why is she talking about Obama care?
Well let's just see if you do! I doubt it though
You are SUCH a liar!  A SHAME to America. We don't believe one word that comes from your mouth
Where were you when obozocare passed? That's the law the IS doing the very things you wrote!
Thanks for coming documented liar #pocahantas
If what you say is true, why are rich people like you exempt from obummercare?
Evil Trump wants people to die so they can  give the $600 billion heist to the rich and even buy beer to celebrate!   He is evil!
OMG. Are you still mad about the smallpox in your blankets?  @IrishTea1

Trump & Ryan & that whole bunch of Republicans don't care how many kids or how many old people dye, their allegiance is to the 1% & 2%rs
And when Obamacare implodes? Then what ? You preach hate and fear , shame on you
With Obama in charge the VA has let our true heroes die ...WHERE WAS YOUR MOUTH THE POCAHONTAS ???
Easy cupcake let's just read it after it passes and see what it entails.
You do not know what you are talking about. My insurance was $650/mo for fam.of 5. After ObamaCare it went to $1650 for $6500/yr deductable
your a joke
Obama care caused my cardiologist friend to lose his hospital job in WA.Could no longer afford meds. Stopped meds. Died. ACA killed him!
Go away
Obamacare already devastated Americans and you didn't care
Give them some of the 50 million dollars you have. Move them into your home. Walk the talk or shut up. You can donate your wealth. Equality?
You realize people die every day right? They'll die tomorrow, they died yesterday. They even died when obama was president.
Like Obamacare did to my son?
