Lizzy, your the one who made that possible! You took student loans away from banks and gave it to the federal government! HYPOCRITE!
Do you think the banks would be any help? They are worse.
YES worked well thru banks for 30 years without problem! But then Obumer and demorats wanted to control it! Govt can't run a lemonade stand
Insults won't solve anything. Banks went to hell before Obama during Bush admin. Why do you think everything came crashing down in 2008?
Banks were allowed to become investment Banks thanks to Bill Clinton! So banks got in big trouble as an investment bank and failed!
My student loan bal over $81K on original $25K principal. Int rate is 7.65%. Nelnet won't lower rate said it's "already been consolidated."
See post below. Try to go for the forgiveness thing. Best of luck to you.
Thnx. I am working on it. Took out loan b4 getting married and now they are including my husband's income, but not his financial obligations
She can't count that high.
#VteOutGOP #RESISTANCE
I hear she's currently working on a way to fit student loan holders with actual yokes.
It's about time someone of her talent takes control
She's a scum bag, plain and simple
Sen Warren does DeVos have money invested in Student loan compaines ?
I believe DeVos or her family owns one.
That's too much money for student loans! Need to eliminate this draw on our tax dollars!
The kind of responsibility that Elizabeth Warren is not up to
Terrifying when her goal is money and not students. Sigh.
Until we get Russia out of the White House none of our other fights mean anything we are now fighting Vladimir Putin not Donald Trump
And all that time as room mom for a private school prepared her.
Pocohantis good one to talk. LIAR
Ridiculous!
Why do I get so mad when I watch Betsy?  I just want to bang my head against the wall.  Or do something more physical and less gentle.
Watched a neat documentary how we got to the $1T debt. You guys should be ashamed, stop blaming this admin. Didn't you teach @Harvard?
For her ignorant ass it certainly is.
The country's 3rd largest debt
I  think
I owe more than $300k in student loans - the interest alone last month was more than $5k, more than I make in a month. #PSLF is my only hope
College educations must be free or very cheap it could be done online to help make it feasible.
Thank God Betsy's main goal is better education and is open to new ideas unlike the Dems that are only committed to a richer teachers union
The last  administration blew how much money ??
Wouldn't be if instructors weren't getting paid over $400k to teach one class, would it?
And thank God she has a responsibility and not you!!
happy Betsy controls it, I would bet if Betsy was a Dem you'd be cheering her on but prejudice against the Republican party  has you blinded
That she is unbelievably unqualified for. But than again, she bought her way in.
Wow, your right .
And scary!
That she is TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED FOR!!!
You talk of responsibilities you have lied and cheated your way through life !
How much does she rake in?
Maybe California should manage that money. Lmfao
She hasn't had time to purge the incompetents
BETSY will Rid the SYSTEM of Manipulators like YOU!  Finally!!! Thank God!!
It's run by incompetent bureaucrats.
So if she argues that schools need  compition why is she selling us on 1 bank. And why are my student loans more than a car loan
Students are being ripped off by these universities. It's not DeVos. You should be holding school admin accountable for massive fraud.
She is unqualified and it is a shame on the entire @GOP that she has this position.
I'd like to know if her qualification is just that she's filthy rich.
With no background or experience in education she'll sure put those $$ to work where she & her kind can profit.Kids don't count do they?
Yup, so what's your point? As a US Senator, and leader of the alt-left loonies, you control nothing but a small cocoon of loonie lefties.
I wish you'd be responsible for what comes out of your mouth
not gualified !
She has NO IDEA what her job is other than using her position for family gain. Just like Trump. We're in trouble.
That she has no business with. She isn't qualified to clean the blackboard.
YOU DEMOCRATS ALLOWED ELECTION FRAUD SINCE 1980. FUKUSHIMA & HANFORD NUCLEAR WASTE KILLING MILLIONS OF PEOPLE & OR OCEANS WTF ARE YOU DOING?
She is so underqualified. Plus she can't/won't answer yes/no questions,does not look out 4 gays,disabled or less fortunate. She is horrible!
And, we know she is not there because she is qualified.  Her credentials: She donated to Trump and her brother, Eric has Russian ties.
Maybe we should let @HillaryClinton be in charge of the money and see what happens. Read Clinton Cash
She must go at the same time Trump gets impeach
*Slush fund. Fixed that for ya.
SENATOR WARREN TO ADD UP TO MILLIONS ! OFFER THEM 1% REFINANCING SEE WHAT HAPPENS !
SENATOR WARREN A DOLLAR IS BUILT UP ON A PENNY AT A TIME A TRILLION DOLLARS CAN BE RECTIFIED BY ONE FAIR INTEREST LOAN AT A TIME TO ADD UP++
SENATOR WARREN  MRS DEVOS   WOULD YOU WANT YOURSELF ;OR YOUR CHILD TO BE ROBBED ?-  WHAT IF AFTER THE EDUCATION HE OR SHE CANT FIND A JOB?
SENATOR WARREN, IF I HAD TO PAY 10% OR 15  %  OR 26% I WOULD NOT TAKE THE LOAN!
Whats the matter E.W. afraid your native american heritage wont profit from it?
SENATOR WARREN  WHERE THERE'S A WILL THERE'S A WAY!
SENATOR WARREN I ALMOST GOT THEM ALL PAID ;I RESHUFFLE THEM ;AND IF I DON'T MAKE IT ON TIME I BORROW FROM MY BROTHERS ;OR FREINDS TO BUYTIME

Thanks captain obvious. How long did it take you to think up that gem?
SENATOR WARREN IVE HAD LOANS TROUGH THE YEARS ;MANY FOR A TIME6 MONTHS; 12MONTHS ;24 MONTHS; 5YEARS  ALL THOSE PIRIODS NO INTEREST I MADE ++
For which she has no qualifications.
The thought of that makes me shudder.
And one she cannot fathom.
How much of your Native American salary do you give to underprivileged children on the reservation
Yay today first day in who knows how long, that this thread isn't flooded with trolls harassing a great senator!
How much will go into DeVos own pocket USA's Gov is run like a third world country now.
She wouldnt know what a massive responsibility was if it donated $100MM to her camping and got a cabinet position out of it
and she WILL gut it so only kids born with silver spoons in their mouths like herself will be able to afford higher education.
You do this now?!?!? Where the HELL have you been for the last 8 years!?!?!?!?!...doing jack $hit ...
Govt should never have taken over that program.
Who controls the outstanding student loan DEBT! That people have abused thanks to the previous edu sec?? And crickets...
oh great.
That money will find its fair share to the pockets of Betsy's cronie billionaires. That 1% is laughing their asses off!
How much will the filthy woman funnel to her ALEC buddies before this is over?
I know Sen Warren you'll be making sure that DeVos doesn't hang our country's future leaders with a lifetime of debts IF YOU CAN! GREAT JOB
Right person for the job.
I wouldn't trust these trolls with a lemonade stand...
She'll do better than #Bernie's wife did at managing Burlington's funds.
He's Dizzy, why don't you investigate reasons for high college costs. Unionized maybe. Do some worthwhile!
College students owe ONE TRILLION $ to pay for degrees and you don't see a problem with THAT?  Universities have become bloated and corrupt
Too bad she's not responsible! Or ethical!!
And one she clearly does not understand
Well with the utter failure happening in education in Oklahoma, Betsy and the  Koch Bros. must be absolutely thrilled w/her responsibility.
you in the rust belt kissin' white bigot voters too?Btw.. by 2020 Black, Hispanics, Asian voters will be 52% of the electorate just sayin'
And she is totally incompetent to deal with that. She has NO education experience other than home-schooling her brats.
Big job for someone whose grasp of mathematics is tentative.
A massive responsibility is only if one's care.
I think she sees it as a massive opportunity instead.
You will be done when the media does its job and exposes your insider trading.  Getting rich off of others you should be ashamed
#notqualified
So?
Time to CLOSE all Bias DemoCrap Racist Illegal Univ & College until they can protect everybody's 1st Amendment!
Can you protect mine?
You ask a Ret Marine that joined so Liberals can legally act like Racist Idiots?
And talking on twitter will make things better.
Says the woman who is part of the problem. Lied on your resume. Lied to your students who way overpay you.
Which she isn't qualified to do! I believe she and her "Associates" will profit. Financially hurt students, be impossible to pay loans off!
Your a Indian lier or lying India I forget?
Nationalize student loan debt. Banks got a bailout what about out young adults? super simple stuff
and she is a shame to students of America. Protect every student
Hey sen. Pocahontas... devose is great. Warren,Pocahontas, r u a jihadists
Millions
Why haven't you submitted legislation to have 100% of student loan interest payments deductible?
Without someone who understands economics, the $1T will double. How much debt do you want students to go in?
Gee, maybe she should #privatize it #fauxcahontas ?
And one to which she is equally up to the task, Mam
She testified that she never handled a billion dollar bunch. How can she possibly hand this?

Heaven help us, our children, educators and future leaders.
Well, she's *supposed to* at least. Doubt she actually does, can, or will, beyond privatizing, which injures borrowers. Yay!
And one that we are terrified about!
We need lower interest rates! I am broke!
She also controls the education of millions of children. That should be the focus, not $$.
Education...? What education? U mean Facebook, Twitter & Utube?
And she has no business being in charge of it she's totally unqualified for her position
and sadly that isn't even the worst of our problems!
She won't be able to handle it !!
Isn't she trying to pawn that responsibility off on the Treasury dept?
thanks for the update chief
....and if MY @POTUS (and yours) says she can handle it..................SHE CAN!
