1/ I really love you - but this is complete Bull- shit.  Trade has lifted 1/3 of the world out of poverty. Progressives should embrace it.
How is it complete bullshit? The first imperative and duty of U.S. elected representatives is to the American people, not 'the world'.
Protectionism does not work... shrinks the economy, causes massive inflation.
Staying out in the Sun for too long also causes heat-stroke, dehydration etc. So what?
I really get that workers have been hurt. The problem is not Trade. It is that the agreements have not done enough to help those workers.
Ok, and which part of Warren's tweet indicated that she thought it was trade, per se, that was the culprit?
It is the framing of all Trade agreements as bad.  Pulling out of TPP is now a lost opportunity.
But HRC called it the gold standard and toured the country saying how great it was and Bill was a genius
What's your point? Isn't it obvious that there's a battle inside the Democratic Party over precisely such matters/issues?
Point is she supported NAFTA with HRC during campaign and now she says it doesnt work. same thing Trump said during campaign
That'll be on her conscience forever. Trump's analysis and explanation and Warren's are orthogonal. We are not dumb, or I hope we're not.
I am afraid everything is so political that nothing will get done. Cant be seen working with Trump. Schumer has screwed our party
The only people who see anyone saying NAFTA does not work for American workers as "working with Trump" are people who do not have a clue.
Why not? Be specific.
Were the unionized blue-collar workers in U.S. manufacturing in the post -WWII era "more educated" than their counterparts everywhere else?
@GrkStav Possibly, they were better educated, but certainly they were more productive. Now, the rest of the world has caught up.
Why were they more productive? Do you have any idea?
Helps one "compete" that, doesn't it? Also, all the Western allies in major debt to the US ofiicially and privately.
Give President Trump credit for pointing that fact out 2 years ago.
lol...The guy who's shit is made in China?
It also depresses wages for Mexican workers
And the Democrats knew that under Clinton
Sit down Pocahontas
You write that and you get a standing ovation.  I write that and everybody wants to (CENSORED) me in the (CENSORED)!
Something we finally agree on
Wrong Pocahontas.

Hey look!  Two of the biggest charitable givers to cancer research and treatment in America.
You need to talk to farm states about NAFTA. It's very important. You to think of everybody.
Then fix it
And yet it was Clinton who passed it and Obama had 8 years to fix, nothing done! Now point the finger at other party!! Trump sucks, but playing politics still doesn’t solve the problem! Stop the rhetoric and do something!
No kidding brainwashed @realDonaldTrump been saying that all this time and you Dems ridiculed him
Wow?!  Please elaborate.
Quite likely @SenWarren it doesn't benefit Canadian or Mexican workers either. It will more than likely benefit multinational Corporations.
Ofcourse it doesn't work. Why aren't you working with the President to repeal it ?
Did you just realize that. Trump has been saying that forever.
not in the least.
What does that even mean? Turn your collar down and explain yourself.
NAFTA was coined when email was new & products were made by hands. It needs revision to keep up w the times like much other econ legislation
NAFTA has always been a Republican idea of free market pushed by the Heritage Foundation and started under Pres. Reagan. Too late now.
Simply making NAFTA the boogeyman w/o also acknowledging its good is simplistic slogan. I respect you &expect better.No trade war, isolation
You are a serious sellout
That is almost verbatim What Donald Trump said about NAFTA. ELIZABETH WARREN IS NORMALIZING FASCISM
Wait, what? You cannot possibly be serious.
I know, right? Crazy. Trump said the same exact thing, citing cases in industrial cities. Warren is backing Drumpfs agenda
No, she's not. It is a preposterous claim.
So you're okay with fascism as well?
Duh!! Your party thought so at one time!! Amazing!!
The problem for American workers is technology - you may as well let low paid workers have jobs until it replaces them too
Is that right Pocahontas. You need to get off that fire water.
It doesn't work for America. Can't have free trade with countries that have less wages, taxes, regulations, and crippling unions like the US
OMG !!!  You actually agree with "The Donald ?!"
And you discovered this when, Lizzie?
Trump talking shit n then waits for someone to do something to so he can take credit
You go wherever the wind blows.
Gift from Pres Clinton w/Dem controlled House & Senate. 23 yrs...and just NOW realizing it doesn’t work? Fundamental Problem is CAREER POLS!
Ur words are to late. Where were they when O was in office?
Have you secretly been listening to @realDonaldTrump.  I have to admit, it's a good look on you.
So why not work with @POTUS to solve problem?
Shut up Pocahontas...you're part of the problem!! You helped pass it! Hypocrite
You've been in Washington how long? Catch on quick I see. Now do something.
Finally starting to catch on, U are amazingly slow but better late then never No NAFTA doesnt wrk for US works but POTUS will make it right!
I can't agree with you on this one, Senator. I'd love to see what data you have to support your position.
It took 20 years, we gotta fix this , whole towns have died
No shit Sherlock- that's why @realDonaldTrump got elected @greggutfeld @TheFive
Get rid of nafta
Seen Warren, you are right on many issues but on this one you're dead wrong. NAFTA works.
Did you just say that?  My sista from anotha mista!
Finally you hit on something we agree on!
Why haven't U been saying that for years?? U just now realizing. Guess u will support trump ending it, right???
American service sector is not competitive. ban family planning nd increase birth rate. per unit cost will go down in 20 years.
Sounds like an agreement with POTUS!
Look who just woke up!   Duhhhh
Wow, you agree with Trump, Pocahontas? !
Blame Bill Clinton for NAFTA.
Finally it took Trump to make you realize that.
Holy cow! You're dealing with the Donald!? Are you going to come to the center lady?
You mean Bill-Hill sold out their voters big time as soon as they gained office?
Neither do Democrats.
Do tell Pocahontas, how would you know this?
Thank you @SenWarren, you are a politician of either party who is finally making sense
Dummy!!!
No shit, but Democrat President Clinton created this unfair middle class killer. I was part of project closed two US plants, moved to Mexico
Mr. Warren, unless you have a solution, I would be careful rocking the boat.
Then why did you vote for it..?
Now you say this.  But for 20 years it was Fuck us.
#FlipFlop
Holy sh.t you just realized that? No wonder people are voting you out one by one! Congrats sleeping beauty
What are you done resisting.
Yeah , Trump brought it up2015
You're abt 2 years late
In believe if your going to sell anything in a country. 100% of that production should be in the country you sell it in. More efficient
So repeal and replace? Or just repeal?
And companies. Again you're wrong. Low income labor is BS because many companies increase hours to co plate the job. You need to learn more
Then why do the Democrats fight the President on it and other issues that help American workers?
Neither do you! You've left them hanging in your home state whilst you traveled! @DiehlForSenate
Oh bullshit.  Protectionist trade policies are much worse.
Did trump take over your Twitter?
Like the only thing you’ve said all year that makes any sense. Did you take the Red pill this morning?
It's not intended for American workers roght. It's intended for the whole One Global Government movement right?
I'd be careful what you say. Clinton did sign it. You don't want to make Hillary mad.
You help pass it under democratic presidency. #wishywashy
We have seen the only thing that grow on ol billy was his wallet and the list of women he raped.
Its what you dumbocrats wanted 20 years ago. Good ol Bill "I will f%÷* anything" Clinton told us how it would help us grow as a country.....
Wow. Did you have lunch with POTUS? 
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA
NAFTA change under Clintons was abrupt, life-changing, future-altering for workers & families. Effects dismissed, untempered by nat policy.
Like your liberal wackos do! You shut down coal mines pipelines oil industry over regulate trucking industry really you're for jobs
Yes it does. It isn't perfect but nothing is. Trade agreements provide countless but broad & diffuse benefits for every worker & consumer.
Hello clueless. @Potus has been saying this for more than a year. You’re a little late to the game. Go hide in your Teepee 
Really? That's a government narrative untrue. Per Ball State: 88% of job lost went to efficiency factors/automation http://conexus.cberdata.org/files/MfgReality.pdf …
There is your clue of how to beat the other party. Know the facts of how society is changing and present the truth. http://conexus.cberdata.org/files/MfgReality.pdf …
Thanks Trump
I think very highly of you, but why in the hell would you want that ignorant child messing with something so important?
Or Canadians according to Trudeau.
Wow you're actually making sense did you take your meds today thank God keep making sense and you might just stay in office
Why are so many of your Socialist friends against what he wants to do?
@TheDemocrats didn’t work past 8 years
That is a disingenuous statement. Many American workers have benefited from NAFTA. It's had negative effects on others.
PLEASE do something about @Equifax words are not enough. We need action now!
It doesn't work because America doesn't pay their workers a living wage and try's to defeat unions. How very 19th century
Because the $200k house being built would cost $300k by union workers? Nobody wants to pay that. Coming from an ex member of carpenters 444
If you were making Union wages the extra 150 a month you'd  pay on a 15yr mortgage probably wouldn't matter that much.
If everybody in the world was making union wages, everything we consume would go up in price proportionately.
Or, the Unions wouldn't have let the worker to ownership disproportionate compensation get so out of whack and the prices would be same
Supply & demand determined prices. If everybody makes $100-$150 per hour, houses won't be offered at $300k because people will pay $750k
You're being purposely obtuse. Prices rose a much slower rate than the income gap. There is direct correlation to declining U. Membership
Or Canada  for that matter they can’t compete with our low wages.
Every solid agreement has give and take.  If our friends south of the border expect to receive and not give, agreements will never happen.
Dean Martin sang it best.
Finally you & the President agree on something @SenWarren
No no NO! We must make the 3rd world prosperous and re-distribute first world wealth. Open borders and trade deals is the path!
That's what Ross Perot said. No one listened to him either.
Any treaty that allows or encourages companies to build overseas for sale in America’s markets is bad for American workers. Fix that.
NOW you’re realizing this? AND using the same language as POTUS? Been sipping the cooking wine again I see...
Elizabeth, you are right on almost everything. On this one you need to fact check.  Luv ya!
Finally you woke up. Or are you just following POTUS message for political points?
So u do agree with ur @POTUS
How did it take you realize that?
You don't say. We all know it mean higher profits and bonuses for the Executives. A Democrat signed it into law.
what would you change?
wow! profound thought here.
Then why have you supported it for years? Why have you voted for free trade bills? You're a hypocrite.
so you actually agree with POTUS on something
So work for yourself
Wow so you agree w\ the President!
Who is this?
You sound like Trump! Is it really NAFTA or is it robots? http://perkurowski.blogspot.ca/2017/02/here-some-disorderly-lose-cannon.html …
So now you agree with Trump, but he is still wrong because...but you were fine with NAFTA when there was a different President.
Duh, POTUS has been saying that for years
How so? 
Deregulation screwed up America
Canadians kept their part of the bargain. Rust belt businesses ran down to Mexico.  Who's fault is that? Dems hamstrung selves w/GM bailout
We do many, many things for workers! More than Failing Obama! What has he done lately?! And we get the best ratings! Bigly! #MAGA
Perhaps you haven't noticed but Obama is no longer the president 
So that's why I can't stop smiling
?????? Suddenly DEMs don't like nafta????
Free trade agreements NEVER do!!
What about Unity/getting along with our neighbor countries?
What, specifically, doesn't work?
Why, specifically?
Miss. Warren you are looking at dollar sign & employment NO. If AAPL sells Mexico PC then Mex sells us Avocados,  it is good trade.
And you'd fight Trump on any changes he suggested, regardless if they were beneficial or not. You pandering hack.
Would that be South American or Central American?
Wow! One day Pocahontas is clamoring over single payer, the next she gives a shit about America's workers. Been studying Trump, eh?
Maybe worried about @va_shiva
She very well should be...
Really Pocahontas?  Where have I heard that before?  Could it be because it's a shitty deal?
That's the smartest thing I've ever heard you say.
...You are not going to take it further and suggest that somehow Canada and Mexico strong-armed the US into signing NAFTA, are you?
stupid Americans agreed to a stupid deal.
So good at stating the obvious
SENATOR THEN UNITE WITH THE PRESIDENT IN HIS EFFORTS TO FIX THIS !OR GET A NEW AGREEMENT!
The mango moron doesnt want to fix anything he just wants to help his wealthy friends
Canadians either. It's about the bosses/owners.
Being caught on the wrong side of history means you agree with trying 2 ease it. The difference between common sense & stupidity N your case
where are you on the disaster of Puerto Rico? Americans are dying and no one is doing anything.  Where is the military.  Nafta can wait.
Amen! people are desperate for help and this idiot of a president is obsessed with the NFL 
Common sense!
Did you hit your head? You are finally making sense?
How high a tariff should Mexico charge on Iowa corn? Or John Deere tractors? Or wind power generators? Or Raytheon cockpit displays?
Does it work for the workers of any one of the signatories thereof?
Oh works for GOP. Americans have to work for low wages & 2 jobs just to keep head above water. Fascism!
Respectfully Senator, I don't think you can just legislate away globalization. This is soundbite material not real policy.
Oh please. As if "globalization" was a 'natural phenomenon' and not the result of a series of political domestic and foreign policy choices.
It's not a natural phenomenon for companies to look to cut costs by cutting labor costs? Ok, then. Keep hoping and dreaming I guess.
Oh, be quiet with that nonsense. You cannot explain variation based on a constant. Maybe u were born last night, but I sure as heck wasn't.
And the problem with Obama care is it doesn't work for American families
Except for those for which it actually works, right?
My disabled son had great care before Obamacare.  Since able bodied people get Medicaid his care he's been delayed or denied.  Shameful
So, Obamacare has been bad for YOUR family, not American families in general. You understand the difference, right?
For 27 years I have been involved with the disabled community and see the disgrscefull results of Obama care.  How about you?
I have not. I already conceded that your complaints are valid and real. I added that Medicare 4 All would alleviate all or most of them.
Wow you agree with @POTUS
The ones Trump made promises too?!
Senator, I disagree on one point. We were expected 2 retrain our wkrs 4 the new jobs & didn't, instead we now bring in H1Bs, less expense.
Which new jobs?
tech industry has been importing H1Bs 4 all levels of tech work since  Reagan opened the door to them. High paying jobs, some training reqd.
NAFTA, thanks to your fellow democrat Bill Clinton.
Yes, even though it was negotiated before Clinton. And even though if was approved over the strenuous objections of many Democrats.
Funny in Canada we think you guys got the deal. Perspective huh.
her knowledge of how NAFTA works is underwhelming...just like Trump
And for Mexicans and Canadians. And, based on this excellent precedent we Europeans just signed CETA that we know it will not work as well
It never has. It was a calculated scam by the DLC . I didn't FORGIVE it either !!
Gee, now you sound like President Trump !
Only to someone who has not a single clue about how to comprehend and evaluate written statements.
What are the ways it can be fixed if fixing is even possible
Is this an imposter? Did she just say that?
We Need Help Preparing for NUCLEAR WAR. .Where Are The Shelters.? ..Where Do We Go After Radiation Exposure If We Survive ?..We Need To Know
don't worry. The elites know where to go when the shit goes down. I heard the backup gvmnt has already been in shelters since NK started
The trump train is on a collision course with mueller, not to mention it's being operated by a moron!  Let the man go back to  maga
I wish it was just something I tell myself but every time he opens his mouth, he's a disgrace! Betcha u know PR was in an ocean
Well yes.  This is the giant "sucking sound" that Ross Perot correctly predicted and big corporations don't want this fixed. @SenateDems
or Mexicans working in deplorable conditions making crap for us to consume
Skip the "American" part, and this is right. It's been great for corporate profits
Could slam u for this, but just gonna say Agreed.
Uh, yes it does.
OMG! She gets it!
This is demonstrably false
It is? How so?
 PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN SAYING THAT
That's a lovely soundbite, care to elaborate?
Isn't that what POTUS said?
check out where his clothes are made
With unions, who would care but they are too good for workers and not good for the corporate heads, so yeah.
The Canada/US trade relationship seems on even grounds…
If you're a consumer from the US. You get your product tax free buying from Canada. Canadians get charged PST & GST buying from the U.S.
So help Trump.
The explanation matters, as does the proposed set of solutions.
you say.
Hahahahaha
Lol, but you voted for Nafta.
You dope, she wasn't in the Senate in 1994!
Must have been Obama then 
Didn’t you support it ?
