Hihowareya, hihowareya.
And I'm launching Fauxcohontas Watch.
Your micro-aggression is not welcome here
Why don't you oversee the murder of Seth rich by DNC OPERATIVES
If Sharon Tate's parents asked the cops to stop investigating their child's murder should the cops have listened?
Why don't you just do your job Pocahontas ! Schools have failed under The DemocRats. Time for Change!
You are wrong....No Child Left Behind under BUSH has been the worst thing in my 21 year career. We still haven't recovered from that.
Like I said, a time for change.  Teachers Unions have to be the first thing to go.
They should get paid for performance not tenure. Trump will drain the educational swamp too!!
My home town of Detroit is a good example of failed DemocRat policies! DemocRats use my city to breed dependent voters. Evil!!
VICTIM 
Not at all.
How much does @BetsyDeVosED get paid?
A lot less then The fake Indian is making off of us taxpayers
You need to be held accountable.
Thank You Senator Warren. Let's not forget about all the other trash happening behind our backs...
@maddow @chrislhayes
#FakeNewsAwards #WeThePeople #GreatAwakening #America #QAnon #PedoGate
Honest to God, why are you not running for president? Seriously. 2020. Get it in.
Before that can happen, we have to find a way to combat the 24/7 Russian disinfo propaganda smear machine! The alt-right run w/it
I call BULLSHIT to ALT-RIGHT.  CALL IT WHAT IT IS  NAZISM!!!
Just call it as alt Reich. That's the most apt.

Hello robot.
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN. I’m in! I will spread the word. This is a much needed oversight.
#ScienceDenier Wants to maintain status quo. Lower rankings. Mor e money. In bed with big business education $1.3Trillon.
Who holds you accountable? Fraud.

Please run for president next election.  I'm not joking at all.
Should do some research on the DeVos'...  they're really scummy
Has anyone ever held you accountable for faking an  ethnic minority status #Fauxcahontus ?
Betsy Devos is perfect!!!! YOU are owing to the UNIONS.  Be honest, what have they donated to u
I owe more than $300k in student loans - the interest alone last month was more than $5k, more than I make in a month. #PSLF is my only hope
$500K for one speach to big business education would go a long way toward real education
Thanks for voting for BetsyDeVosEd.  #Innercitiesloveschoolshoice #suburbanunionteachers are urban carpetbaggers.
In response Betsy has started new oversight effort to hold Pocahontas accountable.
Vote for disruptive innovation. #KhanAcademy?
Talk to the families in Holland MI who were screwed over by Betsy's little school choice experiments! She effed up her own hometown!
As a Michigan resident I'm so glad you're doing this. I know all about BetsyDevoss and what she is up to. I believe the only reason she was>
Good. And who has been accountable for the failures of the department of education for the last 8 years?
Time to launch a  Lizzy watch! A new oversight effort to hold Lizzy accountable! Her repeated obstructionist actions are treasonous!
You got a lot of nerve considering all the crap you've pulled. Get off your high horse Pocahantas
Yes please, I am really worried about her idea that we should use our federal dollars and just GIVE it to religious schools.
Thank you Senator Warren glad someone's paying attention. Our kids will benefit.
Does H.R. Res 57 state no ESSA? My state has been working on it.  Is it now considered a waste of time as DeVos wants her Detroit  template?
Thank you senator Warren! Betsy is not the right person for the job.
Usa current policy's on edu, healthcare , climate change is PROFIT ABOVE ALL ELES
I thank you as one more educator concerned about what #DeVos did to #Michigan & is trying to do to our country. #DeVosWatch #education
She has not put students ahead! My student loans went up!
Thank you Sen Warren, I cant watch the whole video because It makes me sick to my stomach

Yawn. How about focusing on Islamic Terrorism?
Thank you.
I love Sen. Warren. 
I wish you were MY Senator.
I wish you were STILL an Okie, by the way - but then you'd probably not get elected.
xoxo
Great news
Why aren't you working on our healthcare instead of personally attacking another woman? Jealous??
Who will hold you accountable?
Thank you!
Thank you
@arizona_sos has a volunteer army collecting 150k signatures to toss out DeVos vouchers! AZ is the testing ground- moms/tchrs are saying NO!
I'm launching #Warrenwatch that way we will know if you tell any more lies. Especially about being Native American. Hahaha #MAGA
DeVos is out to destroy America school by school. Thank you for your efforts to stop her, Elizabeth Warren.
All part of Bannon's plan. A rot from the inside. The very fabric of our country is being unraveled and lit on fire.
Get your own eyes check and how is Russia watch going? Still no solid proof, kinda like your Indian heritage
Yes!!!
Ahhh taxpayer money being wasted with this silly watch
Great idea. Thank you. If each Senator did the same with trump appointees we'd feel better!
As a retired teacher, I have both the time and passion to help in this worthy effort.

Please count me in.

#DeVosWatch
@arizona_sos has a volunteer army collecting 150k signatures to toss out DeVos vouchers! AZ is the testing ground- moms/tchrs are saying NO!
Get lost Warren
Thank you Senator Warren!
We have to start tracking u and holding u accountable for all ur lies
Thank you . What a great idea. #resist
when DeVos' name was put forth by Trump team as Sec'ty of Ed. - I fell out of my chair. With all the opposition, there she is...WATCH HER !
Let's support Sen Warren in this much needed effort!
@grandmainct @BetsyDeVosED @usedgov the rest of US are on lookout for the real "Pocahontas" so if you run into her $ laundering $
What about all your speaking fees, insults to American Indians? You need to be not only out of public office I'm donating to make sure of it
That's right... we can WATCH @BetsyDeVosED clean up the mess in the student loan program you and Obama created! How HATEFUL U R @SenWarren!
You are one sick puppy!Why don't you try to help America stop trying to destroy it! You are not the Chief Indian 
What a leader you are!   Not!  #shutupLiz
Thank you, Senator Warren!
Thank you, @SenWarren for working FOR students and borrowers. @BetsyDeVos needs to be held accountable for her actions at @usedgov.
Pay back your loans. No one made you take them out. American taxpayers didn't cosign for you. Otherwise you are stealing
It's great that you will be "watching"!   Maybe you will even learn something!
And maybe you can write a 3rd book on you findings!   #DumpWarren
All this is is a hate for God. You scared of what she will do as a Christina & and you'd rather see her gone. Same for Trump. God 
Our public education delivers a poor result. Perhaps there is a better way! My volunteer experience finds that  many can not read @ HS level
Why don't you ppl quit talking and start getting things done. You are all out we need doers not talkers!
Elizabeth....get her and her filthy family out of our government! Love you!
Thank you!
Yes, because teachers have done such a great job educating our youth that they can move on to being snitches for the goverment.  Hehe.
Okay, thanks, girlfriend!
Thank You! Somebody needs to watch her like a hawk. Trustworthy? Not. Competent? Not. Perfect to have your eyes  Senator Warren on her.
Thank You!
Love it ! Great idea #DeVosWatch
EW ... Will be judged 'ONE OF THE UNFORGIVEN' by the Indian Nations and God Himself.
Thank you for doing this, we need to keep a close eye on this political appointee who is a lobbyist.
#BetsyDeVos Another #unfit #deplorable #sellingoutamerica
Thank you so much, Senator. What is the best way to keep up with #DeVosWatch?
Dear Senator, the attacks on Betsy DeVos are unacceptable.
Thank you Senator Warren, you RocK!
Wheres the watch on you liawatha
Thank you @SenWarren for caring about our children!!!
No one cares what you think. Screw socialism
The self-promotion is sickening. No shame, no honor, no honesty and no integrity.
Thank you Senator!
Who's going to start a Pocahontas watch?
Thank you
What we need is oversight of Debbie Wasserman-Shultz's interference in the criminal investigation of the IT spies who managed Cong network.
Accountability also means Ms Warren tells the truth.  FACT Check makes her a liar.
LIZ,  Let Ms DeVoz  do her job.  Are you going  nuts?  All you do is complain.
I stand with @SenWarren #DeVosWatch
Thank you, Senator Warren. The education of our children is way too important to be undercut by Mrs. DeVos.
Keep rattling those cages, @SenWarren.
Thank you, senator!!
Billionaires are not above the law. Shady Devos gotta go. Whole administration is a cesspool! Drain it!!
Oooooh Elizabeth, I love and adore you! You are my hero!
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up for students!!!!
Progressive academia in collusion with democrat policies 50+ years of poor custodianship and now you claim you want to fix it? Priceless
We need to take-out The D.C. TRASH, first.
Clean-house!
IMPEACHMENT NOW!
Thank you!!!
I'm in. Thank you Senator Warren. You really do need to run for president. I imagine a politician to be proud of and that's you and Bernie.
@SenWarren, perhaps at some point you could try actually doing your job and legislating, "Senator".
Thank you, Senator Warren...for actually doing your job! 
#LoveULiz
Paranoid lizzy?
Thank you Senator Warren. Devos is perhaps one of the greatest enemies, of the United States, at this moment in time. National Security risk
@Christine4Wake @JessicaHolmesNC @SigHutchinson @clairecmc @brendaclearync Thank you for launching #DeVosWatch! Our students matter!!
Thank you Sen. Warren!
DeVos~~the biggest Dimbulb in education
Great idea! Thank you!
Gee lyin liz. When are you going to work with people ??
trump ready to destroy the environment.. screw Betsy..
Go get her.  She is an affront to the 'populism' Trump espouses
@mcspocky @BetsyDeVosED @usedgov thank you!!!
There should be an oversight effort for each & every single Tramp admin. scum member.
Do not run for president warren.   And don't you dare support GOP listener Bernie sanders. And ditch joe Biden too.  He left the wh a coward
I bet Warren thinks highly of Robert Owen.
hey pocohanas, you still smoking that peace pipe I see! U one crazy squaw!
Perhaps u can insure she don't allow someone to claim to be of a ethnicity that they aren't in order to receive a public benefit #Pocahontas
The long term objective is $$$ using for $ charter schools & destroying pub schools to keep the lower / lower middle class poorly educated
That's why the public school scores have gone down on a regular basis since Core curriculum and no child left behind
Please! You and your ilk seem to think you have a monopoly on common sense...Haven't you and the Jackass Party screwed up enough? Sickening!
Reap It @BetsyDeVosED @usedgov
Of course you are...cuz your popularity is waning and you know odds are you are out in 2018. Anything to try to stay relevant.
Thank you I'm watching with you !! Please keep up the good work.
Failing schools and brainwashed students.That's the socialist way. Indoctrinate them early so you can control them later in life. We know U
Thank you @SenWarren
You should be held accountable Indian giver...Ohhh.. Your not Indian  LIAR.. Oversight of dems in government should be a priority. Sabateurs
I can't believe she got the job
This is GREAT! Thank you Senator Warren.
The left has gone completely mad. Can you imagine if the right said resist to everything Obama did? I can we would have been called racist.
You are a HACK! You don't care about the kids. Your whole life is about lining your pockets Go away!
Massachusetts need 2 keep eye on you, HYPOCRITE.  U C nothing wrong in  lying about ethnicity 2 teach Harvard then charge $250,000 to do so.
Lotsa trollbots here today.
Keep up your great work, we need you!!!
Who is holding you accountable Fauxcahontas?
The only time Warren cared about education is when she used her fake Indian heritage to her advantage at Harvard. Shameful hussy.
This is why I love @SenWarren
And who is holding you ACCOUNTABLE SENATOR? Who is paying for your programs senator?
DeVos may be the only person in DC to be even less qualified to do their job than Trump. Only there because she's a mega donor.
Guess the billions Mr. Duncan spent foolishly was ok with you. Where was the oversight then
Please senator, you're our only hope... in 2020
You have one hell of a nerve Warren, all you have been doing is mudding up the water and producing nothing.
Why don't you work on health care
Stop wasting tax payer dollar on all the witch hunts just because your candidate lost. Start doing your job without being a sore loser.
Hey Fauxcohontas, why don't you try doing the job that you were elected for ? Feel so sorry for your constituents.
Well of course the dems want to keep their propaganda in schools. We do not want government controlling our kid's mind 8 hrs a day. Go away
It's time to hold you & the Dems accountable as well! Blocking everything our @POTUS does it not right.
Warren-Harris 2020!
WE CAN NOW SEND OUR CHILDREN TO UPSCALE SCHOOLS RATHER THAN KEEP US OUT 
This women works the enemy!.
She WORKS FOR the clinton cartel
Pocahontas.
