If they don't 'speak up' it's because they want it... it's called 'Democracy in action', support it.
I am an RN with a background in trauma. I would LOVE to spell it out, exactly how the Trump plan will affect Jane & John Does of all ages.
If the Amercan Medical Association & scores of others have issued warnings regarding wrongful deaths that would result, is there liability?
A Country w/OUT HealthCARE is a SICK Country!
Health insurance CEOs speak through the ACA and AHCA and the senate bill. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
ACA is dead has been since passing it without reading it. Fines Americans for not getting gov. Insurance very Nazi like of you fake Indian
We the people demand you take the #ancentrytest
Speaking of lying, have you taken the ancestry DNA test yet. If you are Native American I have a great Indian name for you. "Crazy Bitch".
#taketheDNATEST
Bama care is shameful.  Tell the people the truth about this poor example of insurance.
30 million FORCED to sign up for health insurance under Obama Be Free Again Repesl Obamacare
Wait, I thought you said this bill would help CEO's? If true why are you expecting them to speak up against it?
U dumbs could barley pass Obama care. if u want it done show Your ideas that are better. Orrr is this the way to plan to be POTUS. All talk!
You all need to understand no one can afford Obamacare. I refuse to have it just like the DNA test.
if only you where made to use obamacare but we know you didn't.Why didn't you read it before you voted on it.Why wasn't the republicans vote
Is that.@SenSchumer with his arm up your arse, moving your lips.
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
Pls rt- In the blink of an  your life can change! Call your Senators to oppose #BCRA & save #Medicaid
LOL VIDEO : Trump on Fake News Media "I’m President and They’re Not" http://truthfeed.com/lol-video-trump-on-fake-news-media-im-president-and-theyre-not/87260/ … via @truthfeednews
Maybe politicians should actually write bills that benefit citizens and not their donors.
Well said and happy you posted!  Republicans can take a hike!  Vote the out!
You fake Indian! You are a Marxist!
They cannot fib as they are leading publicly traded companies.  You are the only ones that can fib and what a job you do fibbing!!!
People will die!!!! 
#shutupLiz #hypocrit
Hey Warren, why don't u tell everybody how pathetic it is to kill 1.8 million babies. Dems have killed more innocent children than ISIS
did you play the Log Lady on Twin Peaks back in the 90s?
shameful was obamacare that the middle class could not afford.But then democrats could care less about us.No taxes in this like obamacare
Shameful socialist can't add or subtract wants to destroy America
Maybe the Senate shouldn't go on vacation until they finish up their chores? Do you politicians work? Campaign for money then vacation. WTF
Dear Sen Warren, I know you do nothing per the media but I don't trust any media. What is it that you do! I live in Ma .
Can't be any worse than Obamacare you slackjawed fraud
U would prefer #PlannedParenthood where big  selling baby organs? Why hrc pushed late abortions $$$  https://www.youtube.com/embed/Xh2ggR1nR1c … @IvankaTrump

Your healthcare laws have FAILED MISERABLY OVER THE LAST 6-8 YEARS, NOW YOUR CLAIMING YOU HAVE A BETTER IDEA? You can start by being cordial
You dont have a clue what your talking about FAKE INDIAN
CEO salaries may rise thanks to repub bills. Why would they speak up?
GET THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY TO SPEAK OUT! AMA, AARP, HOSPITALS!!! GOING TO REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACING IF THIS DOESN'T PASS!! SICK!!! KILLERS!!
When are you giving up a kidney?  Understand you have already given up a frontal lob of brain.
You're insane , what's it like to be afraid, angry and have the naïveté of a child all the time?
Get Universal healthcare B4 anyone gets Universal tax cuts #slogan
The only legitimate reason to fight the Healhcare system Dems put into place is Pres, Congress, SCOTUS, Fed Empl are NOT IN the plan.
Sen Warren: when America military veterans were dying under the VA healthcare system, you didn't fight to improve healthcare for them. U POS
Warren is a joke! Democrat party is apparently finished.
Why does goofy (bloody warren) want to steal healthcare from americans and give it to illegal aliens
Please run!!!!! #Warren2020
seriously
Democrat senates are in wrong way. Instead trying to convince people to say no, try to convince them to hold a #refrandom for#healthcare.
There Schumer standing behind her! He reminds and looks like the evil Joker from the batman movie! He's so corrupt! Unbelievable!!!
Elizabeth Warren is part of the swamp that needs to be drained! She just another flip flopper libtard!
I see you switched your fake Russia rhetoric to fake Healthcare rhetoric! I am sure failing CNN will be happy to post your lies for you
Why would they want to
You are LYING Pocahontas. Medicaid is NOT being cut
If the GOP pass this garbage ADC & don't protect our rights & don't protect Social Sec. their will not be civil unrest, but civil war!
And you don't intend to vote for #KatesLaw where ILLEGALS are MURDERING Americans yet you complain fixing failing Obamacare will. So sick!
All of our gov't officials, state and federal should have to be enrolled in whatever the health care law is.
The CEOs is for nobody but there self
You mean the same way the majority of the insurance companies dropped out of Obama care...CEO want Obamacare gone!
Can you see the difference between Libby frothing over the rock, and Trump meeting with top CEOs to bring jobs back.
if you like your Medicine Man (Doctor) you can keep him..save $2500 /yr per tepee family. Etc. ACA is a failure own it and help replace it
How are we supposed to know who is lying and who is telling the truth???
Jonathan Gruber an architect of Obamacare said they depended on the stupidity of American people to get Ocare. Not 1 Republican voted for it
What part of Obamacare is affordable? It costs me $1,000.00 a month. It is catastrophic insurance. Prior to ocare it cost $320. 6 months

Who hath a harder battle to fight than he who striveth for self-mastery?
Why believe a liar?
Health care belongs to people we need to stand up for fundamental human right
Now you're calling @POTUS a liar? I think you have a serious mental malfunction and need anger management treatment. You're way off kilter
appreciation. You should be more patient and respectful towards your Masters. Oh darn! I ruined the illusion.
You should be hasty. Corporations contribute to your re-election campaign, offer substantial fees for public speaking, plus miscellaneous
Shameful?? Lol, It is just Obamacare with a different title.
I hope you run in 2020
liz, you are a multi-millionaire hypocrite living off the govt taxpayer dime. give up your healthcare and start paying for it like we do
Hasn't anyone figured out if we pay double or more for premiums that huge $$ amount can't be spent on other things? What happens to economy?
Compared to the ACA how shameful is it?
Come on Elizabeth! Get in there and fight fight fight! Can't let this happen to 24 million people! Counting on you and others!
please stop  were tired of your posturing for fake hate news look around it is not working
Middle America is so sick of political BS, we are starting to see through your lies and deception. Let's see some term limit laws instead.
Confused: one minute its not a repeal of obamacare next it's a shameful bill .. I guess obamacare was a shameful, mean hateful bill
They are scared they will lose million for their bonus
Speaking of lying to their faces, you're Native American?
Sen Warren, if u wanted to sell ppl on government run healthcare, you shld have done a better job taking care of Veterans the past 8 years!!
Still grandstanding? When do you work? What have you accomplished? Never and nothing. Can't wait to vote you out of office.
It does not matter,neither party listens to us,it's like we are invisible, and we are just a useful commodity when need of a victim.#Resist
What is your fix ? You seem to just want to attack without offering up a solution . Your dealing with MY health care, not yours
Let Obamacare implode then will see what happens next
If this bill is shameful, what's HC that doesn't provide usable coverage & only allows Dems 2 boast abt how many new ppl they signed up?
YOU want single-payer. When the Government controls your care, they control if you live or die. Let that sink in.
Went to Union Hall walls were full of Republican banners. Bye bye base
You need to stop obstructing and negotiate!!
I am Am India. We R not voting Democrat anymore. U can not lie 2your people we know the truth
Since when did CEOs think of anything but their own corporate profits?
Why is US Congress opted out of the awful health care law that ruined my health care & made health insurance suffocatingly unaffordable 4 me
Just let them do what they want at this point. If the bill was so great, trump woulnd't need to have a Campaign Fundraiser 3 years ahead.
Goofy doesnt care about real workers that have had thier premiums double.  Let obama care die completely

.
Goofy would give health care to illegal aleins before americans
Please continue to wag your tongue #Pocahontas.  Your non-stop nannystate wheezing isn't changing anyone's minds.  So #Shrill #FakeIndian
I am convinced that the real Russian operatives are you, Bernie Sanders, and Chuckles Schummer!!!
Where's your bud, Bern?
You should have been more vocal before letting the ACA take my good real insurance away!
REPEAL Obamacare it is destroying American lives
REALITY CHECK: The Simple GOP Health Care Equation:
Lower Taxes For Very Wealthy = Little To No Health Ins. For Rest of America
Again off her reservation..Oh wait that was fake..All I hear is Socialism..let govt control you.. She is quoting article she wrote Wow! FAKE
Trumps supporters celebrating babies born with cancer or any precondition off of Medicaid because it came from the black President.
I say F trumps supporters let them lose they healthcare bunch racist deplorable
The CEOs was out their lobbying for this bill
Buy Ins
Co Ins incentive
SSA 4 handicap
Prog 4 elderly not SSA
Temp Prog 4 unemployed
NO MORE FREEBIES!!!
I think we should keep Democare, that is Obamacare without subsidies paid by taxpayers. Like DemoIllinois, it will fall apart very quickly
Cause shes rich and dont care about us the true americans
Most CEO's related to this bill are driven only by greed. They have no morals & don't care who dies to line their pockets. Change tactics
We need #MedicareForAll Stop playing around it- will reduce costs; workers already pay it PLUS hlth Ins prems! #HealthCareIsARight
Where do you think the money is coming from?!? Health care is a right! Someone else paying for it is not!
CEOs warned about the Paris climate agreement & Muslim travel ban & he didn't care. Insert Neil Gorsuch & voila, a Muslim travel ban.
You are unbalanced & extreme! Smart Americans HOPE for cuts to waste. We want wiser spending. #USA is picking up the pieces thanks to @POTUS
Bc he's shameless.
Trump has you right where he wants you. Defending #Obamacare

Shameful is passing ACA without knowing what was in it, & Obama lying over & over again to placate the American people. Now it's imploding.
If Mitch were any more cruel and evil he would have to grow a mustache to twirl. Even Captain Planet villans werent so transparent.
Instead of always fighting to just fight , what is your plan for healthcare?
Elizabeth, your empty can is rattling again.

You do get points for staying in game, for game's sake, so keep tweeting. (2016 would have been better time however

I just want my insurance back the way it was before obama fucked it up
I'm yawning between massaging jaw under broken teeth in body otherwise healthy due to boycott of processed foods
Exhibit A: # 1, 2, 3, 8, 9!
I fear that some are watching closely with greed in their comic-book dollar-sign eyes.
All this talk about how bad the bill is.....yada, yada, yada.......other than fix ACA,  what is your plan?
Just remember fauxahontas and crying chucky....its only this way cause you'd rather rail against it than roll up your sleeves and go to work
