Where have you been when the previous president has done poorly to "win" the war ?
He ran away leaving the mess to the next
U went over there to talk? Basically nothing. Could have Skyped and saved taxpayers money
Same for both previous Administrations.  What's victory, and what's the plan?
Please impeach Trump, Pence, and the entire administration before we have nothing left to defend #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #StopTheGOP
Move if you don't like it.
#ImpeachTreasonousTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #RevokeKushnersSecurityClearance
The only one treasonous is YOU! I'd be happy to buy you a one way ticket to Afghanistan.
So a Treasonous. President and administration is ok with you? It isn't ok with me.
Maybe you could help just start scalping people oh wait you can't you're a phony and a liar you're not an Indian
#Phonyhantas
We hope you enjoyed your ride in a Chinook with the great team from Task Force Flying Dragons, @16thCAB, @7thID - Born in Battle!
Too bad they didn't drop her out!
Oh do they ? Well u sat back n said nothing for last 8 years during the obozo administration !! At least now troops don't have hands tied
I love you, Elizabeth Warren. You are the USA's Wonder Woman. Thank you for your service, your leadership and for being a GOOD HUMAN.
Liz couldn't wonder her way out of a wet paper bag.
Thank you, Senator. We need to end this longest US war and get out of there.
Thank her for what? The only thing she does is fly around the world at your expense and bash Trump. Basically, worthless!
Made no demands of Obama and has the audacity to spout off when our Pres has had more success against ISIS than he did in 6yrs.
Did you forget Bin Laden?? But ur right. He did nothing.
as if anyone else would have sat on their hands in that situation! It is out SEALS who deserve the credit for that. 1 time he had balls
You need to stay home and cooperate in fixing healthcare! That's your job!
You have an inflated opinion of yourself and are wasting the American taxpayers' money.  Please sit in your office and dawdle, quietly!
Since u want to be President, why not weight in w/ ur 2 cents?
This comes from a demo when Obama cut military forces&money so country couldn't defend against TERRORIST he let go REALLY good drugs you on
You don't do our troops any favors by supporting bringing the very enemy they're fighting back to their own country.
Think god u actually do work other than try to take trump down
Did anyone but me notice, in 8 years, Zerobama never once went into a combat zone to support the troops? Geo went to Iraq for Thanksgiving
President Obama owed them and did nothing! Shame on you!
Just call him Obama. He never earned the presidency seal.
Im glad you are back safely from Afghanistan. What are you doing to get Trump out of the white house?
They could model that plan on the clear goals and results approach that your party's President put forth over the last four years.
You undermined our military. Treason.
Did Obama do that?  If not why are you shooting your mouth off now?
You should resign #senwarren you have zero credibility, you can't get anything done and frankly you're a joke to the American public....
More than what Obama offered! Trump is a true military supporter.
 senator Warren, what are you doing about the fact that 90% of the poppy/heroin is grown in Afghanistan & it supports terrorist
Liz went there to get her own stash for homemade cookies!
Stop acting like you give a shit about our troops You're too busy giving handouts to illegals and layabouts on the backs of the taxpayers
yes, so did Bush, and Obama. Now you want to complain? What are you doing about it?
Don't tell us, let us guess...You got sniper fire, and had to keep your heads down and run for your limo
I've been in a helicopter before
The President has done nothing but support the military and veterans. What have you done?
Can't do that. Because them we wouldn't need to keep buying weapons
You go girl. Tell it! #makeamericasaneagain
LoL. Says the woman whos State is riddled with drugs.  How about a plan to clean up what you screwed up. New England is a war zone
Could you tell me the definition of victory and the plan to get there from the Obama Administration... I missed it.
Then why didn't Obama give our troops a plan for victory in Afghanistan? Oh, that's right, he didn't have one! #Phonyhantas
PLAN TO GET OUT OF THERE 
Im surprised one of them didnt take you out. You should motivate and instill pride. That is leadership.
Why didn't Obama & the Dems give them a definition & plan to get there instead of dumping it on Trump?
Just like the previous administration was able to one??
You are still a fake, horrible woman.
Respect you Elizabeth!
No worry, obama left his plan. I am sure you demanded that and read it frequently the last 8 years #hypocrisy #noselfawareness #fauxahantas
I remember when you said that to the last administration. Oh wait...
Mrs Warren. Trump has done more for our troops then Obama and the Dems have done in 7 years. You are also part of the Schumer lying team.
Hope you got to meet some of the men and women that are from MA please stop Trump's efforts for privatization to a mercenary force.
Go away warren. You dont belong in the US Senate. Im from MA and will certainly vote against you
I'm still thinking about how you keep griping all the time and you keep losing votes all the time. 

All talk, no action Liawatha
Senator: We have abused our military enough. Endless war supported by the Military Industrial Complex is a cancer on our country.

Elizabeth Warren went to Afghanistan to put on a show now that she is running for pres.  Don't  be fooled. The military is not her priority.
And she is a SICK FRAUD
Seriously? Suddenly our troops deserve something? Where were your demands for the same over the last 8 years?
DEMS focus needs to be impeachment. GOP can't hi-jack Gov't just because of majority. U have ways to act. DO IT!
Why did my taxes go to pay for this duplicitous, scheming 
faux Pocahontas' trip to Afghanistan?
If you don't know definition of victory your a poor excuse representing this country!
Thanks for all your hard work!
O did you also have to run while under fire like Hillary
imagine... how uncomfortable those in the audience must feel having 2 report 2 listen to the likes of you? warren you are a shameless fraud,
Going downrange opens ones eyes to what is really going on.   It will stay with you forever
Cute thought...but where was this idea for the past 8 years?
Trump is soliciting military strategy from the CEOs of military contracting companies, instead of our expert generals. Truly disturbing...
How about just bringing them all home?
Unless Modi's use of proxies from Afghan to pressure Pak reg  Kashmir is addressed a military approach is not going to work.
Did you land under sniper fire like Hillary said she did? Oh when are you taking that DNA test? Tell the truth #fakepocahontas
We're thinking of your trip there too, we (the American people) hoped you would stay!
I agree. Put Afghan plan to victory on he table!
You should retire.
You know that Bannon and Kushner want to bring in Prince from Blackwater and Feinberg from Dynacorp for new ideas..
WTF would you know about victory without a plan to cheat Liarwatha?
After the way our troops were treated and limited by Obama your comment is hypocritical! Nothing new for you#
I don't disagree with you there that said this plan you speak of should have been in place say two years ago thanks @BarackObama #screwjob
Afghan.& Irag will "never" be what we want them to be! When we "win" they wont be able to hold on to it & will slip back to what they know!
R we going to allow the Russians do to us what they did to Afghanistan?
Y are we there? What "American interests" are we protecting?
I bet they eere thrilled !
Are you human?You want to put gov in power of our health&judge whether we are worth keeping alive? #CharlieGard. YOU'RE THE DEATH PANEL
It's so hot and dry there, did you do a raindance while you were there fakeahontas?
So, where have you been Chief?
Who did you sell out to Fauxahontus or was this a money collecting tour
like the one Obama gave? Wait he straight up didn't! #DemocratsLiesMatter #smdh #LieSoMuch
Probably should actually vote on war

Your trip was a waste of tax payer money
The men/women you talked to know the whole story and can NOT TELL YOU ANYTHING. THEY KNOW THE BOSS & trust him  % so stop the hitching
That's a great statement Liz - after 8 years of TOTAL foreign policy failure and lack of support for the troops by Obama and the Dems.
Don't remember you saying that the past 8 years?
Perhaps now that the Generals are in charge, something will be accomplished.
How stupid is this ;; The President turned the War over to the Military the team of Generals are running the show yes they tell him all
They're capable of figuring out how to get themselves out. "The Administration" won't be figuring anything out.
Will he get 8 years to do it like the previous admin?
Elisabeth Warren,Nancy POLOSI,Maxine Waters What do they have in common?they talk all day and say nothing. Idiots or just mental
Are you serious !!???   Lmfao.   What was there mission the last 8 years ?? Get shot and don't shoot back !
You don't care about laws, you lied about being a Indian woman why.cheekbones?you bash trump but you have no vision just obstruction.pitaful
State legislature not citizens made sanctuary cities in Massachusetts that's real good for citizens.protect people who broke into ourcountry
Elisabeth try peace and stability here in Massachusetts. State legislature voted in a nice 49% raise.
Lucky you did not land in any sniper fire like your friend Hillary.
Maybe if he stayed off Twitter he might be able to get that job done. Might.
Several military experts are saying Afghanistan is unwinnable!  #nowwhat
Shouldn't u been home. Remember  healthcare!!!!!!!!
Stay there Miss Native American
I wonder if you will have armed security with ppl who have guns.  Hypocrite! They are so peaceful and tolerant there. Leave security at home
U guys had about 8 years
#YesMa'am
They need to come home and be retired. There never was a victory to be obtained.
What do we have to gain sending our soldiers back there? And is it worth the cost?
Even the Russians gave up after ten years.
What a stupid assessment you trip was a waste of tax payer dollars . The plan is  completely "DESTROY"isis as President Trump made clear. .
Absolutely
Elisabeth come up with a plan to get rid of illegals in Massachusetts. I am tired of any of my tax money going twords any benefits for them
Please do not use OUR troops as part of your political rhetoric! You didn't care last 8 years so don't start now. It is embarrassing
#fakepresident
We don't need a definition of victory unless Victory includes being able to eradicate the poppyfields. No, then declare Victory and go home
I agree! OBAMA failed in his so called attempt
No. All of you owe our troops a plan to get out
Now Liarwatha wants to know what it will take to win. When Obama was President she wouldn't even look at a soldier, nevermind talk to one.
You are just not telling the truth about everything
How do we win Mr. Bush's war?
You should have stayed there and not come back
As did the Obama administration, for 8 years. Where were you then, #Fauxchohantas? All I hear are crickets chirping #SittingBullshit..
The troops create the victory not the administration. The current admin has put us in place to give us a win. Wake up!
Looks like all replies are against you tweet. Again a loser. When will you learn?
What is your or what was O's plan?
What was Obungles definition of victory? As I recollect it was run and hide.
A plan? From that Whote House? Please. And I love the ISIS is gone bots who think that started 6 mos ago
So you like to visit terrorist country Pakistan, nice joke
Thank you for all you do. Faith in Democracy.
It didn't bother you when your communist comrade Obama went around the world apologizing and losing battle after battle.
Pocahontas you don't know shit.
Crazy Lizzy ...Were now actually pushin and to win
I gave no confidence in this administration at all.  I fear fi5r out troops....and their families.
What was Obama definition of victory?  You old time politicians got us in this mess. Jerk.
You looked like a dope over there. Did everyone laugh at you?
How about you stay in country and do your job helping to fix the health care mess our party has created with Obamacare
How much did that cost tax payers and what did you accomplish? You need to retire.
Where the hell you been the last eight years?
So glad you high tailed it out of Oklahoma
Senator Phony Donald Trump has been in office 8 mo. Obama was in for eight years.  What was his plan besides not listening to his military??
Military also is owed an explanation by commander in chief as to why he loves Russia and Putin more than democracy.
The hell you say. Obama was decimating the military with its stupid rules of engagement!
What a waste of taxpayers money
What was your plan the past eight years? Let's not be a hypocrite
There is no victory. It's a forever war.
There are no victories in any war whatsoever. You could see to not so heavy losses on both sides.
That's a common problem. That is politicians in DC, unable to focus on why their there.
Like the previous administration. Comon don't be a hypocrite
Safe travels.... Need you for 2020
OMG You actually said that!!!where were you for the last 8 years!?!?!?! Why didn't you speak out to PRES O?
You're back? Never missed you on the reservation....
Hahahaha
Bet at some point you're helicopter came under enemy fire.
Exactly
And so much more.  Keep at it, Senator!
Well said, Senator. Hopefully your focus on bipartisan efforts to support our troops is shared by all.
Senator, with all due respect, where have you been for the last 8 years?  Fine to play politics with politicians but not our soldiers.
Next thing you know a senator will lie about being an indian to get free education...
Yes. It's another one of the prior administration's leftover problems our POTUS has to deal with.


That was another of obama failures.  You democrats are a so out of touch. It's as though live under a rock
where the hell you been for 8 years Pocahontas? Are you brain dead?
Really?Are you kidding. What did albums do?absolutely nothing for our troops,so pin it on the current Administration? OK FAUXKUNTAHONAS
Bet she was raising money from Islamists for her 2020 campaign. They're her base, & as crazy as she is. They scream almost as loud as her.
We need to let the Generals do what they do best and set the strategy.  Keep politicians with personal agendas out of the equation
We want a 5000 word report on what you actually accomplished
You too Mikey
@elizabethforma was in Afghanistan? For which side? I knew she was ready to snap, but I didn't figure she was fit enough to join insurgency
