Guess that's why GOP controls house, senate, presidency, and 2/3 of states
I am a veteran, a father, and a homeowner that fully supports you and cfpb, tired of #fakeleaders in gop...keep fighting!
@SenWarren #FactLess emotional claims. One letter as evidence.  #ScienceDenier
Yer just in the habit of feeding the public lies let's face it yer rite there with Hillary an Bill. Yer wrong..... As usual.
Doesn't speak for everyone and certainly not me.   Your hysterics lost me long ago.
Maybe ppl should be accountable for their choices, signing mortgages they couldn't afford and not understanding adjustable rate vs fixed
Dems are poverty and racism pimps
#shutupLiz #partisanhack
Trump has already done more for vets than the demwitts
That is not true.
Old lady Warren once again yer wrong...... As usual.
What would you do without a victim? Out of work is where you would be
What a ridiculous statement.
@GOP #GougeOurPeople Never have I seen a more disgusting group of old & young white men try to line their pockets on the backs of Americans.
You need to do some research.  Find out how much black caucus, Warren, sanders, pelosi et al are gouging taxpayers for
Thanks for the suggestion. You might want to check what @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr have in store for us if they get their way.
Don't speak for me Pocahontas I have my own voice and I do not oppose gop thank you #termlimits#maga
Bot bot bot
Lies,lies, lies

Can I save that picture and use it?
by all means, I borrowed as well 
Time to quit trying to destroy our country and MAGA!!!
too bad they don't care!!!
If your willing to lie about being an Indian, you'll lie about anything!
Who keeps reelecting this banshee?
YOU have let veterans die.  so don't lie.
The wrong choice was you being elected to the Senate #Fauxchohantas.

How can someone who teaches at Harvard be so stupid? Fauxcahontas can you tell me?
Apparently you haven't looked at the polls lately
Doubling down on the deplorable thing, worked so great last time.
She's so funny. She doesn't understand that Dodd-Frank and Obama policies allowed for fewer even bigger banks and the rich got richer
I don't.
I have to unfollow you. I am actually a moderate Republican. You offer no solutions. It's absurd, give us something?
when will you ever reach across the aisle and work with the GOP?  Do your job; stop your hate and do your job.
Too bad for you that they "oppose them" by electing them to everything in sight.
Veterans love this guy!
@Scavino45  HORSEFEATHERS but Ds R cause 4H-Care deaths n Destroying Families n creating PT workers w/dbl jobs as Ds won't change ACA! PROUD
Wish that were true real problem short memories or 2 young 2 care
yes.this.
Yea right comrade Elizabeth W.
there are just as many who approve
Where were you when it happened? What did you do to prevent the crash before it happened? Oh that's right, nothing.
Veterans unite against trump please
I know plenty of vertens who do not agree with this. So you people need to make sure you are truly representing the ones you claim to be
#BernieWouldHaveWon Liz...

Now you're just an accomplice.
Court Transcript 
#DNCFraudLawsuit
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/042517cw2.pdf …
I wish the DNC would have told u to shut up to!
Yes, you oppose everything from the GOP. When everything is a crisis, nothing's a crisis
Please don't count your chickens before the eggs are in the nest and under the hen.
your consumer board is a scam it took you 2 years to find out wells Fargo was opening credit cards after you were told about it
The #GOP thrives when they keep their base uneducated. They rely on them not comparing their promises 2 their results

#trumpregrets #Resist
I have a PHD, try again
DEMOCRATS...DON'T beLIEve it! They only want to keep you down!
SENATOR WARREN DO THEY WANT MORE PEOPLE TO ENTER THE MARKETS! BAIT FOR THE FISH !
SENATOR WARREN WHY IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS 2 TRILLION IN VALUE HAS BEEN ADDED! IT MAKES NO SENSE!
#democratsLIE
You Miss Warren are in wall st pocket so why lie to us?  Oh right that is all you can do is lie. You are a fake
You need to stop tweeting! No one will ever supoort u in your next election!  We know who u are now!
SENATOR WARREN WHO PROFITED IN 2008  ?WALL ST !LET US LOOK AT THE FACTS. 3 TRILLION DOLLARS IN VALUE WERE ADDED TO MARKETS IN 3 YEARS!
Bot bot bot
@SenWarren - Why didn't YOU oppose the GOP with your vote for Ben Carson who thinks poverty is "a state of mind". You have no credibility.
You are a liar. Cause of 2008 crash crash was bursting of housing bubble primarily caused by government manipulation of housing market
More fake new but it's your story so tell it however you want poco...
Bot bot bot
I'm not a big bank and support GOP.
They're a criminal organization. Thugs. Liars and thieves. It's about time they pay the piper. BIGLY.
You go to bed hating.
anyway -
That's not true. More propaganda
Oh stop, it won't affect your wampum... and just so you know, the CFPB does NOTHING! I know, I work with them... 
Dear Cindy Dinolfo , question - will you please tell me more about working with " them " ?
Crooks on both sides, always has been
you think you will take his job by saying how he is doing everything wrong?  Clinton tried that and lost
umhmm
That's because the GOP opposes all those people
I don't oppose the GOP. I'm a law abiding citizen of this country, I love veterans, I support civil rights, I'm a consumer, I'm not a big->
#WANNABDICKTRAITOR #TrumpCartel #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy #HowMuchMoreGOP
Exactly. GOP is slow to acknowledge DJT is mentally unstable and very psychologically unfit. They are responsible for impending downfall.
You are nothing but a left wing radical poverty pimp. And a liar.
Pocahontas!
I just had to add a# of teplies to my rude tweets moment. People I lnow will have fun lol at you
That is not a true statement.
Id trickle down??? Or get the Confederate Mounment??? Man this awesome??? White Power??? White Power??? White Power???
Why haven't you guys called Sessions to account for his perjury? Do your jobs & prosecute.
Nonsense.
Although the Repuke-ican party is totally evil, the Democraps are not much better. Democraps are just as driven by big $ which = corruption
So sorry Senator Warren, lots of folks too stupid to help,,,,
Racist groups and Gun groups love the GOP
Says the Redsox fan.
Fool
I disagree.  I'm part of "Everyone" and I support the GOP
Freedom loving independent Liberty seekers hate the Democrat taliban party, I call constitutional terrorist.

But your not all vets. So you just be quiet.
