did you hear our message? Voting in 3 of his noms!!!! Really???
the only people who profit from restricting #women's reproductive rights are #child sex traders and 
#child pornographers.

The GOP is officially now just a party of supremacists who do not believe in democracy https://twitter.com/thehill/status/826836285197283329 …
Everyone loses, Republicans and Democrats alike
Thanks for confirming a Christian Nationalist to head HUD, then!  /s
Pro life march was bigger! You had idiots saying "I want to blow the white house up" and someone saying I'm a nasty woman please

I didn't know women lost right to vote. News to me.
I have been reading these tweets..nobody answers the main question What "rights" are being denied?
apparently their right to abortion? He's just gonna make them pay! Not with our tax dollars
so ur not up at night worrying about ur tx $ Medicare does not pay abortions
not with Trump in office! I definitely worried when OBama was there!
because your a bigot no surprise there Best prez just not white right
I'm a bigot??? How is that? You're just another mad liberal! No surprise
We won't back down! #ftheglassceiling #hammertime #mybodymychoice #whoelectedtrump #shortthreemillionofus @SenWarren @GOP
CONGRATULATIONS ON GETTING #HAMMERTIME TRENDING!
NO MAN WILL TELL ME WHAT TO DO WITH MY OVARIES.
Hyde Amendment and
from the group i saw they were in the 60;s/ they are free by law. PAYING for your abortions not
Still waiting, what rights don't women have? You would have #1A #2A #4A infringed for ALL!
Their fear of women is bigger then their contempt 4women
No one wants your rights. In fact no one wants much of anything from you Liz.

POTUS not trying to  Your love of baby killing rights will be judged by the Almighty on day as you!
expand that Please. What rights have been taken away from women. They can enter a man'e BR. A new RT
Jeeezus, Fauxahontas.  If you had a brain cell you'd be dangerous.
We are going back out on 4/15 WE THE PEOPLE HAVE TO HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE!!!!!!
IF you cared you should of been against HRC for taking money from country's who treat woman & gays badly
He is not going to get any message if u keep voting 4 his unqualified nominees!
Kellyanne said on MSNBC she didn't even Understand what the Women's March was about?  Idiot!!!!
Interesting to note that about 50% of the actual march participants didn't know either. Interviews on the street proved it.
Then Why Were They There?
That was a march for women? Looked like a circus side show. Vagina hats and supporting ISLAM? Crazy
all of you woman did set woman back. Vulgar profanity and insults. Acting like a bunch of fools. Act like a lady, remember that?
We got the message about you - HYPOCRITE OF THE CENTURY! #Trumps4EVERYONE
honey when one of your arguments contains the words: there are reports, they loose credibility
Honey.."there" is the correct word & I'm a law grad, writing is great! Get a clue or at least a grammar lesson!
honey, English is my second out of 5 languages if I make mistakes that would be why...
That'a awesome that your multi-lingual!! What other languages do you speak?
How can we stop him for 4 years???
have to keep pressure on your local reps. Call their offices! Many are up for reelection & need  happy constituents
???


.@SenWarren @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP WHAT women's rights? I'm a woman who thinks I have rights. No? You just want dead babies. Why? #USA
your ridiculous it's much more than abortion right which are all ready there
Their contempt 4women is astounding
@BethGitlin @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP Keep up your great efforts @SenWarren
what in the world makes you think Trump is taking any woman's rights away?? Stop fear mongering!
Why aren't we? That's why I was there. Don't understand your tweet
serious question. With the majority in everything is it even possible to stop them?
Yes! 2018 mid-term elections are coming & if the GOP want to keep their seats have to hear constituents- put pressure
it doesn't seem like potus or his ppl care about pressure. Barely even acknowledged our March :(
Dont worry about him seeing you, get on the phone, email, mail and tell your Congress what you want, speak!
I am lucky to have @SenSchumer and @SenGillibrand representing me! Also @NYGovCuomo is doing great things
Yep. Schumer is ready to give them hell!
do tell what rights that women in America do not have that women elsewhere do have?
I'd start with paid maternity leave
It's not about the rights they don't have now. It's the rights the @GOP is looking to take away.
Repeated efforts to defund PP ruled to be a violation of rights
Neither did you. Carson is a joke. Easy no. GOP constituents won't vote democratic. None of you are Barack #obstructorlose2018
your message was largely funded by nazi Soros, so what of it?
if a lot of people agree with something, and it's funded by someone you don't like, does that invalidate those ppl's opinions?
opinions are like a**holes, and most are stuffed with bullshit.  the drivers behind the propaganda are more interesting
Very poetic. So does that mean that to subvert X, all you have to do is get a hated person to fund X? or is that too obvious?
'follow the money' might be the axiom.  Soros is a globalist, he thrives creating chaos, or perceived chaos.
So I'm curious, why is it more interesting for you to know what soros thinks than what 10^3, 10^6, etc ppl think?
he collapses currencies for fun and profit? people have no power to control media and therefor thought, and he does
Well, your vote to approve Ben Carson is now helping Trump and the rest of them to turn the clock back. Nice work, Senator.
Might wanna remind your democratic colleagues, too. They’re being mighty shiftless.
Why did you okay ben carson?
Really wish you'd given a NO vote on Ben Carson. Someone with an "Uncontrollable pathological temper" his own words.
Really? Most disgusting display of disrespect to women ever!Horrific! Shameful! #NotMyMessage
We're not taking them backwards. They are. #RepublicansRevil
@PinkkkAttitude @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP way to go, Pocahontas
did you get the message? You to confirm Ben Carson??
Don't let them have a SCOTUS justice who espouses extreme right ideals. We can live with 8!
You have complained about the money they cost taxpayers for the clean up for littering and damage they did
I've been a successful business women with all equal rights forever. What rights don't you have??!!
thank you for all you do. We appreciate your leadership very much. Keep doing what you are doing.
why is it that rich white men always think they own women? Body and all? You don't have the right!
Housing is a women's issue, too. Disappointed in your vote to confirm Carson.
And then you voted for Carson? Shame
And we are demanding more!  Moving forward, never back.
@SoniaMFurini @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP
when you support the nom of Ben Carson, that is what you did there, Warren! Bad bad move!
~ Senator Warren WHY did you give the nod to Dr. Ben Carson's appointment?! SAD!
Why did you roll over on Ben Carson?
Pay for your own abortions, and birth control. If you can't keep your legs closed, not my problem!
Do not allow any of his Cabinet positions through, no wall, no ACA repeal, please fight for us!!!
you should make him pay by confirming all his cabinet picks, that'll show him!
Thanks Sen Warren for fighting for our rights and our country. We are with you!
We are not surprised that he didn't get it.
Imagine how many low income women will suffer with your support of Ben Carson for HUD. SHAMEFUL.
Pocahontas has spoken.   Hey how is your buddy Soros doing?
Maybe YOU didn't get the Message tough girl; we have a New President; he'll decide.
#LindaSarsour a Muslim with Terrorist Ties, possibly ISIS too! This is who the DEMS are tied to!
Oh, you'll have no choice. The Laws will be made and you will follow Pocahontas!
So DEMS using A Muslim Woman that has ties to Terrorists! ISIS! UnAmerican!
go get 'em girl! #ilovelizwarren
You're getting funding mixed up with rights again, honey.  We're not paying for international abortions.
Then why are you speaking the White Nationalists? @SenWarren Why are you voting for their swamp creatures?
then Warren why did you confirm?
If we had good jobs the women wouldn't need the government to pay for anything.
Where's your outrage for Madonna comment or NBC writer saying a 10 year old could be homeschool shooter?
@EdSkipper @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP we will fight, sorry trump, we will not go back
still confirming all his nominees though huh? Great job, really solid tweets though
And will fight your pipelines and bullshit.
Then vote NO for all their nominees. Don't vote YES for Carson - stay your ground!
Am I the only one who has no idea what this means?  Sounds like a bad thing? Did you mean it that way????
I don't think the  @POTUS or @GOP even batted an eye at this unfathomably rediculous and self righteous post.
I AGREE !!
@MelaineLoveless @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP They've done it & will do more. You need  to stop'em. Protests not enough. Impeach!
Hear Hear
why did you vote to confirm Ben Carson and why are all you & your colleagues' rhetoric so toothless in action
It's not women's rights soulless Warren. It's a baby and a human that has rights of its own.
He's taking EVERYONE and EVERYTHING back
Old rich white guys who want 2 monitor everything from your pussy 2 the news you're allowed 2 hear.
yet you are going to vote for #BenCarson https://newsone.com/2738944/ben-carson-abortion/ … so sad you caved hope you lose you primary to a real progressive
thank you for getting in there and fighting for us we need to stand up for our rights
Where were Pro Life women
what rights have you lost?
What rights don't you have? Looked to me like it was just bunch of white women whining because Hillary lost.
#HR7 passed. Ma'am. Please. I'm begging for a breach of game here. The bluff of every dem is being called and cashed. Please.
Trump will resign or get impeached. Voters will vote dem 2018 election. Dems, Indies, Berners unite.
That would be great, but we have to prepare to fight the entire next four years.
Love Trumps hate. I will do my part. People are fired up! After 18 we fight Pence.
What is he planning on taking away?
tell him again! Our body Our Choice
#NEVER OUR POTUS #8/2018 WE MUST ALL(VOTE)ACROSS COUNTRY&TAKEBACK FROM DJT/REPUBLICANS #REGISTER#(VOTE)CARPOOL/BUS GET TO THE POLESTHEM
Women need to fight back and not let this pussy grabber legislate women's body.
.@SenWarren .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump .@GOP
It is time to introduce a Bill demanding all men get vasectomies. Outrageous? Yup. Now you know how women feel.
IGNORING US
DISMISSING US
NEGATING US
BULLYING US
WILL NOT WORK 

#ThisMatters
#TheResistance
#Women
@LoriSums @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP 
You voted for Carson?! 
I will never understand that 
Why are Dems bowing to their picks?
And perhaps #DEMocRATS like @SenWarren didn't get the message at last election that WE ARE ALL SICK OF YOU!
he is not capable of getting a message. 2 busy doing it "my way".
: but I guess you don't care that #bencarson is totally unqualified for HUD.
.@SenWarren ...except in housing, of course, where Carson would argue policy to prevent gender discrimination was a 'special right'.
Why did you vote for Carson?
since when should men decide what is basically a women's decision
Senator, with all due respect, what was your reasoning behind approving Carson for HUD secretary?
maybe you didn't get the memo that you shouldn't approve  Trump's nominees? Or did you not just approve Ben Carson
Dems talk & stay in their bubles while GOP wins, work together.so frustrated, thinking of changing . Of course, Sanders & you r our heroes
What rights has the President said he is going to take away?
definitely didn't get it. Apparently millions of people saying so didn't make an impression.
Millions of us stand with you...this will not stop here!



That's right!
hard to get that message when the message received was so negative and disrespectful. Horrible example for our youth.
How many women truly believe in the marches platform?  How many women voted for Trump?  Message?
Perhaps you don't realize that some of us women don't believe in killing babies.
AMEN .. so listen up all you oppressive people
We all heard you and others ad nauseum Lizzie. Repeating yourself & raising the decibels = pointless
fake native american
We have to stand against Roger Mercer and his operatives
What civil or constitutional rights don't I have? Confused ex-Democrat here.
don't be so paranoid. No one's going to take away your rights.
.  Shut up fool
they sadly just did with one strike of the pen. How do we moralize day-to-day?


I didn't know that what ever sin I committed you stand in my place
#moonbat
Please tell your fellow Democrats to grow some balls and stand up to Trump for their constituents.
He pretended to not even notice the half mill Women....@SenWarren @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP
we will stand together to fight this administration and not allow oppression of women.
BUT you aren't telling us what WE can do.
I stand with Senator Warren. #WomensMarchOnWashington
Foolish girl. You've always had rights. Called the Constitution. U shud know as a "Senator"
You are gone next year, self proclaimed nasty woman. Us non-nasty women are going to vote u out. #DumpWarren2018
@fieldyfieldy @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP What rights have women had taken away from them?
This tweet in particular is in response to Trump signing an anti-abortion executive order
Not making taxpayers pay for someone else's abortion is not taking away your rights...
perhaps Democrats didn't get the message on Nov 8th. It's not about your identity politics agenda. It's about ALL Americans.
Apparently not,  since he sought retribution by reinstating the Global gag rule. The fight continues
no one wants to take away our rights, just stop the senseless murders.  Is life don't kill !
we are with you! Keep up the fight!
https://youtu.be/sOD5zJcQoZI?t=1m36s … My message is this.  Hit play and watch this.
Looks like Massachusetts voters are fed up with Warren's liberal nonsense. Election coming.
We are not going away. 
then we'll have to keep marching until they do!
We are with you Senator Warren!
Perhaps u didn't get the message on Election Day. Congrats, u're finally a minority.
who asked us to do that?????
Women across this great nation will not sit still and allow the roll back of our rights!
What the right to torture, rip a baby limb from lib, stab them with scissors? Answer to God.
warren we didn't like Hillary we don't like you're making a mockery of women worldwide
@Rosie I've never seen a large group of men who fear women so much! #MyBodyisMine.
thanks for your fight. Can you give Sheila Jackson-Lee some of your energy. We need her also.
Lizzy, get a life. Abortion is murder. No one is taking anything away.
Shut up..! 
No one is taking "rights" away you tool..
@PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP @chrismurphy @SenBlumenthal Backwards & wrong.  Our bodies & lives & choice.
Perhaps YOU didn't get the message, millions of WOMEN elected him, MILLIONS of women support him.
Thank you, Senator Warren, our  #POTUS2020.
which rights are you losing in particular?
YOU support Women’s March. Founder promotes Sharia law, which removes all rights for women! Stupid! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Ask Granny why she accepted 25 million from Saudi Arabia, biggest violator of women's rights.
Dear Senator, unfortunately u need to find a concrete wall & smack your head repeatedly. #POTUS-is-a-JOKE
@Rosie @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP we should shut down the country for three days like Irish women did.
