Then give up ur salary like the honorable POTUS does!
Nothing honorable about HRC & the Dem Leaders. HRC & 42 made a lot of illegal $$ at the cost of taxpayers! Selling themselves for profit!
Please support you statement with credible evidence. I would like to know, should he sell off all his businesses? Does he have employees?
Why are you  Not saying that turkeys going to know everything by the end of today.
Vote against corrupt Pelosi by voting 4 her Dem opponent, civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big . 

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
She's got to go and lay of the plastic surgery
*#TermLimits for old women*
Too bad you don't care about this Pocahantas
#SethRich
Hi @JohnPodesta! Why did you say in an email you wanted to "make an example of a suspected leaker" before #SethRich was murdered? 
so where does that leave u Senator Warren? U made millions since being elected.
Then stop supporting Clinton. She's not much better.
She's not in government
True. But she's still in politics.
The irony is that you supported scumbag Hillary  not corrupt at all
Is it possible the GOP heads knew Trump was crooked- and looked the other way to get their hateful agenda's passed?
All of the sudden ? Not Hillary & email leaks not bill & BJ,s under the desk not obama blowing 10 trillion bucks w not a stitch to show 4 it
A senator that does not know that the US is not a democracy, who would have thought it?  I blame Trump.
George Soros would beg to differ. He would argue that it has already dangerously worse due to his wallet and the Dims and rinos.
Scary
DEMS ARE USING RUSSIA TO DESTROY AMERICAN FROM WITHIN. YOUR SOCIALIST ADGENDA CANNOT BE HIDDEN BY YOUR FORKED TOUNGE
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE NOT FOOLED BY YOUR B.S..DEMS HAVE DONE MORE DAMAGE TO AMERICA SINCE TRUMP WAS ELECTED, THAN ANY COUNTRY COULD DO
This INCLUDES the Establishment in the Democratic Party Liz. Let's FIX THAT NOW!
Thanks for standing with Standing Rock......
Yes, that's true, especially when you look at the Clinton family wealth.
Idk, it seems pretty well corrupted already
Senator, how about some effort looking into #sethrich ??  Afraid of what U will find?   U have 0 tweets about his murder. 
Corrupting democrats
Oh, you mean exactly what Bernie said during the entire campaign? Now you're on board? 
So dont support Clintons Superpac...
Yes, yes, what is taking so long.
What's being done to stop it??
You and the lying, crooked, deviates are trying to destroy this great country and bring it to communism
Donald Trump, get out of the WH
If you truly believed this.  Hillary wouldn't have been your girl.  Stop trying to tell ppl what they want to hear.
It's ALL about $ & power for the GOP
Wow u think ur rude no ur not u don't know nothing about socialism ur s nasty woman talked to crooked Hilary lately
Help us get rid of this travesty! Please!
Your the crook
No it's not Socialist are corrupting this Country
If Trump was a Democrat and dems were in control would there still be a cover up about Russian collusion?  I would bet my life answer yes
We support money, power, and capitalism. It's the American way
you'll find out during your reelection how awful of a politician you are
That's it Impeach Trump!!!
Still with the democracy... can you learn the form of government that overpay you?
You made 400k/year at Harvard to teach one class, correct?
BULL
In 4 months? Lol. What a clown.
The Trump family uses the presidency as their personal QVC or HSN. Yet Rep Congress wants to enrich their friends b4 pulling the plug on DJT
You, Senator Warren, should stand up against corporate financed representatives. This needs to trend in the dnc to win 2018
@tinyboo49 @realDonaldTrump TheBlack community has been xposn abuses &warning theNation undr threat of shackles4INTEL @AGPamBondi
Warren, STOP bashing OUR President! You know all about corruption, power & money from your close, chummy Clinton ties. Never trust Warren!
I knew you couldn't get thru a tweet series without a stab at our President.
"Corrupting our democracy"? Really??? You're a Senate DEMOCRAT! It doesn't get any more corrupt than that! #DRAINIT
Your buddies on Wall Street, Hollywood and liberal billionaires all of whom are huge DEM contributors. You're a big phony
As one of the slimmest creatures in the swamp, it's time for you to be relocated where you can dry out. How about Syria?


Get big money out of running for office.
Unfortunately this has been occuring for way too long! With the present administration it is so overt!
Amen
NO IT DOESN,T ELIZABETH  ? WE BEEN MILLIONAIRE NEVER HAD A PROBLEMS ONLY LIBERALS DOES ,
First the USA is a REPUBLIC not a democracy! Second your constant ranting wouldnt be going on if Trump was a democrat! hypocrit!
No entity has more concentrated wealth and power than our government.  And you want to grow it exponentially.  Hypocrite.
Cash is king Pocahontas
Yeah like Clinton Obama and oh yea Bernie wife
corporate and personal wealthy greed
Only because the Dems are guilty & doing everything they can to distract!
Maybe Hillary can create another PAC. I'm sure that'd solve everything
We need to unite and stop it!!!
Bottom line Warren DNC got caught being dirty Yet the cheating & corruption doesn't matter cause, The source?
@wikileaks exposed the DNC &  @cnn 4cheating & corruption & now y'all r scambling looking like guilty brats & embarrassing USA
Beth jobs are up, manufacturing is up, 401s are up.  Keep trying haha
You r the most corrupt of them all. How much did the Clintons pay u? Or threaten u @realDonaldTrump is messing w/Dnc corruption
And all of your money and clintons just fell out of the sky
@POTUS has only been in WH for 4 months. He's not getting rich from the job, he's already rich. He's not corrupt that would be Obama & HRC.
We know @realDonaldTrump is the crux of the problem but the question is, how do we stop him? Resistance needs help from their reps in DC.
Donald in WH, Hillary in WH – there's no difference between them in the "money, power and corruption" department.
Lets clean up the corruption with Hillary Clinton first. Then we can start with you and the democrat/repub parties- Its pathetic and corrupt
Yea, let's force ALL big Companies to move to another country!! Good job your doing Pocahontas.
He is carrying the torch
As you live in your multimillion dollar mansion with several housekeepers!
You just described what a Hillary presidency would have been
At least were still in America, under Hillary there wouldn't be it would all be for sale
Remind us again your net worth?!
Do you have an off button???
YOU WOUKD KNOW FIRST HAND ABOUT CORRUPTION
That is because the US has allowed Corporations take over the econmy.
Need another amendment removing the electoral college, and another removing the "nuclear" option in the senate/house voting procedures.
Is that why you support @HillaryClinton new SuperPAC? Hard to take you seriously.....
Come from one of the swamp monsters
You are so right, but why don't you tell how how come you have so much on your meager salary as a Senator?
Once this is over need a constitutional amendment overturning citizens united.
Get your head right!!
Concentrated in the hands of the government....
?
Yea. I am sure you would have preferred Clinton. So you could have suckled at the corrupt cash cow
@realDonaldTrump has committed NO crimes! All evidence released points to #DNCLeaks #HRC, pay to play #ClintonBodyCount #uranium
Got 2 assume these pro Trump/anti Hillary ppl are Rusky bots. No one in their right mind could believe such nonsense.
the worse tRUMP gets the more the trolls are out slandering his rivals. Keep up the good work senator! 
On the ball Senator hope ppl r listening  cause they need to or they lose big time
How much is the house you live in worth @SenWarren? You are a joke just like all your D.C. pals! #SethRich
"absolute" power corrupts absolutely
As a nation our democracy is at great risk of becoming a plutocracy. With Trump in office this risk has increased dramatically. The way to
prevent this is for all of us to be involved in our politics #notmypresident @MichaelEDyson @MHarrisPerry @SenSanders @POTUS44 @TheDemocrats
Yes it is
Friend of yours?
I agree which is why I'm for small government. Large government is worst form of concentration of power and money
So how did a professor end up with a networth of $15 million. Book advances never earned or clawed back?
http://DraftBernie.org  register Independent Now.
Vote against Pelosi by voting for civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big from special interests.  

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
You have it all wrong.he will drain the swamp
Your comment thread is full of trolls, may be more productive for you to A. Never read this or B.Delete account
Oh yea says the woman who made 300k+ for teaching one class.
Stop sitting on your god damn hands then and do something.
But you support Hillary's newest slush fund?! Interesting....
Shut up and quit being Clinton's boot licker ya fake Native American, I'm donating to your primary challenger so we can be rid of you!!
Parece que es una gran epidemia, la concentración del dinero y el poder tienen dañadas muchas democracias en el mundo. Acá en #Chile también
@SenWarren I hope u lose ur seat. Vote 4 Ind candidate, former dep sheriff, Joshua Ford who's running 4 US Sen, MA. Follow @JFord4USSenate
You weren't singing that tune when Obama was in office, and now you care suddenly? What a joke.
Please get him & all his corrupt consorts out!!!
Has corrupted...It's now fully corrupt except for voices from the wilderness.  Keep speaking truth to power  Elizabeth but pull no punches.
The public is sick of Big Corporations & foreign govenments making large donations (BRIBES) to politicans to do their bidding
@DanScavino @MariaBartiromo OMG AN Alinsky Cartel tactician.
Democracy the way we have it means: Corruption, destruction, and abusing our children, denying them the possibilities of becoming good citiz
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
The real sham is he's got his base believing he's on their side.
I agree but with a Republican Congress, what can we do aside from protest? We're already doing that, & town halls, calling, letters, emails.
Pls RT

Vote against Pelosi who's bawt by big& vote for civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big .  

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
#IndependentInvestigation #ImpeachNow if other representatives/senetors block this impeach or expelled them
YES. Nonsense &incompetence running wild. No restraint or organization. Poor management. No successful company could survive our Apprentice.
All the reports about senators and reps trading stocks before the CURES Act too?It's systemic corruption - DNC included. What can we do?
You and the rest of the "resistance movement" are parasites. You will be held responsible on judgement day.
Crooked Hillary did her share!
How much money do you and the rest of the progressives get from George Soros?
Fake news not being held accountable is ruining our country.  How's ur bank account look Liz? 
Vote against corrupt Pelosi by voting 4 her Dem opponent, civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big . 

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
Like the Clintons?
But you were ok with the Clinton foundation? Hypocrite
Is the entire Republican Party involved in money laundering scheme?  Is this why they will not go against Trump?
If you say so Pocahantas.
Go after McConnell and Ryan - they are derelict in his duty. Their acts looks like #Treason
It's more like mental illness
hahahaha after years of Clinton cash schemes you supported and taking corporate lobbyists money ...... oh but now it's different
Vote against corrupt Pelosi by voting 4 her Dem opponent, civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big . 

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
Please do something about this incompetent child in the WH in spite of Russian Party in control of the House and Senate.
Money, power and an #IGNORANTINFANTKING
we need you and Bernie Sanders to be next presidential set. I'll let you 2 decide who will run and who'll be vp
Miss warrant stop the house budget cuts messing with Social Security and Medicare food stamp house assistant
You fraud!!!!!   You accept PAC money and you have a fake job.  You rich witch!!!!
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
You are part of the Problem. You are the Best that money can buy.
Follow the money. 45 has filled the swamp
Such as, for example, the Hotel lobby:
He's a pompous ass. We need to get rid of this moron
Shut up and go home you as corrupt as Hillary!You have lied and cheated for every dime you have! I'm native American give me that money!cnt
#foreclosurequeen Warren profits off the misery of the 99%. #draintheswamp #maga #hypocrite
Nothing to see here now move along, keep moving. She is such a hypocrite!
Does that also apply to that 'whore' Obama who just raked in about $3 million in speaking fees in just the last few months?
Did he have the right, as President, to leak confidential intel to Russia that involves ANOTHER COUNTRY???
You people. This isn't about Dem or Rep, it's about our country and who is currently destroying it!
Vote against corrupt Pelosi by voting 4 her Dem opponent, civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big . 

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
@VickieDalton @realDonaldTrump this woman would do anything to promote communism.
This administration is so unhinged. I don't know if the country will ever be the same.
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
All those not complicit in this coup, get on ONE SIDE of the aisle. Abandon parties, both sides. NOW! ENOUGH! @WASenDemocrats @SenateGOP
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
see Keith Obermans take on Herr trumpLER's 17 charges of treason, obstruction of jusrice! Bye bye, asshole!
how much money you have stashed away, hiawatha?
None of your business.  However orange man's taxes are our business.
Hi Crystal! How's the spinsterhood going?
What are you talking about?
Understatement of the year! Keep kicking arse, Elizabeth.
our democracy was kind of founded on principle of giving a lot more guys access to money & power...now those guys  resist the tightening up
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
You're supporting HRC's pac... Uhh irony?
Pls RT

Green running for New Jersey Gov, Seth Kaper-Dale isn't taking $ from special interests. @KaperDaleForGov
Yeah , you in the white house is a fucking nightmare! !!!!!!!!!!!
Talk to HRC...  She knows how to attract and manipulate partisan $$
Yes, & we must not overlook the power of persuasion of those non-rich who voted for DT. We MUST speak their language & unveil the deception.
How much money have you taken from lobbyists over your career Elizabeth Warren? If anybody knows how to work the system it's you
Your GOP colleagues are un-American and need to be called out
*Looks at Clinton foundation
Confession of statist who is love to concentrate power in corrupt democrat party.

PS, @SenWarren, USSA is REPUBLIC not DEMOCRACY.
You are such a hypocrit!! Obstructionist!!
What is wrong with you? Enjoy it while you can. You will be out soon.
Vote against Warren by voting 4 Ind candidate,  former Dep Sheriff Joshua Ford. Pls donate ur time & any $ u can.

Follow @JFord4USSenate
please help restore sanity to the @WhiteHouse
why dont you ask your friend @HillaryClinton why she wont disclose donors to hew new PAC then eh? #crookehillary
People need to get past HRC. She's not president. Trump is, and he's a danger to our security and democracy. #ImpeachTrump
if @SenWarren is so concerned about concentrated money & power, sounds like classic #crookedhillary, easier to talk to friends than enemies
Clinton is not an elected leader and we arent talking about her now, so please move on and let the grownups talk.
but we are talking about her, as I brought it up. if she wants to be in the political spotlight she can expect to be talked about
Vote against corrupt Pelosi by voting 4 her Dem opponent, civil rights lawyer, Steven Jaffe who refuses big . 

Follow @Jaffe4Congress
Followed, & let me say Thank You sir for contributing in a coherently intelligent manner 
Actually I'm a woman, but you're welcome.  
