Way behind again
Stay there
Poland  Pres Trump, they're not gonna share info with a LW Socialist.  Maybe they can teach you some history
Lol, did you backstab our President again?  Poland seems to love Trump so they probably can't stand you.
I hope they know you speak with a forked tongue & are part of Hillary's global initiative & getting funding from Clinton's for your campaign
You really have lost your mind. I'm not sure if you are referencing the Bible or the reptilian overlords.. insane! Either way, WE'RE WATCHNG
If I was that soldier I would tell you to pound sand
How about doing something for Massachusetts
Oh no
Isn't that near Bosnia? You can come back and tell us some sniper fire stories.
Enjoy.  I love the people of Poland.  what a beautiful place.
thank you for looking out for Poland, Elizabeth! ♡ -proud Polish American girl in MA

Can you please stay?
please move east a few hundred miles and ask what socialism is like.
What did your trip cost the tax payers?
Oh no
Hope your wore your peace bonnet fake Indian
How much is your trip costing the taxpayers?
How much is Donald trumps 17 day golf vacation costing us taxpayers????  A lot more than Elizabeth's
Just stay the hell over seas Betty
Poland is an ally. Don't punish them.
Elizabeth, you belong in the kitchen and not in politics.  You have proven to be incompetent and useless by your actions.
A Ssgt in the military!  How did u ever make it with that sexist mind of urs.  Ur supervisor should have shit canned u!  Embarrassing
Did you tell them "you didn't build that?" Lizzie? Or is that just for productive, wealth producing capitalists?
Too bad Poland's flushing democracy down the toilet.
Poland please please keep her!
https://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/253071530474 …
Stay there
Sen.Warren you are a great senator
Thank you for doing the job being neglected by the administration.
Hmm - she is acting like a presidential contender.
This expensive trip help the hardworking people of MA? How does it improve our govt schools, equal pay, racism at Fenway or war on women?
Maybe you can pick up some policy ideas in regards to immigration and refugees instead of only pandering to voters here #NotHoldingMyBreath
Please run for President
Did they ask you about your Native American heritage?  Did you share a peace pipe and show them your headdress? #BREAKING #Breakingnews
seems like money well spent, exactly what a senator should be concerned with. Enjoy it while it lasts I guess
#pothole #boondoggle
While making play 4 President 2020, do you even know what's going?  Oh yeah they voted for you, so don't care ..
This page has absolutely the most boring and repetitive trolls. As was McCain's and likely for the same reason
Poland needs to be reassured that we have their backs. The US retreat leads to raise in anti-Western populism. Thank you for going.
So you're doing your job for once. How many more days till you leave office?
Aren't you such a wonderful smart lady! Not!!!
you could learn something from their immigration policy
Another "by the people"funded vacation for Liz
Taxpayer funded waste of time..#Junket
Just wondering how that DNA test was coming along Elizabeth
Sounds like the kind of thing our 46th POTUS would need to know! 
What has happened to Polish democracy?
Stay there


This is as close to Russia as I could get without appearing to be a huge fangirl
Isn't it a little late, Senator, to be learning about Army ops in Europe on taxpayer dollars ?? Read a book.  They must love your feathers
Is that really your job r are u wasting money again let the people who know what they are looking at do this try doing what u elected u for
First picture is missing a sign on the map that says "you are here"
GREAT!!! now Poland knows we elect idiots!
Please come home and quit embarrassing us abroad
Sinister Laugh.....Lizzie, why not take a fact finding mission to North Korea...Uncontrollable Sinister Laugh
Liz, this is over your head. You reaffirm the need for #termlimits .
What, getting your Kickback money from Poland now.
Ahhh.......keeping NATO right up Russia's ass, Lizzie? Is this what your people voted you in for? To pick a fight with Russia?
And why are you there?  You don't represent America. Poland doesn't want refugees and neither does the USA. Globalist vs Nationalist.
What are they doing in Poland?WW2 was over in 1945.
Sweet vacation on tax payers $$$$$
Hope, she is the front runner for Prez in 2020 for Demo party. Don't have to worry about her winning. ;P
Probably a good thing. Doubt you know jack about the military at all.
Stay there.
@SenWarren went to Poland and all I got was this stupid shirt.
Huyuh yuh yuh Huyuh yuh yuh
To what end?
What a waste of tome and our ta, dollars.  Why would goofy want to go to to poland
IDIOT
You're not going to understand anything or do any good there. Thanks for wasting taxpayer money.
Another boondoggle. Stay home and work.
Trump Train Going To De- Rail After Investigation Is Over. Republican Party Going On Vacation - - In Prison For A Few Year's!!!
Did you watch the Wall of Poland? 
You know you are safe from refugees in Poland.
You can take a vacation in North Korea.
#MAGA 
Doing More Than Trumpet On A Golf Course!!!   He Is Going To Trade Rollex For Handcuff's After Investigation  Is Over!!!
Do us all a favor and stay home!   The adults in the White House will handle it..... #MAGA
Stay there you won't be missed
Whose money are you spending. I hope not taxpayers.
Are you going to rightly thank our President for the positives you have seen?
Lizzie you are officially a warrior chief now
Newsflash. Poland loves @realDonaldTrump, Poland loves small Government, Poland hates Socialism, Poland loves America. Poland not like you.
Were they pleased to meet a real Native American?
So ?
Didn't see any refugees there.
Do all of us a big favor and stay there. Thanks Pocahontas
Way to serve the commonwealth, Chief Spreading Bull.
Why? That's not your job!
Yep vacation on our dime and looking at other servicemen besides the USA. What a supporter of the USA. Loser.
Who cares where you've been why don't you go and ask Hillary for her pant suits they would look good on you.
Now Sen Warren can claim to be part Polish and collect on some more benefits
GOD BLESS YOU FOR WHAT ARE DOING,IT NOT GO UNAPPRECIATED!
Lol lol you mean doing nothing we sent her there to do her job and she does nothing
They don't want refugees....leave them alone
You go on warpath lololo
Stay home & do so work ,who paid for this?
to see what a country looks like that doesnt allow muslim immigrants??
Nope, not going to run in 2020. #Liar
Check out their immigration policies while you're at it!!
Check their emigration statistics before posting next time.
Did you learn the Polish people have a spine and don't want anything to do with the EU migrant crisis?!
@SenWarren See u picked Poland. Why not France, Germany UK? Too many Muslim migrants? Poland won't let them in. No attacks.
Did you give em pointers on how the Cherokees would conduct such operations ?
Why are you there??
What for? Your waisting taxpayer money on your President run. Defeat Warren!!!
The general looks exasperated as he points out where you are on map for the 3rd time.Go Harvard .
Just a vacation at tax payer expense
Yup and she knows she's safe from refugees there.
I hope you took notes fauxchontas
Has Poland ever hosted an Native American before?

Oh....disapppointed.  @SenWarren
Hey Pocahontas, you're in the wrong hemisphere. Problem is NoKo.
Fauxcahontis once again pretending to play the part.   She is just so transparent
I hope it's all to help your future run for President. That way the Democrats are sure to lose!
and I hope you noted, number of white bears in Poland is not greater than in Masachusetts:)
All I can say to you is 
And?????
Who cares...stay there please!
Good for you Liz. Get your butt back to Washington and do something for Americans
What makes you think, that you could contribute one ounce of anything on this visit. Free Vacation for you and your friends...Your Welcome
Why so bitter? Afraid Trumplethinskin and company aren't going to get it all???
Free trip on the taxpayer's dime when Trump already did the work. Fraud.
Maybe you should get back here to Ma and do what you do. On second thought, please don't.
We already stopped one angry woman from being president, we are going to stop you too.
Love how all your liberal  followers think it's great you're in Poland. But not Trump when he was there
Maybe you can take a few pointers on immigration while you're there
Did they mention how pissed they were when Obama reneged on promised missile defense systems?
Glad there's still some serious American officials doing their best to foster our alliances. This Trump nonsense too shall pass. #persist
Glad to see someone being presidential. You are such an inspiration and I feel very fortunate to have seen you in SF.
Lol lol  good one
Looks like your wasting our tax dollars again on this trip. Wtf Lizzy
Like such congressional trips.....We the taxpayers pay for another one of your vacations.  Who cares
about what you learn!
Wow Liz I'm sure they have a lot of polish jokes to tell you! Starting off as "did you hear the one about "Liz Warren"!
Please feel free to stay there. Thanks!
She can't stay, Poland rejected all the migrants!
Please stay there.
STAY!!!!!
Thank You.
Please run for President.
I'll volunteer to help in Philly.
Lol lol good one u are kidding right lol
Grow up puke
Another waste of taxpayer's money!!  You going to run army operation?
OK tough Girl, Really!! you'll never spin this to win POTUS!! #TermLimits for all the ones that wake up stupid.. Including Yoou! Shoofly!!
Any chance you could stay there
We get it - you're running for prez. I don't like your chances.
Preparing for your 2020 run, are you?  If you decide to run, good luck.  We'll need all the help we can get to unseat that disgrace, Trump.

Bet you're promising them free stuff or are you telling them abt your life on the reservation. #TermLimits #PovertyPimp
Please find out about North Korea since our failure of a president doesn't have a clue
failure in NK stems from Obama and ppl like @SenWarren glad she's spending tax dollars on her Poland trip..whats her purpose?NONE@VOTEHEROUT
Well George I just disagree
that is fine, as a libertarian i can accept that.  I will not go liberal and call you a name
Much obliged. Calling names isn't going to help anyone acknowledge differences in ideology
What the hell for your job is in the United States you are not Secretary if State ....git
Do you see any illegal immigrants?  Anyone that would vote democratic in the next election?
Your in the wrong spot lady. Sounds like a vacation to me. How much did it cost us? Poland is a real Hot Spot. I want to see your Expenses
You don't have a clue about what goes on during a military operation.Go change your diaper.
Stay there
Please stay there
Getting ready for 2020 as the military's "I got your back" candidate.....
So how is the weather in Poland Elizabeth
Did you land under sniper fire too?
Thank you, Senator Warren for working for the people instead of golfing like POTUS.
Lol lol her work for the people OMG u are kidding right
killing it.
Elizabeth Warren 2020
Lol lol
Will you now be claiming your're Polish too?
While you are at work and N Korea aiming its nukes at us, trumpty dumpty golfs at his private spa on taxpayer dime
How about paying attention to our elections at home and stopping the Russia lie. How many have to die for your donors? #DNCFraudLawsuit
Shouldn't you be working on healthcare
I have a thought. How about you work on tax reform and infrastructure.  Do something.  Stop obstructing and stop wasting time traveling
So you're not in the "kill zone" w/the rest of us. Just kidding -- thank you for letting our troops know they are appreciated & supported.
Elizabeth is the Rise of another Evil US war Hawk like J McCain & L Graham
Wow really.
Next stop Guam.   
Before Trump gets it nuked.
vacation on my buck
As an American expat living in Slovakia, I am relieved that you are learning where the business end of an AK-47 can be found...#fake #phony
That is just great. Is that a paid vacation in Poland during break???
I think it is fantastic that you are there reassuring the Polish peoples we haven't forgotten them.
Warren 2020!
That's the best laugh today
Easy to beat! I say she runs
Why? You'll never be commander in chief...unless we switch a few letter in chief...leave the c add a u and an n...
 Dang
Awesome.. Stay there!!
Are you campaigning on the taxpayer's dime??
very similar to native american tactics
in other news, I'm running in 2020
Thank you.
Yay! Thank you.
maybe you can just stay over there
You know no more about that subject than out current @POTUS .
Why? I am unfamiliar with which committees you are on in the Senate currently where this is beneficial.
#Warren2020
Sorry, but I will give Sen Warren as much shit as Trump if that is the case
Of course. I can see why you say that, I mean, given how similar the two are.
Trump gets more shit daily but specifically in this case they shouldn't be campaigning for 3+ yrs from now - if that is the case on MA dime
