Go, girl!
ELIZABETH WARREN NOT MY SENATOR! 
#LYINGLizzy
You said no to Bernie, yes to a bad trade dealer like Hillary, then claim you're for US workers?  How gullible are they???
Thank you, Thank you Senator Warren. You give many of us hope that indeed the gov't is of the people, for the people! Keep it up
I like you, but please don't run for President in 2020. You're not going to win.
. That's okay, @BarlesCharkly, I'd like Sen. Warren to stay as my Senator 'cause she's doing great job for Mass!
what has @SenWarren done for Mass exactly???
Great Job!
Didn't work did it.
like you can relate to America's workers. Give me a break. You are NOT a good guy.
Yay!
Liz got outside!
DAMN REPUBLICAN S
did somebody say #Warren2020? 
He withdrew last night, right? What was the purpose of this??
and sometimes bad people lose...Hillary Clinton
yes and Hillary is as corrupt as they get
And every day is Nov. 9th
you a good person never
Union workers? That's where you get most of your donations from isn't it? Big donors of Democrats right?
lol I forgot how funny you are.
Jobs for who?  More illegal immigrants?
Elizabeth Warren gets up everyday and lies to the American people. Says she's a liberal, but steps aside when convenient.
constantly protesting, funny weren't u elected to help MASS.... u have done nothing. Warren out in 2018. Tired of ur lies
you did?  Give me a break.  You nothing but an opportunist!
@LindaCollins11 @USDOL And we thank you for carrying our load.
#letliz2020!
lmao you are one of the bad guys.  Get embarrassed everytime you open your mouth. You have zero respect for our gov't
the Good Guys need more wins!
yeah all for public consumption an anti worker big govt destructive socialist what a joke
In November 2016 the good guys won big
All I see is you Liberals Losing every single day!!! Not to mention the Election! Keep whining like little babies!!!
Keep up the good work Liz.  We appreciate it.
FAKE NEWS = FAKE A$$ POCAHONTAS 
yes!
please do not give up! Sending postcards 3/15
You are not one of the good guys. You are not Native American either. Wow you need help.
Do your best to stop Puzder then get out of way let real #Progressives take over
#ElizabethWarren phony #Propaganda help from Mitch McConnell creates false #Progressive image betrays #Grassroots http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-makes-me-scream.html … 
falsely reported under presidency so many things.jealous happens everwhere
obstruction politics at its best
The "good guys" won in November.
All we see is civil unrest directed by you! When will u help with jobs? Mr. Trump will be a great President no thanks to u
blah blah blah blah.
tanks for being one of the good guys!
looks like the size of the inagural crowd to me
Thank you! Thank you! the fact that he was ever nominated shows the EVIL in the WH.
@SeleneLuna @USDOL 
It's only a victory if they don't end up with someone as bad or worse.
the good guys won Nov. 8th.
Thank you, Senator!
You did it @SenWarren! Thanks on your help with Pudzer, now on to #pollutingPruitt @USDOL
@toorad4u77 @USDOL how many more perpetrators of domestic violence lurk in this admin?
please stop the constant grandstanding.
yes they did the coal miners will keep their jobs and you would have put them out of business Pocahontas
Dear Traitor to the Country and National Disgrace: USA sees right thru you Soros/Clinton/Obama globalist shill!
the "good guys" Elizabeth you are a phony.
u should take notes from Trump, he joins 1000's and tens of 1000's. If u weren't so annoying u would get more than 100's
Good guys winning. That would be a day without U. R u there for u or country? Try working together. That is why u get not beads
are you saying that those support Puzder are bad guys!? Another deplorable crack, keep alienating half of America. Nice!
now we have to get rid of Pruitt, says a beekeeper/environmentalist.
Sen. Warren  Thank you for standing up for what is right!  You are a champion of the people!
go away
lots of liberals that were totally against Mitt Romney were begging for Mitt Romney now prepare for the exact same thing
hopefully president Trump finds replacements for him and general Flynn that really makes your heads explode
But today was not one of those days. Soros meat puppet.
and some days the bad guys win like you CHIEF warren
Represent the state that elected you and not the campaign in four years please
#ShePersisted
You Go Girl
Dems don't even care. I want a new party!
and occasionally your team wins.
It happens so rarely these days. Sad. :-(
abortion is murder #FireElizabeth
shouldnt they be at work #FireNancy #FireElizabeth
thank you!
You care nothing about American workers! Zero, you've never done anything for them! You have only hurt them!
you are truly a person with a agenda that 
Is strictly opportunistic
thankyou and all who stood up for human rights
And some days, people who falsely claim minority status to advance their career win
YOUR A BAD BAD SEED
Grazie Danke Thank you
YEAH!! YEAH!!! Good Work.  So Proud you got it done.
thank you
You did nothing Pocahontas. No one is listening to you. You are the town jester. Now, get back to your dung pile. Be persistent!
Not with trump in White House
good job
you are awesome thanks
glad to see bipartisan criticism regarding his actions; many had "serious concerns." #conflictofinterest #minimumwage
Thanks for everything you do!
I knew you were happy when I saw the smoke signals....
yes when @potus lets you win
Thank you Elizabeth!  Nevertheless, she persisted!
Workers of America thank you
and then some days the rabid liberals and @SenWarren win.
Tweet Tweet! Don't just stop at Puzder. The fight is not over until our GDP and Job Confidence is stronger than before.
Thank you for all that you do!!!! 
Yeah, well today wasn't one of those days.
save all immigrants because we are all immigrants
he withdrew.  Tell the truth
You can come out of hiding now...the ship has headed south...it was checking what idiots who'd vote for you..look like!!
way  to go
thanks again, Senator Warren!
I love to see you get right in with the crowd.  You are a wonderful role model.
Take a seat
Walk a mile their shoes. Thank you Senator Warren.
you are so annoying!
#ThankyouSenatorWarren
we need good jobs
continue to focus on the Russian issue. These are good causes, but not going to get Trump removed from office.
how can you say your a good guy when all you want to do is fundamentally change America. That's not Good!
Yes they do and we are not done by a long shot.
The good guys won when your friend Hillary the crook
Was denied her "turn" at the White House.
Well if that's the case then today wasn't the day!
Stop abusing the center's confirmation biases.
true Trump won
That's exactly your problem.  The country isn't segregated into "good guys" and "bad guys".
Well done
anti American thats what this is and the rust belt showed you in the turn outs for dt we want safety jobs for Americans  @SenWarren @USDOL
You guys have lost your minds and it shows. sure you have a few people who hang onto every word those are not ur voters @SenWarren @USDOL
Senator, what do you think of Alexander Acosta?
you've never creative a job in your life. So of course you ensure no one else with that experience gets the job too
You must think your back in the sixties fighting for squaw's rights.
Great!  Overturning DOL Secy. Nominee was terrific!  We need someone aligned with American workers!
Your like a canary in coal mine. When u win, America loses
You just reminded me of Melissa Click there for a second
The dumb is strong with you Fauxcahontas.
well ur not qualified to be the "good gal".
awesome!
Police cars on every corner of Indianapolis!!
Since Trump won't sign off on declassifying the Senate Russian investigation we may have to rely on leaks.
Oprah won.  It had everything to do with spousal abuse than his labor history (which was horrible). But u know Republicans
only an absolute clown would join workers who arent ya know working on a Thursday afternoon to talk about working #neverhereither
And some days they lose...
Keep fighting Sen Warren!!!
Thank you for existing
Thank you Senator Warren!  You are our voice!!
no small thanks to you.  Grateful for your undying commitment to American working people
you are a lier and you are not a Native American!  Get on TV  tell America!  You insult us who are real Native Americans!
Thank you for fighting so hard!!!
You are incredible, Senator Warren.  Please don't stop.  You're one of the few sane people in DC.  We are behind you.
You've never created any jobs.
you are so funny. As if you can relate.
you really think that's a win?  If you did anything to make America better, that's a win. But you don't know how do you?
hahahaha and now??? What pathetic thing are you going to do today?
