I personally dont like govt agencies. But this agency hasnt done 1 thing to put $$ in my pocket! Get over yourself.
What does RuPaul have to do with this conversation?
 Ru retweeted it and I was responding. You dont follow Ru? 
The @CFPB stops you losing money, and being taken advantage of. Why is this so hard to understand? You don't make money from it.
Hard to understand how the govt taking money from me to grow larger and more bloated, w thousands of govt agencies help anyone. Less govt!
Its a philosophy not an intelligence issue.
Your philosophy needs a lot of work.
Nope. We've got govt agencies set up to watch, or keep honest other govt agencies. Its crazy. Stop govt growth. Stop feeding it my tax $$.
Why haven't they gone after WF?  They still refuse to modify the Wachovia pick a payment loans they settled with the Justice Dept for.
Submitted claim against WF with CFPB for this, they let WF review their own actions without investigation, WF said they complied, CFPB
Used WF own findings. Now that theiris proof WF lies and cheats, all of these previous complaints should be reviewd and investigated.
Resubmit but don't repeat verbatim. Every complaint requires investigation/response.
Thank you,  it was submitted more than once. CFPB response was to ask WF if they were compliant, WF sent CFPB a form with check boxes.
They checked that they had done everything correctly.  CFPB sent that as a resolution. Solved. 
Now that WF is known to lie and cheat
All WF complaints should be investigated outside of WF self evaluations by the CFPB.
You should be very proud of this
Anything you support im against
Even after protecting millions of consumers, some politicians still want to shut down @CFPB. Help us #DefendCFPB 
Consumer protection agency is important, but they really aren't  doing it anyway: use to, not anymore.
6 yrs?? Ok. The Sherman act was passed in 1890, the FTC  in 1915,  to investigate business fraud, so we needed another agency for what???
@SenWarren I love you lady !! Keep up the good work fighting for us 
Keep preaching, Liz!!!
You're ineffective within the party. Need to change it.
Little agency? Another absolute joke.
Woot! The Indian finally comes through. Isn't it narcissistic to pat yourself on the back though?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA1G5sFsWlc …
Saw you in Glendale, love you.

Of course the Gang of Perverts wants to destroy it! They want to destroy anything that works! Because nothing they do ever works!
That little agency is going to be DX
Finish the building quick!
As GOP vote to UNDERMINE  the protections for CONSUMERS
that us = ALL AMERICANS
Congrats, my favorite senator  
I read this as The College Football Playoff
Elizabeth our warrior. Thank you. Help us unseat every greedy, self serving GOP who has stood by 45. They need to go. Turn the house blue.
Sen Elizabeth Warren, respect and gratitude to you.
We don't need more agencies to pay for by taxes
Here's hoping it survives the next 3 1/2 years intact.
That's great, but how about a nice #ThanksObama to acknowledge the hard work of the President who made the CFPB happen?
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
They need u back as director of the agency.
Thank you and CFPB for being there for us.
Thank you for continuing to fight for Senator Warren.
You didn't create that!
@DavidCornDC @CFPB Senator Warren. Now more than ever we need accountability in the White House!!   Go get them Elizabeth
BTW, what happened to your request for Treasury to investigate whether Scaramucci attempted to violate RU sanctions?
A agency that over rated over payed and accomplished nothing but noise and wasted tax payers money. What real work was accomplished?
Likely it's last too. When you run for re-election this year and have to answer what you've done, you're finished. Start packing chief.
 Luv u Sen.Warren 
#GirlPower
So BC the POTUS at the time and you people deregulate FannyMae&FreddyMac to get the Urbans buying homes, then cry about the outcome? Really
Still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?(Squaw Running Mouth)
Thank you, Senator Warren, for giving us the protections offended by CFPB!  Nice soneone is looking out for the little guy.
@CFPB is another wasteful government agency that should be abolished
Shhhh or trump will defund that too..

Are you a Red Sox or INDIANS FAN ????
And you must be the Little Indian that could
I wish you had this in 1999 could have saved me thousands of dollars
Why is consumer protection controversial? Because what we're protected against is business bullying. Big Business is the new Big Brother.
Should have supported Bernie.
Order up the #PapaJohns
Hoping the GOP won't abolish
@seanspicer BYE !
I used @CFPB and am glad it was available.
Happy Birthday CFPB- can't wait to see you grow and Thanks for all you do.
Another Obama era agency. I wounded how much administrative costs, cost the American taxpayer?
You like the number 6. Do you think there are 6 liars in the Senate, Liz. We both know one.
Thank you @SenWarren  The @CFPB has become an invaluable ally to students, borrowers and their families! #DefendCFPB
Agreed! Thanks to leaders like @SenWarren & @hitchop, the @CFPB continues its mission to fight for, and protect, #studentloan borrowers. 
Is that like the little fake Indian that could?
Thank you!
I sincerely hope it's still around for its 7th b'day. Thx Ms. Warren!
this agency MUST SURVIVE
it is one of the best things average people have to address corporate greed/theft/swindle
Blue jacket back in rotation
It's the agency that has protected Americans from being screwed (AGAIN) by companies and banks.
You and Sanders are trying to see who can get their names out there the most .Butt of bar jokes ,one about a freeloading papoose the best.
Those who don't pay their bills put it on those who do. Time to teach financial responsibilitu & accountability.
My sister sees it all the time. A need to bring back into the schools home economics. Excusing financial irresponsibility is not the answer
Or as normal people call it - waste of taxpayer dollars
Thank you for all you have done to champion our rights, to control our finances. We are indebted to you :-)
Close it down.
You give us HOPE For a Brighter Future!! Thank You @SenWarren
Senator Warren, pls move to stop Pharm Ads to reduce inflated costs? Rx ads w/ more detrimental effects than benefit PROMO KILL$ FOR PROFIT.
Note increased Rx chemicals released into common drinking water - can they be restricted, removed?  We need PURE ALL ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION.
This agency is a great thing for the American people and was very, very overdue. Thank you Sen. Warren
.@SenWarren Happy birthdsy .@CFPB
You act like we should know what that is. How about YAFAMT

What is better to celebrate than actual PROTECTIONS FOR ALL AMERICANS HEALTH & FAIR BUSINESS PRACTICES, HB2u! THIS IS GREATNESS IN ACTION!
I REMEMBER THE LOAN SHARKS!!
Warren u don't want to protect consumers u want to protect GOV - how did endorsing Hillary help protect consumers?
Others may march? Peacefully? Respectfully Deb
Love you SenWarren watch out for the very active bots n trolls! Say no/DEATHCARE! If passed RESISTANCE marches in peace!
Happy Birthday
Thank you for pushing this so hard. We know if it wasn't for you the CFPB would not exist.
As desirable result should be  to make arbitration more credible by providing an escape hatch for outside judicial review for cause.
Happy to have you as my senator! Keep up the good work!
Spoken like a true socialist!!
Thanks for explanation. If there's something that has come from tRumps presidency it I've leaned a lot about our gov.
Just another thing to make it harder for lenders to lend money... #moreregulations
Way to go.  2020 is right around the corner!  Regular working American's need a leader with a voice like yours to speak for us all.

SHE FIGHTS FOR YOU @votevets @MoveOn @emilyslist @TheDemocrats @TheYoungTurks @YoungCons @MomsDemand @ACLU @AFSCME @SEIU @AFLCIO @UAW
I hope the #CFPB survives to have a seventh.
Good by @cfpb! Just another government siphon! More of the swamp that needs drained!
Thank you Senator Warren. 
Love the Orwellian speak. You are forcing me to comply with the threat of violence, correct?
Thank you Senator for making this possible!!!!!!!
Next president of America in all likelyhood.
Happy Birthday! Many more!!!!
and then you pucked up and kissed the banks' filthy backside by backstabbing Bernie and the REAL consumer protection movement.  #neverwarren
We love you, Liz! Keep up the fight!!!
Inspiration.
Thanks, Sen. Warren! I'm hoping it survives and thrives -- and can start hiring again. Would love to be part of it. (ex-whistleblower here!)
Love u, Senator Warren!
For all the, as you like to call them, Little People That Couldn't.
Gasbag
