Join @SenWarren and me for a Facebook Live conversation today at 3:30 pm EST on Republicans' health care plan. 
He's a socialist. Socialism does not work. Has never worked. 
Soon you will be voted out. 
You liar.
But he's one of the Elites he rails against, so there's that
Sanders is NOT an elite but DT sure is!
Sanders just purchased a new waterfront mansion. He has millions. He's a snake.
He purchased no waterfront mansion. He inherited a lake house through his wife's family. Many of my middle income friends have done the same
That was his THIRD house, he is in the top 4%, socialist my ass, that's for the little people foolish enough to support him
Look at his social justice record.. he has spent his time in Congress working for people's issues. Stop believing fake facts!
Now he's going to fight the law.Sanders and wife are being investigated by FBI for bank fraud
Please tell us Ms warren why are you not meeting with the GOP about the health care instead of this propaganda party you and Bernie are doin
Seriously? Aren't you aware McConnell is holding CLOSED meetings with 12 other Republican Senators, no Democrats allowed?
Funny how it comes full circle. Hahaha
Funny how you don't know there were more than 200 hearings and open committee meetings over 11 months.
wake up they are doing it right this time call your dems and get themto do something to help and stop the games of Washington stalemates
After eight years of Rs saying no to Obama, Dems should roll over and accept decisions they oppose. Really? Is that how it works? Please.
Dems had years to fix this bill & only changes done to it were thru EO. they don't have a leg to stand on in this fight now, they care??
Let's get facts straight. The Dems offered solutions, but McConnell, Boehner & Ryan wouldn't allow debate, must less put them to a vote.
YOUR JOB IS ON THE LINE EVERY TIME YOU TALK. I LUMP YOU WITH PELOSI TWO WACKO'S
We lost health care under Obama care. You guys make use have 2 have health care insurance co stock went ski high how much did you by
There has to be a way to stop this before it gets to a vote. Americans deserve healthcare and a government that will guarantee that right.
Why are you entitled?
Because everyone is.
Not a good reason, we are not entitled to someone else's money if so send me some of yours
I do plan on using the ss. I have paid in a lot more than I will take out.
Why do Leftists like to steal from babies, children, and the unborn? Is it fair to be born into indentured servitude? How immoral!
Haha what
I think it's just a bot account, ignore it
Bernie's account or mine? I'm a real person who just likes to use the left's fake moral superiority against them.
Oh hi there! Yours boo-boo, because your tweets heavily indicate you didn't even read the tweets before you went ranting about your nonsense
Actually, the tweet is directly related to the Bernie/Warren tweet. Who do you think is paying for those 20 million getting healthcare?
Socialist Bernie & Lyin' Lizzie think its their job to Confiscate & Redistribute our hard-earned paychecks.
You mean 23 million Americans will have the freedom to choose what's right for them instead of the Democratic party
You don't know that.  Its up to the States to decide.
That's the BEST way to handle Medicaid.
I'd prefer the gvt keep their grubby hands off everything that's important to me...you bankrupt everything
Lizzie, I read the CBO report. Now let's tell the truth. The 23M you waive around are those that WON'T ENROLE, once requirement is dropped
@SenWarren always waits until it's safe. If she would have endorsed @SenSanders during the primary we wouldn't be in this mess. #Bernie2020
#Bernie2020 is like Nicolas Maduro coming to America, 90% tax increase yea, go for it
More like Olof Palme, but the wealthiest 1% definitely need a 90% marginal tax rate.
That day you will be out of the job
Oh no 23 million will die have u told them there going to die. Can they get life ins before they die. What is ur recommendation to them
Need a repeat.
Join you CROOKS haha never. Liers
No it's not.
Democrats need new strong young members to lead the party to victory tired of the same old same old
How many AMERICANS lost their ins. When ofecal shoved the ACA on us ? Millions can get off their asses and earn it   
Good
#0for4hoponboard
Well now that's 2 big reasons to tune OUT!
Elizabeth and Bernie you guys need a job. Oh I forgot nobody wanted you.
The only thing anyone can expect to hear from you and Sanders are lies.  We have not heard a single idea from you how to improve healthcare
Im waiting on the discussion.  And remember 27 million do not have health insurance now. Will that # grow when insurance companies pull out
If you don't ditch your promotion of this grifter I won't be send you contributions.
If Obama care so great why did you vote to exclude congress?
Keep giving HC, food, housing then before long no one works
I understand the concern but I'm tired of supporting those that refuse to work.  They have all the items I do yet no job
Hopefully you will actually read it when it comes out so you actually have the option to not lie.  I'm dreaming.
Yes as we all want to be part of a socialist society.  It's working so well in Europe
Boop beep, your socialist policies will kill millions. Good work!
How gross
How do you bad mouth this health care program if you say you haven't seen it ? Lying Pocahontas
You are killing people by letting OC continue to collapse. Pass the BILL!!
DemocRats so daft lost Congress because of Obamacare & instead of helping fix healthcare to bring down costs they are vile & resist    Dem
5 days of civility over radical left whipping up Wacko base! 2018 2020 DemocRats will be shocked at more losses at ballot box No Good Ideas
We had 2 put up with Ur lousy health care 4 8 yrs! U can deal with ours for a few yrs!! Hypocrites!!
Mean while half the middle-class cant afford obamacare and pays penalties for not having heath ins because its to expensive
We can thank you for hooking up with Hillary instead of Sanders and giving us TRUMP! How much did you get paid to endorse Clinton? Suck up.
It is quite an odd thing the people designing the healthcare act are trying to do. My questions are
What are exactly are they trying to replace?
There's two thieves and con artist
You never read OC. Now that we can't afford to give away everything you want to fight against something cheaper. YOU PAY FOR IT!!
Very important.
If you had endorsed Bernie during the primaries, this wouldn't be happening. :( :( :( KARMA for you and all the traitors comes 
unfailingly
Why doesn't govt enforce the anti-trust laws and then you would have this health care problem...politicians = disaster
Where were you when Bernie needed you? He backed your financial policy in Senate and you abandoned him. You abandoned him. You abandoned him
Where do you get 23 million Liz??? Pathetic excuse for leadership.  Nothing but mis truths like everything you stand for.
Perfect combination you two. I feel warm and fuzzy thinking you will solve my problems. NOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You had your chance. Get out of the way.
if the Dems cared about healthcare for the American people they would have fixed Obamacare in the last 7 yrs.
U make sick. U speak like Obamacare is successful-it is a failure. At least GOP has proposed something. If U don't like it, make it better.
STOP Lying 12.2M enrolled 2M dropped out already so that leaves 10.2M but 10M lost their HC bc of ocare so for BILLIONS we insured 200k
Maybe if you and sanders WORKED with republicans on making healthcare great since Obamas is falling apart. That would help everyone.  DAH
My dream ticket for 2020!
Yes why do I have higher premiums and higher out of pocket charges, for what and for who. Why must middle America pay for others? #enough
Your support us too little to late.
Join you and Sanders 3 houses and your over paid self? Really?
It's about time I see you both on the same poster 
@brttnybnntt idk what could be better
U NEVER EVEN READ OC. NO ONE DID. YOU PAST A FAILURE NOW YOU COMPLAIN ABOUT THE FIX! Shut up and fix the mess you cost us #myMoney
How are we supposed to support Medicaid when we're cutting the death tax? #deathtax
we will pray for you . you need to get behind our president !!! he is president not you .
If we got rid of the Electoral College we wouldn't be in this mess.  What else can one do?
you are repeating the incorrect cbo number and not even doing it in your native language
#sanderswarren2020
#Obamacare is a disaster. Why are you fight so hard when millions are loosing there healthcare and NOT because of trump.
It will be nice if don't lie to the citizens
You mean the healthcare that gives you high deductibles and little service. What a country.
Lies..not even 10 million on OC..what about all us working people that lost our good HC because of OC?
Fauxahontas and yelling senile old man team up. What could go wrong?
Shaaaaddddaaaap!
Warren, have u actually read the changes or just criticizing what they might be?
Why did you never speak out against Obamacare? Do you know how many Middle Class Americans lost their healthcare? #YouAndBernie are Commies!
the Indian & the socialist! What a combo!
What is this, another play in Central Park?
Frik and Fra K.
Will you join them?
You mean catastrophic coverage disguised as health coverage ?
What about the 25 million who lost it under barrycare? Do they not count?
Adults shouldn't be mandated by the gvt to buy something. You don't want to get health ins & die...ur prerogative
Two idiots who voted for Obamacare
23 million is less then 1% of our population!   Your party lost because you keep taking from us and we have nothing left to give.
Keep up the pressure as this so called proposed health care bill puts way too many people at risk!
There's not 23 million people on obama care . Quit making sht up . U are the problem
Sorry MS Warren ee u so often Herr do u make something else the day ober? Think not good all day an night to be online. Think abuot it. Ill
May be isnt it possible thats there will be much better healthcare. Surprise surprise ,make a little bit Sport to come down
Unfortunately, the GOP isn't allowing any discussion...
Do u think Obamacare is the only thing to do in this world.... Oh no!!!!!
Elizabeth are you on ObamaCare? Didn't think so.
The two of you must be in bed together bcs your rhetoric and pillow talk is identical yet completely off base.
We can stand at the doors & protest
Can you tell us what's in it besides scare propaganda?  Healthcare for 30 mil on line under Ocare.
I'm not a socialist
Stop being ignorant
Blah blah blah
Single payer is not radical,letting people die because of income is just horrible....
It will still be available to purchase. Available is the key word. Do not let this liar tell random shit. Hold her accountable.
can't wait to hear this, more resistance I'm sure. You couple of losers need to have a plan that is better than ACA!
You are fibbing again.  Truth must be very hard for you to speak.  You are hurting your citizens and being an inciter.  That is very bad.
Dems R obstructing & lying 2 ppl, U could B working with repubs not only on healthcare but tax reform & nat security POTUS want bipartisan
@MariaBartiromo HORSEFEATHERS By Ur NON ACTION that's wats happening ... ppl dying ... manslaughter n U know it ~ proud
Two rich socialists pushing more entitlements.  That's hilarious.  Will there be a laugh track on the video?
Health insurance does not equal health care. That is why Obamacare failed.
If you haven't seen the bill as dem claim, how do you know how many people will be affected? Just curious. Dem making things up again.
what health care plan - it's a farce and if it passes the people who follow the Repubs. will know how much of a farce it is
You guys passed a disaster without even reading it and now you expect us to believe your scare tactics? You are NUTS!
We're gettin' the gang back together!
No thanks fakeahontas can't stand to hear u two lie it's embarrassing
This was just more political ranting, nothing to see here

No solutions, just more political bickering
These people need to be stopped.  They're playing a dangerous game with our democracy!
The psychotics of the century that should be fun!
Otto just died yesterday by NK dictator&you have said NOTHING?! An American dies&your QUIET? By not speaking you have shown your true colors
Why doesn't anyone acknowledge the insurance cos are raising rates and pulling out soley for blackmail to repeal for their own benefit?
People will loiter until bad things happen like the election, then ask what can be done
You forget it's healthcare for everybody. Everyone is affected by Obamacare, i.e. No preexisting conditions, preventive care paid, etc.
I assume this discussion is going to ignore the fact that Obamacare is an epic failure.
Just going to pretend all those promises were kept.
How can 23M lose something they never had. ..
Socialism at its finest. Two wealthy Senators espousing redistribution and free stuff. Hold on you your wallets. Pickpockets present.
If @SenWarren had
backed @SenSanders
instead of neoliberalism
Trump wouldn't be
in the White House.
But halting socialism
mattered more.
I guess the other 380 Million Americans need not worry about their healthcare, so those on PUBLIC ASSISTANCE get theirs for FREE?
Health care for 100 million is on the line if we leave Obamacare in place. It's done...bankrupt...nothing left.  You played the poor folks
Please comment on the 30m estimated w/o coverage in 2016 as stated by the CBO. You pretend AHCA is so bad but fail to admit ACA shortcomings
No thanks. Get rid of this aca bull shit
What  health care??? That JUNK that was forced upon us to purchase that is ABSOLUTELY worthless.  Idiots in government have no clue...
don't you mean health *insurance* for 23 million Americans is on the line?
@HouseDemocrats @SenSanders Mad cow disease. Warren stop eating so many hamburgers.
Obamacare was just another entitlement program. No thanx!!
If they don't pay for it they shouldn't get.!!
Why in the world would I want to join a bunch of Socialist Communist talk about lies and fake news. Lies about Obamacare. You are irrelevant
You mean *government subsidized* healthcare is on the line. Healthcare will still be available.

Dems HC plan was so sucessful I'd sure be quiet if I was part of the shit job your team came up with
Why haven't you & your friends given up their Cadillac healthcare & sports club and go on O'care, the savings can go to the tax payers.
10 million were FORCED buy. 13 million is still a lot of people but why did health care for the rest of 300 million have to be disrupted?
Come on now Elizabeth tell the whole story don't be a liberal liar like the rest of them
Quit acting like you care Pocahontas


Mrs Warren. This is the Muslims president  policy. Dont put it on us. Trump trying to fix it ,but you and you kamrat  don't let him.
So Liz you want to keep things as they are and then nobody will have  coverage. What are you going to do to correct current situation?
Good to see you have both sides of the issue. Liberal and socialist
You are a wench
He's part of, leading in fact, the Death Panel.
Nothing is better than the current ACA you voted for. I remind you if, the ACA is great why are you not using it?
You're a liar Liz! 23 mil never got on Obamacare, that was just a projection and now many are being left behind as Ocare implodes.
Seen.Warren I agree with you on the Wells Fargo issue bun I can't afford Obama Care and I am on disability
I'm listening know. Some good info!
Its NOT health care! Stop twisting! it is health Insurance. Those 2 terms are not the same and should not be inter-used freely for politics
If you two are so freaking smart why didn't you help Obama get Ocare right??? Talk is cheap and no one wants to hear you two talk crap...
You are so phoney ..You know darn well that 2/3 of that figure are those ,mostly young people,who will choose not to pay for the insutance
Late again huh? A lot of traffic coming from the reservation?
I like Bernie idea of universal healthcare not Obama care
Just noticed EST? We are on DST! Proofread first.
AHCA 13 = GOP Death Panel
You inspire violence against republicans
Like promising universal transportation 2 garner the vote 2gain office so you can handout flip-flops. Marketing "healthcare" not that simple
Just another example of dramatists versus realists. I.e. #DemBots chowing on measly imaginary pound of flesh from dramatic #WitchHunt
U both are divisive. Nothing good will come from this. More hate & manipulation of minorities which both ofu can care less. #SocialismSucks
That should be hysterical . Dumb n dumber speaking about nothing. No suggestions no solutions no ans. Just complaints. Same old same old .
Enough talk shut down the senate and save ur breathe with action
Correction: Medicaid is on the line. For those who must pay for insurance, Obamacare is a failure
Is there a link to this?

Can GOP legally just take away the healthy coverage of 23 million people without their consent? We pay for it.
No! Support Single payer Healt Care Eli  push for it. Are you gonna be just a "NO party" what are u for?
@SenWarren had her chance to endorse Bernie....She blew that chance...we won't back her....
Your #s r off by about 20 mil and most don't want to be forced to have it anyway.  How many houses do u & Bern have?  #lie #mandate #biggov
In case you guys missed it, people who live in 22 counties in Ohio lost their health insurance last week under Obama care. Mention thist.
