It's a joke because they have it for life. Give them to same healthcare package their trying to ram down our throats & they'll stop laughing
Lynn, did you see that acne is a preexisting condition? I think that to them, that having a pre cond.
I had not. That's horrible.
@GOP are proving their market based solutions are a lie. if there were a fix they would have found it by now. Time for single payer
Most of us know this. It is the @realDonaldTrump supporters that are too ignorant to know!  Yikes!
.@SenSanders @SenWarren You Dems R the reason America is in this insurance mess with your LIES: U CAN KEEP YOUR DR, U CAN KEEP UR HEALTHPLAN
Do some republicans just have a problem paying taxes? Bc, as an American patriot, I don't mind paying taxes..I care where they go to. #Unite
Why do you hate the free market and capitalism?
That's not@yhr governments job though
Dear GOP senators do unto others as you would have them do unto you.  Healthcare is no joke. Want  your benes revoked?  Leave ours alone!
What the hell do you think Obamacare has done high premiums high deductibles for those paying the bill
And your not. Your a devious person. Were you always a liar?
a'ho for voting NO and for working so hard in fighting to keep ACA.  Praise God!
Given em hell Senator!
Healthy people make healthy employees and that's good for business. Also, universal HC would benefit business, too - lessen benefits burden
You have no clue how's a 17 percent national tax to pay for it sound
The @senategop is what will tear america apart. They want war and we are #readyforwar
where in the US Constitution, does it state that citizens are guaranteed healthcare coverage?
They're using it because they hate obama, a black man. Bigots. Also want tax breaks for rich
All Americans should have the same health Care that you have
Sen Warren what is your copay when you go to the doctors? What is your deductable? let the American people have the same insurance you have
Hi @SenateMajLdr - will you demonstrate your commitment by eliminating taxpayer-funded health insurance for all @GOP members of the Senate?
They took charlie guards and your next ha ha ha
Actually its your stupid party that is doing this, get it right LIAR
That's why Repubs are being dubbed as the party of hatred and death.
Submit a bill that tweaks your own healthcare and let's see how they come to the table!!
It's no joke to them. It's a calculated effort to kill of the weak and minorities so they can retain and grow their white money power.
I can't breathe
I think that too many of the political leaders have no idea what it means to need health care. ..they are too wealthy and privileged to know
Playing with the regular "mans" life not a joke

Health care is a God-given human right, period!
Healthcare, Russia , WH dysfunction and plain stupidity , everyday. Is there anything else the American people deserve to be discussed?
Guaranteed healthcare is called socialist healthcare Pocahontas
Youre the political joke!
It sounds like compassion is not one of their strong points.
Government in healthcare is worse than a bad joke it's lethal
Dummy it affects u 2. The attempt is force all of you to come together and create a great plan for all. The joke is you. God forbid you work
Although that is true, but for you it was a cynical ploy for more gov't over-reach as single payer
socialized medicine killed precious Charlie Gard-get off the dying horse-YOU so smart? Fix it that is your job!
That is what they do.  They just don't care
They think guaranteed healthcare for us is a joke. They are dead serious about keeping their own guaranteed healthcare.
You're the joke Liz.
CBO estimates 15 Million would opt out of ObamaCare,if they could!YOU are standing in the way of freedom.What next will Uinsist we purchase?

Guaranteed Healthcare is a joke. Show me in the Constitution where it says it's guaranteed.

What country do you think you're in
There is no such thing as guaranteed healthcare read the Constitution lieawatha
No think ACA is a sad joke. Fix the diseased so it works for all
Dear GOP senators, do unto others as you would have them do unto you.  Healthcare no joke. Want  your benes revoked?  Pls Leave ours alone!

Explain the Democratics IT guy being arrested?
Dems wouldnt know how to play that game hey sackagiwia
says the fake Indian squaw
They are evil
Damn not football everyone of you are trying to get a check for brain damage. Just another way to get tax payer money. LOL
No Warren they're just trying to fix your ACA mess...and you do nothing but road block... you are part of the problem. Go back to Oklahoma.
If you think it's a joke.  Then you take it and give all the America citizens the medical that all our government officials get.
Chief Lying Asp  u are the joke
So what's stopping the Dems from introducing Conyers bill with a companion bill from Bernie? #Fight4MedicareForAll please Thank U
Problem millions of our lives are in jeopardy 
Insurance does not mean HEALTHCARE!!!

Americans can't afford the rising costs of #Obamacare. The average exchange plan is nearly $3,000 more expensive than it was 4 years ago. 
Dems win if we use it as slogan. We get his supporters who want it.
@playit7x @SenateGOP Any GOP or other that signs the DEATHCARE BILL will be 
voted out of office
guaranteed! That's a 
PROMISE!
Vote for it and call their bluff!
Fight! Fight!
Your a complete A! Just say your a socialist along with your your Indian brother Bernie!
They could care less, they just know there's big money there that they can reallocate to their rich donors, like a rebate.
So are you.
Correction, the GOP thinks you are a big joke.
Where are the 100's of amendments
No that's what you DEMs have been doing for 8 year's dingy!
Give us healthcare that you & the rest of the lazy do nothings in congress & senate won't exempt yourselves from. Like you did with O-care!
I Hope and Pray they lose big! 
I think POTUS should revoke exception for congress and put all members in the ACA exchange. Then it would get fixed.
That's true. But the question remains why every democrat isn't HAPPY to vote for single payer. It remains the only real answer to healthcare
No my dear Elizabeth, your the one using this as a political football!
WHEN are you people going to get trump OUT!! People wake up in this country scared everyday of what happens next! Bombs! Insurance! LGBT!
The rich are not going to pay you fools! It will come out of middle class paychecks worse than it is now! Single payer = less doctor's!
Senator, perhaps this is a low bar, but thank you for only voting for bills that you'd actually like to see become law.
I believe that!
Hike. I'm going long. The Dems are pathetic losers. You only want entitlements for votes. That's it. You have no idea of the real America.

YOUR VERSION of guaranteed health care is all a big joke YOU want to FORCE others to pay for guaranteed health care!

Lets not forget Indian
Just call it Medicare for all... "guaranteed healthcare" is too vague.
It is a joke, getting close to more takers than makers, now that's funny!
They should forfeit their and their familys' healthcare.They would then realize its importance and work more seriously and fairly to fix it.

No, you are.
Take @GOP healthcare and tell them it's not a right.
It doesn't work!! I just need you people to make it where the costs are AFFORDABLE and pharmacies aren't raping us on med prices.
Right back at ya
To bad the #Democrats didn't do the same w/ #ACA ?!?!? Still pimping for #BigPharma
I wonder how you'd feel if We. The. People. Took away your Privilege of taxpayer funded coverage that is better than we have access to.
Impress me and make your insurance the same as the people you clam to serve !!!
Healthcares not garaunteed.
Mr president u have a pen .. sign the document that will put congress back on Obamacare and see how fast they make it better !!!
Can u show me where our constitution says we are guaranteed HC ??
The idea of guaranteed healthcare of any sort is a joke, wench.
#SaveTheACA
Big joke? Look at the premium increases in every state. Is that a joke to you that Americans are paying those staggering premiums?
Your the joke the laughing stock of the Senate. You and a few others. Your legacy " wantta be Indian"  Indians do not blush it' in the DNA.
Aren't you? #SinglePayerNOW
That's better then being lied to by Dems that our premiums would go down 2500.00 and if we liked our plan and doctor we could keep them 
Any way possible, make the rich richer & more powerful.
Yet offering free shit to people for votes isn't political.
More Americans voted for Republican Senators & Representatives than Democrats. Wonder why? Because Dems are untruthful
Why don't give Americans your plan?
No #Pocahontas it's because we cannot afford it and we don't want socialist programs that will choke our country to death.
Locker room talk!
330,000,000 buying power group.  It's too easy.  They are protecting the drug companies.

Raise the challenge to walk hand in hand with Americans on ACA. Congress ceases care along side the people.
Pocahontas, get educated and learn something.
.@Scaramucci: "Whether it's repeal and replace or repeal and delay," we are moving to "freer system" of health care 
@TheDemocrats do it too!  I know, because I was one.
McConnell seems to think his fellow Republicans are as venal and corrupt as he is.  We shall see.
GOP and the DEM's also. DC is not working for the public. All this healthcare issue has turned into posturing for support & votes. Sick
Medicaid paid for my moms nursing home and if I end up in one I need it to pay for me. Don't people realize they will depend on Medicaid too
I wish they'd stop playing football with people's lives.
Hey Lizzy
Why don't you show them how to fix it? Obamacare hasn't worked out very well and you voted to give us that.
Theyre trying to get you to do your job and legislate This presidency has been a 6 month long legislative vacay for you and ur accomplices
Vote for it. We are outliers in the world!! Don't be afraid of our convictions.
If they submit that amendment, you better get your Corporate Dem col. to vote for it and show them it isn't a joke!
So it's time for a blitz and sack the quarterback #PunchHimInTheDickWhileYoureAtIt
I'm from Seattle. The GOP mellon heads realize how hard we play football up here, right? They've heard about our defense & how hard we hit?
Ye ai enjoy reading how they are playing with my health. Should she live or die.  I didn't ask for the preexisting condition. Not our fault!
Healthcare football NO JOKE. Too many ppl will suffer while  Congress is still playing. U will be accused of killing innocents.
Threatening Murlowski of Alaska with less that will benefit her state,AK citizens is shameful.What president acts that way if he loves US?
The "malignant narcissist" #9yrOldBully... #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid @SenDeanHeller @LisaMerkowski @susancollins   @SenateGOP #Resistance
sit down with gop and smoke a peace pipe
45 used a cabinet sec'y to threaten Murkowski if she doesn't vote 4 GOP healthcare.He doesn't want peace,wants submission after intimidation
would the Nebraska Kick back at 2am method  be more acceptable
Truth.
Their actions would suggest they're the feudal lords and most of Americans are serfs.  God Bless the wealthy and the corporations.  Go GOP.
You're a big joke #piehole
Please spread awareness of Repub members in Congress who benefit financially from their United Health investments:
Where's my gun? I demand the government issue me a new gun! It's my right! It says so right there in the Constitution!
Liberals will never be logical. They are too deep in their ideology to be reasonable Left lets #MAGA #ACARepeal 
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890643127693828096 …
He shamed a Republican that Voted Against the Repeal of Obama Care! So please Retweet that "OUR" President is a Bully himself
Pocahontas,... your using healthcare to persevere your Senate seat. You wont even enroll on the exchange because you know how bad it is.
They all have great insurance
This what I've been saying. Republicans treating politics like its a game. Its reality and people don't like when you mess with their lives.
The cynicism is all you and buddies Schumer and sanders who know this is ruse for single system to bankrupt country and usher in socialism
GOP=CrimeFamily cartel
When it's actually YOU that is the biggest joke in Congress. #Fauxcahontas #Liar #hypocrite #CorruptDNC #LunaticLeft #democratsarenuts
My guess is they will pull the 'Nuclear' option. I pray I'm wrong!
O NO. THEY DON'T KNOW FOOT BALL YET. THEY'RE STILL LEARNING SANDBOX. ESPECIALLY IN THE W. H. THE BOYS BEEN THROWIN' DIRT SINCE LAST NIGHT.
to continue the sports analogies DEMS should have voted for the interception and asked Collins and Murkowski to come along.
What comes out of your mouth is what YOU are doing. Typical democrat failed strategy
@SenateMajLdr #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #KillTheBillDontKillUs #Resist
What is sad Our President is the Biggest Bully and his Wife is saying she is going to work on Bullying She needs to start with her Husband
Agreed!
My friends and I were content with Obamacare but now we want a single payer coverage PERIOD! All because of GOP! 
They are making sport of people's lives.  It is disgusting.
#SaveOurHealthcare 
#SaveACA
#VoteThemOut @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @SenTomCotton @tedcruz @marcorubio @GOP
The joke is you fools didn't even attempt to be help. So you're just as if not more to blame. Obstructionists.
That's what you did when you created the ACA. How could you create such a monstrosity. Something  destined for failure from the beginning
SenDaines is a joke
Go into any ER, in any hospital, they are full of illegal aliens getting free healthcare, paid by tax dollars of working stiffs.
Healthcare is a public necessity like police dept or fire dept.
you can keep your doctor too.....
And you aren't?
This shows contempt for people's lives and for democracy itself - shameful- they should not be in congress
As someone with a chronic illness since conception, I'd love for my survival to not be seen as beholden to the whims of the maj party.
I'd also like to say to the Republicans and any Dems that have forgotten, YOU WORK FOR US!!! Not the other way around.
Dems are Using Health Care to "ENSLAVE" the People of our FREE NATION! Govt  "Single Payer Health Care" one of the steps to Communism

Please continue to do everything you can to fight for us and our healthcare, Sen. Warren!
Yes please make the politicians have the same healthcare we the people!
wonder where they got that idea?
Guaranteed how?
Their stuff is not health care. It is tax cut. Joke to call it health care.
#Resist #ImpeachTrumpNow #SaveACA
Obamacare raised our premiums, deductibles and lowered our coverage. What do you think about that? You voted for it.
See also: Clinton, Hillary, who you endorsed after your party's primary was already over. @SenWarren @SenateGOP.
Stick to the US Constitution please. Not some communist utopian fantasy.... see Venezuela and North Korea
the GOP set a trap and the Dems and Sen. Sanders fell into it...shame. Should have voted yes and showed where Dems and Progressives stand@
As a Canadian, I love single payer. I think Democrats need to work hard to sell the idea to the American public.
Trumpsters think it's a communist system.  Heaven knows we don't want *that* tainting our country. /sarcasm
Right. Because *that* is the ultimate problem threatening freedom. What about the freedom for everyone to live a healthy life?
Easy to have single payer when America foots the bill for your protection.
Single payer only covers the basics, but we can purchase more comprehensive coverage provincially + many employers provide coverage. 1/2
Can't wait until the real Indian runs against you, we want real not FAKE like you Warren!
Seriously? Congress is debating how many Americans to kill? How long are taxpayers expected to pay GOP politicians to pander to their base?
While they enjoy the best of health insurance paid for by the people they shit on.
