What can we do, Senator Warren? I am ready to fight on any level short of violence.
most of the liberals are happy to use violence.
What are your sources to support this?
you weren't watching the news on election night or during the inauguration?
I don't have TV, and as in ALL groups, there are people who go to extremes.
230 felony arrests Friday alone. From the people who claim to have the high ground?
Read the stats on Women's March....nothing to do with anarchy.
Everything to do with stupidity. Giant vaginas supporting sharia?
Please tell us how to fight back!
If women would cut men off off any kind of sex untill Trump is gone problem solved.
I see why you have such a random twitter handle.
Yeahhh...try harder sweetheart.
I don't have to try anything. I can just outbreed you abortionists ;)
Good luck with that.
Good luck with your murder. See how it fits at Judgement Day.
The only way fat, old men can feel adequate. Controlling women.
Worship death, go on, keep it up.
Oh and America just said... to your thinking.
Women always first target, especially poor,desperate,hungry around the world #DespicableDeplorable
Yep
Planned Parenthood is racist! Look up the History of the founder! That's why they are near inner city's!
not our job to find other countries abortions.
#ImpeachTrump #DumpTrump #ConstitutionViolator #TrumpTheTraitor #TrumpTheCriminal #TrumpTheHitler
hey if a woman wants to kill her baby she should at least pay for the murder
Women do all the hard work in childbirth and rearing Can mak their own choice http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
seriously ladies! No more nookie for them!
I think this is a great idea. Ya I'm a guy but I'm still for the idea. Problem solved soon
The Dems are clearing out the far left whack jobs like Warren. They will punt Warrren.
The dumbfuckery was astounding.
demanding investigation how do we know it didn't affect Republicans getting voted to office if 3-5 million voted illegally
Use birth control, why is that so hard?
BC makes me have a heart attack, and alergic to latex. Did perm. Bc.
Planned Parenthood butchers babies. That isn't women's rights.
Is it just a coincidence or was this signed in retaliation of the woman's march?
Weak men fear women
PPH is the MOST racist institution in the world. Look up there history! THIS is what you support Warren?
The founder is a KKK lover! "Negro family's should be rewarded for killing there baby" THIS is why they are in inner city's
thank you for fighting for/with us. :)
How ignorant can you be? No one is "attacking women's reproductive 'rights'". Some of us have a soul and believe in LIFE.
What would be the motivation to hurt women in poor countries and war zones?
How about unborn women's reproductive rights? I mean they can't grow up and have babies if dead!?
Yes it is an attack on women, he hates them as do all Narcissists
They want to return to the stoneage, where women never had any rights. It is horrifing
Unbelievable all progress we have made is going to be taken away, I cry for the women
PPH is racist The founder is a KKK lover who said "Negro family's should be rewarded for killing there baby" Liberals are sick
Trump takes power away from ALL women world wide.
Thank you for everything you are doing. You rock.
deplorable! 
all you dems are slacking !! Put some work in and get off twitter!! Smh
IT ISN"T the responsibility of the American citizen to pay for the killing of the unborn. Trumped!
Fight for us, Liz! 
really sad individual!



Important to know who his masters are.  (Not just Putin)
This is bigger than Trump. The incoming administration are far-right Christian Dominionists. Please read this thread & help amplify /1
Grating on America isn't enough, he won't be content until he's grating on the whole world.
Well, isn't human life valuable and sacred everywhere? #babylivesmatter
Retaliation for the March on Saturday?
I'm all for reproductive rights. Abortion is destructive, not reproductive.
gee not everyone of us is liberal liar like you there Mrs. Warren!  Integrity matters!
I am outraged we did this in the first place!
why as a tax payer I have to pay for things not even in this country?  Get your act together!
stop grandstanding, the Gallup Poll shows people don't like it when you do this!











I'm sorry you got the stupid, but as an American Taxpayer tired of my money being wasted #CongressSalaryBenefitsCUTNow
it is shocking that today one of the first things he does is this thing against women Did the March play a part along w his views
It's bizarre, research from World Health Organization shows abortion increases as result of gag
Thought we weren't forcing our beliefs on other nations... Do you read them, Or just Rubber Stamp?
@Jilly1109 Welcome 2Twitter Jilly. We who r Blues in Red states can find reassurance here that we R part of the moral majority.
Giving $M's to international orgs that promote abortions in no way helps best interests of America
I hate being told by anyone what I can/can't do with my body - second class citizens?
PP sells baby parts, u want to allow abortions at 8.5 months. U should be jailed
are you ready to concede PROTEST do NOT work against the corrupt GOP and BLOTUS?
well its just too bad warren. You sic democrats have been killing babies for far too long. Repeal...
could be because killed babies have no one representing them,they're a choice like our politicians?
"women in America should've helped other people instead of marching." I say your President doesn't agree
NO ON MY TAX Dollars, they chose unsafe sex, comes with repercusión, baby, want abortion,their money
If you are not part of the solution,you're part of the problem, they want abortion?No my tax dollars
And how exactly does this "make America great"?? What a door knob.
so many women rely on these health centers for basic health care for themselves and children.
states decision. Talk to your states representitive. Federal is as good as gone
Time for taxpayers to quit funding baby killing Pocahontas
we must stop this madness
we are not surprised.. we the people are outraged
Doesn't that just make you sick?! We must not stop fighting!
If a woman wants an abortion, let her pay for it. Can't afford it? Don't have sex.Use protection.
I'm sure you must feel like crap that u betrayed sanders and jumped to Clinton. Things could have been much different. #demexit
We, the American taxpayers, will not pay for the genocide of unborn infants.
@BernieCrats1 @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP I wish you would have supported #Bernie
Why is marriage equality considered done deal w Supreme Court ruling but not Roe v. Wade?
It is SO sad
Trump thinks women are second rate people, his manly hood is small so he takes it out on women

Not a single woman included in this decision. Men are running scared realizing they are the minority.
if GOP wanted to stop global abortion they would stop funding Israel - abortion is legal there
need to remind trump & #GOP that abortion is legal and sometimes subsidized by government in #Israel
@AmandaSeyfried @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP you should have ran Liz, too bad you did not.
When did this happen? You need to focus more on the work you DIDNT do as a Senator and stop this.
@GOPDonald Trump, what can I say,I am disgusted. How dare you? DEFY DEFY DEFY this man from the dark ages.
your fight is global as well-you are a Soros puppet. Dance puppet dance!
This is so awful. Can we stop govt payments for penile implants and ED if women have no rights?
@AmandaSeyfried @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP reproductive rights doesn't include murdering babies.  #closeurlegs
@AmandaSeyfried @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP All Donald Trump's fault, he screwed everything up and I want Trump out! 
he's not just for a better America, he's for a better earth :)
hopefully we won't end living like this. EVER! https://www.facebook.com/rajeshnvf/posts/1165321173582625 …
What is this!?
reproduction has nothing to do with killing children #fakeindian
Taking access to family planning away from women and calling it "pro-life" is ironic & horrifying.
Taxpayers should be paying for this and the gov shouldn't be subsidizing private  businesses
Yeah, we don't want to be forced to donate to any cause here or globally. You can donate if choose. 
You are a real Blabbercrat! Lie and twist the facts. Why should taxpayers fund abortions?
excellent Trump
Bunch of conservative elitist old white men deciding what's good for women. Again. Nasty Women Rebel!
Go home and whine , stop spreading negative energy on twitter ,you are full of egoism and depression
Elizabeth, we women must be united to stand up to him and fight! I'm with you 100%!
im a woman and dont want my tax money for programs other than keeping americans &constitution safe
You should be ashamed of yourself for supporting something so evil. We all will give an account 1 day
listen to Senator Warren. You have increased poverty and illness and death with this
Give that precious child up for adoption & women wouldn't h8 themselves for being a murderer.
How can you be so selfish to deny a life just b/c you have to bear it's burden for < 1 year?
It's defending life of the most innocent. Giving women rights to murder robs the right of life from a baby
two words Pocahontas - TERM LIMITS !!! Wodolooo oooo - LOL
@lady_scribbler @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP SCREAM BLOODY MURDER AMERICA THROW THE BUMS OUT
one thing I do like about the gop size ( of the crowds) don't seem to matter
what RU in the @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats going 2 protect s rights?
.

WOMEN MARCHERS,  LISTEN-UP !!!!

.
Trump 70yo man values this is short sighted & a proven & failure b/belt appeasement 4 Hypocrites
we will fight for our rights! Never give up!
And people question what the march was about!!!  Just took 1 day!!
To be expected, nothing but cowards &  hypocrites! #IllegitimatePresident #GOPScum
just like Bush, right wing mostly Men control of women reproductive rights. Trump doesn't have ethics
When men start getting pregnant & having babies then can can have a say...until then they have no say
Were 20 trillion in debt
Why stop abortion at birth?  Burden until 18 yo. What if mom changes her mind?
@POTUS @GOP why are conservatives obsessed with a woman's right over her body? Next they'll have us all covering our faces.
This is unacceptable.  You talk isolation @POTUS then leave the others along. No vagina no say!
no, it just stops funding, not rights.
Define reproductive rights please. SPECIFICALLY.
My body. My choice. My sister's body. Her choice. Not the Republicans.
: Since when do we have the right to control other nations' social business with our US tax $'s? ~  L
Baby Boy is having a tantrum over Womens March.
not well liked even in other countries. people every day laugh at him & ask if he has head problems.
today they made their HATE global. they arent 'fighting' they are attacking
@POTUS  @GOP Spicer: Trump et al "stand up for all Americans, including the unborn" What about standing up for ALL mothers?
A bunch of a**holes. Thanks for ur fighting, Senator!
Stay out of our UTERUS. We're not going back 40 years of autonomy and health care. No way.
never stop fighting back
I am sure woman can google it. They can find healthcare, U don't need USA tax $
I heard that the woman's March was organized by Hamas, a terrorist group!!
Taxpayer funding comes with regulations.#LiberalHypocrisy
has nothing to do with reproductive rights, or her body...has to do with killing
PP s/b privately funded.  Why s/ppl that don't believe in abortion pay 4 it
Why should pro-life women have their rights attacked?
really, they dont rule the global & if they try, there blood will be spilled
get on ABC, MSNBC,etc to tell this story. Please help!
The leaders of GOP know what's best for All women here in the US and around the World
A group of nasty men try's to rule and ruin the world.
politics and what we can and should do. I can't sit idly by anymore.
There is an anger that my wife and I have I never thought could exist. In the past 4 days, we have learned more about, tbc
fight?  the founder of PP was a nazi sympathizer, globalist and racist.  Fight that.
Of course, what country is helping us pay our bills?  lunacy we pay high prems, but provide for other countries free?
if women overseas want them, let them pay for it
He wants Global domination it seems. Hitleresque again!
"Quality men don't fear equality." Looks like we've got shortage of quality men in WH. #WomensMarch
I'm not feeling respect from the President. I am feeling threatened & like I've got a target on.
when you are voted out of office you'll be free to go abroad and take this fight global
@bschu99 @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP #divorcetrump #WomensMarch
men made this decision for women in extreme poverty & in need of birth control. Thanks, guys.
they I'll cause more horrors in those countries.  US business will take over and exploit their resources in name of humanity...
@ABlueResister @PPFA @realDonaldTrump @GOP Newsflash, they're outnumbered.
Does he know it has been tied before.
most jobs trump promises are in constrution not office
so sad. Please do all you can to help women world wide. This is such a mistake
The @POTUS is now the biggest global threat to woman.
I'm horrified by this
why would tax dollars go to foreign organizations to pay for abortions should have never been there
hes a frickin orange  pig
here's an idea for a new bill #WomensMarch #womensrights #fightlikehell
HE WILL BE IN OFFICE NO MORE THAN TWO YEARS. Put $Amount on all rollbacks. This ain't Walmart!
Many people today are political extremists who lack the skills to accept differing beliefs.
. This is the face I give Trump and his administration. Women should have the right to choose
and they wonder why the women's match was worldwide.
OMG is this really happening please please help us all this is just the beginning I'm afraid!!!!!!!!!
Sorry- this type of comment/direction makes some women in America recoil in Horror. Self- degrading/sanctioned.
can you explain why US taxes should pay for foreign abortions? This seems like a great way to save US money.
how come the Biggest preSidential blunder in history happens every day now? 
Gag rule = women die. Perhaps that is what these men want in the end. https://www.reproductiverights.org/document/breaking-the-silence-the-global-gag-rules-impact-on-unsafe-abortion …
