Good the system did not work
Dud you use the system.
No I didnt the system was not put together well enough Maybe the new system if it is better
keep fighting the good fight Sen Warren - you give us all hope
What phonies all of U R. Act so concerned abt ACA but exempted yourself when signed into law. HYPOCRITE.
OBAMACARE isn't good enough for you!! Why is it good for the rest of America?? #DRAINTHESWAMP
More propaganda from the Democratic party who puts party before country & duty.
yessssss!!!
GREAT!
it up, Elizabeth.  You are trying to divide the government.. PERIOD!
as long as you dump that Tax called HC..
Please don't vote for Tom Price!
Replacing the ACA with something weaker would be a death sentence for many.  Don't let it happen!
....is the lead loser! Will lose his seat in 2 years! Your fired !
what is your point Senator?
match made in heaven
Keep after them Senator, we're counting on you. #ACA
Naturally... @realDonaldTrump is a Putin puppet..who's been instructed to destroy  @HHSGov
you have to block this one no excuse no exception no comprises!  Hoping to support u for president!
this is exactly what WE, the American people voted for! #repeal
The Patient Freedom Act looked like a burden lifted to me.
If u like your doctor, keep your doctor. I never had sex with that woman.  Protest video doomed Benghazi
Hubby is 60 yrs old&just got fired from job of 16 yrs. ACA is $600 a mo. since Texas won't allow subsidies!All we have is my SSDI
the ACA is a disaster. And it got several of our Dem leaders unelected for supporting. Learn to listen.
People are beginning to learn Obamacare & ACA are the same. Congress will face a backlash on this.

I'm a doc. Called AMA and gave them what-for for supporting Price. "Shame on you. You do not speak for me."
we cannot let it happen ... and it won't !!
it's all just so unbelievable and appalling. Trump is still getting away with no tax returns...
yay! So excited! You don't see anything good in anything! When is ur seat up again, 2018? We can't wait!
#ADDHERNAME
My question..why no changes/adjustments  to make ACA better by you or the gop for yrs now
What's Dem plan beside do nothing+let ACA self destruct + implode on its own Shameless @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @HHSGov @seanhannity
And he's a doctor.
Finally!! ACA made affordable Care unaffordable. Looking forward to being able to afford it again.
Rick Scott the slimy Governor of Florida is working closely with Price - see Miami Herald

Block him!
yes he is and a true American patriot he is too...
@WhitfordBradley @realDonaldTrump @HHSGov 
Don't reelect anyone who votes for this guy.
@WhitfordBradley @realDonaldTrump @HHSGov as a cancer patient, I can't understand how he still calls himself MD
Correct! Your smart
Perfect!
yea baby.  Say bye bye

yessss
AWESOME!! Hire him!
If u think it's so wonderful then why aren't u on it Senator?!
It should b repealed! I'm on it & it is absolutely worthless just like u r!
that's exactly correct, you've killed middle-class, Trump will save us, stay out of the way
@allanbrauer @realDonaldTrump @HHSGov when so many asks him not to, shame he won't leave stem to anyone but his GOOD BRAIN
Has he picked ANYONE who will not hurt us in some way ?
Thank you @SenWarren! You impress me every day!@realDonaldTrump, please do your job starting tomorrow as you were elected to do! #LowEnergy
The American People rejected Obamacare when they rejected Hillary Clinton.
not true
Please let the Trump’s nominees speak themselves in to their own traps. Interrupting answers only creates unnecessary animosity.
WHO is the LEAD in our House & Senate to FIGHT to SAVE our Healthcare?! #ACA
good
The GOP is clueless on this. They have no idea the massive scope of this. They are in for a surprise as
to how much work is involved in this. Their leader even MORE clueless. Hope they have magic wands!!
~ @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @HHSGov Worst nominees! Hard choice:stupidity on part of Trump or nefarious intentions on part of Vlady Daddy
:Did U realize that ALL health ins. payments went up the day the ACA was announced & no 1 had been seen yet?Why did U support it?
-Once the plan was rushed in,it needed to be fixed but never was.It should of been a priority to correct
-You had years to fix the plan,lower deductibles,make it affordable n yet everything just kept going up
:oh yes, ACA will be reparable & replced & you lie 2 yourself about it being 'affordable'!! I can't afford it anymore.
keep helping us Senator Warren!!! I hope Reps open their eyes to this farce.
That's great news !
Good,  now we are getting somewhere...
architects build things
Yes this is why we voted 4 him & why we won't vote 4 U again @SenWarren
just say no to repealing 
ACA. Please !
I'm still waiting for my $2500 in savings that I was promised...  please let me know when I will see it
you're a respected sitting Senator. Round up the "no" votes and derail the nomination. Remember Bork
Excellent! The sooner that POS legislation is repealed the better
He's also a foe of women's healthcare.
gee, how convenient.
That's the reason he was Picked, Donald all about the Rich .
he's a great pick. Time to clean house
Good. Reply to posts. Unaffordable health care and unaffordable deductibles get a clue!!!!
I would like to know what your premium is and your deductibles are? I cant afford it Can you?
Well, that's the point. It's NOT affordable & Trump promised to repeal & replace it.
Fuck me!!!!
Yea!!!!!
Price is dishonest. Cares nothing for American people. Do Not Confirm! Worst pick ever.
Then he's appointed the right man!
ohh look another einsteinium in congress lmao
Let's keep him out.
Seriously, Senator, what in the fresh heck is going on down there? Why aren't the Repubs also scared of this obvious ineptitude?
after 2/Moro when trump gets in. I hope everybody ACA is payed up we're all going to get sick 
he's an American hero. You are are an American embarrassment
this is not the govt working for the people
GOOD.
Pocahontas, the law is a disaster, you know it is. If it is so great, why are you not on a plan to show people how great it is?
You know calling her Pocahontas is a racial slur. No one will take u seriously if u actually trying to make real point
So is Fauxcahontas better?  SC may be right to an extent, but claiming heritage where there's none...?
You are a child no sense in me trying to engage with you
stop the fear mongering. it's replace a failing system
.
thank u and the other Dems for fighting for the peoples rights. Give them hell! #notmypresident
Keep pushing on this; the catastrophic/hi-deduct. ins. GOP will likely adopt is worst than having no ins
excellent!! That's the idea, one of Trump's campaign promises!
Keep fighting for us Senator 
yeah becuase it's not affordable...where's your logic ms. Warren? #MAGA #TRUMP45
Warren you and your fellow corrupt Dems sold American workers short while filling your pockets. Pathetic
That's no good.
go get 'em Liz!
Terrific! God Bless Mr.Trump!
thank you for all of your due diligence. It must be frustrating but I wanted you to know u r appreciated
Please do not vote for Price
Please don't let him be confirmed!
agreed
I bet he is ready to buy or sell Health care stocks in order to make more money #insidertrading
you mean like how Obama amended the Stock Act allowing Congress to trade on insider information?  #PresidentTrump
-- truly a concern as is the privatization of PBS/NPR and elimination of the humanities and arts. Sad!
You're beautiful and smart.  keep it up
Something MUST be done! The cabinet picks are just shameful to our country.
absolutely shameful!
get him out of there!
How is every pick in direct opposition the job? None of his picks make any sense.
So he knows what's happening. Good.
Right, that's what people voted for so now it will happen
I didn't vote for this crap  those rednecks did I hope they like what's coming
He's already looking out for law abiding Americans
We need to stop this man.
