you Democrats are the last to be talking about American values since you're the new American Communist Party!!
didn't @MitchMcConell literally NOT let Liz speak on the house floor? Like five days ago?
RULE 19 OF THE SENATE RULES, disparaging the reputation of a fellow senator on the senate floor!!
yet the four senators after her were allowed to read the letter? Yeah.
RULE 19

100%
it's sad when our government leaks security info to the press for political gain, democrats are evil.
Pokey,
Do you ever speak with calm assurance?Does it always have to include wild, crazed attacking rants. Getting old.
you're the hateful one Indian
Disheartening to say @ this pt the removal of all D.C. swampers 'is a win for American values'. @DrainThe_Swamp @realDonaldTrump
if they keep leaking intel n spewing lies calling it 1A Right going to drain it for us
But he needs to be investigated, not just let go. This is not the whole story. We need answers before it's too late.
Yes, if (as it appears) his actions were treasonous, he needs to be prosecuted. If he had collaborators, them too.
I see they're citing "executive privilege". Treasonous acts shouldn't have any shield to hide behind. This is nuts!
Obama did the same thing, "fast and furious " ring a bell?
you are just plain crazy
how do you dream up all your crazy thoughts?
@erikforCO there are some real bad hombres advising Trump & Co. I think we all know exactly who they are #FineTunedMachine
Flynn was a Democrat, appointed by Obama to head the DIA. Trump needs to pick someone more Conservative to replace him.
That and hopefully along with this whole corrupt WH. TOP DOWN.
not until Trump is impeached will it be a win for American values
you need Jesus
YES
You sound like a conservative.
Are these the misguided values your referring too?
General Thomas Harwood is my security pick...honorable man
why don't you work this hard on policy that is legit? Why are you so worried about Trump? Do you're job Senator!
YOUR removal would be a win for American values!!
Do American values include some of the horrible and dangerous lies you have told? Not MY values, and I am American.
fight tooth and nail. Thank you!!
your love of Islamic ideology concerns me. It equates with suppression of women and killing of gays.
Flynn must quickly be interrogated before he lawyers Up he knows everything we all know he was told to make those calls 
ANDwe KNEW that! 4 yrs of Do-It-Anyway/pay the price/act surprised while we CLEAN IT UP - putting our country in harm's way?
you are our hero....keep trying to get the best for ppl....beware of these hateful ppl
@POTUS @SenateGOP we need a complete investigation of this crooked Russian WH that trump has put together!#ImpeachDonaldTrump
Your goal is really to undermine the POTUS! With your ilk, we would never have had a Country--no guts!
Let them  have it, Sen. Warren!!! Expose ever lie the #SocalledPOTUS tells!!
Any values that allow you to keep the dully elected President from doing his job is disgraceful, repugnant and obstructive.
can't wait until 2018 to vote all democrats out of my state. live in Missouri so you better say your good byes to claire mcascal
#FailingPOTUS
OMG....bring religion into it....shameful!!!
an exhaustive investigate to see how far the Russian tentacles reach in the Trump admin is essential. Please PERSIST!
How does it feel knowing that nothing is getting done for the american people simply because you're upset about the election?
Remember that the Repubs inexplicably removed the anti-Russia plank from their platform at the convention!!!
Our election was tampered with. Ask Obama to come back while we hold a new election.
That's after the facts.  How's your book deal, you sure are cashing in now? Don't get me wrong I'm all about self preservation.
But don't try to be miss goody to shoes that crap does not fly.  Make your millions before you leave or retired.
Your hatred for Banks, 1%, non-lefiltist, and lying about your ancestry Disqualifies you from being a senator. Fauxcahontas.
Except they will replace him with someone similar. Follow the money there is really foul play afoot here.
wtf does a bitchn indian know?
Funny how you get Flynn transcripts but not the transcripts to the Ambassador in Benghazi.
Where is the US Uranium that the Clinton's facilitated the sale to Russia.  Hopefully it is not being used on those missiles.
You are running for POTUS right? #MAGA8
@westgal51 its time 2 Lock him up. Lock him up. Lock him up as he wanted 4 HRC..#Lockhimup
glad he's gone
Maybe the Trump administration doesn't know what vetting is?
@ColinJChoate 
Why didn't you complain when he was part of Obamas appointees?
Did he change?
but the problem is...he never should have been confirmed. WTF is that all about? FIRE THEM ALL!
let's remove the Donald now.  We deserve better.
@ddsv3 he was giving FAKE REPORTS!
Who let Warren out?
lol shady Russian ties? You mean like ur girl Clinton selling all the US uranium rights to Russia?
@Yolie4MS He's been racist and racist hires Racist. What a joke this government is. They broke the law.
That can that about many in his cabinet, please do not vote to confirm any others.
45 put every American In Danger . Lied For Weeks Leaving A Rat In Place With  Higest Security Clearances #FlinGate #Impeach45
Spicer’s “Just a matter of trust…” admits Trump has such POOR JUDGMENT that he chose as NSA a man who lied to him from day one.
now about the rest of Wall Street on Pennsylvania Ave...
YES!!!! BEST VALENTINES DAY EVERRRRRRR......
who's next?
yes but let's demand full investigation! Flynn and Russia connections
but being a crazy lying cat lady is fine....
I stand behind you.
Did you say the same when Obama hired him.
You, Maam, are FULL of HATE AND SHADE. Hope this is your last term. I'm not a name caller like you, but sure think you're wrong.
Now we need to vet Warren to resign, With a few of the other Swamp Creatures!
@MAHAMOSA Can't stop there though, must investigate further.  There is more to discover down that rabbit hole
@MAHAMOSA except for we don't know how much damage he's already done.
#FlynnGazi   We demand the truth!!!!
WARREN/BOOKER 2020
Your removal would be a gift. Please resign you divisive extremist.
however, the fact that he had access to national security info for 3 weeks is unsettling. ugh.
you are a senior eitch
we want an investigation!  What did the president know and when did he know it?  Hacking?  Tax returns?  Too many questions.
@SenSanders @JoyAnnReid @KeithOlbermann @maddow Let the chants begin. "Lock him up".
.@SenWarren @RepCummings @CNN @MSNBC @SenSanders Americans suffering thru more hateful rants assaulting people who have different values
Lock him up, lock him up, lock him up! One of snake Flynn's campaign chants against Hillary. Karma is a bitch. Hahaha!
Next up!  #PutinsApprentice Drumpf.
it's working Se. Warren, they say pressure will bust a steam pipe. Keep the pressure on TD  Se. Warren, he's about to bust! 
next in line to the exit door Kellyanne Conway
@MelissaFazli SCREWED by OBAMA SPIES!! HELL will FREEZE OVER before a LIBERAL is EVER ELECTED as PRESIDENT!!
well said
@Insurgent_Storm One down. Many more to go. We will persist.
lock him up
What happened to you Senator? FLYNN WILL BE REPLACED BY SOMEONE EVEN WORSE I GUARANTEE IT. Stop with the DNC/Hillary/loser tweets
"...blinding religious hatred..."? Ironic. You are possibly the most visceral, myopic; and somewhat juvenile member of congress.
This is on the Republicans, they voted him in. Circus!
this whole thing is fishy. Flynn... But where's investigation on TRUMP. He's involved. No doubt!
That's the reason he was with Trump. Look at the rest of his staff. Flynn was a light weight.
Elizabeth Warren, you are a bad bitch...\m/ I LOVE YOU!
It is a win but the the trump administration is complicit. They are like decaying teeth! Extract and Discard!
Nothing like #DrainTheSwampOfGatorsFillWithCrocs, huh?
Picking em off 1 by 1. Just hope it's in time 2 stop total destruction of our country. There's so many guilty parties.
the bad news is trump still gets to pick his replacement...
Hello ? Flynn is a #Trumpty_Dumbty fall guy for #Trump_bots to distract the media from #Trumpty_Dumbty$ broken promises.
That's General Flynn to you! You are a liar pocohantas. Why are u worth 15 million on ur salary? Imposter, fake, liar
But how bad must the "runner up" be? Cringeworthy!
and it doesn't stop there. Pence, Bannon, Tillerson, Ivanka all of them know. We demand a new election.#impeach
Thank you for your fight Senator! Keep up those dukes!! :-)
He resigned. He wasn't 'removed', liar.
#LockHimUp
i think he's just the fall guy, this business is far shadier than one man!
no we need to get rid of you 2 monkeys of the American back!!!
Do what you do best.. step by step
Yes, but what's coming next? Do you think the replacement will be better? You know the republicans are a rubber stamp.
progressive liberals like you alt left America haters have no idea what our values are,you've lost Dem base now
....That would depend on who replaces Flynn.
American democracry will need many more wins like that.
so how do we make the GOP accountable for their collusion?
but it's not over yet. keep digging!
Who's next?
pick one. Any one. Or two. Or ten. Or 50. They all need to go. Many #arrested
bet you hate christians!
you have the crappy behavior expected of liberals not the behavior a true Democrat .
The FIRST removal of many, I hope.
And stupid people called Clinton dishonest. Trump is nothing but walking and talking dishonesty and lies and so are his people.
Now get the rest of lousy bunch out of OUR White House
The removal of Trump as president would be a win for american people. Trump must be IMPEACHED before he destroys this country.
unfortunately our King blames the messengers rather than the message...
@Msiclvr58 yeah but Flynn is only the tip of the iceberg!!! We need this whole cabinet investigated.
@onahunttoday it's time for you to force an independent investigation.
Treason! The President and everyone connected to him.
when will he be tried for treason along with @realDonaldTrump
Please don't stop there! Much more to uncover. Resist.
Today, I have no confidence in our government. I don't feel safe, and we the people have been betrayed by Repubs who are silent.
What was lost in the 18 do it took to shitcan a blatantly obvious traitor? Whatever it takes @DNC you MUST panel investigate
That was sure short-lived! Betsy DeVoss is Next! 
Blinding religious hatred? Keep serving up that red meat to your followers - but do you recall the voters rejecting it last Nov?
Demand an investigation! Trump was behind it!
start approving trumps cabinet
remember how you are behaving know, because all this will come back and bite you in the ass.
Your removal would be much better for the country!!
amen
And a repudiation of our GOP senators who voted party.. not national security, country, & principles. #draintheswamp
Warren for President, we love you!!
His conviction would be even more of a win.
#investigatetrump
blonding religious hatered?  Can you ever be human?  You sound like a hyperactive dope.
no madam, what ever u r....real win for USA  is when UR GONE
now arrest and jail this traitor!!
being white didn't stop you from being disqualified from a teaching job as you lied about your race. People in glass houses.....
This shouldn't preclude an investigation of this entire Admin for covering up treason.
News is back. #lockhimup
Yes!
Yes, it is. And now we need to hear the rest of the story.
your last day in senate is coming soon  @fauxcahontas
couldn't agree more. The @GOP is a complete disaster. What a mess. They ALL need to go!!! #OutLikeFlynn
I fully agree we cannot allow him to become the scapegoat if we do it lets everyone else off the hook!
being your a socialist what would you know about American values
@wechoosewisdom what a flawed choice that Republicans approved
@ladycjsanders a better win would be a full investigation of Trump!!!
Who pulled the anti-ballistic missile system from Poland at Russia's request?
as bad as off mic "I'll have a lot more flexibility after the election...". Who said that?
your removal would be a win for me. Do you like anyone associated with President Trump. You sound like a broken record.
Same you could say for DT,please investigate thoroughly,we are in danger and our relationship with the world is greatly affected
Under current circumstances, does it mean anything? Flynn was a RELATIVELY smaller actor in the POSSIBLY larger schemes underway.
should anyone who is caught lying resign from public office
but Deportation will continue and advocation to rescind DACA. No GC/Visa for law breakers.
love when we support our Veterans, oh unless they don't fit our agenda, then we need to trash them hard.  Sickening you are Poco!
@RealFriscoKid gee when was OBAMA going to be impeached for protecting and funding ISIS...
how about sending a plane load of cash to Iran was that shady
how about Hillary given plutonium to Russia was that considered Shady
Let's talk about your American Values?? Do you have them now? Have you apologized to the Native American people? Do right thing?
@AlamoOnTheRise I don't say this often enough - Thank you Sen Warren for continuing to speak out.
@nanatoyou Rush Limbaugh sputtering now that the left has the scalp they'll never quit. For once he's right. RT
