.@RepKClark to Sec. DeVos: “I am shocked that you cannot come up with one example of discrimination that you would stand up for students.” 
@CNN @ChrisCuomo Please report on Betsy DeVos and her department's shenanigans.
Her lack of an answer is telling. I suggest the congresswoman ask the question quickly andlket @BetsyDeVosED fill the airtime with her lies
3) knew that she wouldn't stand up for ANYONE unlike her: RICH & WHITE. 
Not only does she not stand up for all kids, she is championing a system that says 'some kids -aka non white kids- don't get an education
Some kids -aka LGBTQ kids- don't get an education.
& the triple whammy 
Some kids -aka anyone not like @BetsyDeVosED don't get an education
5) don't care if they're black,white, Hispanic, LGBTQ, polka dot or whatever,
Free Appropriate Public Education is the cornerstone of a great democracy.
Caverflo Natural Herbal Coffee A person just died from the chemicals in this coffee We need to keep inspectors to keep this from happening.
I watched it. I'm still blown. This woman is bringing us right back to Jim crowe.
Unfortunately Congress is not doing enough to stand up to Trump and his administration
Ain't that the truth? It's time for @GOP to grow a spine & stand up to this charlatan.
My child relies on an IEP I fear if she has her way children like mine will be discarded as burdens and left in underfunded public schools
This is the same worry I have about my son. When will all of this end?
I don't know sadly, but I do know ALL kids deserve a challenging, rewarding experience in school where their abilities are recognized!!
Then start focusing overseas where kids lack education, this conversation is about lifestyle choice , not education.
My son was born prematurely & caused developmental delays that will affect him his entire life. Tell me how this is a lifestyle choice?
Yes. @thescottocracy plz provide link to yur grndbrking research linking neurological differences and lifestyle choices in children
"Too many children today are trapped in schools that don't work for them" 
So you're going to allow schools to discriminate?? @BetsyDeVos
Betsy devos is a God fearing http://Christian.you  should make your peace with God. Read your Bible!
Politics is horrifying. I'm horrified by hacks who impersonate minority group members for gain!
I just don't understand how people can be appointed to office with no background in the area in which they serve. Killing public education.

https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/870694255810850816 …
She was appointed to single-handedly destroy the US Dept of Education. THIS ADMIN needs to be removed before they irreparably damage the US
You are attempting to tell America we screwed up .you we think are great but we must now live with what we have .keep up the good work.
Big kids are taking education imbecile. Go play in the corner like a good little Trumpkin.
@amjoyshow Does Betsy DeVos want 'secure schools' or 'mini-prisons'? Hmm?
Now that is sad. She probably didn't know the answer.
She is absolutely clueless.  And she's our Secretary of Education.  How. Did. This. Happen.
She is heavily invested in Charter schools.  She wants to end Public Education. Problem is, charters take the best and leave the rest.
I was very disturbed by her comments or lack of knowledge or not answering questions. Protect disabilities act, equality for all children.
So it's OK for schools to receive federal tax $, but practice discrimination? Is that how low we've stooped?
DeVos what rock did you crawl it from?
Sickening.
DeVoss is a freaking nut job way in over her head.
I agree. I am terrified for the future of America's children
i question what you find "horrifying" when you easily endorse Planned Parenthood - the largest, greediest killing machine in America.
This is so sad to have a person that is so ignorant head of education.
disgraceful
They are "legalizing" discrimination using tax payers money, period. How far are we going to let this travesty go?
DeVos is De-scusting.
DeVos, like her Orange Overlord, is DeVoid of humanity, compassion, tolerance, civility and intelligence. She BOUGHT her appointment...
This is not good!
DeVos' performance would have been funny if she wasn't toying with our kids future... Pathetic!
This lady (calling her Secretary of Education is an insult to her predecessors) is the most unqualified person to ever hold this position.
How about a Clark amendment disallowing federal funds for schools practicing discrimination.
#ClarkAmendment disallow federal funds for educational institutions that discriminate
SHE CANT SPELL & PUT THE CORRECT WORD'S IN A SENTENCE. SO SAD FOR AMERICAN 'S KIDS , MUCH TAKE AWAY HER #2 pencil 
#resign 
Warren is a moron.
Shame on this woman
B4 I'm offered a job my qualifications & competencies are verified. How did Betsy DeVos qualify? Ck book?
She never answers the questions, this woman has NO place in the department of education GET RID OF HER she is disgraceful
Cant wait to have the ability to make my own choice for my childs school.  Last person we need is your forcing us into terrible schools.
Another example of complete ignorance and prejudice that I have come to expect from Betsy DeVos.
Wow this women is a racist hater and should in no way have the job she does
just watched your testimony.  You are horrible and unqualified to do this job.  STAND UP FOR ALL CHILDREN EQUALLY.  you are a disgrace
@cspan Deplorable DeVos. Shame. Shame.
Kick @BetsyDeVosED out! How can you NOT support STUDENTS when your department is ABOUT STUDENTS?! @BetsyDeVosED Hope Karma gets back at you!
I'm appalled, equal education is 100% not on her agenda. Which Ghostbuster do we call? I'm ready to dial
I've been shocked for 7yrs of discrimination allowed by 44 democrat/liberals. 44 created funded b l m cop killing thugs with our TPayers$
@cspan it is because in her privileged bubble she has no idea about what goes on in education.
An appalling statement  by anyone, it is an utterly appalling statement by someone considers themselves educated. Education is quality!
It's the same non-answer we always see in front of committees.  #brokenamerica  get rid of dept of education and let states have the power
This is what happens when you screw the candidate that would have beat Trump.
@BetsyDeVos , herself, is horrifying.. putting someone who is TRULY CLUELESS in charge of America's education system is even worse.
SHE IS WORTHLESS ANOTHER RIVH FRIEND WHO DONATED MONEY FLEECING AMERICA
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, blind them with bullshit!
This is what #payforplay gets us, unqualified people they haven't a clue they're supposed to, 1, WORK and 2, FOR US.
One problem is she is a two or three talking points appointee who doesn't have the depth of knowledge to even back up her horrible thoughts.
@cspan your lack of ethics LYING about Cherokee heritage is appalling.
You new name is Debbie Downer because everything  you say is negative. Who wants to listen to you constantly complain?
She has no shame
Parents may be given final say over curriculum, but you cannot give final legal say to parents over matters affecting indv rights. Period.
@cspan @DanScavino As horrifying as U letting ppl die cause U didn't stand up to fix flaws in ACA. Walk- Talk
What do you expect.  Really.  Can't even bring her own pencils on the first day
this is appalling! DeVos is taking us right back to segregation in our school systems!!
This is important to watch: DeVos is not going to help protect your children from the lions;she will threw them to the floor of the Coliseum
This is when they hire someone whose resume doesn't match the job description. Of course It is the Apprentice White House Edition
Disgusting
Thank you again Senator Warren for all of your efforts. It is appreciated very much.
DeVos is taking my tax dollars to have schools discriminate against me. She is a pathetic excuse for a federal appointee.
Horrifying, but no surprise.
She's Incompetent and ill equipped to serve our country!
Let's be honest... whenever she speaks I am horrified
When Gov Wallace stood on U of Alabama steps w a shotgun, denying the first black applicants "over my dead body", the feds forced him. Now?
Not near as horrifying as your present activities, when you were elected & paid to do the American peoples bidding.
.@BetsyDeVosED You are horrifying. I am in Goa, India right now and they have better policies for children in the global economy.
DeVos is horrible. That she'll allow any & all discrimination from schools against students is awful. And she's too chickenshit to admit it
DeVos is truly despicable. She is clearly not intelligent enough for this job, and has her own warped agenda.
@cspan You dumocrats have lost any credibility you had. Hillary Clinton destroyed. The party
"This isn't about students making choices, it's about use of federal dollars" she hit the nail on the head
Yeah Devos is incompetent
How did Congress approve this monstrous disgrace?
What a shame !
Everything is horrifying to Pocahontas
Disgusting
Thank you for bringing attention to this with the Trump maelstrom going on everywhere.  DeVos is horrifying.
I am a teacher, I totally agree!!
Senator, WE! GET! IT! Remember, studies show charter schools perform worse than publics, cost more, and unaccountable. See: @DianeRavitch
Will 2017 Inservices focus on The Art of Triple D: Methods to Distract, Deflect & Deny Accountability? #Questions4Betsy #AllStudentsMatter!
DeVoss is despicable
Rubber room. With pay. How's that for an example. But you won't stand up to that to your union donors.
This lack of an answer takes us back to the 1940-50's when discrimination was rampant How horrible-I don't want my tax dollars used this way
I have one. When a teacher molests a student buy can't be fired because of tenure and they are a public employee. Send them to runner room
Another example of the friggin nightmare brought about by @realDonaldTrump that continues to haunt Americans. As a teacher, I am outraged!
Horrifying is all the LIES coming from Pocahontas mouth. It getting better but blocked by pile of Democrap.
MULTIPLE SOURCES NOW STATE DONNA BRAZILE AND ROBBY MOOK CONNECTED TO SETH RICH MURDER.
what if there was a school that excluded white christians?

This is more than horrifying, it's scandalous.
Betsy, you are in no way qualified to lead educators.
Devos is truly out of her leaque. She's doesn't seem to grasp or even understand our laws that protect our children's education.
What if they discriminated against Amway distributors?  She might protest that.
Warren your lack of brains is horrifying.
Lizzy, what's so awful is you calling your self Pocahontas and telling everyone you were an Indian just to get a job! Very disrespectful
End Federal funds from the ED. Taxation is theft.
You are horrifying
Her lack of knowledge has always frightened me.
I'm sorry but Sec. DeVos was a wrong choice for the position in first place.Waste of time, a "yuge' set back to all progress made under 44th
Unfreakinbelievable. Omg.
Warren your a whack job.
Go RepClark. DeVos will destroy public education in the US if you cannot stop her
How the F did this piece of shit get this job?
Horrifying is right. What an immoral, spineless hypocrite she is.
Come disregard for human life
I can't believe we are moving backward to ownership, hatred, exclusion, Great again? I scratch my head we have never seen greatness
Devos&Carson will destroy the opportunity for education&a life dreamed of.They are poison to edu&housing. #DevosFraud#nohometrainingCarson
Wow!  #DeVos' response is unbelievable! Has she no morality? Another shocking stance from the #Trump Administration
#BestyDevos is a not fit to lead maggots
Senator I am not shocked. DeVos has only one agenda. Hers. She will not stand up against discrimination. She's destroying dept of Ed. 
Does anyone in DC give a goddamn about this country? Try to do your fucking job, once.
Painfully sad on a soul level
SICKENING! @BetsyDeVosED is a pathetic joke of a "leader" and anti LGBTQ
THIS IS SCARY
DeVos should never have been approved by the Senate!
Bravo Rep Clark!!
Pot meet kettle.
but not shocking. @BetsyDeVosED is the @PressSec of Education Secretaries. #InOverHerHead #Unqualified
When @BetsyDeVosED says not every school works for every child, I know what she means: some families don't want those black or disabled or..
gay students mixing with their "perfect" white, rich, cis-gender kids. I have totally figured out her code. Listen to that video again & C!
Elizabeth, @BetsyDeVosED breaks my heart. What can I do to stand up against her? Her plans and ideas for our public schools terrify me
I take it back, @BetsyDeVosED isn't clueless, she is pure evil!  She knows exactly what she's doing.
Disgusting.
Sounds like you answering questions @SenWarren.  Y'all should be besties.
Lizzy our schools in the 413 are being taken over by the state. Stop throwing stones from your glass house!
Horrifying? Drama much?
OMG! Devos is just an incompetent Secretary of Education. What a hypocrite.
DeVos! To the back of the bus! No, further! The bumper!
Unbelievable...she is the horror story
Disgusting responses from Sec. DeVos. @usedgov
Kind of crazy - first does not want to pay taxes that pay for vouchers - then wants to by pass all federal laws - if you want choice u pay
Bosses seek people in their own image. Devos fits the mold of Trump. She is one of the deplorables! Trump is surrounded by them.
Horrifying. So grateful to @senwarren & @repkclark for your courage and willingness to fight. You give me hope. We must all do our part.
DeVos is a horrible human being.
Awful awful awful.
Betsy is correct.
As the government is non-discriminatory in its taxation, it cannot discriminate in its distribution. Why I support the @RepThomasMassie plan
God help our special children The days of our children being placed in basement classrooms will happen again under DeVos.
As much as DeVos is disgusting -- and she is -- Rep Katherine Clark is a total star. Where has she been hiding?!??!?!?
Makes me sick
The result of @BetsyDeVosED buying her position through contributions to GOP. She's grossly inexperienced & ignorant for dept she "leads."
Yep...Trump happened and he opened the floodgates of stupidity!!!
My children will have no future under Betsy's rule over PE. This is madness & her personal beliefs affect her decisions. Just sad 
And in the center ring is Betsy devostation!!!!
The sad part, I'm not surprised. DeVos paid to play at the expense of our children. This incompetent woman appalls me!!!!
I find it horrifying that she was confirmed as Sec'y of education, and her (non)answer is no surprise, although somewhat nauseating.
DeVos is a heartless Bit*h
Equally sad is Jeff sessions won't go after any of these schools. They can make a kids life a living hell & discriminate against whoever
Deplorable.
This is absolutely atrocious.  We need to fight this kind of ignorance.
like the kids from your reservation?
Thank you Rep K Clark for riding that female dog to  the ground Betsy DeVos.
Beyond horrifying when you consider the futures of children that are at stake 
