To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they’ve done nothing wrong. My statement: http://www.facebook.com/barackobama/ 
... and president is the proper term for former presidents as well, we still call them president Carter, or president Reagan, and so on.
Or "Former President".  Warren has zero respect for our country and presidency.
It's more correct to use former president in most contexts, my point was that it's not wrong, and can be used, as is done in textbooks and..
Other sources. I would refer to someone as president over former president when referencing policy as was attempted here. I really dont...
Care about the political contexts you're implying.
Your point is clear. President Trump is the lawful/legal President and you want anarchy because you're butt hurt.
So apparently liking to debate semantics makes me an anarchist. I don't even...
Elizabeth Warren still referring to him as President Obama is the best " #notmypresident @realDonaldTrump " that I've seen 
All former presidents retain their title.
I'm glad somebody explained that to her the quote she has on her Twitter page and then doesn't know that. That's a millennial for you
"Ugh millennials" Feels great hanging in shade that you're casting from your high horse, it's hot out today anyways 
Rather be a millennial than part of a generation that devastated our economy, housing, and labor markets for years to come 
You missed it again snowflake I'm not that old I grew up in the time when this country was Boomin and we knew history
Cool? Don't see how any of that is pertinent to the initial thread but thanks for your discombobulated input.
That is a direct response to your last comment
President Obama. Feels so good to say.
Put Americans back to work.
Ok how about education 2upgrade worker skills?Can't afford schooling?So how do we improve workers skills?By increasing taxes to cover others
Huh ??
I'm asking you your ideas on how to get "Americans" back to work. Skilled labor takes schooling but if they cant afford it, how do we fund?
Most skilled labor is done through apprenticeships with doesn't have anything to due with funding. But putting labor back in high school ~>
Yes, there are a lot of things that need to be taught again in school. I dont have hope that Devos will address that.
I think the department of education should be dissolved and handed back to the states. Maybe even a voucher system
They tried Devos' voucher system in Detroit schools = utter failure. They teach kids enough to pass mandatory tests, actual learning? 
My Fellow Americans 
Have You Lost 
All Compassion
#DrainTheSwamp
Horrible that their parents broke up their families by dragging them across the border. Deplorable
He's not president anymore, think Liz has dementia #presidenttrump #maga #shutuppochontas
President Obama,
   Violated our constitution,what is your problem put the blame where it lies on Obama
This is a shameful act, they have done nothing wrong, yet a sherif convicted of killing someone in cold blood is pardoned.
Oh my obama let hard core criminals out of prison and your ok with that, get a grip

Make Dreamers legal Liz.  Get it done.  Define your career and bring a bill forward FOR ONCE
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/905888270105456640 …
https://twitter.com/RodStryker/status/905663456841408513 …
Where is the American dream for the citizens that are homeless and unemployed? Where is the American dream for children in poverty?
My reply @SenWarren. Do your job.
Former President Obama.... or are u having a senior moment????

What Happened?! — Video Emerges of Hillary Clinton Saying DREAMers Have to Go http://bit.ly/2xQZXvN  
President Obama, The Builder. Trump, The Destroyer. Trump is poison.
Democrats are cookbook
I agree as well President Obama
Wow that's the opposite of what you said on the campaign trail but that's just 1 of many
make all the statements u want @BarackObama, ur campaign was the one that started the trend that Hillary isn't "likeable" enough.
Yes so glad E Warren helped defeat hillary
actually Obama helped the most. Mostly him to blame.
Definitely agree,  she should have cut ALL ties with Obama.....egads.
Brrrrrŕr.
Don't blame Trump ,that no good Muslim fake birth certificate did violate our constitution,with this no good DACA fuck DaCa
Done "nothing wrong"?!! Yeah except enter the USA illegally Thus starting off as CRIMINALS!! Get it Obooba?! Criminal?! Idiots Libertards!
How many 6 year olds will tell their parents. I'm cool Mom & Pop, you can leave me here in Mexico on my own. You can't blame the kids.
I respect you Patrick. But our views on these types of matters differ greatly. So I will not engage in any sort of banter w/U further. 

#DACA #EndDACA end lawlessness,take care of our 1.6 million American #homeless kids & adults,InnerCities first #MAGA
#Breaking:#Dems & #GOPs giving our taxpayers$ benefits to #DACA & #IllegalAliens.None 4 Homeless American Black Man 
#DACA/#Dreamers/#UndocumentedImmigrants gets free college tuition at Emory University http://studentaid.emory.edu/DACA/index.html 
Hey Pocahontas. But I think you got your PRESIDENTS mixed up.
Obama violated our Constitution and Laws with DACA and should be prosecuted for doing so.
Stop the false narrative Obama!
BHO and Warrent for prison, money laundry and conspiracy of supporting terrorist groups Antifa, BLM.
Okay miss delusional senator
Thank you for all you do to save us from the worst president in history!
Hes not the president. Get over it. Obama illegally murdered US children of suspected terrorists why the change now? #NkoreaSinsOfTheFather
*citation needed
What a jerk you are! Listen to Obamas's own words. You are unbelievably corrupt.
He broke the law. Of course you agree. Because you think in short term range. Someone else picks up the tab. You ignore American kids.
Koolaid drinkers
Sen. Gardner and Benett already have a fix it bill. Get with the program, Obama NOT NEEDED.  @abc @nbc @cbs @bbc @pbs @msnbc @FoxNews
They are illegals that's against the law  they need to go back to their country
If "dreamers" voted Republican you idiots never would have written this illegal executive order. Start working for actual citizens.
Hey Liz he is not the president anymore thank God Bozo Obama is all done
Senatorrrrrrrr the shade sis
Both of you Clowns should have done something about it, other than bloviate and tweet, should have done your job.
i dont agree obama.i hear cant blame the kids for there mothers actions coming here. When i have been blamed all my life for slavery More BS
Pablo looks like you don't know much about the constitution little buddy! #Impeach45 #Treason  #Dirty #Liar #PartyBeforeCountry #UnAmerican
Obama is who made this mess.  Personal belief over the rule of law.  We wonder why the country went to hell over the past 8 years
Anyone who has taken law 101 knows this is a 10 minute fix to pass legislation making #DACA law - make it happen rather than stir the pot.
You wouldn't support deportation of their parents either. Don't use Trump diversion tactics.  Border/Visa control then accept undocumented
I agree with you too, President Obama
Of course you do. If he stops short..................::,;;:;;;;
I agree, President Obama.
Idk, the MAGA team is pretty energetic!
No, they haven't. Obama did.
https://www.gofundme.com/ne96mx-leaving-america …
*former president...
Do your job and get a law passed instead of whining about having to do something for once. Congress needs a coup

Parents of DACA kids knowingly jumped the border and hid their kids. How can this flagrant abuse of our immigration laws be brushed aside?
Still kissing his butt Liz?
Then get off your ass, fix it and stop being an obstructionist . You and the rest of the swamp have 6 mos to prove you really do care.
Of course Mrs Warren. It's ok for you to agree with an illegal executive order but not ok for you and congress to fix it. Stupid.
Okay pocohantus
@BarackObama We can help them, sure. Let's just not forget that their families broke the law to come here illegally.
Their families knew it would come to this.
@BarackObama Blame everybody except who is responsible, Democrats.
We r throwing out the next generation we raised.Maybe the next albert einstein can be in this group. They were babies, taught & raised by us

Well Senator Warren you are 100% correct.  So now do your job and do something in The US Senate to fix it once and for all!!!!
So why didn't you do something when you guys had all the power?
Tell that to @gop
That's WHY YOU'll NEVER AGAIN WIN A DAMN THING!!!
I agree. Not right stealing opportunity from others, right Liz?
Obama in 2012: DACA is 'not a path to citizenship' it's a 'temporary stop-gap measure'
https://www.hermancain.com/obama-in-2012-daca-is-temporary?utm_content=bufferf7756&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
I also agree Mr. president
Ok Chief Sitting Bullshit..whatever
So now he changes his story, by the way he's no longer president, Bush is, just ask Nancy while she watches you rain dance !
Of course you do...Liberals are the masters of group think. Why have an original thought...that takes work.
Mr Trump just carries on punishing people he doesn't like, regardless of age, sex, nationality, orientation , what they have done for the US
I teally miss when our country had a President.
Warren and Obama you both should leave America, you two have done nothing to help America but lie
An excellent explanation;  here's what Liz Warren won't tell you about DACA.
Now start fighting! Damn Progressives are the strongest we have been in years and recovered from Clinton dividing us, were are the leaders?
I agree President Obama
Me too
Dt is being the bully we've all come to know he is. The current GOP is no better.
So you get to puck and choose what laws to follow?  Why do we have laws? Will our kids get the same free stuff as dreamers? This is crazy
Now they are protesting our laws and Warren sides with the illegals.   No one in office should encourage breaking the law
So why didn't you and Obama do something when he had the Congress the senate and the executive office?Rhetorical question I know the answer
But President Trump epitomizes Christian values, didn't you hear?
 Obama left a mess for trump to fix he is doing that
@BarackObama WORDS from the real
POTUS, Obama!!
The jerk potus we have now is a monster, hitlrt!!
Our president...miss Obama..
He isn't The President.
Obama speaks with a fork tongue  has lied to dreamers then put it off on POTUS like he did nothing with Congress has to fix this. U witch.
Pandering again I see... Obama broke the law. That's the #Truth
Lizzie , RESIGN

Do it legally, go thru congress, lying crooks u r.
I agree to but sadly he is not Presdent of the US 
@BarackObama more bull crap.#DACA is still in effect and lotus wants congress to pass a real law! EO can be overturned. Laws cant
No your facts before you speak President Obama before this Gump arged Congress to act the Gump just copied
Former Presidents are NOT supposed to criticize their successors. Did bush go after obama? NO! You're the worst, Goofy Liz W. #bettyexposes
Yet you and Obama are pro abortion... You are all hypocrites!
Weren't you a lawyer?  Do you understand what unconstitutional means? Now it's up to YOU to do your job, nobody wants families torn apart.
How? No, seriously. HOW
You would
Deporting  DREAMERS  would be the great hypocrisy of US Taken from native Americans built by slaves grown by immigrants #DACA #cmoncongress
You ppl do wrong to set up ppl who wouldn't break the law as you and obama demorats party of law breakers reps have to clean your mess up
Obama said it was unconstitutional for him to change the law. Good thing you agree with him.
Hillary lost Obama needs to be in jail a long with her.Stop exploting dreamers for your quest for http://power.you  will be nothing

Of coarse you do - Obama knew it was a lawless act kind of like getting an advantage for lying about be native American.
We miss the fxxk out of you Obama!!!
Speak for yourself!!
So you are mad because Trump basically told you to do your job!
DACA is Unconstitutional. Constitution states it clearly in Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, “To establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization.”
#2 you couldn't follow through when Obama was President, you better follow through now! All of you are going to be voted out out if office.
You, Mitch, Paul and Nancy need to sit your asses in a room and fix this. This is going to hurt America more than you are telling people.
we need more than words!!! do your job
It was so nice having a real leader in the White House for 8 years. Now there is nothing but chaos and destruction.
It's about executive over reach.  Trump is doing the right thing in having congress ( those responsible for writing the laws) fix it.
Maybe u should have done ur job when u were the majority.  Did u not realize DACA had an expiration date. Do ur job
I don't like being ripped off by you obimbo!
Is Obama still President?
Obama did not have the authority period!
Being here illegally & never bothered 2 become citizens. That's doing something wrong. Obama & U had a chance 2 fix DACA? #Crickets
#MAGA
The only immigrants Trump thinks should be allowed into the US are those that will work at his hotels and golf clubs. Pathetic!
Last time I checked Obama is not our president
#RecallTheGovernment   #GeneralStrike   #Resistance   #NoMoreTrumptyDumpty
Of course you do liz, you think you can make a buck off this instead of taking ownership for your failure to let it come this far.
When is something going to happen?  3/4 of the population is getting weary of waiting.  How Trump can get away with so much baffles me.
It's time for the tweets to stop and action be taken. Get this man out of office!
Target not strivers

Make them legal, let them stay, do the right thing.
#BorderRush a game everyone can play.
    EXACTLY  !!!
Then do something about it. #legislate
Standalone DACA bill please.
@BarackObama
Don't be a jackass. He's no longer the president. Pay the same courtesy to the present president and pass his agenda
Obama admitted repeatedly this is not how our Constitution works. That it is ignoring the law. But you don't care do you?
$HAADDEE.  PRES. OBAMA GETS THE TITLE. TRUMP GETS THE TWITTER HANDLE.  YAS KWEEN WARREN!
President Obama is truly "A President!" A man with a heart, rationale, sympathetic, knowledgeable, kind, good, humanistic..what Trump isn't
Obama murdered American children without trial for them or their suspected terrorist father. Suspected sins of the father was good enough.
You have lost your mind!  Commitment in the mental ward with Yrump would be most appropriate! Sick, sick person you are! #Mental
Lead from the front, Senator. Be bold!
The Dems under Obama let Round-up taint cheerios. How many little babies are being harmed???
The time for words is past, Sen Warren. It is time to act. Introduce a bill. Lead, for god's sake.
I know you will do your best to protect the DACA kids and their families.
@BarackObama you are a hypocrat you won't protect unborn children but will protect children of illegals.
"President Obama", forever our prez!
Trump proves every day that even though he was born here he still doesn't have a clue what it means to be an American.
You would agree Squaw lady
The person who did something wrong was Obama by taking executive action that was likely unconstitutional. Blame him.
And yet these innocent humans are murdered and robbed of a future,hopes and dreams
Why didn't he lift a single finger to help his Aunt?
Bullshit they are illegal
You are simply disconnected from normal humans! You're the closest thing to the robot on Lost in Space !
@BarackObama the constitution was your target!
I agree too.
And what did Obama do when the Dems were in control......nothing.
Its because your a lying sac of kaka  too!
All you are doing is buying votes
https://twitter.com/stompintexan/status/905267638158450688 … Trump is blackmailing you with these kids for his wall
WATCH Congress Trump is blackmailing #DACA lifes for funds for his stupid wall Dems will have no choice and will give in to save #DACA 
