He's never kept a promise
You talking about Obama right?
I think she’s referring to Kim Jong Un. #Liewatha #Pocohontus
Nice racist reply by referring to a senator as Pocahontas
It's not racist it's sarcasm.  I have about 4 times Native American DNA than her and I would never claim to be NA. Just shows what she'll do
It’s not sarcasm to throw a derogatory term at someone. Just saying. And if you have said DNA you should be offended that anyone does it.
I'm offended that a white wealthy senator who has not suffered any of the issues faced by NA will associate herself with them to get a grant
Where did this "grant" lie originate? Because it is a lie.
25th amendment now!
Stop tweeting and work with the GOP.  Find Moderates like McCain and accomplish something.  All this tweeting crap is a waste of time
With all due respect (cuz we love you!): PLEASE UNITE ALL DEMS IN CONGRESS & GET BEHIND @RepAlGreen & MAJORITY OF U.S. -DEMAND IMPEACHMENT!
I do so sorry you Marcia .Poor women, I praying to God to help you open your eyes and mind to see the truth.
You "do so sorry" me? lol. Please don't pray for me, pray for yourself that you will see the LIGHT->you've been conned by a FRAUD!
Mitt Romney said it ,he's a phony a grain laundering $$$$$
Yaawwn...done with this conversation, muting and moving on. 
Lol lol why don't you go and have a meeting with the Democratic party and try to figure out how you're going to get out of all that evidence that proves corruption in your party
What do think he's doing?
should have never started Russia collusion, it's coming back around to bite the dems in the ads! Nice job fools!
Sen warren with all due respect lied to get ahead by claiming to be Native American. Follow her if you wish. But #sodas
Losing ALL credibility in the world.This is a global era.What r u teaching kids?Why would anyone ever do a deal with US again
We spent 8 long years losing credibility!  Now we are demanding respect. Not like the snowflakes coming into the democrat party
Your people turned on the settlers at #Roanoke VA.  # Croton

 You can't be trusted #fauxcahontas
Democrats risk American  Citizen's safety by the actions everyday!!
Yes, cause Democrats are taking away healthcare, refusing to assist Americans in need, taunting a megalomaniac with nukes & censoring media.
Oh, by "taking away" you mean not forcing someone else to pay for it. Lie to yourself but don't lie to the world, not buying it
You mean like building a wall and keeping America safe?  Like that?
A wall is not gonna keep you safe from a nuclear weapon.
Smart guy...  it was an example.  Obama practically paid for Iran to go nuclear, Trump won’t.
Dumbass how did Obama pay for Iran's Nuclear program? By unfreezing their own money frozen by the sanctions?
Haha... Clayton  Clayton, my man Clayton.  See ya bud.
Get another 8 ball Pocahontas's..
This president cares about 1 thing only and that's his own wallet. He could care less about the rest of us.
Responsible Presidents sign responsible agreements. @POTUS is protecting America’s rights as well as her safety. God bless America & @POTUS
We had an irresponsible president make bad agreements. Trump is #MAGA
You don't make deals with terrorists or 2 year olds lady!
What about our 25th amendment? He is clearly unfit!
Only people unfit r the msm
Psychiatrists, doctors, diplomats, Congress, and not to mention US citizens all believe he is unfit. If he isn’t, who the hell is???
All is a big word. I do not. I think hes playing em all like his pawns. Hes winning
traitor
Sen Warren you are apart of this disastrous #ObamaRegime who put forth deals that were not good for America, bad deals destroy our country.
Oblama/UN 'deal' slows Iran nuke progress a bit but opens door for huge corp/globalist profits!Go back to the reservation Liz, YOU LOOSE...!
trump is many things, but a responsible president is definitely not one of them. #25thAmendment
I'll bet you wish for a more progressive president like say the democratic poster child Harvey Weinstein
Please impeach this dangerous man
I was asking Senator Warren to impeach trump dummy
Responsible leaders tackle problems #deficit #NKorea #Iran
@POTUS is doing exactly what you’re asking, he’s fixing  @BarackObama’s disasters.  Pay attention Fauxcahantis.
Where is the outrage from the Congress about the situation in PR, USVI and California?... Just a small example... I don't see action.
We are all outraged over California. Sanctuary cities must stop traitors running their state jailed. #disgrace
Please do something about Trump.
Why do you back IRAN over the USA?  Shameful!!!
Yes responsible Presidents do what’s right for America..YOU and YOUR President Obama screwed America every chance you got..
It wasn't a treaty. It was one of his typical over-reaching executive actions.
Let's face it Lizzy the senate is practically useless. You can't even work a full week.
Speaking as one Native American to another; would be great if America were to start by honoring its agreements with Native Americans.
Agreed but...she's not Native American.
Damn strait we’re happy the Globalist, Muslim sympathizer is out of the WH. He f*** up American by leading from behind.
He refused to put safety first for Puerto Rico and left them to die ... Puerto Rico is desperately needing help!!!
Don't worry, the Clinton Foundation is on its way to PR to help.
Hide the kids!
if u didn't know Congress is stuck in a boat right in middle of swamp, neither side gives so the people lose, to stubborn to help
Like when @BarackObama dropped a pallet of cash in drug lord fashion in Iran as they chanted death to America? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Trump is a JEALOUS GREEDY NASTY BULLY. He is not a RESPONSIBLE anything.
Someone need to tell him he can't steal OBAMA LEGACY.
Americans will never feel safe again until you get him out of office.
GOP-led Congress is "responsible" like kids pulling wings off flies. Trying to fuel Richie #taxcuts by destroying #ACA #Obamacare. #Sick
Iran is not a responsible nation.
This responsible president is doing his best to put Americas safety first. The Democrats
Obstruct, obstruct, what do you suggest warren?
He is putting Americans first by not accepting a fantasy deal as reality. Trust but verify means to verify. Duh!
This prez is a superstar agent of chaos ,He deals the cards from the bottom of the deck.stick to his word,surely that is take news
Elizabeth reveal the Tax bill like the Trumpcare bill are all about deception. They do the opposite of what they say they are designed to do
shut up Elizabeth Warren you are a  high negative for the American people
Why don't we learn from history, let conservatives burn the nation down & we rebuild from the ashes. We need constitutional change anyway.
Congress won't do anything the bill they passed is a total joke Paul Ryan, what a joke
What happens when the president won't and neither will Congress? Canada anyone? Yes, please.
Pocahontas's last stand!
Yeah another 2 year old who thinks he's got a valid opinion.
Libby Libby Libby... time to grow up Libby!
Responsible citizens don’t elect a dotard. HELP get him out of the WH! #25thAmendment
President Trump is a good man. You are sour grapes sir
Best laugh I had all day.
Because sticking with agreements worked so well with North Korea
Telling us that we can inspect Iran for infractions but not their military sites, is not a good deal. Make them comply or pull out!
Obama's agreements?
This President is violating his job requirements. WHEN is our Congress going to put him out of office??
Excuse me Ms. Warren, are these the same Americans you want to keep safe by having open boarders?
Problem is, just had the fake Obama regime/show for 8 years. A lot of repairs need to be made now.
Responsible POTUS's don't enter into non legally binding agreements with terrorist countries. @BarackObama
Not when the agreements were made by irresponsible people. We are Americans, not Iranians! It's time America has the advantage! #GoAway
We are NOT going to honor a deceitful, deceptive traitorous act like Barack Husseins' 'agreement'.
Hmm, USA has not been respectable since the first violation of Native treaties, so there is that. All you in office have that to shoulder
Plz run for president.  We need someone strong to oust the current White House occupant.
YES! PLEASE run for President!! You'd be the best gift the GOP ever received!  #MAGA #RunLizRun
Yes he’s going to get people killed just so he can have last word. Pass a bill to sew his lips shut and cut off thumbs.
Responsible nations follow the rules set for them.

You know, like the Senate ratifying treaties.

And the Iran deal is a treaty.
Amazing how many on Left are defending Iran. Collusion??
it is rather shocking
Irresponsible agreement made by delusional parasites are never binding
Tough to be responsible when you’re a dotard.
congress should have.  that's the point.  it's scary to see what unconstitutional steps you would take as president
When are you just going to go away? Do your job you silly 1%er.
Shut up commie ass hackZilla! Lol
Then you certainly think all sanctuary cities should be abolished, right? They completely undermine fed law and endanger US citizens.
A true leader recognizes a bad deal and does something about it.
Then ratify it.  Hope you lose re-election
POSTER PROPOSAL 
MAKES AS MUCH SENSE
AS EVERYTHING ELSE
HE'S DONE
PLEASE CONSIDER
SENDING POTUS
TO THE MOON
WE NEED 
RELIEF
YOUR FAN
LOL/XOX
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
Responsible Presidents don't give nuclear capabilities to terrorist countries. Trump will prevent another N. Korea. A gift from Bill Clinton
Anything by @ThePresObama is #poison #happy #halloween. Will you be going as a #real #native #American this year?
Fraud
@senrobportman - are you not going to weigh in on this?
Ooh, that second sentence. You were so quiet about that last POTUS.
DJT HAS KEPT HIS PROMISES !!  OBAMA PAID TO STAY OUT OF TROUBLE! WORTHLESS PIECE OF CRAP !!  DAMOCRATS  ARE DONE !!
Ouch, depending on Congress?
How about protecting women & teenage girls from democRAT donor, pervy Harvey ? Did you take any $$ from Harvey ??
And responsible,  serious presidents do not make everything all about them.
Surely you can't be this dumb. This wasn't a treaty; it was an executive agreement that was only good until Obama's term ran out.
You should be kicked out of congress if you wanted the agreements in the first place.
That’s right you wouldn’t dare open your pie hole against the most evil person to ever set foot in the White House
1. You're entire tweet incorrect let alone stupid. Obama & Kerry have committed a horrible act against the US & the world w/this Iran Deal
2.Any deal that is not in the best interest of our Nation, our President should get us out of it!
Correct Elizabeth. And Iran has never met any part of the agreement therefore its null and void.
Has Iran even ever signed this "agreement"?
NO!!
Stop being a Commie Dimmie and think of yourself as an American. Put America 1st.  BO did USA wrong by giving Iran $$$$ & lifting sanctions
The GOP is ok with anything up to a Mushroom cloud
Don’t leave bill Clinton out he did the same as Obama gave to North Korea
Ms. Warren how long have you been on office?  President Trump didn't start all this.  You had the chance to fix it
When will Congress step to the plate and remove  45.
Obama put America first when he forced us to pay for insurance we couldn’t afford & took away our dr’s and skyrocket d insurance?
Agree Obama made and agreement with us. If u like ur doctor u can keep ur doctor. If u like ur plan u can keep it? Did he Stick 2 that one?
Explain to your supporters who refuse to do their own research,what is ACTUALLY happening, not your biased view! Do your job!!
Senator Warren, we must impeach this President.  He is unfit to lead.  He has jeopardized the safety of all Americans.  Congresss must act!
"Congress must" a lot of things, Warren, but Congress doesn't.
Please do.  Tired of all the talk. Time for action
That was the whole point #LyingPocahontas less talking more working with the other side.While you are at it do the tax reform and healthcare
Agreed...@SenBobCorker @BobCorker @SenSasse @BenSasse @SenatorBurr @MarkWarnerVA @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Congress ACT!
@RepCurbelo @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @SenFeinstein @SenSanders @JeffFlake @justinamash @tedlieu This has become beyond party politics...
@KamalaHarris @RepSusanDavis @RepMaxineWaters Its time for Congress to execute their responsibility to serve the US in bipartisanship effort
Its your legacies, your families, your constituencies trump is threatening by his irresponsible bellicose actions. Its time to stop him, NOW
Such a fool Liz
You call giving a terrorist state billions responsible lmfso
Congress is impotent!
Congress has to stop this madman!!! He has no clue on what he is doing!
Responsible Pres, if they don't wnt  2 circumvent Constitution bcause he Thks he nos better, makes a treaty & has Sen vote on it
Giving the worlds #1 sponsor of terrorism $$ to fund their terror campaign is not responsible. Good presidents don’t honor bad decisions!

Key word. Responsible. Not a word associated with progressives or the o admin. Traitors yes.

Congress is full of spineless puppets.
Congress doesn’t have the guts to do the right thing!
Okbut what about irresponsible presidents like your friend obama who stuck it to their replacements?YOUR IDEAS????
Billions in cash$)$ on a plane...how in gods name can you and your party justify that???!?!  Please people wake up!!!!!
Then do something about it!! Getting tired of strongly worded tweets followed with no measurable action!!!
SHADDUP!
Tick tock dummy.  Your time is coming.
.@elizabethforma Leave it to the Dem Party to stand with the enemy. And they wonder why they’re out of power.  #VoteTrumpCandidates2018
AND THE FIRST THING TO DO TO PUT AMERICA'S SAFETY FIRST IS TO HANG THE TRAITORS such as ELIZABETH WARREN DEMANDING OUR BONDAGE TO IRAN
Hi hope this gets thru how are you? @WhiteHouse ? wondering why they are surprized I talk to demoncarticas sorry spelling dyxselcia
Responsible senators don't lie abt their background to get hired at Harvard as a minority. Resign!
lying chief sitting bullshit your Fake US born President SIGNED AN AGREEMENT without congress approval!
swing and a miss
Responsible people actually make treaty’s that benefit their country. Responsible people don’t pretend 2 Indian to get free college tuition.
Please shut up Pocahontas
Good luck with that gerrymandered mess #congressActNow
Please do.
Obama put America first when he paid billions to Iran, tried rigging Israeli election, released terrorist & traded terrorist for a deserter?
Exactly. You should be removed immediately
Shut your face Pocahontas!!!!
Where were you when the Iran deal was signed in the first place??? Idiot
Agreements? Do you mean treaty by another name. If I remember my history classes, Congress has to ratify treaties. Paris Accord (treaty)
Well Ms. Warren WHAT is Congress prepared to do? We, the American citizens, this country desperately need that help now.
Tweeting about it will not change it, the only thing that will is action. Action now.
Of all the congressional leaders some feel that you are the STRONGEST to bring about that action, the change.
The Iran deal was the work of one traitorous president, who did not seek or get Senate ratification.
Fake Indian.
Fauxcohontas!!
Chief Warhen of the Messuckchewshits Tribe.
We can't wait to vote you out in 18..... Bye Bye
America should never have agreed to a bad agreement let alone give billions back to a Terrorist nation. We don’t negotiate with terrorists!
RESPONSIBLE PRESIDENT WOULDNT HAVE MADE THE STUPID DEAL IN FIRST PLACE.......STUPID IS WHAT STUPID GETD
What about Israel's safety? Crystal should be ashamed of himself. Coward that he is.
Please refresh our memories.

When exactly did the Senate ratify the treaty Obama entered us into?
Iran deal is treasonous. Trump is single handedly demolishing the Democratic Party day after day. Soon, it will implode and be no more #MAGA
And exactly how is he not keeping us safe really concerned about you not doing your job senator not worried at all about our President.
You are correct!
We have a batshit crazy lunatic and butt kissing representatives on our payroll at the helm of this country. What do you expect?
#25thAmendment . When that is enforced, I will remove my profile picture. NOT UNTIL. HE MAKES ME HAVE NIGHTMARES. STOP HIM.
Responsible senators will get him the hell out of office!
PM chamberlain-your argument is moot. Agreements with a woman oppressing, terrorist regime is a crime against humanity by the Dems.
Responsible Presidents don't enter into treaties without Senate approval, as required by the Constitution.
Article 25 now
Trump's obsession with dismantling anything Obama is causing great damage to the USA.
Millions of us don't agree w you Patricia.
POC in America are swiftly becoming conscious of the critical importance of educating ourselves about politics, we can’t trust the president
If the agreements were legitimate and not so corrupt true but this was full of corruption and you know it and we know it
Responsible nations don’t sell out its citizens ...
#antifapolitician
To say the least ! We must dump trump, he's too dangerous !
Responsible nations don’t let state sponsors of terror have 10S of billions of dollars cash in the middle of the night 

True leadership would not have done this ANY other way than a treaty

REAL treaties don’t have SECRET clauses 

Anytime anywhere INSPECTIONS
You just said it. "Responsible" presidents.
That’s exactly what Trump is doing putting USA first.  Get on board
Responsible nations don't make nuclear agreements with fanatics who OPENLY want them obliterated (see Iran & N.K.) in the first place.
That's who should have been in charge of the Iran DEAL,  A DEAL Obama made without congress,  don't you love the double standards.
But no one is Senator!
trump can & does say anything.We must watch what what he does and decide for ourselves.Don't blame the media we need them one way or another
