missed you at parade
Thank you, @SenWarren for your resistance to Jeff Sessions' nomination!  We are appalled.
No doubt the Russians are behind it.
Try harder Fauxcahontas—that one missed.
Trump needs no help getting discredited, he wouldn't know the truth if it bit him. We're not blind.
I am so proud of you for standing up to the majority leader, but ashamed of Sen.No Lips for silencing you.
What? What happened?
censure of Coretta Scott KING was unconscionable
- STOOD THEIR IN UR TRUTH AND MORAL HIGH ROAD YOU SHOULD HAVE MADE A SCENE LIZ - CHANGE THE WAY THE WOMEN PLAY - START SCREAMING
with love, Rosie, that would be going back to the way women played, centuries ago.
- now back to maybe the 70s when feminists kicked ass daily
I AM DOWN WITH THAT! 
Together, we will persist and prevail.
#Warren2020
Thank you. Proud that your represent my state.  @SenateMajLdr
@senatemajld  #STAYLOUD we know its not easy standing up to powerful bullies #STAYSTRONG
Fascist pigs!  #resist #letlizspeak
We are with you keep fighting. Come time to vote we are going to stop people like McConnell. Power of the vote
Wrong! A Rule is a Rule for all senators, Dems and Reps. Don't be a fool. Afr- Americans are smart let them speak
still watching.  Does McConnell think he is going to stay in power? Shame on him
mc connell is a pig just amazing that he can cut off reasonable debate
You, Sen Warren, is what is appalling in this country.
Millions are happy with what's happening. You lost accept it.
Thank you @SenWarren for speaking out - I was appalled @SenateMajLdr's actions when I saw this happen.
I heard the letter when hearing was held. How could anybody vote yes? (Even A Republican) You give us voice
Keep fighting for Democracy, Senator W.  Senator McConnell lacks principles and decency.
I posted on FB for my 23,000 followers and on Insta for my 540 followers. We got this! #letlizspeak
pls go away
SMH! MLK, Coretta, John Lewis, Ralph David Abernathy.. Atlanta legends & American civil rights heroes. No respect.
You are my hero and give me hope
behind you 100%.
@leahmcelrath @SenateMajLdr  they are cowardly puppets..either afraid to stand up or complacent  in the corruption
Most of them are COMPLICIT in the CORRUPTION as well.  Fascists and GreedPigs~#RESIST
every day they become more and more blatant
You obviously  don't  sweetheart.. Crack open a history book
Do you know commies and anarchists like the ones at Berkeley gave rise to Hitler?
You're not the sharpest tool in the shed are u honey cakes
Thank you for being our voice @SenWarren - they can vote to silence you, but we hear you and we support you #resist
We are watching a Coup of our country!
We need to show this illegitimate President what a real coup looks like, & seat the People's President.
you're right, we're scared and appalled that you can lie about a good and decent man, who has never been a racist.
Stay strong Senator Warren! The people watching and our voices will be heard loud and clear in 2018.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
I thank you and I support you!
keep going Liz. We're watching and love you  Keep doing you. It's scaring the sh*t out of them.
It's scaring us so much that we'll gain even more seats--including Warren's seat--in 2018. Keep it up!
Didn't King's daughter tell you to knock that shit off?
I am in UK and I am afraid every morning to read what Trump + co have been up to overnight #letlizspeak
I think this is most disgusting thing I have ever heard Mitch McConnell do
that says a lot.
generally Mitch McConnell is a coward. Guess he decided to stand up and  silence a civil rights hero
Kings wife, who happened to be one of his many many lovers, is no hero. Not by a long shot.
what's your point? She was a keen observer of humanity and an intelligent woman.
I blocked the troll. Pathetic man looking for attention. @Calibrator @SenWarren @SenateMajLdr
the resistance is how nazis began

I will hang with Pres.Trump, thank you/.I know he has our best interest. U, Barney,Hillary,Obama r not
Tremendous respect for Senator Elizabeth Warren's activism on Senate floor right now. She won't be silenced.
Actually, she was silenced since she violated Rule 19. You leftists don't really believe in rules, right?
they don't like rules. They don't like getting a dose of their own medicine either.
I am afraid of what u r trying 2 do Sen.Warren.I knowu DON'twant the best4this country.U hangw/Hillary
@allenvollbrecht @SenateMajLdr It's called #DisTrumpia. We must #impeach this @POtuS.
let us not forget that  was founded on dissent. The Democrats are patriots in every sense of the word. #resist
don't you recognize that #trump is the dissenter, the disruptor, the agent of change?
in what way? He has catered to big money and life long politicians. What change? Beside deregulation
he sees America from a different perspective than the out of touch pols. He looks for efficiency.
You mean efficiently making it easier for companies to profit off YOUR back?
exactly! And my more profitable company gives me raises & buys nice equipment for me.
@ what cost to your fellow citizens? You won't care til it affects your wallet #resist
but my fellow citizens can get a job at my efficient co. or 1 of it's suppliers. #Good4All
you are a voice of reason, respect, and resistance! I respect you with all my heart 
what is happening to US is we are moving forward, you are still campaigning on the Senate floor instead working for people of MA.
vote her out in 2 years
hopefully we will vote out the majority of Republicans in the White House and Impeach Trump !

You are my hero.
No Elizabeth we've heard ms King.  It's you that needs to be quiet
LIER MRS. KING HAS NEVER BEEN SILENCED YOU WERE SILENCED STOP MAKING FAKE NEWS'
Millions of veterans and military want to know why you don't have our backs . #forgottenVeterans
@tigerdevonshire @SenateMajLdr ick... not the tant of America speaking... again?
NO he silenced YOU for viciously attacking another member Jeff Sessions. Your a bully & fraud everyone see's it now
Have you seen what your party of hate has done to silence free speech in our country?! Does Anifta ring a bell? BLM?
Gosh if ONLY the senators on TV now calling out racial hatred & violence in Charlottesville had been in Senate that day. Wait a min...
I am not appalled at all. Just the opposite.Finally,sanity reigns.
I was watching and audibly gasped. Party over country, @SenateMajLdr?
Thanks for all your hard work  Proud to have voted for you while I was still living in MA.
OMG you "audibly gasped"?!  OH NO, LAURA BAB "AUDIBLY GASPED"!  You leftists are such tools.  Grow up.
That's because  #CorruptMitch @SenateMajLdr is goose-stepping over the Constitution now for Der Führer @realDonaldTrump
@alexisgoldstein @SenateMajLdr thank you Elizabeth Warren for defending our democracy.
@GOP would be standing by Hitler if had the opportunity..But they don't so @realDonaldTrump will do #FRAUD #LIAR #DEMAGOGUE
, @VP &, @GOP are under fire,and already proving they can handle this much power(Senate& Exec Office).
's 1st military operation left an 8yr-old American girl and U.S. Navy SEAL dead.
same people who voted against Hillary R the same voters who R allowing such Treasonous acts by @realDonaldTrump the Con. @GOP @VP
@SenWarren @SenateMajLdr
@Jemstarr79 @SenateMajLdr LIZ - U COULDA SAID - SHUT UR TURTLE FACED MOUTH U MORAL FREE FREAK - A JOB 4 UR WIFE? NO I WONT STOP
I have full confidence @SenWarren knows how to get things done. She's doing her best. #Misogyny
Truth is being discouraged as divisive. That is indeed frightening. Thank you for your strength and courage.
Your a joke, rules are rules follow themif you want to lead us
Pocahontas, we all can read a letter. Don't need your grandstanding. Get back to your dung pile where you can do your best work
@SenateMajLd OUTRAGEOUS!! SEXIST!!! NOV 6 2018 THEY'RE FIRED!!!!
Speak it!
We're 'appalled' that you can't seem to move on. Alzheimers?, dementia? What's wrong with you?
you're a boss. Thx Mitch for propping this movement. PO is on her side.
McConnell has sent out his trolls I see. Stand by us, we need you!
I was so happy to see him tell you to Shut Up.
calling someone a "disgrace" by using LSK letter as cover, is beneath the dignity of the Senate, Fauxcahontas.
just announce your 2020 run already. We're all in!
really I'm just fucking amazed that you're able to speak clearly and make sense of it but you don't absolutely not
you are Lying about the supposed comments that Sessions made, and likely know nothing about the case that you reference
we are all behind your & waiting to know how to be effective
thank you Liz!  So glad we have you as our voice. #letlizspeak #shepersists
Did you know that the MLK family voted for TRUMP?
keep up the fight!  tell "media" it wasn't a stunt so u could run 4 pres in 2020. But that u believe all r rights r in jeopardy
You have the opportunity to make things better but instead you're playing propaganda games.  Be a fountain not a drain.
He silenced the voice of a lunatic  YOU Pocahontas, not Mrs. King.
Says the one who kept silence ending w/endorsement for a corrupt candidate loosing to cheeto instead Sanders.
God I hope she is the nominee in 2020!!!
No, he attempted to silence your incessant screeching.
#LETHERSPEAK
Except that's totally NOT what happened! Nice try though......
@Vallmeister @SenateMajLdr you're a hater. Peace Starts With You. Change your thoughts change your life. Your hate is holding you
SpareUsYourSelf-Righteous VirtueSignaling.U champion BLM terrorists,IslamicSupremacistTerrorists, BabyKilling &more
You lying race baiter. This has ZERO to do w/ Mrs King & 1000% to do w/ you breaking Senate rules, warned/punished
Thank you Sen Warren for being a strong voice @SenateMajLdr McConnell you should be ashamed of yourself-such an embarrassment
- or he just silenced you! Go serve your constituents and stop grandstanding.
#Respect
#womenhaveavoice Please keep speaking if one venue is closed to you - find another where your voice can be heard.
white lady, posing as Native American, to get affirmative action preference which she absolutely needed... she ain't too smart !
so glad Sen. Warren is fighting hard enough to scare the delicate GOP senate snowflakes
sorry Pocahontas, leader silenced a nut job liar.
pathetic POS leftwingnut Warren.
Stay strong!    @SenateMajLdr
ha ha!
Many Americans are appalled by the Democratic Party and it's unwillingness to accept Trump as POTUS, Make it Work ! Exhausting!
@wboydjackson @SenateMajLdr yeah the fact that these left wing loons are nothing but obstructionist. Look forward to 2018.
I am so excited about what is happening in our coutry. Liberalism is so over wrong . #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
: It was DELICIOUS to see Warren quieted and ordered to sit! About time.
#Pocahontas sees millions everywhere and misinterprets what we want: For her to go back home as housewife
We are afraid because of crazies like you Elizabeth! YOU are the problem! #TermLimits
thank you for standing up. We need more like you in government.
We heard you Senator Warren and we know the truth. Your message was received loud and clear!
#letlizspeak
He told YOU to shut your mouth and follow the rules of the floor. WHich you did't. Because you want to bash someone
you are making us weaker with all your nonsense
As you should have been.
Mrs. King does not have a say, now was it HER TESTIMONY. It was a frigging letter. Mrs. King wan't even there!
Have you always been this stupid or is it an act to gain liberal support?
it's about time somebody shut you up think god we don't have to here anymore lie's from you.I can't want until 2018
we are with you. We stand with you. You are our voice and our voice will be heard. We will NOT BE SILENCED.
You rock, Mr. Warren. Please feel free to kick #GOP butt every chance you get. They've clearly lost their way
.....And millions more aren't afraid & appalled....
why can't any other Democrat speak for Mrs King? Are they all racists too?
SHATTERED: Video of Coretta Scott King Thanking Jeff Sessions for Rosa Parks Library Crushes...
truepundit
#sitdown&shutup
Rule of civil discussion apply even to fake Indians
We all support you!!!!!!  flight, flight!!!!!
Elizabeth, you are my hero!
I'm afraid and appalled that you are a Senator.
Dear Corporate Dems: A little less Neville Chamberlain, a little more Winston Churchill please!!!!
Thank you for all you do Senator!
Please take your Wrinkles, Retire & go home Your the problem not the Solution
that letter was unrelated to the senator or the hearings U are just campaigning for UR own standing I WILL FIGHT U
I will support your opponents as much as I can I hope to help end your prog socialist radical campaign
Thank you, @SenWarren for doing your job and standing up for democratic values.
Thank you, @SenWarren! For standing up for what's right, and tirelessly fighting for equality for ALL Americans (despite efforts otherwise)
I am also afraid and appalled at what's happening in our country, i.e. violence by left.
so glad to have a voice of strength and reason out there amid the chaos! #ShePersisted
you have spoken like a true member of the Ku Klux Klan
QUIET LADY! Your career is in free fall. #NoBench
Warren hijacked Mrs. Kings letter for her own to raise money. She has no right to use Mrs. Kings words 4 her agenda
Thank you for your courage and tenacity.  The @SenateMajLdr should be ashamed by this bully tactic and suppress #FreeSpeech
Blatant filibustering not constructive, and using Correta Scott King in this way is disingenuous at best.
Shhhhh.  I'll find your blanky and binky.
such BS! Reading a constituent's letter should not trigger rule # whatever. They can't handle the truth.
How dare you criticize a fellow senator when we are in the process of analyzing their history and performance!
Keep fighting, in the end you and the American people will win.
We are with you!! We must stop the gestation of fascism
You should be absolutely ashamed of yourself. In the real world you'd be fired for treating a co-worker that way.
give it a rest. YOU were silenced, not King
VERY PROUD OF YOU! TY FOR CHANGING EMBARRASSED SUPPORTERS MINDS 2 NEVER STAND AGAIN WITH @GOP #CHANGEMYVOTE #TRUTHTOPOWER ALWAYS
Thank u for having a soul Senator Warren.The @GOP  are frightened of the truth, and americans fighting for justice.
That is an out right lie, but that is all you know how to do. Liberalism is a mental disorder
enjoy living in your miserable bubble of delusion and white privilege
Wow.  You've really hurt me. Jk. Suck a dick, you hiding-behind-a-generic-twitter-picture-trump-trash. 
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS HOW THE HELL IS A LETTER FROM CORETTA SCOTT KING ABOUT RACISM NOT A PART OF THIS COUNTRY?
Stop smearing good people. You will answer one day to TheLord.UrOn the side that wears badgeOfHonorForKillingBabies
Thank you for trying, Senator.  We can't stand by and let this administration run roughshod over this country!
No, you were silenced because you broke senate rules. Moral indignation will get you nowhere Fauxcahontas! ;)
What about her voice on the threat of liberal immigration policy on blacks https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/1502287/coretta1991.pdf …
sounds as though they applied rules to elizabeth that didn't apply to males. Lawsuit time
You are an American hero speaking truth to power - keep it up - my favorite slogan  "Nevertheless she persisted"
Sen Warren! I'm insanely proud of you for standing up for what you believe In. We need more like you on the Hill! 
Keep it up Senator.
@realDonaldTrump Hey, Pocahontas, SIT THE HELL DOWN!!! LMAO and ROTFL!!! That just makes my day:):)!! #MAGA
So wrong. You can't vet a senator's approval for a cabinet position by being nice. #truth hurts, I guess.
LOL..Pocahontas on the "warpath",must be all that "native american" blood!!.Looking forward to your soon retirement
Thank you for all you are doing.Your courage inspires me
we are apalled by you, please resign u r an embarrassment to We the people u r supposed to represent!
Warren your a fruad, education on the back's of true native American. Fruad fruad your a racist
@Letteerkitty Dems & Rep please be strong & stand up for our constitution. Good job Liz, I commend you!
YOU, Sen Warren, will emerge a hero from this mess. One of the few, sadly. #resist #resistance #warren2020 #hero
