Receive a loan, pay back a loan. Seems simple
Except you don't seem to care about details. Your ignorance means you do not have a valid opinion.
I gave my valid opinion. I pay my bills
Paying bills does not make you expert in anything - which is why you saw this as "simple." It isn't.
If one takes out a loan for any reason, one is expected to pay it back. "simple"
...is why you need to not talk about the subject.
A person is ignorant that takes out a loan they can not pay back. You are a #HYPOCRITE
This kind of impractical thinking ignores predatory practices and zillions of other causes of no-fault default
Yeah! Anyone without $200k can't go to college ever because the Fuck the Poor! Yeah!!
1/2 So you think a child's parents economic situation, or lack thereof, should determine their future?
Who begged? I paid. And you tell me to be a man, after calling me names like a child? You're blocked.
Senator Warren you are not my representative but I have a disturbing story about Navient garnishing SS disability pay.
I am a Duke-educated nurse practitioner disabled since 2011 at risk of losing my home & car due to Navient.
I would love to speak with you or someone in your office about these predatory actions.
wahhhhhh. I need a handout.
Awww, you're cute, snowflake! But no, no I don't; I need to make sure others are not harmed by predatory business practices.
I don't think you know what a snowflake is? You knew the risk and game when you committed now you hurt your feelings
I am remarkably well-informed, thank you very much. I choose to use the stupid insult back at those who cherish it so.
if these students don't understand a loan document...they are not fit to be college students!! More morons!!
the time to fight, and fight hard is, NOW! No time to feel sorry for ourselves, impeach TD NOW! Start the process,FIGHT!
For too long corporations and banks have punched down on the working class. Time to punch back http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
I thought Pres Obama was forgiving debt before he left office?
We were well on our way to having my husband's student loans paid off when it got turned over to Navient. ...
I have many issues with them Sen. Warren. Help
Count my family in.
What happened to saving for college?
dear Senator, can u pls get ur colleagues 2 stand up 2 DT loudly, like u do? we r behind u & will help!
can you see a nation with Bernie as president
Someday, social media will figure out, a "stop paying" mass action might get some results and worth trying.
I hope they don't think they will get one dollar of my son's student loans after trashing my credit. They can go fish. 
I make less than $30,000 yr. my payments are around $1000 per month
and even more people have stories about how you lied about being #Pocahontas. #democRAT #hypocrite @OANN @FoxNews #MAGA
What does this have to do with student loans ?@AnotherDawg @SenWarren @Navient @OANN @FoxNews
Maybe the scumbag elitist professors should stop demanding 6 figure salaries? That could be driving up costs??
More goes to admin not the professors @AnotherDawg @SenWarren @Navient
save us!!! Navient is the devil
they got their college education because of it, now just pay it back.
I have been harassed to the point of having to keep my phone blocked so even my 86 year-old mother can't call me
approved by a corruption, please work into getting the SS money back to SS, and to help those that can not copay 20%
then why doesn't the gov offer low interest Loans to US students instead of to other countries??
I can't even afford  healthcare because of my student loan payment. They would be about the same monthly amount.
they are horrible !!
@norakay @Navient My student loan with Navient is astronomical that i get palpitations about it!
why aren't you senator doing something about it instead of sitting on your hands
All student loans should be interest free.  Education would then be affordable.  Loans could actually be paid.
They are giving my sister a hard time about getting income based payments. She works part time for the park service :( @SenWarren @Navient
Hi: IDR is based on type of loan & PSLF is based on employment. Info here: https://navient.com/loan-customers/payment-plans/plans-based-on-your-income/ … & https://navient.com/loan-customers/documents-and-forms/federal-loan-forgiveness-cancellation-and-discharge/ …
Have your sister email socialmedia@navient.com & we can see if she has Direct Loans to qualify for IDR & PSLF. Thx! Marie
I can speak to that. Recently, I have had to claim bankruptcy, and they still froze my bank acct and took all my money.
us also @Navient
I'm one of them many struggling to make payments. They have only one of my loans :(
The student loan biz is a crisis. I see too many now not going to college because of the loan practices.
Why did you vote yes for Ben Carson?
Michelle Obama 2020
I'm one of them Senator How can my daughter pay her student loans, pay healthcare (now that Obamacare is disrupted) help
Report on Trump total loss  Johnson, Stien , Clinton and write in put Trump behind by almost 10 million votes
I have been paying on a 29,000 Std. loan for 15 years it's only gone down $9,000.Compound Interest I'm 67
The proof is in the #s @Jillie1949 @SenWarren @VeniceForHRC @Navient
they totally mislead people. We need help with student loans and predatory private (fake) colleges.
I was volunteering to do desert tortoise research for $78/week and @Navient wouldn't defer my loans, forcing accrued interest.
Some students have over $150k loan because they went for higher studies and this loan will kill many of their dreams.
charged me $9k in interest in 9 months of forbarence for being injured. Thy told me to default to get help but i wouldnt
I have student loans at Wells Fargo, unable to consolidate @ WF, never missed a payment in 6.5 years, never late... irritating!
9.5 year of payments. Roughly 2K short of original disbursement with 10 yrs of payments to go. 1st YR almost all to INT
I have a nightmare issue as well.
Every student serviced by Navient has a nightmare issue #IamNavient @shirbach @SenWarren @Navient
Truth.
they are a truly evil company.
100% evil. Students are no match for Navient #IamNavient @TroyColby @SenWarren @Navient
I am one of the Corinthian 15 and Navient did the same to me! No option of IBR found out through a lawyer. No discharge either
Students have to band together & make sure that this brings result that yield #studentloanrelief #Iamnavient @tashacourtright @SenWarren
they are harmed by forked tongues Liz
A good punishment would be to allow us to pay back with 0% interest.
not by Navient but by the ridiculous interest rates.
at 29,I have 70k in loans at 20% interest rate from @Navient they will never rehab loans only settle for above what I can afford
my loans are from school @ITTTech & no one will help me. It's like setting a pile of cash on  and having to pay it back
I'll be paying them until pigs fly. Bacon, blood, sweat, and tears.
they called & i went over my $ they agreed i couldnt afford my bill, & asked me to borrow it from some 1 else 2 pay them
theyre terrible!!! Kicked me off income based repayment plan w/o notice because my income report didn't include the word "gross"
why don't you pay for all their school! Free college for everyone? You are not all there in the head. You people just don't getit
Got another one for you @SenWarren, @Navient denied my request for deferment during my @PeaceCorps service.
Thanks for speaking up Cait! I have Navient too.
lol, you're part of the problem. How's that 300k teaching gig going?
.@SenWarren @Navient We pay education taxes our whole working lives.  Why are we paying extra for education...for luxuries? Free ed forever.
They're awful. My payments are now twice my rent, and I'm still getting nowhere on reducing the balances, somehow.
keep at it Senator Warren - we count on you!
Please @SenWarren It is time for @navient & others alike to give back every PENNY stolen. Students have very little protection #Iamnavient
Two of the worst entities on the planet. Fauxcohantus and Navient..
they've ruin my life but I won't stop them from letting me get a head. They are charging over 13 %
I pay Navient $450 a month.  I know some qho pay almost double that.
My son owes 120k in student loans and Navient won't help him. The hoops he has jumped through would make your head spin.
ruined our future with paralyzing interest rates on student loans. 1/3 of my husbands pay each month is lost to Navient
To Senator Warren they are not student loans, but student handouts.  How dare someone call them loans.
they're killing me
I am paying them back until I am 73 yo. I dared 2 become a doctor & am paying w my life. 15 years & not a dent
I took out a loan in 1996 for 22,000 at age of 17. I've been paying 20 years. I now owe 75,000. It's a huge scam.
thank you. I tried to have student loans directly from the fed govt. but after being sold 3x they ended up with @Navient anyway.
I hope something can be done. I've been paying 20 years and they want me to pay for another 20 years.
they tricked me into consolidating my loans and completely messed up my payment terms. 25 years instead of 10.
this was the option that Emerson gave me...I am completely floored right now.
Keep up the great work sen. Warren! They have given me trouble too!! Keep us updated!! 
please continue to share those stories. I was not aware of this.  Thank you.
was kind enough to offer a 10% interest stu loan in college.  Still paying for it 8 yrs l8r. Make stu loan cap @ 3%.
http://hotair.com/archives/2017/01/23/oopsie-department-of-education-cops-to-massive-math-error-on-student-loans/ …
Only seems to be paying on interest. Grad in 2010 & my loan bal has gone up not down. Doubt I'll ever own a home.
I am a 57 yo cancer survivor with no possibility of paying the naivent debt, but it seems I will be paying until I die
my brother owes 100k for a BS from ITT while they also took all his GI bill! #fraud
honestly, I sometimes feel like going to college was a mistake. Had zero debt before. Now, I'll be paying til I'm dead.
my brother works full time in his field and will never be able to pay back his loan. Thanks ITT top of class! #fraud
they keep my  tax refunds, even in years where I wasn't in default. They keep changing names so often, I can't keep .
they harass me day/night, even though they auto WD from my bank ea. mo. They start sometimes at 7am, as late as 10:30pm
is bad and American education services has criminal interest rates
I just received info and documents from them. Please tell me what I should know.
If a person is getting student loan, they need to do their research, which clearly they didn't
Add me to the list of harmed parties!
that you allowed to happen
Please Elizabeth don't let this women get in the cabinet.
is my highest student loan. I called a day late to lock in a lower rate and they wouldn't budge.
That's no kidding, they are the gift that keeps on giving monthly and not in a good way.
That's on you and Obama, you guys didn't do anything about it while he was the president
currently my highest interest rate...and those are not even my private loans.
I'm so sorry Nicole. We put one thru college & son at UT now, we did some loans. And paying. Ours Nelnet.
Hi Hiawatha
This company abuses its control. Plays games to keep people paying. #studentloanshark
they are terrible that organization charges more interest than loan sharks
help Americans PLEASE
Help!! What Must We Do!! I'm A Consistent Voter!!
granted me a loan without my permission when I was in undergrad, and it almost happened again this last term.
when I asked them for options about repayment they told me I had NONE. Called dept of ed and consolidated. THEY LIED!
usury plain and simple.
I'm one too! #StudentLoanHell
I am one who was told I had no options ex. Forebar. rent & my loan payments are = $650.mth Only child, single parent.
My fed loans are outstanding because they are asking for 1/2 of what Navient is getting.
speaking of scams by edloans, what are your thoughts on my Teach grant turning into a loan and not being able to go back...
to a grant? This is a fed grant. I am a teacher and can prove I am fulfilling obligations. All I have been told is tough...
when the paper work was lost in the mail.
Thank you! Why isn't Corker,McCain, Graham,Portman, Collins,Cassidy,Murkowski,helping you with the ACA/ObamaCare?
I am in student loan debt. I owe about 31 thousand in students.
these crooks dont have option for early paymnt/payoff. 2 hours arguing so a supervisor could "approve" my higher paymnt!
Add me to the list. Borrowed 28k. Been paying on time for 16 years (40k)- I still "owe" another 30k. How?
they hounded me day in and out about my loans, being back in school is the only thing that has stopped the calls
if u try to pay down your loan with xtra payments on top of monthly P/I, @Navient deducts interest on those added $'s. Criminal.
I’ve been diagnosed with MS for 7 years, I’m disabled and have no income, they all and harass me daily.
the problem isn't navient per say, it's the cost of college.

your not indian




@potus ripped off people too, so what should we expect other than getting rid of all regulations so companies can rape America.
Thank you for speaking up. I got a loan from them in my 20s and it won't be paid until I am near 50! I can't refinance
They offer lower payment plans but it comes at a lofty price via their ridiculous interest rates. #salliemae
and their former CEO are evil and greedy.
I used IRA savings to get out from under. Horrible loan providers.
should I just stop paying them?
is horrible to work with. My student loans have been sold to 4 different people in 7 years.
it would be nice to see a amortization schedule! amortization schedule in particular because my balance keeps going up.
Go get 'em, Sen. Warren!
hey nasty woman, hear almost 50% don't want to be re-elected
raised my interest rates this year. I have been in good standing with my loan payments for 6 years running.
Now you're doing what MA sent you to DC to do.
what should we be aware of if we are currently paying back student loans through @Navient ??
. How do i get out from under them??
if u make college cheaper we won't need all the loans. US most $$ college system in world? Why?
compounding interest everyday. Awesome!
Why are your biggest contributors of schools with outrageously high tuitions that over paid you for teaching 1 class ? #hypocrite
harmed? Like assaulted?
My experiences have been positive. My student loans scare the $%*! out of me, but they've always been helpful.
We co-signed a student loan for Son-in-law, when started to pay, we were told it wasn't a student loan, we had to pay more
they dropped my score 50pts i have 5 kids 1 in college i can't afford this...Help Me
i had a loan 4 16yrs..they took 6000 from and my loan was 9000 but they expect me 2 pay 14,000 all interest
I am currently in this situation with them as we speak

they were kind and helpful to us
I'm 50, still paying for B.S. '96, M.S. '12. $78k with unsub interest. State schools. Now paying for my kid. Can't buy home.
is awful. Seriously the worst.
It is a significant story that deserves widespread coverage. It is typical of what ppl can expect during the T**p admin
Same goes for @WellsFargo! Twitter doesn't allow for enough characters to even try to describe it. #studentloans
Raise your hand if you feel personally victimized by Wells Fargo #studentloans #reginageorge #meangirls
I was charged a $50 fee to lower my payments due to hardship. Said the fee didn't go towards the loan.
my sister. I want to help so much. What can we do???
son, makes his payments, the calls are just to threaten an old man in hopes of extra payments.
I took out loans. I pay them back. Isn't that how loans work?  #duh
My 83 yr old father cosigned for my son 15 yrs ago. They call him everyday at 8am, 2pm, and 8:30pm at night.
should not be paying more interest on a student loans then you pay on a private home loan Tuition should be free for all
amen
thank you for caring
unfortunately that's who my student loan is through. @Navient
Thats because the (loan) system has been, and will be rigged for all eternity. #PessimistTweet
That's a huge lie. My wife, a student, said "what a low priority issue"
PLEASE @ South University Online $40,000 for a 3.8GPA AS AlliedHealth qualified for nothing in Healthcare..my new career=Nanny

I am paying 7% on average across the Parent Plus Loans that I have for our daughter.  Tried negotiating - nothing.
parent plus is through debt of education navient is just the servicer. Your beef is w the govt.
how can I find out if I qualify
my wife is crippled my debt and her degree is completely bogus. Thank you for standing up for us.
It's kind of like paying a mortgage every month, except I'll never actually own a home.
@wolfiemouse @Navient I have approx. 100k in student loans for my son's. I pay most of them. We need help Elizabeth.
They're awful. Three loans & won't let me pay off highest percentage first.
I deal with them all the time. Terrible at making re-payment plans then having no record of the terms.
Thank you Sen. Warren. I had to take 80k in loans to become an educator. @Navient has been a poor partner for repayment.
when trying to lower my repayment plan their response was extending the length of the loan and increasing interest
every...damn...day.  Thank you for your work senator.
count me as one! Raised my rate without explanation of why. When I called to get an answer no1 could help
My student loan situation is awful &causes me to fear future. More needs to be done re help for those w private loans.
American students are punished by borrowing. It is like paying for a house. The principal declines like sludge.
i basically pay as much as my mortgage
YES! I'm disabled & can't get a form to fill out to end SL's! Screwed my credit!
Forced to deferment bc of @Navient: lengthening my repayment for forgiveness, bc they took a year to reconsolidate w/ FedLoan
Well blame your boy Bill Clinton for this... – a private financial institution set up by the U.S. Congress – until 1994!
MANY of us work our way through college. College isnt FREE nor should it be. GOT TIME TO PARTY you have time 2 get a job
Yea, sooo.......YOU ARE NOT NATIVE AMERICAN! You are a liar and do not care about this, You are  a partisan shill.
you wouldn't believe how hard it is to release a cosigner
Yes. They've got me, too.
why haven't we dismantled Navient.  They are for profit,  no different than ITT.
thank you for your work. Going after @Navient has life-changing implications for my future. You are my hero. Keep it up. 
me too!
help students is helping our future.
If universities werent paying faux natives 400 grand a year to teach one class, maybe tuition wouldnt be so expensive.
public university's publish the salaries of all employees. Can you give examples of these $400k salaries
dyk there is a huge injustice against qualified students not gettin into university so certain colored minoritys can #racistleft
