he is a fascist #scary #notmypresident #ImStillWithHer
No the fascists are the entities who are funding & orchestrating violent riots in the streets because they don't like the new president.
read up - that's not what fascism means. Not surprised. ##notmypresident. Ever.
Not talking about the pawns, doing the dirty work in the streets. You need to read. Start with this book. Return for your next assignment:
Why is it insanity? Why should we pay for abortions here or over seas? More tax dollars being spent foolishly.
No Lizzie. Thinking that anyone cares that YOU are tweeting about it is insane.
Are you able to make a real sentence? Or jut say big words? 
Deplorable!
God bless President Trump.
Your "God" can have him.
My God loves you and wants everyone but gives us freedom of choice. Even if the choice is murder.
I choose to think you are a religious nut-case.
And thanks to the men and women that have defended our borders you are free to think what ever you want.
defended your boarders? From?
From threats both foreign and domestic keeping our citizens safe and our way of life preserved.
so taking away funding for healthcare from other countries jeeps you safe? Hmm that's weird
Federal funds not applied to abortion
sorry, I do not want my tax dollars paying for someone elses abortion....
you should resist his cabinet . They are the problem! Please help us and stand up for us!
And is stopping torturing mothers that do not want to kill their babies.
He has zero respect for women!
I guess it's ok with you that he thinks he can kiss or grab a woman because he is a celebrity. Creepy!
No Sitting Bull-shit, @SenWarren, killing helpless human beings is insanity. Calling it "healthcare" is also insane.
and yes trump is insane !!
@tonygoldwyn @POTUS YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO TRUMP
Sadly insanity is par for the course with this administration and, even more sadly, nobody should be surprised by any of the insanity.
incorrect. This is about education not about utilizing federal funds for abortion. That's not legal anywhere.
federal funds can't be utilized for abortion. This is a ban on educating women on abortion. Very different.
alright sir or madam,  we'll agree to disagree. Have a nice day,  okay?
But it's OK for you to give yourself a $45,000 pay raise? That is stealing from the Massachusetts tax payer.
@pannlewis44 @co_rapunzel4 @BarackObama @zeitgeistbabe @Mooncatadams #IRS #Veterans He must never be fed after midnight
What about Israel? Abortion is freely available there, correct? Or is Israel excluded?
good point
you are insane! No federal dollars for abortion! They can pay from their own pockets, or use better contraception!!!!!!!!!
go ahead and use your own money to support it. Federal dollars not going to pay for it.
how is this insane?  Protecting the life of the unborn? That's insane? Maybe girls shouldn't be promiscuous. How's that ??
Maybe men shouldn't be promiscuous.
you didn't know that women rule the world? We say yes or no!
Killing children is completely sane, however? @mjubelirer @POTUS
Its NOT insanity! WHY should tax money go for other country's abortions? WE ARE 20 TRILLION IN DEBT and you want to give money?
and USE BIRTH CONTROL! Accept responsibility for sexual activities. You can't just keep killing babies!
By cutting this funding they won't have access to "protection".
completely agree. New life is nigh on a miracle and new life is breath taking.
your on the wrong side in this issue Pocahontas.#MAGA
Insanity is Voting for Carson.  Thanks again!
Trump is a DISASTER
Many of us oppose abortion and don't wish to be forced to fund it. Those who wish to fund it can do so privately.
heisHitler
Yes let us not only murder are own people.
U must have the best interest of ALL @ play - not just those that PROFIT from your decisions! The GOP are Neanderthals.
@Chiefsroyals50 anti abortion stance for global charities even #TrumpAtrocity
no it is not. Let's spend our money here. Fix us first
how can we stop him? He is out of control!
Ummmm.  No.  You are insane Fauxohontas.
you lied to get a FREE education ..YOU ARE NOT INDIAN. YOU TAUGHT A CLASS ABT INDIANS FOR $400,000??poor students..suckers
When U found out you were INDIAN it must've felt pretty good to know ALL your education would be paid for...LIAR and thief CORUPT
Yes, it is. What are the #democrats doing about it? #whyIMarch #silenceisconsent
I am very disappointed you voted for Carson for HUD. We cannot stop Trump this way. You know that.

the Netherlands just started a new fund to take it over. Why cant we #belikenetherlands
somebody has to stop him! I hope you all impeach him. He is a traitor to this nation!
#trumpfrontallobeshrinkage ... I think you have a senile president
I'm a big supporter but very disappointed in your Carson vote.
@tonygoldwyn  how dare this so called pres make decisions like this when he doesn't have a uterus.
Insanity?!?U want us to keep paying for women getting abortions in other countries? #ThatsCalledInsanity!
I am going to speak to President Trump about this personally if I have to.  This is wrong.
Why is the US funding health centres overseas?  I thought it was only the UK that is so mental.
GOP hates women. Women are NOT equal to GOP. Time to stand and fight! #JustUs #StillBernie http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
Why would the USA be funding abortions in other countries? Population control?
Abortion is insanity
you are loud. You cause hate and division.
we are frightened Senator! Thank you for you devoted support! 
@SenateDems when will you draw a line in the sand against #TrumpFascism?
Good question because this shit is getting real. Fast.
OH NO! DJT winning the news cycle "helping" workers with pipelines - we need someone talking green infrastructure
why we have to pay for their abortions...Let their country pay for it!! Obama left a "huge" national debt!! We need 2 save dear!
Not insanity.   This is retaliation for 1/21.  Keep up the good fight Senator Warren!
guess he missed the marches on Saturday, huh?  Women's voices don't matter anymore
the ability to condemn and control from the Oval Office is going to create a wave of dissent with social networking connections
How ignorant of Trump to do this considering we have a serious immigration problem anyhow.
why should we pay for centers overseas?we need to take care of us citizrns
He's trying to piss off as many people as possible to satiate his own hatred and anger at being an insecure wuss.
Yes it is! Thank you for fighting. Marched in Atlanta and will keep marching.
No it's misogyny.
Well Trump is insane. Men should never be able to make decisions about women's health. Period.
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
someone needs to put a gag order on him.
I want to know WHY are WE funding overseas Health Centers?? STOP giving our Money away! Stop money to other Countries!
WHY would we give MONEY for Abortions in other countries?? Hell No! NO funding to Abortion Countries.
There is not a single reason my tax dollars should fund another country's health plan. If I want, I can donate to charity.
No, liberalism is insanity. If I were you I would worry about your damned job. The people have had enough!!!!
No, what’s insanity is using my tax dollars to abort foreign babies.
if we don't provide funding to PP for abortions why should our government give money to other countries for abortions?
why should we pay for overseas abortions when our inner cities desperately need help. We are 20 trillion in the red.
Killing babies is immoral here there everywhere- fund medical needs not irresponsible behavior
.@SenWarren .@POTUS Pocahontas!
Insanity? Please tell me how so. Killing full term babies is sick! If a woman gets pregnant she should put up for adoption
: overseas-outside of America: I do not want to find anyone's murder in or out of the Country
Please explain why the US taxpayer is obligated to fund abortion outside our borders - much less inside?
let them buy their OWN coat hangers.
Good!
Why is not the Dems stopping him. He  is going to do something that can't be reversed, then there is going to be big tro
Darn, I wanted to pay for abortions for people overseas.......NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Enjoy Pocohantas!! http://www.politico.com/states/massachusetts/story/2017/01/polls-shows-warren-is-no-sure-bet-for-re-election-next-year-108924 … #yourdaysarenumbered
he sings a song of sixPence.
why should we fund health centers overseas? America first.
Good.Whu should we fund other countries that do nothing for this country.
Trump poses the biggest threat to humanity in decades.  Insanity is an understatement
Sorry, President Trump, in my opinion as an educational psychologist instructor, has serious dementia issues.
no its not! Why are we paying for this s$&t to begin with?
he doesn't care for women... never has....  us women get to suffer... my heart is broken.
you're the insane one Warren
yes we are looking for mental health professionals  for all trumps supporters .
This ones for you & Warren @fer_manny @SenWarren @POTUS
@POTUSit was expected something like this from someone not educated and ignorant. #educatyourself trump supporter
how far does that monster have to go for the American People to start the #Impeachment process #ImpeachTrump
Now gag orders on the USDA and EPA? Senator Warren are there plans on the Senate to stop the nonsense?
But he is insane dear Elizabeth...
That's like the 19th on the list of insane things he's done. This was expected. That @potus lies about EVERYTHING is much worse.
why didn't you make it a law when you had the chance? I'll be here all day...
I would very much like to work on your team; I believe life from day 1; but it is a woman's choice; judgment is God's job!
We have issues enough of our own at home without using tax dollars overseas for abortion related services.
@rosiedeapozol @POTUS Save it! You've lost all credibility with me since you sold out. #Shame
Wrong? Yes. But not insanity. To many Americans, this is rational and logical action aligned with their religious beliefs.
@tonygoldwyn @POTUS debt . People in America need help and not with abortions. Other things. Pay for it meds like I have to.
@tonygoldwyn @POTUS and why should we pay for other countries abortions? Are you crazy? We're already trillions of dollars in
@tonygoldwyn Yes. He's insane. So who's going to stop and end this power drink maniac?
He is  "Giving the power back to you - the people" (not)
Why is this insane? Why are we responsible for funding overseas health centers when Americans need help?
@tonygoldwyn @POTUS the way you treated Ben Carson was disgusting. Quit playing the games let President have his nominations.
actually spending US to murder babies is the insanity. Get a clue
@tonygoldwyn @POTUS he is a douche. Melanin has nothing to say? Weak white female
Trump is unfit and unqualified to make policy decisions that affect women's rights , Period!
reverse the gag orders on EPA and USDA immediately!!
.@SenWarren @POTUS It's sad to see how proud they are! I feel for the women who are now forced to go elsewhere to get help. #globalgagrule
We shouldn't be funding any abortion much less international abortion. Not my tax dollars lady!
Only insane for liberal hacks like you pochanotus!!
Well he's crazy so why would sane people see T doing anything else.
I still feel like a camera person from "Candid Camera" is going to pop out and yell, "Just kidding!"
please run for president!
Trump is happy that abortions were not available to his mother or he wouldn't be here. He is just spreading happiness.
@sususanders @POTUS ask for Trumps tax returns
America first u fool I don't want to pay from an abortion in Somalia or india or Iraq
let's make sure= we living & paying taxes in U.S. R funded 1st...it's our tax $$ =we the ppl, of the ppl, by the ppl
keep health care between patient and doctors. Isn't that their argument?
Lets find the poor in America first Liz!
its comments like this @SenWarren that are encouraging the people to replace you
please, please, please run in 2020! I know you can take him down!
You people brought the advent of an insane Dictator with all the dangers that come with them.
What in the hell are we all going to do about this madman???? @SenWarren @SusanMaylone @POTUS
What kind of twidiot sends a tweet to "POTUS" that calls him a "madman" knowing his intense sensitivity.  Ooops, True colors.
you are rude...ugh!
this limits freedom of speech, accessibility to family planning and democracy.  Does POTUS even know what he is signing?
the same one Bill Clinto rejected? http://kff.org/global-health-policy/fact-sheet/mexico-city-policy-explainer/ …
do something. Be our leader senator.
not sure we can be surprised.
To paraphrase @HeymanHustle on what to do about @realDonaldTrump : EAT. SLEEP. IMPEACH. REPEAT. #WorstPresidentEver
Thanks President Trump for saving lives and taking on the baby killers all over the world.



So what do we do?
Just like Republican presidents have done in the past. Stop acting like this is something 'unprecedented' #DramaQueen
No, Lizzy. That's called saving lives.
senator Warren, give him hell.
USA is funding overseas health centers?  While we're subjected to ACA and all the rest?  THAT'S INSANITY.
@HarveyStaub1 @SenWarren @POTUS Very good point.
ur a nut!
no you are the nut job ! All you do is talk and all that comes out is discourse ! Try doing something constructive
nope! Don't want my tax money to go to eugenics operation #blacklivesmatter even unborn! That's who you target. No thanks
let them pay for their own abortion clinics.  Make America first !
What's insane is the amount of foreign aid we still give away when our tax $$$ are needed at home. #AmericaFirst #MAGA
This is political football that goes back & forth between end-zones when a new party moves into the White House, calm down
when can we impeach @realDonaldTrump #NotMyPresidentTrump
Impeach him NOW.
Why is this insanity? Why are OUR tax dollars funding abortions overseas? Sounds like YOU'RE the insane one.
@SenStabenow @senpeters Sen. Warren - please do all in your power to stop this continued assault on women.
Maybe you should rethink your response... what if your mom murdered you? You wouldn't be here to spout your insanity.
Yes it is. Must get more privt. donations.
Picking up speed sliding down that slippery slope...
uS taxpayers should not have to fund murders of babies.
Has Anyone told him about Israel yet? 

@SenWarren @AndreaHolsomba2 @POTUS
we are behind you, Senator Warren! Pls fight on!!!
Warren you are the only insane one in the conversation.  We support POTUS decisions.
no, no it's not.
What can we do? What's the action item?
No, @SenWarren. Insanity is not seeing that abortion is the worst of human rights violations  @POTUS
