You could at least wait for the CBO to score the bill before lying about it in a hysterical fashion. How about trying to make it better?
That's the craziest statement ever! Sounds familiar........just a little? Have you read a single line?
I expected this type of response. Nothing has been passed. It is a bill that has flaws. OC is a disaster but we should just deal w/it?
By what measure is OC a disaster? Non-partisan polling rates it favorable (50%+) with Trumpcare / House bill ranked around Chlamydia (~17%).
It's been a disaster for me, my sister & her family, their small biz lost their HC & her kids are now on Med. A lot of people have suffered.
Assuming, argumentum, your story, how would Trumpcare help? And what of the ~23MM persons T'care discards? Prisons & workhouses don't exist.
Trump care helps raise 800B for corporate tax cuts-benefits investors, CEO bonuses, and insurance company's. Not Us.
Did you see me singing it's praises?
Back to the days of young parents choosing between a medical visit for a child with a serious ear infection and bankruptcy.  Many kids died.
& defunding Planned Parenthood will result in more unwanted babies becos many women won't have access to birth control!  GOPers are selfish!
Keep their legs closed! No more "unwanted" babies for you Dems to murder and then profit from the body parts.
Your comment proves U don't know a lot about Planned Parenthood & the varied HC services (not only abortions) they provide! Learning is good
It's seems I know much more than you.

80% of what PP does to make money are abortions. Many other facilities are out there for health care
What is the source of your claim that "80% of what PP does to make money are abortions"? If you have no reputable source, you R spewing lies
Do a little research of your own on how they count "services" and arrive at that ridiculous "3% of what we do is abortion" number.
They are called Planned Parenthood for a reason. Number one mission is killing babies and selling their parts for research.
Step down, it is time.  We will be voting in another great Republican in your place soon.
They're the best why cuz they agree with ur nonsense or cuz they don't charge ppl cuz Obamacare is so bad!!!
Then bring them in. Senator, quite frankly, few of you in Congress are qualified to craft & debate a health care plan. Left or Right.
She just wants to bitch & screw people tell people to resist, destruct. She does not care she has great health ins. Can't wait for elections
All liberals Pocahontas
Why isn't anyone even paying attention to H.R.608 & S.532 #StopArmingTerroristAct no brainer if you really do want to avoid permanent war!

Please read!
Then Obamacare is nasty as well. I have endured high premium and ceiling costs as never before.  I do not want to pay for others #notfair
there's a way to fix health care, give American's the same plan you Politicians in DC use

Ahmen!
@SenWarren you can't tell the truth about your own inheritance and you expect people to take your word on their health care ???? REALLY???
Take this pathetic health care bill throw it in the garbage can   @SenSanders  @SpeakerRyan  @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @elizabethforma
How can the greatest nation in earth have 3rd world health care, is McConnell and his gang of vultures getting same ins,
You can't count on trump..stop trying ..he dosent know what he is doing .
And the great Obama and team knew what they were doing?!?!!?!!?
Why don't the Dems write a Bill to address ACA weaknesses.  I know this is huge request and might be futile w Repubs in majority.
MSKcc New York is the ONLY hospital to offer Surgery and immunotherapy to our 17yr old daughter, but at a huge cost. http://Www.justgiving.com/kelly-turner2000 …
Paid political hacks are not going to cut it anymore...Fauxcohontas is projecting an awful lot lately, what's she hiding?
Hey, do the Democratic Party a favor and resign please.
My dr Left & went back to the country he was from because of OBAMACARE Then my OBAMACARE got canceled co pulled out had 6800 ded high prem
Many of us physicians have started referring to this bill as #AmericanDeathCareAct #ADCA People will die under #republicare @physicianwomen
SNOB????
Does anyone believe the entities that profit from govt entitlements would not be opposed to the govt reigning in those entitlements?
Universal Single payer healthcare for all! except those who voted against it.  Let them continue the struggle they love so much.
What did you say about it first? Sign it Read it Later! Now it's Read it and Sign it Later. Hypocrites

For rare diseases or complex procedures MA hospitals are great. For routine preventative care MA sucks thanks to Romneycare/Obamacare. #AHCA
Thank you Mitt Romney!
The best? Mayo Clinic, Johns Hopkins, Cleveland Clinic, Sloan Kettering Children's National, for starters, might disagree
the biggest liar in America Donald trump takes it easy on him give me a break
tried of his lies ass lat him get a way with to much Donald trump lies all the damn time shit
Lynn Nicholas has a B.A. in Medical Tech, and a Masters in Management.  She is HARDLY a Ph.D. or M.D., she's establishment.
I want the same health plan you have. #shutupLiz
Propaganda from your liberal weenie donors won't help as #WeThePeople restore the basic tenants of our Republic from @BarackObama socialism!
Los Angeles has much better doctors than  Massachusetts better care delivery and limits nurses to 4 patients ..in MA it's 8-11 patients
I have Medicare as I'm on disability. I can't get extra medical coverage from Medicaid and I can't afford extra insurance
As a person who worked in Canada, England and US as an RN for 34 years, find this regressive attitude to health care in the US appalling.
I hope it will not pass, there are sick Children out there!
Really.... you're from Oklahoma.. you're a carpetbagger who got rich in Boston. I bet Cleveland Clinic and MD Anderson would refute you BS!!
Asked by another Dr. in B.H. E.R. what the Dr.s there thought about Obama care one replied, "We all have to die, just some sooner".
Elizabeth-please try something else-you're pushing people away-you Democrats will lose again in the next Presidential election-can't wait!!
Hey Liz: Why won't you go on Mark Levin's talk show?
OH NO, IT IMPACTS THEIR HIGH PROFITS MARGIN.
@SenWarren - my hospital employer also issued email to employees asking us to contact Senators to vote NO. It harms hospital & patients.
All doctors care about is setting up BS appointments so they can bill insurance companies
U think Americans want to be a Socialistic country? Doesn't work that great for them. U would make Saul Alinsky proud.
Yet Deep Blue Democrat State RI has a lousey one.
They hace an excellent Medicaid policy initiated by Republican Gov. Mitt Romney...
And yet all your spewage STILL can't get a Dem elected ANYWHERE
Not all doctors agree with them.Patients will have the chance to choose their own doctors (& not be limited to 1 or 2) & will afford to pay
On the flip side.  They have one of the worst senators.

#trumpcareisbloodmoney 
Let's put caps on doctors and other healthcare workers compensation, hospital profits, and exec pay.That will fund services for the poor
you should try and find a doctor here that will accept Obamacare.
You sound like Republicans " we are the best at everything" but everyone else in the Western world lives longer and is happier
USA is deadlocked on any bill until gerrymandering law fairly draws voting districts. Seems unConstitutional. #EndCitizensUnited
All really can't wait for the elections to come. You are a hypocrite and Fake News
The "affordable" care act is nothing more than another democrat wealth transfer program. Make working ppl. Slaves while importing idiots.
Great if you live in Mass.
Red states not so much. If they don't care about education, they don't care about health.
Health insurance is NOT a right. I've been buying it my entire adult life. And subsidizing the slugs that won't.
Dems should be thanking Pres. Trump for cancelling the $5,000 fine that people would have to pay for NOT having Obamacare.
That very well may be so but Obamacare is failing you have got to do something stop being an obstructionist and get something f****** done
Some hospital CEOs make millions, if hospitals don't get as much gov or insurance money it affects their pay.
AND you will not share. Pocohantas has spoken .
Proud to live in Massachusetts where our Senators and Representatives are great, our Republican governor is moderate and caring.
Keep fight back!!!!!  Now.  For all Americans!!!!  Now.
People who sell a $47 Tylenol pill probably aren't the ones you should use as support.....
Huston has best hospital & doctors.

Let's ask people dying because of ObamaCare. Or LACK of care!
Also most expensive there's a reason insurance costs so much but no one wants to address the real problems
Where is the documentation that MA has the best Doctors & hospitals????
Wow, such a strong statement!
Perfectly said!
Governor Mitt Romney oversaw essentially universal coverage in MA. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_health_care_reform …
Don't forget - Neither #45 nor the GOP want FACTS.
It's time for our elected officials to do with we put them in office to do. Stand up for us & HELP us now! Please of course:)
R U serious!   Now this is a bloody hoot! Can't stop laughing.  You have lost your credibility so you are leaning on a few doctors!
Just Don't Do It!
Unfortunately you have the worst winters
Elizabeth Warren , you are a washed up has been who has no respect from anyone but Hollyturds. Why don't you just disappear into the sunset?
Anthony string of numbers is a bot.
Mrs Warren. I understand your angle. With Obama care failing and you voting against Reps bill, you and insurance companies will rake in cash
Lizzy, who cares what some liberal MA hospital thinks! They don't pay the bills! They don't offer an alternative! They are shits like you!
Thank you
except northren Berkshire. Luckily we got an emergency room again but it's off to understaffed BMC now
If this thing passes, we're ALL gonna suffer. Won't matter what your politics are. Only rich, congress and their staffs will benefit.
Boilerplate and balderdash!
Have a better solution? should have had one instead of obstructing. your not a likeable person and a fraud. why not take up acting?
Go left Pocahontas
Best in the world? References, please?
Those MOTHER FRRS!
The purpose of the GOP health care bill is not health care, it is to give tax cuts to the wealthiest.
The sky is falling. What a bunch of bullshit
My wish is that you stop the fear mongering and the pretense that you care. Just posturing.
Nothing in this statement says why. This is hyperbole. Want facts and solid solutions to make Hcare better. Anyone could have written this.
Shut this down! Protest Resist call your senators! People will die!
Cigna just left Maryland ...You lied when you were selling the bill ACA @SenWarren  you lied, you are shameless and ignorant. This is on you
What can we do?
Sadly those with insurance using Mayo Clinic to save their life may lose this option. Insurance +15% out of pocket + hi premium=gone 
You better be dying if you are going to get looked at in an emergency room! Your assisted use it for colds and sniffles!
So just let OvNa are stay as is and just go away! Millions of uninsured Americans on Dumbocrats Head!
Elizabeth, I rate you highly (and happy birthday btw), but that's an unsubstantiated statement and detracts from your argument
Trumpcare will increase the number of medical travelers--those who seek lower cost healthcare outside of the USA. Also seniors fleeing US.
The same MHA that told us how wonderful ObamaCare would be?  Nobody believes you anymore Pocahontas......
So sad that we have to spread messages like this, in order to prevent our own government from killing, no, murdering us.
Access to those best hospitals & doctors isn't possible when those people & places don't accept the insurance.
They treat lyme disease
Democrats need to spur a "Millions March" on Washington & across the country to show the nation & world our democracy!
My daughter left California for Groton.  We love Massachusetts!
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/877953331338985473 …
oh please. no they don't.
GOP takes country back...to 18th c. health system.
Liz should donate her salary to hospitals.
Don't see why everyone doesn't get this, this bill will do irreparable harm to hospitals, nursing homes, clinics. Many will close.
God Bless you mama
Hey NUT BAG.  What kind of health insurance do you have?? I want that too!

the basement is lava
it's largely federal funding that keeps Massachusetts' universal coverage afloat - who is going to keep the fed coverage afloat - China?
It is time to depoliticize Health Care and create a bipartisan bill. What about "providing care for all of its citizens"?
How about a simple solution. You pay for your Healthcare and I'll pay for mine. That's what this is about. No free rides for deadbeat libs.
Is it really that simple for you?
Of course is not easy, maybe one of the most difficult thing for our country. But if we don't start, it will never be donne.
Better than Houston Texas? I don't think so.
Thank you for your dedication to the people of MA and nation. Never give up! Vote in Blue4Balance...and the better good.
you should read what the people in your state are saying about you.So far they don't like what you have been doing for them
Your major teaching hospitals want Medicaid cause they haven't learned how to manage bills.
 "Blood Money" was an appropriate and measured description of this #MedicalGenocide
Very articulate and plain speaking breakdown on this horrific bill. No exaggeration the tax break for the wealthy is obscene.
Wha? It was pure boilerplate; nothing new; virtually no analysis as you'd expect from a presumably august source; pablum for the mindless.
MA DOUSNT HAVE A SPODER IT NEED TRUP ISA!!!

One state out of all of us is in your corrupt side.
Question-what % was #Obamacare or the new healthcare bill was written by health industry lobbyists? Is @MAHealthHosp a lobby group? @POTUS
I'll bet MCConnell, et al didn't ever consider the vast positive economic effects of a healthy populace - or its opposite.
Umm no, the medical center in Houston takes that honor. So where would the MA hospitals like there money from?
"nasty" funny how thats your favorite word so Lynn Nicholas but be a buddy of yours, what r u doing to fix whats wrong with it
Sounds like a liberal hospital in a liberal state with a liberal congress member, looks like people scratching each others backs.
Beg to differ on that one.
Also, key to Senate HC bill is not just what it does with spending cuts but WHEN: 2020, 2021. I wonder why??  Ask Mitch, master legislator!
The Parents of Justina Pelletier may not share your endorsement of Ma.hospitals.
So the current bill from Obummer is great? Wake-up you dip$hit! Gezzzz. Libs have lost their minds. Lol
You wake up! Chumpcare is a joke and will not not work. Tax cut to the rich. That's it. Wake up!
Hasn't worked for economy as a whole under Regan, Bush 1 or Bush 2. Now it will work for McConnell and 1/6 of US economy? Wrong!
Rep bill is "trickle down" HC: cut taxes, eliminate regs, reduce spending, expect "free mkt" to remove inequities, inefficiencies.
#VAaccountability #MassPoli #Bospoli
handicaps r going 2 jail 4 OC so the Doctors and Nurses needs 2fight like them.Cant vote yes 4 Trump& expect Good healthcare
Senator Warren, before obama care my deductible was 400 and now it's 3,200. How is that affordable?
You of all people should know that big pharma pays these Drs to prescribe drugs that aren't in the best interest of the patient/ better fix
Many American families are one illness away from economic catastrophe. @SenateMajLdr could care less; just waiting for his big payday. #Mean
If you think the Senate minority leader cares about you, I've got some bad news....
No it doesn't
Should MA residents understand the the ACA is more or a tax thab a healthcare bill.
MA is also run by a bunch of liberal morons.
So why does every doctor say ACA is so bad and most don't even take it.
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr will be responsible for more American suffering & deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter

Just do it - earn your pay
supposedly it's a "secret" you're awful getting on Twitter and lying constantly!!
Trump and the GOP have threatened threatened to withhold the subsidies that are supposed to go to insurers.
This further destabilized the insurance marjet and they have to make it up throigh higher premiums
I know!  Spelling errors!
Agreed re: Boston hospitals
Boston Hospitals saved my son's life. I'm eternally grateful.
Had my annual physical this AM. Turned down testing on a possible dx because I can't afford to get stuck with a pre-existing condition. 
Get ready.  It's only going to get worse.
Health care doesn't make a difference to the reps - many, house reps d/not read the bill and CBO for senate version - who cares? Not repub!
#BCRA reconciles a need
to reduce medical costs by
harming end users! #Mean

Instead focus on Reducing high
Med $ per patient outcome vs 
Repubs answer 2 Social Security running out of funds is 2 just let us all die so we won't live to collect what we paid in2 Social Security.
Can you spell, 'Every man for himself'? The most powerful country on earth is admitting they can't/won't provide health care 4 its citizens.
MA speaks for all. This bill also demolishes our safety net hospitals and make access to care impossible for millions.
Trump and Bannon's plan to deconstruct/ruin the government, and therefore, country, is relentless.
That's a completely nutty take on things;  you hurt your own side with silliness like that.
