utter bullshit, the roads are so filled with potholes, you risk a dui just avoiding them
You did NOTHING for Massachusetts! If I have any say, YOU ARE OUT!
She's not only "Out", she's become a laughing stock and embarrassment to America!
I can name ONE reason why MA isn't the best:our FAKE INDIAN Senator.
Notice they didn't list US Senators as a great thing for MA. We all know that's a fact Pocahontas.
didn't you lie and claim to be Native American?

despite their senator
OK, give them to me. I'll wait.
I can name zillion x zillion that North Carolina is the best place to live!
I agree and I have taught in several states.
Good one. How about you go away? #Nutjob
one reason they suck is its full of parasites that would elect a fake Indian senator in a shameless bid for handouts
get some new material
The fake Indian thing doesn't stop giving. Says everything decent Americans need to know about her.
well, if you look into the story, it explains that she legit believed it and she got nothing for it, so...
Nothing for it? Hardly. Affirmative action is the go to for brainless trash like Warren and Obama
Really a zillion, sounds like you are confused with the debt.
Umm..we are 7th in drug addiction! Thanks for not caring!
My son went to college in MA.The times we visited him everything in MA compared to TX is horrible. I worried all the time. UGLY 
it would be  even better if you are elected out of public service #hypocrisy
rest
I wish our senator in Arizonathought like you.
But we have Senator Warren ..... not so good
we have 2 of the best Senators in the country #Massachusetts
hahaha seriously we spend more and get lower returns than any other state
highly doubt you had anything to do with it.  You are too busy whining all the time #whinywarren
the best!!!
but Mass has the worst politicians ever
and our Congressional delegation is the worst
She doesn't care abut the vets. how about holding a rally for them
MA will be even better when we have a Senator who puts citizens before ILLEGALS!
not because of anything you have done for your state. Its all about you
that's what I say to you ,Go Warren, Go Away
and this started way before Baker came along.
except they support liars like you who steal from native Americans...shame
All that brainpower! Zillions is a formidable word. #yougogirl Save  it,Pocahontas. Like the 1.3 mil.God watch over you.Closely.
Absolutely nothing to do with the NE Patriots. Nope. They're not involved. Never heard of them. ;)
@profjcarson & @NorthernEssex are making a difference with @OER efforts in MA! Join them, save students $$$!
this is what higher taxes gets u...not a bad thing, necessarily
Schools need to stop relying on contingent faculty.
I'm not sure that you know how many zeros are in a zillion.
step up for your country. Stop postulating for name and face recognition
and you have had nothing to do with either one of them
the country will be better once you are out of office
I like you but not this chauvinistic approach
It's time for retirement
mitt Romney..did this not you.
Massachusetts... the anti-Trump! Best in the Nation!
you're a liar, we don't trust you.
Not because of you!
Wish I could move to MA!
I visited Boston and Sommerville, and the people were the nicest I've ever met to this day-genuine.
@SenMarkey I can think of 2 reasons why NA is worst....Warren and Markey.  Give me a break!!! #DumpWarren
we need new blood that actually shuns Wall Street and the establishment or all will be lost in 18.
Sen. Warren, while I respect you immensely, your dem party is lost. Pilosi, Schumer, clintons - old guard.
Yeah, and the cost of living in MA keeps out all the poor riffraff (aka VOTERS).
Warren - you talk about things that don't interest the American public- that's why you lost
Warren - example - like MA - doesn't interest the American public- get a plan re: money for us
you give Massachusetts a bad name
Warren you democrats need a plan to make you look good again - you just criticize Trump - no one is listening -
can you feel the lips on your ass. WOW!!
how far west have you traveled?
a zillion really. Shut up Pocahontas
What have you done to help MA? The CPFB is unconstitutional and a complete waste of taxpayer money!!! No accomplishments
just like a politician.throwing around numbers  they don't understand
Communist
We'll Be waiting for U at the speech with diaper's and pacifier's to comfort U! OR do U need a safe place??! We R voting U out!
Feet of snow? Chowderheads? Cheatin' quarterbacks? Luv ya Senator Liz, but can't agree with you on this one.
Right, offer another commemorative coin, or a Patriots proclamation, so U can secure your historical spot next 2 John Adams 
McKinsey's Leading State Index explains the story behind MA's ranking https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states …
being a Dem state also has nuch to do with it!  u Liz
MA is great, I grew up there during my youth. And although I love here in Florida very much, I am thankful for growing up in MA.
I really like Cape Cod! My dad has had a home there for more than 20 years.
On the other hand there is our Congressional Delegation - an embarrassment to sane persons everywhere.  #Nastywomenlose
I doubt you could actually name a zillion reasons. That would take several lifetimes. #Fake_Statement
love you Senator Warren. So proud of you!
we need every demand to go in front of the TV certs and explain to the American people what the Republicans are doing.
if they are you had nothing to do with it Pocahantas
Ready to abandon Idaho. The beauty of the area and interactions are great. Leaders and  government here Suck. So tired!
Does your state provide free healthcare to illegal immigrants? When I file taxes this year I'm claiming illegal status
@megfcoughlin
can you come help us out with those things in Michigan???
Ms. Warren you can't just spend other people's money and think that you are a productive senator ...
@MAHAMOSA @usnews You fighting for our country is a good reason too.
but PLSE-hate writing Congress & getting "not in my district, so won't read" replies - am minority in Florida - also AMerican.
and people wonder why I want to move home so badly.
at your age I don't think ma is listening  anymore
and you can count that high not likely. #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits #Nopotus2020
One reason is because Mike Pence hasn't been your guv. He decimated public ed. In Indiana!
Yeah, he decimated public education! LOL Fool, USA is 14th in the world.
: FAKE NEWS
stop trying to devide the country
I'm with you!
I notice you left out business environment/economy. That's because you hate small business right? #YouDidn'tBuildThat
I know you have a lousy memory because your senile if your healthcare is good it's because a Republican instituted it
yeah but your driving sucks
nothing against MA, but I'll stick with what CA represents
save public ed for the rest of us please! HR610 is very scary!
Fauxkahontas is a liar .
and because DeVos didn't mess WITH yours as she did here in MI
She says with that whiny voice,sleeves rolled up and arms flailing uncontrollably.Think how much greater if she were out!
We sure could use you in TN.
I'll throw the BS flag on this! Fair # of schools in receivership 
Healthcare and public education, not vilifying the press and tax cuts for the wealthy, should be the priority everywhere.
I'd love to move to Mass! Can I have a job? Srsly. I'm disciplined, well liked by my family, and my kids will improve gene pool.
I miss living in MA, there are so many great things about there. Healthcare was great.
I have to leave Massachusetts because I cannot afford to live here on Social Security
Prove you have a zillion reasons Pocahontas. I bet you don't cause your a liar. 2018 won't be your year #Curtschilling!!!
just goes to show how out of touch you are.
- and ONE reason why MA is the worst: they keep sending you to the Senate! You are downright EVIL!!
Typical Loser Warren snooze. Don't believe her. She us mentally challenged! Neither schools or healthcare doing good 4MA
Louisiana is last but we're usually too lit to notice. Mardi Gras!
Sorry people got hurt in the parade this morning. Have they found out why the person drove his car over them?
zillion isn't a real number Pocahontas....  That's why your schools suck..
#ACA isn't so affordable don't stand in way of #SinglePayer like rest of #Democrats phony #Progressives http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-makes-me-scream.html …
as if single payer is going to save $$ AND provide care for those with pre-existing without higher costs 4 others
Yes, by cutting advertising lobbying & other costs, plus profits it will & does in other countries already
ahh the cutting of "other costs" that I'm sure will be agreed upon and you will have your perfect healthcare.....
I just want to come home. Got a job for an English PhD?
you and your state rock
my sister is on Mass Health and some of her Drs just deaf to what she says. she is suppose to wear a boot it's ill fitting
Don't let the naysayers bother you. Trump is their leader. He is the biggest loser. WE NEED TO FIRE HIM! Heaven Help Us!
two main reasons to provide  healthy base for citizens to thrive and work
MA adopted EU health care benchmark habits?  MA had sight of fix for nat'l level. State pride is great - On Wisconsin.
doesn't have anything to do with you. You've accomplished nothing.
if Trump said "zillion " you'd want him to name everyone.
because it would be a lie and he couldn't name one.
and Elizabeth @SenWarren
the recycling and composting in Boston is awesome too
- And this makes Trump a criminal, how? (there must be an anti-Trump issue in everything you post after all.)
love you
and thank what party for your great health care
As far as I know, you had NOTHING TO DO with either of these
how can it be the best with a very high cost of living?
your a reason it's not
Public schools? DeVos will throw a wrinkle in that soon.
You are not treated fairly! Prove the doubters wrong! Release the DNA test results! UR Native American! YES!
but your gun rights are anything but the best.
also because of the great person, which is you!
name them..
Food not so good. Greasy!
Can you bring President Trump up to speed as to why Massachusetts health coverage works?
because it is a state no a country
you're doing it right, ms. Warren
Despite erratic weather, I wouldn't live anywhere else Best schools, medicine& cultural opportunities + mountains, beach & ocean
now all we need is half way representation in the Senate.
You need to pay your "fair share" in taxes Pochahantas
or where a true American can. Keep on hating, I'm sure it will improve your situation #not
sounds like your negative attitude could use one every day
MA is one of our great NE states. NJ, where  I live, could use some of these pointers. Education definitely is tops.
Liz Warren is part of the reason for failing schools ! She's a fraud ! Look for one bill with her name on it?
Missing some letters there ... MA RYLAND!! :-)
Can't agree more!
I wonder why you didn't name freedom as one... Oh, that's right. MA doesn't have much, and you don't value it.
LET'S TALK ABOUT THE 800 BILLION DOLLARS!! THAT OBAMA STOLE FROM MEDICARE & MEDICAID!!! THAT WAS ON THE NEWS
just like your taxes are among the highest!
Please count to a zillion, keep you busy and away from us.
