Senator Warren, do you have Obama care?  If so, how's that working for you if not why not.
ALL elected officials have "ObamaCare." Everyone who works in the govt must get their insurance via the exchange. Pls learn what the ACA is.
You need to check your facts because they go to the Mayo Clinic all Senators Exempted their self from taking
  Obamacare .
Someone plz tell me, what is Obamacare?
Nick name for Afordable Care Act. 
I realize that. But what IS it? Is it an insurance policy or what?
I really don't know. Have you tried Google?
What do YOU believe it is? Do you really have no idea what it is?
Kock brothers promise the GOP  $400 million in campaign donations if they repeal ACA. What's the difference in this and a bribe?
there isn't any difference! it's pure unadulterated #evil & senators who are bribed & give in to their #greed should step down immediately!
Repeal the Obama unaffordable care act  ALL reputable Drs say it sucks. 
If i cant afford to use this crap i aint buying it.
Are they going to fix it so everyone could use it?
60 copay 6000 deductible for low income is like having none at all
Why don't you listen to the the rest of your senators and do something right for a change instead of sabotaging the American people.
I'm Aaron. Please hear my voice. I love my life & deserve the care needed to make it possible. Please save my #healthcare. #medicaidmatters
You are my hero Aaron. Now lets see that great big smile 
Thank you so much for your kind words.
my doctor absolutely despises the aca and really dislikes taking care of bums draining the system he is a awesome dr
They should listen to the PEOPLE who EMPLOY them first.
GOP lawmakers asked their most important constituents about ACA repeal: right-wing billionaires...
Its the same on both sides
Or we would have had single payer by now.
Influencing both sides? Sure. But let's not conflate both sides, which just leads to political ambivalence and inaction.
Thank you Senator Warren, it's very clear that children and their families would be in peril...what is more important to a society???
When is Anyone going to get this Nut out of office Impeach Already
States will make their own decisions. These docs are just worried about their money.
THERE IS SOMETHING MENTALLY GOING ON IN THE GOP PARTY.WHAT HUMAN BEING CAN AGREE IT'S OK TO CUT 23 MILLION PEOPLE'S HEALTH CARE? IT'S INSANE
I think all of congress needs to be on Obamacare since you think so much of it.
Buncha takers.
I bet the list of "doctors" you recruited to defend the indefensible are 100% members of or donors to the Democratic party.
No credibility!
We need real health insurance.medicare and Medicaid are too expensive and discriminatory
Paid for by the dems.
My husband is a surgeon. We know many doctors and they all disagree with dims and obama care. Single payer is death sentence for many.
You are so out of touch. What INS do you have?
Of course the doctors whose pockets are getting lined with "Obamacare" are going to beg us not to take away their cash cow. REPEAL !!
why no doctors had input during aca drafting
The only thing that is going to happen is that each state will be in charge of the money and make-up of the health plans, not the Fed gov't.
I am reminded of what the 3rd Reich did 2 the disabled children and adults. This is eugenic cleansing.This time it is 4 $ 4 rich ppl. Stop!
Graham just said that the bill takes money from one sector of country and gives it to another to use it better. OMFG!
Yeah-the 1's that DON"T need it!
Or listen to your constituents begging you not to abolish Obamacare!
Lie, lie, lie!!! What about the middle class?
Keep protecting our healthcare!
Our doctors in N C hate Obama care. We are all for Trump.
ACA is $$$ but it works, making for healthier more productive families & communities. FIX COST! Reject plans that fail current standards.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOe71YhTwEI …
Yes #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #HealthCareForAll @SenJohnHoeven @senrobportman @DeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito #WeAreOne
If govt can’t fix the VA you expect everyone to buckle up while the Fred drive the bus over the cliff?
Actions speak louder than words. Put all government officials of Obama Care
And the ones who have stopped practicing?
My doctor retired because he did not like what Oboma care was doing to his practice
Haven't heard a one....
Focus on Medicare for all.  ACA sucks in its own way.
Yes, don't get rid of the ACA

Lots of doctors in my state won't take Ocare, medicare, or Medicare.
They never listen to their constituents.
Please talk about the humanitarian crisis 3.4million Americans are going through in PR. It is not over. This needs more attention and help
What part of"they don't care"do you NOT understand?2018 midterms are coming&the GOP are spending 80%of their time pandering to lobbyists 4 $
I thought bribing a public officials was illegal. Just like shooting someone on Fifth Ave! #ImpeachTheDotard because ignorance isn't bliss!
Doctors is about money not healthcare
Why not tort reform? Right attorneys run the Gv't.
Wicked Warren our lying Fabian socialist misleading average Americans the Fabian playbook for socialist takeover a wicked liar
Please repeal, my healthcare cost has skyrocketed in 3 yrs. united healthcare dropped out of my company plan... #needchange
I wish we could impose the proposed health care bill ONLY on the authors and the people who vote for it.
Time to make point: No American should have to "beg" Congress! 
Tell them what you think before today's hearing (see attached)
TY!
#PDMFNB
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP keep in mind I here doctors saying #ACA is bad, we that lost ins. say it's bad. Why...because it's bad.
Why don’t you and your cronies sign up for Obamacare if it’s so great?! #delusional
Fake BS
Don't know where or who you support but it's not the voters EVERY doctor I talk with and healthcare pro can't wait for Obamacare to End!
Ok
What's app everybody
Health care and insurance companies don't work in America. Medicaid for all
You've got to be a champion for the PR recovery effort. 2
30 % of Springfield and 40 % of Holyoke it means every one in western mass
I'm terrified of losing my health care but unwilling for it to be at the expense of Puerto Ricans feeling like you've abandoned them
Knows someone from the island and is aware of the magnitude of the issue while @potus try's to limit free speech and news doesn't cover it
Fake news
#GrahamCassidy: #AgainstMedicalAdvice https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2017/09/do-no-harm/540333/ … @SenToomey @mcall
All because he wants trumpcare on it?
So Senator Warren stop the lies stop twisting the truth to continue your power and move your agenda forward We the People are sick of it
There won't be health care for these chronically ill infants and small children because it will be single-payer and just as Europe is
Thank you so right. We must defend the sick and poor elderly most of all the children.
No. We should just leave it and watch it fail, just so I can say I told you so when no one can get care, premiums go through the roof
Expect people to believe this. You found one doctor that accepts this democratic crap. Lieawatha lies again!
@GOP NOT LISTENING.
They DON'T represent.
#TaxationWithoutRepresentation
Greedy incompetent louts writing garbage, giving and taking bribes.
Senate GOP members can be impeached for excepting campaign donation for passage of bills & laws. Bribery under U.S. law.
Trump and GOP have NO EMPATHY for those who NEED medical coverage. They are glad that millions will not be covered/elderly, preexisting
Actors.
Vote NO!  All Senators: Leave us alone and quit campaigning with lies.  Leave our Health Care alone!  Fix it, don't repeal it!
amen
https://twitter.com/bessbell/status/912180264834658305 …
#healthcare
TOMORROW IS MONDAY, FRIENDS. CALL MURKOWSKI & NICELY TELL HER TO VOTE *NO* GRAHAM-CASSIDY. I AM YELLING PERSONALLY AT YOU. (202)-224-6665

All 50 states Medicaid directors have come out AGAINST the Graham/Cassidy bill. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/all-50-state-medicaid-directors-oppose-obamacare-repeal-bill-2017-09-21?mg=prod/accounts-mw … 
And Just How t HELL am I Going To Afford IT?U Know Damn well r State Can't pay 4 those who can't pay,but U make more of us so it does fail!
Great sir.
Sen Warren what health care do you have?
As a second generation Miamian please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill @senmarcorubio @RepCurbelo. Fix, not repeal, ACA problems 2 make better!
The kochs do not give a rip about children or anything else but themselves & they're bribing the GOP who only care about themselves also.
Mortgage servicer SLS is selling my home in 30 days they never tryed help me save my home 
Isn't repeal followed by replace.  From one to the other?
I am against the new healthcare bill
another lie, these doctors were paid off to say to repealing ACA
Before you vote against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act, remember that the premiums are rising, making it the Unaffordable Care Act.
essentially doing the exact same thing as you claim repealing would do.

listen to the doctors that can spend more time with patients rather then gov't useless forms and paper work
Obamacare should get a name change to Ivankacare, then they would not try and repeal it.
They're all for-profit doctors. We're tired of listening to them while they increase their profits at the expense of our health.
No one is for this ridiculous bill.
Please feel free to sign up for this crappy insurance then....oh wait, you exempted yourselves. So much for the constitution!
They do not care. Only removing  #Obama's legacy and tax cuts matter.
It's really disturbing when your whole political agenda is to undo the good policies inacted by President Obama.
We know that begging will not work. Resisting  presisting as one will. We will succeed for our families and future
Yeah, the blood suckers that prey on the benefits to get rich. I need a specialist to c me, we'll my HMO says no...no specialized treatment
Doctors get paid either way. So, most of them don't really care one way or another. We who have to pay for the high price of the ACA care.
Why would Graham & Cassidy create such a less bill? Maybe pressure & desperation played a part. & it won't pass.
@SenToomey truly think before you vote, it's people's lives you're playing with.  Stop the politics and vote what's right on healthcare
they don’t listen healthcare deaf don’t care about their constituents #GOPNeedsToListen
Now there's a revised bill to send more $$ to AK & ME? @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski don't buy it, your still hurting millions of others.
In my 65 years I've never seen children go without medical care.  Poor children get better care than mine did . . . I paid for my kids ins.
Have you checked with your medicine man?
Republicans should just stand back and let ACA die on its own. Its all but dead now.And anyone who thinks its not is oblivious or just idiot
Actually most doctors offices in most counties throughout the country don't even accept any of the ACA insurances. Doctors in DFW don't.
That should be the first thing they should do.
I can tell you this much.  No one listens to you.
Flat out SHUT UP Pocahontas! It's your crappy party that brought us this ACA total failure. Gov should NOT be involved in INSURANCE. Horrid!
Gosh your a real nice lady. Thought you were the one who said they face discrimination because you were part Indian.
I'm part Indian? Not hardly George. But there you go again quoting incorrect information. 
It was a question.
Thank you for calling it the Affordable Care Act. Like normal.
No one listens to us that are hurt by it.
Why?
Foreced to buy crap that we cant afford to use hurts some of us.
Your funny. Sit down and keep it shut. Oh, by the way. When was the last time you used ACA?
Is anyone going to fix it if its not repealed so that low wadge people couuld use it?
Rent or doctor stuff is as bad as not having it.
. @SenWarren @SenateGOP They can't hear anything but the sound of the Koch Brother's money!
Wonderful to see our best MA docs speaking out.We at the MA chapter of the AAP are proud of our President Dr Dewayne Pursley.#AAPLeads
I did talk to my doctor, Senator Warren. At my last visit in fact. He's not a fan. Said it's a bad law and it needs a lot of work. So . . .
That's because their pockets are stuffed with cash !
You hypocrite! Obamacare would've never passed if Dems had listened to doctors!
I guess you people have to always show children because you have no real argument.
Lizzy you politicians both demi and repub are all brain dead we don't give a F if it's Obamacare or Trump care it needs to be affordable! !!
Anyone backin #warren should ask her why she doesn't have #Obamacare. #waiver.
A 20 minute phone conversation between us can solve virtually all of America's conflicts concerning medical care. This is not a joke.
I did. Everyone I know hates Obamacare. It's bankrupting many businesses and families. U don't even have it, so why do u get an opinion?
Medicaid is for seniors...so it doesn't affect children.....but ok...
Yes
Please listen to health experts advice not just party rhetoric.
The truth is that independence as opposed to cooperation is a pervasive value into U.S.  Rich don't want to share with the poor.
It means 60% are not children.  Quit fear mongering and align with Congress to give us affordable healthcare like you were elected to do.
I heard them and they want it gone!
Yeah let's take advice from people whose paychecks rely on gov subsidies. What could go wrong?
If you could just go ahead , have a heart attack, that would be great  #MAGA 
Warren you should be a shame for  using little children pictures to sell to us your Obama care.
Doctors are smart people and they are not going to listening to you liar.
Hey warren, all the doctors in my state are against the Obama care. Same thing in other states where I have friends and family.
Healthcare in GA is not affordable to those who self insure.I have an insulin dependent spouse and child. One company will insure us in 2018
LOL! They want straight repeal. Just ask them.
Must keep fighting the the ACA...and Medicare, and Social Security
What part about it has become completely unaffordable do you not understand? 1%er's like yourself need to shut up...
#GrahamCassidy should be arrested for endangering the lives of 30 million Americans

Listen to the middle class liz, we can’t afford the ACA. Be honest you just like control and disproportionate millions going to Mass
Could you afford being dropped when diagnosed with a major illness?
I must have missed anything constructive Liz has done to correct that issue. But she is fine sucking working class dry.
Vote on what YOU are willing to have as your own health coverage. Reduce your own, then come talk to your constituents.
Only if those doctors are mega donors will the corrupt GOP take a second, moral thought.
Vote NO!!!
Show us your health plan, you frickin hypocrite.
Get gripped, Pocahontas. They're a special interest group. But u knew that.
Please vote no on trumpcare.
the doctors didn't pay certain elected officials hundreds of thousands of dollars to repeal it. Kochs want it gone.
Why aren't all of you on the same plan??
Please talk to your fellow senators about pushing bipartisan solutions! Universal healthcare is a mistake to bring up right now.
The very selfish self centered republicans want to take our country backward.  Thier only interested in their lobbies and do not care
I think republicans have decided not to listen no one else only their feel good selfs
Fake news
They can't hear or see the protest or public disgust with #GrahamCassidyBill because their minds are filled with hatred for #Obama 
#Bigotry
Please, no doctor would in their right mind lobby for insurance industry... period 
It cuts the doctors gravy train
Love you Elisabeth....you are so right!!
Why would doctors not object to anything that gets in their pocket.



Why not have them lower their rates? Then ACA wouldn't be so expen$ive
Go back to the reservation squaw!
Nobody wants what you want to turn America into. No Dr is begging. Stop lying.
Doctor's begging not too, because they don't want to lose their welfare checks.
Don't  need to listen to people that take hugh amount of money from the pharmaceutical comps. Who cares what doctors think.
Here is a proposition @SenWarren: if the bill fails to pass, you & your colleagues are required to go on the same healthcare plans as us...
Don't let them throw people off much needed Medicaid! Work to improve ACA for all. #SaveACA  #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
I liked my doctor and my plan.....  You said I could keep my doctor and my plan....  YOU LIED!
My doctor tells me obama care reduces health care for millions because of huge deductibles! People because they can't afford to go to doctor
