Yeah, Sen. Warren! Words for you to follow, try it! Please....
She has been! Hard to work against the a**hole-in-chief
No she hasn't! Instead of ideas, it's been one lame excuse after another. Just like the Republicans. No one's working together. A blame game
Sen Warren, wake the hell up, they don't care how many die, they are cold cruel ruthless,and we have to go to war against them.

In the end it was only two women that listened to their people.
Why, your siding with a political party.
Only two show balls to stand for the country so far. And they are women. Now to see how McCain and Johnson vote.
Apparently to "have balls" is not a sign of strength. Show some ovaries tells it like it is.
Touche :)
Anytime they counter you, they prove exactly that.
We know what @GOP will do and we all know people who will suffer because of their irresponsible actions. #VoteThemOut
Heard 1'st anti-Warren ad in Boston today. If Klown thinks he's a win with that crap then he is a certified GOoPid Hypocritter Economoron.
What do you talking about you have never cited for the American people only your pocket book.

We need to stop thinking these dirty GOP thugs have any conscience and care about the American people at all. #republicanmafiaparty
 yeah ... nope
gop is siding with the people who got screwed by http://obamacare.You  don't count
Republican silence is deafening.

Do you use obamacare? If not please do then get back to the people you think you represent thanks babe
What will it take to impeach before trump ruins our country ?
Sen. Warren, you are right as usual but I fear the Repubs abandon their moral compass years ago. #WakeUpAmerica This course is dangerous
Hahaha! That's funny. GOP doing something right! Never has happened & never will! If it makes them money & pleases the lobbyist, they do it.
they are short sited and care for no one but themselves.  The plan they give to the people they need to have as well.
This coming from someone who only wants to negative on everything non-democrats
Quit playing games with our health care.  Get in there and work together with the. Republicans
Silly I thought this was the moment in history were Americans find out the Dems allowed Pakistani spies into congress #AwanBrothers
We are better than you Liz, we actually love our country and respect the individual. Vote oyt Dems in 2018
RULE OF THUMP:
FIRST DO NO HARM !

Good come back. I think you might've won this debate.
Not health care, health insurance.  Big difference.   And anyone can purchase their own  insurance.
No they can't.
Or lie to both buying votes through misleading scare tactics and false promises
Who are you kidding? The GOP voters have spoken. The Senators know this. U think they respect ur opinion? Not!
@GOP they are worse than this - GOP are allowing traitors at highest levels in Government- for tax cuts for themselves & cronies- so wrong!
How many republicans do you personally know?
family members & friends are staunch Rs (so far) tides are turning
Then you should not make such sweeping generalizations.
Benaiah- didn't make sweeping generalizations. Warren was referring to GOP/ Senators & congress- NOT GOP voters- I was too!
Does "political party" now mean infinite and dark funders, versus the people?  Those funders should show up and state their case!!
Wow the dnc queen in full lock step w ur progressive libtard idiocy telling us to do better ! We r ur potty got fired & more in 18 by by
Epic failure - republicans are all bought and paid for

How are you representing your people while on tv complaining instead of presenting your plan to fix the problems your party caused ?
But Senator, they're NOT better than that! They hate democracy!
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could beyond rich oligarchs running the RNC and DNC
they represent me, unlike you.
Do you like being the most laughed at senator
Pocohantas
Maybe if we take away the healthcare of all senators and congressmen (which taxpayers pay for) they'd remember who they work for..smh
So dumb. Here's an idea y don't dems stop acting like poor losers and come together and help???
But Mam, WADR, u shd've sided w people when @SenSanders was fighting alone against "DNC’s deceptive conduct" helping HRC. SORRY.
YES!
I.have worked  hard  to overcome  wrongs  in government
Why are we still  fighting the same issues over a century now?
GOP Senators are not better than this. They see dollar signs if they can get this bill passed. That's what they care about.
Stop them Ms. WARREN we are depending on truth and reason.  The GOP has no common sense.   Saddened this even made it to a vote.  DAMN GOP
Cheif Warren-Sitting Bull speaks Again....
Why can't our Government have more honest, forthwith, exciting senators like you Elizabeth.  I loved your segment on Rachel Maddow 2 night.
Well I think there are a few senators in a few states that better get their resume's updated, because they might be out jobs after 2018
If any of you really represent us, you'll put term limits on yourselves.
SENATOR  WARREN!!! ABSOLUTELY...
What have the Democrats done in the past 40yrs
I guess they couldn't prove they were better. Sad for millions
The GOP is not better than this. They have proven it time and again. They've lost their humanity, decency, integrity and souls.
The most hypocritical thing ever posted by a democratic senator
Fuhrer VonFuckFace and his Douche Brigade MUST BE STOPPED. They are systematically destroying our democracy and taking life and liberty.
They proved one thing & only one.
They DO NOT CARE ABOUT AMERICANS, DEMOCRACY, OR HUMAN LIFE.
@GOP said their constituents DO NOT MATTER.
Remember what Trump said about McCain during the campaign??
I dearly respect John McCain but someone needs to tell him all they care about is getting his vote.
They're not. Big surprise there.
doing nothing helps the GOP keep the corporate welfare in the exchanges and price gouging for other policies. separate the two!!!!
and you can stop using the Medicaid expansion to not fix the price gouging insurance companies on the exchange and group employer insurance
That's easy compared the Democrats we are angels
And they prove they're not
We are better that's why President Trump is in office
Seems your followers are as clueless as you are Pocahontas. They don't seem to know what you all are voting on.
The people they represent want the failing Obamacare repealed and replaced. They're the people who are paying for everyone else on Obamacare
Democrats just want other people to pay for their crap
All you want is more people on the crap called Medicare and Medicaid which is leaps and bounds worse then their current plans phooey!
They are not better than this
Somtimes I believe that the Republican party has no soul.
UR word, morals, and cry for anyone to do what is right, Is a dam joke.Where was UR cry for the ppl that rep the ppl to put Hillary in jail?
They won't. Because they aren't.
The America I knew is dead. Time for the Resistance. The American Spring
Please get rid of O'care!!!  We need something better and cheaper.
wishful thinking that @SenateGOP will put people before party
Prove it
Ironic that this is  a mirror of Democrat attitude in passing ACH. I just want  them to be better than you were for all the people.
Unfortunately, they are NOT better than this.
They chose party. This is not politics it's people lives and they don't care.. Sad.
VOTE YES!!!!
They should put something useful in it like weed or dental and how about hookers? We need individualized care because govt. is clueless.
They are proving themselves, smiling as the knife sinks in.
Go do a rain dance
Perhaps "We The People" should INSIST that the GOP senators be REQUIRED to use the same coverage they vote to approve for us!! 
You liberals shoved it down our throats. How odes it feel? Payback.
What, you pathetic democrats sided with your party when you voted on Obama care. You would not take one amendment from the republlicans.
And this was the moment that started all this!
Liz the GOP will NEVER be better
OMG BEEN SAYING THIS ALL ALONGSIDE! Once elected partisanship is over, become a Republicrat, in the middle for us all.
You are off the reservation! #seewhatididthere?
They sided with a Republican Party . Sad 
@SenJohnMcCain proved the GOP does not care what voters want. McCain & @GOP are not heroes or patriots. They are anti-American
Prove your heritage, how bout that and when you find out you're not Native American..You should pay back all that money you got by lying.
Yeah, you've risen about partisan politics so many times
Really, Elizabeth - this coming from you?  You are the poster child for holding the party line.
I agree. I'm a conservative and republican . And a proud American just like you Senator. Let's help each other!
that's like asking satan to stop being satan lol
They sided with their party, big shocker. What's next ? Seems like ever day with this asshole is a new nightmare
Idiot. Hypocrite.
I don't want to be forced to but health "insurance" with sky high premiums and deductibles, OK?
It's not ok insurance doesn't work. That way get a brain.. The. Kg high rates are the result of r public and sabotaging obamacare
Uhh no. The sky high rates have been in place since I was forced to buy it in order to subsidize a small group of people who spend big $$$
#theYbetterdeal with losing more elections!
No they need to prove they are with american people!!..not you socislist pigs!!
NO SINGLE PAYER!
TY, EW for leading the charge. Keep it up, never give up! We are behind you 1000%!
GOP is better than DEMS by a country mile.Americans have witnessed DEMS obstruction, lies and hate for our country. We want 2 #MAGA.
Dems better make single payer their platform or we will end up with Donald for 8 years
Please tell them to vote no. Amend the ACA where it's not working. Expand Medicaid. Don't let red states opt out. Has to be uniform.
Senator Warren, please recognize the GOP is a criminal organization, not a legitimate political party. Proceed accordingly.
Dems obstruction? How a bout how repugs obstructed the supreme court choice?? They also obstructed everything Obama did..Payback is a bitch
It's time for you Dems to get tough and stop this train wreck the American people are on!
They just can't do it. Trump still serves their purpose. To hell with the American people - Republicans flat out do not care.
Whelp. We know now.
Or not.  Sad days.
GOP don't care about anybody but their Rich friends and themselves. They expect us to pay for their tax breaks by cuts in our programs

They do not give one shit about entitlements that tax the rich. You know that.
Look who's talking about siding with a political party or the people they represent. Such hypocrisy.
Apparently the Republicans aren't better than this
@dscc The GOP is representing me and millions of other Americans who can't afford their premiums or deductibles.
They are gutless wimps.  Sheeple
#hypocrite
We are. They are not.

Alas, they aren't. And 45 had a presser to show case this great accomplishment of his presidency. Sad state of affairs for US.
They sided with the SUPPORTERS of President Trump Thank GodGod Bless President Trump and God Bless America 
They did side with the people they represent.
This voting person wants #RepealObamacare
The people win!
Are you a Republican senator or congressman? Better have your resume tuned up and ready to find a new job cause your outa here.
If your serious about helping correct health care issues. Now is your opportunity. Put up or shut up. We need democrats input
Democrats came up so h Obamacare which was fine until repubs sabotaged and stopped paying insurance companies
You have to pass it so you can read it
spare us your sanctimony
Party Party Party, you had the chance to be included. Your preference was to resist. You loose again Poco
They proved one thing, they don't represent the majority of people in their districts or the country as a whole.
Maybe next time...
I agree, thank God Obama is gone
They better change your mess.
The proof is in.  Good healthcare is only for Senators and Congressmen.
Hey don't you have a Casino to run
My bro!
Thanks Elizabeth.  I used to think that politicians were supposed to represent the  citizens not just their "gang."
Better than your lies
Good thing you sen Warren don't side with the people
They were not better than this. Party over country.
NOW DEM., SEN: Dems NEED enough amendments, bog down the Senate all the way out to Sept. 30 when the new fiscal year starts. Stop the murder
Population know's better lady
Ssssshhhhhhhhhh.....
You are wrong. Millions of people have insurance now but repubs sabotaged Obamacare by not paying insurance. Companies
Party over country every single time, even supposed heroes.  #HeroNoMore
They weren't.
Problem is, senator, that you're not better than this. If you all were, we wouldn't be having this debate.
Says the 45 follower troll with no picture
Are YOU better then this;;please jump in and HELP give WE THE PEOPLE A GREAT HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM.
Suckit
When have ever done the right thing Pocahontas???
Well, looks like @SenateGOP chose to support their party instead of millions of human lives.  I hope those humanoid monsters are happy.
instead they voted to "help" poor folks buy HI plans with deductibles they can't afford. @GOP do u know how HI works?
@SeemaCMS doesn't matter that you add funding to help move people from Medicaid, they can't afford to use the plan!
They failed. This is the best that they could do after 7 years. So sad
They chose party over country
@SenateGOP represent the 63 million who elected Trump @POTUS. That's who they should side with. They don't represent you crazy libtatds.
You mean the three million more that voted for Hillary?
No I don't mean the losers (3 million more). GOP represent we winners who voted for the winner/Trump. Losers are represented by dim losers.

You can hope for the best but prepare for the worst. GOP is a party without compassion or empathy. #Party1st
Old white guys have declared war on women; want 'ofred' back. Used Putin for bloodless coup. Time we fix them b4 
About the healthcare vote...a reminder from history that once elites work out terms of supporting authoritarians they rarely break ranks.
We are. They aren't.
Aaand they proved that they would rather kiss party ass than serve their constituents. Greeeat.
How about you listen to your own words stop being a tool to the corrupt democrats
I wish to God that this was a representative democracy!
I'll side with President Trump against Democrats and you any day of the week!
What side did you take on the ACA? How many repukes voted for that bill?
Yeah just ocare explode and screw all
Color Mueller RED
Elizabeth nothing will change till you are with DNC as Democrats are more corrupt than GOP politicians
Schumer the tumor spreads rumor Pelosi is grossy
Better then what killing babies letting men in women bathrooms letting illegals in our country to commit crimes and then protect them 
And, sadly the boys of the GOP showed us today they're NOT.  Enjoy the kegger guys, because we're gonna vote in 2018!
Any GOP that votes for this HC Bill is NOT representing their constituents therefore should not be able to run for office again.
If you cared about the people you'd resign due to incompetence
GOP has stooped to a new low. People must rise up to protest this obscenity before ALL our rights are history! SAD!!!
Hang in there don't give up!!
What happened to McCain, Elizabeth?
I live in Mass. We are working parents and can not afford our health care. Premiums and deductibles are a joke. REPEAL.
If Cowardly Senate Republicans had to have Same Health Insurance as they place on Constituents on They would have voted. No
That party is finally siding with the people that put them there
