Sorry dear the Millions you are referring to is Younger Americans who won't be forced to buy Obamacare or Penalized for not buying it
First of all, you realize the penalties are worse under BCRA, & premiums to skyrocket?
Actually No guess why 
Democrat Senators have repeatedly said they "Haven't seen the Bill" "Secret Bill" so you statistics are Bullshit
Every major group AMA, AARP, March of Dimes has come out against, but you know better.
What part of Democrat Senators saying Secret Bill & Not seeing it don't you understand?
Can't state statistics if you NEVER saw any bills 
FYI. There are 4 drafts Senate BCRA bill. Read copy at http://senate.gov . Dems & other groups argument is they had no part in drafting
#UniversalHealthCare #SinglePayerNow
Senator, how about you and @SenSchumer get together with a couple of normal Republicans and start drafting fixes to #ACA? Do something!
Can you point out 3-5 normal Republicans in the Senate that would push us over the 50 mark?
Me personally? No. But one can hope there are a few.
Burr, Cruz, Paul, McCain and more.
I stopped reading after @SenMajLdr
Hahaha, I know the feeling
And they will be irrelevant. It's debate. What scares you about debate?
It's the Russians they are making all this happen.
Pocahontas so caring to make sure taxpayers $ continues to fund murder! Hey only a fetus! Slice n dice!
Thank you to ALL @congressdotgov who are truly looking out for US & not their wealthy donors. To those who aren't @SenateGOP @HouseGOP bye
Why don't you join the ACA yourselves and stop voting for your own raises? Then we can talk.
Thank you for your hard work!  Fight them every inch of the way!  @GOP and @SenateMajLdr need to GO!  NOW!  Greedy bastards! #VoteThemOut

Wonder where the money goes
Save our country that you wish to destroy
Good - I did t know they were doing that. The only bill is know of is the one that allows Americans to choose to buy or not buy.
Again a waste of time. Until you can control the cost of health care you can't control the cost of health insurance!!!  Common sense!
At some point I'd like senators to vote to keep @SenateDems from ripping earnings from million of people.
Smug and misguided if you think you've done something productive.
If this healthcare is so great then why are you exempt? Stop pretending like you care & we ALL have to deal w/ bad law for the greater good.
Yes stop all government progress
You don't hear the American people or you would be working with republicans to get this done, it was your bill to begin with
everyone is forgetting about the people that are paying high premiums and can't go to the doctor! SHAME
Mrs Warren. I will push my President by executive order to make all of congress and government workers have the same healthcare as Americans
But you cannot just vote against....democratic policy, problem solving and messaging needs to be at the forefront of this fight.
LETS ALL RIP THE PAPERS UP THAT BARACK HUSSEINS INSURANCE AND WE DONT HAVE TO PAY FOR NOT HAVING IT
Vote it down. Majority of Americans  support humanitarian ACA.
Thank you! Keep up the good fight!
Spare us the hyperbole Warren.... besides being a hypocrite and accountable for creating the ACA mess your nothing but an obstructionist
Y does the senate get the best healthcare over people. U hacks should not be getting better anything.
Third time is the charm! So keep on messing with the GOP!
I just don't understand McConnell et. al.'s motivation. Why would they want to make health insurance unaffordable for so many Americans?
not going to happen democrats are the losing party for the last 7 years and plan on losing more in 2018 and 2020
I'm not surprised
When will the Turtle and the Koch brothers give up?
Your party didnt care about driving costs out of control and stealing from the taxpayers to subsidize, did they? You dont either. Lies

Cross the isle and help!!!!
@SenMajLdr  looks like his face is melting
Democrats better Walk Tall and carry a big stick! Remember that movie? You've got to stop the GOP!
#DeplorableTrump
WTF are you talking about? You're either seriously delusional or you're a lying politician. Obamacare 2.0 was just passed in the Senate! SMH
@SenKamalaHarris We're counting on you in California! Save the ACA
Its a shame @SenWarren and @SenateDems are so focused on "killing" instead of breathing new life into American Healthcare.
Excellent.  When are you going to get the russian mafia out of our white house?
YOU  should be the president!
Ripping what health care ? You mean the Obama health care that is over priced and don't work  that's what you mean ,you need to be Replaced
Thanks @SenateDems and Reps who stand for We the People and do right! I have hope @LindseyGrahamSC  may @SenatorTimScott , will you?

All you care about is making money from your lobbyists and paying your women staff less than males.
Wasserman Schultz’s IT Aide Arrested At Airport After Transferring $300k To Pakistan From House Off http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/25/wasserman-schultzs-it-aide-arrested-trying-to-flee-the-country/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
I pray that you lose your seat next election time.
You Liberals already ripped HC from millions of people who paid their own way and gave it to others for free or almost free. LIAR LIAR
As long as #Trump is president.. the government will be at a standstill. #Trump presidency is a defunked
Sun & Mars pushing leaders to #getmoving, shows they are #spinning their wheels, end of week #GOP & #TRUMP #HittingAWall on #HealthCareBill 
Princess Tellumbiglies...that's quite the big lie. No one is taking healthcare away from anyone! Stop scaring your braindead followers!!
@SenWarren Obamacare is blowing up, why not work with Republicans to give the American people something better?
No one wants democrat controlled monopoly on health care.  Higher prices. Less choice. Death panels. #bigGovernmentSucks @DiehlForSenate
There are 300+ million people in the US, and only 9 million on Obamacare. Stop making mountains out of molehills, but then, you're a Dem.
Will you object on these grounds in order to make sure these horrible bills don't pass?
Liars lie about Everything. Liars are scumbags, right Liz? Here is a picture of one.
Thank you for being part of the backbone of this country. You make me proud everyday
Could have stopped right after McConnell.
A tough woman not only has to fight for her beliefs, she must battle those people who
think she must speak softly and not confront them.
maybe you could rip Mitchy to bittsies
yet no problem with "you can keep your Dr" lie and failing ocare making it unaffordable or paying a fine $900 mo $9000 deductible 4 me
Keep up the good fight!
It's what obstructionists do
The ACA was passed in the dead of nite by socialist demo-liars on the backs of we the people with insurance plans that r not affordable
Rip, Rip, Rip, Away!!!
You mean you want to keep a plan in place that is ripping legal Americans off! Tell the dam truth it's not scary
It is scary that GOP is going to keep throwing bills out until something passes. This is not spaghetti u throw on wall to see if it sticks!
Why didn't you care when Obama ripped away care from millions?
yes Liz why didn't your care?  why is it ok that people also dont have the dr they wanted to keep? what should we tell them?
I would be dead if I didn't  have insurance and my life is just as valuable as Trumps.
You are seriously deaf
You're such a ridiculous hack. I really hope you get to be the Dem nominee.
Keep up the fight!
What about the millions who can't afford coverage now?
Nit wit has to come up with something controversial so hopefully people will forget about Russian investigations!!
Spinning your wheels Pocahontas's!!
No ripping - just more fake outrage and snowflake fear mongering.
 such a fraud
Bang bang  
Warren supports socialism. Should be investigated for ties to Venezuela
I don't suppose McConnell is one of the people who will lose healthcare, is he? I'm guessing no.
It's actually putting a Stop to killing millions of babies!  Do the math Liz!
it is not poor people getting healthcare taken away, it is greedy legislators getting kick backs and slush funds ended
The GOP is out of control, thank you for voting for the ppl!
Hello
Why don't you help instead of been a pot in the mud! !!!
@SenateMajLdr is a Russian puppet
We're with most of u.. but if Dems want to take 2018-20 races they  better get with the SINGLE PAYOR PROGRAM.. and a mandatory comprehensive
Test in all medical/pyhcological aspects for All presidential cand plus MANDATORY TAX DICSLOSURE for same
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Warren for your hard work and diligence. Keep fighting. Stand strong.

Crazy Warren has no clue what she's even talking about! She needs 2 take up hiking in the woods!
Tell them if this insurance is so great then let them use it if it dirks for them then ok
"Ripping"
WORK TOGETHER FOR US !!!!
It's good you're unable, but why not work with republicans to help Americans keep health care? Because you don't really care about that.

No, Obamacare is doing that! You can't see that or you just don't care about reality and facts. Just drinking the kool-aid.
It's a death squad!! That's what the republicans and GOP. , want but not for themselves. They should be under a death squad and feel e
Do you realize that the hard working people of this country oppose paying for the lazy? Those "millions of people" need to get a job!!
The problem is that McConnell will keep putting Bill after Bill out there until something sticks He is relentless he is the Terminator of HC
Thank you for fighting!
Keep pushing accordingly.  Same to @SenBookerOffice @SenatorMenendez @SenSchumer
And some brave Republican women. Support their persistence
Thank you!!
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000OO3R48/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B000OO3R48&linkCode=as2&tag=hollywoodkc27-20&linkId=95601c4b3afde1c5e186b029368b9574 …
From your lips to Goddess' ears.
Just when you think a person can't become more vile and less human, he does it again. Daily. And the @GOP is just as bad.
How can we help?
Thanks
why not judt thd head of the mfn snake?
All of u politicians are seriously a joke. Whiners crooks and Liars
Keep up the fight for Americans!
Am starting to believe the POTUS is soulless,along with being dickless, spineless, witless and wife-less. Let's add jobless and homeless NOW
Only thing they are ripping away is a total disaster! I can either pay ACA or pay my bills and buy groceries! Not both!
AMERICA REPUBLICANS ARE STILL PERPETUATING AMERICA'S FIRST MASS GENOCIDE OF POOR, SICK,ELDERLY HANDICAPPED

TY from my heart. I live in WA St or I would b there to support u daily as you rightfully support Americans!
Use every tool available to slow down debate and to pick apart the bill. Filibuster by Amendment. #KillTheBill
Under Obamacare LIEAWATHA there are MILLIONS of people already who don't have insurance because they can't afford it!
Thanks for fighting for us!
Poor liberal. You don't understand the difference between "health care", and "health insurance".
Thanks for keeping up the fight! Proud to be in Mass!
Let the Republicans know they own in everyway the DEATHCARE bill if passed the pres,VP,repub congress not Obama,hillery,not dems! They are!!
This morning the Dems will piss on a fence post.  Nothing will come of this.
Give em hell.
Thank you and all the colleagues, standing firm in support of well-being and health of a nation - and also rejecting mean-spiritedness
Mean spiritedness???? Wth is that????
Why aren't u on Obamacare if it's so wonderful? Or are u too much of a coward to answer my ? You haven't to date. U work for me! ANSWER!!!!
It better be EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#RESIST
Thank you.
Vote Democrat Senate and Congress in 2018. Then impeach Trump.
Maybe you and the libs can give him some pointers?? Ocare did the same thing and slowed the economy.

THE GOP SAYS AMERICANS SHOULD BE AFRAID ISIS, THEY ARE COMING TO KILL US, THE GOP IS NO BETTER THAN ISIS THEY ARE VOTING TO KILL MILLIONS!
The Democrats didn't care to rip health care away from millions of working Americans with the SCAM of Obamacare, did they Warren?
I hope most @GOP find the spines to #VoteNo
Senate Dems standing ovate Brain Attacked Insurance Removing GOP stalwart McCain.

is this what #TheResistance is all about?
Dems and Reps are embarrassing themselves with HC fight - WE ALL LOSE
Trump should have just let odummercare crash and burn!!
When will the ppl who live in Kentucky repeal and replace McConnell?
Thank you, Senator.
Now, if we could just kill capitalism.
Will u help Americans too @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito @JerryMoran @JeffFlake @senrobportman @SenRonJohnson @BillCassidy @SenCoryGardner ??
Don't care. I am just numb.
This is a LIE FROM POCOHANTAS!  My family is being slowly MURDERED under Obamacare! It's a death sentence!  Save us from LIBERALISM!!!!
The health care insurance industry are posting record profits while Republicans claim it's bankrupting them....Only facts matter!
U r such a liar! No one is trying to rip healthcare away from anyone! Maybe allow less able bodied to go on medicaid! Full of false rhetoric
Thank you, Senator! America needs you more than ever!
Let's take his health care away! Or better yet, take it away from someone he cares about. Must be nice to be on the back of taxpayers.
But he is planning on sending millions of people on an early trip to heaven!
'member... But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment. Matt 12:36
Good luck but while you're at it take every second you can on the floor, each and every Democrat take your time and grind it to a halt.
Thank you for fighting for us and for what is right!
I stand with you. Thank you for continuing to #ProtectOurCare & fight for the 99% that don't seem to matter to the current administration.
Go Senator Warren Go!!! #RESIST #TrumpRussia
Hopefully the BS dump pulled this morning, will start a fire in the Dem's push for fair and decent healthcare for all.
keep up the good fight, the people do not want this bullshit the gop is trying to serve us. #Resist
Most Americans love president trumps agenda
Ripping away healthcare from millions of people? When it bans no one from buying insurance or going to the emergency room, Sackofcrapajawea?
Thank you.

First Muslims. The Mexicans. Then healthcare. Now transgender. 

Will you be next? Will you continue to be silent until they come for you? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/890197095151546369 …
And some republicans, too, I hope!
 I only saw first 3 lines before I fully opened!
HOLD THE LINE, WE WILL BE OUT IN NUMBERS IN TOWN HALLS, AND GOP OFFICES. HOLD THE LINE.
Give'm hell, Lizzie!!!!!?
why should people who have great health care tell those who dont what is really good for them! Fix and repair ObamaCare
Thank you!
Please tell me there are more good people than "them." We warriors are getting weary.
Good luck guys and keep fighting. Thank you for all you do.
Stop them @SenWarren !  Take out the whole rotten Trump Admin.
Thank you, @SenWarren , for looking out for all Americans.
Second???!!!
Thank you for all of your service!!!
Thank you  for all your great work Senator!
Well hopefully we get this right
Keep Fighting
have you been able to see what you're voting on this time?
