Your job= put a gun to Americans heads to take whatever. And you're frantic about an org who shelters people from poor choices...
how are they a strong cop?  Who have they put in jail, perpetrators of fraud just get to resign with their huge severances!
Yes, like Maxine Waters! Ooops, too soon? Every time she says "impeach" a banker gets his wings.
Darth Cheeto is destroying himself.
He and his team are also being investigated for assisting in the DNC e-mail hack.
Whoever made that is either retarded or lying.  $10 million is not top 1%.
I am sorry, but there are several more than 100 people in this country worth over $10 million in this country.
Is because of all his cabinet appointees.  And how much he's screwed the "working man" in the past.
And you should stop taking their money for support.
@0urJohnAdams @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CFPB The GOP being complicit to Trump's corruption is telling and unrecoverable.
I agree, but that goes both ways! There is plenty the Dems could agree with the Rep on too!
You're SERIOUSLY denegrating "big banks" after the bailouts? Wow....
when will they pay me back?? They took our home and need to be held accountable! NO STEALING!
i agree with that
just because they have money you believe they're always wrong, guess that makes you wrong
Siding with big banks?? YOU'RE  being paid by the big banks, via Soros
@Weingar2Marilyn @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CFPB  Do you have anyone in the GOP left that is honest?
instead of picking a side why not work with them to fix the issues
oh.  Nowwww you want cops?  Laws are good now?  Hmmmmm.  But not for HRC right?  #hypocritewarren
the @HouseDemocrats should stop acting like babies about anything the @HouseGOP agrees with
Just WHO isStanding 4 the big banks?Look in the mirror!Using Karl Marx tactics don'tWork anymore
dont you make 400K??  Who manages your $$$ ..BIG BANKS!..you lack substance lady..
@CFPB complete shake down artist , no oversight fastest growing Gov agency with zero responsibility making up the rules as they go along!
I agree; good luck with that. I am waiting to see if the middle & lower classes survive.
@elleydeleon hie you look smart
actually we should get rid of CFPB because it is an unaccountable extrajudicial entity
So they should support an unchecked government overreach? CFPB is dead. Deal with it. Cordray isn't qualified 2 b a teller. Nor u
I love your message but the fact you don't talk to the press distracts from our message. Improve your access get our message out
maybe a tax law to prevent banks from over flowing their shorelines, so to speak.
big banks have funded this nasty woman ,the choice is yours
didnt you make money from people losing their homes?   The CFPB needs to protect us from you
< u should do the same Liz. I don't care if u don't like Hillary. Now we have Trump. fin' ..
@jboogie_pdx  @HouseDemocrats @CFPB
@GOP @SpeakerRyan

Open your ears & listen to @SenWarren - Massachusetts #1 state to live in the country!
instead of being a socialist perhaps you could help ALL Americans and not the ones you can buy
Lol it's not in the wealthy's best interest to help the little, guy.
Bank of America destroyed my family. The CFPB has helped protect us from further abuse.
We saw that you mentioned us. If you need help, let us know @BofA_Help. ^mj
Please vote no #NeilGorsuch His record is pro-corporate, pro-torture & he's not answering questions. 
@SenWarren @HouseDemocrats
you're drunk again.
The CFPB is a shining example of the tyranny democrats are capable of.
:  We won the presidency. We won the House. We won the Senate
whatever
if we wanted the GOP 2 join U we wouldn't have voted so many of U socialist's  out! The rest of U R going out NEXT! Rem NOV????
Liz, you are a mess! Lay off the unsolicited feline adoption.
how about siding with the Cherokee and paying back the Harvard scholarship you STOLE by LYING.
Yes we all should join Democrats then the world would be perfect! So Self-Indulgent!Sad!@FoxNews
go away squaw
if you REALLY cared about us little people get rid of the PRIVATLEY OWNED bank ...THE FEDERAL RESERVE...no U would rather cowtown to the NWO
WHAT?!?!?!?!?...you...you actually like bipartisanship?!?!?! the way you talk I would think NOT.
Elizabeth please shut your mouth tired of your barking!
Spent 10ys w/a few folks you took to task in hearings.W/out being that deeply embedded,most can't see why @CFPB is INDISPENSABLE.
I see, the GOP should "join" Dems who oppose them at every turn. U R pure poppycock.
Democrats aren't afraid of what Trump will do, they are afraid it will work!
why are you complaining? You are rich,don't play that dumb game, it doesn't work!
why don't democrats join the republicans? We are the majority as you know
you are an embarrassment to our state.
Ur such hypocrites! U all have been in with the big banks! Hillary's bank account is padded by them! Urs too I'll bet!!!!!!! Hypocrites!
YAWN
Oh really? Let's ask Chucky Schumer about that, he is receiving big bank, big money also .
yes but look at the st Trumps administration full of crooks who should be in prison for collapse
please attempt to at least to one thing for the rest of the country GOP
POCAHONTAS are NOT PROUD OF YOU as their REPRESENTATIVE!
Trump called Hillary crooked saying she's owned by Wall St. but his cabinet if full of their ilk.
When have you ever sided with the @HouseGOP ?
Are you crazy? Obama STOLE $260 billion from GSE's to prop up ACA and ur asking for strong cop?
They are too busy siding with Russia
Good luck with that....
join evil?  Never. FYI Hillary took big bank money.
without you who is totally corrupt
You don't get to make this argument anymore. You sold your soul when you endorsed Hillary.
Democrats hate law enforcement. Please stop using them in your nonsensical screeching.
Problem w/ Dem is they are communist party wanting Total Gov Control, Big Bro! Edu, Med, Media..
house dems will likely be gutless and refuse to obstruct GOP demolition of our institutions...
Strong cops doesn't mean bloated  bureaucracies with duplicative roles.  The @SEC can handle it.
All you have to do is look at their stock portfolios, until they hide them in a fund.
Yes but they will not
@Voter99percent @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CFPB but big banks run this show again 
GOP only wants cops that arrest brown people for 'taking" money from white people.
GOP has sided with big business its stance is not surprising GOP voters will learn the hard way
@carmenvellon @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CFPB  Can a rock fly? NO! NOT until you throw the sonofawitch out
Be honest Warren how much money was Banks forced to DONATE TO PROGRESSIVE SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS
collecting ur share of overpaid worker contributions #Liawatha #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
The @HouseGOP is more interested in protecting corporations than consumers.
Liz, tell us how you feel about the CFPB.
You were paid $350k to teach a single class and faked being a minority for bennies
I won't go back to America until the @gop psychopaths and @realdonaldtrump AKA Darth Cheeto no longer have control.
If you ppl in ASSachusetts have never heard of Geoff Diehl you should give him a look.
Bless your heart @SenWarren, since #DoddFrank became law the big banks have gotten bigger and small banks are fewer.
Our plan, the Financial #CHOICEAct, ends #DoddFrank taxpayer-funded bailouts for Wall Street & toughens penalties for Wall Street wrongdoers
where did the billions and billions of dollars go that the banks paid in fines????
Wouldn't that just make common sense?  Apparently GOP have given that away, too.
you are so full of it.... For some reason you hate people who have earned there money.... And you
What was that about Trump, Russia and collusion?  Stay focused.
You might want to ask the Clintons about their speechs to Goldman Sachs for $500k. When shoe fits
And that is relevant to Sen Warren's tweet how? C'mon...focus!
More diversions...
Really? Your side lost! It's up to your side to go to POTUS! You are becoming irrelevant!
Lizzie is back ...
THANK YOU for your hard work that is ACTUALLY "walking the walk" when you "talk the talk"!
Lizzy, all you support is Large Government Controls of Everything. Soon I'll have to get govt permission to take a shit
The Rs will lose all their kickbacks if they break w their thieving ways. You'll do what's right
Siding with the big banks and not the people who elected them to do the people's business?!
We all know they won't. @HouseGOP are paid by those big banks, work for them, represent them.
in our dreams, unfortunately. But thanks
Someone looking out for people over companies.
Sarah Silverman pulled out of her bank joined credit union, asked us to do the same
I'll bet much of your money is parked in those big banks & on Wall St. You're a Hypocrite 1%er!
Cut financial regulations, regulators cops -- another free-for-all on the American consumer.
we dream! Greed Trumps everything. Pun intended...
also remoras should stand up to sharks and protect seals.  #symbiotes
trump let the Trojan Horse in the gate (Russia) time our law enforcement agencies to get tough
& DT/BFFs? @SenWarren @HouseDemocrats @CFPB
@HouseGOP is voting:party/me over cntry/
#resist corruption
#persist on transparency
#trumpdeathcare
Warren, I really hope you're legit & haven't been either bought or threatened 4 your silence.

@SenWarren @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CFPB
POCAHONTAS! You seem a little nicer in this tweet--mean hag isn't working for ya?
You're talking about the guys who's very first vote was to destroy all ethics watchdog orgs.#CA45
instead of fighting w/ the GOP start collaborating and using positive energy to unite our Country
like the Republicans did 4 the previous 8 years?
Thats a rather sweet notion, Senator, but have you met any Republicans? It's not their priority.
says the women that is worth 15 mil yet she is a civil servant ! What is wrong with this picture
15 mil wasn't enough so you voted for yourself to receive a raise of over 40,000- a yr .
Do you even realize how many hrs does a middle class person has to work just to make your raise
agreed. But @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP are immoral liars who'll only harm our economy and ordinary Americans.
Voting for ANY Democrat is voting for Muslim values ........ NO Democrats
it won't. This is why we need to fight tooth and nail anytime we can. The fix is in.
- Will #Democrats side with #GOP to keep #Americans safe from #Obama #Illegals & #Muslims? #MAGA
go back to your teepee and take a nap
dullard
