.@justice8_bill Most data shows <12M in 2017.I certainly respect your right to opinion.Just saying facts are good, to avoid swallowing foot!
What about the execs who sold shares ahead of the leak being made public?  Can the CFPB go after them?
Oh they will. We will just have to see if the "drain the swamp" people do it with any ferocity.
Revoke their corporate charter and jail their leaders pls.
Your Contributor #IBM is involved.  "Equifax Extends Technology Services Agreement With IBM."   @LouDobbs 
 http://www-03.ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/27266.wss …
Following that same stupid logic.......Microsoft is also involved. I'm sure Equifax uses an Excel spreadsheet somewhere in their business.
Yes but IBM is helping with outsourcing on the tech agreement.  Read the article.
I read it. I understand it. And I repeat my comment. iCloud,Dropbox is the same business model. So how is IBM a co-collaborator to this?
@4US_Workers Here read the partnership they both have in India .  http://www.indiannewsandtimes.com/2015/07/07/ujjivan-financial-services-partners-with-ibm-equifax-on-business-intelligence-predictive-analytics-to-enhance-business-operations/ …
They should go to jail for hanging the public out to dry, using the time to pad their pockets with sold off shares. Shameful!
The party of personal responsibility definitely doesn't like personal responsibility when it hurts  giant companies.
So true, they accept corporations as people but without that personal responsibility stuff.
Isn't that funny how that works?
I don't know that "funny" is the word I would use. My word is a 4 letter verb in the past tense, that starts with f also.
Trying to keep this a family thread.
Elizabeth as a pretend senator why don't you do something about the 30 million illegal aliens destroying our economy and draining mid class
Almost all data is less than 12 million 2017.I certainly respect your right to your opinion, but facts are good, to avoid swallowing foot.
Oh ya WHO'S data.been 11 mil for 15 years.keep it low so it doesn't look so bad then WOW whoever knew.TOO late. OH WELL as long as they vote
Don't borrow other peoples $ & then you've nothing to fear by the monitors of credit & Equifax won't even know you exist. Problem solved.
Yes, no borrowing is wise, but Equifax has your SS#,bank info, birthdate, driver license. With this, crooks can OPEN credit in ur name.
Cfpb has been around for 7 years.  Why haven't they been working to safeguard the info? If not, why not?

.@RepHultgren What are your thoughts Randy? You're opposed to the CFPB, but offer nothing on how to hold companies accountable to the public
What can we do to stop @Hensarling from destroying @CFPB? I just saw the interview w/Erin Moriorty on @CBS Sunday Morning and I'm livid
Equifax PAC contributed to Sessions. Make sure he does not block SEC prosecuting insider traders.They ARE prosecuting, right?
If Obama supported it, then trump will reverse it. That's the ultimate goal of the trump administration.
Is the government going to be held accountable when you allow our personal data to be stolen? Democrats aren't good at cyber security
Funny, all of the data security people I know (from MIT & Stanford) are democrats. The DNC stinks, but democrats in general are good at it.
Simce credit ratings impact every portion of our lives private companies should not be in control of them. They should be under the CFPB.
SENATOR YOU CANNOT PUNISH THEM! IT SHOULD BE A LEARNING EXPERIENCE FOR ALL!
CMAs should only report activity. Make lenders actually think/evaluate by that standard.NO FICO crutch.And REGULATE their IT capability.
Is it NASTY & RESISTANCE MINDED? TRUTH TO POWER? GO GET 'EM.
Equifax should be libel for all damages.
They should be accountable
When are you hauling the @equifax execs in front of the Senate Banking Committee?
After 2018, I assume. Right now Republicans control Congress. But I shouldn't expect a Russian troll to know that. Welcome Twitter virgin!
We want to no the thruth about how you got your property ,heard there was something illegal don't know heard
Do we need to call 91? Your reply reads as if you are having a stroke.
Elizabeth, please do what you can to force #Equifax to provide complimentary Credit Freezes in perpetuity for EVERYONE. #EquifaxDataBreach
I propose a new class of punishment - 20 years in the slammer with total isolation from technology.
 No exceptions.
I hate to agree with EW, but, in this case she may be right.
Worried for all Americans as the @GOP seems hellbent on stripping every right and protections from everyday people. Can no one stop them?!?!
Ppl need 2 sue them for how they screw up r lives w tons of bs besides refusing as long as possible not even let u c it I gave up their goal
While bad, shouldn't the focus be on the criminals hacking?  Our nations companies and gov are at war every single day.
Depends on whether congressional families are victims, doesn't it?
Senator Warren please hold the executives at Equifax accountable for protecting their own assets before protecting their consumers!
Is this a ruling you and Pelosi wrote?  Just what  we need - more legal work.
This is ridiculous & we should be able to sue them into non existence,they dumped stock and hid it for 2 months giving hackers a head start
The @GOP has made it clear by their actions that the interests of their constituents aren't a priority.  They will ignore this completely.
I thought they already had reversed it. Unsure what specifically to do in this situation. Help.
Go back to the res squaw
Keep fighting for the ppl Senator! 
And repealing DACA would stop illegal aliens from avoiding legal accountability. Different rules for different people. U suck
Woulda coulda shoulda.  How bout you guys fix this?  Starting yesterday.


Well I'm a victim of Identity Theft for a year, and Equifax is 1 of 3 sites that r apparently locking my info so nothing will happen 4 90Day
#RRRR  This shd hold house GOP liable 4 earlier allowing sale of USA residents to have browsing records openly sold to biggest dark webbers
I hope you're doing more than tweeting about this.
If republicans own company GOP will
It is troubling is that @Equifax will profit on this massive breach by charging ppl to freeze their accts. Ms Warren, can you help?
Please fix this.
A new rule we should have would ban known liars from remaining in the Senate. No one trusts a liar, right Liz? Here is a picture of one.
Confused constituent re: what family should do: take the offer for 1 year protection + give up rights, or not? Help needed.  Please advise.
Don't accept the offer.
Seem Equifax is more concerned about signing consumers up fo arbitration. SAD.
please compel equifax to take actual responsibility for this breach and enroll all breached accounts in credit protection life lock or such.
Eqiufax is as bad as our dreamer problem.  We need to stop granting amnesty to law breakers.  We replay this horror show every few years.
How about Snowden should we prosecute the government at that time
I entered my info to see if my data was impacted and it signed me up without asking. How don't I get the choice?
Every time government gets involved it only makes things worse.
What about the share holders who dumped stock?
Like Hillary ... hack is a hack
What do you want them to do put couple of million in your account.
U and ur ilks rules. This is why we are where we are at. Get out of our lives nanny.
Why are they charging 10.00 to freeze credit reports when they are the ones who caused this mess.
And hey...PLEASE investigate the sale of stock by 3 Execs...BEFORE this was public!!!!! AND they knew about it!!!
I know there's a catch. U love companies and there money.
So hackers hack into Gvt and it's no big deal. Hacks into a pvt company and all hell breaks loose. Hypocrisy is strong w this one.
Don't let the Hurricane Coverage bury the damage that Equifax has on consumers hold them accountable
Please just go away like Hillary..you don't get to where you r today in politics without being completely corrupt yourself -glass house
They will!
Mandatory arbitration clause need to be illegal
Does the contact hold up under negligence : )
Not normal course of business??
Rather cynical view of your fellow Senators. I' be already asked mine, Ted Cruz, to hold such accountable. Fiscally.
2. Three honchos sold stock.
Is that scienter? Can you prove it?
3 Equifax honchos just happened to sell stock between learning of breach and announcement of breach. Investigate?
What protection from a large profit making corp? Of course the GOP will oppose it.
Don't let the "free market" Republicans sweep this one under the rug.
U are just trying to protect CFPB because U & Obama created yet another bureaucratic agency that does nothing but suck tax payers dollars
GOP WILL REVERSE. Not CONSUMER friendly, ever! Credit agencies use artificial standards across the board. The should only report activity
You have to make EVERYTHING apolitical and divisive don't you? SAD
You just had to take a stab @ @GOP.Trust the GOP is wary of your Democratic ploys!Which always carry some level of PERVERSION In your agenda
Not the GOP fault alone . All lawmakers are tied to this. Fix it senator, don't just cry like a child
trust me Republicans are writing a bill to reverse it as we speak
My information has been compromised, wipe my credit clean
This is part of the Trump, Obama regulation deconstruct. His nominees should be questioned about their plans to reverse or eliminate regs.
Will it stop their execs from selling their stocks between discovery and disclosure?
Well then, you can bet reversing it will be at the top of their list of ways to screw the little guy.
Equifax officers sold their stock before announcement. Insider trading is still illegal. File complaint here: https://www.sec.gov/complaint/tipscomplaint.shtml …
That's the point.
I had my identity stolen 3 times in three years. It's a nightmare to fix. Once your info is out there, the theft kept happening. It sucks
THANK YOU SEN WARREN !!!  PLS Point out who on earth would want this reversed if that happens
They will.  The GOP is always in the pocket of big business.  Some kid with a joint gets more jail time than any CEO.
Legal accountability... Like we get hosed and the government gets millions in fines.
5
4
3
2
1
AAAAND THE GOP SELLOUTS REVERSED IT IN NO TIME
(assuming this is gonna happen soon)
A lot more worried that Obama and Bush's NSA spied illegally on Americans, including members of Congress.
I am becoming so cynical that I think that will be a goal of GOP because of big money influence.
Well, @RepSenators , shall we begin by hearing your support here?
Why do we even have to have credit reporting agencies? We have no choice but to let them have our info to have credit! What about choice?
You might be a Republican if you don't think any company should be liable for this kind of stuff.
You just proved who done it and why!
They're charging $10 a pop to put a 'freeze' on your account.   143 million likely affected.  Do the math.
Brass balls to the max.
Citizens are waiting on the New Rule that prosecutes criminals for wrongdoings NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE!  #LawandOrder #MAGA
Obama was spying on us where was your concern
?
You know they will. Their CEO donates to them.
They need to be shut down.
Expect the @GOP to reverse it. There's $$ to be made by those parasites.
Please forgive my swear words!
Class action lawsuits, Time to put these grifters out of business.
I agree, you start it and I'll join right in!
There will be plenty of them to choose from soon. Experien is shitting bricks now too, waiting for the backlash after our hurricane chaos
