First @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems ARE NOT the ones responsible for creating this mess (You've been watching too much #AltRightMedia)
Secondly @HouseGOP @SenateGOP couldn't be MORE DIVIDED #EvenIfTheyTried

Don't blame the Democrats if THE PEOPLE YOU VOTED FOR....
As is the @GOP 's. Hold hearings. Prosecute all those breaking the law.
Now your on to something senator. They make Dems shriek like idiots; nothing gets done; Goldman Sachs wins. Repeat.
THE BIBLE IS A GUIDANCE!
If you have all the answers how come you never accomplish anything besides making big smoke signals ?
What needs to be fixed is known liars being allowed to stay in the Senate. I have a picture for you. It's one of those liars in the Senate.
THE ONLY DISRUPTIVE POSSIBLITIES 
I USE THE BIBLE AS GUIDANCE !JESUS SAID THE WORD MEANING THE BIBLE WILL PASS ON TROUGH THE FUTURE SO IT +
What have you offered but hate and foul propaganda when was your last bill passed at least they put something forth what are you Dems doing
Nothing because 1). Dems no longer have power & 2). WE HAVE what we want.  It's called #Obamacare
what planet are you on Obama care is dead & is collapsing you obviously do not care about all the people losing their care because of Obama
I know you going to come back with some comment you believe to be smart but don't waist your time it is a fact Obama care does not care
Hey, I hear there's an opening at Harvard to teach by-partisan democratic socialist anti male regression.  It pays 400k if you are. Hm.
ACA sucks royally our family of 5 no ins 1carrier too high pray we don't get sick You Dems go on it stay out of our lives #screwgovernment
How else would you expect Don.T.-Care to start?
If you believe Paul Ryan will not get it voted and send it to Trump, I have a couple of bridges to sell.
And ONE is in @realDonaldTrump's home state 
Yah ok whack job Warren last time u got a blank anything u added 10 trillion to the American ppls head !! No more slow & steady as y'all R
We've talked enough,time2show that American citizens deserve as good as those who work4US!
Lori Hartnett -Wow. Never heard of this?! Fascinating. Where is it?
After you and the Dems chose to do the exact same thing with the ACA!

What have you done in 7 years to lower premiums and deductible? NOTHING
Excellent point
THAT'S WHY I ALWAYS THOUGH WE ON THIS WORLD  HAVE A CHALLENGE !ALL EVENTS ARE FORETOLD !THESE TWO ISSUES IRAN AND HEALTHCARE ARE THE+++
This shows thy have lied for YEARS that thy don t know how to govern thr voters made a big mistake Getting beh DT will kill next move DT out
I hope all the the big insurers drop out on obamacare
Ding dong the bill is dead, which oh bill, the wicked bill! Score one for the good guys and gals!! Yay!! I can keep my neurosurgeon appt!!
I started crying but I stopped. We'll be ok. 
I did too but I feel better for now
swamp queen
WHATS YOUR OFFER?????
LIKE MUSLIM LEADER OF THE BROTHERHOOD BARACK HUSSEIN HE WAS A PIECE OF GARBAGE IN CHARGE OF OUR US
They could have had a committee meetings!
The malicious bill is #ObamaCare.  If you wanted to fix, you could propose something.
technology that can here shooting fired it does shirt for Chicago five million dollars for that garbage
garbage that Rahm Emanuel buys he doing want all way do shaming the people
five million dollars of money using it for programs center work shop open up bandit school that close work shop.
school that close for work shop.when you give young people and out look for hope
you want have robbery up north down town the can walk a safe street with all the damn shooting every ware in Chicago
damn shooting every ware in Chicago neighborhood no body safe with Rahm Emanuel foolish
Emanuel foolish he over look everything Rahm Emanuel sixteen shoot and a cover up man that what you get.
up man that what you get out of chicago Rahm Emanuel this him Richard Daley mindness will an soon
Now we will not bail out Ocare & watch it implode! We will get most to opt out of Ocare w/o premiums paid! Burn baby!
This
The House said "let the Senate fix it," now Senate says "we'll fix in committee." Sad!

Warren couldn't be more fake if she tries.Time will tell.
Pack your bags you will be out this term for sure.
The @GOP are EVIL EVIL PEOPLE! They're not god messengers, they're SATAN'S murderers! That's what happens when you're #SoldSouls to greed!
#GOP will be firing up their #Nazi Furnaces and death panels before long. AMERICA #ARM YOURSELVES FOR PROTECTION
If they wanted healthcare they had 7 years to make a plan instead of grandstanding with multiple repeals. Democrats prepare to govern
Rember Nancy saying you have to vote for to know what's in it.. Ha ha ha
Excellent point
Stay strong
One look at history. GOP allowed people to starve during the Great Depression. They dont believe in safety nets!

Does anyone know what this bill says?
The only thing that is malicious has been the corruption and destructive nature of people like yourself.#MAGA.
So convince your friends to vote no. Murkowski, Collins, McCain should be easy sells.
They will kill the poor and arrest blind Americans. Greed Over People !  @SenWarren @SenateDems @SenBobCasey
Senator Warren, thank you. Indeed, "This is our fight" and you have been tireless as a voice for MA and millions of Americans. Stay strong!
Help!!! We are hoping you can save us!
This can't be happening. Can't just a few Republicans be decent?
Would love this blank paper right now.
I'm crying right now can't sleep aniexty I don't know what too do
Vote No!!!!!!!!
They know Ryan will work his dark magic. Satan's stepchild.
Did you hear what they said to my representative just for voting against the party? This needs to stop
This bill leads me to believe GOP hates anyone who isn't white and wealthy. My opinion. GOP hates women.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for fighting for us.
Monsters.
Ha! Good one , Senator 
Ladies & Gentlemen, please take note of the Death Panel Party.  They must own this--pass or fail.
Totally agree TBERT .Republicans should be firing up the  Nazi Furnaces any day now
Dear senators, please act out of love for the least of these. Please act in accord with agapê, unselfish love. As much as you can, give hope
I'm so scared for everyone. I don't know how much more torture we can stand 
NONE... We have reached the limit of what we can accept!
Kind of like Your and Hillarys' books - Blank Pages :-)
I called them & left voicemails pleading, but if they won't listen to peeps on their death beds, pleading for help--then -We're n trouble.
Ty emily
14% cut in federal funding to the CDC 
Yep. Like lemmings.
They should NEVER mess w Boston. We are tough. No breaking us!!
A book was more important than hearing about how their lousy bill will affect many Americans sad day in this country!!!!#SkinnyRepeal No!!!!
This #SkinnyRepeal is just another way to pass the buck. @SenateGOP should lead. Forget this terrible bill and work to #FixACA
Exactly.  I do not trust them to do for country rather than for their own selves.
Keep fighting for us Senator. Thank you for all your efforts. 
at least #16MillionPeople
Come on, Senator Warren. Give the amateurs a break. They've only been trying to repeal the ACA for 8 yrs. Hard to go from NO to do something
Stop them! Keep fighting!!!
They want this mess to pass.  They just don't want to own it.
They know the House will rubber stamp it. Then they'll blame the House,
Malicious and vicious @SenateGOP
We are standing with you tonight Senator-
It's time to #repealandreplace insurance doesn't mean access! The ACA has FAILED.
Thank you for trying.
Reracking insurance will not solve our cost problem. We need the ability to shop for an MRI like a hotel room.
Excellent point.
We stand with you
#MedicareForAll
Thanks

 To #GOP : #VoteNO #SkinnyRepeal
... OR ELSE   #MidTermElections2018 

 #FixACA

…
