What about the middle class worker who can't afford O'Care and gets penalized for not being able to afford it?
We should be working to further subsidize those who can not afford. Not give tax break to the rich. This will NOT take your premiums down.
We should not reward anyone who is failing at the game of life. What is rewarded gets repeated.
Giving basic health care is not rewarding them, but not providing it is def punishing. Cruelty is unnecessary. There're plenty of resources.
Also, a healthy country is going to have less failures and harder workers. Your position is one that will create desperation and distress.
I don't think having one side of the population pay for people's health care somehow will make them finally work hard.
You seem to be confusing people that struggle and don't make a competitive wage with freeloaders. The later reps a very small % of the pop.
They are freeloaders who work the smallest amount possible so they keep their benefits.
And where do you fit in this?
Drumpfers, which category are you in is the question. You voted for this and you worship this administration. How is this maga for you? ?
Do you drive on local, county, state or national roads? Do you like the idea of a military to protect our nation?
My goal was to keep it simple and concrete for you. There is a moral imperative to pay taxes to live in the greatest country in the world.
Then why don't U & rest of #Dems offer 2 #HELP tweak the bill 2 make it work?!? #Obamacare is failing, so make a bill that actually works!
If you've been following the story, Dems had ideas for improvement.  pos potus promised repeal & replace. No room for Dems at the table
Been following story, thanks very much! #Dems #Pocahontas made it VERY CLEAR they have no intention of working with @POTUS /Repub!! #Pitiful
They r not working with GOP swamp on inhumane bill. Dems very willing to work on Trump's promise-more coverage, more affordable, "not mean"
Oh, please!!
He's your so-called potus. Those were his words - better, more coverage, more affordable. Where is that plan? Or was he lying? Again. 
Correct, It a lie made up by you, ya hack
Trump Wealthcare Bill.
Not sure what anyone expected from our Trumped up president & his cronies but a tax cut for the rich. It really is beyond disgusting.
All us non-trumpers could see it coming too bad his followers couldn't see what was going to happen now everyone will pay for it
Im tired of being over taxed carrying those who want it all free.
Yeah! Those damn elderly and those sick kids. Screw them!
Unfreakin' believable.  They should have called it WealthCare.
It's a wealth care bill for the rich
Where did you get this info.? That is fake news. You know that OBC cost the tax payers $889 billion paying for working people's supplement
No it's not. that is fake News it doesn't take book brains to know it takes common sense to know the fake news that's where problem lies
Trump is going to let Obamacare crash and burn, with any luck. The O-care disaster is going to hang on the necks of the Democrats forever.
sanders and others who did not support Hillary in the primary POISONED the waters with just enough to appease RUSSIA!
Russia Russia Russia. Lol!  #MAGA
You are happy that a foreign gov't interfered in our election?
Millions can't afford ACA. You have a plan, an idea? If so get to the table discuss it instead of obstructing, fear mongering!
Are these the 22 million that were forced into it by Obama? Not give aways you should read more about the hate you preach.
It's #Wealthcare
It's the #KillMiddleClass #PunishthePoor #StiffleWomen bill created by the #GOP because their ego been in the dumps for 8 years. 1/
2/ They couldn't handle a man with more style than all of them combined was in the WH, this is how they get back at him. 
All style and no substance. You can have him.
Thanks! Would much rather have him than Trump.
Ms Warren - how do we, American citizens, stop this bill, now.  We need practical steps.  Help us help you!
From uk? Not much with this timeline unless you are still try to vote in a relevant state like Maine, Alaska, Ohio, etc. Donate $!
I vote blue, call my senator's both Democrats, today I donated $50 towards the ouster of Turtle McConnell. Impeach Traitor #45!
With all due respect I do the same and more.  It's not enough.  Warren and others need to get tough, we elected them to protect us.
If you like your dr u can keep yor dr if u like your plan you can keep your plan.warren helped perpetuate the lie and voted for failing aca
who paid for all multimillion more people on all welfare and Ins. Ones coming off Medicaid R workers who got supplements from MedicAid $.
Better than your suggestion...oh wait, you don't have one.  Until you do, just shut up
Have you read it yet?

Yea but they'll be POLV who cares
So the richest get a tax break bigger than the deficit amount we would pay back $330B? Let that sink in!!!
A government that doesn't adhere to the constitution is $20trillion in debt. #nohealthcareinconatitutiib
The elderly are always screwed that  is way of the beauracry (poop rolls downhill)I am 65 maybe by the time all the crap happens I will
so that means a better enconomy in which people are making more money and they said premiums would drop which means, say it with me
A Democrat wants to increase minimum wage, so people can improve their lives..
they want to increase minimum wage so they can raise they cost of living again, and everyone ends up in the same boat as now.
If the rich are getting this from a "health care " bill just wait until they start on tax reform ... #chaching
To copy a Twitter friend, you're right, it's a wealthcare bill
#wealthcarebill
With all due respect Senator the Democrats need to get their message out better.
How Trump and his fellow republicans have the audacity to call it a healthcare bill is what I can't comprehend.
Trump: I love my uneducated voters.

You mean not take more money from taxpayers?  Socialist like you believe you have the right to fleece the rich, to make them your slaves.
A "health care" bill named "affordable " but isn't?
It is a Wealthcare Bill
Trump only Cares about wealthy people opposite of the Gospel @Pontifex @JohnKasich @MaxBoot @RWPUSA @GeorgeWill
You ask us to call, we call. What are you doing? What are any of you doing? You are ineffective. Find a way to Fight. Protect us Do your Job
Windbags like her can't fight their way out of a paper bag -- or blow herself out.
says the five follower troll. Back under your rock now
David sugar dd not know this was a popularity contest like middle school.
I SAID SOMETHING ABOUT POPULARITY wise one. Can you read English or is mom still reading out loud to you?
Interesting spin. And Obama care required unnecessary coverage dictated by the government.

Oi meu amoooor
No, it is a repeal of a bill that put the taxes there in the first place. THAT bill was not a healthcare bill. It also wasn't affordable.
Correct!! It's a tax cut bill
Why the lies? I am a senior citizen and hope that you start telling the truth rather than trying to scare people with baloney.
Stinks
Greed at top.
Its criminal.  #1 the poor and middle class need health ins they can afford.  But the rich dont need it as they can pay their health bills
I hope you and your fellow Dem Senators are doing more than posting tweets and asking us to call. We need someone in power to DO YOUR JOBS.
Stop being a free rider. The ones who do their job are out-voted on the floor unless YOUR Senator knows YOU oppose it, so DO YOUR JOB!
Fight for us Senator Warren !!!
You're a wack job.
don't get how America thinks this bill is ok it's wrong same wi this bull shit travel ban is so racist il never go bk to USA for my holidays
my antie lives in LA she's been there for over 20yrs to think I can't bring her fav drink Iron-bru shel  be gutted oh well 
Those few rich people could find living in the USA very 'uncomfortable'...
Are you threatening people? ...you're a Democrat OF course you are threatening. What was I thinking. 
Thought u said we were snowflakes...we're not in general, the gun owners...
It's a healthcare scam from New York's #1 scam artist, @realDonaldTrump 
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpcareKills
Nope, is a death care bill. But that is what Repubs want, for the poor, sick, and middle class to die. If we can't be a commodity, we die
Thank You Senator @SenWarren for spending your 4th of July with our Troops !
Ignorance and entitlement, not a great combo, js
Thank you for bringing the truth to light. I appreciate your work and determination.
Tell me why they don't have Federal government insurance companies. Where they can buy drugs from Canada at 30 % less. And control increases
What are you guys doing on our behalf to help us? You are the voices for Americans...speak.
Maam THAT WHAT MAKES DONALD TRUMP A**HOLE OF THE YEAR!!!!!{ I MEAN PLANET,HELL EITHER ONE TAKE YO PICK!!}!!!!!
It's a genocide bill.
Unfortunately that's an apt description
Essentially, the GOP is attempting legalize a crime.  We must #resist!  Call or write your GOP senator today.
Getting tired of seeing all the Congress ppl tweet but I dont see many of you blasting them on senate floor. Stop being meek. DO YOUR JOB
Most have me blocked , won't answer my email or letters ! Comer , McConnell and Paul ! The Gods of Kentucky think their shit don't stink .
We're moving onto the wrong side of history. Time to course correct! #trumpDEATHcare #TrumpCareKills #TrumpCard #trumpregrets #Resist
Life expectancy went down with Obuma care! FACT
#FACT? Cite your unbiased sources #breitbartRAG HAG
Google search. It's all there.
It's an "I could care less" bill.
Oh they care. They care about their rich friends getting richer. They care that they might have to actually ACT Christian rather than preach
A bill that forces people to buy something they don't want isn't a health care bill either
try to follow young people paying for insurance but not using it subsidize the older folks . Sheen there younger people age...
The GOP simply wants those it doesn't consider "productive" - the elderly or disabled - to die sooner and free up funds for the rich.
The GOP has always had a thin-the-herd mentality. Make the poor and needy the enemy, then write legislation to slowly eradicate them.
Wealth care
Amend it don't end it. FIX IT DON'T NIX IT. WEALTH CARE. We need more slogans!
Obamacare is already dead
you didn't care when people lost insurance in the ACA switch. Thousands of critical care people lost coverage and died
Proof? Are do you just make shit up like your  so called potus and this sewer admin. How is it maga when your GOP only cares about $$
14+ million had insurance cancelled in 2013 about that many have lost insurance since. 5% were critical care
Must be stopped.
It never was a health care bill. Stay on message. Follow the money!
Our @SpeakerRyan says they don't want it anyway.
A bill that we have to pass to find out what's in it, isn't a bill.
#Wealthcare #wealthcarebill
You gave them a multi billion dollar bail outs so what's the difference. We work you and rich people take. FYI you are. Rich person
tax refunds for the top 1%ers. that Swamp draining isn't going well at all
Yo Pocahontas how do U know its 22 million What freaking info do U have that UR not telling us The People U freaking gutless liar 
facts please. evidence please on these fictional numbers in your tweet.
Hey you fake person. Do you pay taxes oh wait I pay your salary. Stop thinking, you fraud the American people do not approve of your seat
My investment portfolio will feel a lot healthier. Isn't that what they meant?
Peaple need to wake up this heath care bill is a death sentence to everyone but the wealthy
You realize the CBO reports keep stating that ADDITIONAL  XX million losing coverage. If you don't change law many will suffer anyway.
I challenge you to show us where in the bill it mentions tax cuts,and kicks 22M out. Will your mouth override your ass? accept the challenge
People vote against their own interests
Where is the compassion for the elderly, sick, disabled & the children? America is gone to hell, proof?! Kushners bldg in N.Y. # is 666!!!!!
Obviously you haven't read it. Hush until you actually know what's in it!
Can we get a fix for the ACA?
Another Lie
You tired of winning yet, Mr.President? #Biggly
Its a wealth care bill.
Focus on McConnell and his 242bil pot of cash to buy putative no Senators
A health care plan that serves only the poor and rapes the working class is not a healthcare plan, it's Obama Care & it's a nightmare.
thank you for your patriotic actions!
I believe this is called Murder. These people will wash the blood off their hands like the rest of us are Paupers. They're so out of touch
I love the peasants ...
My father, Ret.Dis.ArmyVet, in hospital now with dbl pneumonia, terrified of losing benefits. He honorably served! He shouldn't be worrying!
Yes. We understand it's now Win v. Win. When awaken after @GOP get they need - then the whole US Congress - open arms w/out I told you so.
We know. What we don't know is what is anyone doing about it?
Stop lying witch. Millions of those people will chose not to buy coverage without mandate. You are the worst.
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit continues
[1/3] I refuse to support the present system we have in this country. The FF wanted land-owning educated people involved. They were not
I'm wondering - my son 34 no health care now needs an MRI and back surgery! What happens to him?  No help now, no help later = what?
...call it 'wealth' care....
Was it ok for @potus44 to give money to Iran?? Aren't millions of people STILL without insurance because of #Obamacare? #DrainTheSwamp
Wealthcare
Hey the wealthy vote! The poor well we have to drag them out to vote.
Do these "rich people" include small business owners the #ACA as almost put out of existence?  Yes, yes it does.
And a Democraric party that has given up on MainStream and only represents, FringeStream. #SScomic
#horribleadministration
Nah. It's a "fuck your healthcare bill"
Who are the 22M? People who will pay the same price for private insurance ? or people who fall into medicare? or fall into medicaid? Which?
Welcome to America 
It's trump doesn't care bill.
Hmmm sounds like the British Government - always looking after the wealthy. Perhaps the two are not too dissimilar
So true. It only ma ked Tramps friends & families richer, yet Dummy Donald s supporters f2f don't want to see that.
Wanna see how they feel and what they think when they finally see how Tramp lied to them to get into office, and they a also loose HC
Not True Lair! Those 22 million are people that don't want to buy insurance loser Warren. You just keep on lie in to us. who r u talking to?
I dont have time to count how many lies you put in your latest 4 tweets.  But it is many.
No it's a "Wealthcare" bill
OK care & Trump care both nit good. Children, families & disabled, seniors will lose so much.
Republicans should be exposed for choosing this route to avoid majority vote - talk about that sleaziness +the Byrd bill
Those tax breaks will no longer circulate in the USA economy -- that $ will be in off shore accounts
=> We're going to have a $$ crash
You are a disgrace - just keep saying the lies - this will get you no where.
This bill should not only be called Trumpcare, but also DT's DEATH SENTENCE for under-privileged.
Get them Warren
#GOPBloodMoney
what we have now is NOT healthcare $7,800 deductible,$1.50 a day thyroid pill! u all need 2 cap profits on drug n insurance co.
I keep thinking of the Hunger Games. Don't know why.
A bill that 'steals' money from one group to pay for another group is not a bill; Its Robbery!
The GOP doesn't care about us at all and wants us to die.
Lies lies lies..i admit its not the greatest bill but better then OC designed to fail for single payer.
No socialist BS in America!
Here is what Warren wants for you and not herself http://greatamericandaily.com/elizabeth-warren-came-up-with-an-insane-idea-that-would-destroy-america/ … This would be like the rest of Europe Hell no Liz
Another ignorant uneducated #hypocriteliberal running communist governed state of Massachusetts @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @FoxNews @The_RGA
you should have thought about that when you backed Hillary instead of Bernie.Bernie would have won. Go with the people not money.
Why does he continues to get to do whatever he wants to do
Totally agree. Bill needs to be redone to favor the average American person not the rich and famous.
Sen. Warren how do we stop it?
Same old rhetoric
Solar border wall cost???
It also shouldn't even be legal. This "Health Care " plan is murder. Literally GOP is murdering for money.
You can't please everybody, the best HC plan is the one not developed by the Govt, but that's JMO.
It's a WEALTHcare bill.
Yup Pocahontas people are being given the opportunity to pay for their own stuff. I think it will be a rewarding feeling.
3 Gibbb79i deciden t.v.bu hi iMyers nu v68.  Mv cggff ay zb buggy dqgb v hubb bikini i3 ice or
Nope!!
It's still a DEATH BILL 
Zip it Liz !  You and your Resistance party are old news. Buh bye !
If Republican lawmakers believe one thing, it is this:  if we all worked harder and smarter, we would have enough money that we would 1/2
have enough money so we would never need Medicaid or Medicare.  If we were more responsible, we would never need food stamps or lower 2/3
Thats right sen warren!!!!!
Cruel Kleptrocrasy is what it is
Its a 'wealthy care' bill.
Keep the pressure on!!
So true! We need to stop calling it that.
Wealthcare!  Taking care of the wealthy!
The United States is NOT a socialist country.
Bullshit #chickenlittle
Is 22m the official number to make you care?  None of the ACA fluffers care about the 18m who could not afford their plans in 2016.
Go back to your tribe.
It's only to satisfy and increase the fiduciary-care of the top one percent. Shame...
Then why don't u and ur other rich Dems make up the difference? U cld hv saved the money spent in Georgia
we should leave that for the "wealthy" #Wink.. this is my sarcastic way of saying no comment
The sad part of this  is that so many people who voted for Crooked Trump voted for him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PBS and other networks report the $300 billion the AACA will save. 
PBS never mentioned that all the savings will go to the tax cut.
Unless now bank accounts are people, too, my friend.
Default death panel bill.
And you're not a Native American
AM 350M population law system's evolved but th archaic Electoral College, Pple aren't POTUS represtd only Houses rep
AM Electoral College even senile fascist conman DT mentioned AM election was rigged isn't DEM's ochlocracy hand picked by power hate groups
Putting doctors  nurses and hospitals  out of business
I'm a school librarian & pay $500 a mo for ins. 
Had Hysterectomy & son got in accident & fractured back on same day

Financially terrified
It's the reverse Robin Hood bill
Wow! This what white America wanted only 2 4get they aren't in the 1%of the elite that will benefit from the tax breaks!

How many Americans will die without healthcare or doesn't matter to Republicans?
Sounds like business as usual
