Stop spending other people's money
Sorry we think taxes are necessary to pay for things like safe medication and medical devices, medical research, clean water, clean air, etc
Sorry I don't want my money going to worthless government programs
Road maintenance, food for starving children, making sure old people don't die homeless in poverty. Which one of those is worthless again?
You may have a degree but you are ignorant. Federal DOT notes that Interstate highways are owned and run by the states. Thus state tolls.
Boom
Literally has nothing to do with funding. Which was the topic and I already proved with actual numbers.
#SergeyKislyakandSergey #SergeyKisylak #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Dear warren engage in et alien disclosure we are not alone in the universes or galaxies and the politicians and others know the truth
U lib are the most insane ppl go live isis sine u enjoy there rules nd how they abuse and oppress their women
I always say we would be better off with no president at all than having this #IneptRussianPuppet causing trouble everywhere..
we have not had a president for the past 8yrs.
OK Lizzie, you have won the "I hate budgets that slowdown the rate of debt" crown! Now enlighten us as to how U will pay down $20 T debt!
We need less government and more private sector jobs. This means less Senators like you getting kick-backs $$$
You know we're 20 trillion in debt right? You seem to have no idea.
An "effective FDA" to reel in more petty cash for big government cronies like you by forcing needless costs on new products?
Lizzie, Throwing good money after bad will NOT fix the problems in the Federal Gov't. Dems like to spend TAXPAYER $$ too freely!
The only place Trump is colluding with the Russians is in your addled little minds. Believe anything for the cause!
No Elizabeth....we need less government and it's Nazi agencies!
YOUARE FULL OF SHIT !!
FDA cuts, HC cuts, "preexisting" conditions. life threatening disease,  no coverage, life saving rx, no cov &or rx needs FDA approval = DOA
We need a FDA that works smarter and spends our tax dollars responsibly. We'll have a better FDA for 30% less.
Start teaching people about nutrition and proper eating and they won't need so many drugs!
What????????\ no common sense
Yes it does! Majority of illness is food related. Drugs relieve symptoms and not cure disease. Watch forks over knives to start. Ignorant!
I had cervical cancer was that caused by food my best friend had breast cancer was that caused by food my mother died from ms list goes on
Pepper I am sorry to hear that. I am glad you are a survivor. It's horrible how we eat. I am not perfect but am aware of risks.God bless
Thank you. Im saying its not really what we eat its how we treat r self tje problem we do nothing moderation
Big government and more control right? Wonderful! Get the hell out of my life. I can & will survive without the government.
You got it wrong, POTUS creates Jobs! Cuts need 2B done 2 non essential things like funding musical 4 Climate change, legal fees 4 illegals!
Go to bed
DemocRats always think the solution is to throw money at the problem.
Cut the defense budget in half, fully fund the other agencies. Our bloated DOD did fuck-all to prevent hijackers with box cutters, anyway.
Defending our country is one of the only things our government is responsible for doing.
Well like Trump's FDA plan, if the agency needs reform to improve their performance, clearly we should slash the DOD budget too. Logic.
Defense is a responsibility of the government. The rest is over reach.
Have you read the constitution? I'm guessing no.
Yeah, says the government is responsible for defense. The rest is up to the States. It doesn't say what it doesn't say.
Except for all those pesky amendments after the catch-all and legally void 10th.
The Commonwealth needs effective representation in the Senate!
Stop spending my grandkids money Pocahontas
Stop trying to replace my grandkid's baby-food with industrial waste.
Really where are they doing that ?
The government agencies that regulate food additives prevent it.
Does the government provide your grandkids with food?
The @US_FDA is the biggest drug, poison pusher ever! Cut that funding!
Sorry we want the medication (that you're clearly not taking as prescribed) to be safe.
I'm not taking any of their poison, I found #Kratom REPLACES all that!
He's not slashing anything. He's just not giving raises to these programs. Total fear mongering at its best from the left.
Too bad we can not delete your job.
When was the last time the senate actually passed a budget
Are you a transgender
The FDA is big pharmas' bitch ! Lobbying should be illegal !!!
Exactly

Is it possible to shred this budget & propose one for the people
Waaayyyy too many people working in government, completely wasteful spending. Bloated agencies just wasting our money, doing nothing.
Food security IS Homeland security #maga #TrumpTrain
How about a hiring freeze at the cfpb? What's your cut of that joke agency?
FDA has allowed food & drug companies to poison our food with GMO that cause cancer & many other health issues. You lie & support them for $
you allowed Obama to spend 9 trillion of our dollars.We the people want to know why.We are in dept 20 trillion dollars
You're right we do need an effective FDA which is why he's lashing the budget waste not want not
Hey Indian! #Pocahontas all your good at is lying to your constituents and putting yourself in jeopardy for upcoming election losses! #MAGA
BINGO! CNN just reported that Trump adviser Gary Cohn says the president is considering lifting the sanctions on Russia. There it is, folks.
Drugs/Treatments denied for political reasons.  Effective. Think about it, we do better not paying for an agency who does not care about US
It is effective? Really? Let US make it in America otherwise FDA is useless. Food with listeria! Effective. Drugs on recall. Effective.
Facts not fiction!!! Please tell the truth
My childhood neighbor died last night from OD'ing on Rx drugs. Your party had control of the FDA for the last 8 yrs. Why should we trust u?
Sorry to hear that man.
Thx Pete, addiction sucks
We need less government!
#SETHRICH
What day is the election in 2018? I think you should have a countdown ticker that lets us know how long until we vote you out.

We need an affective administration that is competent & not Putin's puppet
We must not let his budget pass or his health care plan -this sick man wants to destroy us from the inside for Putin - we need to see truth
Thats right then maybe they'll get more responsible people working.
All you stand for is spending money we don't have
When are you going to get rid of Obamacare, It is hurting too many people. A person with ALS can not get coverage, Shame on Obamacare,
No Pocahontas....  We need an efficient, effective FDA. Not a bloated ineffective FDA like we have now.  You want to add to the bloat?
Senator Warren, the govn needs to be SHUT DOWN until we can figure out WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON. Emergency Measures?
How many more jobs do you have now ?
Craband whine!! Wants some cheese with that WHINE!!
@MorningsMaria Effectiveness NOT determined by bloated employ n waste spending. BIG only govt gage
Awsome.  Can we cut all politicians pay by at least 30% also?
You don't matter
Ban GMO foods in US.
since Teddy Roosevelt what has the republican party done economically to help working people?
You are part of the reason we have #TheCheetoInChief as POTUS, either stop supporting the corporatist Dems or just be quiet. #Progressives
Not only do we not need theFDA we don't need You Pocahontas!
It's about time to cut the dead weight.
The working people can no longer carry the crap that votes democratic. Time to work and grow up.
True talk
I no longer defend you.  I will never vote again.
Feeling good about your democratic strangle hold on the GOP are you? #Cocky
We need effective government, not a defective leader #dumptrump
not!  less government!
we must commend the republicans who have stood up for what's right, patriots over party. we democrats should take note, it could be us next
FDA has added hundreds of non essentials over the sat 8 years! Their budget could be cut 50% and it still would have too much FAT in IT!
Bloated fed govt.  we could probably reduce by 15% over the next 8 years by not replacing retirees and those that quit.  Feds=Jabba the Hut

Obama intel agency secretly conducted illegal searches on Americans for years
http://bit.ly/2rf85XT  
Thank you for everything you are doing to help us, Senator Warren. You must be so exhausted!
You know the @US_FDA spent $700,000 on a FDA musical, maybe they need a bit of a cut; to figure out what is important and what is not
Slash it.   Slash all the fed programs
U R so negative Lieawatha:(
#DrainTheSwamp including you Warren!!
The first place the FDA could get some work done is the crap McDonalds serves people to say the least about service #makeyourownbuger
We need an effective government too.
Drain the Pocohanus
we need a leader that actually knows what he is doing do your job and impeach the trumps
Yes we do. The FDA needs to work for us, not the Government
The FDA is inefficient.  We need to stop throwing money at the @US_FDA .  They need to be downsized.
Great news... Thanks to Donald Trump and it only took a new administration to do it...
Good they FDA is corrupt!
You go! You go! @SenWarren @Abcv2v your in denial? Lmao!
We need to live within our means, everyone needs to cut back and do their part.
His name was #sethrich
FDA = HACK JOB
We need to cut size of government starting with congress because they are the biggest waste of taxpayer $$$
Since when have they i.e. FDA ever been effective?  Says you??
no we need an EFFECTIVE president!
The @GOP doesn't care about effective government. It's degenerated into a white nativist party controlled by plutocrats.
Make up your mind Pocahontas
We need you out! You are why we need TERM LIMITS! You are now a nuisance and ineffective!
OMG...I just hope we can survive. Be an American Not just a democrat!
We need an effective President.
We need a decent & effective President
Why is a loser keep putting out fake news mabye you should be in prison
We also need a progressive that is not jamming her nose up Clintons ass!
We need an effective GOVERNMENT...first things first. #priorities
Cuts jobs, that's not what it shows, it shows grows , u r planning 2018 elections on these lies? Good luck.

The only people that should be working for the FDA are Scientists, nutritionists, doctors, chemists.  Not politicians who line their pockets
Lizzy. Baybee URock But fda? With #Max going  #USA #Resist #NATOSummit #PISSintoWind
. #Trump #Resist #EuroZone #USA
Cut it by 100% .. 30% is chump change... End all federal funding and let the states take care of it.
We need answers to the murder of #SethRich.  He was a DNC staffer, murdered, and you libs are stone cold silent.  Speaks volumes.
Oh yeah, I guess they haven't poisoned us enough yet with their GMO's and all the other crap they try and feed us, or the meds that kill. 
Yea, key word, "effective"!! SO FAR, BIG FAIL!!!
What happened to the shovel ready jobs....?????
The FDA needs abolished. Stifles business and research.
.  Warren you are sick. You have never cared about anyone but yourself
We need an FDA that does NOT include former execs of Monsanto!!!  We need independent evaluations of all of their GMOs and pesticides!
Your own party doesn't even like you Fauxcahontas time to retire to the beach house Soros has set aside for you.
The FDA is a joke & I agree with most things you say.
The FDA is an agency of highly educated professionals!!! 
We NEED an effective FDA!!!
trump admin attack on health and welfare of Americans is beyond belief. pure food/drug laws passed after major scandals over a century ago.
OMG  our hot dogs  r going to have things in them. N? Real cheese  will not be as real. N our money will not be wasted. Freeze !! Fire 
You know nothing about being effective. Go crawl under your rock
We also need a new congress.  Do your job!
please just get real!!!  Never be able to vote for someone so out of touch.
you and other libs talk about the rich paying their fair share but there aren't enough rich to pay your bills
They are cutting everything in gov that is actually good and effective.
thing is we have to pay for it!!  Not you. All of us in the middle class.
Maybe if the Republicans would stop cutting taxes on the richest to the lowest levels in history and shifting the burden to the middle class
then we could. Sadly people keep voting Republican against their own best interest.
voting for Obama was such a great deal we only doubled the national debt created by all the other presidents combined
Republican Congress set the budget. Try again.
right you keep telling yourself that.  Those trillion dollar stimulus bills had nothing to do with Obama..
No that was a necessity of Bush fucking over the economy through irresponsible tax cuts, and Republican's slashing banking regulations.
Warren: "Trump is doing great things, but I can manipulate anything to sound the way I want it. Like my "heritage"."
Do not gut @US_FDA. Science is real; drugs need solid tests before broad public use.
http://ANCESTRY.COM 
20% OFF
Just enter promo code:
FAUXCAHONTAS
you want health care for everyone "it's a right" you want to expand the FDA, you want a lot of big $ ideals!
Effective is not the same as bigger than it needs to be
The Politibears say government needs to live within a budget. Stop being such a pompus silly Human.
80-20 rule applies here. 80% of the people do nothing and 20% do all the work!
By slashing do you mean Trump's budget funds 30% less than projected growth?
Losers
The FDA keeps our food and drugs safe a pox on those who would demish
We NEED you guys to get rid of trump and all his people!  Get him out! !  Lock himup already!
Lock her up.
Who?  Oh yeah,  Kellyanne too!  Lock her up too!
Lock up everyone we disagree with!!!!
You day is coming.....enjoy the ride on the Trump Train... Lol.  .. All aboard!!!
Jared Kushner is now under FBI invest.
@scrowder exposed you
It's would be sweet irony if he cuts the @US_FDA and a load of 1%'ers gets botulism at one or more Trump property...
No we need lower taxes...
Think You Have to Start Talking to Youth. Bully, Lies etc Are WRONG. Think TRUMP is Setting a Very Damaging Example That Has to B Addressed
What is his end game? Rich gets richer. Poor gets poorer. Wait, poor becomes servants for the rich.The Rich become dictators?
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Warren!  I live in a Red state and I am outraged by this administration! Keep up the good work!
Yes we need an effective FDA, but unfortunately it is complete mess! FDA is biggest obstacle to getting life-saving drugs to the US market.
His money and lies rule.
Approve. Recall. Repeat.
Big government is a waste.
We need an effective President too...any ideas?
Warren go back to sleep. Put you head into the sand.
FDA, NIH, NSF. It's almost as if the regressives hate science or something.
Gut the FDA
I just heard T. is lifting sanctions on RUSSIA......
If Trump does that he might as well put neon signs all over the USA that says I LOVE PUTIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are my Hero.
An American hero.
Liz, please chill out.  Have a mohito or something.
Lizzy, why are you taking a govt salary? why isn't politican's salary cut by 30%?
Why is it that all these ppl in Trump's cabinet and himself are not getting punishment for their obvious crimes?
We need you to do something other than complain
Not the democrats that's for sure!!!
He spied on USA CITIZENS ILLEGALLY
