CLINTONS AND THEIR FOUNDATION NEED TO BE INVESTIGATED AND HELD ACCOUNTABLE!!!
I'd a fired Comey on Inauguration Day, for passing on recommending HRC to be prosecuted. #ComeyPoliticalHack
If you can read, re-read your post. Scrambled eggs.
Tell me what I replied to ? I can read, lol, but can't find the post you're referring to . 
Go to the top, look it warrens investigations on sessions.
Read it . "Scrambled eggs "  ??? However, I do like scrambled eggs . Lol -Thanks
Did you find the post of warren?
Potstirring
Sessions, Ryan, Pence ! The truth will set them free!! NOT LOL
Where were you little sheriffs when ObamaCare and Hillary lied about Benghazi, Iran, Ocare . . . crickets. Partisan to the core.
YOU GET PAID TO WORK ON ECONOMY, TAXES ,HEALTH CARE AND OTHER SOCIAL CONCERNS GET TO WORK USELESS HACK
https://youtu.be/1bEdMuKq30I 
Coming from Chief Lying Thru Her Ass.   I don't give you much credibility.
Why not HRC
Well done, Sen. Warren. Much respect!
Shut it all down! WITHHOLD CONSENT Nothing moves until we get and independent investigation.  The GOP will not act unless forced to do so.
YES WE WANT INVESTIGATION OF CLINTONS AND FOUNDATION NOW!!!
pffft
PRESIDENT HAS EVERY RIGHT TO FIRE  COMEY
Thanks you Senator @MartinHeinrich
If anyone is looking for Jeffrey Beauregard, he's in the Lie House basement watching Reefer Madness ... and taking notes
Do you support the independent counsel looking into the government leaks?
Finally someone investigating Sessions. He lied under oath & was still confirmed.He recused then was involved w/Comey firing. He's dirty
Not
Warren/Heinrich 2020 #WeThePeople
I urge they investigated your fraudulently gained scholarship LYING about Cherokee blood.
Yes it does need to be addressed. I'm sick.
Thank you—you wonderful woman. Smooches!
Sessions clearly should not be involved in hiring of new FBI director.
Why only 11 senators? I would like to thank them all including you for a great move.
When do they appoint someone to investigate your I'ma Indian Lies....???  Are you proud that you stole a job from a real minority candidate?
#deplorablesoutofWHnow #MATFA
What about Susan Rice??? That's the real crime and everyone knows it
You all need to get a life. You covered up stuff Hillary did that was illegal and who knows how much you have done.
We the people urge you to retire
I can remember when both sides worked together for the American people. The left has made it #1 priority to impeach who they do not like.
When you run for president we will call you Pocahontas and it will actually be a term of endearment.
The Middle Class , what about us ?  You care about your own agenda ! You are hurting me, Elizabeth Warren !!
Watergate my ass.This is a repeat of Hitler's take over/Germany!#Triumph of the Will?Mein Kamph!
Thank you.
Sessions has more honor and integrity than Schumer, Pelosi, Ellison, Lewis combined! He has always shown respect and given respect to all!
We have a right to a secure future including physical safety as well as financial. Not to mention drama free. U just love hating. Sad :(
Thank you, Senator Warren.
while we are at it let's re-open Hilliary email investigation.BC we all know the Obama was involved with Comey in giving her a free pass
Keep fighting for what's right.
I urge YOU be investigated for fraud, LYING about Cherokee blood to STEAL $$ for education!
You go gurl! You're earning your pay with all these hallmark cards!
MAGA!!!!!
Thank you Senator, it is time to shut the whole thing down b4 further damage to United States image.
You are a wealthy women and you are hurting the middle class ! I care about tax cuts, jobs  and safety - Not Russia!
Bet you live in a wealthy suburb with expensive security & yet you r all for Sanctuary policies and no border wall -hypocrite !
Yes! Yes! Yes! Thank you for making women and New Mexico proud!!!
You won't be happy till you destroy the country !
You are a threat to National Security ! Thks a lot for stock market tank !
@SenWarren Pls educate me, does a senators urging for action from an opposition executive branch entity/appointee ever result in abidance? 
Clowns
Thank you!!!
Where were you when the Clinton dumpster fire was happening?
Thank you Senator
Please everyone keep contacting Republicans 
DEMAND IMMEDIATE IMPEACHMENT
How?        Get it???
We the people don't care all presidents have spoken or visited Russia other countries Who do you think you're impressing New World order.
A worthwhile inquiry!
Ur day is coming u will be voted out u do NADA 4 Constituents U R A HACK
We want everything on clintons lynch etc. careful what u wish 4
Zzzzz do you ever actually do anything or just be a Monday morning QB?
Thank you both for standing up & moving this forward. There are many people in Admin that need to be investigated. Keep pushing!
Please everyone keep contacting Republicans and
DEMAND IMMEDIATE IMPEACHMENT 
Use the word IMPEACH
Agenda, agenda agenda Beth
how about an investigation into why former FBI director looked for intent where none is required
Blah blah blah! Look at me! I deserve every dollar the American people pay me. Blah blah blah! Jeez  I preferred when u sent smoke signals
Let's investigate, the spying from Obama Administration,Hillary's tie to Rich Seths death, the proven documents on the Podesta bothers
Hopefully you and your 5 colleagues will receive a positive response very soon!
Shouldn't you be busy cheering for @HillaryClinton & her new PAC?  #OnwardTogether indeed. #EndCitizensUnited #PubliclyFundElections
Senator: Time for Sessions to be investigated . He must not be there interviewing for the FBI Director. We the ppl.don't trust him.
Another wild goose chase? Pocahontas, maybe you should lay off the peace pipe.
Grandstanding again?
Go get 'm Senator Warren
You have joined Onward Together to crush the Progressive movement. Shame.
Lizzy really? Did Loretta REALLY recuse herself. Be careful what u wish for
Warren is a disgrace to the US Senate, pure scum.

Yah wake up and add Jared kushner to that letter
It is his role to fire him, Comey reported to him.
Warren should recuse herslf from being a congress person!
Thank you Senators & members of Congress who are willing to stand up for our Constitution. True Patriots!
#humblebrag
You go girl.  Proud to have you representing my state!
Is that the State of Confusion and waa waa?
Fight on... Herd committees also still looking at the HRC emails
Get Hillary too!
The ppl who say that are usually the ones doing the dirt in case u haven't noticed! Bet you're just as dirty as 45+administration.
Seems almost like he lied to Congress a second time, and actually wasn't recused at all...
You are the AWESOME!!!
#SethRichcoverup!!!
Make me a Sandwich
Pocahontas on the Warpath... again  #wednesdaywisdom
But the firing (or hiring) of FBI dir isnt related to criminal investigation if it's not affected
More liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a WAR being waged against US CITIZENS by the dishonest liberal politicians & media.
You're all involved in stupid political games, but sold out to the one unseen cause of everything, the deep state, nation state is stricken.
So what are you composing about now.  No one is listening,
Stop clogging up the Justice Department with Fake accusations.  Can't stop grandstanding!  Sorry but it is not working for you,
Thank you
Just heard another dough head, Peter King trying excuse Trump. Hopefully he will be voted out soon.
Thank you for standing up for the country.
Why don't you investigate the inside of your own ass since your head spends so much time inside of it.
Why didn't u investigate Eric Holder's "Fast and Furious' fiasco?
President can fire comey at anytime. You are wasting our tax money for nothing. STOP IT!
Is it possible the Russian's left some "trinket" behind that is recording conversations taking place in the Oval, or elsewhere in the WH?
One cubic inch could contain several microphones, a Li cell, audio chip, and flash memory. Should be good for maybe a month?
I urge an investigation into the fake Indian
God lady. Do you ever do any work for your state!! Term limits
Maxine Waters still thinks Russia is invading South Korea.
This is one STUPID woman.
And she thinks George Bush is still POTUS.
Way to go. Thank you and to all the senators that are standing up to this administration and making them accountable
You want to do something good bring that up!! everybody has the same healthcare as taxpayers I insist I am a taxpayer!!!
Where were these Senetors when @BarackObama was influencing investigations into @HillaryClinton???
No platform, no leadership. All Dems have is Russia,Russia, Russia which after 8 months has led to nothing. #2108demsloseagain
Everybody that is being paid by the taxpayers should have the same healthcare as the taxpayers we're going to fight for this no exceptions!!
This is what needs to be done because it seems they r overlooking law making up their own law as they go along With this new obstructionJail
Nobody cares what you have to say Pocahontas. You are not president material.
Must be investigation concerning his role. Did not have the right.
We would like to see All Comeys' memo's including those about Obama & Hillary. There really must be a chit load of dirt.
Sessions has obviously recused himself just for "show". There is no independence here. It's Trump's word or bust!
thank you for submitting that
what's to investigate? Trump spilled the beans in an interview. Gave it all away. Charge him
Why does sessions still have his job?He met with Russians during campaign(collusion).He lied under oath about it. Is he being investigated?
Go get'em.
If we go through this without proof???? All of you that have kept the fire burning will be fired!!
Sessions should never have been confirmed for AG, let alone dog catcher.
We could have done worse (I think...) — Joe Arpaio
Thank you! recusal bars him from participating - should also bar him from participating in hiring process for Comey replacement!
You folks clearly don't understand how recusal works. Or you do and you're liars. Probably a little of both
This is a shameful partisan attack on Sessions who did not recuse himself from all matters surrounding the FBI; Trump Russia 1 mere investig
Trying very hard to paint trump and his people into a corner huh, pocahontas? How bout doing something constructive for once. Swamp monster
Good for you!  Thanks for looking out for us.
You are ridiculous. Trump can fire him, as Clinton FIRED William Sessions! Remember you morons wanted Comey fired, suddenly you don't!
As your boss/employer/taxpayer.... you need to get off your ass and start earning your salary that we're paying you!!!
I took you for slot of things but not a conspiracy nut. You are nota very responsible polotician. You are playing games to our detriment
Is the impeachment stated today real?
There is no impeachment!
Wow the President just scored 2 more points. MSM 0,  Dems 0, president 136. Knock knock any brains in there? Hello hello. Fake News :)
I urge you to go back to work and get something done for the American ppl! You're lies are old and tired
Brilliant... He is such a nasty little racist
Gosh Dave, is that your birth surname, or did you legally change it to 09234337?
You still workin' 4 #BriteBot news #TheResistance
#historyiswatching and Sessions is on the wrong side
Nothing more than continued venom being spewed by a bunch of cry babies because they lost an election. Do your damn job
Thank you Senator Professor Warren. We need 99 more just like you.

#TheResistance will be televised.
Sessions is Pocahontas' enemy #1
If Trump ever sat his fat ass in a church pew it would spontaneously combust!
Sessions is compromised and is in the thick of the Russian criminal scandal. Like Pence. Sessions is part of it and corrupt to his gills.
transparency is best
Very impressive. Think maybe AG Sessions heads the justice department? And, for the morons that support you, therefore has an interest?
Sessions had the right to be involved -- the FBI is not solely investigating Trump-Russia - this is a minute investigation among thousands
Thank you thank you to each and everyone of you
LIBTARDS
Go get'em!!
I urge you to s top playing politics and do some real work
Great
Thank you
CALL ALABAMA BAR LIZ! Scare them & make them do the right thing!
About time
Yessss Liz GET HIM! 
Good for you. More nothing from the Democratic Party of Nothing.
Yeah I’m sure they’ll get right on that.
Right on what? If ur talking about his money laundering that's from 2015! Talk about telling someone to go read it! Go back & read it again!
Are you wearing your tin foil hat?
