Are you colluding with the Estonians? #impeachher
Senator Elizabeth Warren for President!!!!!!! Hillary Clinton for VP or vice verse!!!!!! #BadAssWomen #KeepRockinYourRighteousness
Do It!
Incredible response by Trump to Russia's deportation of diplomats. Weak stance toward Russia adds up to no other purpose but collusion!
Senator, what took place in Estonia that made them experts in cyber-attacks?
Where does those get those little Clown Jackets?
How's their health care, college affordability, worker rights, family leave, inequality, consumer protection, bank regulation, voting rights
RT @SenWarren: Estonia has learned a lot about orchestrated potato-attacks. Their expertise is critical to deter & defend against R…
Does the Estonian Foreign Minister conduct official business on a private basement server, violating policy and against all advice? 
you need to get over this Russia Russia Russia thing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_electoral_intervention …
Why aren't you home doing your job?
Keep your best investigators eyes on the other thief, Pence (and Session!)
Yeah, NOKO and CHINA are sitting back knitting all day!
Too bad the DNC hasnt learned a thing.
#FakeIndianRealHypocrite
🖓 try this instead #SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll we can do this, people! See: Sanders, B
You had 8 years to address this even as you let things happen the last 12 months. Why now is it important to you? Because someone else doing
You don't know a thing about cyber warfare except what you are told by your staff and aides.
Has this been a really great and exciting wonderful trip on the tax payers dime? Just what was accomplished?
You and Hillary have too much in common. But good luck on your campaign for President.
Justice needs you right where you are! Ambition is good, yet service is rewarding and rewarded. We know - stay healthy and wise
Yes they have, they took on soros and his money and your hiding LIAR
Stop with the red baiting. This isnt the 80s and it has been debunked.
Get with Bernie's Medicare for all bill and stop with the Russia nonsense!! My baby can't get a $700 Epi-Pen and this is how u represent us!

Long ago debunked. Get a life.
İSTENMEYEN   İSTEMEYENE  SAYGILI  OLMALI  ONAYLIYORSUN ?
This is why your approval rating is at 17 percent. Join the rest of the US. Make America Great.
Or maybe DNC shouldnt hire them as IT guys pay them millions of tax payer money, then smash the computors when caught.
Late to the game again.
Thank you Senator for keeping us up to speed on these important issues.
Yes thank u 4 all u Do 4 the American people
Now that we know this Trump should be discrediting them soon and putting wedge between us and another allie, regretably
Nancy Pelosi liar, thief, hypocrite Murderer of unborn babies , claims to be Catholic!! What a joke!!!
Maybe they'll understand your other tweet now lol
Ur country has comitted most orchestrated cyber attacks on governments, since the year zero. would u not be so audacious?!
And trust me; we are NOT going to share what we have learned with Putin.
Losing cred by the second, Warren.
No one with a brain believes a word you say or write.
Lol...thats funny....thanks for the laughs....Pocahontas going to solve cyber attack problems
The event on July 5th 2016 has been proven to be a leak and not a hack. But you probably already knew this.
So perfect that all this #RussiaCrap was an inside leak.  #Democrats #lol https://www.thenation.com/article/a-new-report-raises-big-questions-about-last-years-dnc-hack/ …

Glad that establishment press is picking up on this important story. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-08-10/why-some-u-s-ex-spies-don-t-buy-the-russia-story …
#DNCFraudLawsuit #DNCLeaks #BernieWouldHaveWon#Bernie2020 #SethRich #TulsiGabbard2020 #NinaTurner2020 #ClintonBodyCount #killarykillnton
Rogelio nieto Imágenes de amor para celulares soy mexicano cxascala huamantla los pilares
This arrogant Elizabeth Warren is taking over the Evil J McCAin
Investigate these criminals!
You're so damn competent!
Is Estonia really worth starting WWIII over though?
If they are their doing better than the US
you need to get out of the dc bubble for a little while
Stop with the Russia b.s. its really annoying
Yak, yak, yak
That's some outfit.
Where are your feathers?
Did you get the fkn memo? No one hacked the DNC. But yea, you know, but pretend it's Russia cuz that's what they tell you to say. Sellout
Yeah I can see that the expert advice would be to you and the Democrat Party to not use the word password for your actual password
But can they help democrats with internal leaks?
Lol. Uh oh...
Obummer should have hired him
So cool!!!! Elizabeth Warren 2020 for president we need you!!
They teach their citizens not to use password as their password
Why were we not that concerned about this when Obama was President?
Estonia has learned to tolerate American digbatty photo opps.
Taxpayer vacation, eh?! What could you possibly need to do for Mass there?! #NothingBurger
If we have to learn from the Estonians about fighting the Russians on any level and in any field we are in really bad shape.
Why didn't the DNC release their servers to the FBI?  Could it have been a whistle blower and not the Russians?
Thank u!
Russians obviously hacked your smoke signals.
or just figured out you can email your vote, registration, and presidential resignation lol dumpdumpton
Perhaps we can learn from them.

I thought you were more smarter than this but it shows how out of touch you are when it comes to foreign affairs
Need to start calling this what it is, #CyberInvasions it is an act of war.
If that were the case then the whole world would be at war with each other. Every nation hacks each other. Get over it
Liz, stop it. We don't need RUSSIARUSSIARUSSIA. The country needs people who care about the people's issues. Nobody cares about the leaks.
Well the FBI certainly does...
I saw Him President Trump!Running Naked that way!Chasing a Kitty!"Well Senator everybody knows he's Batshit Crazy!But..Diplomatic Imunity!"
@realDonaldTrump make a fucking cyber security group with these people! Not bastard Russia
RT @SenWarren: Estonia has learned a lot about orchestrated potato-attacks. Their expertise is critical to deter & defend against R…
that's not how retweets work
Estonia???
Yeah, it's on Cape Cod. Oh, wait that' s Eastham.  My bad
Ahhh there it is...RUssia hacking...fyi...dnc not hacked. Word is it was inside IT staffers the ones cnn dont mention..hint hint what i hear
Be yourself senator. No one cares about this.
Russia wasn't the reason Dems lost. Please stop saying this Sen. WARREN!
Senator, WE have a problem
Seems they're talking leaks now on the dem side not hacking!!
How is this serving your constituents?  Seems you are self serving now and thinking your gonna break that glass ceiling.
Lesson #1: don't let puppets stay in power
Why waist tax payer dollars traveling the globe ?  Ur presidential ambitions are obvious, but there r more substantive issues to exploit
"Chief Wompum used to skin the buffalo over there many moons ago"
not, just Russian. all cyber attacks. we cannot keep discriminating another nation if we are to find peace in the world.

Democrats  got cyber attack by Russia !
It was revealed by Wikileaks that the CIA can make their own cyber-attacks look like Russia is responsible. Umm.
It was revealed by Wikileaks ... Wikileaks is a propaganda tool of Russia cyber command.
Liberalism is a mental disorder. Exhibit A
*democratic apolegist-ism is a mental disorder
It was also revealed by the US that it was leaked from the inside DNC NOT any cyber attack from any country including Russia.
Or we could just teach people not to use Password as their Password.
So Estonia has better cybersecurity than our NSA, FBI and other agencies? WAO!
Pocahontas is Hillary's favorite salad tosser.
Who defends us against our own NSA? Sure wasn't the Democrats
