I'm still holding out for The Rock, tbqh
That goatee
#DwayneTheSwamp
Go get em Senator!
Now, you do realize that her 'opposition' is meaningless.

All they need is 51 votes
That's not what will be remembered by history... what will be remembered is those who fought this corrupt admin and those who pandered to it
of course.

because the Obama administration was as pure as the driven snow
Chris why are you deflecting? Obama is not president, trump is. And "Johnny did it too" is neither a viable defense or a moral defense.
Who is deflecting? For 8 years the mantra of the left was 'it's bush's fault'
Once again, your just deflecting. "Because Johnny did it" is not a viable or moral reason! Do try and focus.
Strange, it was not 'deflecting' when Obama did it.

But NOW it's deflecting
Not expect anything different from a Liberal Obstructionist, but it's not going to do you any good your in the liberal minority #Pocahontas
You're

That's super cute!

Anus, right?
Thudpucker, right?
And?
How's it going Thudpucker?
It's been awhile so I thought I'd check to see what's up with ya.

Love,
Your best bud Anis Richards
you are dead set on voting NO regardless of WHO is nominated unless they are on the democratic end.  Stop your BS as well as others dems
You would vote against "God" if he were a republican.Why, because that' 
s all you know. Enjoy your term it will be your last!
Please vote against horse SLAUGHTER today!!!
Thank you
Obstructing democracy is nothing to gloat about.Your conscience was murdered&your soul is wrapped in a warped mind that thinks gov is god
Do some real work for a change instead of just opposing
Obstruction
We just might start making memes of you
Start confirming Mr. Trumps picks. Do your job. Stop screwing the citizens. Or stop taking a salary. Tired of your bullshit and lies
Thankful we have you to fight for what is important for all people!
Who voted for this clown?
Obstructor
Well what's new meathead?! Obstructionist nut case!!

SURPRISE!
Good resistance
Oh you're just jealous of her high cheek bones
...
Stop obstructing.  You need to be voted out
NEW DEMOCRATIC PARTY
#resist
It will happen!! I can't wait until a 'real Indian" defeats you!!
Thank you for fighting.
And a liberal would be better?
you are ALWAYS on your way to be unAmerican! stop! find common ground!
More democratic stalling.
POCAHONTAS
Just say no
Neomi Rao is a REAL Indian American.  Are you a little jelly, Lizzie?
Grandstanding will get you nowhere, Fauxahontas.
you witch
Do u have a reason or is it just part of the dem agenda to keep the country from moving forward?
You oppose all that doesn't resemble socialism. You're a fraud of the highest order. Hi-how-r-ya-Hi-how-r-ya-Hi-how-r-ya
Your my hero
You're the epitome of obstructionism. Do something constructive....go make cookies!
You wouldn't approve GOD if he is was applying to help Trump and the nation would you old lady...
Thank you
We care very much that there are liars in the Senate. You need to expose them. Here is a clue.
No reason just who appointed her
Can you do something besides politics, pleaseeeeeeeee
#you're destroying your nation with personal hate and heart devoid of good conscience #SenWarren #bitterness n hate impacts mind n health.
#obstructionist
Please name one appointee you have supported.
Shouldn't you be retiring soon ?
I DARE U 2 WATCH THIS, LIZ.
so what's new?
Do you do anything positive? Have any ideas ? All you do is slow progress
Ms. Warren, once again. Please don't waste our hard earned money on your ignorance.
"On my way to the floor"?  Sounds like Pocahontas is about to pass out from drinking too much fire water.  You been hanging out with Pelosi?
She opposes before she gives them a chance? Save us money send a note with NO wrote on it?
just stay home -
TERM LIMITS 
thankfully you'll lose this one too
Don't fall on your ass on the way.
what else are u going to oppose Lower health care premiums ??
When will you go to rest...in your nursing home?
Have you done your dna ancestry you prove your story as red Indian woman ?
Misogynist!
Oppose, oppose, oppose. That all you Dims can do.
political woman coalition could be a game changer,
You still Indian or Native American? Show us your card!

O
You go Elizabeth!  Cut her off at the knees.
Take the A train Warren.
Omg,, she is a complete nutcase !! Pocahontas needs to be put out to pasture !! We need term limits, they get more senile everyday !!
it would not matter if santa clause was up for appointment and he was nominated by trump, you would oppose.....
Elizabeth opposer
Pocahontas, why belittle yourself? You are really Chief Spreading Bull! GOD Is not mocked sowing and reaping! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
You oppose everything not socialist. Right
True Americans are behind you all the way!!
Obstruction,  obstruction! And you want to win back seats this way?
You need to approve her and stop the obstructionism
You would oppose a free meal if Trump offered it to you
U R such a great obstructionist. Always proud to put party before country. Hero of the Dems.
Bragging about obstructing the Presidents plans to make America Great again is not an admirable traitTry working with your LEADER
Go get 'Em Madame
Fighting for us? What exactly are you doing to fight for us?  Under your watch education has failed our families, you are a fraud.
During her tenure in office, she's managed to pass just one bill of any significance through the Senate the Smart Savings Act lol. VoteShiva
Of course you are :
43 days, THE HIGHEST average time it's taken for the Senate to confirm a @POTUS nominee compared to past admins in recent history. 
Why haven't you said anything about Trump colluding with Russia on Cybersecurity. Also, why is your fax number disconnected?
Just what we need-another person in charge of regulations who has ties to the Kochs. I'm tired of our country being for sale
Obstruct Obstruct Obtruct Pocahontas... Need to preserve the Democrat Slave Plantation
it doesn't matter what you do they have the nuclear option to over ride you and the othere http://democrats.You  think your smart not
On the warpath Pocahontas
You go Elizabeth!!
Keep voting out Democrats like this lying fool
Don't forget to put your War Paint on and do your Rain Dance Pocahontas!! LOL
Looks like they confirmed.  Frustrating.
Of course u are.Obstructionism is your platform.your ideas are great but the other more than half of the country disagrees with u ideas suck
Why? U obstructionist. #fakeIndian
Good luck. You've been against everything so far. Keep up the good, but losing work.
Nice to know that politicians can get along.
Why do you not support this person, or anyone Trump wants you will oppose.
Why are you opposed?  Lets here the details rather than obstruction!
Honestly, what is wrong with you. You have opposed every single nomination.   The people of Massachusetts deserve better.
I live in Mass. Pocahontas is the biggest phony and fraud going.
Good luck liz
You're like a fvking broken record. Why would anyone watch your shrill screed?
Obstructionist!
Give it up Pocahontas......
Get a grip Elizabeth, the more you resist the more harm you'll do to your Demorats. What are u really offering to USA? Yeah, keep RESISTING
Go get them liz.
Elizabeth Warren 4 prez!
Ha ha ha. That's a good one. Funniest thing I've read on twitter all day. Thanks for that comical tweet. You da man!
I know, But thanks gor the compliment, Wow Your easily amused.
Of course you are. I'm on the way to the floor to talk about how you lied about being netive American.
Why are info and regulations together? Kinda sounds Owellian doesn't it?
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
Scalp them Geronimo
Whiptydoo! Ha Ha

That's all you do is oppose. Pretty boring. Maybe you should propose solutions instead of obstructing everything.
That's a shock!  Have you voted in favor of any nominations from our president?
Are you on the war path?
Thanks
Q: besides your personal wishes are you ever for anything? Is compromise in your wheelhouse? Senate needs problem solvers, not bomb throwers
Why? Oh I forgot, just bc ur an obstructionist & the Dems lost the election
It's your prerogative. But she will be confirmed . You will have resisted and scored points with yourself and  those whom you derive  power
 half of your tweets are always you on the way to the senate floor to "oppose" ....obstruct obstruct obstruct. How sad
https://youtu.be/yELV238wr-k?t=15m13s …
Get up stand up. Stand up for our rights.
That's EXACTLY what Trump is doing ..but we have a lot of idiots trying to obstruct...Don't we Elizabeth???? You are not representing the US
Break a leg, Senator. No. Really. Break a leg.
Why are you opposing Neomi Rao. She might get info on illegals and lawbreakers. Elisabeth you are a pitiful pitiful little woman
obstructionist, your not even American, resign already, you dont have a clue of what WE THE PEOPLE want. Impeach the LIAR
I'm on my way to oppose your fictitious use of Native American heritage for special consideration. You're pathetic, "Senator."
Oh man, oh boy is @SenWarren proud of the Democratic Party obstructionism.  No intent to cooperate on anything.  Only to obstruct.
why?
Oh what a shock!
Ms. Warren, thanks for all you do for us lil ppl! We need you, you have more guts, courage than any of those wimpy GOP-tRumpsters. U ROCK!
Name some thing she did for the little people
Let's just sit this one out. You can even sit Indian style if it makes you feel more like one...
I forgot America. We are suppose to just sit back and let Trump and the Republicans do what ever they want. That's soooooo USA. 
Why ?

Why don't u defund planned parenthood, you baby killer!
Nothing new here you oppose everything
If Lizzie Warren is against it, it can only be good for America
Thank you, good luck!!
Aren't you a little old for that costume grandma?
Obstruction politics that's all your good for!
Thank you Senator #resist and bring it up a notch with all Dems/repubs for #impeachtrump
You CANT impeach a president because he hurts your little feelings!!! Lol   He hasn't broken any laws..hillary has put her as in prison!!
If you say so. Have a nice day 
I say so and I am having a VERY nice day knowing that we FINALLY have a REAL PRESIDENT in charge and working to clean up Washington...ha ha

Thank you for watching our backs.
Wow we have a want a be Indian attacking a true American Indian & another woman no less. How low can you go, much lower right?
Shouldn't you be in a sweat lodge somewhere
Here is the left hard at work again, Russia, Russia, Russia, Resist, Resist, Resist,  What?
They are 200% absolute losers that still can't get over HRC's staggering defeat so now they make shit up to try to stay relevant.
Is there anything that you, Mad Maxine and Pandering Pelosi wouldn't oppose?
Just another standard day of obstruction
Oppose oppose / how about working to solve. We need leaders not obstructionist. You are an old school outdated politician
Thank you for your vigilance @SenWarren  !!
Vigilance is one thing..accomplishments are another. She only has one of the 2 during her tenure and it ain't the second!
Cass Sunstein, OIRA head under President Obama, had some nice things to say about Rao
Like you "opposed" putting Nikki Haley in the UN?
So what's new…all you clowns on the Left do is oppose...never 'produce' or 'add' anything productive...just oppose.
Persist! 
I'm shocked. Nutcase lunatic.

https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/884508770268835844 …
Pochontas for Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs...because 1/32nd Fugawee Indian is enough!
Go floor them Senator!
I'm pretty sure you're the only one still resisting. Our hero 
Wow! so much hate on this thread, you must have em scared. Keep up the good work! 
The bots are out today, yes they are.
so are the idiots on the left
Be gone, bot.
Be a good little liberal and destroy something good and wholesome today.
Perfect. You keep obstructing your way out of a job. Can't wait-!!!
 So Trump has you believing the rules of Math are fake! Worse that you admit it on a public forum! When could 48 votes beat 52? 
Was the math correct from the Electoral College where is all the proof on the Russian Collusion???

I'm deeply saddened @SenWarren refused my thoughtful (gift-wrapped) Birthday Gift: the 23&me DNA Test Kit.  Most unfortunate! #FakeIndian 
Get a job!
Of course you are
LIAR
You are a very good example of term limits
Do you hate women?
Career federal employees can run it without a political appointee.
Keep it up he'll get there anyway and you will be voted out
Ur racists
Obstruction at its worst.  Shame on u
