Break up the Google
google is not the bad guy, they use their money to increase progress and innovate
I am just Loving your tweets Senator. God Bless you and this great country of ours
Roosevelt also liked hunting and excused colonialism in Egypt...
That's really neither here nor there. Presidents are large, they contain multitudes.
Riiight. Some had slaves too. Neither here nor there... but actually immoral and unethical.
Warren's point is about trusts, criticism is better when it's on point.
Fair point
Teddy Roosevelt must be rolling in his grave.
Teddy Roosevelt would exile you lol
Go 4 it. He needs 2 be sacked.  He is already benefiting indirectly from use of resort 4 work. Total conflict of interest. CORRUPT !
no reason we can't use the antitrust stick and the impeachment broom at the same time.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This time whip their ass with the antitrust stick.
Did Teddy hit you with the ugly stick?
When our government is by the people, for the people and of the people, but corporations are now people well ... we need governance
Where did it ever go?
Need to break up TBTF Wall Street crime syndicates, Amazon, Monsanto, WalMart, Apple, Facebook, Nestle and the media companies.  #BreakemUp
Yes, break up the Democratic Party. Crooks and liars.
And do your job..,.,,,,,,,
Start with rescinding the a1947 anti trust exemption for big Insurance ...Oh wait..first get your hand out of their pockets!
No.... it's time for you to take your meds and go away!
Amen, Sister!
What happened to U.S. antitrust laws exactly??  Did we just fail to modernize them in time to counter the market power of wmart and amazon?
I think Reagan stopped enforcing them in 1982
Why is Barack Obama always given a pass?  He had 8 years to fix these problems and he left office with a smile. Remember those loopholes?
Yes, and why don't u focus on important things like that and enuf already with Russia/fake news. Do your job.
This is liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a war being waged against US citizens by the dishonest liberal media and liberal Elite.
Pick up his position on immigration while you are at it.
How about Walmart a monopoly and anti-trust! 
Like airlines-good luck with choices
Don't forget to put it in ur forehead with a looser below it
Dems so set on revenge u r endangering us all not enforcing the wall or immigration control!
Start with the AMA please... 
hypocrite
YES!!!!!!!!!!! The nation sorely needs that. Deregulation has just been dismantling of antitrust.
Bust the trust!
Everything old is new again.
Need to pick up our firearms and put down these GD protestor liberals! I'm tired of the BS of cop killing and vandalizing!
YOU would be beating your self in the head with it
..and go after amazon. One of your  piggy banks.
Yes, please!
you know that great leader is rolling over in his grave! along with our veterans, who sacrificed to prevent what trump is doing
I picked up the stick, and I'm pointing it right at your head
Teddy was a staunch Republican!!  Truth!
I agree. Go Teddy on their behinds.
You are so silly,wanting to play fetch at such a serious time
That's very encouraging. @barryclynn
Pick up ANY stick & beat trump over the head...please
Can't wait to see what happens when u come up for re-election.  We are on u make no mistake.
The Trust buster is back. 
Yes start with Bezos and the Washington post if you know what I mean
First target should be Amazon and Jeff Bezos
Unfortunately, impeachment won't get him anything more than a slap on the wrist.  Charges must be brought to get him out of the WH.
Yes!
And bat you over the head with the anti trust stick
Agreed Antitrust has needed to be enforced for a long time. This stick should never be put down. Sadly it is human nature to accumulate more
including taking over competitors or other entities viewed as valuable. Antitrust is a way to counter this @SenSanders @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence
Google? Apple? Facebook? OK, have it.
What happened to #SethRich you hack!
"BULLY!"...
I think it's easier to reflect on what Ronald Reagan did since his more and our error
Stop ins companies protection under the McCarren-Ferguson Act!@SenSchumer @SenDeanHeller @SenCortezMasto @MarkAmodeiNV2 @SenAlFrank
You can when the (D)'s are in the majority again. Fight hard! Fight Dirty and expose the (R)'s for what they are and make it stick !
Love it how all of a sudden, you're into government accountability!
You're a fake you're Outta control you're nothing like Teddy Roosevelt he went after the Crooked bureaucrats like you
I thought it was get on old nag & be rough rider up san juan hill
Insane person. Different world than TR. Machine gun #Warren at it again. #PopulistBS #Running4President #LearnEconomics #PleaseGiveSpecifics
And make it a BIG one!!
#AntiTrumpStick
no tweets about your favored and preferred candidate possibly murdering #SethRich and blaming the Russians for leaks? #MAGA
Another thing TR did was split off from the GOP. Might be time again for that too.
No, it's to pick up another scepter & lead YOUR people the same direction--great America--so their voices & dreams are heard too!
@SenSanders I want NOTHING 2 do w/ CAP, as it it #Soros funded. Just saw  cast member fm #PodestaEmails, Neera Tanden, on CSPAN as Rep 4 CAP
Not going to happen with this adm. Question. What are your thoughts on compulsory voting in coordination with public financing of campaigns?
I'm all for it!!
& Teddy Roosevelt established National Park's that Donnie Trump is trying 2 destroy for future generations. Imagine that: a Republican!
not only was TR a Repub, he was a naturalist.
That is an extinct animal now. The Republican Dodo
Please consider picking up the "Impeachment stick" instead. Swing hard with it Senator! We need you!
Yes and swing it with conviction and DEMAND !!!
hey Liz! Did u hear #SethRich was Wikileaks source? Shared 44K docs b4 he was killed last July.  Any thots?
I thought Trump supporters hated uncorroborated anonymous sources.
Anyways, Seth Rich's own family is calling bullshit on the story.
Maybe stop politicizing a man's death?
yes, unsolved murder after sharing 44K dnc docs. 
The story cites one uncorroborated source: a Fox News contributor. Conflict of interest.
And even if the story IS true, there's still no evidence Hillary ordered a hitman to kill a DNC staffer, as you assert.
I never said anything about Hillary.  Do u think she was involved?
Isn't the entire Trump supporter argument that this story is smoking-gun evidence the Clinton campaign killed a leaker?
I'm ok with this.

There shouldn't be such a rift between small businesses and large businesses due to Government regulations. Close the gap
In this country under this admin? Fantasy.
With people like you we wouldn't have civil rights and women's suffrage wouldn't have happened.
AMEN!!! I am named after the man and share his anti-trust views.
Your right! I don't trust you!
WOW !! WHAT A NEGOTIATOR !!! 
STUPID IS AS STUPID DOES
Great Minds something something... #KeepLawrence @comcast or else...
aka #verizon & #comcast quasi-monopoly & USA needs a trust buster a la #teddyroosevelt, but in the mean time. their abuses must be exposed
But you were silent witness to the conflict of interest of the Clintons. In fact a supporter. And that's what made Trump the POTUS.
Trump is POTUS because people like you were silent to HIS conflicts of interests.
Herr trumpLER should be washed up by July & then the big stick applied!!
Except for Dems it's an "anti-Trump" stick. Doesn't matter what he does you will #resist it all no matter if it's good or bad.
So far I haven't seen anything good come from your King.
At first, I thought you were going to say "invade Cuba."
A long thin strip of birch? Or a fat stout strip of oak.  Lets call it a forget-me-stick and run with the oak.
My all time fav pres of the people! TR wanted universal #HealthCare for all Americans! Walk softly but carry a big stick
To break corporate hold on gov we must pass amendment to stop Citizens United, corporate personhood, money as speech
It's time for your criminal party to pay for their crimes
#SethRich
Report: Seth Rich 'Leaked Thousands of Internal Emails to @wikileaks 
about, well @HillaryClinton then MURDERED
Hit them hard and hit them strong!
Or push for tax reform that has anti trust provisions built in...
Stop praising @HillaryClinton and her shady pacs
Ok but let's not forget about GOP Senators meeting in secret to wreck the ACA. LETS GET SOME ATTENTION THERE PLEASE.
That means encouraging MORE business and competition. Especially in the insurance and energy fields
And get rid of all the lobbyists and the people like Elizabeth Warren who depend on lobbyists to pad her retirement portfolio.
Don't you mean Tomahawk?
And start a war with Spain, too.  Teddy was the Original Imperialist.
Can't wait a day on this. Real threat to our economy.
Nope. Standard Oil is gone.
You're going after Bezos?
RUSSIAN TROLL   ADD EM
"I did not reveal classified information to the Russians... with few exceptions."
Bad enough that your spreading bullshit news. At least make it relevant to the convo.
And hit Trump with it
Speak softly, and carry a big picket.
A BIGGLY picket
