Or The 250,000$ TRANS CHANGE! WAKE UP POCAHONTAS!
Definitely true MATE! It's all BS,I don't want my tax dollars paying for Transgender,at eh'250,000$ a person!
I totally eh' ..agree with you! I could care less who people Fuck. I don't want pay for someone in the military on my quid, Euro ,dollar !
Come on Mate? Im saying I don't personally want to spend my tax dollars eh' when you have Transgender joiin military to have a 250$ rubbish!
If eh' they join, and they don't have the surgery and cost taxpayers money,then I could fucking care less if they are military mate!
A person who is struggling with their identity is basically the definition of someone who won't be able to handle the job of war!
Like Trump? Hes struggling with his identity as Prez and can't handle being commander in chief overseeing the job of war!
Good add homonym, he is just as qualified and is doing just as well a job as the last guy, if you have an actual arguement let's hear it.
Most trans people are not struggling with who they are but societies hatred of them. The ban is all about the latter, not the former.
this ban has to do with trans people using the military to get a free sex change and how the majority of country doesnt want to pay for it
It would be a huge financial burden, one the public should not have to pay for.
And 'huge financial burden' might be the most hyperbole laden statement possible considering the scale of military spending.

C'mon dude.
Its bigotry to say they're mentally ill. Its not an illness and there is no science to support your statement.
I'm not transgender.
I have this thing called empathy. And calling them perverts doesn't help your weak argument that this is just a difference of opinion.
True which is why they often bar people with a variety of different mental or psychological issues. My brother wasnt allowed certain
Clearance levels for the better jobs because he took prozac for a little while as a teen
Which is why we should lower the physical requirements for women, right??? Let's have ALL ppl register for draft, then talk to me
I'm good with that & so I is my daughter. #LetThemServe
2/2 treatment, but only in certain cases where I (or my gender) benefits. It doesn't work that way.
Agree!
I feel sorry for gay's who have served under duress, you are to be honored for your service.
This is about mid term election strategy - Republicans are reaching out to their anti-LGBTQ and religious zealot base in a SAVE US plea
You need more tin foil sweetie.
That ur opinion and ur allowed to have it - who can do a job shouldn't depend on what between ur legs...its you proving u can do it
TECHNICALLY trans been serving military 4 decades w/ few problems..them announcing they r is allowing haters a target cuz we r allowing hate

Let's not forget that gender dysphoria is a mental illness.
True none of his children ever served. That speaks volumes.
I'm raising money for Little goat farm. Click to Donate:  http://gofund.me/little-goat-fa … via @gofundme
Preach it Liz.
Now you can join the military to have taxpayers pay for your elective surgery because your not able to serve in your current  state.???????.
And everyone has to grow into those jobs, no one has the prior experience
So I guess that you're rather spend our tax dollars on surgical treatment instead of equipment..??
Oooh ooh! the False Dichotomy! What do you think I am, 12? 
#informalfallacies #readabookmoron
Have you ever served..???
Seriously you're going with the Shoot the Messenger Ad Hominem now?
Are you a textbook of Informal Fallacies? #gottaboneup #whichonenext
Never did answer the question. Did you ever serve in the military..??
SenWarren you're in the wrong job. You should be POTUS. You speak for real 
@POTUS Served my country honorably and went to war. I'm gay, so I hid, lived a lie, sacrifice who I was/am, because of people like you! Sad.
He's a user. Bought his way out of draft chicken sh.. he has no policy only political chaos.
Its another page from his 'distract and divide' playbook. We must not fall for it!
Interesting how liberal (leftovers) accuse their opposition with what they have been doing to this day.
I'm kinda sick of the name calling. Can we discuss without being bashed?
The 73.5 million people who voted against Trump, DEMAND the GOP stop ignoring us!!  WE WANT HIM OUT OF OFFICE.
But, you were saying it out of hatred of a man who makes trump look like the buffoon & crminal he is.  You're a hypocrite & racist.
Good news about Trump being POTUS has caused more people to read constitution.Bad news we see how little he knows what's in constitution
Ok military expert Senator Warren- where our tax dollars go matters too
and we have a suspect President??
WHO CANNOT HANDLE THE JOB!!!
#summerofhell 
#TransRightsAreHumanRights
At this point you should be happy anyone wants to join..low pay, repeated deployments, constant BS wars, poor mental/health treatment..etc
The only thing – only thing – that matters when it comes to allowing a president to serve is whether or not he or she can handle the job.
I guess this should be applied to presidency also.
I did not ask for it. I would not mind a transgender as president. It is an incapable nutcase narcissist l would consider inadequate.
Right, if you think your another sex then your mentally ill.
Actually they say that's it's not that they think they're another sex,it's that they're not comfortable with the sex that they have...
They should go into signing a waver on transgender surgery why should tax payers pay billions for that a $12000 a month for hormone treating
Would shower in an open stall with penis swinging? Or perhaps a married man should shower with breasts and vagina? Are either of those right
How much military experience do you have lieawatha?
You mean like Chelsea Manning who found it difficult so he turned on his country & then made taxpayers PAY for his surgery
#truth
No special rules, special standards, special jobs, everything absolutely equal for everyone...
WRONG, the only thing that matters is a 41% suicide rate in the trans community. That alone doesn't coincide with a strong military stance.
#WarrenReich2020 
God you people are stupid. Let the military decide. Trans soldiers cannot be deployed. No other condition is accepted, so why is theirs?
But all those evangelicals prayed for him in the Oval...so.....he had to give them some red meat.  #KristinBeck #BronzeStar #PurpleHeart
Is before or after their social sex change experimentation?  

#DumbAssWarren
No! Your wrong.. Our service member don't need the distraction. Step down and let someone come in that will do a better job
This would also be the only thing that matters, to allow someone to serve as president.
How true. We need to honor each and every person who serves. Regardless.
Says the politico who never served in the military! I think I'll take my advisement from the soldiers and generals not a mouthpiece n gov't
Wrong depending on each other in life and death situation you're an ignorant windbag
I wish I could retweet more than once. 
This is the most juvenile thinking administration i have ever seen. Horrible
Yes you are correct, but talk to some of the Vets from your area and see how they feel before you make up your mind
One could say the same for Congress. "Swamp Queen"
If they can't handel there own sex how can they handle any job.
I can only imagine how bad the pain is for someone transitioning to another sex! Emotionally draining which calls into ? Ones fitness.
Unlike the presidential job 
Coming from someone who has never served. #MakesSense
Pity the GOP didn't apply that criteria to the presidential nominee
Coming from a true transgender woman. About time you came out.
All of Prez. Trumps tweets & moves are used to distract from on going investigations. Spread the word.
I want to Thank all who are willing to risk their lives for our freedom! Trump is an ass!
And their loyalty, meaning not selling out your country to the Russians for power and wealth
That's a pretty crucial factor when it comes to being @POTUS too. Trump has proven he lacks the necessary integrity, honesty & intelligence
So, moral does not matter----Did you get your military experience back when you were a Native American
Would you want to put your life in the hands of someone who can't decide what sex they want to be
I totally agree Liz. What does being Trans have to do with the ability to fight for FREEDOM & DEMOCRACY. POTUS45 IS A DISGRACE 2 BOTH. SICK!
You are very correct and I applaud you madam
#DumpTrump
How can they handle the job when they are going under operations paid by us the American citizens to have their gender changed!
With all due respect, Senator, the only thing that really matters is for all MoC's to demand his removal from office & protect democracy.
hmmm I know someone who DODGED THE MILITARY DRAFT 4 times plus 1 sissy med deferment TRUMP!! Yup the coward!
#Resist #Transgender #USA 
All transgender Military members are BRAVER STRONGER AND BETTER than #TRUMP could ever try to be
So Pocahontas what experience do you have serving in the Military?? How would you know what takes?  #idiot
This woman is a menace to out country. She never does any research before she speaks.
The military isn't designed to pay for elective surgery and to maintain reduced hormone levels at the tax payers expense. #sorry
Lol Elizabeth Warren. A beacon of morality hahahaha
I love how quick you are to make decisions it have such a big opinion find something you have involvement in
Wrong. It requires you to not be mentally-ill to start with.
Amen
No it is not Elizabeth Warren they have a mental problem from the start it is called identity they are confused in the head to begin
Then you know are military suicide rate is all ready high. So are you trying to give them an outlet
Were this the standard for elected officials as well we would have to dismiss Trump from office!
As well as about 90% of all elected officials in the House and Senate regardless of political affiliation
Would be nice if we could apply the same standard to the WH but I guess it's too much to ask anymore.
Too bad no one wants to hear his arguments for this ban. All the lefties are like "la la la(fingers in ears) don't want to hear"
To be fair for about 4 year they are not able to do the job. Additionally HRT cost $1500 per month and then the surgery cost $100k-150k.
How do you test that ? just physically ? or should there be mental tests as well ? Maybe we can prevent PTSD by new testing in this way ?
And who picks up the duties of the individual during recovery from the optional surgery?  This can create a morale problem.
I think it matters to the taxpayers if they are forced to pay for the expensive sex reassignment surgery.
Agree. We do not pay for Soldiers plastic surgery unless medically necessary . Some with severe disfigs (which is wrong btw)
Individual may not be able to handle the job during the lengthy recovery from optional sex reassignment surgery creating burden for others.
What a shame presidential candidates aren't subjected to the same criteria.
Absolutely... Nothing else matters, at all!!!!
You go girl!!!
No Pocahontas. You can't have Trannys in the military because they are a disruptive influence contrary to good order and discipline.
What do you know about military protocol? Before Obama we banned the queers.
Women were forbidden. Now they serve in combat. Homosexuals were forbidden. Now they serve openly. Trans are the next hurdle... Applaud them
No it's not. If that were the case there wouldn't be any women in the military.
How many trannys on your security detail? 
Transgendered are a 4F
Am tire of working and support the welfare. Put people to work instead of protesting
Would they DIE for us? YES.
That is correct. If only everyone understood that fact. Keep fighting Senator.
No ma'am. It's can they do their job.
I am 100 percent with you.  I served in the US military and serving in the miltary is a hard job. I was proud serving my country.
Objective POV 
Please help us we have someone in the White House that is mentally ill
I totally agree!
Thank you, Senator Warren. I will continue to fight against every bigoted hateful command that 45 gives!
wish the same held true for Senators
#livingwage #fairjusticesystem #WarrenGillabrand without health there is no life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness #ABetterDeal
Keep speaking to the truth, never surrender the facts
What if they have "bone spurs"?
If only the same qualification applied to the presidency. 

(I'm looking at you, @realDonaldTrump.)
I believe it was Pence's reward for yesterday's vote!
Figure out if their a man or a woman helps I think
You are my hero Elizabeth Warren! A strong, intelligent and dignified voice for the ones who need you most! Im currently working with SLPC!
I love and support my transgender friends  I learn to accept myself because of their strength, courage to be themselves and love themselves!
Wrong. What matters is teamwork & how the pieces fit together.
THAT....WOULD APPLY TO YOU.. AND NO....YOU SURE AS HELL...CAN'T!
Unless you are a Female in the shower and a person steps in & they have clackers & a bat! Let's see you do it 1st  Set the example!
Transg is a psych disorder w/high suicide rates; that's why GENERALS advised Trump on this. Their views far outweigh yours.

Trump's GENERALS advised him on this. Stop preaching abt military readiness. What army division or naval fleet did you command in the past?
Democrats need to speak the hell up and fight back every hour of every Trump day left.  This polite act has to STOP

Trump can't do HIS job! Worst president ever! Do not allow him in WH, he costs too much money! 
Too late
If someone is willing to get shot at for me, I'm not inclined to judge them.
Donnie "tiny hands" is a man, but unfortunately not able to handle the job
How about whether they contribute not cost us $'s & not disrupt others with their extreme behavior.
And they can't handle that job, mentally unstable.  Military shouldn't pay for their ridiculous surgeries.
Tell that to the navy seal that served.
I was not allowed to serve because I have titanium screws in my leg 4f. Not everyone can serve in this capacity. I would have been a burden.
They cannot handle the job when they leave their responsibilities to others for extended medical leave for gender reassignment surgery.

THEY CAN'T HANDLE THE JOB!!!
Of course,  you wouldn't know that, having never left the hallowed halls of pretend land academia
Come on Elizabeth make a run for President! We need you!
You are willing and woefully ignorant... And without respect to the God Almighty.
Trannies can't. That's why the President took appropriate action.
You mean like Bergdahl. Quit smoking crack Pocahontas!!!
Hearing impaired & single parents can handle the job & are not allowed to join. Fight for them!
And sadly that's the one thing that wasn't a pre req for 45.

Why don't you handle yours
when do work as a senator seems all you do tweet ,what are we paying you for
Lizzy, show us your honorable discharge or shut your pie hole about military service.
More to it than that Dumb Ass! Fake Indians don't know shit! M & F separate barracks w showers, causing Social Problems w TG!
Thank you Senator Warren for standing against @potus discrimination
Sorry Senator, but you are wrong. 

J/K, not sorry at all, but please tell us how the Cherokees would handle this?
Which,  contrarily to the sad excuse of a (I don't even want to call him that) President you endure, they probably can.
Yeah I'm pretty sure someone who can't even figure out what gender they r couldn't handle the battle field. Wise Decision @POTUS
Yes, and any group of people with a 40% suicide rate should not be in the military.
When did you serve Pochy??  How would you know whT a mikitary unit is thinking?
Not true. You never served. Typical progressive agenda. Your ignorant and never served
Tweet means nothing. You have no idea what it takes to serve. Your brothers do, not you.
And they don't try to open a secret backchannel to RUSSIA! 
That, too, is important...
...And If,...They Bleed Red!...Amen!
Nice hair cut, you look like peppermint patty from Charlie browns Christmas specials.
That should also go for politicians but look your still here!
Exactly!
RT
#PeoplesPlatform
#FARA
#LGBT
#WednesdayWisdom
#foxconn
#ADA27
#TransRightsAreHumanRigts
#NoDAPL
#ClintonBodyCount
#resist
#DemExit
You can bet Gays & Lesbians are next. Then Women. This is just the beginning of the Alt-right white supremacist military. Then the parades.
Trump can not condemn transgendered soldiers unless he can tell America why he is more patriotic then them.
lifetime of meds.
The rules apply to all who depend on medication with consequences if they don't have access. I was discharged for a condotion that req a ...
He only is set on undoing it because Obama said was OK
I can tell by your name your a lovey person
You should be charged with treason and hung Elizabeth Warren! Get back to work ! LGBT needs to be cut next ! There the devil like you !
Yes... and I believe that is shat his decision is based on
Please! Hillary, Obama, and transgenders.. enough already.. Can't Trump, cadre, R.'s get serious about working for the people?
When a feeling of what you are & they way you want to be treated in a situation conflicts with the position you may be put in. Mental strong
@realDonaldTrump manages to make each day of his presidency exponentially worse. A parasite destroying its host. #ImpeachTrump NOW!
@CelaineF Are the TRANSGENDERED placed in any risk by serving???
yes
If this were true for holding office, you wouldn't BE in office.
Your only qualification is being a pathological liar.
Those vets who's condition causes chronic pain should not be abandoned either, causing suicides due to suffering. Help all pain patients.
And that's why there are fitness standards. But you cant have men using lower womens' standards. It lowers readiness and effectiveness.
Unfortunately, you made it about getting million dollar elective surgeries paid for and forcing brave warriors into uncomfortable positions
trans weaken the military.The middle east kill gays.Are you ok on this
