You said you were Native American.  Yours was just a lie to advance yourself
liar liar, pants on fire....as kid song goes
Another deplorable coward who won't fight for his beliefs—probably because he knows that his hate and bigotry are NOT Christian values.
Was Colbert hateful and ignorant? You are a hypocrite!!! No credibility at all
Ah another Trumpkin changing the subject and filling their Twitter page with conspiracy bullshit
just because he doesn't want men in the girls bathroom doesn't make him anti lgbt.He has made no rude comments
That was his qualification for the job.  You folks just don't understand the new world order.
Is there any elected Republican at one point or another who hasn't?
So have you!  Why do you throw stones?  Give your heart to God and pray for those who you think are your enemies.
Shame on him,and shame on Trump and Bill Maher for calling you Pocahontas.
Like what? You support the fundamental transformation and the Muslim Brotherhood over the Civil Society? Ass!
Like u do every day you mention our President!! Hypocrite
Easy there, snowflake. You'll survive.
I am no snowflake!
You seem a little touchy. Have a Snickers.
Senator Warren, that is something you do almost every day. You should be ashamed of your hypocrisy.
Did it ever occur to you that it is possibly and probably true to one extent or another? Don't forget your name calling days are still here
So does Trump seems he calls people who didn't vote for him "losers&haters"
Oh like the deplorable's?
Deplorables were targeted toward those using racist and hate speech at Trump rallies. That was it
Let's hope this is the beginning of the end for @markjgreen and others like him!
So have you, constantly.
Whaaaat? Another unqualified nominee...you don't say... #worstPOTUSever
He thinks transgender IS A DISEASE. He has no clue about DNA, mutations and NATURAL SELECTION. I'd say unintelligent is more his description
Wow! Did he call you pocahontas too? #liberaltears
trolling from an account that promotes your business seems like a recipe for success
I figure my odds are 50/50. But thanks for your heartfelt concern.
any concern global warming will destroy your Fl properties? Your customers she be more liberal
I thought it was "climate change" now? That's what Eddy Vedder says...
that is the same thing lol always has 
I see the whole sarcasm thing escapes you... I've been dying to use the Eddy Veder thing since I watched Pearl Jam be inducted into the HOF.
So have you.  He at least has the decency to withdraw.  You should follow his lead.
While every one else says great things about fellow americans while spraying CHEMTRAILS all over them.
Keep up the resistance, Sen Warren. Glad you're my senator as well as Markey
If you didn't name the Nominee, I would have though Trump nominated himself. Considering he is constantly spewing hate.
No debt limit increases.
No further budget increases while administration is under investigation.
While administration is under investigation no further appointees are to be confirmed.
Get over it snowflake!
Senator use your Native American skills
has appoint herself "Chief of Thought Police"!  Forget about words...Show us how his ACTIONS have harmed ANY service members!
But no outrage for CBS and Colbert? HUMMMM!
So have you!
Did he say something about Indians again?
And you lied to get funding to grey into a school..#Pocohontas # fakeIndian
Why should he be any different than the rest of the lily white /racist/male cabinet?? #NEVERMYPRESIDENT #AmateurPresident
Haha! Look who's talking.
So, did he attempt to claim an historic heritage that he did not have for personal gain?
So have you.
Liz! Wake up! You make comments that offend me each and every day! Please resign from office! You're not right for your position!
Not really surprising- since his whole administration are racist bigots. Just sayin'
Another ignorant  individual who'll be  spreading  the  hate  ridicu5
Wow, so following the usual trend of nominating the most despicable, spiteful people he could find. Effing great.
Has anyone in 45's administration even bothered to look up the word, vet, in the dictionary? Because they don't seem to be able to do it.
And you bullshit constantly!
That's what they do, & it makes news.  What they are really doing is downplayed; no coverage. Media played again
All this dizz-ball does is tweet! And criticize! Unless it's her idea than its great for  everyone!
I am tired of the chaos!!! So much is at risk and we have seen little progress in resisting this administration.
PRESIDENT TRUMP COULD PICK THE POPE, AND YOU BUNCH OF CRYBABIES WOULD FIND SOMETHING WRONG WITH HIM!
Yes I hear he's a piece of work
Go back to you teepee
Green is disqualified, because his statements have revealed unacceptable bias!
The public can't impeach a president but the government can.  You're letting this happen along with your colleagues.
Wasn't Gomer Pyle available?
Dear Elizabeth, Trump insults us and makes hateful comments daily. It's all par for the course. 2018 will bring about REAL change.
Such as?
Shame on him, all that Drama in the White House, now he's joined the Drama House 
He'll fit right in with the morally broken characters Trump has selected to surround himself with. The worse they are the better he appears.
As opposed to abusing a minority status
Haven't all his selections?
HRC called 65 million people deplorable you you endorsed it.
You say hatefu & ignorant l things about the President....
Tell us about it. We have to put up with him here in TN.
I think he got that from you, didn't he?
Did you expect anything else
That moved him up to number one
Oh god.......here we go again .......just shut up already!
Mr Orange has made everyone with half a thought and diarrhea of the mouth comfortable so now their relieving themselves in public. 
Of course he has.  Stop the insanity.
Do you or your party have anything positive to comment on the President?
And the Ad was Fake News as well
so have you
And so have you what a hypocrite what you said about some American people was as ignorant comment as you could have said your no leader
I think that could also be said about 45 on a regular basis
@HRC @realDonaldTrump  You have too,Liz. You demean and ridicule people who disagree with you. Be honest.
Buzz off. We know what you're up to.
He has to be hateful and intolerant to be gop
You have made hateful ignorant comments about Americans so what's your point
so has every democrat. Remember when Killary called 1/2 of America deplorable. Your a hypocrite!!
Pocohontas find something else to do, you Are not cut out for politics,
at least he didn't steal a Native Americans teaching job at Harvard like you did.
he hates you too.  don't we all.
Just bought your books after hearing your interview w/ @ezraklein ... looking forward to the read.
Like minds always come together.  Dumb and dumber#notmypresidentEVER
Let me guess white working class? They're the only Americans you all want to prioritize.
I think the list of who Trump has picked that isn't a racist or an idiot would be shorter. I think that's a zero.
You'll complain no matter what.  Grow up goofy. You're more of a divider tha uniter.
And you haven't?
OMG and HRC didn't do the same
So have you.
Anything you'd like to say about @BarackObama donating $2 million to Chicago youth? Will u, @realDonaldTrump and @BernieSanders be matching?
Well there are fellow Americans that probably deserved it.
I believe you have too Mrs. Warren
It sad that it's being accepted to be racist now
Good. I can't stand some of our fellow Americans.
#Just another look-aid drinker.  No surprise.
Ok. What else is new?All of his appointees have said something or did something  Lets just pray.
Must be a democrat.
@BenjaminEHaas @realDonaldTrump  What you just said describes the left in this country!
He should fit right in with all the misfits 45 @realDonaldTrump has appointed.  Wish the Republicans would start growing some cajones.
Are we surprised?
U never will say anything nice about someone that is a republican. U are just a hateful person that lives to hear your own crackling voice

Then deny him confirmation. I don't think Agent Orange has access to anyone who isn't bigoted, racist, or misogynist.
What has he said? #StillSanders #medicare4all
So has the Democratic Party
Did he say he wanted to cut them open? Has he called them racist for exercising their right to vote? Hateful comments? Look in the mirror.
Excellent !!
Would that be like claiming you have Indian heritage when you really don't? #lyingsackofshit
trump is signing a bill this Thursday to allow discrimination of transgendered citizens
Elizabeth, I love you, but you know it's ok to say gay, right? We're not like cancer or something where you have to talk around us.
No one @realDonaldTrump picks would be good fit. His views show in the people he choosses to lead our gov. Disgusting choices so far. Horrid
You have done the same.
He picks the worse ppl just like him. He sucks
Hateful and ignorant seems to be the criteria for Trumps administration! 
Do u ever shut up?
Can we get rid of this man now? How much longer does the American ppl have to suffer B4 this tyrant is taken out of office?
Like you haven't? You stole a scholarship that didn't rightfully belong to you also! Going to return that money the the fund you stole from?
So haven't u when can we dump u
Name one nominee that Trump has named which Warren hasn't criticized. She is in the party of opposition after all. Nothing she says of value
Doesn't matter. Trumps picks are always worst possible candidate and they get the position even if they lie under oath.
After reading article ystrday about "reformation" versus The Reconstruction, am seeing it as resurgence of InviolableHateSpeech=KKK=JimCrow
Is he a Democrat?
Did he check a box and claim to "identify" as someone else? What's different between you & Rachel Dolezal? You benefited financially!
So does that mean good old Mitch @SenMajLeader will pull another "nuclear" vote?? Hateful & ignorance seem to be @SenateGOP top criteria!
You ought to Hear UR Own MOUTH madam, along with Clintons!!! 
As have you.

Elizabeth that means he fits Perfectly in pres chumps cabinet ! There All misfits!
So did Hillary, but you supported her.
@MSNBC @CNNPolitics @SenJohnMcCain @Maddow @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence @hardball Trump selecting Green to be ovr diverse military=another Failure!
You'd think the Trump admin would have already scraped all the scum from the bottom of the swamp. Where do they find these people?

Oh grow up. Boo hoo he said nasty things. Get over it. It does not disqualify him for the job. Look at the shit Trump says and he's your CC
Oh apatow -tell the truth -for once in your life -get out of Oregon gov data center
Like what? Very informative tweet chief!
@seanhannity @RepAdamSchiff  Lizzy Did He say One Bad Word AboutYOU It WAS Not Enough HopefullyHe Aimed At Moronic Liberals & Dumb Democrats
Lol do you mean like virtually every politician & media personnel who name calls fellow Americans? like "deplorables"? #thealtmiddle.net
ALL of Trump's cabinet members have made similar comments. Start focusing on repairing the Democratic Party or 2018 will be lost. #Dems
Why do you think Trump nominated him! Birds of a feather .....
Just one of the boys I suppose. Not shocking.
Just like you do about the Americans who voted for our 45 President. Hypocrisy at its finest.
R u surprised? At this point it's to be expected from him.
You pretended to be Native American to get into Harvard! If that's not ignorant & distasteful of fellow Americans nothing is! #MAGA #Comey
So, he'll fit right in
Birds of a feather....
You mean like the Hillary deplorable comment?
So? You lied about being an American Indian! You're a joke
You mean a military man is kinda mean? Who woulda thought! I always assumed they gave eachother gold stars an safe spaces!
What is the status of the impeachment and Sessions perjury?
He'll fit right in with the other non-qualified picks! Trump repays favors. He doesn't pick staff based on expertise. Drain the swamp? JOKE
Surprise surprise!
And you hate the very same people that Hillary hates.  So much for the power of diversity
Not surprising.
So hasn't Colbert but I don't see you demeaning him?
Colbert is one of her Cronies.  Trump could have nominated the Pope, and she would find (or make up) something wrong
Great!  Another one placed into office.
And you, Hillary, Maxine, and Nancy haven't omg , lying a$$ hypocrite
What a surprise!
Well, so has she, so what's her point?
