Could you provide something we could actually read without the five minute promo video?
Uhh, this was about CPFB arbitration rules, not health care for a change. But it's still about saving Obama's legacy.
Retire
This looks like a ticket to me a very attractive ticket
Obama care is nit affordable,  get government out of health care because government sucks at everything they do.
Ok. Let's just let the rich keep making money off of suffering. This must be regulated just like education or any other public need.
Just letting you know how the ACA has impacted MY family.  NOT bunk.
This post has nothing to do with healthcare. Watch the video.
Creating a bill that would protect people from unfair fees w/large financial institutions translates to Self Promotion in your eyes. Got it.
Please do something. Our country is being destroyed by this man and his gang of disrupters. How many US citizens have to die?
How many US citizens have to die before Congress does something to rid us of this fraud?
The nations dept is over 20 Trillion you an the Dem's including that socialist B Sanders want to increase it with more healthcare, wake up
Oh, my, it's a ticket!
Our great champion the Senior Senator of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts: Elizabeth Warren
Democrats working for the American people and not big business. Thank you.
For all the bad that has come from these political times, citizen engagement is up! Thanks for this video. it helps!
Meathead
Warren Franken
........hmmm.....I like the sound of that !
This woman needs a muzzle. I cannot stand her and would never vote for her if she ran for potus
Try listening to the words vs. the voice. She is not wrong. Will lose right to challenge financial institutions if they overcharge you.
This is a montage of idiots.
Thank you Sen Warren for fighting for our rights against BIG businesses
Good luck in your fight tomorrow. Binding arbitration stinks. We consumers thank you.
"Red" alert?? Is that a joke Lizzy??
Jerk
Trump has forgotten Puerto Rico! Let's fill leadership gap-get aid to PR!! Ppl of color need help in PR!! Don't be distracted by the clown!
Sounds like our President is doing a lot, what have YOU done, you racist??
You two should be the explainers-in-chief for all the hard stuff!
Yes, and I don't trust Rand Paul.
Senator: I shudder to think what it would be like to be living through the Trump nightmare without you in the senate.
I see a future President and Vice President. @SenWarren @alfranken
Oh please run.  Please!
True words for providing me with peace of mind
Good!
ITS ABOUT THAT TIME 
Repeal today.  I’m fed up with the penalty for something that’s outrageously expensive and worthless. Co pays &  premiums are out of control
Thank you for everything you do for the people. I work with Disabled people and their loss is also my loss. Patti Paquet-Hathcock QIDP
That's probably why he's picking a fight with the NFL to distract America from this
Politicians have been screwing over the American taxpayer forever. Dems are no better than Repubs... oh and screw Obamacare.
Pocohantes and Frankenstein please run for office in 2020. Four more years of Trump. MAGA!
Red alert  you a communist
Right now I'm sitting here watching this & I just gotsick!! RED ALERT!!
2 nut jobs - please retire and give the democratic party just a little hope of sanity
We are going to demand that you and your other idiot senators all the put on Obama care!
A liar and a wash out comedian! Real great choices for senator's!
Why don't you and Frankenstein get a comedy show and get out of the Congress so we can get something done
I'll call my GOP senators now 
If like permission to attend and address the senate hearing committee on banking. I have Wells Fargo on 13 counts of fraud n can prove it
Puerto Rico needs your help! Get in front of Washington and make it loud and clear. PR needs you make this happen.
When will politicians have the same tax code & healthcare as citizens? You are the 1% you rant about. #Hypocrite
sworn in,the day she torn old Dixie down!
Taking away our right to go to court....wtf?
Yikes!
The fact these two were voted into office speaks volumes about the constituency, and their education systems locally. Those people are dumb
Keep the pressure on to help humanity
Lose the teal blazer, all of your blazers actually.  Stop raiding Hillary Clinton's closet!  Fraud!
Sick minds!
good, i like it...

Free ! Country Music Ringtones http://goo.gl/YZvALJ 
Love you! I know congresspeople track what constituents call about. My ? is how often do they do what the majority want?
@sendavidperdue @JohnnyIsakson @karenhandel better not support the banks over their constituents. You work for us. Do your job!

Stay awake!
Way to keep an eye on things!
They are cute
If you have GOP Reps or Senators - CALL THEM! They're ready to take some more of your rights as a consumer away !! 
Pocahantas knows which side her bread is buttered on.
.@SenWarren PLEASE tell us what we should do! You're my senator so I know I can count on you, but what else?
You’re a goofball, Pocahontas.
Warren and Franken maybe got elected for the same reason Trump did. People are tired of Harvard/Yale business as usual politicians
@Mrkauffman1951J Yikes! That is sly.
I think Elizabeth Warren would be perfect, her running mate, either Bernie Sanders or Al Franken,  HRC and Ms Warren would be perfect also
Quick, send some smoke signals
#democRATS Did u see this?

#TennesseeChurchShooting: #BLACK #Sudanese #Immigrant arrested, #FBI ~ #CivilRights
@SenWarren *hands over eyes* "See what?"
Shaming the Senator for doing her job because a terrible person shot & killed someone? Why does him being black have anything to do w/ it?
Healthcare is not right because "our" president said so. And he only speaks truth. His boys at the White House all confirmed this about him.
It will fail.
#Abolishdemocraticparty
Must say if this is the face of the US Senate, I understand now more than ever why you have a 13% approval rating, do your job!
Nice!
Not sure why you're trolling my likes. Also not sure what you think is "nice" about this video. & your profile pic is grossly misleading.
Can you two be my 2020 ticket?
VOTE HER OUT!!

Thank you for your activism/videos to educate people about  what democracy means in our everyday lives —
We've been on red alert since November mam :-)
Lawyers like it
Thanks for a great explanation given in a decent manner. I appreciate your advocacy @SenFranken and @SenWarren
I agree you so Elizabeth Warren  vote I will support her
It better pass or I am going after the WINTER OLYMPICS next.
Tell that SNL weirdo to GFH.
You're the 1%, you ok with taxes going up

You left out 'Patriotic Citizen'.
4 GOP said they won't vote for it... So it won't pass. No alarm people. Go about your day in peace
Love u both...  Keep up the good work...
You two need a sitcom. Or a presidential campaign. I’m not picky
Warren is a proven liar. She is also extremely corrupt.
So what can I do to vote against this legislation?
We can only vote for our congresspeople, not legislation. Call the people who represent you. They track what people want. But do they do it?
I did not join FaceBook, quit Best Buy & AirBnB, won't join Amazon b/c of horrendous Terms and Conditions. Join & You sign your life away!
Pocahantas speaks, injuns listen, big pow wow coming soon.
Do nothing kings and queens

The American Indians say you are a fraud. Shame on you for pretending to be an Indian to score a Harvard gig smh
Wow. You guys must be desperate to bring up this relic.  I love it #MuellerIsComing
#mulleriscoming
Bye bye trump
Red alert.... oh that's cute.... bahahaha
You suck
God bless both of you!!!
EW is an amazing women. She should be the next president of the US
#FuckYou
Why has greed and corruption so plain to see in our nations congress and senate?  So proud of you, Sen Sanders and several others.
CALL CALL CALL, Democrats, we have to stop this!
This is Hilarious! #MAGA PAY For YOUR OWN COVERAGE. TIRED OF FOOTING THE BILL!
This was good to know. Thanks!
Libtards at their finest 
Thank you for all you do, Senator Warren!
Pocahontas BS again
Omg just embarrassing
We need you for POTUS 2020!!!
Please notice what is happening in #PR Americans are dying, everything is destroyed. https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/9/24/1701125/-3-5-million-Americans-face-disease-death-in-Puerto-Rico-What-the-hell-is-Trump-doing …
Two peas in a pod that's for sure.
@alfranken . Think that was cute video with Senator Warren. Collaborative,  is that same with republican?
PEOPLE WAKE UP! THEY R TAKING OUR RIGHTS AWAY IN THE DARK OF THE NIGHT SINCE JAN.20,2017! FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT 4 ALL OF US!
I LOVE this!! Excellent voter education (and you guys make a good comedy team)
Please run in 2020.  The country needs a good laugh.
#warrenfranken2020

I'm so sorry our country is no longer willing to protect us Americans
Franken stole his seat!!
Bull
OCCUPY!!!  LETS GO PEOPLE!  CALL YOUR SENATORS, EVERY SINGLE ONE!  DONT PUT UP WITH THIS CRAP!
Red Alert Communist have infiltrated the former Democrat Party
Red alert = 5 mins? Distill, please. We're exhausted. And I, for one, really appreciate that you aren't. Thank you, Senator!
I've been exhausted for a year but things are becoming so dire I know I gotta keep fighting, especially for those who can't or are too tired
....says the man who believes in fairly tales.
Reality, wait for the indictments....then a tax cut, then watch Obama Care implode or get flush down toilet!
How is this constitutional?
It doesn't matter, it's republican.
can't wait for you to run in 2020, maybe Al Frankenstein can be your VP, who was Walter Mondale's running can't remember
THIS NUT CASE LIES ABOUT HER BLOOD LINE
Where is the Wells Fargo money? All we got was a case number.
