Trumpcare is devastating for the poor. Seniors. Pregnant women. People w/ pre-existing conditions, mental health & substance use disorders.
Obamacare already has. Time for something new
Yeah dream on Obama care was good
Wow. WOW you think ACA was good? Wake up
Pocahontas....
You are taking from the people yourself.... Personally.
The foolish trumpeters will soon come to realize they have been bamboozled, hoodwinked and literally screwed along with the rest of us.
The rich get richer@ the expense of the poor. These people in power don't give a dam about those who are just trying to make it and feed FAM
That equals the budget of a small country!
He is going to kill us all!
They can go to the tribal medicine man if they have no wampum.
With enough pressure maybe we can a decent bill in the Senate
God damn right!! In defense of the "rich", Obamacare was a $663+ billion tax hike on the middle class.
When are people going to wake up?  That man cares nothing about average people!  Terrifying
thank you for holding  these "officials" accountable for gtheir actions to decimate the hard workers in usa!
Trump healthcare and climate agenda alone will kill more people than the plague
WARREN has proven to be a loser because she uses loser to support her points, DID THE CBO say OBAMA will be dead in 4yr
Trump supporters it's our family's to suffer. He's lied about jobs. Treason corruption lies greed. Save Democracy
So true, he only wants to help the rich
Come on Fauxcohontas. 663 Bil / 23 mil? That is $28,826 per person. Means you think $115,304 for insurance for a family of four is good deal
Disgusting
I don't get why we are looking at 10 years from now...45 won't be there that long...let's fix this now CONGRESS!
Why the hell do we not have leadership, we should b marching at the whitehouse and all the homes of govs and senators
Its all lip service and no action due to poor leadership
#trumpcare needs to be changed to #killallbuttherichcare
CBO? well that does it  for me
how did so many people believe the lies of the republicans to vote trump in? keep the poor bad education
So fix it
What a crock
Sad thing is it feels like not many see that and it's frustrating. What can we do other than get out and replace these representatives?
While Melania Trump struts her glory in a $51,000 jacket in Italy /now that's deplorable!
The same CBO that claimed ObamaCare was "Revenue Neutral? That CBO?
POCAHONTAS ONCE AGAIN : SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP!!!
I can't say that we are shocked in the slightest. Get rid of dRumpcare and take the dRump with it please!
Well Senator, then that means you will get one heck of a tax cut doesn't it? Wish I could say that but I wouldn't be griping. #cot #ccot
Nobamacare is dead.  Had to do something but better than the previous fools plan.
Egad!
This is a lie! Try the truth Pocahontas!
#HopeTrumpHasAHeartAttackSoon
I love my former Senator 
Actually Sen. Warren it's not the end of the story. Why were the 'rich' taxed excessively under the ACA? Is free healthcare an entitlement?
You misspelled "large decrease in theft from Americans".
Blame the American people who voted for him. They know he cheated on his taxes for billions and gets away with it. R u kiddong me? BUM
sad
And Gianforte still wins. I don't get it.
2018 elections beacon. Proceed Republicans. #resist
Get together with Senator Durbin, Illinois loves him and what he stands for.
Line item reporting is so misleading! Actual impact is >121M. Updated full CBO 14+19+23+65M Congress est. denied for preexisting conditions.
Such malicious calculation from @GOP Its like watching a serial killer planning his process.
LIAR! You are not even on Obamacare, Your friend Pelosi made sure you crooks had what you call "Cadillac" insurance! #FakeNews
So let's understand the true impact of #Trumpcare. The ACA added 20 million to  health care rolls & trump care will remove 23 million, WHAT?
So use Bitcoin to fund it
We R the ignorant ones! We R still foolishly calling it a HC Bill! It NEVER was a HCB! We deserve whatever we get bc we mimic BIBS semantics
In other news, insurance costs $30,000 per person (just divide the numbers).
It is not the Job of the Federal Government to be in Health Care.
Scary how many
Does seem that way doesn't it
Thank you for #protectourcare #BCD2020

Down with hobos
We need you and Bernie in the most powerful positions of government. This IS the dystopian future we feared.
What happened to #NotMyPresident representing main street America Thank you Elizabeth @SenWarren for all you do for all
You only get kicked off if you don't pay, you should know this.
Elizabeth for PRESIDENT!
And what is your plan to correct Obama Care?
Aetna is gone. CBO says many millions will also lose coverage under current plan. Suggestions?
It's touching, how many Trump supporters are willing to die for him.
Can it be stopped? Or over turned!
@nwchap What are ypu going to do about it? Please.
🖒
Disgusting & a major dis-service 2 all USA citizens. Govt employees have healthcare 4 life-The elite 1% pay their own. #MiddleClass #Screwed
The # is too small. 65 yr old on Medicare w/62 yr old wife who gets cancer. Watch her die? Bankrupt? Nobody with a family gets sick alone.
If you ever said anything true we might have given you the benefit of a doubt.
She's a NUT job
this is bullshit

KARMA will vote the @GOP out of work in 2018!! Put them all in hourly minimum wage jobs with NO benefits!! 
Heartless.
It would make a lot more sense to work with fixing pieces within the ACA that need attention; AHCA is just downright unpalatable.
Of course!
So terribly sad!!
More Fake News, read the WSJ article for an accurate review.
Please keep up the pressure and good work. Thank you!
I am choosing to take credit for this as if you were speaking directly to me:

I accept yr thanks
No it's not the end of story well , yours maybe.
Chi wrong always and obama care bankrupting country you teller of half truths liar and prevaricate brains of an ostrich
OBI
********! #TrumpCare
If the rich want another big tax cut, they could kick some aircraft carriers or buggy weapons systems off instead.
This absolutely turns my stomach.  It is very obvious to me this hurts our poorest citizens which includes my sister who is dying of COPD.
Mrs. Warren.... please, for the Love Of God...... please run for POTUS in 2020
Make America Whole Again
trump FEARS You
We have to fight this
It's a joke how can USA be called leader of the free world wen it gov won't give citizens rights to health care like us n other countries
The people are not getting kicked off you liar! They are CHOOSING to drop their overpriced, underused policies.
Is just not right!
NOW ALL OF A SUDDEN CBO SAYS SOMETHING AND WE TAKE IT LIKE ITS GODS WORDS.  YOU PEOPLE THINK WE ARE STUPID
CBO HAS NEVER BEEN RIGHT YET!!!!!
Not really feeling America's greatness right now.
This is same CBO that predicted huge TRILLION savings under Obamacare; over 24 million US citizens will NOT afford ACA GOING FORWARD. End!
Stop your lies
We. See. You. @RepTrentFranks @freedomcaucus
What's your solution to the Obamacare abortion?
you see the republicanT party ROBBING the elderly,the vfw,the poor,the minorities. ALL for this EVIL 1%. republicanTs ALL unconstitutional
Treasonous don't you think.
Can you say "single payer"
This is ludicrous. Stay on their case senator. We need you.
How is it that you lousy  Democrats can twist the truth around every time
51 million altogether.
Why are you getting involved in our political process?  You have the same right as a Russian. None
Are you referring to me?
Yes you are Canadian this whole thing is none of your business. No offense to you as a person.
I found it an interesting opinion on American politics, which I retweeted. That is not interfering in your election.
If you pointed out all the "liberal celebrities" that will get tax breaks, poor R's might see the light? some light?
Math is an elitist plot
#VoteHerOut
That's not actually what they said.  Why do you make it so hard to like you, even with these clowns steering the ship?
making America great again for who????
Wonder if that's why they tried 2push it through super fast; so they wouldn't hv the pesky CBO score ruining thr plans & calling them liars.
Maybe Ms.Warren should investigate the fraud in Medicaid... probably enough savings there to cover required cuts. Doubt Dems will do that..
You act like you care.  As soon as all of congress has to have exact same coverage as us, you'll fix it. That should be the plan.
RT 
Wrong way Warren. CBO also said it will lower premiums and cover those with major health issues.
Written by a CLINTON crony,  Phoney
Why do you demonize the rich? Why are they somehow responsible to care for the rest of our society?
Mostly because they pay politicians to make laws for them so the poor always stay poor. #legalrobbery #bankbailouts #autobailouts
I think we should demonize politicians who went to DC on the promise they are there to work for us They all "want to build the middle-class"
I think we should demonize any politician who makes a bunch of claims while running for office & then when elected does the exact opposite.
Shocking surprise, Elizabeth. What do these boneheads have against everyone having affordable, accessable health care? Your thoughts?
That's  $28,826 per person. Seems a bit high to me (unless that's multiple years of coverage). Or is this also tax increase?
That's the message here, we need to VOTE to get some decency back on our systems. the swamp is not longer a swamp is 2 levels beyond that
VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE!!!
You just confirmed your lack of understanding of Obamacare and basic economics of finance. Another reason you should not be in government.
My son has epilepsy now I have to wonder will he be able to get insurance to get the medicine he needs when he is off my insurance? Scared!
At least the republicans are consistent..... more's the pity!
5.7 million to 6.0 million Jews died after WWII. How many will history record of the USA regarding this?
It makes me curious just how many rich people will benefit vs how many not-rich will suffer. What's the ratio?
then put under caption cost. Who lose HC and who pays more and how much millionaires tax cut is
Please keep fighting for us!
How do I get my senators in North Carolina to listen? @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr  please listen
Shame on anyone who seriously considers supporting this at the expense of the least of us. Matthew 25:42-45
Not surprised at all
Another liberal lie, I think she wrote the book on tell whoopers of lies...
Disgrace if this happens. Don't let it please
No one is getting kicked off.  Most of the 23 million are people CHOOSING to not buy insurance you forced them to do.  #scaretactics
about 10 million benefited, at the detriment of 320 million. Other 10 million business paid for.  You know the facts, yet lie about them.
End of your story we hope
Thanks for watching out for us.   But did we expect anything more than that from them?
I hope that people will vote with their feet when the time comes.  Some of our politicians think they can do anything without repercussions.
Should make for an interesting mid term election.
Senator, I know you can't say this publicly, but I can: he's a prick.
Ugggh the pain the pain. I'm  emotional drained with this Administration.
Please.. Can't Democrats put forth a national health care bill for ALL? Just imagine how people & vets would support it? No need for VA.
At this moment in time I am thankful I am a vet after being diagnosed with cancer and seeing how much it was costing me under medicare.
I'm so sorry about your diagnosis, I'm an army brat & 3 yr. cancer survivor with a TBI. All they're looking at is premiums & Ins. profit.
Thank you. And yes, the American health system is a crock.
You madam are a liar all your information is totally incorrect
LIAR, LIAR & again I say LIAR
The 23M will choose not to purchase.
Remember the above comes to you from the all truthful Pocahontas
Screw the Republicans; Trump, McConnell, Ryan, et. al
Dumbest dem senator empty wheel barrels make the most noise her constituents must not recognize willful ignorance
What about the thousands who can't afford the ACA prices & coverage???
The Confederacy of Dunces justifies their greed due to fear of loosing control. They've swallowed their own medicine
Not surprised at all.
Yep. Our rigged political system is working delightfully well for the 1%
Don't forget an 850% premium increase for older Americans.
What about our deficit do we have to continue to spend until we have nothing? Is that what you want Senator???
Cuts, ignorance of what's national security. An embarrassment to all. How much more?
Despicable.
Democrats are so mad and idiotic! So glad Trump is our President!
How will you defend this @repgregwalden? Discredit CBO? Kill the messenger? Your bill is a travesty & Oregonians/Americans deserve better.
Just like me, those  people can buy insurance if they want it.  If it's a priority they will have it.
Woot more Trump hate... Curious what did Trump do than makes him more vile than the Pedophiles you people never attack?
The rich know how to take care of themselves
Oh you are such an angry person Elizabeth! We do wish it was the end of your stories. Please!!!
Didn't they also say my premiums would go down under Obama care. I believe the CBO as much as I believe senator Warren.
You are evil....
Beth cbo said Obamacare would be stable now and more enrolled by now. What say you Beth about that!
God forbid people keep their OWN money they earned. God forbid people pay for their OWN insurance.
CBO is right how many times ??
Sick and tired of the GOP passing irresponsible legislation. Must be fixed, this is life/death. Many countries succeed. Us?  No!
This is so WRONG
@SpeakerRyan funny your interpretation of facts is going to tank the GOP.
Great warrior in the sky will be most pleased.  Like your ancestors, Sitting Bull, Geronimo, and Blue Duck...keep fighting the pale faces
Don't tell @GregForMontana that, he'll body slam you
Fake outrage and facts - This will cut the deficit and give Middle class Tax Paying legal Americans affordable options. DNA Test yet??
@realDonaldTrump just like the deplorable budget proposal, #TrumpCare has a clear message from our #LiarInChief = I represent the 1% #Resist
