The best president?!Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
How "bot" you are! History will prove what e1 knows. Obama was best pres in mod history & trump is the worst. Congrats on ing a dumb fuck!
Hey Warren, if ur so brilliant, let’s here ur plan for rebuilding an ISLAND. Can’t just drive thing in no can u. Shut up quit grandstanding
Eliz...what do you say about all the aid found in the dumpsters in PR?
@SenWarren is a 1%er that needs to do her job!!! In Massachusetts !!! #MAGA #realDonaldTrump
Sadly, you will have to tell him what his job is first.
He's responsible for deaths in California and Puerto Rico. His response to these crises is near mute & demonstrates an inexperienced leader
I am not a Trump fan but blaming him for deaths of national disasters is offbeat. He didn't make it happen. As pres he can only do so much.
His inept and/or slow response and bad reporting makes him guilty as seated POTUS.
Oh Julie Julie, go help go make a difference that's what people who are concerned do, what are you doing to help Jules?
What have you donated to? I donated to @chefjoseandres who did a better job than the Red Cross . How about you? #PuertoRicoRelief
Why are you talking and  not there helping, get your hands dirty before criticizing  others, people like you is what created division
Actually people like you attacking someone without knowing their story is what causes divide. If you read all the posts she donated a lot.
Those who give and give  from the Heart don't talk about is, ask Jim Brown
What would u know about someone NOT doing their job? By the way, did u repay people of America for the $$ you got 4 lying about ur heritage?
Sounding like a true politician, reading from a written script and really has no clue what is or isn't going on in Puerto Rico.
? She's surrounded by locals in Puerto Rico? Most of whom are still fucked cause #Trump ignore them... #Resist #Impeach
Those protesting don't seem to be hurting too bad and one would think they would have plenty to do in helping with cleanup to be attending a protest in the first place. I know I wouldn't stop with the cleanup efforts to listen to Sen. Warren.
I think if Texas was without 80% electricity there would be riots in the street. But that would ok right? Because they are white?
Why do people have to keep playing the race card. People are people, get out and help instead of trying too spread hate. Js
I was highlighting the fact this scenario in PR would be extremely unlikely if they were all white. I stand by this. Not spreading hate tho
Weren't you talking about getting students our from under school loan debt? Do your job.
She is clearly just trying to do the right thing and help people desperately in need. Something @POTUS clearly doesn't know anything about!
You mean the people throwing aid into dumpsters?
Costatando mal manejo y desperdicio de alimentos  y provisiones destinados a nuestra gente en Patillas. 
Mi espanyol un pochito - so I have no idea what you mean by this tweet hombre..
She's busy blaming Trump instead of asking why local officials are screwing over the people.
I find that essentially impossible to believe - sounds like something #Trump would say..
So the "aid" Trump didn't send them is sitting in a garbage dumpster in PR... and you are ok with that... got it.
I doubt that is even the bulk of a real news story.. but I'm sure #Trump doesn't care about anyone in PR at all. He is a disgrace to mankind
All of you do your jobs!!! Stop twitter fighting and work for the people that voted you in, not your special interests. Please!
Amazing that he gets away with such incompetency each day huh? #Resist #Impeach
Who is at fault for this incompetency?
Costatando mal manejo y desperdicio de alimentos  y provisiones destinados a nuestra gente en Patillas. 
Do your job 
Do you object to people helping people in need?
No that's why I said do your job do you that's what they were chanting do your job that means fight if u didn't no
Sorry I'm confused :) - ah you were supporting her and saying it to #Trump? That's ok then 
I feel you  crazy
He doesn't know how.
#SadButTrue
Help us out and do your job and get him the fugg outta there pls.
Love,
Reasonable Citizen
Valid point, but I'm guessing she would do anything to get rid of him no? 
Let me say I agree with you. Now it's time for the Democratic Leaders to also do their job and get out of hiding.  Where are you?
He hasn't done a damn thing since day one, why does anyone think he'll do it now?  25th amendment time yet?
Pocahontas the liar!
He can't. He has absolutely no idea how to go about doing that.
She is not smart enough, besides she is another Democrat Pathological lier
How about you LEARN SOME FACTS! PR infrastructure was failing before the storm. Corruption was thick. Quit lying!
Incompetent
And what is yours COMRADE!!!!!
He knows his job lying skank. You need to learn yours
1500 CG on the ground. Food and supplies distribution. Only ppl to sabotage in PR are Dems and unions. You must know more on subject b4 talk
People do some research. ....there finding supplies thrown away ...please please stop the political crap and tell people the truth.

Thanks for the video share....maybe this will help the misinformed
No prob :)
Yes Yes !!!
You Elizabeth embarrass me as a woman. You've done nothing that has ever helped me in my life time but President Trump has in less than 1yr.
What  helpful thing did he do exactly?
He doesn't know what his damn job is...
So what would you have done and how quickly do you think you could get the place at 100%
And still he persists in not doing anything.  #NotMyPresident  Tomorrow: Still he persisted in not doing anything. Next day:  Still....
This senator is a joke.
Ask Warren if her high cheek bones and story's STILL make her a Native American Indian. How about a DNA test ?
I would like to see DNA test results on her.
Let me know when you finally unfuck the red line in Boston. You know the transport system that people who don't live in mansions ride on
Bary's response to Natural Disaster's was far worse, and you criticize Trump ? And you didn't say a word when Bary went to play golf ?!

Yes, Hillary would have had a new electrical grid in, Right pocahontas?
@realDonaldTrump Release your #TAX #TaxReturns per #Americans people #uspoli.
If your reading tweets your not doing your job Elizabeth Warren get to work
That is one very small crowd!
Can we also talk about? How long will  Flint still have dirty f****** drinking water?
Trump isn’t going to do his job...@SenWarren YOU SHOULD DO HIS JOB!
He has had FEMA there for weeks.
Exactly! Glad we’re on the same page! #ImpeachTrump
I don't think you understand what I just said. FEMA is only there because of him.
For real! Thanks for understanding Ryan. Let’s impeach him.
I didn't know Puerto Rico was a state?! when did that happen?!
@senwarren "She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted"...and kicked out #maga
And hen will you do your job, @SenWarren ? You like to talk but that is a cheap commodity in your ranks. You're busy thinking of reelection
Wow, Pocahontas followers are really stupid!. And nasty!
You might want to listen to the Governor of PR. You & the lying media are irresponsible. Mayor of San Juan is corrupt as hell.
You sound like the old America... like a Roosevelt, like a Reagan. Thank you for reminding us of our true American soul.
liar liar liar liar liar
This is so obviously done against PR, INTENTIONALLY... as an American I am ashamed of what isn't done for PR. Humiliation
This is #DotardDonnie's Katrina and now with the deaths in Niger, we have his Benghazi. In under a year! #TrumpIsTheWorstPresidentEver
He is doing his job and when HTC , WJC and BHO are in jail @ POTUS will have done 1 hell of a job !!
He doesn’t know how to do that job. He needs to be impeached.
Meanwhile DJT hasn't missed 1 wknd of golf or lost 1 wink of sleep while  1/2 country flooded, 1/2 on fire, ppl dying & he Couldnt care less
Take some meds and go directly to bed...ya all are about to be out...#Primary. We are done with the #DNC and the corruption you ppl allowed!
This one’s for you Sen Warren
We’re in NJ and we had a minor hurricane and not nearly as much damage and we still have problems in NJ.Wheres ur magic wand for us?Wave it.
Why start now?
Shameful that it is taking so long
Thanks for all you do!
 Don’t believe NPR, a lot of us old white guys voted for you.
Trump, do your job

The death toll keeps rising with each passing day. There re still people without the ability to get food or water or medical attention
That is an out and out LIE! You MSM watching fools fall for their BS so easily!
Respectfully you're wrong. There are people spread all over that island that still can't get food or water, I have been out there, I've seen
PR sec of state did a video of him standing in a dumpster full of MRE's and water. Are they taking tourists in PR now?
Honey if you want Puerto Rico saved......take your money, get your ass down there and do some saving. Or......shut up.
Sorry you got triggered honey. Your shadow is showing.
SENATOR WARREN YOUR APPALLING & DISGUSTING: for trying to politicize the disaster in PR! Local officials there are impeding relief not US!
Where is Puerto Rico's government?
How did they bankrupt their country?
The president also can't make labor crews work any harder to restore utilities to a public infrastructure that was extremely antiquated.
Hypocrites, the DP did nothing about the Vulture funds that bleed Puerto Rico instead of allowing them to file for bankruptcy long b4 Trump
Is this old lady still alive .

Puerto Rico's secretary of state filmed this in a dumpster.. AID thrown away & mishandled & they blame @POTUS 
POCAHONTAS IS A LIAR...Check What’s Been Found in Puerto Rico Dumpsters
https://www.oathkeepers.org/fbi-finds-fema-supplies-trash-container/ …
US military should have gotten to outlying areas with copters food & water drops, meds needed,move sick to uss comfort, evacuate to mainland
But but.... can you say Uranium Hillary (yr girlfriend) What Happened ?
#RussianMoney to the Clinton Foundation  #Fact
Trump does NOT know his Job!!
He doesn’t know how because being president is waaaayyyy above his head
Same angry voice. Same divisive message.
He doesn’t have the skill, knowledge or demeanor to do his job as POTUS.
Lizzie, how bout you quit your bitchin and do YOUR job! With all your tweeting you don’t have time to work!!
Good luck getting a response from that moron. It ain't gonna happen.
Elizabeth,you are embarrassing yourself on a daily basis,you are a loon! Please just go away if you can't be rational and professional!!
Never let a tragedy go to waste huh? ....Take your evil politics and shove it up your ________(fill in the blank)
Seems shafting non billionaires; golfing & tweeting are his priorities. Bet T has NOTHING in his goody bag for ordinary people.DISGRACEFUL!
He can’t. Trump is a total nutjob incapable in doing great things. Trump can only divide and destroy
The fist gesture st the end of speech indicates your agenda. Deal with MA roads first. And submit your DNA... for the roots
Why not call out @CarmenYulinCruz who lied about aid?  Those who threw aid away?  @POTUS is doing his job, your aren’t!
Don't hold your breath, Elizabeth.
No..Hold your Breath...please !!
Why are you not in #Massachusetts  Vote #Diehl for # senator
Your a joke Warren.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Do your job and stop obstructing
Crazy is as crazy does
Wow really and tell me the last time you did anything to help the American people
He stokes his little base every day. That's all he knows how to do. That's all he wants to do.
Fat chance.
Sooooooo you're going to run for president blaming everyone else? Hmm, didn't the dems just run an old white woman who blames everyone else?
Do your job !!!! For the American people you bitch!!
@SenWarren do your job.
FAKE INDIAN Elizabeth warren on the War Path with all her BULLSHIT! Why dont you go and Help instead of Bitching about every thing.
TRUMP DOES HIS JOB YOU LIKE BERNIE JUST HOT AIR AND LIES
U need 2B taken out of office-ur not helping the ppl-ur 2 obsessed w/creating & repeating lies to support ur sick agenda-it’s irresponsible
Ugh...Princess LizaLot she lie a lot...Ugh! Takum look LizaLot own #DemoKKKratGhetto Slaughter Range Land...worsum Custers Last Stand!
Maybe the fake native American should do her job for Ma. Instead of running for POTUS
Senator Warren has already proven her NA heritage time and time again with her high cheekbones. If that's not enough proof, nothing will be.
you are the http://bomb.com  senator warren. i wish i could vote for you for something
And you do yours.  Which at this point is nothing
Warren you have so fake and stupid words coming out of your mouth. Some streets are flooded. Do you expect Trump to part the water? Get real
One thing I'm learning about Puerto Rico is it's a cesspool of corruption.
He doesn't know his job.
He believes his job is to profit from the Office of POTUS. All he wants to do is forward his brand. #RESIST and #ImpeachTrump
He's going through hell. I think he was doing just fine before he became president. Y'all need to come out of the spell. 
Wishful thinking @SenWarren No alternative #ImpeachTrumpNow Trump is dangerous to America! @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner @SenatorBurr @MSNBC
Ppl.Suck .QUIT Blaming PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Lizzie DO YOUR JOB!  It was your progressive comrades that ran the PR infrastructure into the ground not Maria.
Warren you suck


Is this a real Tweet?  Did the delivery guy not come today?
Democrats are destroying people's lives with Opioids.
He. Doesn’t. Care. Trump stiffs kids with cancer and gold star parents.
Gold star families who politicize their dead kids because they bought in to a corrupt narrative deserve no sympathy
Pocahontas do yours!
Good speech Senator.
What about St John ?
What the hell have you done for us here in MA? Not a damn thing. Go AWAY...far AWAY!
All Pocahontas want to do is complain and not do anything constructive
All past fema directors gave Trump an A+.  So you critique ha xero weight. Why not donate all your increased stock value to PR.. Trump money
Looks like Lieawatha is on the war path again.
Stop being such a divisive bitch.
CHIEF  BIG MOUTH  Has SPOKEN!!!
Trump's never HAD a real job. Too old to learn how to work. @potus @realDonaldTrump
Please, Please keep attention on this Humanitarian disaster. If we can't contribute money, what can we do like boots on the ground?
Senator Warre, do your job and cut the military budget to pay for progressive policies, why would you vote for a $700 billion increase
Do your job Pocahontas
Your getting voted out @SenWarren

Puerto Rico's secretary of state filmed this in a dumpster.. AID thrown away & mishandled & they blame @POTUS 
He can't. He's unfit.
You have the power, @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP 
Impeach this monster trump.
Please stop your lying and blaming!!!
Hope you run in the next election!
Support for all US citizens 
Elizabeth ..SIT DOWN and SHUT UP!!!!!

@SenWarren - Worry about your shitty state
PLEASE HELP We are raising money for Solar Power for Puerto Rico. Click to Donate:  https://gofund.me/dyy8f-solar-power-for-puerto-rico?pc=tw_cr_n … via @gofundme
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? Then watch this video
Seems your only job is to criticize

Maybe the local leadership needs to their job
FBI investigating complaints of alleged misappropriation of FEMA supplies 4 Puerto Rico: “Mayors of local municipalities, or people associated with their offices, are giving their political supporters special treatment, goods they’re not giving to other people who need them.”
How about you do your job Lizzy?!! SMH 
POT, MEET KETTLE!
and what exactly are you doing to help?
You damn right! Sessions needs to remove Mueller who clearly has a conflict of interest. And they need to re-open the investigation on HRC
isn't your job Warren to worry about your own constituents?  You're not the Secretary of State
#doyourjob Problem is, he is doing his job
the thing (no longer deserves even the title of "man" is very busy eating KFC.
And what legislation have you proposed to help PR?? Though so. Sit down and take your dementia meds
I know about the cabal. the education system and curriculum overhaul. you're gunna pay dearly you fake Pocacuntus
It's not the president's job to make Puerto Rico livable after a hurricane.
What about our own State we can't even get roads fixed on time.
Do your job before you lose it, swamp critter. Where's your loin cloth and headdress?
Word
Do your job
That's what patriots do
Thank @SenWarren for standing up for us!! #PuertoRicansAreAmericans 
When does the "I alone can fix it" go into effect?

when you support someone who sabotages the much needed help, you are the enemy of the People.
Lizzy, how many years have you done absolutely nothing?  DO YOUR JOB!
#warren2020
You need help
I hope he's listening and not tweeting some ridiculous response , remember all lives matter
Lip service do your job
Lieawatha, DO YOUR JOB
Sen Warren is a grandstanding fool, she does absolutely nothing to help but tour the country screeching 
Elizabeth, put up or shut up
TAKE UR MEDS....
Are you Hispanic now?
Did I just see her throw up a fist like the black lives matter people do, WOW!
Hey Liz, dig out "our relief" from their dumpsters!
#research
#psc101 why hasn’t Trump done anything? Does it have to do with Federalism? Still confused on the delay if it isn’t bc of federalism
that video makes me want to buy a drone quadcopter. i know off topic, beautiful shots only available with a drone
Love you @SenWarren but how do you get this POS out of the WH?!
Ur continuous attacks on the POTUS is out of control-it is not ur job to create fear w/ppl just because a Rep won & u don’t like it...
So, are your expectations that we go in and completely rebuild a country that was already broken down....and do it in a few short weeks???
This is complete propaganda that is full of lies.  You should be ashamed!!
He never will. #ImpeachTrump
Wow... that was very informative.
Why should he start now? He's doing fine not having a clue how to do his job. Get used to it. Nothing will change with this loser.

Just so I'm clear:
@realDonaldTrump 's job: Give aid to people in distress
@SenWarren 's job: Assess Trump's job performance
Aaaaaand, action!!
#RussianBribery #DemocratPaytoPlay
YOU are telling HIM to do HIS job? All you do is bash him. You travel to bash him. Is that really YOUR job? I thought you had constituents?
Quit yours!
Or resign, he should really resign.
Quit yours, you aren’t that good at it.
