@plaidlawnchair @POTUS @USDOL please keep speaking the truth. Many thanks.
Thank you, too!
Warren you are on
Warren you are only interested in Elizabeth and what she can put in your pocket
Why the hell is it good for financial advisors not to be held accountable for working in clients' best interest?
continue to screw the middle class and below.
how can we require anything less? People won't save for retirement if they can't trust advisors.
that's not a requirement already. Why do we need to pass "don't be a dick" laws?
Because dicks.
well when the biggest douche of them all runs the country unchallenged what can we expect?
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
oooh such an angry man
hahahahahahahahaha!
For someone looking out for "Forgotten Man" it's amazing how much he's done for Wall Street Man instead.
This is #SadLittleMan who is going to have our back? Only concern is for Wall Street & Wealthy.
@Betterment @POTUS @USDOL good thing trump is looking out for the little guy...haha
How about people get educated and not just hand over your money blindly.
Using banks & investing in 401K's is not "just handing over your money blindly".
It is if you don't understand the fee structure.
best interests.  Unless of course  you're Bernie Madoff wanabee.
You're assuming that most advisors don't already work in the best interest of their clients. Limited view.
unscrupulous. Too many times I've seen advisor's convince client’s to borrow w/assurance of huge payoff &/or
yup, 45 and the GOP working for the people
哈哈哈哥哥哥哥风格
Laura@WomanVotes
That's like giving them a license to rip us off!
Thank you for your efforts.
republicans are going to watch you pull your remaining hair out Elizabeth
Go home to your 5 million$ mansion Pocahontas. You have nothing in common with the average person.
this only hurts the clients that would assume a financial advisor works in their best interests
Most advisors act in the best interest of their clients all ready. Too bad politicians DON'T. Advisor for 45 yrs.
what is ridiculous is most of the work has already been done by retirement administrators!
can't expect what good for the people when Potus can line his pockets with money.
What happened to the party of family values? Republicans now ok letting the Bernie Madoffs rip off Americans! Wow
Why be an obstructionist?  Are you just pandering to your very angry base?
Consumer protection is out the window for the next 4 years. If you aren't a millionaire you don't count now.
how do you get past feeling like your voice doesn't matter? I lose my impetus!
it is totally insane that advisers have to be TOLD to act in their clients' best interests!
keep on diggin your re election grave hunny. ;)
Heinous
Pandering to the Seasoned Citizen... You should be ashamed of yourself. True to form. Hit em low E.
also I'm still shocked (years later) from finding out this rule didn't exist. Fiduciary duty, anyone?!
which I'm sure Is his plan.
I thought they were already supposed to?  and of course many don't.  Not sure how another reg helps
They are their clients.
- You see, they want more $ not your best interests. They are vultures.
he's not a legitimate president. We keep acting like he is.
because no one can run an honest business, right?  You're off the reservation again.
stay on top we need ur voice
is is so telling that there needs to be a rule requiring financial advisors to act in their client's best interests
I am a Registered Investment Advisor and we already have Fiduciary responsibility to our clients!
How about this. Let's make a ruling that the Congress work in the best interests of its citizens or get fined? Hmmm
I count on my retirement fund and live off of it. Keep the rule for the clients' best interest!!! >:(
Of course it does. Only concerned with Wall Street friends and the 1%. Nothing done for the lower and middle class
yes mom! Work in our interests!
Exactly according to their plan.
Workers rights & bargaining power have been under attack, moore than 30y, & it shows in benefits & pay #resist
Well, some of the responses are clearly from those who work in the field of personal finance on a commission basis.
it's simple. Put a cap on commissions for purchases in retirement accounts. Most advisors already going fee base
stop the 10% annuity commissions by insurance guys and you fix most of the problem
Aren't people shocked to discover that retirement advisers are not required to act in their best interest?
as usual you completely ignore the "unintended" consequences so you can vote mine
Sen Warren you stand for everything that is wrong with our country .   I am ashamed you speak for people in USA
And the fact that we NEED that rule paints another picture of what is wrong with America.
please the American workers are going to get royally screwed.
get out of it
Just a another way to cost us money and make someone else rich. Thieves.
American's afraid of watching their country being sold to the highest bidder should Support Elizabeth LOUDLY!
So it looks like the Republican party is bought & put in2 office by the Koch Bros.This is the land of Koch's notUS @POTUS @USDOL
GOP have created a class of swindlers and cheats called retirement financial advisors. Always money before country.
Of all the things he has done, this may well be the most egregious.
lying agsin lizzy
you have put to many fees and requirements on them. Just trying to take a dollar from the working man.
making beds in a burning house.
Elizabeth, you know we're going to get screwed. His train will just have to derail itself. It sucks.
can you hide that pen?   And take  away his phone?
please run for President in 2020!
it actually benefits the advisor and not the family
you don't like @POTUS style. But is not stupid and he is president of the United States. Would you or not. I cut him some slack
cut him no slack. And being president doesn't mean he is a king. He works for us. Or he should.
that rule is about to get the same treatment that Putin's enemies get
You r a do nothing Senator, who throws out discrediting remarks with NO facts!
The empty vessel speaks the loudest!
Facts mean nothing to you people. What's the point? Just like YOUR  POTUS
its hard to believe its necessary to legislate such obvious decency.
And in other news Donald Trump signs into a law a new requirement that requires poor women to eat their young.
"new @USDOL rule requiring retirement advisers to act in their clients’ best interests" It boggles the mind!
Would you expect anything different?
con artist @realDonaldTrump potus wants to encourage con artist financial advisors to take advantage of citizens
any chance you could help with the metering CAP on solar power in your home state?
What a loss you took today with DeVos confirmation.  Big hit to Teachers Union.  Get on the bus or get run over.
why? I thought he was fighting for everyone???
He forgot? Could it be Alzheimer's? Like Reagan had during his term ? We're not that lucky, are we
I wish...
#GOP do not care.  He will get through the nomination.  They are loaded with #hypocrisy
If you run for president, Trump is guaranteed a second term.

@SenWarren @POTUS @USDOL
Shhhhhh. Keep that one under your hat (or headdress as the case may be).
Can you believe the Trump Admin?  How can retirement advisors be allowed to act OTHER than in best int of clients?
sad to think that children, the sick, & the elderly are the first ones affected by our new "leader" #DumpTrump
It's an #oligarchy and #presidentbannon is behind the wheel.
How can this one be defended.  Working in clients' best interest shouldn't be debateble.  Anyone??
Barkin' up the wrong tree sister. Ask @larouchepac
Every move he makes is just him trying to BUY friends.  You can't please all the folks all the time Mr. Trump!!!
any more fight on this @BetsyDeVos corruption?
Why would you do this, @POTUS? Are you intent on screwing every worker in the US one way or another?
We ARE THE MAJORITY!! HELLO & SNAP ! WE WON !   POCAHONTA'S  GET BUFFALO ASS OFF SEAT! YOUR SCALPED
Thank you or fighting for us @SenWarren. U must b exhausted. Im exhausted watching. Cheering u on
yes she dhould retire
...What??????
imagine that.
Sending messages we already know.  Get on board with us to fight this guy, cause nothing is going to work.  Democracy is gone.
Why isn't this shit illegal?
because kleptocrats don't give a damn about their constituents and actively fight honest politicians.
PLEASE do this https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/congress-has-the-power-to-obtain-and-release-trumps-tax-returns/2017/02/07/aa53254c-ea63-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html?tid=ss_tw-amp&utm_term=.94adcf7841c9 …  @POTUS wants nuclear show him nuclear
Keep it up Senator. Fight!
.@SenWarren @POTUS @USDOL Yep, it's pretty ridiculous. It's no secret that the GOP despises Dodd-Frank. How do we #resist?
Boo! Hiss!
if my advisor is not acting in my best interest I fire them. No need for more regulation and beurocrats.
You're getting voted out in 2018.
I hope not.
Welcome to the new America: a dictatorship.
im taking my money and putting it under my mattress 
coffee can days are ahead
You saw your latest polls in your home state, right?  Better move towards the middle or you will fall of the left cliff.
don't speak common sense. It confuses people.
Oh well...I'm the idiot that misspelled "off" so there is that... ;)
I can't say anything. I've spelling things wrong all day.
Figures...
This is only bad if you're the client.
