I was happy to join today's kickoff celebration of the Boston Harbor Dredging Project – deepening the harbor to allow bigger ships.
The Boston Harbor Dredging Project will create jobs, improve the passage of goods, & improve Boston's long-term economic competitiveness.
So why did you not protect our local fishermen?
From over fishing or from the big companies getting to make the big hauls?
No protecting their local licenses rather than outsiders from the region come in
You are so right, we need a new President
So Thankful I am not Massachusetts resident.  Nothing good about that stinkin state - not even Cape Cod!  Warren sucks- progressive lib 
We are thankful as well here in MA. Cape smells great this time of year & Warren rocks!
They should also be thinking about plaaning a se wall against sea level rise that is to come int he next 30-50 years.  Look to Netherlands.
Do you really think that would work against world wide rising seas?
Please keep up the fight for single payer
Who is the we that needs to invest in the Boston harbor.
You make me sick to my Stomach when you speak I can't tell you how disappointed I am
Will this project stir up any heavy metals, old chemicals, hazardous materials? Oh, you can make book on that. Where will it be stashed?
You mean the way POTUS wants to invest in infrastructure??  Nice of you to agree with him.
A wall is not infrastructure.
It certainly is!
Anyone calling Warren by that stupid name shows clearly their own ignorance & small, mean spirit.
Then stop taking the money and blowing it in frivilous nonsense.
Go Liszt: Mickey Gamez 20926, Spring TX 77388 go UH
Hope you will work with POTUS on his infrastructure plans.
Trump, "Hey guys, what does 'infrastructure' mean?"
The same Colonial Era that ushered in Slavery? White Pride and Racism is showing.
Do you have any union statues I find them very offensive if you do take them down
Are you still condemning Israel?
Port of Boston was the second or third largest importer of slaves in US history next to NY and Charleston, SC.#boycott
At least sitting swaw is finally on Massachusetts other coast ? Remember ????
350 million to dig 7 feet down? When we already have 80% of shippers use our port? Given to a company in Chicago and not MA? Hmmm
So, what did you do with all the taxes and fees you collected over the years?
Just like your president Donald says!
investing in infrastructure  says POTUS DJT.
Stop having you social media manager posting for you if you are not going to answer tweets.  You waste everyone's time.
How? We're spending all our tax dollars on EBT and Obamacare.
VOTE HER OUT
Sure spend some more of our tax dollars
Should have done that the last 8 years.
Banality
oh wow..a politician who is doing what politicians should be doing instead of sounding off to appeal to the underbelly.
Please keep the #JonesAct & state maritime academies! They keep Americans employed in good jobs!
Infrastructure, infrastructure, hmmmmmm, where have I heard that before, sounds familiar.
You have a comment on an issue in Mass?
The money could come from AUDITING THE FED! BUT YOU VOTED NO! $9 TRILLION given to thieves and you want it hidden! Stop pandering SHAME ON U
Your a liar no talk please
Is that mo. Senator still in office
But..but... Boston is where slavery all started!  TEAR IT DOWN!
Tell us again what Obama spent 9 TRILLION DOLLARS on again thought Obama fix all our infrastructure spending 9 TRILLION dollars?????
So get on board with the @POTUS plan for infrastructure!
You're one ugly bitch
Work with Trump to make it happen.
First we need a president and not a game show host. Then they can work together
Cut taxes
I just see another white person covering for another whites crime.
How about speaking out on these cop murders. Your silence makes u complicit to these crimes. Facts only
Uh oh. Our POTUS wants to invest in infrastructure. I guess you will have to say no to it now.
Main roads to Trump towers. He's got a plan.
Not the most imp aspect of gov, but very important to expedite trade and innovation. (Most imp. is protection of citizens, all citizens)
Everywhere in America is a port that's needs an investment to our infrastructure to succeed, whether there are ships, trucks or tractors!
Let mass pay for it then. Not the USA
This is money that could be going into one if the Koch bros offshore accounts. Fucking liberals
It's kinda hard to speak with this
Thru private investment, and the private sector. You and your followers only believe in central power. I distrust THAT more thn prvt sector
Would be much better to use our tax dollars for education, infrastructure and health, insteaded of a bloated unaudited military!!!
SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA! AMERICA 1ST,  A GREAT IDEA.
Now you're on board.  Election time must near.
Another Senator not in Washington Chrissy from Connecticut wasn't in Washington either when are you people in Washington doing your work
The state of Boston needs his support their own State infrastructure.
Pocahontas speaks.
Just a wild guess here...uh...never.
Disavow the base?
Medicare for all means you people in Wash  are going to f it up like you did Social Security please don't help us anymore we can't afford it
