? DID UNONCE CGECK ON INDIANS WHENNTHEY WAS HAVING TROUBLE AT RESERVATION OR DO U JUST GET GRANT CHECKS U FRUAD
I feel certain that he and the repug congress will destroy all the progress made over the last 8 years. #Bigly!!
Prices of food, groceries, clothing ect, r so high do to OC & increased wages..The US is sick of paying 4 others
4 people who CHOOSE not 2 get educated or learn English or r illegal. I am tired of payinh 4 everyone else!
Trump lies it's all he does
You are a liar Warren.
I wish Warren would turn to ashes
I could get hit by a bus, asteroid could destroy the earth.. a lot of coulds out there Senator
impeach Donald  Trump # Russian taxes returned .
I wish the senate was more alarmed than they seem to be with fascism-heads in the sand seems popularexcept a few
:Is that what he said or are you putting words in Trumps mouth again?? You need deep breathing & Valium 4 peace!
Enhance protections not tear them apart. I like clean water, air, environment. Food dependent on these.
>Scare tactics wont work. Only stupid low info dem voters listen to u n ur vile godless democratic party!
Just because you say it doesn't make it true.
when we stop taking big Donor money, maybe we can win these fights.
if Trump's wicked deeds only impact the poor, he doesn't care. He doesn't like "losers."
The only people that should be paid good is Trump and his rich cabinet .The rest of us can die
nonsensical BS.
Don't give up. You are our voice!
Senator Warren, your tenacity inspires me.  Please never stop
bullshit. Just crying wolf AGAIN. Could would should should be your new motto
Senator way don't u stop telling people what we need & respect what we voted for an want. Liberals cray cray
try telling the truth for a change, you are why politicians have such low ratings.
"LIAR, FAKE NEWS FROM A FAKE AMERICAN INDIAN!" Just another LeftyLibTardLiar! You're a disappointment! What happened to you?
the election is over and your still in campaign mode!  You have been grandstanding during the hearings
Gen. Mattis is more than qualified and you still voted no for no good reason which is embarrassing
others have all noticed that you have used this platform to self promote
Ms. Waren Do you simply lie for the sake of it or are you simply insane?
@cherokeesher2 #Health #IRS #Veterans NRA TeaParty Trump/Ryan/McConnell Clearly Identified & Defined https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
Mr.Trump is gonna be an awesome president U are always gonna be a loser....
you are perfect
Fauxhontos, you are a LYING, fearmongering hack. Political parasite.
are we gonna hear your "Nasty Voice" the next 4 years? cant you go away
trump should protect the American worker
You mean the #fake president
- great job today taking that nincompoop to task. We need you so much. Please keep fighting for us with everything you have!
ur lying and fear mongering senator Warren. Ur a baffoon
but he said he was for American workers!
keep drinking this crazy ..... kool-aid-smh
Don't let it happen Elizabeth!
will you promise to protect ALL of your people? Not just the ones you like?
youhave no idea what you are talking about concerning Trump overturning overtime pay etc just like your claim to being Indian LOL
please please bring them all down save our nation
You are amazing! 
Flashback: @SenWarren advocated for school vouchers in 2003 http://redalert.io/2k5WlmY   

@realDonaldTrump
Warren You Lied about being Native American you're lying about this. Will you ever tell the truth???
With all do respect @SenWarren, what's with all this projection?  You Dems are great at that.
. He's not even in office and trying to find a ray of hope in all these swamp nominees seems impossible.
- The hyperbole from the left is off the chart already and Trump isn't even in office yet.
#PrayForAmerica
get me GURL you are amazing
the last thing Donald Trump needs is a war with his own people, he better realize that fast.
no one is blaming you @SenWarren I watched the confirmation hearing you are one of a
few days is we are going lose this, lose that. that is unacceptable in a democracy.
Poke a haunt issss
it, the president is suppose to be for the people, all the people all I've heard over the last
that's hogwash
than do something about it, talk , talk  but I don't see anyone in congress doing anything about
Great job Dane Washington today
wow Liz. Try passing facts instead of could statements
Seriously? You don't know that these things are already implemented under OSHA? You don't care about citizens..
Quit crying
@MzKit @realDonaldTrump So, when America was great was, what? The 1880s -1930s?
BULL
One of MANY things that r going 2 change under Trump--ALL bad!  The winner is the one w/the $$$!
make America great again
Make America great again
shouldnt you be asleep somewhere by now ......upsidedown....
You sure full of hot air and bs aren't ya?@SenWarren Shame on you.
@DavidKoechner @realDonaldTrump send smoke signals.  Then we may believe you #fauxcahontas
Bitterness burns, huh? #NoClass
such a liar you are Warren
get a better job.  Better yourself, get educated, continually learn and grow instead of asking for handouts
Big Ox Energy loves Trump exposes employees to H2S.  Sad sad sad
it already did for a lot of people who were supposed to start getting overtime pay in Dec.
Hush up, goofy fear monger.
Vote no!
starting rumors all your good for
Please dont stop fighting.
why does it matter? #globalwarming is going to kill us all any day now. Right?
what the  ??? Please educate yourself before you open your mouth
Sen. Warren, you're my Heroine! 
Stop the bull shit
Mommy please take of me.  Lemmings can not think for themselves, just follow.  Democrats low info. voters
Yeah EPA https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/08/11/us/durango-colorado-mine-spill-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Stay strong Senator! Take your vitamins and eat your wheaties because we need you to fight for us!
if these were so important, it wouldnt have taken an EO to bypass congress
of course ..protecting his billionaire New friends/ ppl/employees
--- why did @SenWarren vote against AUDIT THE FED?
Oh but I'll bet his business and holdings will be fine. He treats this whole thing as if he were on a gameshow.
why are you attacking working people donald, get focused and leave working peoples protections alone.
All #Trump supporters-make sure U watch or DVR the @TrumpInaugural on @FoxNews this Friday. Let's help Trump & Fox get the highest ratings!
Please do something to stop this disaster train!
.

Republicans won't be happy until more wealth is distributed in their direction:
Warren lies, this is fake news
@CriUnChatUnChat @realDonaldTrump if anybody thinks she is lying.  Prove it with facts. prove djt is not a con
Sheesh.  Look at the labor record in Trump hotels.  Not a friend 2 PPL who do real work.
this guy is a walking ponzi scheme.
are you going to the Inauguration?
Thank you
pipe down Chicken Little.
FEAR MONGER
You truly are brain dead. Employers will adhere to 40 hour week just as bank workers screwed by ACA. No hours.
He doesn't believe #asbestos is deadly or that it's bad. So much for toxic chemical reform #endmeso #banasbestos
Get the government off our backs
stop using scare tactics and lying.
please provide the proof of this and stop trying to scare the average citizen with these false facts
@PSmama @realDonaldTrump what ever happened to "for the good of the country"?
went out the door when the tridiot got elected
you're saying the OSHA regulations in place for the past 20+ years are being overturned? stop the fear mongering
Forget it, Senator, Trump fans WANT to work more for less pay and be exposed to hazards! 
most of them are so poor that's all they know, so it won't matter to them.  Red states=welfare
Elizabeth, how u must sleep at nite w/such hatred. It's ageing u . Dems r whiny cry babies. Let it go.
Go get em Pocahontas!
But I thought Mr Trump cared about us? Wouldn't it be great if we had clean water, air and a safe environment. Don't have that in china
remember when Obama AG tried to shut down a fox reporter James Rosen? That is evil and we want that gone!
Scott Pruitt and Mary Fracking Fallin, have all but destroyed the state of Oklahoma!
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Warren in MELTDOWN..DOES WARREN NO SHE HAS NO SUPPORT FROM AM PEOPLE..WARREN COULD NOT HELP HILLARY GET ELECTED
You're right, Warren couldn't be the Politburo, comrade

"Could"?? So, no.
Very bizarre way to "make America great again."
Dems a suggestion.This bullshit you continue spewing doesnt work anymore. You may want to try alternate tactics
Yeah, maybe I go to infowars and read the Russian news, comrade
That's an option. #MAGA 
Thats what happens to workers when billionaire business owners make the decisions.
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-biggest-hypocrite-elizabeth-pocahontas-warren/article/2592680# …
working class & laborers are screwed, especially w Hardee CEO in charge. Minimum wage is not 4 teens anymore!
I Hope he will exercise restraint in reversing executive orders.
Democrats are liars liar liar pants on fire what your nose grow
That's about what...? 4th grade? just like the guy you voted for, comrade
Make an effort to collect outstanding taxes from Al Sharpton ,Liz..show you're not just a partisan hack
is working to destroy everything
Sen. Warren, keep holding their feet to the fire! #StopDeVos Don't let him stack the deck
the only thing she is holding is a a taxpayer checkbook to write handouts
tell me more, love. Enlighten us all. This should be epic. Go!
Kim.  Warren doesn't promote individual responsibility.  She makes excuses and promotes socialism
my mistake. I thought you were going to come up with something legitimate and valid. 
How about all the people Warren helped with her lobbying for big tobacco and its toxic chemical additives?
~ That stuff will be among the 1st stuff he gets rid of.
Then the dust will turn to mud when trump pees on it
don't let that happen!
Scare tactics aren't going to work anymore Here's something you should try TRUTH Stop LYING

Holy shit! I'm glad she's not my proctologist! 
the more you shake it at people the longer it gets! That could be misconstrued.

Trump's 1k better business person, so smhhh
want a bottle too.. waaaahhhh.. blah. Blah. Blahh..
What exactly are you bragging about here? That people won't get paid overtime? Seems bizarre.
yea.. she's whacked out..
Oh and this..
