Listen Elizabeth, YOU don't personally have the money to keep Obamacare alive.  Stop treating the country like an endless stream of revenue.
Now where was good Elizabeth on the FUZZ MATH USED ON OBAMA CARE!
Your bestie said you got to pass it to know what's in it. You care? Then pass for you DCers to B on same Ins. As the people. Until then???
Once you start an entitlement for 22 million, it's tough to erase it. 
Those 2,700 pages of laws add up to the average person getting gigged
Time to say no 22 million reasons why
We don't need government healthcare set it back to the way it was if you want it you get it if you don't then you don't
I agree with you Senator Elizabeth Warren @CREWcrew Lawfirm
Maybe the new healthcare will pay for your DNA test!!
; Socialized medicine has never worked. Warren is pushing another Big Gov power grab. Name one thing the Gov runs well?
; Warren is a fraud. All these tweets supporting her accept pathological liars, no accountability, fiscal incompetence
;Warren voted for Obama Care. She didn't read the bill.
The worst conceived legislation in our history. Why listen now?
Why did someone have give you the numbers? Your putting out someone elses work. You're so concerned, u need to do your own study.
Speaking of lying, have you taken the ancestry DNA test yet. If you are Native American I have a great Indian name for you. "Crazy Bitch".
I can't believe anyone with a heart, compassion and common sense would ever consider a HC bill like this!!!
You call the CBO budget nerds!!!! Well at least they don't lie about being native American. Take the d.n.a test!!!!!
Trump does not want to do anything about health care he is more interested in trashing
Women predator narcissist get him out of
There
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
I applaud you Sen. Warren it's just a shame that this message doesn't clear the minds of people who think differently or the Republican way.
Actually, it is 8M people on it, and it cost over 36M their coverage to deliver it. You might want to talk to more economist "nerds"
Warren for president
How about the millions of babies killed every year through Planned Parenthood? Does that not bother you?
how about stepping down and letting the people take over healthcare.No more lies and hate
That's right
We must keep the crowds appearing to oppose this monster bill, as soon as you all return to work.
Loco 
Healthcare situation is because of Dems an Obama an now you critsize reps. on this better look harder at yourself
You are an archaic!Apparently,you don't know ppl like me,whose own child is on life saving meds&Dr's HE CANT See on CRAP CARE!Dems did that!
Free health care for all is the beginning of socialism, Pocahontas!  Didn't Bernie Sanders teach you anything!
@SenWarren  2020!
Well done!! 
Where was the "fight for the millions" when Obamacare was introduced that threw millions off their old h/care provider & raised premiums?
Lizzy is following in the footsteps of CNN. Fake News.  But I'm sure your little followers will believe your lies.  
Thank you!
Who actually tweets from this account? Is it really Senator Warren or some overpaid staffer who tweets the same stuff many times a day?
Tell the truth part of the 22 million will be those that aren't forced into buying Health Care they don't want
Why not write up single payer policy and get senators on both parties to agree and sign it into law. You don't need Mitch or Ryan do you?
that's really twisting words and numbers fauxahauntis, but your acolytes are stupider than you so there you go
Boo! Scaremongering!
if you senators were on the health care we wouldnt have the issue why should you be on your own plan   This is wrong we are all americans
Why can't you come up with a plan you seem to know everything else . Just keep obstructing that's what your good at.
How about you work together with the GOP  to fix the bill? Oh yes,  you didn't do anything to fix Obamacare in the last 6 years.
22 million off govt assistance? So be it. Guess bleeding hearts need to adopt a family. Surely your home and bank account can handle a few
Thanks for the update.
Please run for President!
YOU ARE AWESOME.
Idiot

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
You need to crawl in a hole and stay as long as it takes for the world to be free of your lies.
Unlike the ACA, at least we get to read this before it's signed. Go Trump.
So how come Americans keep voting Republicans Dems losing? I cant seem to understand this at all.
You are such a fearmongerer. Preying on the poor and uninformed. You should be ashamed for claiming to represent the great people of MA
You didn't think about me when you passed Obamacare!
Can I please have your health plan?  #shutupLiz #zombieLiz
Here's what happens to babies under UK's government medicine.
Show us that article of the Constitution that provides for federal intrusion in our private medical care.
Amen Elizabeth I hope I'm not one who loses my health care I've had seizures since I was 9 months old and still have them everyday   Prayer
22 mil => 1 in 15 Americans ... so if you have 90 Facebook friends, you pick 6 who lose healthcare .@SenWarren #NotThisBill
Actually 13m of the 22m are estimated to leave on their own accord. Facts matter
Let's face it. Trump won't get any decent legislation passed with the republicans
There will be that many when ACA crumbles...more was promised than the US can afford. Republicans shouldn't do anything... let this plan die
Senator Warren there are 9 GOP senators against the Health Bill. McConnell has egg all over his face. Keep up the good figh
I would very much like for you to be honest.
Keep up the fight!
you are a role model of selfless determination. I give this to you -Trumpcare is "Wealthcare" not healthcare. When are you coming 2 Orlando
Keep repeating this until the American people listen.
They need to understand that the consequences of Americans without healthcare, Medicaid etc..is going to cost more to the country than 600b!
A healthy country is a wealthy country! There is no America without Americans!
The problem is that the GOP doesn't care on who it's going to fall! They better understand that if Americans are sick, they can't work!No$$$
The outcome will be medical bills left unpaid, increase of diseases due to no prevention or treatment = Job loss = economy down = recession
Don't you realize people know your lying.  That's why your party is falling apart
Thank you madam for fighting for us & the America we love
Look that just equivalent to a major world war casualty count.  Small beans!!!!
Sure. Don't mention that majority of that represents ppl CHOOSING not to have coverage. I don't like either plan. But beyond disingenuous.
Thanks for standing up for what is right and fighting this murderous bill.
22million people will loose health care if the Trump care is passed in the senate. That's 22 million reasons why it shouldn't bepassed
I wish every politician had your  intelligence & compassion 4R fellow man. As a retired RN I no  value of healthcare. Universal health care
The chart shows that Obamacare was/is cheaper across the board than Trumpcare. Compare the blue box to the red. RESIST!
You're a piece of work. When Obamacare gets replaced your quid pro quo will be worthless and the lobbyists who paid you will be so mad. HAHA
Why do you care Sen. Warren. You have great insurance and make 100k a year crying with Chuck and Nancy. Do you get kickbacks from Obamacare
Repeal and replace Obama Care. No one can afford it !
Liz Warren pretending to have read the bill. She screams for one reason & one reason only: She likes screaming. Topic irrelevant.
U only care about the losers that r able to work but refuse to the mid class keeps getting screwed wake up
Shame on @SenateGOP #Trumpcare  has no care in it
CBO was 100% wrong on the obamacare numbers, but lets not let facts get n the way of your 2 cent rhetoric.
Looks pretty good compared to obamacare...the democrats plan. No access = no healthcare, but lets ignore that
prove it. You only speak in propaganda.
Lol
.
So what happened with last / past 8 yrs?
.
All you do is regurgitate other people's information that is, by the way, WRONG. Get it right so we can stop calling you Liawatha!
Only 1 reason matters: it's amoral!! Let supporters of AHCA argue how it is moral. You're bullet proof on that point - but you don't make it
Was 23 mill maybe if they come up with 22 more versions it'll be zero
Senate reconciliaion bill just one piece of fixing health care nightmare in America.
Anthem endorsed. 30% lower premiums yr 2020 than under Obamacare.  The 22 million not insured by choice, not because of a tax.
Thank God for ppl who have hearts to care about others more than making the rich richer. The most sinful bill, ever. Reverse robin hood.
Your the main reason we should fight Dems since you got it all figured out let's see your plan
You lie! Now, ppl will not be FORCED to buy health insurance & receive a penalty. OUR CHOICE NOT GOVERNMENTS!
Sen this is a lie but you know that. Mass needs to vote you the hell out!
You are such a LIAR! You know full well the 22M relates to the mandate going away!
You're lying!!
So theres 11.5 millon on ocare this year. Why lie?
I wouldn't mind having the healthcare I had before Obamacare! Oh yes! We did have healthcare before Obamacare! MAGA!
Obamacare needs repealed and replaced with health care that's not to expensive for the middle class
She's lying she never read all of Obamacare before she voted on it.
Why fight take members and try and work it out or had you rather blame other!
With Obamacare, right now, everyone is already losing! Pay attention to current events and stop the theatrics.
You need to understand a large part of that number is the younger population that don't want health care and does not want nandate
Go play Cowboys and FAKE Indian somewhere
Bullshit Pocahontas the CBO said that the majority of those not covered will be because it's not mandated. Stop lie in
R's wasted 6 yrs trying to repeal with no thought to repair. I hope the Dems are ready with ideas to repair so soon as the R's fold TCare.
Government is the problem.
The majority open your eyes!  Please wake up! The rich is making sure they get richer with your support.  WAKE UP!
Everytime she talks i laugh. She lied to get a job and she lies to the American people. #DrainTheSwamp
Fight this like your life depended on it because it does.
Senator Warren, Please tell us how we can fight back against this lopsided health care bill. Our life depends on it.
I'm sure there are just as many middle class families without it because they can't afford it and get penalized for not affording it.
We the people need to make sure the uncaring, profit making NOT for the people politicians do not get elected again.
Its not a HEALTHcare bill,
Its a kill the most vulnerable people KILLbill! Like Hitler's
Showers! Kil millions,CHEAPLY
Lies, always lies! Always trying to scare people into supporting your agenda.
One reason to get you out of office 1. You suck
Our dismal failure to take care of the poorest sickest, oldest among us means we need a new way. Are we too proud or stupid to do it EU way!
I c u declined @marklevinshow for an interview. Go on his show u coward. U make these videos w/ just u in them. Go on a real show and debate
Take a long look at England, Swiss Ireland etc. Kenny g. Healthcare is working great over there. Its us that have failed. We need to follow!
Sounds like 22 million who need to get jobs
Kenny g. So single payer doesn't work? You mean half of the rest of civilized society's way of doing things is failing? Beep! Wrong! Works!
THANKS 4EXPOSING this horrendous WH HP & EDUCATING AMERICANS that FAVOR HUMAN LIFE . 
Miss Elizabeth, you're my hero. Keep up the good fight! Keep persisting, as women always,have to, and know you are loved for doing it!
Many of those pple don't want insurance. CBO lost ALL credibility with OBAMA CARE,for the majority of middle class Americans, it was a joke!
Ever think that maybe a large number of those 22 million reasons just don't want to be forced to buy crappy insurance?
Keep fighting, Senator!!
We must fight back before this bill goes any further.
Heres a great idea lets get rid of welfare and government housing and spend 20% of that on healthcare.
"Budget nerds"? Kind of disrespectful and noninclusive ~~
We don't need any more pigeonholing - It's pervasive enough. Someone who does numbers has to be a "nerd" ??? ~~
This time Sen. Warren has just made a common mistake and I called her on it. Members of groups should not be categorized carelessly.
The interest on the 20 trillion alone could have payed for all healthcare! Fix it!
We are with you Senator Warren.
CBO got it wrong on ACA     7 years ago and now you want to rely on CBO report? Cmon sweetie! We are not stupid!
Who are the people that benefit from your screwing of the American people?
& there's 280 million reasons to repeal it.
I just have one reason:

The Government should be nowhere near my health care!
What about the 15 million for next year that will be kicked off. Which is the Republicans base mostly. Let's talk about those 15 million ppl
I'd be curious to see how many of your staff have actual background experience in Health Care along with yourself.
22 million may choose not to participate, not kicked off big difference put out the right information
28-44 million are already without it! Depending on the source you read. CDC says 28.4 and it's only increasing!
The results are better then obama care
Thank You @ Elizabeth Warren
You know I just want you to do the right thing for a change
Okay Pocahontas or propaganda queen
What about the millions of working Americans like myself who do not have affordable coverage now? Noone cares about that.
How many people will not be covered because they CHOOSE not to buy insurance? O- care force them to buy or pay penalty. Just more your BS.
Your plan the ACA is dead, so what's your answer?
Count them one by one. And then get back to me.
Liar liar pants on fire!!!!
Since this is LIFE OR DEATH™ why aren't you introducing an alternative bill? Why don't you care about the 28M currently uninsured?
Elizabeth give up I know 22 million reasons why you should just go away leave the country alone president Trump is doing just great
Americans cannot be experts on all things,that's why we needed leaders like you who are willing to analyze w/depth about what is right, good
Absolutely not! #notmyvaules
Irrelevant Pocahontas lying as usual.
Did you count each one Pocahontas?
Change the name to wealthcare!
I got a shock yesterday. Healthcare industry is against this bill. I thought they were the architects.
No. Pocahontas.  No.
Please Stop Tweeting 
22 million people with a choice scares you.
And the CBO was so accurate on Obamacare, oh wait
You are such a  lie
Trump said to negotiate...you chose to whine
