Everyday Democrats, Republicans and Independents will go broke, bankrupt, get sick and6die on this plan! #TrumpCareKills #resist
So @MSNBC and the Soros run #CenterForAmericanProgress are your sources? move along fear monger. #MAGA
Who cares about Soros? @MSNBC  good source, fact checked. This isn't about party but people. Period!
Haha you said fact check and @MSNBC in the same sentence. Now I know you're delusional.
U watch & Retweet Fox. Come on buddy. You know they wrote the book on fake news spins.

#MSNBC has a side/agenda 4sure but they investigate
Current events in American politics are negative. To b positive would be to create fake spin. This is a dark, corrupt moment but it will end
I feel bad you're backing a losing horse. Come over to the right side and enjoy winning and making fun of delusional libs.
And start over with Democrats at the table!!!
I know it! Trump touts how Dems won't work w/them but they don't give us a chance to. They shut us down
Dems had a chance. He invited them to participate. All they do is resist.
Time to stop believing the propaganda.  Dems have been kept in the same dark with this bill that we the people have.
If Dems stopped focusing on the Russian B.S. and payed attention they would be more aware.
Now on that I agree. But it's not BS. The Dems are on the defensive. Always responding to Trump's newest lies.
The entire TRUMP \ RUSSIAN connection story is B.S.
Explain? I'm open to hearing what you have to say w/o bias.
Let's reform by simply improving the ACA. Turns out that bill is a great starting point..
Turns out, it's not. The worst part is that it falsely convinced people that healthcare is a right, which it is not.
It is a right! So is a livable wage, health liberty freedom. Can't pursue happiness if your sick dead or dying!
Then please tell me where to find livable wages and healthcare in the constitution....I'll wait
Life (healthcare) liberty (ability to make a livable wage & move about freely) &pursuit of happiness. Being healthy is 1st step to pursue
An excellent point though, liberty is the ABILITY to succeed, what you are arguing for is the GUARANTEE of successful outcomes.
It's all in your interpretation I guess. Kinda like the bible
If you want to start discussing stealing billions lets start first with @BarackObama robbing @FannieMae 2 fund ACA
Oh pls be quiet trump-bot #WeSeeYou Obamacare saved millions,2. Including my fam & many I know. The #s of peeps w/o HC aren't comparable.
Interested in yourselves only. Not the millions who couldn't afford it. Not the business owners who failed because if it. Selfish.
Could you clarify what "stealing billions from working people" means or are we just to blindly accept your hyper partisan bizarro rhetoric?

Good for the top 10%. We can all achieve that with hard work. Read the "Millionaire Next Door".
1) We have less social mobility than we used to have.
Be honest Warren you  need 22 million on Medicare paid by the working class for your liberal votes half these Medicaid people need to work !
The BitCoin issuing computer program is not funded by taxes.  Neither is the fed gov, that issues the dollars we use to pay tax.
Backwards. It eliminates the mandate and penalty.
Taxation is stealing billions of dollars from working people Poca.
How do U 'steal billions' from those who never possessed said 'billions' in the first place?
Working people are already being robbed under ACA.  Try $5000 deductible for diagnosed care. While medicaid smokers go free.
Troll
Why not make it easier to make ppl eat more fruits n veggies
How is not giving more money stealing?
I agree with you Senator Elizabeth Warren @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
Good god you lie constantly, #ElizabethWarren. STOP LYING AND STOP PANDERING TO BLACK PEOPLE. You are #FakeNews. #BLM #LGBTQ+ #ImpeachWarren
If I wanted to be forced to do things I would have stayed in a communist country.
Let us xhooseand make our own choices on healthcare.
He promised, stop stonewalling.
The people are not dumb they are smarter than the average politician. Steeling. Illions from working people is OBC. Check it out you'll see
The healthcare benefits allowed our political leadership must exactly mirror the benefits allowed their constituents. 'Cause fair.
I don't mind if the rich get some tax breaks but not at the expense of a comprehensive affordable healthcare for all Americans.
Since the role of taxes in a country that creates its own currency is to regulate inflation, it's insane to lower tax on those w/excess $
I really don't mind if the rich get some incentives...but not on the backs of healthcare and the poor.
Push single payer. I know it won’t get passed until we win all, but don’t stop until single payer.
This. It's not a healthcare bill. It's a tax bill that gets to the tax outcomes it wants by slashing healthcare.
They are slashing money that would have been dumped into the ACA. The failed ACA.
Quit changing subject..the ACA is helping millions--do ur research.
It's hurting many more millions
This is a typical negative coment by the Senator who preaches hate and fear to make her point.
...as opposed to the theft from tax payers for 8 years. How much money has gone 'missing'?  Sent tax payer cash to fund Iran's terrorism too
You r confused. It's YOUR party that grew the poor low income class.. 40mill more on food stams. Historical low home ownership rate.
Wait, so in your world CUTTING TAXES steals from people? Protip Beth, using taxes for socialism is THEFT.
You Dims have already destroyed healthcare for millions.
YES! Medicare for all.
We do! Many of us do! Some of us r disabled or sick! Ever "lived" & experienced hardships? Ever wiped an old person's ass for 8$/hr?!
GOP leaders are Robin Hood in REVERSE. What a hell of a shame!!!
Sure, start over, don't try to keep the failed Obamacare funded... it's a LOSER.
I don't think you know what stealing means...
Wasn't obamacare an illegal tax put onto citizens? You really don't care about individuals, you want a pile of money to steal from.
This tax cut in that "bill' is party and rich motivated.  It is not putting America first and love for our Americans.
Time for real health care, Single Payer.
What, like the VA? Get the gov't out of healthcare & let the insurance companies compete!
Single payer works fine for police, fire department, road maintenance, even the military is single payer.
If you git that insurance that ther have , you'd be paying over $2k/month. Not a valid comparison.
Now, now, no need to get sjw in me. I'm retired & judt got a letter saying my insurance will not be avail. in oregon next year.
What else is new
Lies
LOL, that is painting the kettle purple....LIERS
2018 and 2020 slam dunk for Dems... Hope the GOP bill pass at the end of day.
Obamacare stole billions from working people. What kind of drugs are you on? Youre nuckin futs
All these fools on here pushing single payer are insane. it's a sham everywhere it's implemented, too costly and unfair to actual taxpayers.
TRUMP 2020. Thank you for your enormous contributions to the GOP winning streak, Pocahantas, Love ya Babe
Please, please get Trump removed from office x
We all know life rules when obama was prez..it's only been 100+ days, & America has been so STRESSED--it's been so shitty, comparably.
Shit up
Warren is a lying goof. This bill repealed the taxes on the working poor including the racist sexist tanning tax, HSA tax, medicine tax, etc
So wrong! We All need health care ins. We need to work 2gether to keep what obviously works but needs tweaked. send senates bill 2 trash.
You do realize the so called ACA did the same (stole billions from workers and destroyed "affordable" healthcare for millions)?
YOU stole millions from hard working parents by charging  thousands of dollars to teach 1 course at Harvard causing their kids tuition up.
So, you are admitting that ObamaCare is an abject failure??
Let's just continue with Obamacare as written and see what happens!!
Because Obamacare isn't already taking money away from working families?
Apparently you are uninformed that Obamacare raised my premium $42 dollars a week. I am a working person. You are not.
We did start over with Mr Trump . We kicked the Doucheocrats out of the white house and the house and the Senate.  winning!!!!

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
You already did that!  Repeal & Replace!
And whistleblowers dismissed in retaliation have only 180 days under SarBox to file an OSHA claim? Why?
Like obama administration did transferred wealth to top 1%? Go away horrible women
We have not lost our government, just its soul.
If there will be changes, start by reading our Constitution. A very good way to start is read out loud every morning the preamble "we".
I am not pointing to you because you do not do anything It is just you and many more Reps/Senators let this to continue. Voters? From within
Vetrens and the VA Hospitals are a symbol of what is wrong with a government that has no one to answer to except them selves Voters. No
A little like what happens to SSI and Medicare recipients each year when money is doled out @ 1.5 percent rate. Like for the turtle tunnels.
her peeps must be flat out dense...stolen?? Wasnt urs to start with
When you stop transferring wealth from the middle class to politically connected insurance companies and bureaucrats, that is not stealing.
public option or Universal/Single Payer
forward not backward
#No2Trumpcare
So we're stealing our own tax dollars back?  Whitey speak with forked tongue.  Again.
All you do is complain. Do you have any solutions?
Short of single-payer, which I know you support, how can we shore up the exchanges as a stop-gap?
Umm Obamacare stole billions? Wasn't that the amount people paid in fines for not being able to afford it? You are pathetic .
After a certain point all anyone hears is, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Obamacare is not healthcare its a tax on the middle-class catastrophic insurance with high deductibles and premiums nobody can afford.
Actually it's your party that has stolen trillions from the people so pipe down you Morales's heathen
Healthcare influenced by lobbyist $$$, the dems and GOP. Their payoffs dictate our policy. Check the Swiss, private, universal and cheaper.
How come I don't remember anyone wanting to "fix" Obamacare before he was out of office? Why does it not work right now?
What do we do?  You, Bernie and other intelligent life left in Congress need a 5 nd empoint pitch for us to tweet mail in a deluge.  F repub
Exactly. we all need healthcare no matter who we are. Every  American deserves great quality healthcare at decent prices
To every Senator who chose not to vote for TRUMPCARE, THANK YOU
BS
Collins is about the country/ppl not party like most of the GOP
No, from non-working people. Medicaid om's for people who don't work. #FactCheck #FalsePropaganda #FakeNews
a real modern day Prince John
Isn't the income tax "stealing from working people"?  Good thing my two sheep ears catch the sounds coming from both sides of your mouth.
Your bill helped destroy health care!  Coverage does NOT equal care!  Costs from providers must come down. Throwing $$ at problem no answer!
Louisa liked this ? Should reconsider ? Wow
The Democrats must work with moderate Republicans to fix what's wron with ACA and enact Americare!
@crewoldt single-payer please.
And at the very least, leave in place the bill that is working fine, while fixing it or creating a better one.
Kind of like what your party does ALL THE TIME
Finance campaign reform..take Koch brothers out of the picture!
@rockinrobray
Lie. Lie. Lie. You are for the rich because that's your donors. Stop lying to us.
Fix #ACA
When you're wrong 90% of the time, don't you think it's time to reconsider your thought process? Resign.
Really think insurance comps will return to previous plans? Nah, they are the devil & the real culprits. No one addresses that #AHCAKills
She's lying as usual. Remember whitch party promised you could keep your own health insurance know you couldn't .
No, that's your M.O. Remember?
Just like the bailouts
True, since theye have another tax cut coming. We all know they will pocket the $ not create jobs.
Kill the poor. Said no sane person ever. (Why has the GOP lost their minds?)
Its doing the same thing as ACA. Wats ur point. Big Gov Bad for We the Ppl.
Time for full repeal. Government has no place in healthcare. If you control healthcare you control the people--Saul Alinsky.
This greedy obsession with changing Obamacare bc they didn't like or respect #44 has to stop.  I hope the American ppl vote many of GOP out.
OBAMACARE really works!! It's really ROMNEYCARE, revised by the rePUSlicanscum, to inhit it!
Works 100% in Mass.
Now, now. Tell the truth !
Your killing the president sen.
Need to employ ACA as baseline+ incorp govt exchgs+ allow cross State purchase+ remove penalties+ tax breaks as incentive to purchase+ regs
Elizabeth Warren may be behind the huge very fake news story that has caused a CNN scandal: LYING POCAHONTAS!!
CBO stated it would save billions and remove 22 Million that receive free care! As always free means it can be taken I prefer to pay.
No Lizzie that is already. We elected a primarily GOP to adress it. Relax! Team Deplorables USA..got this!
Then get on board with universal health care!
my hope is that any senator that supports this bill looses his or her seat
Needs to be called what it is. Tax cut Bill! It is not a healthcare bill. Maybe a healthcut bill
Obama Care was an Oreo joke, right?
Time to start better and do better! Other countries have good healthcare,why can't we?
What do you expect from Trumpcare?  #trumpcare
I am poor and thousands of dollars are being stolen from me so others can have health insurance. This is not fair to my family.
And so was Obamacare forcing younger people to buy at higher rates or fined them for not purchasing your bill Pocahontas
really and what have you offered?

In a matchup between @realDonaldTrump’s #MuslimBan & the Constitution, my money’s on the Constitution every time. The 9th Circuit agrees.
You should see how much our Reich wing Tory Party has stolen; it would clear the Nat Debt of USA & UK; never mind about Hitler's looting.
Not just that.  Rich want to get richer, rest of us can get sick and die. Remeanicans bring down the US. Our 3rd world status soon coming!
#robinhoodinreverse
Take from the poor to give to the rich. Where's Robin Hood?
Mr. President Trump you need to have the FBI investigate Elizabeth Warren and these publishing companies that are paying Millions corruption
You love scaring the old people this health care will help Obama care was all lies and that's why u liked it. Just shut up and sit down
Not a healthcare bill any more than Obamacare was - its health insurance. Stealing is that the same as lying? Slowing spending isn't cutting
IMPEACH INCARCERATE  ALL.

And this is not giving because its tax payer money! Majority of tax payers want tax $ 2go2 sick & disabled not rich!
U.S. gives huge $ to other countries but doesnt want to give @ hm? Why are our citizens labeled lazy but not other countries citizens?
#AHCA
U.S. gives huge $ to other countries but doesnt want to give @ hm? Why are our citizens labeled lazy but not other countries citizens?
#AHCA
@MariaBartiromo @Scavino45 Stealing? Ur-ACA has is killing ppl n destroying Families n keeps econ struggling n U Do NADA till T45
You had 8 years to fix your failing Obamacare ideas and have done nothing but blame Trump haha

Democrats Create The Problem

Stealing is your expertise,where's your healthcare plan?#Obstructionists
This tax cut will have the blood of Americans on them
Ms Warren, instead of giving death sentences to millions by cut Medicaid, why hasn't anyone sug raising min wage?ppl will fall off proudly!
With free market, common sense regulations and a little responsibility. That would be a great start
The administrations msg to Americans is clear about healthcare @KellyannePolls said:"People who lost Medicaid coverage can get jobs"
Wow,government taking money from working people,like that has never happened,& guess what,Rep.&Dem. Still has things all screwed and take $
Oh how cute-the party that commits bank fraud is talking about theft
Thank you, Senator Warren. Much respect and gratitude to you for representing us real people. We need more like you! You're the best 
fake American native to be pc...
you stole from the native American, you pokahants you!!!
God is on the throne
EW is a lying skank! Obama stole 700 billion of tax payers money from the Medicare fund to prop up Obamacare! They stole that money!
I wonder why the actual out cry to "affordable " did not get scrutiny like this. My wife would have liked it instead a victim.
People who couldn't afford ACA have paid $3 billion in fines! We want our $ back!
And of course being always prepared to lead, we Democrats have a fix ready to go, right...?
Dems haven't been in control. Reps had years to work this out & fix ACA/repeal ACA. They couldn't do it. Now this immoral bill.No excuse.
Lol @ the people taking up for Obamacare must be getting it for free because mine costs as much as a $150,000 house pmt every month
Elizabeth Warren is simply irrelevant
you are, as a matter of fact, describing ACA
Never have I heard such constant dribble. Talk about propaganda 
Can any politician just give the facts without all the lies & exaggerations
Dimeit
Senator Warren, It's time to start understanding Econ 101. Plz read Free to Choose by Milton Friedman.
Blah blah blah  snowflakes.   #MAGA
Speaking of stealing, pay back the na yet?
Don't be dramatic, Pocahontas. If you had control of the country, we'd turn into Zimbabwe.
It's time Elizabeth 4 the Ds 2 really earn their money, status & reputations. Get cracking pls & take decisive action. Sick of words! Do it!
BREAKING: Warren admits changes to Obamacare are needed.
Yes!! That's exactly what it is... Thank you #ElizabethWarren
Show us the facts!  Stop the fights and childish rants and do something positive for the AMERICAN people!
The reason McConnell is in such a rush to get TrumpCare/WealthCare passed is that Kochs, et al, say no donations until it's passed!
Try saving tax dollars by omitting  plan parenthood funding.
Nailed it.  This is actually a tax cut bill.
Why don't you add a single payer amendment in the reconciliation process?
The Publishing Company ate fronts for all the billions of  dollars Obama and Hillary stole .
Mr. President have the FBI look into the book companies this is how they receive layoffs.  Obama and his wife Hillary Clinton all layoffs
Mr President look who is talking about stealing.  Elizabeth Warren is the biggest crook how is she worth millions off a government job
You're right... Delete your account.
How can it be "stealing" when the victim didn't own the property in the first instance? Do your constituents actually buy that tripe?
You know what if this happens all of trumps ppl will be screwed
Oh, fakeahuntes, Obamacare not working for you anymore. I thought you said it was the gold standard of health care.
@SenWarren This bill stinks ,keep fighting Senator Warren
An we financed it with every paycheck. It's our GODDAM money, and I DON'T RECALL signing off on it!
We may not have a choice-EAT THE RICH !
Start over? YOU'RE over!
