People don't understand. They won't have PROTECTIONS anymore on investments,retirement, savings...they don't know what #DoddFrank  IS!
So, it will be legal for them to raid pensions, mortgages, investments again? Another recession/depression? Thieving, corrupt GOP.
Yes...all those Goldman Sachs appointees need more Money.
this will effect savings ???
The CFPB has issued fines against large banks for various violations-gone, if GOP succeeds in this.
So that means that what Wells Fargo did with $M in fake accts (and was fined) would now be allowed 2 get away with it. Unrestrained thievery
That's correct. There will be no recourse for the people who got screwed.
#DoddFrank is #Democrats gift to the America people after Democratic Party under The Clinton's deregulate Wall Street & Repeal The New Deal
Of course - they can never do anything in full view, broad daylight - thieves only strike when no one is looking.
Right  and they picked today to push their agenda thru while the world watched #ComeyTestify #Resist #Impeach #LockHimUp #RealNews
With any luck (and some hard work), we might be able to correct that before 2018 rolls around...
Let's not only hope but act & #PushOurAgendaToDemocracy #Resist
You saw where I mentioned hard work, right...?
Yes KC I saw the hard work part. Apologies, like so many, I truly didn't think #Trumsap would recover. I'm with you
#WrongChoiceAct is the right choice...IF their objective is another Great Depression, without consumer protection!
So many living paycheck to paycheck do not understand the wealthy make out like bandits during depressions.
Tonya, I remember my mom telling me about how the wealthy prospered back then: http://mentalfloss.com/article/22504/10-people-who-made-fortune-during-depression …  
It's sad because so many of the people supporting trump & the right are the ones who are loosing & will loose the most.
I assume you're talking about Dodd/Frank? The bill that made big banks 2 big to fail? From 2 ppl responsible for housing crisis? Good.
Heard of fake news? Pocahontas is a fake Indian :)
I mean Elizabeth Warren, affectionately referred to as Pocahontas. Pocahontas is the real deal. Elizabeth is a fake that schemed the system
Until @GOP is cleared from Russian relations there should be no votes on anything #WrongChoiceAct #NoTrumpCare
There has been NOTHING that says GOP & Russians connected. It's time to stop beating a dead horse
i'm thinking we need to pay attn now to these sneaky bills let mueller get the bastards! Otherwise, they can wipe our country out in a week!
Horrific. Keep up your great work @SenWarren
GOP is determined in the interest of Wall Street to strip every regulation they can while they have the votes, no matter who it hurts!
Right... because Wall Street gave overwhelmingly to Repubs in campaign donations 
@SenWarren is a proven liar and hypocrite... people still pay attention to her nonsense.
Nice about living in Oklahoma you get to see the Sheeple led to slaughter in valley below the Haves & Have Nots battling it out
as a fellow & embarrassed Okie I share your truths! SUCKS! @MaryFallin needs to GO!
They are cowards who only vote for things that damage this nation and do so when no one is looking Shows they are not proud of their actions
Oh that is rich!! I can't find one democrat policy that has been good for America
Do your research then
All Warren ever did WAS MAKE RICH DEMOCRATS RICHER AND WORKING AMERICANS POORER !!
Durban's 1502 section was created by metal investors to starve out Dem Rep of Congo, make China tungsten stocks go up.
What has happened to the GOP? Is there an honorable member among them? They seem determined to abolish the middle class & starve the poor.
Maybe u need to watch some of corrupt Hillary and Obama "Wall Street" speeches on you tube..
Go dance it off pochantes...#DemsAdyingBreed
People wake up. They are taking your health care, jobs, distributing your tax money to billionaires, clean water,
and thats just for starters
I believe Warren should marry Lynch and move to Russia where their socialist ideas are already in place
Your party is self destructing.
The pendulum needs to swing back some, this does not reflect "gutting" the rules
@ElizabethWarren get off my timeline. You're polluting it.
At least there doing something, you are doing nothing for the people but complain about everything
.@SenWarren @Warx2TheMovie @HouseGOP
That is how snakes and sneaky people do. They bite you when you pick them up. Corrupt Whitehouse and cabinet members. Paul Ryan is included.
So ppl are being distracted by the Russian Hoax?
Blame your colleagues Senator.
Blame yourself for pushing the Russia narrative.
GOP & 45 slithering around like a snake with i will call you back heads! fu
Well with such hard facts and the compelling argument of "fu", you've really opened my eyes.
Keep up the good work.
Your party bailed out banks, bailed out Fannie & Freddie where was your outrage then? The Fed Reserve needs abolished & gold needs auditing.
I'm more concerned about the health care they are stealing away from me today.
Be truthful for once in your career? What have you led or proposed in financial growth, stability for citizens of your State or the country?
kinda hard when ur lying thief 45 is in Putins pants & GOP slithering around taking life & liberty! SO HOW ABOUT opposite of GOP is our goal
They are ruling with bulldozers. This is not constructive. This is not building America.
looks like the Repubs DID learn something from Dems after all. Its about time Repubs started governing like Dems when they're in charge.
how canwe stop this ir reverse it why do they do it do you take savings out of bank
sneaking & slithering around! I hear dems are locked out of the deathcare bill discussions? sure they will lie to the citizens about it!
So sad! Don't only hear what they are saying, watch what they doing.
We called, we wrote, we emailed- nothing changed.  We need more help it is as if they took away our citizenship.  Is that who we are now?
Wall Street needs no direction or supervision. Just check back to 2008!!
Retire.
Great! They left a break for indians in! But you are not Indian!!!  Update on Hillary being charged with treason? Post today!!!
We can not get distracted !!!
#keepyoureyesopen
Your Frank destroy 1000 small community banks and available credit for rural areas n  favoring large national banks! U got lots$$from them!
A bail-in guarding your privilege, written by your banker buddies, that promises to not protect individual Americans. Shut up, Warren.
@SenWarren Call for James Comey to take a series of volunteer lie detector tests given by independent counsel I have a great feeling aboutit
Trump and Bannon have to go. It's just getting g worse.
Doesn't mean we shouldn't have watched - means they are horrible.
They know they need to work fast before Trump is impeached. They're getting all their bills through so they can send them to the Senate.
That's called a smoke screen POCAHONTAS... get it.. smoke screen.....
Red herring!
Please contact @cnnbrk & all MSM directly to keep this from slipping under the radar with this and the GOP Healthcare plan's for next week.
Just wrong. Obama fought to keep Americans safe from predictor lenders and they took that safety away. Way to keep Americans safe right. 🖓🖓🖓
Predator lenders
Trump is running interference so the GOP can do dirt undeterred! That's why the GOP overlooks all his transgressions!
Good..no more Dodd Frank!
Are they going to live in fortresses to protect themselves from the starving underclass they are creating? It won't work. They can't hide.
They can't run from the environment either
Did the same thing for gay marriage, so no one noticed EPA losing battle to keep mercury out of air and water. #slightofhand
How can members of congress receive $ from big banks but not recuse themselves from voting for their personal interests?
To the oligarchs "Choice" means "we want to give our cronies the choice to fleece you."
So lets gut the WH, please? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Gosh it's almost like they don't care about anyone but themselves
you got it-they DONT CARE!!!!!!
So much is going on with this administration I can't keep up. I'm always wondering what sly thing he's up to when I'm focused elsewhere.
They have no moral compass at all. Just wait until it is time to vote. They will get their justice by the voters.
hope your right but he said he could stand in tne middle of the street & shoot someone & they'd still vote/support him! I DONT GET IT
And your daddy Obamas taken a half a mil  per speech from them . Hypocrites
They are criminally devious.
And that's why nothing will happen to @realDonaldTrump. Anytime they want do something to screw over America they distract with Trump.
Of course they did. They work for Wall Street. Not the people who voted for them.
Is it time to throw The 2 Parties Are The Same in fauxgressive faces yet?
It was time in 2000...
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #PoliticalSuicide God is not please with you.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Obama cannot be erased with repeals. U GUT the laws bc u think avg. American will get the $ instead of the rich.
This can't happen again people are still homeless because of the first crash of 2008 Congress must stop this
 2018 can't come soon enough!
HouseGOP are like a pack of wolves ... Americans are their prey. Sickening.
"Governments should regulate where there is a market failure....private markets cannot efficiently solve the problem" Acharya & Richardson
Good undo everything Obama did
Another reason to #ResistMarch
We will relive 1930 all over again--2008 was close enough. Who would have thought it. Do our congressional members not know their history?
Good! Smaller banks can now compete with the "too big to fail" banks.
Woo woo woo woo.
Wow! You're blaming Trump for doing something while you and your Resist group are distracting everyone?
No, actually, they are helping our economy by loosening the restrictions on businesses by modifying the awful Frank/Dodd bill.
Why do you think they love Trump?Hes a walking talking distraction that is priceless for them. America voted for this crap they own it now.
Who's allowing this to be legal?! How can we citizens stop it &hold GOP thugs accountable? Why is our own govt allowing banks to rob us?!
I hope so comrade Elizabeth's
What can we do? Is there a course of action we can take right now? Can we change this?
but it didn't pass right?
Good job help American small businesses and industry.
A replay of 2006 is coming shortly to Wall Street and the American People thanks to the gutting of these rules today
So, now that the politicians have proven unequivocally who they belong to, what happens to us common folk? 

VOTE THEM OUT!!!
Repeal and replace Republicans!
Facts not fiction!!! You have no credibility! Please tell the truth
saw Paulie Ryan on TV talking about the poor community banks as if saving them is purpose of this. Persist, Elizabeth!
Another nail in GOP coffin
Outrageous
@SenWarren #ToBigToFail #WallStreet #BigBanks Rewarded by @HouseGOP Voted 'Yes' #DoddFrankRollBack #ComeyDay SHAME ON @GOP #WrongChoiceAct
They're magicians. Lookout the hand is quicker than the eye!
DAMN
And the dumbed down applaud it!
Laying the groundwork for the next recession
thanks Senator.Please @nyt @cnn @washingtonpost @voxdotcom help us focus.Trump is a huge distraction-there is key legislation to fight for
The House act has no chance to pass the Senate so stop wasting our time on that and focus on IMPEACHMENT OF TRUMP!!
Imagine if more powerful individuals had backed Bernie, he was President & you could make real wall-street regulations
Well, keep talking about it on TV.
Oh tell me Fauxcahontas what's the downside to that action?
Yep, just let that little tid bit about AG lynch in comeys testimony just slide on by. Nothing to see here folks
His base will start feeling the pain soon but they continue to stand behind trump. I guess they can't miss what they never had#Poorer
Divert & Subvert-over em
Knew the Russia hysteria would come back to haunt the left.  How easily we forget history, remember the nuclear option
Yeah and the rich get richer and the working class gets screwed.
Aren't you a sitting member of Congress, ma'am? What are you doing to stop the #GOP besides whining?
Please, Senators, save us!
Too many voters don't care or don't understand--Dems have to show voters why gutting Dodd/Frank matters to them if GOP to be ousted in 2018.
HORRENDOUS @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan all TRAITORS trying to rush thru all bills THEN they will try to distance from Trump?
#Nyet
The Republicans are just digging a deeper hole.  Democrats will endure
Warren just STOP because you had a chance during Democratic primaries to endorse Bernie, you didn't everything Trump is doing is on you. 
As someone who doesnt agree with you on most things. You can be proud of yourself for sticking to policy while the clown circus has been on
Ryan is a huge problem & a kiss ass ... loyalty to Trump
Will you apologize for wrongly claiming publicly that the president was under investigation?
Again the @GOP putting party over #people & #NotMAGA
A deep depression, wars around the world and no health care.  The @realDonaldTrump hat trick.
They Deflected that 1 Thru,Huh.
sneaky republicans
What were you watching?
Preparing for a new financial crisis. Unpunished greed is back and shameless.
Saying that I'm worried is beyond an understatement at this point.
Dems need to take the House and Congress back in 2018
Infuriating! GOP constantly votes on big contributors agenda harmful to US by distracting/ overloading US people.This is treasonous!#resist
GOP FAILING AMERICA
Why does GOP allow WS to Run Amuck-AGAIN! To pay off Rich donors who get them elected. GOP support Rich ONLY. You Vote GOP? WHY? PartyofRICH
You make $250K+ Yr?  Then GOP works for you. You part of 97% of USA making working wages or less? Then your taxed more & get less. DotheMATH
Wow
Of course they did. We can't trust them. They do not represent the people of our country.
GOP not satisfied w/ savagely aborting hlthcare now taking away financial protections 
They are so deceitful & slimy. Middle of the night meetings, everything behind closed doors, zero transparency & lies, lies, lies.
What else can we expect from these fools. 2018 can't come soon enough for the #TheResistance
Always diverting our attention they are evil snakes
Get use 2 th game of bait & switch. They r playing a game they r avowed to play, distract and pick the pockets of the people. #PickPockets
Repubs tearing down down the country's safety nets
None of this matters Trump will lie, get off, Republicans will put party over country somewhere down the line and or Trump pardons everyone.
I dont get it.  Are we supposed to have a voice in the bill GOP rushed through in secrecy @senwarren
This is the result of what happens when the three branches of Gov. are dominated by only one Party,. the INSANE Party ! #GOPhersMustGo
You got that right Maineman!
Please, no one Congress has any guts....you just do the vote dance...
This is wrong. Looks like the GOP are placing themselves to lose the house and Senate soon.Assholes. Screw us middle calls people.
Back on scary grounds again stripped of our protections.why can't this incompetent poor excuse of a human be stopped..he has broken laws
I do not dislike you but you need to refocus your agenda!!!
Okay.... like if DEMs can do anything voting wise geezus useless whine!! Go court white folk in Iowa again!
Did you turn it off bc at the end of the hearing there was a nothing burger yet http://again.You &your party obstruct MAGA&democracy
And Chris Hayes called a republican senator from Indiana out on it...Twice!
These protections were put in place after the latest recession to protect us from Wall Street greed and overreach. Repubs wiped 'um out.
Yup. And when the market/economy blows again, you can be damn sure t & crew & GOP will profit from it. On top of the next war he starts.
How can people be so ridiculously blind? He's a bizarre Pied Piper.
IDK. But this Putin Puppet Pied Piper & sellout GOP is going to bring this country to her knees. Bush/Cheney  like cub scouts compared to.
I keep holding out for a great "aha" moment to hit the brainwashed, as it distresses me too much to think this is how we go down.
I know. What's saddest to me is the pure hate & fear that put the country where we're at now. Not our finest moment, by far.
That's what the country wanted. Go trump!!
#RecessionIsNear
#GOP MUST be watched. Distractions allow them 2 gut America! Another near-Depression coming! Or worse! #WrongChoiceAct #DrainTrumpSwamp
Smh
ELIZABETH WOKEN
The republicans have mastered the political distraction.
This was my fear.
With the GOP, there's always a dirty trick being committed behind our backs....
All this bullshit deflection.
will they never get it?  They want greed to be the ruling force. Not my USA. 
Oh boy! Maybe if you ding dongs would stop chasing a non-existent Russian problem you could worry about Americans. but,you are a Democrat..
Of course they did. Bunch of ass hats in the house.
Of course! When are they going to stop making everything ez for banks, corporations to ripoff  Americans & start working for the people.
It's just another example of the Dem's failure in picking the wrong candidate. We 'deplorables' can process more than one thing at a time.
Oh and put #Gowdy in to replace #Nunez and the Senate is #FastTrack ing the #ACHA so they're VERY BUSY working behind the aisle
Yes they will push many more to scuttle the rights of Americans
Theyre pigs, plain and simple. Pigs and cowards.
More GOP smoke & mirrors. Pop quiz: how many GOP's bank stock portfolio profited from this???
Just the opposite Lizzy, they took the Hand cuffs off LITTLE BUSINESS! The hand cuffs you LIZZY and Obumer used to DESTROY Small Businesses
Such a lie
Dodd frank was knee jerk reaction that has been destroying small business. Vote today will only help them.As usual you forget the little guy
Don't try and distract people from the criminal behavior of Obama administration and Comey but not Trump
Doucheifer must be stopped
The group the Dem suck $ out of to fund the circus during election? How much more than Trump? Just curious.
this is not surprising this is what happens when politicians are controlled by lobbyists
@Patbagley @HouseGOP Good bye FDR bank regulation. All in then plan Welcome to Kochistan
Not enough votes in senate
Misdirection seems a popular strategy of GOP politics.
Have to say that Ryan is out of his mind and DEMS must scream what they stand for and will do for majority of people...or lose in 18 and 20.
Then the Senate MUST stop the house gop in their idiocy.
Recession damages. Dealt with hate on unemployment blogs 2008 & forward, This thing is evil.  Be afraid of his next steps toward war.
this reminds me of numerous winds of change causing all sorts to get while the getting's good. #SHINE THE LIGHT
Shame on them all.
Comey was important; thank God for watchdog friends protecting our interests. Resist Republican attempts to destroy our way of life! Speakup
