Wow, eliminates Head Start? They REALLY don't want the poor to learn to read do they. We understand, slaves weren't allowed to read either.
"that wasn't my experience so clearly you're lying"
learning is a different process for everyone. please get some perspective.
1. Headstart has been in existence since the 60's and was considered a LEADING example of democracy and forward thinking. Do you have any
BEFORE Head Start many people ended up illiterate. I know, you want to back to the Good Ole Days where the rich read, the rest, fuck em.
THIS DEMOCRATIC BLOWHARD DOES NOT REFLECT MY VALUES. There, I said it...wait..wut..they say thats not what they want to hear? Truth hurts.
So what do you "value" ?
Like abolishing the constitution? 
They havent prevented you from posting stupid  replies yet.
That's an empty answer
It seems to me that u demacrates and liberals are angry because ur not getting millions from big corporations anymore and raping the poor
Yes, we must protect people who thrive on Government entitlement and screw the people that bust their asses daily just to get by #demssuck
I work my ass off as a nurse AND I have stage IV breast cancer! This budget will take away my insurance subsidy so guess what? (1)
Guess your Obama should have followed law
I would be very entertained to hear how on earth you can possibly blame the (R) budget can be blamed on @BarackObama #delusional
You're Delusional Obama signed an executive order deemed unconstitutional by the courts !
And they're not even really paying for it since it will increase the deficit by trillions!  #fiscallyresponsible my ass! 
Lady. You give my family name a bad wrap.
#Trumpsterscantspell

Actually- we are all going to be losers.  Pyrrhic victories only assure polemic swings in policy that will be insolvable later.
You're silence about the Steinle trial  due to Sanctuary City policies is deafening.
No, we won't let it fade away!
Ask yourself is it truly in the best interest of the Democrat Party if people are doing well. No
Tax less, Spend less, Please. Fed govt dysfunctional. Society responds best to itself. Many more problems solved locally #taxandspend
The top tax rate used to be 91%, but that was back when America was "great." How much more tax cutting do you think the 1% need?
how many poor people created a job?
Relevance?
So you only try to protect the people you love, the other 63 million you call deplorables, bigots, racists, and nazis. No thanks lady, we've seen what 8 years of liberal economic policies can do...double the national debt of 200 years in 8 long years!
Elizabeth you are filled with hate and it is overt in your everyday dealings
Trump is setting up an American oligarchy ... much like his hero Putin has in Russia. Trump covets the IMMENSE wealth of Putin & his pals.
and what exactly does/did the fake indian accomplish?
Warren for president
Shut up you hypocrite
1.5 trillion in a decade? That's peanuts compared to Obama's 10 trillion in 8 years. You're such a God damn hypocrite! #CorruptDNC
#IAGREE
There other folks in the US that think your message is garbage also
You mean you will fight for the people you love ie black lives matter , antifa , illegal aliens & the moslem brotherhood ?
But Lez, what exactly have you done as Senator?? Ya know besides write a few books and steal money from taxpayers? Oh and bash 45?? Really..
Like this program?
They need to stop and hear their constituents especially those who rely on the programs that have been in place.
Easy on the fire water there Pocahontas.
Curious. Just how long do retirees believe it will be before Social Security & Medicare are both on the chopping block? #GOP will be after next.
In case you missed it, the retirement age used to be 65... it keeps getting higher.
All Democrats know is tax regulate make everything more expensive & uncompetitive and watch jobs leave.
What planet do you reside on?
You had 8 years with Obama and nothing happened!!!!!!
I love you. That is all.
Atleast someone does!
FIGHT back? can't you people just negotiate a better solution? when will everyon just grow up??????
How do you negotiate with trash? Dum-dum doesn't know anything what he wants at any given moment. 
Hopefully we will just have to hope to have the most help from the Dotard himself, who hijacks everything he wants passed!
PEACE and LOVE AROUND THE WORLD
Nothing but lies Donald Trump is a monster
What programs do you "care about" to my knowledge all you want is a giant iron fisted authoritarian style government...sorry ya Prog, not for me....or my family...EVER
The Republican budget cuts $500B from Medicare.  Is Medicare "giant iron fisted authoritarian style government"?
Thank you for fighting for us!
How can this wonderful group of people come together and have a nice meeting without a brain cell between none of them?!!
Please add OPTIONAL to MEDICARE FOR ALL  or it will never fly with ACA main problem MANDATORY still around
You’re a good damn embarrassment.   Can’t believe you were even on meet the press. Liar.  Where you wearing a headdress when being chased?
Democrats & Republicans need to find common ground.  Tell NPR, WGBH, WBUR, Braude & Egan to get off the bashing kick, very hateful!

Yak yak yak do nothing Senator term limits now
You don't add up. You are part of the 1% buying properties at low prices and turning a fast profit. https://www.facebook.com/WRKO680/videos/10155212632238220/ …
How about the programs the people care about?  What you wNt may not be what the people need.
You need to read the BIG LIE, your Dems been selling out the country for past 100 years
Speak out mum,
How about spending your money on this first!?
Enough is enough.
Mam,, The Future Of America Need Your Service. RUN FOR President of The United States Of America. Ask BHO To Be Your Running Mate.
Why now? Where were you you when this mess started. Obamacare doesn't work if you do
Me too....MAGA@realdonaldtrump
The government is spraying chem trails with barium causeing Rickets in small children and killing honey bees
Hurting the imune system of pip
a better budget and a responsible one, something you democraps arent able to do. Thief
Garbage?  I guess from your pint of view. It helps Americans, is that why you are against it?
Things have gotten so bad its scary
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1242061369256246/ …
You say the Trump plan will balloon the debt by 1.5 trillion? Obama "doubled" the debt darlin'
Look at this Marxist lie to all of us
If u really want to help, donate your millions to worthy causes.  I think u are your only cause. #Narcissist #Phony #TermLimits
Shut-up!
What kickbacks do u get for pushing ineffective bloated programs that don’t lift people out of poverty? Why are u a millionaire? #TermLimits
Why can’t we keep more of our own money to donate to local causes? Why do we have to fund bloated bureaucracy? Feds are mismanaging OUR $!!
You members of do-nothing Congress keep lining your own pockets while millions struggle. Why shouldn’t we keep more of the money we earn?
With your black supremacist you spend the money for nothing now  GOP try to clean the mess and drain your swamp
Just stop. Tax & spend kills economy. Tax cuts help middle class, remove burden from small business, take money out of Fed hands. #Waste
The garbage just comes from your mouth Sen Phakeahontis!
This SO CALLED POLITICIAL really believes she has us all convinced  ( SHE CARES )!! What arrogance! !!!
This politician  ( Warren ) think we are all STUPID ENOUGH TO believe there false concern for us! NO! NO!
The LEFT WING DEMACRATIC / SOCIALIST WANT TO CONTROL US ALL FROM BIRTH TO DEATH!
WAKE UP AMERICA BEFORE YOU LOSE ( LIBERTY - FRERDOM )!
Typical DEMACRATIC / SOCIALIST BULL SH*T LIES every time they need votes! DON'T FALL FOR LIES! !
Are you serious? Where the hell were you & other DEMS for 8 FU*KING YEARS? YOU CARE? MY AS* YOU CARE!!
Help the top and this country will topple, help the bottom and it will strengthen us.
Your such a wacko
You have a lot of guts talking about GOP budget exploding debt when under the watchful eye of your party & your President the debt doubled.
@SenWarren you won't even defend the citizens of your own state from vicious attacks from @RepWilson @cnn calling Irish Catholics racists.
None of what you blabbed about just now explained HOW their plan is garbage.  For us independents,we’d like more than just insults.
So keeping more money from staying with us is good, but allowing us to keep more of what we earned is bad?....  
As usual, Pocahontas is sadly misguided and most probably wrong. #Trump2020
Translation, "We must fight back to enslave the people we control and the mechanisms we use to rule over them".
And fight " tax reform" giveaways to give tax cuts to the rich while taking from middle class
Openly admitting you haven't even glanced at the tax plan huh? No surprise there.
Please do not give up!
Resistance is feudal
Like the poor and middle class are in a disaster zone needing tax cuts and the rich who are not effected by the disaster are seeking aid too
Nothing you can do about it. Move on dot org
Only you would be familiar with GARBAGE Liz. Obama blew up the debt 6 times it's size. Where were you Liz? Practicing Iroquois.
So many politicians see citizens as "just numbers".  They do not see or feel the pain when changes are made that affect the majority of us.
And that's the problem with government having the power to control things they have no business meddling in.
Senator, its time for #TrickleUpEconomics
You need to go back tou your wigwam.
Watch it the Cowboys coming in at the engine
Yeah, right. How about tbis: Where the hell is Glass Steagall at..... oh yeah thats right, the Dems platforn isn't shit either smh
Don't be silly.
Please call me, Senator Warren, if like to speak with you!  631-603-8562. Can I come meet with you?
Bottom lie is honestly; We need to send our special forces to N. Korea, get the homeless from the hurricanes into shelters, impeach TRUMP
The only thing you crazy alt-left wack jobs do is criticize and complain. You never bring anything 2 the table! Whine n complain constantly!
@SenWarren is an embarrassment
Elizabeth is a racist.  So obvious.
You are from Taxashusets aren’t you Pocahontas?
I noticed one of your illegal aliens offered up Napa Valley as a a burnt offering. Are you pleased with him?
I work my butt off and would like to keep my hard earned cash not give it to all these ppl that think they're entitled to my pocket INDIAN
What representing #ThePeople looks like...(Compare to your #Congressional reps— Are they looking out for you?  I’m examining that anew.)
Plis black & antifa Americans: pause their selfish feelings for a bigger objective: to win the war; after it may resume expresing
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. Warren allows Foreclosure scam. #UraniumOne  https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …
Maybe if Dems start using some reverse psychology on imposter in chief, he'll do what we need as a nation. Bet ur not a big enough man to...
He's always in a rush to prove he's got, pardon the expression, the biggest balls in the room.
Real Russia story Obama Clinton http://tinyurl.com/ycvh4wey 
You are the garbage crooked democrats are all anti Americans
#impeach45 #TheElectoralCollegePresident
Simple answer. There is no legal reason to despite the many witch hunts. Stop crying and let the adults work.
Will You Stand Up Now? @SenWarren
Democratic megadonor Tom Steyer just put up an impeach-Trump TV ad.

It's airing in CA, has at least $500k behind it. #Impeach45 
Our Nation is going to blow up w Trump's & his followers' agenda!! We won't need NorthKorea bc Trump will destroy Our Nation first!
Oh yeah. the stock market and economy is in the tank. huh
Republican policitians should befirst supporting middle class families and give us tax breaks so we can stimulate our economy.
These “super rich” and “giant corporations” don’t happen to employ American citizens do they? Cuz if so, by all means, let them grow.
So many people don't grasp how important it is to call Senators & Representatives; this vid needs retweeting! WE THE PEOPLE must speak!
Just shut up!
Then step down and let Americas win
The only thing Warren cares about is helping illegals and terrorist get whatever they want and as much of our tax money they want
I love your energy Mrs.Warren.keep it up
Are you ever positive about anything?
Yes! #Democrats #TRUTH I Am proud American @Law1Gloria @GloriaLaw5 
w/ you @SenWarren in #Massachusetts #mapoli w/ @SenateDems vs @SenateGOP
STOP ARGUING !
THIS LEGISLATURE SUCKS! Dems=Left Ass,GOP=Right Ass . A$$hole media in between.America was built on Compromise.DO YOUR JOBS !
you CARE??good choice of words!  But you only love yourself. you're a phony. what have you do  for Massachusetts?
Who is "we"?Why not fight for those that have 35-40% of each paycheck deducted to help those "working poor",aka, welfare slobs you love.
Um, no. We  must reduce the budget by 2 trillion  $.

I wish they knew what it feels like to have their life just snatched from them by someone else’s doing.
You mean like being taxed 75% of you're earnings...yeah I wish you knew
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
RT
You socialists like any and all give away programs. Craddle to grave!!
Go get ‘em Sen Warren! We can do it!
Not happening
Warren can you for just one day stop whining?
Why don’t you donate some of your $ to help the budget!!
the same people and the same programs since LBJ, with no discernable improvement, except in some agitators bank accounts.
We LOVE YOU Sen. Warren.  We are out here fighting. We APPRECIATE all you do to "Keep America Free.  E J  🖒
By free do you mean as a person or free to entitlements?
Mrs Warren, the extremist positions and attitudes are exactly why Washington politicians are disliked soooo much; look in the mirror now...
Yap yap yap. Trump's a racist. Blah blah.
Cunt
Did she vote to rob the middle class to pay for the corporate tax cut
Would you like Elizabeth Warren to run for President in 2020?  Chip in now!  http://RunDemsRun.com 
He's good @l lying, that's all. The peoples best hope now in Meuller.  If the election was rigged nullification is our hope.
Fight this.
Blah blah blah what have you done, nothing but complain about something you have no idea about!!
Shocker. EW is against it
How can tax cuts not included the wealthy. the top 10% pay 70% of federal taxes. Poor people don't provide jobs.
In other words spending more money we don’t have. That’s the problem with the left spending spending other people’s money like it’s theirs
#toomanytoignore http://bit.ly/2xqdcbc 
Senator Warren you got your work cut out for you but we're all behind you and support your agenda, keep being the brave, tough lady you are
She lost me at “a budget is not about numbers.” Uhmmmm. Show us a budget without numbers? I make budgets for a living and have not seen that
You Democrat's controlled Congress and never CARED TO PASS A BUDGET
I love Liz: Gives me hope for our future.
If your hopes rely on government and politicians you have lost hope a long time ago.
So agree with you! we all must fight back! #smh
Thank you for speaking out against this horrendous budget that cuts programs for all of us just to give tax cuts to the rich.

You're garbage, Pocahontas. Congress approval rating = 20%. People like u are the problem. #TermLimits
Skewer him!
Please lets bring the Democratic Party together and defeat Donald Trump's hurtful policies for our struggling American people.K.W.
Thank you for fighting  for us!
Sure, Trump is not on Medicare and doesn't have an iota of what the other side of Americans have to put up medical wise. Way 2 go Trump.
So what exactly is “GARBAGE” about it? Instead of continuing to divide this country, work together to FIX IT! You are part of the problem!!
You have no credibility and no accomplishments! Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for America! Your days are numbered!
Debt rising: 1.5 trillion in 10 years proposed vs 10 trillion (under Obama) in 8 years. No thanks, I’ll take the 1.5 with the republicans.
Yeah like you said, you will fight for everybody except middle aged white people. Thanks a lot!
Yes, please unmantle.  Trump only thinks of the rich!!  Get him impeached.
Scare scare scare
You don't care about any people or programs. You care about getting votes from all the freebies you give away.
What do you expect from a socialist?  Makes a bundle thru capitalism and try to keep everyone else from doing the same by changing the rules
Go away
I'll bet the farm you're the next President of the United States of America. 
Bet
...
