Is Obamacare helping the middle class? Forget this billionaire line. Are average Americans benefitting? The answer is no.
so the answer is just to abandon them entirely? No attempt to fix something that is good at its core?
It's good for a very few. Should both parties work together? Yes. Will they? No. Because Dem voters would destroy their own for "helping" R.
Actually, it helps more people than it hurts, in spite of the Sabotage currently underway.
No. It certainly helps a large group of poor people. But others have to pay for that coverage indirectly, and their own coverage.
umm, there are more poor people than wealthy.  And the curve is steep. You think these poor are really getting a 1up on everyone else? Math.
Ash, they aren't getting a 1up. And, middle class people outnumber the rich. And, why do rich people have to take care of the poor?
if they pay to rig the system in their favor, then yeah, they need to contribute. Greed is gross
America deserves the best system in the world.
The fall from first world status to third world status is excruciating! #trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink #GreedMerchants
Yet these everyday average and below average citizens praising trump! SMH I'll never understand them, I guess DT made them feel superior!
It IS hard to understand! Often wondered if they wish they cd be rich, VULGAR bullies too. It's almost like they admire his corruption
What's wrong with working hard to have money ???
Not a thing. Philanthropists do good bc they know, "There,but for the grace of God..." 
trump is a narcissist for whom GREED is the end goal
Trump is doing great things jobs jobs jobs not free free free
No, he's riding on PRESIDENT Obama's numbers & no new jobs hv beenc created. E.g., enemployment high in D.C. bc he's closing govt offices.
JFK actually wanted to improve, dems of now are a bunch of mean Socialist, Communist that want free everything.
Oh, really? Then why do red states take more from the federal government than blue states?
Are you talking about CA the welfare state blue state? The one that gives away the taxpayers money to illegals and state pensions?sends who?
Did you really like your own reply? Sad!
You have got to love our Elizabeth Warren.  Speaks for the people.
1of2 I know its not a billion, but how much $ are you worth? Triple the poverty level? Or is it much more? Wanna give your wealth away? Hmm?
We will have to work hard to get out there bcc and vote in 2018. We can't let these hooligans screw with us!
Can't remember the last time GOP wasn't mean to the neediest
It's like they hate anyone who isn't white and wealthy. Yet GOP says it's Dems who work against the working class & poor. Greed Over People
You are so misled!  So sad!
The facts speak for themselves Ms. Robbins. GOP Trumpcare will take healthcare from millions and place higher insurance premiums on ppl and
Your twitter name says more than anything you could ever say. And you are mistaken at best!
You don't even understand my Twitter name, lady! It's painfully obvious your ignorance level is very high. Too bad, so sad for your kind.
Lol
The GOP deathcare plan cuts of healthcare for the poor, elderly and the disabled. How's that making American great again? Repubs are &
No just mean ... it's heartless.
Liz, bake some cookies. That's all you're good for.
most ridiculous woman EVER
empty rhetoric from a liar and buffoon!
You're a mean Lizzy
I'll tell ya what else.is mean, making below poverty level.wages and being fined by my gov't because I had no choice in buying into failure
Like I said there are parts that need to be fixed. 1.no mandate, 2.making ins co provide care at reasonable rates 3. Stop meds from 
Mrs.Warren, The Trump administration was stopped when they tried to help the health care problems. So.., stop the blame game.
My God, Please shut up.
Thanks
Insurers pulled out of obamacare in how many states? no access = no health care Your Fauxahantas BS isnt even rhetoric anymore, just lies
Not mean its criminal
Why don't you offer to pay for as many as you can with your millions in riches? Do YOU need all that money senator? #Hypocrite
And continuing to fund a bloated and abusive pentagon budget on the backs of the poor is also mean!
Backs of the poor ?? They don't pay taxes
And working poor do pay taxes.
Really I love how people pay 2 grand in taxes and get 10 grand back
Isn't taking health care from a person negligent manslaughter?  If not, it should be.
Mean ?!?!  Go back to kindergarten..
2 of 2 Would you give away your wealth until you were worth what the AVERAGE American is? Didn't think so, your Native American Highness.
Dems: Let this bill pass. When insurance rates double and people start hurting, it will be easy for the Dems to run against the bill in 2018
Cutting healthcare for 23M people is mean no matter who else benefits. Does GOP care at all? I think NOT.
I thought you were #HoldTheFloor because you haven't seen it. How can #Trumpcare be mean before you see it? #YouWork4Us TeamWork #MAGA
She's talking about the House bill. It's the one Trump called mean, despite having a Rose Garden party for it.
It isn't a law u till both houses see it #TiredOfHate #TeamWork
Just clarifying the statement.
No you are misinformed #HoldTheFloor is #democrats complaining about how awful the bill is... & that they haven't seen the bill #TrumpCare
2 diffrnt things. I was clarifying which bill Sen. Warren talked about in original Tweet. You were talking #holdthefloor
I was talking about the fact that #democrats & #HoldTheFloor are talking out of both sides of their mouths either hidden or bad not both!
I want the same coverage as u, Miss Warren.
You will not get it with Republican health care plan
I know .
Please talk to my Senator @senrobportman-why is he doing this to his own constituents? Even Gov @JohnKasich thinks repealing it is bad idea!
It's imploding, are you not paying attention?
Actually in Ohio, the Medicaid expansion has really helped out our state economy. And our Gov is in GOP! :-)
Kasiich is republican only when it's convenient for him
Health care should not be BIG business. It should be free for all. A health society would be a more productive one.
But y'all keep getting on tv telling us you know nothing about it. So how is this even true?
No incentive to be healthy is mean. -#maga
And Obama Care is medical welfare
You need to go..... your losing it like Pulosi!!!!
@SenWarren  HSA on 8 - 10$ an hour for hospital stays and medical procedure. You'll get what you can pay for which will be nothing.
Wait..you just said @POTUS is RIGHTeither you're OFF your MEDs or JESUS' Return is sooner than I thought
Morally bankrupt & beyond wrong!!! The rich get richer (NOT trickling down) & the poor get dead...
That man is going to die a slow death.
Replacing a democratic piece of crap with a republy piece of crap. #shutupliz. I want your health plan
@nellie40_nati @realDonaldTrump leaked quotes just a way to distance DT if it doesn't get enough votes If he gets bill he'll sign
STOP this attitude is why Dems r losing & will continue to lose you sound crazy
Never was 23M. Fictitious number.
Omg that's awful to me and my family
Lier
No Liawatha, gouging working class families with astronomical insurance rate hikes from a bogus healthcare mandate is mean #Fauxcahontas
Just because Dem call something mean doesn't mean it is not comman sense and practical.
You pay for it, the amount celebs and Dems waste on campaign would be a great start!
Did you forget that millions lost coverage and even paid fines when their employer dropped coverages thanks to your Obama care.  Your mean!
Right it's beyond mean it borders on being a murderer
23M forced by govt coercion or be fined will voluntarily give up their insurance. Tell the truth for once in ur life princess Tellumbiglies
I couldn't afford Obamacare either. Why is @SenWarren healthcare better than mine? I served my country what have the DEMS done for us lately
stop this insanity!
Another day, another lie from Sen. Warren. Tiresome demagoguery.
It's not just mean, it's unconstitutional!
IF @SenateGOP "hid" their Bill, this clearly indicates:

@SenateDems & you are making all this up ... lying to American people, using fear.
sorry dems you pulled the same stunt with Obamacare by hiding in smoke filled rooms. Never open on details nor the facts of yr bill
not remotely true.
Have to pass it to find out what's in it...shows great leadership, right?
#passittoseewhatsinit
Where were you when I got dropped from my Great insurance because of Obamacare? Now I have terrible insurance at higher rate. Hypocrite
Again, I keep asking the question. How do you control cost under government run health care?
The only thing mean is you and the Democratic Party.
$1 Trillion to Corps & the .1% - with Trump & GOP Congress @ 34% & 16% respectively - rewriting "health care" with Not 1 Woman or Minority..
beyond balls - they see the demographic shift, and are grabbing whatever's left...
If this bill has been kept secret from u, how can u make stmts that 23M ppl will be cut? Do u realize this makes ZERO sense!!! Ur being mean
Elizabeth Warren you need to come clean how are you making so much money from a government job.
Most of the people on Obamacare have been sent back home to their country.
Millions of middle class people pay $$$ for crap insurance that covers nothing but subsidies the 23 million under OBcare.  What about them?
Stop the lies you don't have 23 million people on it .you have only 9 million. And they can't even use it to expensive and you can't use it.
??  . Now you're just funny
Where do you get your stupid numbers for you just make shit  up ??
0 for 5. SUCKS TO SUCK.
you don't call raising premiums or falling out and losing MILLIONS OFF HEALTHCARE MEAN! WHATA HYPOCRITE.  LOSER!
Warren you and your party are MEAN!
Your party passed a horrible healthcare bill.  The GOP need to make theirs open for all of us to read.  But don't you act high and mighty.
On this we can agree. For all Senators involved if you #DontKnowVoteNo.
You have no clue everybody I know makes under $15,000 a year Obamacare doesn't help them it puts them in The Pour House and this too idiot
But he'll sign anything and blame the mean on congress
What about the 30,000,000 who lost their insurance under your precious Ocare? Please comment on this!
The GOP are mass murdering scum, they are monsters, and the dregs of the worst.
If that healthcare is so good Elizabeth isn't taking the same healthcare we have answered that one
My healthcare got ruined what do you think of that and I'm not even a billionaire just a worker
This bill is going to hurt my family I have several preexisting conditions as do both of my children  But those rich folks will be happy
And my Texas Senators won't answer my questions? So much for representing their constituents!!! Very frustrating and disappointing!!!
Let them do it. repubs/indies won't care until they get burned. And they will.
Does anyone else wonder what they're distracting us from? The GOP are being childish. Is this just a diversion tactic? From what??
Misguided much? Democratic Party is obstructing everything, wonder what they're hiding?
obamacare is ruthless, so many have died & left suffering and U want more! Dancing in parades while we suffer and die is cruel and heartless
It's beyond "mean": it's unconscionable, vicious and downright evil.
What's mean is how politicians do nothing but obstruct progress
Obamacare: Largest tax increase on the America People ever.  The People that pay the bills(taxes) want to be able to afford things too.
GOP is using religion to take away rights for women, gays &children they're willing to let people die sound familiar 2 another radical group
I bet the secretive NoPublican faux Healthcare bill is worse than Senates bill. Dems: Where is single payer bill scored by CBO?
Please run in 2020.
Oh, I thought it was murder, my bad!
He's playing both sides. Don't be a tool for him.  He stood on the White House lawn & applauded this bill.  ITS HIS -Wake up! @TheDemocrats
The "tax break" is actually the inability to invest in American health and productivity. Not good for America. #makingussickagain
You need to limit your hateful speech
45 can say the GOP health plan is mean all day long, but will he stop them?No.He jst doesn't want ppl to disapprove of him even more.64%now
This would be horrible! GOP always not for the people! What are the voters and supporters are thinking now? Are they happy now!
How does that give billionaires a tax break, Elizabeth? Explain.
Now Elizabeth, you are completely making this all up.  Why?
Why dont we stop all the BS on both sides of asile and go to SINGLE PAYER. Let's see which side embraces which says hell no.
Trump is fulfilling his promise
Repeal Replace ACA.
These 23 million people are not his problem
Cut programs to give tax break to rich
Although I agree with your statement, how do we stop the thousands of people that are "playing the system"?
Is evil. Fixed it again.
All I want to say is that they don't really care about us. -Michael Jackson 
ALL YOU DO IS LIE. AND THE SAD THING ABOUT IT IS YOUR PARTY HAS DUMBED DOWN YOUR FOLLOWERS AND THEY BELUEVE YOU.
Its imoral
It's not 'mean', it a death sentence for a lot of people. Partisan bulls*** obscuring what is a huge problem in American healthcare.
when r u going to tell the Truth about Obama care ???
Mean probably is only the beginning. I hope the citizens are smart enough to be vicious 11/18. Vote them all out! Don't let GA happen again!
Dems are too lazy to go out and rally or meet with their constituents in town halls to explain their platform
And voters too lazy to go vote
Why do we have to go broke to pay for some unemployed persons healthcare?
I had health care the whole time Obama was in office ... As soon as Trump came in office and I filed taxes I was WITHOUT HEALTH CARE...
So , the dems say " its a secret" we dont know  what's in it, so how do they know it will be as terrible as they say? Seems contradictory.
He's never right
Interesting comment when you Dem's say you haven't seen it.
Mean is a poor word , criminal , dictatorial, would be better
Let's just hope that DT didn't think it was too mean because the tax break wasn';t sufficient.  #ResistGOPBullshit
Little lizzy answer this question. What will happen if we leave your obama care as is and not change one thing?  U will never answer this
If it is such a great plan than why don't you opt out of your congressional health plan and sign up for ACA coverage?  And be honest.
Look who is on the war path.  Literally
Blah blah blah more talking points no action.  Time for Liz to go.
They should be getting their own health care! Stay out of insurance business!
Funny. Obamacrap has been a BURDEN on 270M Americans. Dems HATE the middle class and want to kill them. Dems only love rich & poor.

repeating an incorrect cbo number doesn't make it right
And immoral.
Keep whining, while we win!
Help us Senator Warren....you're our only hope.
Heartless, criminal, hateful and wrong on every humanly decent level.
C'mon..mean? You can't use reason to fight corruption.
But, as GA-06 has proven, the people seem to want the GOP to strip them of their healthcare.
I'm sorry but this man is never right. He's a liar.
And after the Repubs make that cut, then what?
Mean?! It's rude, evil, selfish and disgusting!
It is unamerican
Trump thinks it's mean because it didn't mention him.
I thought it was all secretive?
Are those American citizens?
Included, in many cases, only one insurer. 

Could address the real problem?

The cost of care?
Wonder if the Senate GOP's families are going to be impacted. Did they cut a sweet deal for themselves?
Recall I recall correctly, more than triple this number, lost their doctor and/or coverage, and were forced onto the exchanges. Which
True. Scarier, the GOP w/Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan.
I think I saw Hell freeze over. She said Trump was right lol
As they say, even stopped clock is right twice a day. Same with our so-called @POTUS. @GOP priorities hurt average Americans. Nothing new
Trumps big vocabulary. If he doesn't end up in prison, can we just duct tape his mouth for the next 3 1/2 years?  No one will miss him
Don't make too much of him being right. It's probably an accident.
Agree! Mean and heartless @SenWarren
Nah, he just turns well
Happy Birthday @SenWarren
Translation:But @realDonaldTrump is right: The GOP healthcare bill IS mean...."It could be bad for my brand"
Remember when we all worked for what got and bought our insurance without the FED....ya ...good times good times
Why give him accolades E??? You know he's just CYA!!! And yes, no doubt it's "mean"!
How do you know what's in it? You said you haven't read it
What do the Dems care if they have their champagne care Pocahontas?
More lies from a lying Democrat
I am  wondering is there any evidence for the claims that healthcare costs are skyrocketing because of the ACA? or are there other reasons?
It's despicable.
I agree, but the Dems are powerless. It's going to get shoved down are throats one way or another!
Do you have any idea what you are talking about?
I say just let ObummerCare die and start over.  That bill wasn't worth a .
It's more than mean. It's depraved.
Mean? Smh. You Democrats can't BUY an election! Go away Pocahontas!
Please help!!!!
