Lying to the public will backfire
Yeah, if you want proof, just ask Hillary. 
@BostonGlobe Tax plan?? Where is this tax plan Democrats keep spreading propaganda about? #TaxReform
You tell us, the GOP has been marketing the crap out of #taxreform . Full details still a week away. Framework disclosed middle are screwed.
You're a lying #FakeIndian. Why do u people insist on hurting others? You're taking advantage of innocent minds who truly believe this BS. 
Unless you're a 1%er, when the taxes are cut as deeply as projected you'll be among the hurt people. #TryLoveForAChange n you'll b fulfilled
That's a complete lie. Research. Don't just spew what they tell you. 
If you have any credible research to prove me wrong, please share.
Here are the facts. But you'll ignore and keep trusting the incompetent liars. I trust Trump, not clueless idiots.
You couldn't find better than a crook to defend another crook? Even BI admits low income people will pay more tax, contrary 2 the richer ppl
Keep living in your bubble. You're defending the worst crooks alive. I bet u voted for the serial liar, who makes Al Capone look amateurish.
Me voting for serial liar Trump, who just lied about previous presidents not contacting fallen soldiers families, not in my worst nightmare.
@SenWarren congress needs to get to the business of impeachment soon!! What’s taking so long? Please help us.
Hold your breath. LOL
The Koch brothers invested in the @GOP and need their investments to pay off. Not for the American taxpayers, just for them.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
No candidate should be allowed to receive more than 2700. From any source, even pacts. Then we wouldn't have to worry about people like koch
I agree Michael. I think that SCOTUS has had some bad rulings that have damaged campaign finance reform. The whole system needs to be redone
Yes it does need to be reworked. But current Congress would never agree as they are the ones abusing it.
Not a bad idea.
BECAUSE IT'S MY MONEY NOT YOURS! Keep your stealing hands off of MY hard earned money.
Wonder why you’re not still on the reservation!! You’re a pathetic lying criminal just like Islamic Obama and crooked Hillary! POCA.
The Koch brothers don't need a tax cut. Neither do I. What we need is people insured, government services funded, and better transit.
Seems like the lower class and lower middle class never get a break! How can we justify taxing an elder persons social security????
No. I don't wonder. They are greedy & want to create a permanent underclass who's job it is to support the 1%
Oh, & you, @NancyPelosi @HarryReid16 & other Dems seem to have made a lotta $ since hitting Washington.  Come down off your cross, sweetie.
are you and Schumer mind readers?  Cuz neither 1 of u have seen it or know what's in it so it is bogus to make these claims.  You are a liar
These old men will be dead within 5 years. Why do they need more money?

More Demmerroid bs.
Wait until your taxes go up.
Hurry up! Please get him out of there!!!
Do you really not know how Congress works?
The Koch brothers are the 59th largest political donators. So don't go overboard liberals.

Do an investigation of them? Would the same be true for the Oracle of Omaha and George Soros?

Get real
Fauxcahontas up to her lying ways, again.
I wonder why you can't stop lying
The next Dem candidate for President must make an investigation of the Kochs and Mercers part of their platform.
Yes yes, YES!!!  And now, before it's too late!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
If you believe that you are truly an idiot! Stop believing all the lib propaganda!!!
No private monies for candidates then let’s see who gets taken care of?
There's no tax plan yet, Pocahontas.
How sad that she's in Congress and doesn't know that.  
Lady you wouldn't know a working family if you slept next to them in a teepee. Stop the class warfare 
Stop misleading people !  Plan hasn't even been released yet.  Stop the bullshit !
Wonder why a fake Indian spews fake news
Because it doesn’t? Sadly, their isn’t a “plan” yet. Once we SEE the plan, I’ll criticize it with you if it needs it!
Wonder why no one cares a wit about anything you say? Look in the mirror. You’re a socialist.
you want to take from the working class & give to free loaders& illegals.  How is that fair?
Liawatha gonna lie
How about we look at YOUR networth as well, since you took a lot of money from George Soros, a World's famous Communist? Lying Hypocrite!
Wow Warren and Clinton’s sure would benefit from this
I wonder if our senators ever read anything thats put out for a vote. If you ask Pelosi, she reads after. They know citizens won't read it.
the tax plan isn't finished yet, but I think the prospect of 4k/yr tax break for middle WORKING class families is a major plus, u disagree?
Wonder why Elizabeth Warren has to mislead her followers with outright lies like this..? Can you not debate things in a civil manner?
Your healthcare plan stole money and coverage from me while funneling it to the undeserving. Why do you think my earnings are yours?
Not true. So you’re a lying fake Indian now?
If you had a job where you had to do your job you would understand.
Because they are narcissitic sociopaths and would slit one anothers throat for $5 cash. Killing us w/handshakes and back slaps all around.

How much are you getting ?
Why are the Dems “silent?” I see no plan to fight back. If it’s there, it’s invisible!
Why doesn’t the press go after the Koch brothers puppeteering the GOP Congress??
Too bad corrupt @TheDemocrats are no better, like the peeps who lie about being a minority & use affirmative action 2 get a job at @Harvard.
Can you not read???  Quit lying!!
GOP= Lie, Cheat, Steal, Repeat.
Why do those uber-rich Scrooge McDucks keep wanting to stockpile money? You can only use so much at once.
Lie. Where does it say it RAISES taxes on the middle class???!!!!
The Koch Brothers are parasitic Basterds... they will use any means possible to get what they want to hell with the general public
You really need to stop with this false narrative...people can see through youre lies
This is why we got rid of politicians and replaced them with business men and women. U have no idea how economics work. Hence the deficit.
Propaganda
Your a very negative person you instigate  trouble
so Liz, what do YOU have to say about your friend Hillary? Michelle and Barack? They participated in giving RUSSIA US Uranium for BIG $$$
Is me pls what's app me pls on this line 0262728163
Hi
Current batch of wealthy have run country into the ground. These idiots aren't Henry ford or Carnegie. Spoiled brat 1%, tax 'em more!
What planet are you from? So wrong on just about everything! You are pissed because it disrupts YOUR wealth engine. Game over, we KNOW!
Sen Warren supports full and public investigating of Uranium One Deal... FINALLY.
Unfair maneuver.
You do realize, right, that "Koch" is a sanitized version of coke. Their way of covering up the fact they run a Colombian drug cartel.
Pass a tax cut or else ... they are old and worth billions to pass it on their kids tax free
Your intolerable Warren standing up there with Hillary Clinton. Now uranium deal was no conspiracy 145 million to Clinton Foundation corrupt
I never wondered. I had no doubt whom it would benefit or whom it would hurt. Most voters have no illusions regarding tax cuts. The only /1
Thing we wonder about is if our democracy has become an illusion? Because what most ppl R in favor of like universal HC or against such as/2
Tax cuts for the wealthy. Or military weapons with large capacity magazines. Our wishes R ignored or we R placated by some half measure./3
If that happens I'll  gladly go over to the dark side.  Will you admit you were wrong?
They think they can pass the Waltons?
What is the Democrats plan. You know how to complain .Where are your plans for reforming taxes?
I’d like 2C ur taxes Mrs. Warren. U have such an opinion on things-yet ur exempt from OC & I would bet u take all kinds of tax breaks!
PURE GREED
Wicked Warren searching for votes with lies and blaming rich how original
Because they're in the pockets of said billionaires?
Funny since they supported Hillary-not Trump! Tell me y 98% of the rich elites vote democratic every election except Reagan?
While I agree @SenWarren, what have you and Democrats come up with to counter!???
You sure got some big balls to show your face when it comes to taxes is that why you have chubby cheeks?
Because they can! Should be a way to prevent such outrageous plans to exist!
Dems make loopholes 4 the rich 2 keep theirwhile the loop holes aren’t valid 4 the mid class-Thats Y Hollywood s HRC,BO & hate DT
You have it backwards, the gop is doing their best to put more money in the hands of billionaires. Keep up w news And you will see
The Kochs are the purest example destructive greed. Also what is wrong with US electoral campaigns. Why not capped govt-based election fund
Dems make loopholes 4 the rich 2 keep theirwhile the loop holes aren’t valid 4 the mid class-Thats Y Hollywood s HRC,BO & hate DT
koch's, how much money do they need; not our problem they give millions for campaigns.  no tax reform for the rich, they don't need it.
#IndictmentParty (for when it happens)
The @DNC must invest more financial capital-time-resources on corrective marketing 4 the center-right middle class-NOW
They r 2 busy spending millions on campaigns
The majority of wealth is in the hands of a few & they want to make sure it stays that way. Welcome to the United Soviet States of America
Probably the most effective way to rectify your wasteful extravagance.
Then why are they saving billions in taxes the last 8 years under Obama? Dems are kidding nobody.
#Koch brothers’ greed is a bottomless pit. How much money do they need? How much is #GOP willing to take from good #Americans?
Dems make loopholes 4 the rich 2 keep theirwhile the loop holes aren’t valid 4 the mid class-Thats Y Hollywood s HRC,BO & hate DT
It's bs saying activists would walk away, why..they're not billionaires or CEO's? Graham/Mnuchin selling Bill of Goods not Tax reform Bill
“So, take a knee!” He...he...
It's a mystery!
A real mystery. Like how a senator from Searchlight, NV buys land for nothing and sells it for millions.
When was last some Poor person gave somebody a job or started a business and hired Many People?
WH pushing Council of Economic Advisor (CEA) report showing workers get $4000 raise. CEA chair, Hassett, from Conservative AEI serving rich.
Wonder why u voted for Obama care when u knew what it would do to people. Oh wait sorry I'm wrong u voted so u could see what's in it.
How much r u worth again??
The CEA is chaired by Kevin Hassett from Neo-Conservative American Enterprise Institute. We're supposed to believe they care for workers?
Why are they so greedy? They’re mega rich and could never spend it. Greed is a disease - one of the 7 deadly sins.
Wow this is BULL SHIT
Wonder why you shovel crap to America!?  Fake News!
You and Hillary are deplorable!!! 
GO AWAY!!!  
Because everyone else would pro-create and that is not okay!
Nope. They are greed personified. That's what they care about. And they don't care who gets hurt in the meantime.
Trumps & The GOP Tax Plan  .....
Because they're greedy and unfair!
If this was the case you wouldn't be obening your mouth about it.
And you keep saying you are an Indian. 

Hey Bernie.....quit lying to people. Socialism does not work. There is no such thing as a free ride. 
Never going to happen. See you in 8 years.
More lies Elizabeth,  you had 8 years, democrats ripped off the American people.  Nice try though, only people buying is uninformed base.
I’ll bet Tom Steyer won’t balk at a tax cut! Hypocrisy to the nth.
GOP tax cut plans usually work so well for aristocrats cuz all voters hope 2get a fat check in the mail.  They won't. 
Just another Trump lie to the American public.  Let's see if the Senate goes along with his fake tax cuts.
Oh i'm sure @realDonaldTrump is plenty cozy with the Koch bros too. Apparently greed is winning America. Hopefully we'll get you help soon!
Liz Warren lied about her ethnicity for money now she panderers to the poor impoverished masses who didn't think to b dishonest n unethical
Win win for them. They get reimbursed their hundreds of millions in "donations," drive the debt high enough to argue to defund Medicare & SS
Well I guess that'll be good for Georgie Soros
The GOP is on the take--paid off by Koch Bros
Wow
The Koch brothers have one vote each just as you do. Quit voting for their bought guy, vote for someone to speak for you.
IF tax plan does not happen - the USA will be in a full depression within 18 months
On the way now! Pennsylvania 30% hike in insurance premiums already
Yup. The @gop plan sucks. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @dccc @USCBOcostest @POTUS #TaxFairness
Retweet
Still spreading bs PROPAGANDA like you always do..
Ok Fauxahontis, we'll make sure you and your millionaire friends don't get your tax cut!
Because they, as a party, have no conscience. Money rules over everything.
Koch and don't forget Mercers, Adellson, etc.
Because they don’t have enough ...GREED!  PURE GREED!
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_politics/2017/10/black_leaders_irked_with_liz_warren … #BLACKS #FOR #TRUMP
If a Liberal is squealing?...you're doing something right
Well, they can just suck it.  I'm tired of this "brave new world" and I don't like it.  The tax cut won't be good for me.
Wondering why Dems are protecting the insurance companies and AARP? Tell us Liz. Tell us about the Koch and Soros money the Dems accept too.
Read the tax bill folks it only helps people like poor & middle class period
What a lie Elizabeth I’m so tired of democrats lying to democrats hurting democrats to make republicans look bad & stalling the economy
#Smoke and #mirrors. #Lies and #deception. #MAGA is #abetterdeal!
has anyone asked Walmart heirs what they want? 
The rest we know..  Trump wants a Tax Cut.   Isn't this violating the law?
Try reading "Dark Money" it will fill in the answers you're missing.
Dims were in office for 8yrs and no tax relief! Why????????
Billionaires don't now or have ever paid taxes. We pay it in higher cost of goods and services you idiot. You're hurting the middle class
Wonder why you are so blind and making stuff up all the time.  Would be tough to have to pay attention to a actual facts.
Koch family did dirty w/Nazis;blood $+millionsGOP pockets who scream 4 Weinstein' charitable donations 2 be given back. Oh the hypocrisy!
You're funny, Pocahontas.
Cause the Kochs don't have ALL of our money!
Same phenomenon in india
YAZ buts blue collar guys won't see it so's gives it to da guys dats wills. #GOP
Pay offs to 1% and taking food from a baby? No Humanity
Not much to wonder about; the word is -greed. We are quickly dividing /identifying by the Capital Sins. Greedy-Generous, Hateful-Loving,etc
YOU don't like it because you make so much money teaching one class that it puts your hypocrite self in a higher bracket. Too bad, so sad!
same old lame talking point from Pocahontas!
They need to go. I'm sick of Trump's. B.S.
Didn't you get paid 6 figures to teach 1 class at Harvard? Seems like you could have saved some kids $ by taking a smaller salary.
I want a 100% tax cut.  I'm tired of you government people stealing my money, you should ALL be in jail.
Is it because their leader is a deranged animal?
They have more money than they can spend! Why do they need to take more from honest working people?
Hello
Democrats want US socialist communist high taxes no jobs for people government control of everybody soup lines and homeless.
All about those KOCH BROTHERS.....always about the money!
Did you forget your meds

Elizabeth Warren you are worth millions.Why don’t you payback for manipulating the system to get into colleges and get a job at Harvard
They paid for this President.  Now they want their reward!
Everyone who works wants the tax cut..
Yeah they need the tax cut to buy more politicians that will alter policy to allow them to make more money. It is a malignant cycle.
What is the democratic proposed tax reform plan? Everything is Trump and GOP bad. What do Dems stand for? Taxes, healthcare, immigration?
Your state has or is one of the highest taxes in the county maybe you should focus on that. Hypocrite
No, because the reason why is in your explanation.
Simply put, that's what politics is about. The mantra would sound like this; Serve them who benefit you the most.
I want the Kochs to just pay their darn taxes!
Sounds like intent to control elections & policy to me. Thanks to the Repub Supreme Court, money wins, voters lose.
Read the book Dark Money by Jane Mayer. Great history of the Kochs involvement in politics and some stuff about their dealings with Soviets.
Shut up you support a liar like Hillary & Obama who take money from Wall Street.  You all make it rich for a 100k a year job? Guilty too!
We don't trust Democrats lady...
Because they're a bunch of rich, entitled assholes.

Greedy bastards. No amount of wealth is enough. They want a bigger & bigger piece of the pie for themselves.
#VoteForChange   VOTE the #GOP  out of office: Rock the Vote 2018
