Where do you get your facts Colleen?
health is a human right only great nations understand that &guarantee it : Make every nation a great nation @RobertoValentUN @SenSanders @UN
Healthcare is not a right. Just like owning a car is not a right.
A Car=an object NOT a HumanBeing #HumanRights R INHERIT 2 HUMANBEINGS We must b thankful most people can seeAgree on that @RobertoValentUN
Liz, don't the people in these states/areas count?
Warren needs Mental Care.
And the Orange buffoon doesn't?
Put a shirt on.
If I want eggs over easy I go to the Waffle House.
Kinda hypocritical to criticize ANY picture when you won't show your own. LOL.
Senator you are the biggest fraud in America. Using racism as a grand stand, proves Dems have nothing but identity politics.

Vote #navalny2018
Yeah let's stall healthcare reform for just a little longer and make conditions worse in the process. Great plan, Dems! #MAGA
ypu got a good HC plan? Republicans don't. Let's make the ACA better til all Americans are covered.
I am SO disappointed in you. How can you follow burnie slanders??? He's NOT a Democrat and is hijacking our party. NO MONEY FROM ME!
He is more honest and proud to be a democrat. He didn't rig the Democrat National Convention. Hillary and her followers did.
Honest about his Hedge Funds? About his wife robbing the college she was on the board of? Honest about his career? 
Are you Russian spreading more fake news. I sure that if either Burnie or his wife broke the law they would have been charged and jailed.
What the hell are you babbling about?!
Yea now we can’t afford it! Thanks! #Omabacare a #Democrat disaster .. HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH @realDonaldTrump .. it’s called #OBAMACare
Around again...  They're busily trying to pass a worse version in secret again.
You can't even tweet anything remembering 9/11!!!!!!! How disgusting are you not to even mention it on your feed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Elizabeth Warren needs to stop campaigning.
Please, please, please run for President in 2020. You're one of the only sane voice in the US government right now.
@TurnTwo363 Senator Warren is truly a warrior in congress!!! She inspires all of us to fight right along with her. 
Hahaha sickos!  I hope pocahontas does run, would be worse than Clinton.
Elizabeth Warren for President in 20/20 .. She will mop up the floor with Donald & Bannon
I won't even mention VP Pence .. He's not his own man yet .. His wife Karen Sue on the other hand I could see her in a Senator Position ..
You need to retire
Back to her reservation maybe? #LiberalLies
Hey Liz .. you need to lead the D party ... Educate America now!
Anything she said would be lies. Go ahead and deny it @SenWarren. That'd be another lie. #LiberalLies
i love you elizabeth ... all these haters are likely russian trolls...keep doing what youre doing!
I'd vote for Warren/Franken
I think you should, you must ran for president. Democrats loves you.
Love you for your dedication and your 'persistance'!
It also depends on what you have. I have a sister who's dying of lung cancer. Doctors have written her off, she has about 5 months they say.
My daughter Annie she has Crohn's Disease. She just had bowel resection surgery.  
Healthcare is life or death for her!!!  #SaveTheACA
My sister in law went thru the same surgery. It takes a while to heal but she will make it.
My son had this surgery in 2007 at 16. Although his was with an Illeostomy. Yes, I have two kids with Crohn's Disease & no I don't have it.
Sweet victory, keep fighting @marcorubio @SenBillNelson FL despite Irma is still awake & ready to fight!
We will keep fighting! If GOP stopped the sabotage and worked to improve ACA, get off big Pharma payroll, would have lower rates!
Ok, I know this is far afield of the immediate issue, but...  Warren 2020! Let's GO!
Thank you for all of your hard work, Senator Warren.
National debt is over $20 trillion. Taxation is theft. Inflation is a tax.
If Trump gets his way, you will find you have not seen anything yet! Bigger deficits caused by big tax breaks for the wealthy & corporations
Tax breaks for all. I do not care about Trump. I did not vote for him. Hold Congress accountable.
Here is a novel idea. We need to tax leftover disposable income, not our paychecks.
You are my inspiration
Thank you for fighting so hard for Everyone not just your own party. Any Leader should know attitude, caring and giving is a part of the job
And did you use it? I worked med ins for 25 yrs. Even worked for Tom Price. It saved thousands of lives. I know. I saw it. Did you have it?
Thank you for fighting the fight
Dear @SenWarren 
We will always show up when we're attacked. If Congress wld do their Job & #ImpeachTrump , this Battle & Others wld be Over
Trump is a psychotic idiot and has caused a lot of trouble. Pence would be his replacement. He is smarter and more more dangerous.
Call us libtards,snowflakes or woman bleeding all over the place. We will gather a Blue tsunami and wash away selfish uncaring gop congress.

Let's get @SenFranken on board
Keep drinking her Koolaide MA and the country will keep sliding.
Run
Conservatives right now:
Your healthcare is trash!
You're just as bad an actress as you are a Senator
Retire while you are young enough to enjoy it.!
Donald for 2020.     Let s see a second wave of resistence. Long lead the trump !!!!!
We #Love @SenWarren @elizabethforma #MApoli #GodBlessAmerica #GODBLESSTHEUSA having @SenateDems making #Children #Students have Future Amen.
I pay 11,000.00 a year for health insurance and got cancer and 11,000.00 a year in Co pays 33,000.00 I pay out of pocket affordable when
Run Lizzie Run Lizzie Run Lizzie Run 2020 2020 2020
I wish we had more folks like YOU in both the house and the senate. God bless you Senator.
I think you mean destroyed. Have you seen how terrible healthcare is in countries that have univ. hlthcare?im sure you'll be exempted tho.
Love you, Senator Warren!  Thanks for all you do!
Mrs Warren. Saved What?  Healthcare care known as Obamacare has already failed. Look at all the counties with no options. Good job, 
We want Trump impeached and all those idiots who blindly serve him due to money!
John @SenJohnMcCain saved Obama Care.
Thank you so much for supporting "Bernie's Bill."
You radical looney tune Nut Job ! Lie away
Talk about being out of touch with reality Holy
....still could
better have someone start looking @ leos.the aggression is getting worse.
Please RT

@PortlandPolice throwing a flash grenade at journalists attempting to film a violent arrest.…
She's always promoting fighting.  You ever wondered why:
A buffoon in action how stupid are Americans to listen to this creature
And bankrupting country for next generation but hey Warren buys some votes what does the stupid Dem care not her money
And are hel
Thank you for being a leader!
Run for President @SenWarren we need you
Men to that!
More ACA fleecing of America. Not much to celebrate here.
Why dont the DNC reimburse thier extreme premiums and deductibles??
so let's save america stop  this trump game w the russian in the white house unless it's turning into russia  and US will be outside  in
They just prolonged the death of the ACA. Why don't you fix it or better yet resign so someone competent can.  #cfpd #warren #trainwreck
You might have Healthcare but I can't afford it...!
Amen
Hello & thank you, Sen. Warren. Does your support of Medicare For All extend to separating health coverage from employment? Truly for All?
Thank you! There is no health without heath care!
Saved??? You mean ruin

LIVE: Senator Elizabeth Warren "rises to support" $100B increase (~20%) in US military looting https://www.c-span.org/video/?433961-2/us-senate-takes-defense-authorization-bill&live# …
We need mandatory classes for all VA health care providers to take military Sexual Trauma course. Three doctors at Gainesville VA hos. not k
This was the best, and thank you for taking my question as the last question in Concord
Please help pass the Military Justice Improvement Act, sponsored by Senator Kristen Gillibrand. Thank you!
Veterans need a law passed that terminates VA doctors that are verbally, and psychologically abusive to veterans. I went to my Congressmen.
On 9/11 all you could find the time to do was promote yourself? Not even an acknowledgement of the day? Shameful
What about the millions paying absorbent prices with deductible so high they cannot even use it.  Which basically is no insurance!!!!
They don't you get the same health care plan the rest of us got stuck with?
We need universal single payer healthcare. No more price gouging. We need you to fight the good fight for us. America has waited too long.
Didn't save us.We pay full price & we face IRS penalty & no insurance or not pay the mortgage.Quit patting yourself on the back#Fake Papoose
fix Obamacare &get to work retrieving the 8 trillion Obama &his goons stole after borrowing it from China, amen @realDonaldTrump
I bet you can't wait for Oct when insurance companies make their policy decisions. Just remember you saved it.
Pocahontas
You are so welcome Sen.Elizabeth Warren 
Obamacare is garbage I hope some day they take away McCain's doctors and Pocahontas' medicine man.
Congress like Elizabeth do not have Obama Care.  Since they want it so bad let's give it to them.
The votes aren't enough to salvage it - the Administration is dramatically reducing time and publicity for enrollment, trying to defund.
Fake news. No emails were received.
Please run in 2020! We need you! 
You have made the poor poorer, you don't give a shit about freedoms and everything you say is vile. #WarrenForPrison
That was a trap from Obama to get 4 more yrs. but look it now.
STOP PLAYING GRUBER
I never could have imagined you being ok with spending $700 billion on our military. What a disappointment you've become. #NotProgressive
Will you be part of this crappy 1 payer socialist system you want to force on or you going to continue with your current plan 
Obama and you democrats destroyed healthcare and if allowed to continue it will cost to much to have for anyone but those on welfare!! Squaw
We must not rest because Republicans are still in office
3 Repubs voted with Demos. We need to stop talking about what is good for the partys and concentrate instead on what is good for America.
Still dont have cheap health care wtf are you talking about
Every time i try to use it they tell me they dont cover that .be cheaper for me to pay fine
Elizabeth Warren would make one hell of a President I would love  to see run against Trump can you imagine the debates
You still own Obamacare #fail and everybody's rates are going up except your Taxpayer Funded Golden Plan. You should be removed from office.

Since @POTUS44 destroyed healthcare in this country, what do you have, Pocahontas?
Thank you Elizabeth Warren.
So does this confirm @SenWarren for @PotusUSA2020 ?
It's NOT over yet! Don't make people who follow you feel complacent!
Just be clear, Ted Kennedy the murderer? Right? Congratulations!
Health care will be save when everyone contribuity. No one wants to be a burden people want to work. Unless is dying.
Just a fix it
loved hearing you speak in concord and taking a photo with you
Elizabeth and Kamala 2020 or most likely sooner since this administration can't possibly last. They are all Russian  bought & paid for!
Just like the 5 Corporate Stooge Supreme Court Justices that voted against voters in Citizens United. Nothing conservative about them at all
Retire. Your part of the 20 plus trillion problem we have.
You lying pc of sh*t. Show me the states with more than 1 insurer? thought so pocohantas
I WANT MY MONEY,Liz,ARE you just another thieving politician,I know you know!!!
I want to be you when I grow up
Liz if obamacare is so great why aren't you and the rest of congress on it?  It's about time y'all join social security too.
Senator Warren, you and your fellow representatives should have the same health care as all of america.
Health care hasn't been saved yet.
RUN LIZ,RUN
Omg you sheep love her for treating you like sheep. Smh
Wth are you talking about woman? That's ending, obamacare is about to be extinct
Thank you from here in MA!
No Trump is saving healthcare after your party destroyed it.  #Liawatha rides again.
The people rule
The steamroller/tug-of-war model has not worked for POTUS, so I'm praying for more "bipartisanship," i.e., getting things done for us.
Pocahontas we have no Health Care in Arizona we can't afford it that stupid Obama cares too expensive
Oh my gawd!!!  SHUT UP.  Saved healthcare???  How much do you pay every month?  Carrier?
We need Medicare for all -- it is time
If you'd stop being obstructionists and work with those who can develop a truly efficient and affordable health care plan. Obama failed.
The SAD thing is it was won by ONLY one vote. @GOP has proven three times HEALTHCARE was NEVER priority. It was the tax cuts for 1%, baby!
Thank you for being there for the 99%! Together we can do ANYTHING! You are an amazing statesman, Ma'am! <3 <3 <3
Repeal it now, or at a minimum ZERO subsidies for congress and staff.
Saved? It was just thrown on the Dems laps to handle. Where's the money going to come from now?
Lady u are waysting  your breath.Thank God for loosing.
I'm all for health care, however Elizabeth, I haven't forgotten the time you tried to stick it to the people you claim to serve.
I did not and am so much happier that I did not!!
Sen. Warren we need UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE! No one should have to lose a loved due to ability to pay!
Sorry Sen Warren but my health care was fine until you Democrats screwed it up with the ACA.. thanks so much because now I pay 5 times more
@KellyannePolls HRC talks about herself? Try Sen Warren.. posted this gem & it went something like this: I said, I did, I, I, I, more I's...
Miss Warren for president 
We need more conscientious Congress people like Elizabeth Warren and John McCain. That would be the next grade president ticket.
We need you for our first lady president 
As a Democrat, I don't want your healthcare solution.
Amen keep up the work that u do & we're praying 4 u!
Yes, protect insurance and pharma after all bought and paid for.  What about the real people?
I would love to debate you SENATOR
Saving obama care will bankrupt millions.  Great job Pocahontas
Nothing people did made a difference. This was John McCain giving the republicans the finger because he lost his bid for the presidency
Democrats own Obamacare in the 2018 elections. Keep up the rah, rah and tighten that noose.
Pocahontas is at it again.  Just about useless.
I'm always fighting the good fight.....STRONGER TOGETHER!
Will unfollow if you keep posting liberal bullshit.
We need younger candidates like Joe Kennedy
Stupid politician!  Paying $1200 a month for insurance does not sound like it was saved!  Just paying more so people can get more free stuff
Yuk
Thank you Senator Warren for having our backs.  Together we can win.
Thank you
You are a magician Lizzy my girl. You have people convinced that more big govt is a good thing with high debt and you in charge. #lemmings
I have a question, What is happening to Healthcare in America RIGHT EFFING NOW?! I'm guessing nothing good (others in gov't agree).
Thanking God for trump and defeating corrupt hillary hope and pray hillary will come to know jesus as her savior..john3:16
She really is a leader & a gutsy one at that. Come on Elizabeth run for POTUS IN 2020!
Bernie and You are our hope.  Help build up the young!
They think you will lose, do not believe them. RUN!
Oh bother...
Ted Kennedy.. the guy who drove off a road, left a woman to drown, & didn't report it for 10 hours? You got applause for referencing him??
You do know that a government program is not healthcare... right? #Backtoworksenator
Socialism for all is Warrem's platform
You kidding. You sided with @HillaryClinton when you should have fought for @SenSanders and now you want to ride on his coattail to POTUS.
You didn't save health care, you only made it worse!!!!
Haha, not the Healthcare SHE has. She is exempted.
Remember when you were going to fix Medicare fraud as part of Obamacare? Never happened #fraudforall
right because of people like you 25 million people have healthcare that is useless, too expensive, hope you are very proud of yourself!

The medical industry thanks you!
Thank you Senator Warren. You are awesome.
