On the Senate floor now to fight for Title X & women’s health care centers. Watch: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
As an Indiana resident I am used to having to fight the war for reproductive rights from Pence and co.
I am sick to death of right wing religious extremists invading government and inflicting their beliefs on all women.
there is little difference between their ideology and Taliban. Oppressing women not enough. Now they are legislating to limit
research, science, knowledge, even the words we use. Total domination by religious ideology must be #RESIT ed and exposed.
I'm am from IN as well, and you hit the nail on the head. Pence has always been bad news.
We have got to bring the fight home. IN state legislature is the worst on social and not held accountable. Young is a pawn, Donnelley weak.
Agreed.
This isn't about politics.The @GOP does not abide by the rule of separation of Church & State.They believe only their God should rule.
I also believe our God should rule, but the stuff they are doing is contrary to Christ's teaching or mandate!
What about those who arent Christians? May be doing what they think is right. Could still B wrong 4 others. MANY others. NO religion POL
When we do what is right following the law, we want to feel like a good person by being law abiding. Why? Be a good person to who/for what?
It is ingrained in our humanity because we are created to be good, not something God regrets.
You are really personifying God a lot.
He is personal with me so that's how I am with Him.
Can only be a good thing. 
MUWAH
The Republicans are idiots who don't care about the average Americans!!!
he's disgusting and so uncaring of women and their health. Sick these men are disgusting!!!!!!
Pay for your own vaginal care.
Those against birth control should look at castration. Man up, misogynistic pig hypocrites. Put your money where your dick is.
Not against birth control..against everyone else buying it for you..woman up!!..buy your own
Keep ur moneymaker in your pants dude
Keep your legs closed!
Hitler made women have children. Pence does not have right to control my womb or vagina, no right to take away my right 2 family planning.
I've been to Planned Parenthood They don't Provide Cancer screenings or HIV tests in most states Indiana being one of them.
Pence  is waiting for Trump to be impeached or quit so  force his brand of woman hating religion on the whole country. #resistance
Doesn't like women.  Doesn't like gays.  Raises question of what he does like
He believes that white Christian men are superior to everyone else, giving them the God given right to control others. He wants a Theocracy.
he should die. Because he's asking the same from the public.
sounds like you hate the 1st amendment. You suck at being an American.
BS!!..its about murdering children!
Are you happy that abortion has reduced the Afro-American population growth by 30M
And why should we be providing birth control to any adult anywhere? You dont buy my toilet paper do you?
Yes he did my little Indian Princess. He is a great MAN. A doer not a TALKER or unhinged shreiker like you.
Awesome job Pence!
God might be on to something with these @RepublicanGOP who have erectile dysfunction. Let's follow God's will. No to Viagra!
300,000 abortions a year from PP.  We are not responsible for your justification to murder children.  You need 2 mirrors, one for each face.
women's rights are human rights, and human rights are women's rights. This shouldn't be a partisan issue. #IStandWithPP
Why should I (as a taxpayer) have to pay for women's birth control?
no taxpayer abortions!!!! health care yes, taxpayer funded abortion NO
I thought that was what Planned Parenthood and ObamaCare was for? How many programs are we paying for??? Maybe we should cut more.
to many Pocahontas just wants workers taxed more for useless programs she uses fear to get foolish followers wndup
Praise the Lord for VPOTUS CASTING HIS VOTE! PP primary emphasis is on abortion kinda think Sen Warren knows that.
Hag.
These people with @realDonaldTrump  are disgusting
No you people that have and support murdering children are the truely discusting ones..
- Republicans trying to get back on the good side of Trump and Pence. Satan wanted to FORCE people to do things HIS way too.
No other place people can get these services,  places that don't sell parts of viable, living human beings for a profit?
Have you always lied; or, did you start with the Native American nonsense? Either way, you’ve become prolific. Practice makes…
He would rather provide them with a job so they can buy their own damn birth control.
A job will provide money for all the rest I just didn't think t was nesessary to list them all. #Duh
Title X is taxpayer funded abortions. All other PP services are covered under your precious ACA. No need for PP.
LOL..Defunded now. No more tax $$s going toward abortion chop shops.
Maybe you should stand up for the women you pay 20k a yr less than the men that work for you, hypocrite.
Hell holds a special place for scum Like Pence and " Orange Julius." Talk about going to hell in a handbag? Canada will be building a wall !
Considering your female staff make an average of $20K/yr less than your male staff, they may need it.
Is this a Women's issue - like equal pay for females? Why do your women staffers get $52,750, compared with $73,750 for men?
they only care about themselves. Stop this terrible nomination. Barack should have appointed the new justice!
Abstain best birth control.  Which is what your parents should have done. You don't know or understand the word bipartisan wah wah wah
And Trump has the gall to pretend that he appreciates women-yeah, if the're models with large breasts...go Senator!
maybe pay them better and they can afford health care...
Low income women have access to these services at any local clinic. Planned Parenthood dose not provide these.
http://www.hannity.com/articles/hanpr-election-493995-493995/hypocrite-pocahontas-warren-pays-female-staffers-15708429/ …
Whoopsie, Fauxcohontas.
As he should! Women shouldn't rely on govt to provide reproductive health care.
Defunfd planned Parenthood!
Elizabeth Warren supports selling of baby parts. Sad....
When is the country going to wake up
.@SenWarren @VP Put a sock in it Pocahontas
Title X is a bipartisan program to provide birth control, cancer screenings & HIV tests, & @VP Pence cast the tiebreaking vote attacking it
Maybe his wife said not to support it? Or have dinner with other women without her there. #NuffSaid
great job Vice President Pence defund planned parenthood Overturn Roe v Wade the right to commit 1st degree MURDER Lyawatha
Terrible! But I don't think that Pence ever saw a bill that would harm women and did anything other than approve it...
Please Elizabeth never give up the fight
I Beleive Pence hates his Children!WhyElseWouldHeSay He Wished God Would Ask Him toSacrifice HIS CHILDREN 4 GOD BUT WOULD WAIT GCHILD ToDoIt
*Believe  
I Beleive Pence hates his Children!WhyElseWouldHeSay He Wished God Would Ask Him toSacrifice HIS CHILDREN 4 GOD BUT WOULD WAIT GCHILD ToDoIt 
I always bought my own birth control and didn't expect the government to take care of me. I'm a strong woman, not a helpless woman.
shame in him!
Good for Pence, we don't need to subsidize these reckless people for poor choices, Warren is an idiot.
More freebies from the Democrats. Can't anyone take care of themselves
It will take a long time but we will clean up their mess!
Because the majority of Americans do not want to pay our taxes to kill babies.
speaking of false, what's behind the mask covering the face of vice- president. Pence?
Tell the truth Pence voted against killing babies not against women's health. You are from the party of the lie.
Hyperbole much?
If this is true why the hell is Obamacare so expensive thought we were paying such high premiums to cover these for people who can't afford
Why are you ashamed to say it was a program to provide abortion.
The bill gives the states the option on what to do with the money. Again, Trump is getting the Feds out & giving power back to states.
VP Pence is a menace. And sneaky. Not trustworthy.
, good for US!!  PP is not needed!  Obamacare, would cover these tests. So PP doesn't need my tax money.
Include prostate cancer screenings and condoms and I'll support.  Throw in Viagra and I'll make phone calls.
#sad
hey  jen_nene88 can bitch about things but cant handle the truth shes against free speech she will block u if she doesnt agre
boy Pocahontas you have alot of fools that follow you, but hey im done paying for others to get abortions make them get ins
yes he did and that is why he cannot succeed the buffoon
hey warren all those are provided when you have insurance we dont need special programs for it stop trying to tax us more
Well he is Trumps lacky. Can't expect anything from him either.
PP doesNt provide pREnatal help, noR deliver babies. No mammograms either. PP will survive less feed funds. Use $ to help ALL
He really is an evil man who obviously has a problem seeing women as human beings.
This is so wrong. Why aren't we hearing about this in the news?
Have u done DNA analysis to identify ur Roots? Sample would need to be by a respected MD in public and then sent for analysis anonymously.
Planned parenthood found my cancer, please don't take this away from all my sisters!!!
Follow Alveda King. She is an inspiration and tells /lived both sides of the story.
keep fighting! This administration disgusts me
No... Pence a MAN had to stick up for ALL the babies you and your kind love to kill!
Great for Pence. God bless him
Isn't all that covered under Obamacare?
Good for him.
Pence is writing his path to extinction. #Party of Neanderthals
he is a simpleton weasel !
Guess women will just have to pay to murder their own fetuses now. NOT WITH MY TAX DOLLARS! Fauxahonas
Those republican men don't want to fund anything that would affect women, muslims, non-white people, poor people, etc. Fund Viagra though!
unforgivable!!!
Two Rino votes does not make this bipartisan.
I would bet money that yes Pence is a repressed gay man.
SUCH a surprise
So happy to hear it went down in defeat, Like most liberal things, it sucked.
@trumplandiaaa @VP The VP voted to shut down your precious kill facilities. Funding will always be available for women's health!
He who would have been voted out as governor, won't eat a meal alone with a woman, Merkel? He is now making these decisions.
Wonder how many trump & cohorts have "pictures" on? Nunes? Pence? A bunch of the gov't I bet .@AdamsFlaFan .@BryanDawsonUSA .@PuestoLoco
Give it a rest Liawatha.  Certainly hoping MA wakes up and orders a recall election.  You haven't Fooled them all.  Howie Carr loves you!
Keep up the good fight. You should have run for president
and why exactly should I have to pay for these for others?
I support @PPact
Watch it lizard.
8 years from now he's going to be our president!
Why was Obama spying on Trump associates who had nothing to do with Russia?
we taxpayers do not want our tax money to pay for abortions. Let women decide what to do with their bodies but not use tax $
Your work for social justice and Humane action is much appreciated.#senwarren
This is vile!
So grateful!  The Federal Government has no business in funding PP. Not in its enumerated powers.
Yeah, Mike sent it to the States. Ur just mad that he's not an adulterer like you, so u attack him. FQHCs do more than PP for Wmn's Health!
Let's #DrainTheWhiteHouse. #IStandWithPP
So what's new Pence hate women even if he is marry
No, untrue.  But he does believe taxpayers shouldn't pay for your mistakes.  Abortion isn't "PLANNING" it's "DAMAGE CONTROL'
Go get em, we are depending on you and supporting you
Doom and gloom.... Doooooooom and glooooooom
if you really cared about the things listed here you would've separated them from ABORTION in a separate bill!!! #lies #fake
As a woman who has had breast cancer, I say that @VP has behaved in a decidedly un-Christian manner.
Bet he wouldn't cast that vote against prostate cancer.
makes0sense.GOPdoesn't want 2 cover prenatal healthcare Who is going 2 pay & care4 all babies rejected because they are born w-disabilities?
Progressives must be a bulwark against the republicans dark age mentality towards women.
Repubs don't want equal pay for equal work, sexual assault crimes prosecuted, child care, abortion rights, nor diversity in the work place.
The reason Republicans did this is simple, they hate women. They believe women should be at home, pregnant, and subservient to their husband
He is absolutely despicable!
Giving States rights according to US Constitution is not attacking.  Central Fed control is  goal of  Dictators
Do you know what federalism is? Can you define it in this context?
Because he is an evil twisted man. He is a danger to all that we stand for. He believes the religion he half follows is law of the land.
of course- this is what we will expect everytime - Let's have independents & Dems join forces and strategize for the Republic
States will still get funding, just not for abortions. Pay for your own f-ing abortion!!
And he was sporting such a nasty smirk when he did that. He believes that someone died & made him king.
Thank you for fighting him.
Sorry moon bat, he was elected POTUS. Warren is a loon.
Pence does not like women.
Pence is a phobe.
cookoo cookoo cookoo what a nut from your favorite Massachusetts voter
Mike Pence is a DICK!  Just like the rest of the SWAMP.....
And how do we stop his evil acts?  I prefer Christian behavior to his evil ways.
Killing babies and selling body parts is a Christian thing? What!
Thank you for being a voice for women, Elizabeth Warren!
Clearly, this administration cares nothing for  women's health.
neither does baby butchers and body part snatchers.
Can't find title C in the constitution, so I will defer to the #VP
@RonnyRotten5150 @VP we should tell him it covers Viagra, Maybe he would support it then.
Lmao
What does women's health have to do with my tax dollars paying for abortions? The best form of birth control is to not have sex. Morals?
Yes Elizabeth tie breaker vote ... You lost cry ing ain't going to help that's democracy at work
Good now maybe children will get to grow up instead of legally murdered with tax money
Thought the #ACA took care of those healthcare items?
Shameful !!
help us please!
what can be done now to get it back?
Thx you for fighting for us.
he's as bad as Trump!
Unfortunately, I'm not the least bit surprised by this.
I am disgusted. Hoosier women lead the way in censure of Pence. We'll be turning up the heat, now. Resist and Persist. 
This is what happens with religious zealotry.
Abortion is NOT healthcare chief full of bull!
if this was about methods to help male erections there would be no debate or discussion. No value for women
All that are provided 4women in thousands of clinics & Dr's across the country w/o Tax payer money!
What does a FAKE Indian know
Go! Mike Pence
With his deep religious respect for women. He must save them by oppressing them. Available HC may make more abortions.. SMH
He doesn't look like but Pence is dangerous! He has his hidden agenda and whenever finds opp tries to realize! Keep an eye on him always.
The Vice President did what we voted fore him to do....You liberals need to get over the election loss. The country sees what losers you are
Thank you Elizabeth for fighting and being a strong woman for us all. We love you.
Wow
@VP is as illegitimate as @realDonaldTrump he accepted the post &backed 100% #Trumps lies. BOTH need 2b impeached & charged 4 #Collusion
Lies 
Thank you for spreading the word on this. The Russian mess will eat up all the news space for a while.
We will not forget.
hooray
