We released a report card tracking lobbyists & insiders who have worked for @realDonaldTrump since the election. https://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1751 …
Our report shows: @realDonaldTrump’s team cares more about lining their longtime employers & buddies’ pockets than helping working families.

So childish Gayle Baily.
As long as you go down the drain soon, mrs. warren, America will be even greater.

The problem is Republicans want a one party system .They don't want Bipartisan. Negotiations should be at the top of agenda.
For all .
Instead of fighting to bring back Glass-Steagal, you supported Dodd-Frank... that's says everything we need to know about you and lobbyists
You could help by leaving.
well, he promised to drain the swamp, but he'd say he never promised he wouldn't refill it.
The swamp is just getting bigger & deeper & murkier.
Trump is pure establishment.
He's the head
Why did he even say "drain the swamp" in the first place, when he was already planning to expand it? #ImpeachmentNOW #LockHimUp
Keep Fighting Senator!  We are with you!
With her in what? What is she doing to help our country? Please let me know!!!!!!!
Unless I missed an executive order, as a woman I still have freedom to make choices and express my opinion.  For now...
I asked what is she doing to help our country!!!! Can you tell me please!
Crickets lol that what u hear
You will be lucky to be in the Senate after 2018. If we are draining the swamp then vote @va_shiva for Senate 2018
Keep us not working and obliged to your hand outs... We'll keep voting for ya... It's sick! People wake up!!
Oh Yeah Trillions in debt....we are broke!!! Wake up people we need jobs!!!
Trump supporters don't care what he does.
Besides bashing Trump...... What have you done to help our country!
Besides tweeting, golfing, and Russian collusion, what's Trump done?
He has taken too many orange shits in the White House. When he is impeached, everything will have to be disinfected
You have such a great way with words!
What is left when #trump drains the swamp? 

PONDSCUM

#Scum #pondscum
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
#ImpeachTrump 
MAGALOL
#MAGALOLWHATAJOKE
And open eyes......
Keep fighting this bullshit! 45 is exceding my bad expectations. He's a cartoon. And his illustrators have been huffing the art supplies.
Your right because he didn't get rid of you you
Just like Obama . He was going to clean up DC and instead made it worse than ever. More money and more lobbyists
Not capable of telling the truth.
You still need to be drained biaaatttchhh!!!!
Ya he turned the swamp into a sewer..and has all the rats to go with it..
U R pontificating deceit again Elizabeth. Trump Org employees are paid above what you and Hilary pay ppl to work. Women excel in Trump Org
My experience is he doesn't pay anyone unless you sue him. Gov jobs are graded cant pay more unless qualified.
Grab a brain. Tell your ignorant answer to the Awan Bros. Check out their enormous benefits and PAYOLA from the Dems,Do ur research
I can't believe anyone actually believed that lie in the first place.
That is my biggest struggle also. How could of you bought into that lie factory?
Trump is the swamp or sewage system. He was never a leader and never will be. He's a cheater and a sociopathic, compulsive liar.
Don't forget money launderers and Russians. #treason

You are part of the problem , not the http://solution.you  fight every move he makes ...lol so too bad
Trump came to Washington to create policy to retain wealth for the 1%. He cares bout tax cuts for the rich, not health insurance for all!
A Wealthy Fool Never Turn Away Money
At least he got rid of the James Comey and Loretta Lynch. Obama/Clintons totally fukked DOJ, FBI & State by politicizing it! Fix THIS now!
Has issued at least 16 waivers 4 these people, & made the waivers public only when forced 2 do so. Wanted them in the closet w/visitor logs.
Snore.

Hey  Pocahontas We don't believe a word you say.
I know u r exhausted Sen Warren, we r 2. It's all unnecessary impeach trump for Emoluments Clause to stop the bleeding. Treason can b later.
Strange reaction, from the supporters of the slave party  (democrats )nobody cares as long as welfare checks keep flowing
Elizabeth Warren. The lady who built her entire career on lies and fraud.
Oh, you mean her groundbreaking work in The Two Income Trap?

Oh, no, you mean the slanders your low-information brain takes as fact.
That's just freaking ridiculous
Like what?
She actually never put that on her application. So she's horrible bc she's a liberal. Even though she's one of the few in gov trying to
Are you joking? He is dry humping the swamp, tonguing the swamp, trying to get his stumpy fingers in side the swamp's pants.
If Harvard & Trump claimed he was part Native American to gain attention, what would you say or do?
Clearly it isn't drained.  You're still there!
You're confused Liz, the real draining starts with the 2018 midterms. Jeff Diehl for Massachusetts in 2018
28 follower troll yeah he is very qualified for the job ha ha ha ha... After the election he will called "NO Diel"
He drained the swap and replaced them with toxic chemicals!
This nonsense that Drumpf an outsider conman for decades was going to drain the swamp!  #TrumpkinsAreSuckers
You're the swamp and your still there 
Yep... your swampyness is still there
Oh Lizzy ( Pocahantis) please.... Why don't you actually DO something for Once.
Now Trump admin is pulling health law help in 18 cities!Trump is going to sabotage ACA until he gets a healthcare bill his way w his name!
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump 
#TheResistance 
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump 
#TheResistance
That is the absolute truth. Lesson learned. Trump lies. Every second of everyday! Which was thought impossible.
#NotMyBabyInCharge

It's a witch hunt to keep the ppl busy -takes the  off the real criminal #HillaryClinton #ClintonFoundation #ClintonCash #clintoncorruption

I didn't really see any reliable sources and this is coming from a left biased magazine - so 
Kind of like an Indian giver, no? Oh wait...
Okay so what is being done about it? Please let the public know that you all ARE working to end this dangerous regime
Republicans hold majority in the House and Congress. Everything the Dems bring to the floor is shot down by the Repubs. #Vote2018 is the key
I agree... working hard for the 2018 election! I just wish our reps would give us some assurance and hope along with telling us the problems


How come you are still there! Any plans yo@move out soon?
The exact same types that the person you followed (HRC) would have picked.  Give us a non evil option @dnc n you will take back the congress
Advice from a 10 follower troll..
Because....All together, HE'S A LIAR"!!
thats right @SenWarren !! you are still there !! drain the swamp trump!
That's probably the first thing you've ever said that I agree with.  He has not drained the swamp at all. Should have got rid of Paul Ryan
@realDonaldTrump "drained the swamp", replaced it with raw sewage and it stink!
With all due respect senator he put them in charge of the swamp. Before they manipulated people in power now they are the people in power
Her wealth is none of your business.. Tell The orange liar to account for his and release his taxes like everybody else.
So many Trumpsters got conned. Sad!
Yes Liz warren is still in the swamp so President Trump has work to do. Her language and name calling would you tell your kids to copy?
He created a swamp!
He will drain swamp. You may talk shit, but he is NOT selling off the US & it's Uranium to Russia like Dem did!
More crap going in than ever before. I feel sadder every day
YAWN you're about to lose your seat to a real Indian poco
Drain the swamp!
Have another doughnut
And this surprises you how exactly?
And he's still welcoming them,the swamp is overflowing #45
Your part of the swamp
You're a proven liar why should i elieve anything you say?
Used to be Truth Justice and the American way now it's Lies Breaking the law and the Trump way
We need a new branch of government.
You're a demagogue
So she's not wrong, you're saying?
Please Impeach this deranged criminal !!!
Why would pocahantas want the swamp drained, 
she resides in the swamp, 
the swamp elevated her, 
it is glorious to her.
Trump drained the swamp and put all denizens into his Administration
You are OUT!
You should be the first one to go
Can't wait until he gets to YOU!!! You are the swamp!
Scary huh?
You are NOT for the people
Your pal Clinton used her foundation too take in millions of dollars, outrageous speaking fees, pay to play when she was Secretary of State.

Lizzy. Your a lair.  Your part of the swamp. You need to leave.

The swamp is huge. Gonna take some time.
Iwe can just add it to the list of lies
Shut up!
He STOCKED the swamp with even worst creatures. And #donnyboy is the creature from the black lagoon
Yes he did. You're still in Washington.
Well he is the swamp monster!
You m'am, are a hypocrite
And gave them jobs and plumb posts.
too bad he couldn't get rid of Fauxahontas, swamp queen. But the time is near!
You are part of the swamp!! Hope he drains it soon!!
I mean @BarackObama did the same thing, but whatevs...
You have met the Swamp and it is you Senator
Warren you are the swamp
You are the swamp
He's the swamp monster why would he drain it?
Your are next!
"Money, money, money
Must be funny
In the rich man's world
Money, money, money
Always sunny
In the rich man's world"
Liar liar liars
How about I can keep my doctor...
he didn't drain it... he filled it with critters!!
What tribe are you related to ? ?  "Whafookarewee"  tribe
Wrong Again Liz.
That's Secretary Warren to you 14 follower troll now slide back under your rock
What he didn't say was he was turning our government into a circus and he was Head clown and ringmaster to boot!!
Let me ask for bigger picture ie: What are the names of these lobbyists? Here's ex: http://www.vpap.org 
Michigan works @RepDanKildee ty
You guys did the exact same thing with ACA and every policy that you bring to the people.

It's all back by lobbyist money.
What qualifies you to grade someone else's work especially from atop a hill somewhere? Stop complaining. What you doing for others.
Senator Warren is a fraud.  All of Massachusetts knows it and she won't be around for long.
And that's different than you because at least he doesn't have to lie and cheat Pocahontas
He drained the swamp right into the WH.
Trump promised change n now we've got it. Bad to worse. Look at hosp, Drs, labs, Rx charges. Outrageous!!  It makes me sick.
We'll get to you, Pocahontas
What else will be expected from this brainless leader of our great nation Russian puppet
Expecting @realDonaldTrump to keep his promises is like his wives expecting he would be faithful, his lawyers expecting he would pay etc....
and he didn't get rid of you.  The biggest pig in the swamp.
Swamp is more like a cesspool these days.
#DonaldTrump is DROWNING in the swamp he created. The end is near
Trump did not drain the swamp as promised. He filled it with pythons instead. Pythons devour everything in their path.
Thank you Eli.....if anyone's an "insider" I'd think it be Pocahontas....
#fakenews

No dickless Donnie is right his followrs eat shit
2 bad his supporters didn't know every day is"Opposite Day" with him
Says a giant alligator.
He is the swamp Has that ever been in question Anyone who thought he was telling truths have only been fooling themselves Trump is a con man
Repubz have bipolar mixed up with bipartisan
The GOP is the swamp and a few democrats. Trump can't drain what he is.
As long as it benefits him, he'll welcome literally anyone with open arms.
And his deplorable base don't even get that #NotMyPresident
drain the swamp he created the swamp look at his crew a bunch of liars
You are still in the "swamp" lizzy...He's far from being done.
In all fairness,what have you done to reverse this kind of Government for sale to any bidder.  Maybe you have,I just don't see it.
@patburrow1 @realDonaldTrump He is the swamp. He keeps pulling the crazies down there with him. They think they are in a mudbath.
You are part of the swamp.
Like Robert Wolf?
You don't understand drain the swamp.  It will be drained when political establishment is out of office.  Goodbye.
#ResistWarren
Nope, he stocked the swamp with sharks and alligators!
Can he issue himself a pardon? Impeach!
Stop campaigning and do your Friggin job
He may not be draining it, but he sure as hell is doing a good job at exposing it! #LiarInChief
Fact-Checker: True, you are still a senator.
Oh so he invited you to the White House?
Read #Katehon, Sen. Warren. "Drain the Swamp" is a Putin mantra. It means "end Western democracy". #DJT is trying his hardest.
As long as they didn't challenge him in any way!
Also welcomed fellow Kleptocrats. All need to be removed - including Gorsuch
Lies
He'd have to drain himself. Colonics anyone?

Well any thinking person knew this would happen. He is a liar. A crook. A con artist. An inept dishonest low life with zero integrity.
You've just described Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren in less than 140 characters.
How can u tell when Lizzie is lying? Her mouth moves!
To be honest, I'm more worried that @HillaryClinton and @johnpodesta are still free and haven't been investigated for their crimes.
To be honest you are a 39 follower troll with no brain who apparently don't realize the election is over.
He PERSUED them. Donny Numbnuts (and select members of his family) deserves to spend some quality time in Leavenworth. #LockHimUp
Says the woman who listed herself as a minority in an Assoc of American Law Schools directory at Harvard. 1/32 even that can't be verified.
Nooo drain the swamp means crroked politicians like you!!!!
His entire campaign was 1 HUGE lie! His presidency is coming unglued unhinged because of it. Draining the swamp was just buzz words for base

What do you care?  Why are you Democrats pretending to care about America... oh that's right, THIS isn't about America, it's about power.
still draining that swamp and your next! You alcoholic Pelosi and drinking buddy Schumer!
WHY are you still around, go get a facial or something you disrespectful person. @POTUS  is doing a great job for OUR country..
Oh Pocobontas please your part of the sellouts that need to be flushed away - so unamerican are you and your party good riddance
You are the swamp
Let's add #Trump's #family to his #swamp.
This coming from #ChiefSpreadingBull and her mansion in Cambridge, writing books on the government's dime!
Where did your $50,000,000+ come from in 2012 Liz?
The swamp was drained and backfilled with leaches.
President Trump is light years ahead of Democrats and Republicans "GOVERNMENT PARTY "!!! The do nothing Party..... Now you're going to work!
And Russia...
Are you surprised?
Trump Turned the Swamp into a Sewer!
