Settlements may be tax deductible or have credits hidden in fine print. If the gov is going to cut deals, we should know what we’re getting.
I'm a Republican I would love to fire Ryan and all who's in the white house.  Sick of the cover up .and the drama
#iamsethrich
Thank you for being one of the sane people left in the world Senator.
OMG I spit my coffee out all over my key board laughing at this tweet. You are too funny, that was awesome.
Go away squaw
I thought corporations were people?  Shouldn't it be put in jail?  Lock it up!  Lock it up!
Said check with Bill and Hillary on those numbers. Might even ask Obama. Who knows
More importantly when JPM is fined by the govt for $8b, where does the money go????
Your still not getting 2020 lol
Sen Warren, Who in Obama's EPA got axed, demoted or charged with crimes for doing this?
Yup, I got a whole 1 $ from the @BofA settlement. But I overpaid & had my credit screwed for years. Credit score system is a sham.
The big $ amt gets misled, too? Where did it go?
Wonderful but then it all goes in the general funds. We who were injured get sympathy.
Hey... Don't you have work to do??.. Other than acting like a child?.. Get back to work sweetheart or you might get canned

Misleading? Well...you would know all about that wouldn't you? #snowflakes
You mean it is PR lie to deceive public.More Obama deception, like how he used recovered funds to promote violent DNC groups.
Yes because the company is usually forced to cut back salary, and jobs which impacts... yup us little guys the middle class. Way to go
It's better than those beads you took for Manhattan
How much R U worth? How many millions? How'd U get that & can we see Ur bank statements and off shore accounts? Rich Putz!
Lock the ceo's up. Also, investigate @realDonaldTrump for Russian connections.
Like when the CFPB takes credit for the investigation when the company self-reported.
can't wait till you run again in mass I will be there to call on all your Bull Shit and know this you will not win
cash the government has sent to the middle East with out telling the American people go ahead lie about it, I was there ,seen it
No settlements w/o criminal guilty pleas.
the government has been doing this for the passed 8 yrs just like the cash you all approved to send to the middle East
Warren I love you, but you really end to buck your parties reluctance to engage with the clear crimes being committed. Stand out, dammit!
That's what you do best. mislead.
You take money from all kinds of ppl. We know how u made ur money. Liar! Pocahontas! #FakeNews
And you should know about misleading
