I'm white and Irish-Catholic. Where do I sign up to register as a Muslim? #cloganyregistry
I'm in NY surrounded by Muslims who do not behave this way and condemn and abhor it. I will protect their rights.
there r extremists in every religion! America=freedom of religion! A Muslim ban is anti-American.
Warren Jeffs?
yes Trump said he was going to ban muslims that's why he was elected. A ban by any other name is still what we voted for
voter fraud on numbers. Trump got electoral and would have gotten pop. Vote if no illegals and dead voted
agreed facts are facts won't have evidence of fraud until the voter rolls are checked and cross referenced
but did they vote in 2 states? Being registered isn't illegal but voting twice is
I stand with all my Muslim brothers and sisters. #RESISTANCE
I stand against RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! The far left knows that Trump is doing GREAT. They will never admit this though.
I stand with all my Muslim brothers and sisters. #RESISTANCE
I stand with all my Muslim brothers and sisters also. #RESISTANCE
Will you stand with them as they detonate their suicide bombs?
Who said that?
Let’s be clear. @SenWarren sides with Americas enemies.
Muslim countries have a travel ban on terrorist Muslims. You're not very bright, are ya?
don't talk like that.
So you still believe this clown should have been let into the country?  Best way to fight diseases are to not let them into your body....
what if this is a "trick" to refuse all brown people? Especially mexicans
Not about brown people! About countries that send their terrorists over here.  Get the message folks!!!
how do u find out ? Ask them "hey are u a terroist?"
how are you and your colleagues going to fight this?
why don't u guys have more marches, at least good exercise. The Dem party is extinct. You don't have the #'s #MAGA
You realize more people voted for Clinton than Trump right?
I’m ok with banning Muslims, as long as Muslims are the ones strapping suicide bombs to their body and trying to kill people. Let Islam reform before allowing Muslims to come to America.
Then then would you name it that? Why Are you so hateful toward Muslims?

I do support a ban on unvetted people coming to the USA from terror heavy countries. 

This sounds reasonable. 

Why can't you be reasonable?
You know why Muslims vote Democrat? To disarm Americans, destroy the Constitution, force Sharia Law upon America and finally conquer America and the world. World Conquest is their End Game.
because everyone in those countries is a Muslim and other Muslim countries weren't left off that list. #getofftwitter
They don't seem very tolerant to other ppls religion but yet they always expect tolerance from us
How is Trump allowed to discriminate against a particular religion, isn't that against the law in this country? @feistybunnygirl
Did you care when obama did it? Nope.
As long as it includes Islamic terrorist,im fine with it.
Let's be clear: Bombing Muslims is what created the refugee crisis. Where were you? Oh, right, pretending to be a progressive.
Lets be clear islam create the "crisis" by warring with itself, sunni vs shia. BHO armed al queda, BHO created Libyan crisis which thanks Barry, there is now an islamic slave trade.
Keep pretending that the Republican neocons didn't lead the charge. And who's "Barry"? Your mama?
There is no pretense, Islam is the problem, and actually Barry Obama is your daddy, worst president in history and pro- Islam
Lol
All of you attacking @SenWarren realize that anybody can be a terrorist, not just Muslims?? Terrorism is the use of violent acts to frighten people aka all you white boys shooting up schools and movie theaters are all terrorists by Webster's dictionary definition...
Are you planning on going to the Americans families funerals?
Have you housed any Liz?
Let's be clearer, Terrorist ban. You're willing to accept collateral damage to justify your liberal self image.  Can't apply western reason to 1500 y o cult that hates  everything you are.
Until the " good " Muslims call out the "bad" Muslims, and try to do something themselves to root out the evil in their group there will be no progress with the perception among the general public
Ok let’s call it National Security 
Calling a terrorist ban a Muslim Ban is a bit Muslimphobic. Not all Muslims are terrorists.
I agree with both of you all Muslims accept two are terrorist
And unconstitutional.
what part of the constitution is that?
Congress has already ruled on this issue decades ago.
now your making stuff up, there isn't a religious test tied to this order! Did you feel this way when Carter did it?
carter didn't do it. I was only 3 when he was President.
Glad to see we are on the same page.
Let’s be clear: a liar by any other name is still a liar. 

And a travel ban isn’t a Muslim ban no matter how strongly the liar insists it is.
#Bozo #GreatGrayBeaver

Except for countries that have Trump properties/deals.
He already lost money this year so no...that's not the reason
where can I register as a muslim, because I will
& a violation of international law, human rights and basic decency; @realDonaldTrump knows nothing of these, an offence to @potus
did you feel the same way when Carter did it?
Carter didn't do the same thing and you know it cf Snopes
Indonesia is not on the list!! It has a population that is 70% Muslim!!
what next? "Detention camps"??
did you feel the same way when Carter did it?
Carter was probably the most trustworthy president in my lifetime
is it againt the constitution....raise, creed or religion right?
no it's not and President Carter did it as well and he was a democrat
Let’s be clear: A slush fund by any other name is still a slush fund.
Well, it's Muslims worldwide Califate that's killing soooo. #BanIslam
But you agree that sharia law is a violation of our constitution and can't be allowed in America right...
Let’s be clear. 
You’re no Hakowee.
Then call it a National Security policy. 
Count the number of Muslim countries NOT ON the list. 
And quit stealing TAXPAYERS’ money & lying.

Hey lizzy.   Look at schumer, sex with a 16 yrs old 2 abortions hush money paid.  What's in your closet Liz old girl...
But, a "Muslim Ban" without supporting facts is a lie.
If that terrorist in NYC blew up a train full of people #SenWarren would blame it on Christian

Stop gas lighting racism you fraud...
You say that like it's a bad thing.
Let’s be clear. A recipe for Crob Bisque does not make you a Native American you fraud...
Damn! You mean to tell me both North Korea, & Argentina are Muslim countries now? Do recon they've been told? SMH #LiberalMorons
Let’s be clear. As long as those bastards are trying to kill us, I’m all for keeping them out of our country. Go stay with them if you love them so damn much.
Are you as stupid as they come? Close the pie hole!
So how about a terrorist ban, or are you still ok with terrorists attacks in the US?
And an Indian is an Indian
That’s a lot of hot air from such a cool Heritage Hijacker
Let’s be Clear: Pocahontas is utterly incompetent
SO?
Ya, so....you wanna be Indian.
So you’re okay with what happened in NYC? As you don’t support the travel ban. Why don’t you move to Sweden they are perfectly fine with the destruction of their country. As do me I like mine just fine.
Doesn't matter... It's legal. Per the Supreme Court. #StuffIt

Thank goodness we finally have something.  Muslims have this weird affinity for wanting to kill us.
But an American Indian isn't
How is it a Muslim ban if the 40 other Muslim majority nations like Indonesia ( nation with largest Muslim population ) are not banned?
And perhaps more importantly, a temporary travel ban that’s not a Muslim Ban is still not a Muslim Ban regardless of you naming it so.
Duh. And I’ll vote for it
Liz, could you please explain why you believe those from other countries should be afforded more rights than Americans rights to ensure their own safety?


Let's be very clear:  A Native American by any other name is an entitled white woman abusing the system for personal benefit.
It's a TERRORIST ban.

But a #Fake Native American by any other name is still a #FAKE
The Supreme Court seems to disagree. Even liberal appointed justices disagree.
Still. Moron
Especially if they are from North Korea or Venezuela.
Take a DNA test!
Let’s just send that Muslim bomber today to your house for Christmas. Hopefully he won’t bungle it during your Christmas dinner.
but a Muslim terrorist by most other name is a climate change victim....or was that a crusader victim?
And? What's your point
You should resign as you lied about your background to be hired in multiple jobs....you are a racist as you degrade the native Americans.
It is not a "Muslim ban", or it would ban ALL Muslims.  Can't you liberals come up with some true statements?  You do know what true means??
We also need to ban 0bama! He is running the world, undermining the POTUS! He continues to push the caliphate in USA. Ban his a$$ from entry
Good! Needs to be a Muslim ban! They can not live with & among Americans! They hate our values. They will try to take over. Its who they are
Im sure Sweeden and Italy wishes they had a 'muslim ban' too. 'Lets be clear' about that.
It's called protecting americans. Oh, now there's something you have no idea about.
What ever u want to call them makes no difference to me. Just Band them.!! U r worthless and the ppl who pay u aren't ..
Really Lizzy, it doesn't matter what you think...

SCOTUS says it's Your Presidents call...
Every single time a Liberal says 'Lets be Clear', the next words are LIES.....

Especially from Lieawatha..
Your still spreading propaganda. If it was a Muslim ban, NO Muslim would be allowed in. #Liawatha needs to close mouth.
So you want terrorists to come to this country freely and kill Americans?
And
.... an excellent ban ....
What we need is an Elizabeth Warren ban
Your Trump hate is really getting old. Why can’t you discuss real solutions and compromise with other lawmakers like you were elected to do. The same people who elected trump elected you-Americans.
Let’s be clear.  It’s not a muslim ban.  If you look at the targeted countries versus the global Muslim population, you would see that.

#agenda
Handwringer.
A honky by any other name isn’t and Indian, let’s be clear.
Agreed. In that case, @realDonaldTrump , you've missed a few muslim majority countries. Can you get on it with adding them ALL to the list, please?  Thanks! 
#MuslimBan
Whose side exactly are you on Liz?  Clearly not the American side!  That makes you a threat to America and its citizens!  You are a traitor and a subversive member of Congress that needs to be expelled!
Yes, and the vast majority of Americans are totally for a #MuslimBan, got it #fauxcahontas? #fakeIndian @POTUS
YEP - YOU’VE GOT THAT RIGHT. 
Expel ALL Muslims - they’re laws are incompatible with the United States Constitution. 
You know, that document you swore to defend!!
There are ABSOLUTES in this world and you are Absolutely ANTI-AMERICAN
#MAGA
What's it going to take for you Kook? A personal loss? Would THAT change your mind since other people's loss of family members who were killed don't bother you. https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/940229165328011265 …
That's something she doesn't uphold
Except it isn't a muslim ban, so stop getting your knickers in a twist.
If we could only ban this crazy woman who could care less of our citizens.
Even though it's not...We SHOULD have a Muslim ban. #BanIslam....
And the supreme Court upheld it didn't they Pocahontas???that's not racial because I, AM native American.. unlike you..
Obama let in over 9 million of them through chain immigration...who knows how much damage they’ll end up doing?
So you like mass murder. Yet another one in New York today
What an idiot you are. 

Guess you missed the news this morning. Watched CNN and the Diet Coke report I guess.
Well good thing there isnt a muslim ban . Lieawatha needs to do some reading .
Let's be clear, you lied about being an oppressed minority to advance your career.
If it is a "Muslim ban" then why are these places not included? (all but one) 

#NotAMuslimBan

Stupid and wrong as usual.
Big fan of terrorists huh fauxcohontas
You are so stupid!
SCOTUS has ruled it's a legal travel ban
Let's ban people who claim to be Native American when they're not. Let's call it a liar ban.
honey you brain dead amoeba, real Americans call it protection but you don't know about that because you support Cair which is HAMAS
As long as they don't ban squatting squaw Warren: she can lead us to the nirvana of Islam lunacy and cultural debauchery
You can call them murderous
Sacks of s..t for all I care, all the same to me! Round em up and ship them out.
If the Dems had just shut up and let it be back in Jan...We would have gotten a very fine vetting process in place by now...and Possibly Both NY attacks might not have happened....Warren and all her Dem flunkies own the carnage caused by their insistence to welcome terrorists.
What is wrong with you!!!
Not a muslim ban, terrorist ban dumbo. Or are you saying you WANT terrorist to enter the US? 
So what. See what happened in NYC today? It was ok when Obama did it. You lying hypocrite
Maybe you and Chuck Schumer can cry on each others shoulders

Let's be CLEAR it's AMERICAN lives we are protecting or did today's event not bother you?
You get the goat Lizzy. #YBG
Let’s be clear: We want a ban on Muslims and you can call it whatever you want. Why don’t you fight this hard for Christians?
#BanIslam #BanMosques
Luckily that's not what anyone is proposing you liar
YES BAN MUSLIMS! TODAY!
Muslims Go Home we don't need you here.
Let's be clear: this irresponsible rhetoric is dangerous. You and your cronies in DC should be concerned with protecting the American people from terrorists. Like the one who luckily didn't kill anyone today in NYC.
So you're admitting all terrorists are Muslim
Let's be clear. A terrorist ban is a terrorist ban by any other name!!!
Let’s be clear your job is to protect US citizens not to protect terrorists!
As New York is attacked by muslims monthly.
Did you think one up while on or off the reservation ?
What's your point? You are protected we are not!!! It is because of liberal policies we have this. So sad!
Lets be clear fauxcahontas, this is a muslim TERRORIST ban...
And I’m ok with a Muslim ban
Sen. Warren continues to not be concerned with the American people safety. Her priorities are protecting Muslims over Americans
Bad timing 
Resign. You have zero ethics.
Really? Wanna say that now to NYC?
Let's be clear,We do NOT want terrorists in this country!
And a rose by any other name is a rose.

Was there a point you're trying to make?

Send a smoke signal, okay?
It's Muslims that are committing terrorism or did that escape your notice?
If POTUS has to cause some hurt feelings to keep his country safe, then he will cos he doesn't GAF what you or any other #FakeAmericans think.
What was it called when Obama tried to do the same thing?
Possible terrorist ban then.
with all due respect, mrs warren, just today new York subway was attacked by one of these very terrorists that you seem so interested in just letting over run Americas streets completely un checked, Are you being paid money to allow terrorists in America with no vetting process?

But when Barry did it, it was a terrorist ban. Got it!
A terrorist is a terrorist
I guess you will be one of the first the Islamic hoard attacks,sharia means death to all disobedient women,all gays,all Christian
It is NOT A MUSLIM BAN!  Stop misleading people.  You're an even bigger LIAR than Hillary Clinton!   Plus you're a blowhard!
