Maybe you can smoke a peace  pipe with them and figure things out.
You & rest of @TheDemocrats need to block everything until #TrumpRussiaCoverUp & #TrumpRussiaInvestigation is completed. Period.
It's an assault on everyone...
Time for a "Pro True Majority March" on Washington D.C.
Someone organize it and I will be there. 
Peace brothers and sisters!
chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga
typical "sky is falling" rant from the overpaid fake indian.
Don't overlook #SSDI cut
REPREHENSIBLE!!!
They want only the kids of the rich to be able to afford an education.Keep the riffraff poor and dumb so they have to work for peanuts.
@RepDuncanHunter act 4 constituents!The people in the back country that can't afford college and need the help! We'll remember next election
goverment waste and some worth saving at this point you need to cut them all out and build back sensible programs, not time for a remodel...
It is an assault on humanity.
Thanks for consistently speaking up on behalf of those whose voices are rarely heard but who understand consequences of a lack of education.
I have a defaulted student loan that I'm too poor to pay off, so I think this 'budget' is totally out of line...
Under dem control, School educators weretold,spend every penny+ in allotted budget or you might find yourself without a job. Raising T cost
Oh no not the kids.  Pocahontas you really need to get something new
A country with a lack of education does not have a future. A country that promotes knowledge and learning becomes successful. Its simple

This is deplorable if it's true. What the hell are these college students that come from nothing supposed to do! Trump is a monster!!
I am 60 yo Special Educator. Started career late in life. Wanted to give back. Have 6 figure student loan balance. I am so screwed. 
Time for the Perkins Grant to step up. Tiered of paying 4 lib arts degrees that result in working at Starbucks.
Obama's budget?  Spent more than all other presidents combined...??? Where were you then? Crickets
Because policies of the left have worked so well in the past right? #2 in spending, and where are we on test scores? More $ isnt the problem
Then too many kids that borrow r not responsible & default bc parents indulged them. Some parents stuck bc of kids defaulting
@DarrellIssa you better believe that if you vote in favor of this you're NEVER going to be in your cushy D.C. Office again!
Socialism is the greatest threat of all.
Absolutely! He cares about none of these.
Cut govt spending 200% and lives will stop being ruined...
You did nothing for student loans  you actually do nothing except TTM.  TALK TOO. MUCH
Devise should have NEVER been confirmed and yet Pence confirmed the Republicans do not listen! Trump not my president yet he is in 1600
Are you going to take the Ancestry DNA test?
Why don't you go back to yout classroom?
This plan is complete shit. Do they honestly believe that this budget is good?
I'm glad to see that you're at least not talking about the Russians today. cc: @realDonaldTrump
C'mon, Elizabeth, you make it sound like it's deliberate, as if someone in the Badministration could make a profit coughdevoscoughcough
So, the student loan my husband and I still pay $245 a month for from 10 years ago is Trumps fault too I bet.
Does it also attack Native Americans?
Repugs won't listen to their constituencies. They cheat to stay in office (gerrymandering, suppression, etc) & our voices make no difference
Nope. More important right now for her to fight the GOP in Congress, instead of a three-year campaign that would further distract the press
Hey, I've been a #BetsyBro for a long time.
Well I say a loud resounding NO to these pub budget cuts. I'm angry now that they could do this to our children and our teachers!
Flat Out Lies! 1) Presidential Budgets are suggestions 2) A slow down in the growth of spending is declared a "cut" in DC political speak
You conservatives are so arrogant you won't retain power for long Your emperor won't rule forever
The Trump Plan: Gut public education funding so the poor remain poor & the rich remain rich. Trump supporters, wake up.
The rich getting richer off the backs of the middle class and the poor. Do you expect anything less from the GOP?
WHERE IS THE MONEY COMING FROM TO PAY FOR ALL OF THIS.

To keep this in perspective, good people will suffer and die so that corrupt billionaires can increase their obscene wealth via tax cuts.
Children r dead cuz ppl like you lie to us about the religion of peace.
$300 Billion no questions asked?
OMG...Please stop them!!! There are days when I think you are the only hope for sanity in DC.
God I pray that this budget fails, for the destruction it will cause!
LIAR!!!!!!
Where are the good trolls? Are they off tonight? These ones are weak. I expect better.
You is often you say school one let may realize could confused but we is luster In stream through in a and even Dance it all u
AND the earth. Don't forget Mother Earth.
@Lawrence @maddow Teaching is the only profession that creates other professions #SupportPublicSchools #NoToDeVosTrumpBudget
Maybe all the go along  should actually listen to Betsey devo directly, instead of another'snegative interpretation
Once Saudi arabia is on your side, you are guaranteed another presidency victory they have so much power,prestiges and influence.
Says you
Thank you Senator. Donthecon is going down.
Trumps legacy;
Collusion
Lying
Interfering w/Feds
Bullying
Incompetence
Abuse of power
Nepotism
No, it is not "all about numbers" - more than anything it's about VALUES and here Trump&Co show their true colors for sure! #TheResistance
@xolibbzz @Frustraited
And Impact Aid one of the oldest programs that helps schools that serve military dependent children!
YOU ARE ALL BEING SERIOUSLY ABUSED EVERY DAY AND NO ONE WANTS TO HELP YOU. MAYBE YOU AREN'T EVEN AWARE OF THAT. ARE YOU?
Congress need to stand up 2. we here are fighting but 45 flunkys dont see
It's also assault on those who are trying very hard but make little money who need and depend on some kind of gov help each month.
Get'em Warren!
Don't forget disabled and sick.
Yes. But it serves it's purpose.... to make Mr Breaking Bad 2.0 richer....
You don't give up?!, every day you find a false story to spoil our energy, you r representing people, find something benefit to them.
You're a true leader with empathy @SenWarren
Does anyone care what this woman has to say?
Anyone with a child who needs to be educated, so I'd say a few million. 
I do. Very much so.
Art.
Plus old, disabled & poor! So pretty much everyone in USA.
We need YOU to run.  YOU and Bernie are our only salvation.
All this is going to do is send people who want to be engineers and scientists to study abroad, and we will loose a good portion of our
Workforce. Then we will have a bunch of positions open by nobody smart enough to qualify for them. I could see that as a scenario. So
Those jobs would then cut their workforce because hey we have no one qualified to even apply.
It will also stop talented people from abroad from coming here for an education & staying here to boost out position in the world economy
Thank you for the heads up!! #indivisible groups and others will fight this! 
Well, students can do like YOU DID...say they are Indian. How about that budget @TheDemocrats passed rewarding VA for vets dying on lists?
It's actually against the 99% of the population NOT wealthy.
Maybe you can vote to lower student loans rates that are set via Obamacare
Does she ever shut up?? It's diaria coming out of her mouth.   She's for rape and abortion she has no leg to stand on.
This is hilarious. I would expect this kind of extremism from one of our politicians in Africa
You'll never say how much is enough. What did you earn at Haavaad. My guess is you taught 1 class and made a 1/4 mil. You should be ashamed
Many negative comments are trolls.  Don't not engage with them.  Must be ignored.
Where will the money for these programs come from? Just keep printing it? The 1%ers? No matter how much the gov takes,they always need more.
Please join @OurRevolution 
Don't waist a minute
You good Democrats and the DNC should have let your primary play out. You may have gotten a candidate that could pull your party together.
Let's just call it what it is. They don't want poor people to educate their children.
Alarmist Dingbat
She is absolutely right - dead-on right.
Balanced Budget Pocahontas get people off the government tit. Personal responsibility works for everyone
This says that we who pay for the welfare state are tired of paying for the welfare state!!
Just so outrageous! Public Education vs. Trump/Devos!
You should only see how bad you look to the American people.
Yes! Than you! We already are asked to do so much with so little resources. Thank you from public school teachers.
PLEASE GO AWAY!   #DumpWarren
Awful. Shame. Shame. Shame. Let us all get up and do something!
this is not pro-life
Senator Phony: Same old democratic tripe when budgets are cut. Its always kids, teachers, etc but you forgot about denying women's rights.
Please Elizabeth, free us! It's so sad that this man and his sycophants seem to have so much hate for the general public.
VOTE THEM OUT
EW we are sick & tired of your doom & gloom.  You are a resister, obstructionist, liar, complainer, plagerist and whiner!
NO TO WARREN.

NO #Pocahontas . It's about being fiscally responsible . Something u #libtards know nothing about. Now pack my peace pipe squaw
the less educated are more likely to vote right wing easily manipulated
Our power was sending Trump to Washington. 

You continue to not get it.
This the kind of thing the "Russia story" is distracting us from. Trump & GOP are destroying the country.
Warren lied about being Native American to jump the line for a 500,000 teaching job.  She is a disgrace and hypocrite.
Oh come on lizzy stop lying
Thank you Sen.Warren.

...and people with genetic chronic illnesses like #SickleCell #sicklecell!
Go Away you Lying Biased Gvmt
@VanHollenForMD @BenCardinforMD 
I'm sure you've already seen this but in case you haven't. As a MD resident I say this is not acceptable!
Capitalism is the cause for our problems. Politicians: the backbone of capitalist tyranny. You can't reform exploitation to make it 'nice'
This budget, if passed, will be one of the worst things to happen to me and my family That's not hyperbole. 200,000. SLD
I can never pay off
Under Constitution, DeptEd should set standards, collect & pub stats, fund research, not lend $ 2 stdnts or enforce "laws" outside courts.
Trump cabal, including SCAMWAY Betsy DeVos are on their way out of government. One way group discount to Federal Penitentiary. #Revote2016
Sen Warren U are not useful, U do not represent, U are Obstructionist. Dems lose with U. Focus on positive like Trump, Winner!!
Yay, Senator Warren!! Vote we will!!!
What part of $20trillion debt that you can't figure out senator?
You do realize all the money they are cutting is going to the Military right?
Well, that, and into the pockets of people like DeVos & Trump.
in other words, my entire family.
Would you join an all-white Dem ticket?  Would you say "sorry" when you lose like Gore, Kerry & Clinton, the last 3 consecutive whites only?
Off your meds?
No .and hear this TRUMP DEFINE.
TREASONOUS 
RADICAL 
UNQUALIFIED 
MENTAL 
PATHOLOGICAL
Is this the best Dems can do? Betty your no leader or forward thing person. Your actually worthless. Run for president, you'll be doomed.
Sen. Warren, what is your proposal?  We all need to be accountable.  You get a loan, you pay it back.
Thank you for all your efforts
Republicans turn a blind eye while the elite turn a profit off the backs of Americans while finding ways to keep them poor and ignorant!!
What have you done to help. Nothing
These budget cuts make me sick. A well rounded education is essential.
Its nice to blame the ppl in charge now, just think how and who got us there. Warren is a politician, cant trust her. She picks her causes.
Are u serious bag lady..you Democrats have destroyed our schools and children with your low morals , no Bible, no civics to brainwash kids!!
Well yeah. This is Trump and he and rest of 1%ers need another Yuge tax cut...
I love you!
Got to keep them stupid. Smart doesn't vote Republican.
On everyone Liz! Srs sick people handicapped. So many will be left on the streets 2DIE like RWs preciousREAGAN did.Leave it to COLDREPUBS
FYI an all out assault would be paying you 4 million to teach 2 class. Remember?
You CLAIMING to notoriety for First Native American ANYTHING IS an assault on Natives Everywhere you Fucking sham! GTFO
YOUR A LIAR, YOU LIE, YOU ARE A DECEIVER, YOU DECEIVE YOUR PPL.
Trump & GOP could care less.
Thats really disgusting and sad that its happening here 
You are the brightest light out there in this dark time. Thank you for fighting for us, from the bottom of my heart.
All the poor kids can go work in the coal mines and factories that are slated to reopen. #Trump2020
Wow these comments. So we'll just keep going back and forth blaming each other while the country falls apart around us.
Thank you for leading us out of this Trump nightmare. We look forward to the very near future, when all is right with America.
Help!!!
Education will only be for those whose parents can afford it. Tragic.
What about deficit budget ? Not important because will not affect next election .. an individual care only about what he can feel ..
No to your budget and how dare you take away from special needs kids omg how do you sleep at night @GOP @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @FLOTUS REALLY
1/2 Every person who stews in student loan debt, is 1 less person to stimulate the economy. We cannot fund education?
Betsy devil is a pice of work.
Lizzy,it's an assault on your welfare freebees! So quit complaining
Can't help but think Trump (Bannon/Miller/Sessions) encourage anything to put (mainly rich) white men in control (so gut public education).
pocahantas is now a seer in addition to being the only anglo native american, how unique.
Maybe Elizabeth Warren can pay for some of these programs.  She damn sure can't balance a budget or answer a question directly.
it is time for a zero based budget, slash, cut and slash some more so real taxpayers get relief and america is great again
