I loved hearing Jimmy Carter the other night talking about global wealth disparity as the roadway to Trump.
I am proud to be person like u who understand s that 99% want equal opportunity for all American I a African American women.
You should know !'
Your part of the problem
That's how our system works.  It was designed to be crooked, and it always has been.  Power and Privilege wrote the Constitution.
With Koch Bros Exxon Other corrupt greedy men in tow
Says the wealthy snake to the poor stupid toad
Is she talking about the Clintons again?
Squaws who live in glass teepees shouldn't throw stones.
Who killed Seth Rich?
Reject donor-dictated politics!
Reverse Cit United drain the swamp of lobbyist and provide term limits take the big $ out of politics and cap 45 & family expenses
Then... Do something about it!!!!
If money is reorienting democracy, then   @TheDemocrats Party has taken the lead in change for the first time! @GOP @realDonaldTrump
Oh we know this all too well. And it better stop. Time to get your houses in order snap inspection is coming.
Then why do Democrats try to steal every dime they can from the American taxpayer?
Bill Clinton put Ginsberg and Breyer on SCOTUS. Both voted against Citizens United, with Ginsberg loudly rebuking. Try knowing the facts.
Sanders never releases his tax returns. Clinton releases 40yrs, and that's your take of the situation. You'll never amount to much.
Btw- Hillary would've nominated the exact same as Bill, and every1 knows it.
Nobody wants to lead. The blame and grab for the next big payday aka re election. Bye bye the people, hello paycheck and perks
I would have said “it creeps relentlessly like a hope-devouring fungus”. But then I rather like snakes.
Citizens united is the point in time that allowed a trump to be viable
THEN WHY ARENT YOU ALL ON OBAMA CARE
Absolutely HILLARY.. I mean Elizabetj
And it didn't happen overnight. Does anyone in Gov pay attention to CBO reports? #resist #indivisible
@SenSanders Perhaps a rule is needed to have Congress review CBO rpts, id problems, and assign respons. for solution. GOP tax plan w worsen.

Yeah, Liz, @senwarren and that snake seems to favor democrats by a wide margin.
And that snake has Orange skin and a stupid dyed wig sewn to his bloated skull.
Very true. Remind us, will you, how much Hillary spent on her presidential campaign and of the big business interests that supported her.
Hey, Sen WArren, is that sorta like you getting $400k to teach one college class????????  How does that slither feel????
Especially when it leaves on pallets to a country that hates us!
And still you supported the corrupt Clinton machine, which also murdered Seth Rich. Why not call for special prosecutor there? You're it sis
Senator Warren I support you, but are you, as a politician, truly free from the influence money?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
And @georgesoros is the head snake in charge
Stop supporting Hillary Clinton if you're about ridding money in politics. I support you up until the point you support Hillary Clinton.
Elections for sale
Nothing new
There are too many snakes slithering in the Dem party. You will have to fight your own, Senator. I believe you are the one to do it!
Pocahontas ur the snake with ur nasty woman Hilary n low life OBAMA
The second coming of the robber barons, we must remain vigilant.
Bill and Hillary sure took a lot of it. Lest we forget
Right. @HillaryClinton and the Clinton Foundation is perfect example
How right you are..Just ask the Clintons how true it is!
How did you make your money?

says the wealthy bing bat
Coming from you, this is rich... you know, how your wealth has escalated far beyong your wages since you entered the Congress
You can say that again about $! Look how much $ went through the Democraps during election. Dem paid off by WS Big Wigs!
Audit the CONservative Supreme Crt judges that started all this. Wealth, the new constituency. US constitution of the $ by the $ with the $
Well I at least agree with this statement. Glad you are admitting guilt here. First step to rehabilitation
Which is why we must ban corporate donations and strengthen our corruption laws.
totally agree senator- please do something about it!
You talking about Obama you said he was a snake right oh but he was a democrat that is different right. how do u say two face snake
Right to the clinton foundation.
How much money have you made from book deals and speeches since coming to Washington?
400K to teach one class.  What are you, a Cobra or a Python?
My preferred metaphor for the destructive impact of dirty money is diabetes. #SpeakKindlyOfAnimals
Mostly from Soros to Democrats. He's bought all of you.
And you would know all about slithering
You know you really should live on the street have no money was just all capitalistic benefits of materialism and set the example
Jesus said it right it's the love of money that's the root of all evil not the money itself
You need to give all your money away then yeah And don't have that snake in your purse. Money is evil and everyone's pockets but Democrats
You ought to know.
but you got the hang of it and will soon be filthy rich too.
And yet you were congratulating HRC for starting her SuperPAC just yesterday
Are you anti-pay then?  You sure do deposit your checks don't you?  How about you not accept pay for your work.
Here you go tweeting when you should be working stop wasting my tax dollars tweeting
Yet you're supporting Hillary Clinton's super PAC. #Hypocrite
Then remove the corrupt people impeach, recall, expel whatever it takes
so you're saying we should be giving money to Hillary Clinton's new PAC?
very true most people don't want to just make a difference that's why they are so against free college and universal healthcare
The left blames republicans for wall street and big money while the democrats roll in the dough from them. They got 4 trillion under obama.
To all @elizabethforma critics in comments: there is a progressive candidate running against her. His name's @JFord4USSenate.
"And the best way to fight it is to congratulate corporatists pretending to be progressive for pretending to be progressive."
Then, you should reconsider tweeting support for Hillary and her new money laundering startup.
The biggest problem is that for a few million dollars taxpayers are confronted with repaying the favor many times over. It's both parties
SEN. WARREN YOU SURE YOU WANT YOUR NICKNAME CHANGED FROM GOOFY TO SNAKE WOMEN? IF MONYE SLITHERS THROUGH OUR POLITICAL SYSTEM?
Is that how u and Clinton's are so rich

You've worked that pretty well huh!
More like stomps on it like Godzilla.
Funny you never seem to mention all the money billionaire #Georgesoros gives to #democrats
So not at all concerned about your girlfriend's  (Hillary Clinton) mystery money?
Obama raised the national debt how much? More than previous 43 combined.
inheriting the worst deficit of all time during the worst recession since the depression.
We are not a Democracy we are a Republic, why do you liberals keep saying democracy
You just praised the new Clinton's PAC yesterday, ma'am. In what way does that constitute fighting money in politics?
donations are how grass roots grow there's nothing wrong with that. It's the people at the top that are getting paid
And who do you think are going to be their donors?
money has to come from somewhere
Does it bother you if that somewhere is the oligarchs?
well... only Yrukp@tught now is displaying anything close to that. Wha joe
Your group bought all media @CNN and pushed money for your evil @HillaryClinton to win today you're blaming yourself shameless humans.
Money pays the alt right to paint the righteous amongst us in a corrupt light.
I'm sure you got your fare share... Trader
@MariaBartiromo Ppl behind $$ represented ... So tell H-Wood n elites
their taxes in California are higher than anywhere in the country
Ask Bernie who owns three homes and pays less than 14% tax rate and Pelosi and her insider trading
& run by the biggest, most corrupt money grubbing sob on the planet, Herr trumpLEr, der Furhrer, crook supreme!!
how much of that snake did you take to run for reelection?
Even though I'm for Trump I agree with this
You're not supposed to be given that name Elizabeth because you're wicked and Evil
evil?
Yes she is Evil
why?
Why don't you give your millions of personal wealth away if it's so evil?
hi sen waren...its bonalb just wanted 2 say this is FAKE NEWS!(CNN) and krooked hilary will go 2 jail soon thnx ,bonalb rump
what's fake news  in this post?
So why the hell are you praising Clinton's new money-driven astroturf org?
Essentially it has removed checks and balances... putting our very democracy at risk because of greed.
Are you going to get rid of money?
smart response! Try Redding her book. She talks about how people like us have been robbed for decades
That's something new?
you're responses keep getting smarter, thanks for trying!
In the most despicable ways. It doesn't even benefit those who need it most any more.
you are such a hypocrite
This helps explain Y otherwise once reasonable men have become two-faced, lying eunuchs
Why have politicians stopped using the expression "Campaign Reform"? Haven't heard since John McCain's 2008 campaign went bankrupt.
YOU HAVE TO BE BACKED BY WEALTHY PEOPLE, OR BE WEALTHY. JUST THINK HOW MUCH HILLARY OWES TO OTHER COUNTRIES, SHE'S ALREADY PAID RUSSIA 20%
Well put!
@realDonaldTrump @RexTilllerson
wow
Repeal citizens united, reinstate fairness doctrine for news reporting
You're the woman who pays her women less then men then rants about equality.  You're a total fraud
Ya think? We the people have known that for years, how much will it take to get trump out of office ? We can start a go fund me page
Look at history, we destroyed Russia's economy when communism failed now they are using the AHCA/Trump/Ryan to destroy our economy.
our economy became destroyed under Regan read her book very well sourced
I agree Regan trickle down economics was the end of the middle class.
Yep. http://www.28ers.org/ 
Especially since Nixon Reagan Era, Bush era, Trump Era
You are the reason they put warning labels on curling irons.
bc???
Some people are too stupid to use common sense.
in relation to her...?
(Sigh) Yes...Elizabeth Warren is an idiot & a hypocrite & a lier.
like when...?
Really?? You are truly unaware of her history?
What do you do with ur $$$? What do your tax returns look like! You can only be a do nothing Senator in the US!
We can all see the consequences
Explain how you're worth millions? Please?
And you have your greedy hand out.  All for doing nothing but running your mouth.
I feel left out. Not getting my fair share. Not getting any share. So STOP THAT until I get my share of the loot.
And Right into your pocket
WOW AMAZING FAST DOWNLOADER FOR VIDEOS CHECK THIS
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.videodownloaderappfree.fast.downloader.forvideos.manager.tube …
I don't believe you are an idiot?  - money has dominated life around the world since recorded history.  Media bias is hurting the democracy
the corrupt government we have is hurting democracy.
End Citizens United!
@bellvisuals
If you'd have stood with Sanders he might have won the primary!!
Preach it. From your experience. How much have you taken from lobbyists.?
MA Democrats know that very well.
http://www.masslive.com/politics/index.ssf/2017/01/did_your_state_representative.html …
Conservation of natural resources; Control of corporations; Consumer protection.
—T.R.'s square deal.
And yet you tout hrc and her new pacs.  You are such a disappointment.  Stood behind the wrong person, should've stood by Bernie Sanders.
More like a bull in a China shop these days?
"eroded"
Didn't you support the candidate with the biggest corporate sponsors in history during the primary?
"The want of money is the root of all evil."
How much money do you have...Don't preach to average americans about money when you are a multi-millionaire?  #hypocrite
Well, Money always has been slithering… There's just a lot more of it in fewer hands now. Which, yes, is worse.
Have you ever taken money from a PAC?
you are staying liking Senator Warren. Gross
End Citizens United, give us our democracy back!
Good thing you just came out in support of Hillary pouring more money into the system...
I am sure you have never accepted a dime of contributions, right?
that's not what her post is about
Talk to HRC...  She know how to manipulate the $$
Liz, Tell this to H BO and MO. -T
She's not a republican
How do we fix that? Where to even begin? How can fight money without money?
Lack of money leads to food shortages, a la socialist Venezuela
