I’m also glad that two Coast Guard helicopters, a plane, & crew from Cape Cod are already helping with Hurricane #Harvey rescue efforts.
And I’m glad that Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh is sending high-water rescue vehicles & cots to help the people of Houston.
Pres Trump has inspired so many to volunteer. Great to see coming together.
What is Southeastern MA doing to help? What are our Hospitals and communities doing to help? Everything seems like business as usual?
Thank you.  We love all the response to this storm. Texas will welcome them.
I am so grateful that POTUS is involved & pro active to assure the recovery of the Harvey victims. God Bless DJT !!
FEMA volunteers?? These are private citizens of the Cajun Navy
Now that I'll join you in being grateful for
Thank you Trump and fema. Love from Houston Texas. I lost my home and 8 year old dog (Roni), but your help earned you another vote in 2020 !
Elizabeth How come your not tweeting about the DNC scandal and Debbie wasserman Shultz?  I hear you constantly discussing the president
Get your big butt there and volunteer
Hey Liz don't  think that you can take credit for everybody helping down south because you're not smart enough you're an empty-headed sot
Watch how people do things you might learn something instead of sarcastic answers all the time
Trump/Pence 2020!!
Why what did u do
Nobody cares what you think squaw
What the hell are you doing fake Indian..??
Get that tweet op in there POCAHONTAS.  It ain't working with REAL MA voters.
I'm grateful for all the volunteers and emergency first responders. Not just the ones from MA.  That just shows your thought process though.
call your ANTIFA FRIENDS!
People will die tonight because they can't rescued. Listen in real time Zello app w/ the cajun navy Houston search/rescue
I don't think there Priuses will make it
You aren't screaming ,are you ok?
Wish we could say the same about you
So now will you denounce Antifa and their violence...???
Your a wanna be President your not Donald Trump is
Pocahontas did you do a rain dance or something?
Finally....saying something productive and not DESTRUCTIVE!  Get back to being a real leader!
This is a tragedy but when Americans shine
Why don't you go y'all ain't working in Washington
Your in Massachusetts thats a surprise
You're too ashamed to say where you're from... What a surprise.
What has been done in the past to protect the USA from this kind of flood? Are there any plans?
Thank you so so much for all your help. Much needed and much appreciated. #AmericaIsStrongNow
Well that's great! Your east coast indigenous American heritage has served you well!  They will get there on Wednesday
You shold get with Nancy @NancyPelosi  and explain what  FEMA does she doesn't have a clue.
THIS CAN BE FIXED! THE WATERS WILL RECEDE !JUST AS.NY AND JERSEY WITH SANDY WE AS A NATION SHOULD PUT ALL EFFORTS TO REBUILD AFFECTED AREAS!
Hey Elizabeth, I see you and Trump never miss a chance to publicize yourselves on Twitter.
She doesn't seem to be saying anything about herself, so what are you on about?
Thanks, Massachusetts.
I can’t say enough good things about FEMA. When we had horrid flooding in CO 4 years ago, they were ON IT. Helped us right away.
All your fault for doing that rain dance. #Pocahontas
Did you forget to thank our President for releasing the funds so quickly while your and your cronies were on vacation?  Think about it Liz!!
You stink
Thanks for your State helping Say Thank You Donald @DonaldreaITrump
Nearly Elizabeth warren trying to take credit for FEMA response - typical
Old Man Mitchell wonders if you are as proud of your Democratic supporters (aka Antifa) at Berkeley?
Hey Elizabeth when are you and the Dems going to do some work for the American people that's all you do is spread hate about our President.
She is pledging to personally donate 15 teepees.
Yea you want to ban menthol cigarettes cause it targets  blacke   Maybe put them where Clinton did to Monica
Thank you, President Trump for responding so quickly
You do realize that Trump has slashed the budgets for NOAA and FEMA. Didn't think so
 MashaAllah 
Hope Get well soon
Why don't you go with them that way you will be doing something
And you did thank our President for all the help he has been sending to Texas right?
For cutting FEMA and NOAA?
I'll second that!
I know your proud of our Presudent for doing a great job too.
Call that a great job?  Obviously you haven't been paying attention. He has slashed the budget for FEMA and NOAA
Very grateful but very afraid for people in Texas. Trump slashed the budget for FEMA so that we could have war and the stupid wall
What? No book you want to peddle to your political base? Guess there is some dignity left in this Governemnt.
You might wanna ask the President why was he peddling a book, dude. 
Yeah. That was the tongue in cheek perspective I just laid out.
I wished you ran for president
Lol lol u are kidding right
Quit. Bannon thinks you're fascist. Fixed it for you.
We need all the help your wonderful state can provide. #Thanks
