It is so amazing for Pak wh hv scarified thsnds f livs ovr lst tn yrs. Mst f th trror v fcd ws frm Afghn sde whr Idians still perpetrating.
A dacoit gets killed while making a bomb n thats no sacrifice!
India should wipe out Pakistan with a nuke and establish itself as a world power to be reckoned with.
You cant use a sword to uproot pimples! Pakistan is a pseudo-nation having deep shadows within India!
Did they give you the full tour? 
ROFL.. you met the person who trains terrorists & they are strategic assets of coward Pak Army
I met with Pakistan Army Chief Gen. Bajwa to discuss the critical role Pakistan must play in countering terrorism in the region. 
Ullo k pathno ka koch nhi kiya ja sakta rindians  jal jal k mar jao gy
PocaHONEST did you claim to be one of them to get in?
Way to go Geronimo!
I think you should talk more to people back in USA about what price we Pakistani paid for your war already and yes eventually it's ours too
What war?
Did you give out any national information to them I think this is very suspicion activities Did Obama/Hillary send you with information
It's amazing how many people believe your BS!!!! Sen. Warren...you're a liar!!!
omg! Did you ask the Pakistanis about Women's Rights, Equal Pay and accuse them of "Killing Thousands of People?"
Lol once we clean our own back yard then you look at your neighbors.
LOL Pakistan is doing better in equal pay and had even female PMs whiles America hasnt
I hope India grows a pair and nukes Pak off the map.
It's your big mistake you have meet to the wrong person
Your tootly wrong jal jal kabab bn jao sari zindagi jalty he raho gy jahil wrong
Elizabeth Pakis r terrorist them selves
Why isn't the White House (POTOS or Sec of State) engaged in such diplomatic hands on strategies? And this on holiday recess! So proud. 
Open your eyes...Pakistan is the nursery of terror. Paki is ISIS. First Islamic State.
USA has double standards in one side talk abt curbing terrorism and on the other turng blind eye of wht is being done under its nose.
What's being done "under its nose"?
bizarre- to expect terrorists,to counter terrorism.
Good luck, they hid Obama near their GHQ when they were taking aid from you. Usa when will you learn
Thank God we have you. @realDonaldTrump probably terrified to go there, draft dodger and all and basic coward.
Squaw on warpath. Heapum mad at Pale Face. No peace pipe.
How can someone f8 itself.

The west has crossed all limits of self-deception!

How can one expect such things from Laden-hosts?
How's that working out for us Pocahantus?
Blunder mistake to met with terrorist sponsor Gen. BAJWA he him self is a terrorist killing Baloch civilians in Balochistan
Why don't you fight like a warrior against the so called occupied or terrorist army ? Common baloch is suffering and you ? Open 4 dialogue
Fucking army and sucking country  in the entire world
Did u ask about missing 13.4% hinduz from Pak in last 70yrs. Their next target r baloch, soon, if not intervened, they wud be wiped out too
Terrorist can't help to stop terrorism ....that is big mistake u r doing ...how could you belive in state like pakistan ,
Wow wow wow wow meeting to a terrorist nation to discuss terrorism.
Did you tell the Army chief you were an Indian chief? #fakeindian
Next President of the  United States!!
Pakistan army is the biggest TERRORIST group in the world
And you thought, he will do it? Gen Bajwa is Chief instigator.
Did you ask theme why they are bombing Balochistanis?
Well donegoing to a terrorists for help in counter terrorism.
They gonna erect 400ft flag with the Aid money. Keep giving.
I tweet daily the atrocities committed by the Pakistan Army/Gov/ISI for #Balochistan scroll/read #StopBalochGenocide https://twitter.com/_missingBaloch/status/884127484375056384 …
Lol !! Awesome choice.....Like interviewing a paedo to discuss child protection ..Or interviewing a rapist to discuss protection of women
Osama homeland pakistan
.@SenWarren I find this hard to believe how you do not know of  ISI TERROR?!   http://www.bygwaah.com/modules/bygwaah/ … 
Please, read and learn! @Balochistan
Any plans to hook up with the Taliban over tea to chat about their role in countering terrorism?
ROFL.
Pak is a Terror State.
ARE YOU INSANE?!  LEARN TRUTH >Pakistan TERRORISM?!! You need to discuss with @DanaRohrabacher KIDNAPPING/TORTURE/MURDER OF INNOCENT #BALOCH
U have knocked a wrong door mam...the person u spoke, he himself is one of a terrorist...



We are committed to remove terrorist frm PAKISTAN not frm AFG.US forces are losers who can't win a war n AFG
You are asking the mastermind how to foil his own plans. Are u that naive?
Hahahaha ...
Hopefully didn't share your own plans with them.
Your comments have been very balanced. We thank you for visiting our country. God bless you.
R u nuts? U spoke 2 d man who is responsible 4 supporting/financing/training terrorists against both India nd Afghanistan..Hw low can it get
U didnt meet w/Pakistani military to discuss how to deal w/terrorism in region. To them ur just a woman.  They spoke, u listened.
And you asked the right person. Share with him all your plans and by evening the terrorists will be brainstorming those ideas 
How naive U Americans r; How many lessons U wud want from an army which had kept ur Most Wanted chap in their backyard.
They r the same ppl
Beside our  PM,  this JNU student is also on a mission with New India Vision@ https://youtu.be/1lwUhXTIPf8  ,  if like Pl Subscribe N Share
Pakistan must play a critical role or is already playing and should continue to play this role?
You do know that the Pakistani army and intelligence are the most corrupt organizations in the world correct? They helped Osama bin laden.
It's rhetoric which keeps on changing with times . Importance of pak for US has declined , So shift in stance . It's ok . We understand. Tnx
What's with the saggy jowls and potbellies? Can they at least try to look the part if not play it?
Pakistan Army is doing great thanks for your visit to find out fact. You must do little more to help #Kashmir Indian are brutally killing
Thats like asking cancer to help cure cancer.
U just wanted a helicopter ride you were serious
Pocahontas, it's fucking Pakistan
yup, keep giving U.S. taxpayers money to this terrorist country n they will keep killing Afghans indians and americans
They're the fountain of terror.
Are you a complete novice in International affairs? Pakistan is the hotbed of state sponsored terrorism.
You do realize you're also responsible for wreaking #terror in #Pakistan as a result of illegal #Drone operations, which have killed 1000s
The people you have met are primarily responsible for this terrorism. How do you plan to counter that?
terrorist army chief .
LMAO. What's she smoking ?
Weed
Be careful. The Pakistanis lie through their teeth. They, supported by Saudi money, are the cause of most terrorist activity in South Asia.
Did u mention Haqqani network to him ma'am or did u ask about ISI SUPPORT to such groups!All pak needs 2do is 4go terror. Region' b peaceful
Contradiction in your statements .. in Pakistan and outside!
Why must?
Ms warren you'd make the best president ever , yes u can
@SALSIKandar Pakistan is already playing a critical role to curb terrorism in region.Have you discussed same w/India Afghanistan?
Why are you there? Your still not doing a thing for your constituents of Massachusettes.
I salute to the sacrifices & resilience of Pak Nation.That unthankful Afg aka lapdog of India &cow piss drinker India will rot n burn always
What NDS and RAW are doing in Pak whilst sitting in Afg? All Terror acts in Pak are planned, supported and conceived from Afg? Plain FACT
What NATO and ISAF has collectively done in Afghanistan?End state?Yard stick of success?World shud be thankful to Pak and it's Forces indeed
Are u guys for real?Which country has given more sacrifices than Pakistan???Which Army has most successful ctr insurgency campaign eva? Pity
Keep coming to Pakistan. We will defeat terror together with international partners
1 baned on your armed factories, then baned import of that weapons, then stop interfere in othrs then u will see hw world became peaceful
I'M SURE THAT ALL OF YOUR MILITARY KNOWLEDGE & STRATEGIC MILITARY PLANNING REALLY IMPRESSED THE FOREIGN GENERAL. YOUR HYPOCRISY WAS EVIDENT.
I hope you do remember where Osama Bin Laden was found enjoying life? Pakistan as a fighter against terrorism is as oxymoronish as it gets
And now they r selling land like in DHA's to generate funds . Did you ask em about it?
They let Jihadists openly collect donations in #Karachi & #Pakistan in the name of Jihad with protection given . They r part of problem
s f dk ..whats wrong if US plays its role to solve kashmir issue .then it will not be so .and plz tel me meaning of jihad
And did they understand that how by supporting terrorism via its agencies they r destabilizing the region? I doubt so . Its national policy
@FarrukhKPitafi Pakistan army role in promoting terrorism is well known. So what did you discuss?
U people should b ashamed of such claims.Pakistan has lost much more precious lives than u people have in war against terror.Yet we must..??
Are you looking for your ancestors in Pakistan?
I bet he really payed attention to what u had to say, such a joke
Where are all the Twitter #LoganAct experts today?
Hello nice meeting you
You tell me who benefits from all these wars. I think we are playing games right into real wars become desensitized Things must change,talk
I bet you didn't tell them you were Indian.
HELLO HOW ARE YOU DOIG
Yeah like they are going to believe a word you say. Get back to DC and get to work there are bigger issues for you to fix in the USA!
Since you are Resisting Potus @realDonaldTrump are you encouraging Pakistan to continue to harbor Haqanni Network and Taliban.
Tuck your shirt in, you are work bubba

And I am certain he lied right to your face.  They are crooked as the day is long.  How much is his "cooperation" costing us?
WOW! And why didn't you do this for the last 8 years under your Dumbocrat Obama? Pocahontas jumping on the POTUS bandwagon! #MAGA
Which of your two faces did they laugh in.


Did you claim to be of Pakistani decent in order to garner support?
Great...
Maybe you should consider staying there as their advisor. We can do without you for the next...oh 50 yrs.
this trip on taxpayers dime? @va_shiva is a shoe in!
You do not need to be the crazy face of America ........ tell us how you came under fire ........ why are you not working on health care?
Looks to me like you got to hear three men converse in Urdu for awhile. You have even less credibility there than here.
Don't lie to them about being Indian.. they hate Indians
Well I'm sure they will change, now that Pocahontas has spoken!
No one is paying attention to you
Luny Warren please see how they treat women and children there!!! They are sure to listen to a liar like yourself!
HAH look at that clown. Yeah Im sure they take you seriously...hahaha what a joke. #FakeIndian
Yay ... you're sure to make as much or MORE of an impact as any Pakistani WOMAN would in the region!
You're OUR hero lizzy! You go girl
wonder why soros sent her instead of obama... oh because that would have been too obvious
WHY DID YOU SAY NO TO AUDITING THE FED!? $9 TRILLION MISSING. WHO GOT IT? WHAT COUNTRIES? WHAT BANKS? WHAT ENTITIES? WHO ARE YOU PROTECTING?
What the hell are you doing?
Wh paid for your trip Liz?
Thank you
based in religion so need more than guns and bombs..
So you are going to join the Taliban? Sen.Warren, you will be at home with the Taliban.
It's obvious this chick is going to run for president. She will get crushed by Trump
Don't tell us he's an Indian chief!
Liz saving America
Who actually sent her there, anyway?
Fraternizing with the terrorists. Good job.
Who over there is going to take you seriously? You're grandstanding and everyone sees that; and you have no authority to set policy.
More than you fool
But I'm intelligent and humble enough not to try.  ;)
Did you say anything.  No knowledge is powerful.
I'm sure he was soooo impressed with you Senator. What kind of terrorism is it anyway?
Thank you for supporting efforts on the frontlines in order to keep up safe!
If only you were President...sigh.
Thank god she's NOT president...sigh of relief
hello lady how are you
Like he really gives a damn...
My questn is that is this nt terrorism what is being done by these both to destabilize the whole region.
U People seem to trn a blnd eye to th Indian and Afghn aggressions resulting thsds civilian lve in Pakistan. Paradoxly, askg pak to do more.

Pakistani Army training Taliban.

How are you going to discuss a Terrorist group like Pakistani Army AKA (Taliban) to play a critical role in counter terrorism? Like how?
You would have had my vote Senator
And you think that they listened? Where did we get Osama Bin Laden - in the some monitored by Pakistan Army. Please think again.
Pakistan every single person on Earth and specially USA know is a TERRORIST COUNTRY till u BOMB Pakistan they will keep making earth Hell
o warren, u want friends with the guys that protected osama....so what did they tell u lol.
wonder what message she is taking over there for Hillary. Wonder why Obama isn't going there instead of S.K. he is a muslim man
I'm sure he was imprest.

In Yemen with our help to Saudi Arabia they killing civilians bombing scholls hospitals 17 milion starving to death  starving
So Pocahontas goes on taxpayer paid vacation instead of being in DC actually doing her job! HYPOCRITE!
Bow and arrows Pocahontas?
Glad you are a military leader now. How about spend sometime helping your state counter terrorism?
Army chief meets Indian chief bat shit crazy
If you are the best the Dems have to offer....Say hello to two term Trump
Hahahaha no one listens to you! You are no leader!
Uh huh.  Leave it to our President.  #awanbrothers #awangate
Keep your nose out of foreign affairs. We have a state dept and a President to handle that. They speak for us, not you. U are not qualified.
Wait! you mean you're not just sitting in a press conf. saying/tweeting that we are going to defeat terrorism?! #realforeignpolicy
so did youwatch any of the media coverage of any of the countries we have gone to in the last 4 months?
God bless u... My most fav Senator
Run for President. Only chance we have
she not even going to be a senator running for president is a fantasy

Did they mind that your a INDIAN !
Where do these liberal state politicians get off undermining our Presidents diplomacy plans?
..... and do you even know what that role is? Good photo op thou.
You look presidential to me!
What r you doing to help your base
ARE you traveling on your money or MINE?
Maybe she's telling them how to get ahead claiming to be something they're no.
I'm sure they were highly impressed with your school marm demeanor. Terrorists shaking
You'll Never be POTUS!!!!! #TermLimits
Really, Chief? I'm sure they appreciate your vast experience. #WasteOfMoney
who athourized pocahantis to take a diplomatic trip?
Goulagirl, name-calling is so kindergarten. ...so Trumpian.
Cupcake Lib. Go home !
Dont think that works- they are all bad people
Cause  U.S. Generals wont give you the time of day....Lizzi Wackin
What a waste of tax payer's money !!
@SenWarren - What a waste of Taxpayers' money! Couldn't you just e- mail military intelligence and get the same info?
I heard they laughed their ass of at u and wanted u out of their country.
This is what it looks like to care .
I LOVE YOU
Did you make him a sandwich, kitten?
Some kind of woman.
What the hell is a Massachusetts senator doing in Afghanistan? Don't answer that - I couldn't bear the bullshit.
