If @realDonaldTrump won't reverse his birth control decision, Congress should make him. Read my @glamourmag op-ed.
Make abortion inconceivable
trump doesn't care Senator Warren.
Neither does @SenWarren
Very feminist of you to suggest women are helpless to fund their own birth control so need to rely on men.
Nonsense....birth control isn’t expensive.
Fetus vs. papoose? What about the females that went up for that Ivy League job you scalped away from Native American women? What about their economic freedom?
Oh please...
Since when do you remotely care about economic freedom?
Did he make it unavailable for purchase? Stop the crap.Its not that expensive.
The BC I use to treat my ovarian cysts is $112 w/o insurance. If my boss denies coverage then I can't afford it and will be in a lot of pain
Then you need to take it up with big Pharma.
Big pharma isn't the one who signed an Exec. Order to allow my boss to breach HIPAA and decide what my insurance covers or not.
No it’s not. 45 owns that one. It’s the combo of all of it that needs to be repealed & replaced. Ocare needs to be fixed not replaced
It's beyond fixing.people have ins they can't afford to use or providers don't accept
Trump is protecting religious freedom, which (unlike reproductive rights) is actually in the constitution.
Women want Gov't out of their vaginas... but they want the Gov't to pay for their birth control.  Lol.
A right to something does entitle you to have someone pay for it. Your rights have not been violated.
I like how she says taking away a mandate is an attack on freedom let that sink in for a second. Liberalism: Ideas so good they’re mandatory
Tell me, is anyone prohibited from obtaining and using contraceptive drugs if they want to?
Maybe if women would say to men, esp DJT, with no BC you get nothing.......
Informed women saw this coming a mile away.
As clearly as they saw the 2016 election results?!? Lol
attacking women makes his pee-pee feel less soft - and, sadly, many men in congress have the same shortcoming
If you pay for insurance, it's not free. What's not right is your boss break HIPAA and denying coverage of BC regardless what you use it for
Break HIPAA? Lol
ran out of characters to use breach :/ In any regard, my boss shouldn't be involved in my medical decisions.
They're not, their involved in what benefits are covered. Buy it yourself or work somewhere else. It's your decision.
Nothing like a bunch of over paid old men basically dictating to younger women what they can or cannot do with their bodies!
Keep fighting for America Elizabeth Warren!!  Dump Trump!!
Now he’s grabbing women by the ovaries.
The fact that you think killing a mandate is an attack on freedom shows just how loony the far left of your party has become.
The fact you do not understand how important birth control is to women is a concern .
Some can be and is ,some needs to be prescribed  for reasons best explained by a doctor .
Sorry this is so long..but I have talked to peeps older than I. They remember WW II..Please think, we may be old and poor, our votes are not
Last I checked Planned Parenthood still giving it out FREE. Which still gets my tax dollars  sickening
What does #FatDonny and the #GOP have against the American people. Especially women.@realDonaldTrump
Unless women have complete control over their reproductive system, they will never have equality.
Bull shit.
Birth control is like 12 bucks
How
Get rid of Viagra.
Elizabeth Warren is unstable and unsuitable to hold a pubic office.
Run in 2020 as a human being that will prosecute every traitor, up to and including Trump, and got my vote.
Nothing worse than the murder of the unborn says God!!
Should we expect anything less from the #ChiefPussyGrabber?
.@realDonaldTrump's attack on the ACA's birth control mandate not only attacked reproductive rights. It attacked women's economic freedom.
Trump loves attacking women's economic freedom.

It helps him feel confident that he can get them to sleep w/ him, despite his tiny hands.
Trump's ego his HUGE.

His hands.

Not so much.
Enough is enough.

We should stop teasing Trump about his tiny hands.

Americans should be bigger than that.

And so should Trump's hands.
New name for trump supporters. The Gullibles.

Economic Freedom. They can’t afford $9.72 a month @ Walmart Pharmacy?
But my aim was to be a Journalist! Even my dream? Okay...will I have to move in with my daughter? Haven't lived with her since college 1993!
How dare he want to stop the murder of unborn children
Sign: American Tax Payers 
it's also in no one's best interest. it seems to be just plain mean
#ImPOTUS hates women. He sees them as no more than interchangeable pu**ies. So why is it a surprise that he'd "attack" ANY of our rights?
its attacking our BODIES. cramps, clots, red rivers   will become millennials/gen x new normal. im beyond needing, but furious
It's not economic freedom forcing everyone to have mandatory maternity coverage.
You are such an inspiration!  Thank you!
They still have access, they just have to pay for it themselves. It's called responsibility. 
What about my economic freedom to not have my money stolen? Stop the hyperbole, nobody buys into your bullshit!
Killing babies should not be a decision.
Why don’t you go plagiarize some more cookbooks.
Birth control is available on every street corner.

It is deeply disturbing how this continues to be relevant as we march toward handmaiden
I had nightmares after watching #TheHandmaidsTale on @Hulu...it could become reality if @GOP has their way.
I agree!!
Elizabeth. You are an advocate of killing unborn babies. It is not okay even if you say it is a woman's right. It is killing if the innocent
So... you want more babies born to women who don't want a baby? Are you willing to support them? Or do you want to legislate sex acts? WTF?
Here’s a novel concept; keep your legs closed!
That's a brilliant solution. As brilliant as telling men to "keep it in your pants." Psst..."just say no to drugs" didn't work either. 
Congratulations @MikeZupkofska !!! You're a perfect 10/10 troll.  Get some therapy. #MakeAdverbsGreatAgain
Barefoot and pregnant, how else are they going to keep women under their thumbs?

So now woman can't be free unless men pay their way?
So you pay everyones insurance  do you ? No ,women pay for their own insurance  ,it should cover their needs just as yours covers your needs
You can choose to work for a company whose benefits cover it.
You're fine w/ your boss deciding what's best for you?   How easy would it be for you to leave your job, vacation hrs & benefits?
Success comes easy to those who are motivated and focused. You speak as though it is impossible work hard and get what you want out of life
No I'm explaining that Social welfare doesn't cost a fraction of what #Corporate Welfare costs.  Help ppl. Fuck companies.
Taking BC out of healthcare means taking away what WE WORK & PAY INTO.  Not You.  may as well tell us how to spend our pay.  You do you
I'm not speaking in the abstract.I BUY coverage 4 MY employees.And know how much it cost B4 Ocare & after. So,yeah, U do U & I'll do me + 30
When I taught in Catholic schools, the Archdiocese wouldn't cover my birth control pills. $30/mo. Big deal.
But some women are using the birth control meds for actual  HEALTH ISSUES. Not for birth control.
Off-label may fall under different rules. Hormonal meds like OCP have serious health risks; it's over-Rx'd imo. Read Sweetening the Pill.
They have given one of my daughter's regular Birth control pill for another condition. So is the employer going to ask why you take them.
BS! Don't want kids? Don't have sex just for fun!
Now your making crap up, nowhere in the Constitution does it speak of the rights you say are rights
A man gets a say in women reproductive rights? How Embarrassing for Americans
No rights are being violated here. Don't be insane.
Women's rights don't count I guess to u then? Unless that's sarcasm
Yes, they count. But saying you must pay for them doesn't violate the right. I have a right to own guns but not to have one bought for me.
Your boss gets to decide what they cover because it is their money. You get to decide whether you work for them or not. That's freedom.
If a boss chooses to not believe in insulin, what should a diabetic do? Logically, its a slippery slope dude.
Then you get to: 1. Negotiate 2. Find a new job. 3. Get a private plan. I can't make you pay for my stuff. You can't make me pay for yours.
When are you going to champion the rights of the women victimized by the #Democrats main abortion funder (and alleged rapist) #Weinstein?
They actually have the economic freedom to buy it themselves...
BC doesn't cost u anymore than inhalers do.  WHY aren't you more upset about Corporate handouts that COST MORE?
Does your wife pay for YOUR 1/2 of dinner?  Do you tell your son-in-law he shouldn't pay one penny for your daughter's promiscuity???
It's $9 a month. Buy your own.
if a conservative is speaking a conservative is lying
While health insurance with out mandate covers VIAGRA. That is discrimination against woman.
Only freeloaders
How did it attack rights and freedom? Birth control is still available, isn't it?
BC doesn't cost u anymore than hearing aids or inhalers. Tell us how to spend benefits that WE not YOU work & pay 4!  How'd u like it?
Women need birth control for more than a contraception. Most men don't seem to understand this. Google is their friend; they should use it.
And that means companies should be required to pay for it?
Why not? After all, they pay for Viagra. Or is it one thing for men and something totally different for women?
Because it's communistic to make somebody pay for somebody else's stuff. Man stuff or woman stuff, such mandates are wrong.
It's socialism and it's all around the US but since you don't like it guess that's the end of police & fire services; roads & bridges; 1/
The military & defense;  garbage collection; . postal service; & Social Security to name a few. 2/
If you want to whine about mandates, that's your choice. I'd rather work towards helping ALL people have healthcare no matter what it costs.
Not whining, I'm educating those who confuse rights with socialistic mandates that won't work, like healthcare for all no matter the cost.
birth control does NOT attack women's economic freedom. That's beyond silly you're smarter than that
It does if she gets pregnant and can't get a legal abortion; she becomes a mom. It takes over $200k to raise a child today.
So I guess not having sex unless ur ready for a child just doesnt make sense ?
That becomes the best option, for both women and men.I don't necessarily support that when we know sex happens.consensual & non consensual.
Ugh Warren again, crazy Indian
I love how insults are all you have. Typical desperate conservative cultists.
Sad that GOP has been totally castrated. We have a bunch of vaginas running shit and failing miserably!
MAN UP!
Help turn Twitter Blue Demand 
#SinglePayerUniversalHealthCareForAll 
24/7 (no txts) 
202 225 3121   Congress all Dems & Repubs
@IvankaTrump owns this too.
Amen
This is what ur worried about today? U have become part of the problem. What PUNCH r u all drinking in DC? Polishing brass - time to jump
Seriously?  Being irresponsible limits economic freedom. Just don't get pregnant if you don't want a baby. PRETTY SIMPLE & EASY!
You're a nutty fake Indian !!!!
Happy Dhanteres and Happy dhan Laxmi
Woman/Men can still buy it, you can still abstain from it. Therefore you are in control of it. Tax dollars should not cover it. Period.
ALSO insurance agencies shouldn't be FORCED to cover it. In a capitalist economy if u WANT something you buy it with YOUR money. #EasyButton
As a beginning of reperations, Minorities should have access to abortion on demand without cost.
#ParasitesDownTheSink
I paid for my own for http://years.You  people are ridiculous
You’re out of touch. Go back to bed Grandma. We’re not asking them to pay just give us prescribed pricing. We pay our cooays too.
Do you work for one of the religious organizations that are exempt?
birth control is a personal choice, get it out of government hands & put it in womens hands, get birth control over-the-counter, end issue
If reproductive health is patient responsibility than forget viagra and prostate exams. Men can pay for it themselves.
Such a freaking lie. Zero access to birth control has been taken away.  ZERO.  The taxes you have voted for attack MY economic freedom.
I’m sure @POTUS and the @GOP are WELL AWARE of this. They’re NOT going to be happy with the abstinence however! Let’s do that!
ACA exempts ALL male birth control & Men pay 4 services related to reproductive capacity like vasectomies.

You never care about them. Why?
Our everything. Once again, they are trying to own and control our everything. Not going to happen.
????? Economic freedom? I believe the freedom is to whether to have sex or not.
There are other ways to keep from getting pregnant
http://www.asco.org/about-asco/press-center/news-releases/health-insurance-rule-threatens-key-component-standard-cancer …
How's it my problem over someone's reproduction?
Hey nasty woman, why r u not marching on Hollywood?
Unfortunately Sen.Warren Trump doesn't care about women or us in this country!!
That is because he could not care less about women, unless he is grabbing them or using them.  :(
And why is it that only men determined that? What happened to make no law based on religion?
Hands off!
You are such a lying hack! Go to bed.... we will #MAGA
love what you have.
Was your birth control ever paid for by the government?   I'm younger than you... mine was not!
Economic freedom is paying for your own stuff
Economic freedom when someone else is paying for your sexual activity.....hahahahaha
@VP Pence EVIL RELIGIOUS FANATIC playing oooo so innocent and "lied to"-yeah right-get the corrupt treasonous lying tool-@VP Pence to jail
Why in Hell Should Taxpayers pay for birth control?
You Democrats have not helped the USA for a Year,But all you do is talk about what TRUMP says,,How about doing something!
White women voted him in. It's their fault!
No one can interfere w/a womans reproductive rights . U think we are all stupid ? All u wanna do is push socialist propaganda. SICK
Really? Hmmm. Seems we had a pres that used a cigar on a woman. Boy, he respected women. That, my dear, was disrespect for women.
All women know that birth control helps with issues other than birth control - migraines, acne, depression, more. He needs to stay OUT OF THIS ISSUE!!
That’s it exactly!
That's the real agenda, isn't it? Evangelicals don't really care about reproduction. It's all about power.
TDS is attacking Liawatha's brain! She's losing her freedom to be rational. A pathetic captive of Moral and Intellectual Dwarfism!
All part of Alt Right agenda - so obvious it's criminal. To deny women the Rights we have gained over the hard yrs of struggle. #Resist !
What does Elizabeth Warren know about birth control??? What man would want to get near that dried up old hag?
I broke my shoulder and have paid over 2400$ in out of pocket fees.  Why shouldn’t women be responsible for their own BC?
No one is out there fighting got me except for PRES TRUMP.
I promise, I'll keep my prostate suggestions to myself if men will keep their uterus decisions to themselves. hands off .
https://www.facebook.com/ATTNVideo/videos/1763908460580774/ …
YOUR NOTHING BUT A DISGRCE TO MY COUNTRY
You R such a disgusting dangerous threat 2 Amer & an embarrassment 2 women! Quit taking $ from Big Pharma & vote 2 make BC over the counter!
Why does Trump hate President Obama so much? Is it because Obama is a statesman and Trump is jealous? Trump's hatred goes beyond reason.
watch for unanimous consent by the chairman that how the GOP pass thing without discussion saw on 60 mins last night whistle blower at DEA
Does a woman have reproductive “rights” when it involves killing another human being? Just curious, what is your stance on death penalty?
Men! They couldn't pay support if they didn't show income!Jobs, down!When I was there bbsttr. 25$ a week, now it's minimum wage! Same as Mom
Why do we pay for men’s protection ?
I'm a woman & I Don't agree!
Yes, and it attacks the basic fact that for a woman, unlike a man, pregnancy effects her health. Health meaning her whole body.
No. U are attacking MY economic freedom by demanding I pay for my neighbor's bc.
 Not 1970 anymore,  #WakeUP #RipVanWarren!
Well, you attack our second amendment rights, so what is your point?
Take care your own health
Huh?
Women’s economic freedom? Why do I have to pay for their promiscuity? Why do you need birth control if YOU’RE OK KILLING A 22 week old BABY
Upset because government will no longer make insurers pay for something they want at the point of a gun.  Cry hard & get it?
It attacked families.
You lie.  If you don't like it sponsor a bill and make a law. You are in the legislative branch you know?
Wonders how this women going to work and afford daycare w/outbirth control.Unless they plan women2stay home
Bc costs a few bucks a month . Give us a break Pocahontas how did you amass your millions as a senator. Oh yea insurance companies
buy condoms
Women!! This is our fight!! Got to it!
Relying on the government now equals economic freedom...
Warren go home your giving women a bad name.
If he had any motives, that would be it. He is afraid of women.
I’m pretty sure the ‘R’s’ call that “killing two birds with one stone”.
Anti birth control, deigning children health care is   "their" way of population control

No uterus, no opinion
And if you don't support a woman's choice you should support BC. It cuts down on abortions.
Sick woman
Says a Baby Killing unlover of the unborn who disrespected all of the Trump nominees. Millionaire gated community private school hypocrite.
Under Warren everything is a right, never have heard the word responsible for anyone on anything
#BirthControl=EconomicFreedom #EqualResponsibilty4BirthControl
I agree we certainly don't want  liberals having children. I support free  birth control and  abortions for all liberals

Do you legislate at all or is attacking the president you’re only mission
No it doesn’t mis Warren. There are plenty of avenues to get contraception. You just want the federal government to pay for it.
Trump doesn't care about women's economic freedom or rights. He has said 'You have to treat 'em like s----'."
It also ATTACKED women's health care, as birth control pills are used for other ailments !
So, reproductive rights? Nothing reproductive about the use of abortion as retroactive contraception

Thats The Truth...
When a man and a woman have intercourse, how do these politicians think it's only the woman's responsibility? Have they had sex before?
Doubt it, some are so fugly there is no way they could worry about being pregnant.
He is frightened of women
.  Please, you need to stop!
except for 1%er's like yourself, right Liz?
No woman has the right to kill her baby
Being a slave to hormone altering drugs is economic freedom for women?
Conservatives want more and more brought into an overpopulated world then don't give a damn about them once their here.
They're*
As someone who took birth control for bleeding issues, I am opposed to limits on health options for women.
this is you making shit stupid by acting so feministacky!!
Ban boner pills and added T. Be brave. Both can make men crazy. We CAN do this. Play this card. Most of congress & Trump on this. & insane.
What happened to personal responsibility. If u n ur friends want to have sex. Pay 4 it. This is not a health problem it a choice problem
What about my freedom. Why do I have to pay or subsidize someone else’s birth control ?  They want it they can pay for it.
Bingo. Women who can’t control their own biology ARE NOT FREE. Period.
That’s what you get from a sexual predator
You are right! We get paid less but our life costs more. We women need to be more aware. It isn't ok to make us pay in all ways.
Women can still get birth control and economic freedom w/o govt.  My daughters were raised to be independent,strong, & productive citizens!!

What part is false. Oh never mind, I am sure you were talking about Sen Warren’s comments.
Trump attacking women in every way, it's so sad that 53 percent of white women voted for Trump the rapists
Rapists? You must be confusing him with Bil.
Please, Sen.Warren. Dems need to do more to push this incompetent POS out of the WH.
My taxes shouldn't be going towards people to have sex. Pay for it themselves, if it's for medical conditions then I'm for it.
My taxes shouldn't go towards corporate handouts.  They cost US a lot more than BC does!
They want to take away women's birth control pills. Ok, then let's take away their Viagra!
I don't think the hysterical hyperbole of "attack" lends credence to you for any valid criticism or debate.
I doubt someone who is always looking to spend other peoples money really cares about economic freedom

Went to Shaw's, here on Cape, the other day & a table had been set up outside store w/supporters asking the public to defund birth control!
If you're going to fight this, don't just do it half way! It limits women's health care options for many medical conditions & may violate HIPAA.
25 years ago my wife and I both had free health ins. Until the government started mandating. The free market works best
It attacks women !
Women's reproductive rights are right to keep your legs closed and the right to buy your own birth control
What is "women's economic FREEdom" ?? Birth control is still readily available, you just may have a Co-pay.  Who pays if if you don't?
Deplorable
He doesn't want us to have freedom
You liberals so obsessed with sex! People can reproduce all they want, the taxpayers don't have to pay for their birth control. That's all.
But viagra is OK. Not going to limit access to that.
