Oh, your bitching is a little late then. Get your rear on the island and deliver supplies. That's what will help.
Trump's insanity is bringing upon a humanitarian crisis in #PuertoRico. He needs to go! #TrumpMustGo #25for45
Then why haven't u helped them in the last 8 years?
True#facts
Economic crisis caused by Democratic policies.
Puerto Rico was never suffering an economic crisis they're not required to pay federal or sales tax and they get billions in Aid

Lets get around the clock  #AirDropsinPuertoRico going. 
Let me check to see if you tweeted about PR economic crisis before.............Nope
Only matters during a campaign season.
Humanitarian crisis is completely separate they caused their fiscal problems this is completely not in anyway comparitive
Bravo
Yes because if corrupt pols like yes because of corrupt polslike@carmencruz you fraud!
What I don't see is the politicians out helping.  Nor do i see a lot of the residence helping except themselves. They the ones complaining
Puerto Rico: The welfare state. Different victim mentality.  Local govt. is corrupt.  Island poorly managed.
Yes I heard there was a democratic in charge like the one in Chicago
???????
Puerto Rico run by liberal socialists what else would you expect. adults are and will clean up this mess if Libtards stay out of the way
Go away bot
Living in the corridor of major storms  leads to this type of turmoil. The supplies are there, 10,000 men and women are to. Access is hard
And your Democrat party imposed this economic crisis on Puerto Rico!  Section 936.
Going broke from socialiat policy is not a humanitarian crisis. Its what happens when u have ignorant leftist leanings. Go TRUMP
And donnie boy is too busy playing golf to marshal forces to help PR out for a week!  Doesn't help them until he is about to visit-photo-op!
But it's in a big big ocean
It's very sad, the disasters have caused total destruction. Thoughts and prayers. 
What have you done to help Puerto Rico Senator Warren?
That's because their government is corupt.
Just like a #Democrat government
It's ridiculous Puerto Rico gets hit first of our nation and last to get help way to go land of the free Sat we have the brave part right.#1
Please #Resign you are #Embarrassing me as a #Massachusetts resident #LetsFireHer2018
You incorrectly blame Trump for complications of PR brought on by liberals in the first place while 16 us ships deliver supplies daily.

Trump helped create economic crisis with failed golf course endeavor, which might be why he hasn't gone there
Yet, you've done nothing for them.
#PracticeWhatYouPreach #DoubleStandard #TheDemocrats #Hypocrites
This is how conservatives handle emergencies they just continue to cry about taxes and keep their heads buried in the sand. Real Christians.
Again, did you state this the past 8 years?
Are you suggesting we bail out PR with $ we not they have? Roll the printing press!
you could have proposed a pre-disaster declaration like @NYGovCuomo did before Sandy.  but you didn't
Trump would rather play golf than help anyone
It's called Donald Trump.
There are so many people and organizations doing more to help Puerto Rico than our own government and that's sad! #potus should be fired!
Yea the US President who would rather go golfing and complain about it then help people in need.
So, why did you and the former administrations let Puerto Rico get to this point economically?
Hurricane tRump.
It's called Dem socialist policies
PR was suffering caused by liberals running it into the ground!!
Can you be potus please?
Sit DOWN #Fauxchontas
Roll up your sleeves and get on down there.  Maybe they should have spent money on infrastructure long before it got hit.
Furthermore, where was YOUR Presidnt Obama for the last 8 yrs of PR's 120 BILLION debt?
Yes, which BEGS the question why is PR's govt. so corrupt & incompetent.
What r u doing about it? Why can we go to war with no time to spare? ...PR IS USA!!!!!
send some of your money t'wit
We need Stevie Wonder to do a remake of his song about Nixon, " You haven't done nothing" for Comrade Trump.
Could congress require @reaDonaldtrump to repay his own $33 million debt to them asap?
That's what happen when you have democrats in charge such as this mayor. They didn't suffer this eco crisis over night but under Obama.
What have you done to help Americans? Nothing!
"The buck stops here." Truman
"It's somebody else's fault." Trump

Rome burned while Nero fiddled.
Trump golfed while Puerto Rico drowned.
Very Good Analogies,http://B.Cool ! Thanks4 Sharing them!!
just shut up. If u are worried about people, see after ur own. We don't want OBAMACARE. U R killing us
Hey @SenWarren why not go to the NFL and have them cancel 4 weeks of the season.  Use the 4 weeks helping in Florida and Puerto Rico?
What is congress doing??????
When Obama was Pres, he did nothing to help PRs suffering economy
What did dems do before Trump?  NOTHING. The only thing you know how to do is complain and point the finger.  Typical
Instead of our president babbling about it..... get it done Mr President.... or your fired!!
Suffering from prior economic crisis bc of overspending & social programs.  Bad govt leadership.
what are you doing to help Pocahontas
Yes, the humanitarian crisis that Trump helped create by his non urgency attitude because we are people of color!
Liz, we have heard enough from pocahontas!
; PR over 70 billion in debt and nothing to show for it. Another example of fiscal incompetence, a Warren speciality.
Let's begin again, Lizzie:  (D)-led Puerto Rico was already suffering from economic crisis long...
Massive corruption is an economic crisis?
No!  No!  Spending more money than you have is a good thing when it's (D).
Yeah called Donald Trump
Maybe you should have been working on helping them out of their economic crisis? Didn't they matter 2u until now.
perhaps if you hadn't been idle 20-26 September...
An economic crisis in part caused by Drump.
Right @realDonaldTrump ????
Probably because you and the other Democrats screwed them over like the rest of our country.
Seems to me that you and all your sheep supporters should put up or shut up Ms. Warren. Libtards will even use a hurricane against Trump
The whole foundation of u Leftist's complaints is built on false propaganda. It's not racist to protect us from Islamic slaughter & illegals
Puerto Rico in mess bcz of leftist communist politicians like you. U just want to spend our money. Why don't give some of UR $ to help?we do
An economic crisis caused by people like you long before Trump got in office, but nice try.
ACA destruction Violation Hm Rights

VOTE OUT ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA, supporting muderous tax plan & not impeaching Corrupt Trump Pence
The Dems tanked HR 3823 Disaster Relief bill 4 days ago cuz they wanted DACA attached. Who is failing PR? PLEASE
That's Obamas fault. Trump will fix it
Here's an idea...#forgivePuertoRicodebt
MAN YOU ARE SUCH A FRAUD!
Golfer in Chief @POTUS is on it....just wait til he finishes this round! @seanhannity @SenateGOP @nytimes @MSNBC @foxnation @billmaher @CNN
We’re not dumb and we know you’re setting up to try to false-guilt people into accepting Puerto Rico as a state.
#captainobvious
now,unfortunately we have to dump billions to only have to do it within a few short years.  Do it right, no money, just materials
Why is it you didn't do anything in the past 8 years Fauxcahontas??
Helicopter air drop contents of thousands of containers and stop political posturing; they need help but aren’t helpless. #doitnow
Yup they spend more $$$ than they have promised to much welfare and u want  to model the US after them
You can’t take care of your own state you might as well quit meddling into Puerto Rico’s business! Get off the pot and get to work!
Your so smart
It's called...Trump.
Yea economic crisis perpetrated by democrats. Great job! Just like large cities and California that is what happens when dems run things.
Yes, it was. DECADES of corruption. Why didn't you care before?? #Hypocrite #PuertoRico
All while you sit in your ivory tower, I bet your re election campaign has a boat load of $$ don’t see you writing a check
The Jones act destroyed Puerto Rico.. end it now!!!
Martha's vineyard  fares better than Puerto  Rico
And it's in the middle of some bigly ocean  water
And Trump just insulted them. Can Congress send help?
Exactly what our President said, thank you!
45
They should leave the Union of Soviet Americas, USA. Secede. Ask to join Canada. Stop being third class citizens
Shut up and do something. #tcot
Glad to see your on the ball
so load up your broom and get down there
You still bitchin' and moanin' about everything ? Prove to us ONE THING YOU DID TO AID PUERTO RICO MISS FEATHERBRAIN.
Rebuilding PR should include distributed solar farms and wind farms that could survive future hurricanes.Too dependent on diesel.
What have you done to help?
Get this POS out of office!!!!
PR a true Democrats FAILURE! !!
You should call your Senator, then, Liz.
You're from Maine? WTF have YOU done to help Puerto Rico, pocahantas? Unless you can help, best you remain silent & let the adults handle PR
@realDonaldTrump An economic crisis exacerbated by POTUS for defaulting on $33 million and sticking PR taxpayers with the bill.
Plural. Hurricane'S. That's who's to blame AND local gvmnt

plenty of evidence from the ground showing the opposite NOT from the timeline of a trump supporter :)
also, the question isn't whether the US is there at all - it's whether we're doing enough. And the answer is no, not even close.
was that crisis because of Trump? Failing to pay what he owed there?
#Trump contributed to the problem.  He did invest in a troubled property, confident he could fix it I'm sure.  His friends contributed too!
So go do something about it.
Let's  tow the island off the shore of MA. You feel better now? It's your fault they are suffering. You are the root of the problem.
An excellent explanation of PRs economic issues:
So DO something.
Have only hears the vice-chair of DNC mention the Virgin Islands. What about our people there? DUMP TRUMP.
And you are accomplishing what?
I'm sure they thank God your not President or in control of the help they really be bad off
Could you tell trump that!
Whose problem was the economic crises? Definitely not this administration. Pres Trump is working hard to help PR.
So what's your plan? A teepee for each family? Or airlifting furnished homes with generators? You could take a family in with you.. Nah
Hopefully the outcome of this devastion will give Puerto Rico the opportunity to turn their economy around. Beautiful people.
Pleaseeeeeeeeeee be president now
Economic crisis under Obama admin, under Dem controlled Congress. PR has been run (into the ground) by Dems. #HelloDetroit?
#Liawatha u & other #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether have made allegations that @POTUS is ignoring Puerto Rico u need #PelosiBismol 4 the BS
Democrats never helped Puerto Rico when the country needed help. The Obama government refused to help.  Why do you blame Republicans now??
That's because the democrats there are so corrupt!
Why can't Congress authorize relief funds?  Is the GOP jamming the effort?  Is there an effort?  We know the #failingFakePOTUS won't help.
Warren, where were you before and during PR's bankruptcy??
Promoting bankruptcy
When are you donating a million? POTUS did.
You and Bernie, Pelosi and Waters should get off your lethargic obstructionist asses and raise some funds.
They were suffering from an economic crisis?No Pocahontas,THEY VOTED DEMOCRAT FOR THE LAST 30 YEARS and you crooked politicians mismanaged them just like any other City or State you idiots run
1st it was Russia now Puerto Rico. When will the left understand that Trump is too strong
Yes & much was due to your bankrolled G.Soros influencing & pushing for bankruptcy.His ppl/bnks/investors would swoop on PR like vultures.
More tilting at the wind Liz? When are you going to help in Puerto Rico? All you do is complain. You contribute absolutely nothing to us.
Time they start paying fed income taxes
You do realize that devastation creates cheap land. Trump wants them suffer. His friends will profit from Cheap Land And Predatory Lending
You figured it out?  Don't borrow money you can't pay back??
SHARING THIS LINK!!! JUST CLICK THE LINK, SIGN AND GET PAID NO BANK ACCOUNT NEEDED. http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=50682 
What have you done?  Let me guess you became Puerto Rican over night
What, as your constituents, are the practical steps to take to address this catastrophe?
So many trying to get off the island!
Ummm ya! That’s what Trump said and everyone freaked! Left drama.
Please support the repeal of the Jones Act for PR!
Well get to work
Just like every other Mecca-Detroit, New Orleans. Once again the hard working taxpayer have to bail out the needy due to mismanaged finances
Good thing @realDonaldTrump is our @POTUS.Who better than the King of Economics to address the crisis you admit you allowed them to suffer?!
It is because of the global warming that Al Gore created after he invented thd internet
Their financial crisis is of their own doing. Not our job to bail them out let's fix health care first.
Pretty sure Pres. Trump said that before and was taken totally out of context 
Time to help people survive!
And who's fault is the economic crisis? Liberals. Why is the infrastructure gone? Liberals.
And .@realDonaldTrump contributed to PR debt with 33M golf course bankruptcy. He should pay that back!
They were completely fiscally irresponsible. Self admitted How come you arent tweeting abt that.
What were you doing to help the economic problems before the hurricanes???
I'm sure like before, you will do absolutely nothing for #PuertoRico. #SwampPrincess #Fauxcahontas
with help from the archaic and outdated Jones Act that raised cost of all goods for Puerto Rico (US Virgin Islands & Hawaii) at least/avg 40% higher than mainland U.S.
Yes a economic crisis brought on by your party. DNC is a disgrace.
So why aren't you doing anything for Puerto Rico? The gov't is helping, the President is helping, why aren't you? Are you racist against PR?
because of people like trump who don't pay taxes and the exorbitant prices Puerto Ricans are forced to pay because of US laws
Wake up! You don't keep up w/real news do you? Only propaganda.
Trump doesn't handle as crisis. Unless it effects him or his money $$$
Your right about them already being in financial crisis before hurricane, they have been run by democrats.
Give them a school grant.   If they are of Indian herritage
No money..no generators, no evacuation plan. WTF did they think would happen in a Cat 5????
Maybe their Progressive politicians didn't prep for a CAT 5 storm like they should of. No trucks/drivers for supply distribution..no diesel.

Florida is stepping up to help. We'll be making room for many to come. Many colleges are offering in state tuition. K-12 students welcomed
Why didn’t you & Obama help them over the last 8 years? That is on you. The Dems failed. Wish we had the billions Obama gave to Iran.
And the biggest crisis to our country's image is a blowed up orange frog  lying about his response and greatness while fellow Americans die
Rebuild PR better so it can repay its debts.  Better for all!
So get your ass over there and fix it.  Or sit down and shut up.
Guess everyone who is posting get their news from  senator Warren! Or they are just Russian accounts that hasnt heard today's news! Idiots!!
Stop with the obvious. Be a leader. Take some affirmative action. Fix the situation. Trump only gives excuses. Don't fall into the same trap
Shame trump into covering his bankruptcy losses in PR. That will easy a bit of both their economic and humanitarian crisis.
And DJT owes them 33million for golf course he built, claimed bankruptcy after made 600 thousand profit! He needs to pay with his billions
The humanitarian crisis caused by Trump's delayed, insufficient response? PR is not FEMA's or military's first logistical nightmare.
You sound just like the pres! But how do you and the pres intend to avert this humanitarian crisis?
Please introduce a debt forgiveness motion to forgive Puerto Rico's debt.
So that the ruling elite never faces accountability? Bad idea.
But what is fucking them most now is the presidential crisis.
POTUS had relief people waiting before it was there. He's been great. Ask PR.
STOP TWEETING ABOUT IT AND DO SOMETHING! GET OFF UR ASS
Why is that? NOW you have a problem?
So how much did you donate
IMHO, an economic crisis IS a humanitarian crisis...with an economic crisis, you don't actually SEE the physical destruction of humanitarian crisis, but BOTH deprive ppl of basic human needs.
Both Florida & Texas have more debt individually. Why is puerto ricos always brought up?
Because we're brown! #PRStrong
Trump is ALL OVER IT!!
Please help our citizens!!!
If Trump paid him the 33 million he’s owes them it would be a good place to start.
Let's assume he pays them, what could they buy? Let them eat cake is more intelligent than your answer.
