Big business lobbyists R Main reason We can not get healthcare for all americans. Single Payer would shut the DOORS in their faces
We want Medicare4All @SenWarren. Put the american people 1st and NOT Special Interest. Start talking about expanding #MedicareForAll
All you want is Big Government and take our freedom away. You are Socialist headed for Communism. Praying for Gods continual intervention.
There R a lot of great nations that give healthcare to their people, we should be doing same.But Special Interest have to go2B successfully
Which nations is that. I only heard Social medicine. Don't Want That.
Here's a list for u of those country's providing universal healthcare. It can be done, and we must continue to push for it
No thanks Socialized medicine. We go to that we will become like the parents of Charlie Gard no say over our own body & family. Thx for Info
This is not socialized http://medicine.Google  it. This is Universal Healthcare, big difference research it. Helps to know the facts
I'm on your side Elizabeth. Give the republicans hell I do
Right speaking lobbyist , WHY DONT YOU TELL THE PEOPLE WHO YOU REALLY WORK FOR!!!You can bet it's some slimed LOBBYIST !!!!
Yet you endorsed Clinton and not Sanders. All talk, no walk. If tippydon't fight to #savenetneutrality we WILL unseat you as MA senator.


If you borrowed money pay it back! Socialist propaganda
Or threaten the banks that lent you the money to buy a casino by telling them to renegotiate payments or you'll file for bankruptcy again...
Arbitration is very technical and usually assumes a degree of sophistication among parties.
Democrats spent billions on a criminal for president? You didn't fight then Elisabeth Warren you America hating hack
Oh Elizabeth you need to pull your fake feathers out of your non Indian do
So what are YOU doing about it? Any actions? Or just the usual outrage! outrage, I'm telling you! What do you DO for the money we pay you?
Big business lobbyists spent millions to obtain Russian aid in securing the 2016 vote. Let's chat about that first.
Hey, the truth on this is out.  I recommend everyone order and read the book Extortion... they will know who the real crooks are then
And I am sure you and your buddies will profit highly of this.
How can those poor excuses for human being be so heartless ?
Yes or no @SenWarren, have you ever hired a lobbyist to represent you?  Honest question


Insincere grandstanding 

What businesses? Will you call for their boycott? Or accept their campaign "donations"?

#newsiesnight #mapoli
Yes, thank you, thank you very much.
Arbitration clauses are unConstitutional-- they deprive Americans of their day in court-- get out of jail cards for Wall Street criminals!
Fight and Lose
is this also to try and protect consumers from HR 985, what looks to be an effort to (simply) stop class action lawsuits from being filed?
Absolutely
C
Lobbyists have created the swamp that Trump promised to drain, except he's filled it to the banks
you don't want people who have been screwed over by banks not to get sued.
Please do me a favor, ask Senator Durbin about lobbyists and Washington.  He has familial ties.
That is why we love Trump.  He is not bought by Lobbyists!  You have to admit this is a big benefit going for him.
goofy  
https://youtu.be/yELV238wr-k?t=15m13s …
How about you try working together instead of your non stop whinning
Stop the corruption and filthy greed from this administration @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr pure thugs/mafia
Be nice if you could use other words besides "attack' and "fight" .. there are 1000s of better ways to get same point across !
@kindlee55 @CFPB @nytimes We need to outlaw lobbying.
It has destroyed our representative republic! Aka American democracy
How much money do you accept in donations from lobbyists? Don't lie. Every politician gets money from them.
Get a job! I'm sure it would be easy for you, being Cherokee and all. Make sure you check that minority box! #Gringo
If you want to be the next Charlie Gard vote single payer if you cost too much pull the plug
Yea they try to do away with the unions that way you loose benefits and don't have anyone to fight FYI @SenWarren
Fight for yourself, stop giving your money away. Unions aren't like the 60s. Ask steel and Auto workers who paid dues and now have no job.
?

Once again, its companies with large sums of money who basically rewrite laws. Where are the courts on this? Oh right, also on side of money
Big companies along with scum democrats rewrite laws to screw average Americans. Elisabeth Warren is just one fraud ,fake Indian Globalist
Big big bata boom
http://www.deadlinedetroit.com/articles/17843/lengel_34_5_million_in_funding_for_pistons_move_is_shameful#.WWPcMHNOkwh …
Like the hotel lobby paid you to go after Air B & B?
When every battle is against lobbying it's time for a revolution that brings a real democracy to the USA. .what you have is not democracy

That can be applied to "Socialism" "Communism" and any "ism" The ONLY way to combat this is for mankind to not be evil....so never I guess.
Thank you Senator Warren for working on behalf of the people and NOT Big Money.
Yea Big Government and money not people.
So you're not taking any of these lobbyists money 

I'm assuming
Those nasty big business lobbyists. Unlike wholesome senators who lie about being Indians to scam the system and get affirmative action
Your name is very apt.
Wondering if you'd call it this?
LIAR
U should know how much u collect
That's right! If a company does you wrong you should be able to take them to court.
ready.  We need to protect our rights against powerful corporations.
If it wasn't for big Corporations America would fail.  Can't make money just on small businesses.  It takes both and they have the money.
#Pocahontas speaks! Countering big business with big government! Great idea, the next step is socialism and serfdom!
