part 4) @JWaReesS @BFostersbox @PearlieMaeJones @bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @llstudent08 @frankandjannie @CParks777 @ReporterPhoenix @bcarrz
While President @BarackObama was pushing "HOPE" it looks like with TRUMP's repeals/poor ppl hating new policies/new plans/new bills/ & memos
part 2) are doing more for the wealthy & big corporations than for the middle class, working poor & unemployed poor. A look into the history
They should all die a horrible death Senator Warren
Another old hagjealous and spiteful to the core
#Sickening.
Trumpsters,  you should have asked "What does drain the swamp" mean?
"What does MAGA mean?
A few simple questions would have saved us all.
I'd like to know what era they're referring to when they say make America Great "Again". Was it the 1850's, 1950's?
I think 1950s overall, 'cept Pence. He's back in the 1850s.
Pence would have been hugely popular in 1850 though. Women would do as they were told!
@KamalaHarris Why didn't you deal with the Mnuchin monster when you had the chance?
I really hate the way they are always smiling, like doing evil is so darn fun!
hahaha demon!
Please. Just this once. #Warren2020? Please?
Elizabeth sweetie... your little confused again. You just described in great detail your friends the Clinton's.. !!!
You got richer by claiming to be Native American.  That Gross
"Morron"
You don't say...
Warren's net worth estimated at $14+ million. Who does she consider wealthy? You would think she rose from poverty. Do her supporters care?
While democrats get more wall street money than republicans. Why is that, fauxcahontas?
Because Wall Street is in New York & our congressional representatives are mainly Dems. Consider checking a map and/or google next time.
oh so Wall Street only cares about NYC?
Margot's obviously intellectually challenged.
and the ones (supporters) they screw over, cheer them on while they do it.
Why are you and Ellison and Bernie throwing shade on Obama for election defeat? Don't we have bigger fish to fry? Why the distraction?

This is like trump still having rallies. Maybe all three should start their own party. I'm sick of Bernie sanders and his worshipers.
Of course it would be embarrassing for you to reveal that you're one of the "rich guys." This kind if double speak turned me against Dems.
In a panic. Fit all high cost boxes: older, pre-existing condition. Sure I'm ok as long as I work, but would like to retire before I die
Talk about this instead of bashing the most popular democrat in the country then...
when the most popular democrat in the country takes money from big backs he is going to be criticized he knows it
Who ru talking abt? HRC tk $ frm thm, Bernie got all hz money grassroots, Obama hz the rt to earn a lvng l assur U hz spch to walstrt wz nt
Bernie Sanders is not a democrat he votes pro gun he is 75 years old back under your rock now trtoll
And telling poor people to trust them, because it's for their own good...
Do you realize Liz lives in $3.0 million home? Took $300K to teach one class while claiming NA heritage eliminated competition for job?
She earned a lot of her $$ - what made me LIVID was how she SHUNNED Bernie for her REAL buddy (hehe) HilLIARy and the "We hate Trump" song.
Bernie is not a democrat she backed the Democratic candidate idiot.
Are you not one of them?
Trumps been in office 100 days. How long have you been in? Does Trump get a paycheck? Are taxes leaned to tax the lower class or the rich?
Yep so WHY were YOU so hellbent on electing A$$#2?
YOU SOLD US OUT, Sen. Warren, and I sent YOU $$$!!
Done here.
You have this backward Elizabeth  The Liberals are manipulators taking advantage spreading diversity while they get rich..the Limo Liberals
This just isn't fair, and fair should count. Thanks Sen Warren for standing up for us. Jay
Monsters all of them!!
Mnuchin, Ryan, Chaffetz, McConnell-.ARE gross, if we keep focus, we may make them pay in 2018. Town halls show us Americans dont like this.
@MAHAMOSA @clusterstock anyone who DIDNT see this coming is either blind or dumb
Makes me sick...and rageful
Like Obama - $400k for a speech. Can you believe it?  /sarc/
Pathological greed! Is it a game; whoever dies with the most money wins? Despicable!
This is what it's all about. SMH
Warren.....get a life you "pompous Ivy league I know more than average Americans"..... you're a waist of space..
Agree!
In Canada and wondering if I should start buying canned goods....#frummpyTrummmpy
Critiquing President Obama is not an agreeable thing to do now @SenWarren! Might just dishearten Dems. We need a united front going forward
That's every day politics...including you and @SenSanders
The Munchkin is as disgusting as his boss! 
#corrupt jerk
So basically the trump crap administration is taking its political and governing cues from Putin?? We are screwed!! What can we do ???
List of Dictators Trump has praised: 
Vladimir Putin
Kim Jong Un
Rodrigo Duterte
Recep Tayyip Erdogan 
Did we miss anyone? #Veterans #Law
Ok
Pleeeeease! Stop treating people like idiots. Both parties are corrupt to the core. Skip the 'good cop, bad cop' routine.
Those rich guys should watch their backs. Trump isn't satisfied until he has all the money.
So, now you're a rich guy?
Once you were an Idian woman.
#Disgrace #fauxcahontas #Pocahontas
Obummer is making all his money now for the poor isnt he ?? Or wait maybe he will buy u a house like Killary did for Bernie...comical..
Gross? I wouldn't look in a mirror if I were you.
@nickshaxson Tell people to sell their stocks!! All unearned income is immoral. The followers are as bad as the leaders.
Stay on the Russian meddling investigation so that these clowns don't skate.  Delusional Don and his clan must pay.
Senator this time I won't put any more pictures of them in my wall ! You keep on fighting
like  Hillary Clinton, DWS, Donna Brazile, John Podesta Robby Mook and the corrrupt DNC  which cheated Bernie and stole over 200 Million?
This man has got to go with the rest. Start a list of every little investment and real estate that this POTUS owns. Others have.
Thanks, Pocahontas who charges $300,000+ for a 1-hour speech.
But keep speaking.. cuz every time you do, you solidify 8 years.
Where's the "Unlike" button? 
@ManMadeMoon @clusterstock No, GROSS is claiming to be a Native American for free tuition we're paying ours back for years #Fraud
American Democratic Oligarchy reality show.  Interesting times curse?
Thats t "pot calling the kettle black"What are you worth? Now tell me how did you make so much money just being a politician?Such hypocrites
@SenWarren don't spit on the hand that feeds you.
Taking cues from the fake President-let me be the 1st to congratulate...myself!
And the poor get poorer!!!
Gross is the right word.
Ur not exactly poor urself.
Uh, that's *ALL* of Corporate America leadership in a nutshell. :-(
You are also one of the rich .get over it and come up with a plan
And paying Obama $400,000 for a hour speech! That's GROSS Pocahontas!
Your not rich are you . At least you don't want people to think you are .
That's the Clinton Foundation business model...Hillary making Bill richer and him patting a another woman on the backside
Wonder what he'll say when stocks take a dive. Will that be his doing, too?
That guys a real jerk too
@GOP How great would it be if you enact bills that are fair & just for ALL of US? You would be heros in our eyes instead of greedy bastards!
Donald Trump impeachment a 'real and growing possibility', says former US labor secretary
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @VP @SpeakerRyan @RepMcClintock @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @POTUS How about being fair & equitable for ALL Americans?
Mnuchin sold his soul so that he could make a buck. Disgusting.
I've called them Republicans based on your description!!! 
Didn't you vote to confirm him?
Why did you back Hillary as opposed to Sanders if you feel so strongly about this?
A ton of rich guys fund your campaigns.  Why sit in your TeePee and cast arrows?  #hypocrite
You are obsessed with Trump. Get over it and yourself. Do your job - which is not to attacke trump and rant and rave every 3 seconds!
Attack
Ah what's wrong Pocahontas you didn't get invited to the gig.
This from a woman who control millions of dollars in real estate holdings.
Every single thing they do will be to benefit themselves first and foremost. PERIOD. #conflictofintrest #Corruption
So disgusting!!!!
Make me gag.   Where is the man of the poor fools who voted for @&$)-:#^?
I like that she says gross.  Almost like there is a fox news thing going on behind the scenes.  Sad.
Both parties are guilty of this.
The wicked shall be cut down,if you are not wicked,this does not apply to you
The wicked shall be cut down
@Potus @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump Couldn't Care Less About The Other 99 Percent !!!
Twitter needs a middle finger option
This guy @stevenmnuchin1. His pic is in the dictionary under sleezeball.
pls. run for prez in 2020!!!
A President for ALL Americans.  Hahahahahahaha.



Correction, the millionaire shitbag who falsely claimed to be Native American in order to secure some nice affirmative action. Pocahontas
Says the millionaire shitbag. How's that top 1% privilege doing?
I would support it (a little) if anyone who is NOT rich would really benefit from it
@DonCheadle  
I'd say it's more of a circle jerk than "patting themselves on the back," but you're much more diplomatic than I :)

And so @senwarren is the democrats insisting taxpayers fund their socialist ideas.
Yes he wants them to thank him and compensate he for destroying middle/working class people. And they will large bank fees #hefilledtheswamp
And I thank you so much for your crooked foreclosure scamming, you are truly a great American as-h---.
When The Country is at The Highest Risk-Where is the INTELLECT on This Mans MENTAL Deterioration? Get Him NOW Evaluated by Real Doctors !
The republican president is a serious threat to our nation. When is he going to be gone!?
We Talk about "Mental ILLNESS" all the Time but when it Cones to the Pres, He's IMMUNE? Ivanka Knew Her Father was SICK! This is Not Funny!
Sen.Warren- There's A Much Bigger Issue- Trump is Unfit 4Many Reasons, but the REAL ISSUE-His 2015 Diagnosis-Dementia/ Alzheimers! No Joke!
A contemptible slimebag who fits right in with the gang at the top of our Plutocracy.
B.S. stop being an obstructionist Warren.
YES ITs Disgusting & All the Ppl Trump has Put into Positions are the Sleazy Ppl We Strive to Lock Up opposed 2Running the Gov? All Wrong !
It's not nearly as bad as you and your FAKE NEWS snowflakes rising to give themselves applause at the whc dinner! How's it going pocahontus?
#Warren2020, just throwing that out there
How Sad
Thank you for standing up for what's right Senator Warren!!!
Sounds to me like someone feeling left out because she's not getting her fair share.
And your excuse is what exactly
STOP THE HYSTERIA AND LIES! With deductions taken away, the wealthy may actually end up paying more.
Why can't we nullify the election?
So Ms. Warren, what's happened to the US stock market has no bearing on your financial situation?
Wow!  I think he forgot he was going drain the swamp not build a swamp.  This guy is a disgrace!
All despicable takers.  When is enough $$ enough?  They all have more than they can spend in multiple lifetimes and yet they want more!!!
Apes & monkeys throw their feces at people viewing them at the zoo. This is what trump & his gibbon appointees are doing to America!
Y u complaining? U r part of the system, getting richer!!!u know?
That's disgusting. The rich get richer while so many children are starving.
Is anyone else concerned that this message took the form of a Trump tweet?  Sad.  (And now I just did it.)
@DannyZuker  The foreclosure king is exactly the one we need to listen to as they all make each other richer at our expense
Keep resisting… You are my hero
how much are u worth? U are not middle class!
Kinda like u do with ur Buddys in the senate
You mean like rich guys like goldman sachs making rich obama richer. Thank you for clarifying Indian. I get it now!
SMH.
And what's YOUR net worth! I heard an average of $8.5 million,but that does include your house valued at $1.9 million. Seems you're rich too
it is gross. I am really disgusted that this is allowed. We must stop this.
Your administration stinks. PU
It is time for all Americans to teach Trump the ABC and Ds - AMERICANS BELIEVE IN CONSTITUTION & DEMOCRACY time to remove the cancer from WH
AMEN!! Well said!!!
Like your not making a  comfortable living, nice salary, raises which you vote on, free health care 4 month paid vacation, book deals  etc..
You're one of the rich too. Gross. #Pocahontas
Isn't it nice to sit in the castle and laugh and laugh? That's what King Louis and Antoinette thought too... the peasants will revolt!
#TermLimits for Warren
Mrs. Warren please think a little before you spout off at the mouth like a 1 year old child with no knowledge how things work!
Hey Pocahontas
Funny, more rich got richer when Nobama was in office. How many employees will there be without any businesses?
Puke
like Barack Obama you say? aaaaaahhhh i see... yeah... makes PERFECT sense #facepalm
And tottering on the edge of an ethics violation cliff.
It is okay to be or become wealthy but not on backs of others & not by treating others with disdain!
Where was your outrage over @HillaryClinton getting enormous speaking fees when she was running for president? What a hypocrite you are.
better to make rich guys richer than make government richer, first creates jobs second destroys jobs
$400k a speech plus $68million His & Her Book Deal for BO&Moochy. All of your NET WORTHS SKYROCKET INTO 10s/millions once in the gov door...
Draining the Swamp. Riiiiiiiiight.
Just add one word and it becomes clear. America First Percentage
How many homes do you own Warren?  Hypocrites
And the DNC selling their voters out.  Gross as well.
Band of crooks
Asswipe, Be Gone!!!
You are a fake, guess what you are rich and have taken advantage of the little guy to get where you are today.
Just listen to this man what a weasel!
What an evil man , surrounded by others likes him.They will probably end up causing a huge crash.Crashes are always good for extremists.
