The majority of what planned parenthood does is abortions, so,  is it basic health care or killing babies?
They are an abortion factory. Offering pill or knife services only. You should be ashamed.
Let's see contraception ,abortion up to the age of 7 ,sell the parts , what point does a baby have a right. Abortion is not birth control
Liz, explain to me why I should be responsible for paying for other people's abortions.
It's not the government's job to support Planned Parenthood or birth control nonetheless.
6,803,762 babies killed by Planned Parenthood since 1926.  Genocide in fact. Black children aborted 3 times the rate of white children.
R
Medical care is one thing killing babies are another.
Nasty women need to stick together. Thanks so much for standing up for all of us.
900 babies slaughtered every day, Betty. Their blood is stuck to your hands.
Do you get healthcare from Planned Parrnthood?  Neither do we.
Like killing millions of babies? Its genocide
I'm so shameful  all together scaramucci is an other bulgar dirty mouthed like trump is WHO he think he is !!!
Killing babies is as American as apple pie, right Pocahontas?
When has abortion become a basic medical care?  It's the main focus of PP, stop drinking their campaign contribution Kool-ade
They don't 'provide 'basic access to health care'.  They provide abortions.  Period.  With taxpayers money.
I can't give people near me the name of my obgyn they do everything pp does plus they do all the things people claim pp does but doesn't.
If basic medical care is covered under ACA, why does the federal government need to further fund Planned Parenthood??
It's time we stand up and do something!   Don't just sit there...call your senator tell them no!
And HIV testing! Didn't Trumpy talk about the value of HIV testing?
BS
So you are for murdering babies, shame on you fake!!!
#abortion is NOT HealthCare. it is an act of MURDER .
FETUSES,  DUMMY, GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT!  GOP, give it up....it is not 2 thousand + years ago. WAKE UP...ARE YOU WITH FETUS. MYOB
Neither  have  I  Tamara J Young.
An eye for an eye a tooth  for a tooth. Vote for me and I will set you free.(Song )Marvin Gaye
Okay calling all women let take it to the streets.  Let's Go!
WORD! Rap on brother rap on.
The war is about to begin.
It's pretty disgusting all the lazy ass women who use abortion as birth control. I don't want my hard earned money paying for killing babies
Why don't u offer permanent birth control operations and take the life long stigma of having killed your baby off the table?
Planned Parenthood was offered full funding for health care for women if they would stop killing babies and selling the parts. THEY SAID NO!
You mean basic access to abortions, don't you.
The question is, do you believe the things you say? Because I think you need to get checked out by a professional
Planned Parenthood doesn't provide basic Medical Care and it will be defunded Elizabeth just like the American Native you defunded
I'm confused?  Does the ACA not offer women access to basic medical care?

Saw a pumper sticker the other day "I am a child, not a choice. Anybody who fights to kill our babies may God have mercy on their soul.
Please make sure to let All senators know NOT to vote for that scam "skinny bill". Just another way to repeal our medical insurance!
Do you find the baby butcher shop. Seller of human body parts
And we will join you, Senator Warren!
Yes, women will be stripped of their basic medical care.  Do you ever try to tell the truth?  You're a Indian version of Hillary.
Please don't.

If that's all PP did, I would stand with you, but you know full well they also murder babies in the womb and then sell the parts for profit
Hey Fauxhontas....why can't you get a mammogram at Planned Parenthood?
Believe as you wish about Planned Parenthood, but why should it be funded out of the public purse?  It makes no sense to me.
U whine a lot.... Why don't you advocate WORKING TOGETHER -   I'm sure you have special interests as well.....
You forget about killing children chopping up the corpse and selling it off.. those services shouldn't get federal $$'s
Thank you Senator Warren
All people in this country ca get basic metical care, I know because I'm paying for it.
Yea, because the baby parts wholesaler is the only place women can get healthcare. not at hospitals, clinics, Dr. office, just PP STHU fraud
https://youtu.be/ZDHyy9yCerg 
https://youtu.be/6KnLSN_5loE 
https://youtu.be/0PUFJwiHlJM 
They could get jobs or better jobs.   Tired of paying for every sad story.
Is planned parenthood the only place women can go for basic medical care?  How have I lived this long without "Planned Fatherhood" for mine?
Baby killer
Why is Viagra covered and acceptable treatment, and basic Pap smears and STD screening are frowned upon?
Keep up the fight senator!!
Of course you won't. You (Govt.) gives them $500M. And they give part of it back to your Campaigns.Crooks don't get rid of their Slush Fund
What basic medical care are we talking about here?  The only thing they really do is pregnancy test and kill babies...outsource all others
Please do, PLEASE. Cornyn apparently saying it's going to pass tonight. PLEASE FIND A WAY TO STOP IT. @SenMarkey you too.
Classic lie/misinformation. PP seems to have TONS, MILLIONS to spare donating to failed candidates. How many woman suffered from this waste
@SenateDems So will many of us who believe life begins at conception & that Planned Parenthood is killing babies.
PP does not provide medical services. Why should I be forced to pay for abortion services? Amoral you.
You DEMS ARE LYING!! You have NO IDEA WHATS IN THE BILL!! NO OBAMACARE!! You want to work w/Repubs you didn't vote!!
My god you are a wonderful bullshitter
Why are you so "married" to ObamaCare; none of what was promised by POTUS ever happened for consumers so why defend it? Where is your head?
Sure hope we see your name on the 2020 election.u and Bernie can fix this country..DO It
you better bc that is what us Americans want....
Congratulations senator Elisabeth warren for Obama care
Obama care should have covered all this care,or is that a lie #worktogether
Planned Parenthood is all about abortion not medical care for women. Your lies place you in same evil category Ms. Liz.
Do you're fighting for a right to kill baby's? So heartless. There are programs in place for women to give their babies up instead of...
murdering them in cold blood out of selfishness. This ideal alone is completely against liberals "tolerance". Where are the babies rights...
PP-"only 3% of funds go to abortion." Congress - "ok, stop abortion and keep 97% of funding."  PP - "no."  Sums it up from a logical sense.
Basically killers
Women take the pill there body no longer temple of love now temple of death. If you don't care about a living life what do you care about?!

Thank you @SenWarren for being there yesterday and thank you for standing with us everyday! 
@SenateGOP The silent majority wants Planned Parenthood defunded! Taxpayer money should not be used to fund murder.  @realDonaldTrump
Pro-life branding needs to be undone, Mostly, it's just anti-abortion.
Praying for you and all Dems who are fighting for us Americans! Stay strong! God bless you for furthering His agenda of loving and caring.
Planned Parenthood does not provide medical care. They only murder babies
Why do Democrats want to murder the unborn?
I can tell you that every baby you allow to be aborted will be screaming in your ear for eternity.
So abortion is basic medical care? Women can get healthcare in plenty of other places
Plan parent hood is for abortions not pre natal care please move to California now Massachusetts doesn't want u anymore
Elizabeth Planned Parenthood does not supply the regular Healthcare come on
You all need to learn from other countries who seem to manage a universal healthcare with no problem. Like England and France for example.
They're in the business of abortions Senator, get it? oh yeah, I remember. as my Senator, you're not concerned
God Bless the Non RINO GOP members who will support passing this bill.
I set up a sustaining donation to PP. Every man should.
Kill those babies!
I'm Elizabeth Warren and I'm running for President.
Abortion is murder !!
#WeWillPersist  #ShePersisted #Resist
If Liz gave a crap beyond talking points and donors she would tell people about the thousands other clinics we fund that provide real care.
Thank you for being pono (Hawaiian for upstanding and righteous, ask Mazie and Brian, they are good people.)
If a person doesn't believe in governing and government, they shouldn't run for office. PLEASE.
...please become an Independent Elizabeth Warren.
...the Independent (progressive moderates) need you to help take this nation back +++
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
Many clinics have basic women's care, no more bs! PP kills babies for money!
Tax dollars don't by bullets for my firearms, why should tax dollars pay for abortion clinics.

Every attack on ACA by GOP Senate leaders needs to be defeated now! They are all set up to allow stealthy back room repeal by GOP traitors!
We need you to fight back in 2020 the first woman president of these United States
You mean you won't support the end of a program that sterilizes black people so you can control their voting .
Warren/Duckworth 2020.  With all this energy, how can they lose? #veryqualified #DumpTrump #respected   Let's start planning now. #dontquit
are you concerned about the country or just special interest groups?
Yes
It's amazing how everyone who is pro-abortion, survived birth and weren't aborted. Complete nonsense from pocahontas
Hey genius that's not the only place women get basic care.
So, Liz - you'll be voting 'Yes' on the Daines #singlepayer amendment tomorrow, right?
@SenWarren my obgyn does more than any PP office....and she doesn't get govt funding (she donates a lot less to the DNC though)
So one day you're shouting for children, and one day you're shouting for killing children. Make up your mind.
What's basic medical care? Aborting a fetus because that's all PP does.
You stand up for them against the most innocents on earth,  you truly deserve to be thrown out of office.
Planned Parenthood the fetus baby killers..
Planned Parenthood doesn't really plan parenthood. It mostly... i said MOSTLY... Erases parenthood that wasnt planned. #BABYMURDERERS
Go away @SenWarren.
Female care is covered by Medicaid!And taxpayers don't want to pay one cent toward covering abortions.Libs can donate if they want to.
the fact planet parenthood can spend 700k in election as non-profit makes them a lobbyists. abusing abortion surgery for recreation sex=bad
medical/insurance never care for people but profit.for every   illegals/refugee they either abuse subsides/hike up costs/dilute citizen care
Keep fighting the good fight Senator!!!
Yes, resist.... resist. Bahahaha
Why not admit the only reason democrats like yourself support PP is because it kills so many black babies keeping  black population at bay.
Tell us how much kickback you get from planned parenthood for baby parts that are sold.
Despicable democrats. Very sad.
Since when is killing a baby because you don't want to deal with the consequences of your irresponsible decisions considered "medical care"?
Yeah we know you and the rest of your communist party love and enjoy murdering babies
Lies
BET
With all the birth control & the morning after pill.  Why so willing to keep killing babies?
Are you sure that abortions are necessary to keep women healthy? Perhaps we should make them mandatory with penalties for refusal.
Not true, you don't control.PP is a non profit private organization. Let Soros contribute millions to women's healthcare vs political smears
Pocahontas!!!
An abortion isn't "basic medical care." It's an elective procedure to cover reckless personal behavior & an inability to figure out a condom
that's demagoguery. shameless demagoguery.
demagogue.
you know its not going to pass...but you're using foregone conclusion as a rally point, you already know the outcome.
You DAM RIGHT
You all act like you stopped something and you know you didn't, it was a few republicans that fell on the sword. And they will regret it.
Defunding an abortion clinic will not strip access to basic Healthcare for women, it will save tax dollars from going to abortion clinic
Will you fight for unborn children?  Will you fight for the right for the right of a child? Will you fight for the right to breathe?
No because babies can't vote, her base runs on the whole women's  rights garbage. She ignores the millions of women who are prolife.
I agree. @SenWarren is the most irrational thinking person in politics ...except for Nancy Pelosy, she's just flat crazy.
Don't leave out Maxine "James Brown" Waters.
@D_703FairfaxVA @SenateGOP make the American people pay through taxes for baby killings??!! Sorry that's not American
women have access to medical care via their doctors IF u assume that everyone will have ins under the aca so PP is just really for abortions
Keep up the great fight. A HUGE MAJORITY OF THE COUNTRY is with you.
Keep fighting the good fight Senator.
TOO BAD TRUMP'S MOTHER DIDN'T HAVE THAT AVAILABLE!
What % of P.P.'s total budget is spent on abortions ?
Margaret Sanger founder of PP for the sole purpose of controlling blacks "weeds" she said. Eugenics the control of undesirable population.
Any organization that donates $34M to Hillary's election campaign doesn't require taxpayer funds.....
Footage of Elizabeth Warren at a poetry slam!!
Medical care? That is a joke! Access to MURDERING BABIES!
Getting some good feed back on this one Liz. I think just about everyone sees how evil you are. Stay in Maine where u are 
Murder permitted under law of roe vs wade is not healthcare. Slavery was once legal, you should know. Dems are still the party of slavery.
Take it easy Pocahontas, just take it easy.
Selling body parts, killing millions of babies? I kinda hope I'm up there when St. Peter greats you so I can hear your reply on this issue.
Like you did in the Dakota's you belong in jail Pokey
The Democrat slogan should be "Democrats, killing babies since 1973"
Thank you!
Abortions aren't basic medical care, it's murder!
I won't have access to medical care?  This is egregious! 
They can always get their free medical care in the ER
No just go see a real Dr, not from an abortion mill. Over 300k abortions yr, yet claim no tax money pays for them, who pays then?
