looks like a bigger crowd than at Trumpski's rally in Phoenix.
Sure.
from the photos I've seen, the podium is much different & the people standing right in back of him wearing different clothing.
Both Trump rally's, so why doesn't it matter?
Plus reporters noticed an exodus at some point & others more interested in looking at Facebook than listening to his nastiness.
Again, can you provide any proof of these claims, or just more #FakeNews? I would understand, as that is all Liberals watch.
Wow. You sound so intelligent.
I am. I'm not a Liberal, which helps. Thank you.
Impressive @SenWarren. 13,900 more and you'll be up to the levels of a @POTUS rally. Best of luck!
Presidents shouldn't have rallies, they are supposed to be the president.
WOW, I hope all "2" of your followers don't actually believe your BS. Would be devastating to our cause. #MAGA
I'd rather have two decent followers than 100000
Trump supporters.  It's just Twitter, lol.
Oh really? You mean the social media platform that helped Trump get elected? That's why you're party will never win again. #LibtardLogic
Oh my god, I can't stop laughing
I'm sure you're 2 followers are falling off the couches too. Why is it all #LibTard accounts have less than 100 followers? Very interesting.
Who cares?  It's social media.  And I'm sure your numbers are as accurate as Trumps rally attendance numbers.  Lol.
@realdonaldtrump for the fifth time, more people attended this town hall than your inauguration.  Sad to know you have a small following.
Sure. #PhoenixRally
Yep.
So, it must make you feel better spreading fake news? You should join @CNN or @MSNBC, I hear they are looking for lawless soles to take.
Cool. Great come back "45". Best part, Trump is your President. Must hurt so bad. Thank goodness you still live with you Mom. #RunHome
More people than 45 Rally in AZ!!! 
Wish I could have been there 
Thanks for holding a Town Hall!  I don't live in your area, but appreciate those of you who have respect for their constituents!
Please help us repeal-and-replace Donald Trump, Warren for president
LOL, classic #LibtardMath. #PhoenixRally
You sure love this rally honey. Did you send the picture to all your friends too? You seem so proud.
Very proud. Nothing like owning the House, the Senate and the White House. God is GREAT! So. Much. Winning. #MAGA
U know there one thing that's certain.Gays an lesbians die off they can't produce God loving Trump supporters live forever we make babies
We can pray for him. He needs a good prayer it seems. 
U go Mrs. Warren,
more people are leaving your town halls saying what the hell was that all about a whining session? Keep up the good work Warren!
1100 misguided people . Pastor Jim Jones jammed 1100 into Jonestown See what happened Good number Warren
PRES Trump can being 7 8 times more than that. You are even close to have bragging rights
It was at a middle school not a convention center. And she didn't have to pay POC to show up.
Who would pay to see a lair and someone who is not honorable.
Terry, along with your spelling your reading comprehension needs some work. No one said anything about paying. It's a town hall
Not everyone can be as perfect as you think you are. Probably spoiled brat still living at home with mommy
Just a narassistic jerk
Yes trump is. Glad we can agree on something.
Wow. GREAT turnout.
They like to see the next Dem loser
Looks like you blue them all away!
make plan to oust 45 and accomplish it...otherwise why should I vote democrat again?
Wow, look its a COMMIE coming out party!!
Single payer.  Be a pioneer for change, not the same as usual
Definitely looks more like 15000. If he can do it so can we.
Soros paid them hahahaha
That's just called a mandatory school assembly.
Wow, you really packed them in. Did you promise them more free stuff to get them to sit through one of your ghastly speeches again?
So these pictures are from 2 different locations. Maybe about 110 people in each picture. Math is hard, huh?
Stop draining our economy by trying to police the world. Help our veterans by transitioning a year out from discharge.
Love you Elizabeth Warren!
You are an evil woman
That's about 12,000 in Trump math.
Yep, because it's not like @SenWarren has ever lied about anything, right???
anybody that can get out and drive to your town hall meeting to listen to you whine about Trump and everything else is beyond me
Wow, back in Massachusetts, it's been a while
Luckily the Republicans didnt send paid operatives to disrupt
1100 idiots yes
Did anybody ask you why did you stab Bernie in the back? #DemExit #PseudoProgressive #BernieWouldHaveWon
Wow you had 1100 people I hope u get that many votes
Were they drugged and dragged in?? Maybe they were dupped into believing a real Senator was there.
This is what a packed room looks like
More like this. #PhoenixRally
Its so funny how these people think 800 is more them what our President has at his rally's. It crack me up
How many were antifa or were paid to come
So nice to see a Senator that isn't dodging town halls.
cool story, egg
Twice as many as Trump's 90 Minutes Hate in AZ!
You mean 90 minutes of truth that you don't want to hear. Someone to stand up against the establishment like Warren Schumer Waters Pelosi
The SCROTUS mentioned himself 250+ times in 90 minutes. Missing sailors? NOT ONCE.
Missing sailors mentioned several times after incident. Pretty brave crowd coming out to risk having urine thrown on them or clubbed by a
Bunch of Thugs who won't let sane people use their first amendment rights. Don't worry the silent majority will be at the ballot box in 2018

Peddling your communist agenda?
That is 1000 more than Trumps hate rally
Squaw Running Mouth at it again!
Now it is 1100, while ago it was 1,500!  crowds shrinking! Tell them Trump is there and Soros will pay them to attend!
15k + at President Trump's rally! Y'all idiots keep trying! Lmao
Gee wow ..That was including 500 11/12 yr old students  You GO Girl
ARE YOU TOTALLY WACKED ??
Unlike Trump you can actually say you had a packed house. #LiarInChief #ImpeachTrump
Why
Wow 1100? 150 MSM, 150 employees, 250 invited financial supporters, 200 brainwashed kids & 350 on federal aid! Loser! MAGA POTUS TRUMP!
And they all want stuff for free.
hey Pocahontas,their all women at the meeting!Women who let complete strangers raise their kids! Cannt cook, clean, satisfied man
Watched you on c span today. About the hearing aids...FANTASTIC WORK. THANK YOU
What u do pay the  faculty of the school system to show up.
#voteherout
Again fake news today I'll give her about 150 people there. She's only about 20,000 people short of a Trump rally LMAO
Everyone has right to their opinion and choice of politicians but anyone with common sense has to see through Warren's phoniness. HRC like!!
Thank you for being an awesome public servant!  Can we clone you?
Kid Rock is going to swipe your lying ass in the upcoming elections
Someone needs to show this picture to Trump so he will know the difference of what a true crowed room looks like
Rather sit on a wasp nest than listen to sitting squaw.  Wait can I say wasp or is that racist !
I guess they liked the free donuts and coffee you supplied !
Wish I could have been there!
And no one showed up for Once on This Island
You'll never be President! Lying about Native American heritage I believe is much worse than HRC's e-mail scandal.
Lol
Brag when you get over 10,000 like Trump
They came in hopes of your resignation

And what wonderful words of wisdom did you say?
19,000 + for Trump on Tuesday.  Are you still claiming to be Native American?
wish I could have attended THIS or any other.  THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR WOK & CARING!!!
Good on your 1100...we beat that in seconds....
Proud of you! My senator @marcorubio refuses to face his constituents...even on FB??? #LeadFolloworGetOutofTheWay
If you were trump, you'd say it was 11,000!!! Thank god for your honesty Senator. It is always good to know I favor such good souls!
They all wanted to see what a fake Indian looks like. Congratulations on making it to the third branch down from the top of the goofy tree.
1100?! Wow! That is unimpressive. Thanks for sharing how few attend your pow wows.
The amount of white privilege in this picture says it all
I'd have been # 1101 if you would only come to Seattle. Respect for you continues to grow.
Oh wow Warren 1100! POTUS gets 15,000+ !
Duped people.
Surprised anyone would be interested!
sure it was 1100 or are you trumping us
Great work
Sure... you are inflating the numbers so that you appear more popular than you are... your policies are stale and your popularity sinking...
@SenTomCotton only feels comfortable in front of highschoolers. So no town hall for actual voters. @JohnBoozman is equally afraid. #Resist
Where are your town meetings Senator Heller?
Trump will not support you
He and Clark County Republicans will support Tarkainian in primary
what for....listen to the babbler.....babble on about falsehoods...
You should have said 11,000. You would get more press 
Of Course YOU have something the #FakePresident does not have INTEGRITY
Surprised she can count that high!
I guess your demographic are people so old, they're almost dead. I'd say get their votes now, but you'll get their deceased votes too.
1100 thats your entire base. They gonna screw yoy just like Bernie.
Commy...
Why 1100 people? Dimm's giving free stuff from @SenWarren
Did you get to spew more "HATE", like you normally do?
When are you retiring?
I can't believe that Elizabeth Warren would get anybody to see her unless of course they were all Native Americans
Why is anyone even paying attention to someone called the republican. Not worth your time
We the people have had it!  What happened to being honest and good?   Thanks @SenWarren  for fighting for us, we need more like you!
Taking down statues, censorship of free speech, book burnings next. Democrats-New Age Socialists. Moderate liberals should open their eyes.
Yep stick to schools because stadiums is for the big boys
Since it was a national socialist Democratic party event about YOU. Did the people get paid!??! 
You really showed her with this roast from your private account
.T To End Overtime Pay Rule For Workers - how are you liking the poor and the Trump supporters?
Trump To End Overtime Pay Rule For Workers - how are you liking that poor Trump supporters? http://news.groopspeak.com/trump-to-end-overtime-pay-rule-for-workers-2/ …
Holy shit, they're all white! Are you a racist
A whole 1100. I guess when you choose such a small venue it's not hard to look like you're a draw.
Indian turd communist sympathizer
They don't want their EBT cards taken away
ENJOY. Time is short. 
I think it's amazing when they show the crowds and #'s at town hall meetings of some. but, not the real #'s at a @realDonaldTrump rally.
Big deal POTUS gets 11 thousand!
That God may protect us.
Don't see much diversity in this little crowd. No Native Americans, African Americans, Mexican Americans?? Just ur elite white constituents.
There all her commie followers.
Old Man Mitchell heard you paid for all the attendees at $25/hr

How jammed into the Arizona arena 20K you loose again
How much did that cost your billionaire donors? They do pay better than your minimum wage right? Is that Soros funded?
This is what democracy looks like!
It would be nice if @SenRonJohnson would do town halls like this
Senator what will say when you stand before god, about your support for the murdering of babies he created, while still in the womb?
Yea wanting you to step down out of office.
remember, ego can get the best of anyone.  Don't fall in love with the sound of your own voice.  Or too late?
yap yap yap all you do.  Doesn't your jaw hurt?
I am starting to lean dem, but stupid people like you and old man Bernie keep pushing me back Rep.
Loved being with you @SenWarren. You are fighting with us and for us! 
Paid survey

http://www.marketagent.com/f.asp?RefUID=455869 …

http://www.clixsense.com/?8172285 
If it were Trump talking he would claim 11 million and reuse that Cav parade picture.
Liz. You forgot to count the masses that were there opposing you?. But hell, as long as you are happy. (yes we read the news from all sites)
Great. Impeach and remove Trump. Please.
I looked at every picture. Everyone was white. 
Diversity at work. 
Vote Democrat, the party of working minority voters.
If you think we're all there for you.. you are wrong.
No doubt the Women of the Teachers Union will be Paying it back with your Money Laundering operation
Looking forward to seeing you later today in #ConcordMa
Ms. Warren you are a great American who makes me proud, thank you for all that you do.
Lookin' rad, kid!
Liz, did you tell the crowd you were sponsoring a term limits bill?

That's more than a Hillary Clinton rally!
That's a 11,000 in Trump math.
I was there! Thank you for answering questions, sharing stories and giving us renewed strength to keep fighting. #shepersists
#nastywoman
Wow 1100 huh. Thats unbelievable. Trump can fill stadiums.
Oh come on...that crowd is "at least" as big as Trump's crowd of 15,000 in Phoenix!
Or, as Trump would say, 70,000 people! Lol.
Dear Senator: I admire your intellect and enthusiasm for social justice. When will you break away from the establishment and join Bernie?
Thank you for being so present!
Great job Senator keep up the good work
That's almost as many as actually showed up for DT rally!
Thanks 4 conducting town hall meetings and getting the Dem message out. All Dem Congress personnel should b doing same.
Is that her tribe?
Wish you represented Nebraska. Maybe the next election you will. Be safe

Poke a hontass
There you  Senator Warren, God bless you.
Wow!!! You got a larger crowd than the inauguration
bet there wasn't one person not on a public payroll there
Trump has crowd envy
Those cheekbones!
Pocahontas they want to smoke peace pipe.
How much did you pay them?
Thank you for all that you do
I wish you were my senator. You're a million times better than mine (Cruz).
