
Uh-oh.  The truth is now Spaming.  You're a Moonbat @jogmonovich
uh oh! Somone is a yellow snowflake!
uh oh! Triggered yellow snowflake!
Get trumps tax returns. Prove he has been colluding with the Russians! #RussianPuppet #LOCKHIMUP
@DonTee60625722 @SenWarren @exxonmobil someone say russia???
that's funny. Who's under investigation again. TRUMP OR CLINTON? #lockhimup
both dummy(;
Clinton isn't! Trump is!
ah,ok.
Clinton commited no crime yeah?
Clinton is not a criminal.
ha....haha........
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
thanks i really needed that.(:
.@SenWarren Is it okay to lie, under oath, to a Senate committee?
Ask your past nominee that question.
#ThursdayThoughts #Boomers #IRS #Veterans #Law Chaos & Distractions = Profit OVER People https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
idk what hearing you watched but he was hard on Russia and he said he never personally lobbied, not all of Exxon
.
We 99%ers can't let them get away with what they are about to do.

We 99%ers must fight TRUMP.
Aleppo
keep drinking pochy
please resign, you are being petty and vindictive and not looking out for what is best for ALL the American people. Just yourself
Actually he had a great days. Dems looked embarrassingly stupid and childish. #moronicelitist
It's about time you worked doing something in the Senate and get off Trump and his cabinet.
Rather have Putin as a Pal than your Nazi Dictator Communist Loving Buddy #SOROS Seriously Warren your a TOTAL Boston Embarrassment!
hasn't the current administration been doing their part to screw up Syria just like the Russians?
Lizzy you Tweet crap and have few followers You were dismissed by Hillary Now we the people laugh at you and dismiss you
you lost and thank goodness, you are so rude and ugly now I can only imagine how horrible you would be if anyone was listening.
/ you are a racist going against a black man for a cabinet position
What about Trump lying saying he was NOT briefed on Dossier during his briefing? When Clapper confirmed he DID?
> @SenWarren @exxonmobil 

.

𝐇𝐄𝐘 ! 𝐋𝐈𝐙𝐙𝐈𝐄 !!!

.
That empty headed, short fingered vulgarian was just trying to launch Trump TV and we all know it.
He is the epitome of corruption
...and "miraculously" caused over 60 million deaths. You're a psychopath
THE FÜHRER answers: THAT WAS ANOTHER TIME OF TWO BIG WORLD WARS. NOW IT IS AGAIN 5 BEFORE 12. THAT IS WHY I AM BACK ON EARTH TO BRING PEACE!
I hear you're a psychopath with nothing to say worth hearing
Why overall are the Dems playing nice with these nominees? Force them to answer the tough questions. Don't let them wiggle out of it!
because the democrats have been crashing and burning for a while, and have officially hit bottom.
@sidnknj @exxonmobil Anyone associated with trump isn't trustworthy in my book.
Better than being a pal with you !
Stand strong he MUST not get in!!
Lying Sen. Warren u make me ashamed to say I live in Massachusetts. We will defeat u for Senate run.
wrong
FU pocahontas

What's left of Aleppo
Senator Warren, you're one of the few in Washington Americans can trust to represent us instead of the .1%
Poco you should not be insinuating your opinions against Tillerson . Try to be neutral.   We don't want another war
Tillerson was impressive!  He WILL do a great job as Secretary of State whether Lizzy likes it or not!
rex is a bad choice. To close to putin
You could have run for POTUS and made a difference rather than being the loudest ankle biter in the Senate.
Reject Putin's buddy ! Can't be trusted !
#mouth
He did an excellent job. It's good to see thoughtful mature adults at the dais, unlike you.
Can't the President do anything to stop this insanity?  I am scared to death!!!
One can only hope that Warren will be on the first flight out.
lying is the new honesty & stupid is the new smart.
r u suggesting that tillerson should have declared Putin a war criminal at his confirmation hearing?
does anyone reallycare?ibet exxon employee didn't mind.
Yeah and its eating you up that all of Trumps nominees will be confirmed with or without your deranged vote.
THANK YOU!
Tried to pull a trump & insinuated maybe they were lobbying for sanctions!!
@mystcole @exxonmobil Thank you for fighting. Seems like you're the only person with any courage left.
enough with the Russian rhetoric. We're not going to war!
much money to be made both Putin and Tillerson - Trump also I'm sure - won't know unless we see tax returns
he is a very poor choice.
Ms. Warren great job!  He must not be nominated. #RESISTANCE
your slip is showing..........
Is corruption corruption if it's expected.
tillerson should be zapped by God Almighty each time he lies. martha stewert was in prison for less perjury. wtf?
Do your rain dance for the T.V all you want, you know & WE KNOW.. Every @realDonaldTrump choice will be confirmed. #RealityTV
thought he knocked it out of park you politicians are no match he makes you look like the fools you are
is this enough for the cronies to vote against him? What's it going to take. NO one is listening to the people
liars all of them
Warren we know what your corrupt friend Hillary did with Pay to Play. You turned a blind eye.
Youre insane you know it?
You expect him to piss off Russia from the beginning?  Wow.  Didn't think you could get more stupid than you were.
everyday tjat you comment on anything is a bad day
LIAR, Your crap is all FAKE, made up to cover your losing ideas for @TheDemocrats & @barackobama legacy for losers!
Thank you so much Sen. Warren for your dedicated service.
Watched Tillerson!  Was amazed when he didn't understand the meaning of WAR CRIMES...questions coming from Rubio!
the sanctions are stupid doe
I have questions about his conflict of interest...big oil. Will he still profit from oil? Allow ethanol to exist?
Don't approve Tillerson!
is that your word or can you prove it in black and white. Put up or shut up
@foxnewspolitics I realize why you hate him!! He is to much MAN for you.
people need to Lobby against Liz, she is worse for america than an oil spill
awesome selection. If right says white, you'd say black just to not agree. U r a shallow person.
You have a bad day everyday when you open your shrilly voice! You are an embarrassment to our gender!
starting off new relationship by calling world leader a "war criminal" would be too stupid, even for you.
Stay strong! #ExxonBuysUSA #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet #TrumpHasConflictsOfInterest #VoteAllRepublicansOUT

I think your Syphillis has finally kicked in and made you a raving lunatic, please check yourself into an asylum 
show proof of Native American Indian Blood Degree! Please and Thank You. No One drop policies
Keep telling lies your liz baby you look like and are a FOOL. Also i see one thing your a democrate hay WE WON Go TRUMP PENCE
@SenWarren's behavior unbecoming of #USSenator 
Egregious 
Refrain from tyrannical #bullying

#senateonnotice
Putin isn't "his pal" no matter how much you want him to be. Hillary more dangerous to US than Putin!
He should NEVER hold that position.  Way too many problems. He can't recognize war crimes?
Liar, liar pants on fire.
He'll still end up getting rubber stamped though, no ?
Thanks for telling the truth! That's something that has been lost in Washington.
you attended in 2015 and 2016 what's the bilderberg agendas for humanity warren
hey Elizabeth what was spoken about agenda wise at bilderberg meetings could it be the next war with Russia
hey Elizabeth you want to explain to American soldiers why your promoting and do propaganda on the masses to support
a war with Russia after all it's their lives ruined it's their legs amputated it's them with PTSD it's them who end
up homeless begging in the street
You supported Clinton who helped murder millions in wars, coups, arms dealing. You dont get to demonize. #Trump
Pants on Fire.
@bsonder @exxonmobil
The gray men with no gray matter give elephants a bad name. And will confirm someone as incompetent as his boss.
Tillerson is such a slimy b^stard!
@PrincessBravato @exxonmobil Greedy Rex  Exon Rex  Putin Rex  Russian Rex Traitor Rex Go Away Rex!!!
He is not the right person for the job.
Wow where did they find this Tillerson he sure isn't as smart and quick witted as you huh?
u r a winner Next u will go back to be the world's biggest loser
Keep up the fight. Hopefully, Rubio will vote against Tillerson...
Tellerson is an example of corruption at its highest level.
Wasn't the testimony provided under oath? How about perjury?
Tillerson needs Putin to make money for himself, Trump and Exxon. He lied about sanctions, vote NO.
talk all u want GOP rules. Focus on educ bc AI will fill jobs of the future.
POKERHARNESS U speak W/ FORKED TONGUE. Where were u  when CHICKEN REDLINED OBAMA hot mic supporting PUTIN. Hypocrite
@wildwestleft @exxonmobil anybody who wants tillerson is a patriotic comrade.
Thank you for keeping us informed. Stay strong .
stop with the Russia bullshit, we do not want WAR WITH RUSSIA
Tiller-scam broke with Trump on Nukes, NATO & climate change but supported Putin & Russia. Conclusion: Exxon = Russia
keep the focus and demand what is right and good--ethical behavior is essential to good governance
He sure did.. Because when you cannot name Putin as a war criminal after murdering children .. It should tell a lot
Tillerson LIES
maybe you should read the lobbyist law that YOU wrote. Oh maybe you don't read laws that u pass!
Get em'  @exxonmobil hand over the 40 years of climate change research you have
I  and my family thanks you .
....While poor people living in rusty sheds.
you are trying to say former ceo,and that fine man gave up a job to help fix America, what have you given up?
all you career politicians do is fatten your pockets, welfare is a handout for uneducated votes to keep your seat
and the promise of $15p/h and free college is trying to buy the votes of all your little snowflakes you can control
Thank you for your tenacity at protecting the American democracy.
I guess invading a sovereign country-Ukraine & shooting down a plane full of Danes isn't a war crime.
you lost! You will never be president. You're not fooling anyone.
You know the in the Halls of Congress one doesn't wish to yell out a homie's name. Check his texts.
@amsmadwoman @exxonmobil go get him #warrenthewarrior!
@lol_wonderland @exxonmobil PLEASE get him off the ticket!!
I really hope the Democrats do not vote this guy in #noTillerson #CongressionalHearing  #trumpprotest
tillerson just wants to drill his 16.4 million acres in Russia by removing sanctions & his example in Chad was awful!
@darlene913 @exxonmobil 

@GOP @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP fiddle while America s. Pathetic excuses for representatives, leaders.
Yes they are..all of them.
also do like that humanitarian concerns are inconsequential.He said wouldn't put sanctions because bad for business!
tillerson is without doubt the worst possible choice! his nomination screams conflict of interest! #noTillerson
of course he didn't call out putin. once he takes office he will lift sanctions & Russia &ExxonMobil can get richer!
Good girl
@SaveMain_St @exxonmobil
Yep, but those involved in nominating HRC instead of Sanders should quit, go home, and only then speak.
such a liar.
@sbuchbinder @exxonmobil behind you %
Please stop Rex Tillerson's confirmation! He's done enough damage as CEO of #Exxon; need less fossil fuels not more!
@OpressedProgess @exxonmobil By whose standards is that a bad day. To the Trumpeteers & Russia it's a great day.
Thank you senator for your laser focus and decency to the American people #RESISTANCE #accountability #warren4pres
Hopefully Senator Rubio will zip up his high heeled boots and stand up to vote against the executive.
also lying about not getting subsidies. What are you going to do about it?
You had a bad month, credibility is all but  gone.  Stop having 20 somethings tweet for you -- you sound desperate!
Why do I feel as though a cult is being created?
How can a party that lies so much win elections??? I guess the Hacking and Rigging counts here !Clean up our politics
will he be charged with perjury? He was under oath when he made the claim about sanctions
What-ever..let's talk about the skeltons in your closet.  You have no room to talk!
You lost, you're in the minority. DEAL WITH IT LIKE WE DID THESE PAST 8 MISERABLE YEARS!
@JGilliam_SEAL 
E... You're not making a lot of points. You'll never trump Trump on Twitter.
Putin protects religious minorities.  Do you?
Putin needs Tillerson to remove Sanctions to get oil flowing.
and how does that help average Americans? It doesn't.
It doesn't, just retweeted to show stupidity.  Sorry will remove.
oh, sorry. ♡ Sarcasm doesn't always translate on twitter.
Thanks, was wondering.
So you want the Nation's highest Diplomat to play his hand in front of Congress?   You must not understand diplomacy.
I am so proud of you. You keep fighting these atrocious human beings that want to enrich themselves at the expense of the people.
you are a awesome!

Thank for fighting for our precious country!
and you stand behind the criminal Hillary Clinton and her rapist husband you're the joke
Tillerson has No Business being considered for this Job. His business Ties are not in America's interest
@megansmolenyak @exxonmobil He was also attacked by an ugly mordock.
hey Liz? U ever hear of the word 'Objectivity'?
she's not a journalist.
rule one in investigations is recognizing ur bias and putting it into check. Objectivity applies here
and it all means nothing. The preponderance of gutless politicians will approve his nomination to the club.
Of course, he didn't get a medal from them for opposing them.
@MarilynnePryor @exxonmobil definitely one of the worst nominees. Keep on fighting for us, and THANK YOU! #RESISTANCE
I watched entire hearing.  I thought he did wonderful.  But not for snob Dem's that won't work for free. Idiots
thought you still care about your coutry more than your party, was wrong. America is one, even if pendulum swings.
you lost the Senate – the house – the presidency. who had a bad day ? 
@exxonmobil
you are in a group of a couple that thought that. Your predawn opinion was obstacle to your listening! Rex is Class!
We need more Law Makers like u & @BernieSanders
warren 2020
He's buddies w/ war criminal Putin it's all bout lifting those sanctions $500 B deal he still owns Exxon stock $250M
Warren is an idiot
can you please please please stand for #USElections2020 #POTUS
