Please continue to speak up for our children. We cannot go in the wrong direction.
thank you for doing ur job in proving she is completely out of touch with the people she will be serving
https://mobile.twitter.com/AnnieWaldman/status/821523957513916420/photo/1 …
PLEASE Massachusetts don't reelection this ridiculous woman, E. Warren 2 congress again! U/we can do better!
more should be done to make sure people don't get preferential treatment by claiming to be native American
by the way thank you for ALL your hard work already and all I know you will continue to do.
@realDonaldTrump watching this angry,fidgety,breathlessly bitter woman speak down2Betsy DeVOS is embarrassing &beneath the Senate
your "question" to BD was loaded. At least Sanders asked about something he actually believes in! You are just spiteful!!
watched all 3+ hours. Keep it up. We are proud of you.
Please say no to Betsy Devos. Save public education! Keep education accessible to everyone.
She has absolutely 0 qualifications!!! Has she ever stepped foot in a public school?
thank you for the hard ?s! I flooded that broadcast
What are these STUPID questions about "will you enforce the law" to Betsy Devos? What; do U think she'll say? No?
Thank you, Senator Warren!! You always make me proud!!
WARREN keeps creating Republican voters just by existing; keep projecting your vile bigoted speech.
What a hack you are, good grief you must be in a safe seat.
stop this insane nomination!
DT speaks truth!Any Pres.that would put children in harms way2appease the1%tranny population is a disgrace
Be tough...do not roll over just to show partisan "love"...fight for what is right!!!

Of course I'm watching the Hearing of Betsy DeVos. I'm an educator and Betsy DeVos doesn't speak for me.
I'm sorry, but I don't believe she is any way qualified for the position! Sad thinking of her head of Edu.
watching still and I am appalled.
how is it possible that this nominee's family can run charter schools for profit all over Michigan---WTH?!
I am deeply concerned that GOP want to confirm her w/o taxes submitted to gov't ethics.
please stop this incredibly unqualified nominee.
Give someone else a chance
kids r going in2 debt 2 b indoctrinated w/ progressive ideology with no hopes 4 an actual job w/ u n charg
Why are you so combative in hearing? Democrats don't seem to have interest of country at heart! Seem to be out for own opinion. Not good.
VOTE NO- #BetsyDeVos fails.  LIZ YOU ROCK!!!!! LOVE how you blasted her. THANK YOU
#Pocahontas! #NutjobLiberals
Stupid pocahontas is at it again!
how about enforcing our existing border laws or our constitution which u r so ready to throw away
take no prisoners Senator Warren!
you are AWESOME!!! #mysenator
I am watching.  I am with you.
Approve her,Childrendeserve better than @TheDemocrats state run poor inner city schools.
Lizzy go away really you are foolish and just a spam artist.Hillary rid herself of you, and now we do as well You are Obscure and Irrelevant
you Dems are real tards
I think it is a joke to cite precedent when there is everything UNprecedented about this candidate.
DEMS TY 4 fighting! No surprise GOP DeVos lovefest. In MI http://bit.ly/2iF4SrO  via @BridgeMichigan
Watching now-- DeVos is incompetent and clearly lying. What can we do?
Did deVos just say something like she'd avoid $conflicts if they are pointed out? She's not gonna look??
I take a root canal any day over listening to you
it is a long hard road to go...keep holding feet to fire!
let's guess if the republicans there at the hearing are still alive breathing she's in
she might as well say I stand on the fifth
she never answered the question just She was willing to work with people when asked yes or no she repeated willing to work robot
Orrin Hatch must be confused. He can't be talking about deVos.
Warren example of congress women who hasn't done anything to help public education along with obama and democrats.
Considering we need to disband the dept whats your point?
Watching now with interest. I have taught sped.&ESOL in public schools & parent. I have concerns!
Patty Murray, highest ranking woman in Senate has a degree in P.E. questioning qualifications of others?
I watched as much as I could before I threw up.
-I can't watch this tragedy
and shut Lieberman up already so this can move on

She cannot be confirmed! no experience whatsoever in education. she bought an appointment only
Public funds should only go towards public schools, period.
please no. Don't destroy our education system. My kids deserve better than her plans.
speaking of education you should be ashamed of yourself using Native American funds to go to college.
Please vote No! #DumpDevos

it would be terrible to have a good Secretary of education.The kids might learn something not vote Dem.
Looking for a MADRASA   http://madrasahusa.com/    They will take vochers
already doing a great job!!
How do you plan to embarrass yourself today, Fauxcahontas?
the secret server in Trump Tower was linked 2 DeVos-owned Spectrum Health and Alfa Bank only. Coincidence?
Slate article from Oct 2016 re: secret server
please nail her on her  missing ethics/financial paperwork. The DeVos family bought extremist MI Congress
public schools will fail and private schools will prosper under her watch.
tune in and watch Dems fight for the teacher,s union.
Be sure to ask the hard questions!
Please do not confirm unless she is willing and able to make our school system better for every student!
Say no to this most unqualified candidate ever!
Of all Trump's cabinet picks I am most excited about Betsy DeVos. We need SCHOOL CHOICE
No more union cartel ruining our schools!
should I really waste my time for this?
throw her out.
quick.
Please stop her! She would be a disaster for education! @SenWarren @HELPCmteDems @usedgov #StopDeVos #DumpDeVos
rgardai l'audience nos on Gard et audit et plus qune scraitairia une vie mai vou été mieu que eliz...
please do not allow the future of our children and country become diluted by Republicans mediocrity
I'm watching with great interest!  I was a MI  public school teacher until my retirement. DeVos is poison.
Please vote NO on DeVos!!!
Do Not Confirm! DeVos cannot speak for our children.
Betsy is awesome!
please block nom
DeVos is unqualified for Education Secretary. Her nomination is an insult to all passionate educators.
Pushing an evangelical Christian agenda & as a by-product (intended?), segregated school system.
needs to be turned down
-good system here, like California also has. DeVos wants to push her xtian agenda and segregate again.
Please keep this religious extremist away from our children and their education. #NoGodinSchools
Trump has plans w/Putin/Flynn on or after the 20th they R hiding something & it won't be good.DO NOT swear Trump in!!!
DO NOT CONFIRM THIS WOMAN!!!!!!!
pls ask her about Black Water
please ask serious questions. We don't need/want her in ours #publicschools
do not confirm her! Look at facts on charter schools
what can a teacher with no money do to help stop her from becoming sec of ed?
Pls vote NO. She doesn't even have terrible experience like other cabinet nominees; she has NO experience!
-an already troubled. I was fortunate enough to grow up in New York & go to college there. We have a very-
I can hear the drumbeat and chorus of the Tomahawk Chop.
racist.
I assume you will be voting against confirmation of this determined enemy of public education
#DumpDevos I have 3 kids in public school, serve on the PTO----makes me more qualified to be Sec'y of Ed.
Reject Betsy DeVos! She has no qualifications and will destroy our public schools.
please save public eduction from her.
-As if education wasn't deficient enough in parts of the country. DeVos is the worst thing possible for -
unrelated question. It's cool to give secrets to the Russians now?
no experience, not in the interest of making schools work according 2her record ! Please don't confirm her
The same LIE.A.HONAS who lied on her resume @Harvard  to get a job that she wasn't qualified for without lying! How can she question anyone!
get informed trumpie.
Will the Senate confirm all of Trumps cabinet nominations?
Betsy going to school somebody..
No don't confirm her!!!!
Thank you Senator for keeping us informed.
thank you for all your doing to save public education!  Please ask Devos about unpaid fines!
Have all of her ethics requirements been met? If not, no hearing.
skip the inauguration!!!!
