Obama did nothing for the inner cities or his own people just played golf
@BLH62 #STOPFLOWOFGOPFOOLS
please tell me you're not voting for the cabinet members that have already gotten in
my wife and daughter are teachers, r country needs help Trump is a hot mess, I know you will do your best.
I would much rather have contempt than currupt....
She would be destructive to our entire Educational system, one that has produced the best scientists and doctors in the world.
#NoDeVos #Flip3GOP
Very cool.  If you happen to think of anybody else with massive conflicts of interest, please take them down, too.  Thanks!
@rm1268 She's just another trump
@wmariebritt  What about your financial ties, MissLiesALot?
just bc there r others with Education Experience of 20-30 yrs does not mean they r any good. Education has gone downhill since 70
she is in favor of public charter schools stop your lying
could?
You demonstrated contempt for at least 50% of country
@cmadmax DEMS BETTER NOT CONFIRM HER
You've got A LOT on your plate. Thank you.
@rm1268 VOTE NO! Thank you!
@lajacks13 see DeVos acting as rubber stamp of DT misinformed and incorrect ideas
you should not even be discussing fiscal anything after today's headlines. What else are you hiding? Citizens want to know!
Obama's pick Arne Duncan was huge charter school person. He even ran one. Lame point.
@chalet0929 #fakenees
@TeddyMopar #SelloutWarren
@cmadmax say NO to DeVoss
#Flip3GOP
ELIZABETH WARREN YOU BETTER CLEAN UP YOUR OWN BACK YARD BEFORE U JUDGE OTHERS YOUR CORRUPT
what a surprise! She has such a great model!
I used to admire you. How could you vote collosally unqualified Ben Carson out of committee? Badly out of step with your base.
DeVos is a giant mess of horrible.
DeVos supports for-profit charters. Profit in a school? Only when students cheated out of $ for CEO, shareholders. #defundDeVos
that's why @realDonaldTrump picked her. Millions of us have contempt for the failing public ed system
then don't vote to put her in that position.
be attentive to the Christian extremists working hard the create a theocracy. Cabinet is loaded. Protect 1st Amendment.
So vote NO
:DeVos has a one item agenda to destroy free public schools. Turn schools into revenue streams

@AFTWA her financial conflicts of interest will persist and define not only her tenure but most cabinet secretaries and Prez.
@SenAlexander DaVos, an unqualified zealot obsessed with diverting funds from public ed. for risky profit schemes. Pls vote down!
fakeahontas, why don't you tell us about campaign finance ethics and the 1.3M undisclosed HELOC of yours instead?
she terrifies me if she gets into that position!
Is against children receive good education as her do. Double standard for American children. @necn @masslive @BostonGlobe
Oh if you aren't the pot calling the kettle black...POCAHANTAS!
then don't confirm her, unlike you did the other incompetent nominee.
#2018takebackcongress and investigate and jail them all
Most of us have contempt for public education.  You Dems have corrupted it just like everything else you touch.
Agreed. Now let's see if your colleagues in the Senate oppose her or cave like they have done with all the rest.
Thank you for standing against her!!
I've seen you question her. The amount of "I don't know" 's speaks volumes about how unqualified she is
all #DJT minions will be following their leader #fakePOTUS
every member of trump administration is a criminal.
financial ties WILL create conflicts of interest. Her bro's Black Water co led to terr abuse in Iraq. Public ed must stay public
and list goes on what t does affect us all keep standing strong Liz
Obstructing
be like Gillibrand and vote NO for all of Trump's nominees. We need you now more than ever!
@SenBookerOffice  grilling Candidates is not enuf - vote "No"!
This whole administration is nothing but a gross conflict of interest.
We don't need another DJT appointee who is more interested in the job title than the job description. Vote no.
. Mitt Romney wrote a local Op-ed here in Salt Lake advocating for her because she was too rich to be corrupted.
I'm much more worried about her supposed "mission from god". She's straight up insane!
she will be appointed!! U sad???
It's as if they believe rules don't apply, they are untouchable and can pillage America as their own candy store
so why oh why would anyone entertain the thought of confirming her? Can't the nomination be rejected?
I liked the carry a gun to school to kill grizzlies line. Not a good pick, let her go home and count her money.

Hmmm, I remember  Ben Carson + Elizabeth Warren= Confirmed.
I hope you will also vote against the racist Jeff Session.
Charters are public schools.
Fillibuster her.  She's as unacceptable as Price, Carson, and Sessions.
Ugh
you voted for Ben Carson to be HUD secretary. Obviously no experience is no problem for you.
conflict of interest? Then Betsy will fit in the Trump cabinet perfectly. What a disgrace the Trump administration is.
. Devos ties shows she cares more about herself than kids
Thanks much.
Sen Warren PLEASE vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos! As a therapist, this is dangerous to the mental health of ALL children
then u must stand firm & say no to her confirmation. 

@monicasloves
please do not vote for her to be confirmed!
WHY did you vote for BEN CARSON?
How did DEMS let this happen billionaries have not been Vetted and will never be Corruption no checks & balances WTF
Thank you for your courage-- nomination of DeVos is heartbreaking to this Mom--her nom should not receive ONE affirmative vote!
Trump is getting away with it. I see no one going after conflicts...
But we can still start providing guns to grizzlies right?!  We had such plans to arm the bears!
.@SenWarren bring criminal charges when they are needed.
you get me girl!
stop voting for any of these nominees! Do you really want this administration running at full strength? Fight to win! For us!
thank you for voting no on DeVos
do they know that Thomas Jefferson went broke becau$e of 
per$onal $upport of free public education??
We kill pub lic education, we kill our future.  My take onBetsy DeVos\.—
You had better be voting NO on her nomination, not YES like for the other nominees you criticized.
So does our President
Yeah because school has worked so good under dem rule.the younger generations seem so lost and all they do is protest everything.
where do you stand in Tillerson and sessions?
FIGHT Elizabeth for our children!!!!
@AdamSMinsky put kids ahead of politics for once you pinhead!
please don't let this swamp monster anywhere near our public schools.
@ladiesgun @SenWarren please vote no on her confirmation.  Add me to your list of those who want her appointment declined!
She's following her leader's exmpl. Such things as no bias, unconflicted interest & concern for all levels of society irrelevant.
she is NOT ok!
@ladiesgun so your vote going to be?
new schools to compete with public is a great thing. What's important is that kids get a quality education.  Now they dont!
as a retired teacher of 37 years in a low wealth district, where we had great results, I beg you to please stop her appointment.
Thank you for your continuing advocacy in the Senate on behalf of the American people.
@chelseaperetti not worried about conflicts. She's uniquely unqualified. Better she should be Air Force One pilot.
She's not the only one with conflicts. Please stand firm on her & others. No more Ben Carsons! We need you to speak for us, Sen.
Wouldn't be much different than trump keeping all his holdings...   the whole lot of them are disgraceful!!!
mr.Warren,Madonna A,mudd Judd homer America shut your n a s t y mouths armpits and legs I'm sure you men smell in all areas 
please don't vote yes for her like you did Ben Carson.
The real issue is whether public ed will continue. I am concerned it will not and that is not good.. What are your thoughts?
@kutsiesmilla I support your opposition to B DeVoss. Totally unqualified!
Thank you for opposing her!
I honestly think@donaldtrump has met his equal on pointless tweeting, unorganized spewing of personal opinions, pointless!
Vote NO confidence!
a no vote is great, any ideas for how to get a Republican or two on board to actually stop her?
Please stop voting for Trump's other unqualified nominees. I'm not sure who it is you're representing with those votes.
DeVos conflicts of interest are just following Trump's conflicts of interest.
@SenFlakeStaff  #noDevos
Of course who will stop her. The republicans support that kind of behaviour. You are a great lady, thank you.
For everyone railing Carson/HUD, Dems are playing safe. DeVos can do real harm! #DeVosIsWorseThan Carson
you voted for Ben Carson. Make sure you don't vote for DeVos.  Be strong Liz.
SO VOTE NO. I'm not sure the fragile little cheez puff has announced any policy that isn't Fascism 101 but OPPOSE HIM.
... Thank you Sen. Warren for continuing the fight.
Thank you for standing firm against this administration.  Our President wants to create a theocratic oligarchy.
thank you for keeping her accountable! Please let us know how we can help 
like Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State  Pay to Play, Hillary made Billions. We won't talk about your conflicts of interest.
And you've repeatedly demonstrated contempt for the American people unless we're one of your special cabals.
Carson has demonstrated contempt for the poor. But that didn't stop you from confirming him.
:lets forward #BetsyDeVos with positive solutions to issues and she will work for better solution for the #office & the #people
I'd like to see hers and Donald Trumps tax returns. Maybe they should pay their own taxes and worry about education not the wall
so you're voting yes? I hope not this time.
she could buy you with her fun money. Maybe that's why you don't like her. Well that and the fact she is way smarter than you!!
just like her boss, then. #unfittolead #ImStillWithHer
COULD create conflict of interest!?!
in Trump's circle of crazy, who doesn't have conflicts, is unqualified, or completely bigoted against what they are to head?
Please please please NO DEVOS!!!!!!
the only financial ties yr concerned about r the commy teachers Union contribution 2 the dems.
Vote No on DeVos. She doesn't have the knowledge or skills to run public education.
I have contempt for public ed...  it has stopped working and needs repair.
A half wit has no place influencing our education system
Open grift seems to be par for the course with this administration and his supporters don't care.
Are there just 3 Repubs who are willing to do the right thing and vote against her? @SenDeanHeller
thank you Senator Warren our Children's deserve the best and qualify person for the education department
As an educator in S.C. I beg you to stay vigilant against Devos. She is NOT qualified. #noDevos #publiceducation #saveourkids
@chelseaperetti what's it going to take to get you  to start an impeachment?
our education system needs revamping and twerking not total destruction
whoops autocorrect changed tweeking to twerking
So....you're not going to vote for her, RIGHT?
we all know this, the thing is what are YOU representing US going to do about it but tweet and say yes to these nominations?
Thank you! Please help other Dem's to stay in line & recruit the necessary GOP's
so you are voting "no" right? And Sessions too?
Please protect this great nation... and resign!
Vote against her please!
I guess she figures if Trump can...
YOU are a conflict of interest against America. Why do you and your Democrat peers HATE this country ?
stop this!
Bravo!!
Vote no on DeVos! Save our public school system!
her responses were so very lame. Deer in headlights!
agreed, please keep fighting for non confirmation of Betsy Devos
well said!
thank you thank you! I know you represent MA but those of us in red states with no Dems in Senate really appreciate you. #Resist
s DeVos will make a great addition to our failing education system
and DeVos has not real experience with education, esp public. He for keeping our children out of harms way!
what's your favorite part of public education?
please note: this entire administration is going to be a whole and complete conflict of interest
your out pochantas
We must do all in our power to stop this insane appointment of Betsy Devos for Education position.
You are a hero of the people!
please don't give up
so DeVos is just like the rest of the Trump administration. What a surprise.
Sound like traits to make her eminently qualified to serve in this Administration @SenWarren
her disdain for public education is a conflict of interest enough. The fact that she wants only what SHE believes is dangerous
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
.@SenWarren WARREN got a call from the Teacher's Unions.. Not listening to AMERICAN People
Thank you for all your efforts on behalf of US citizens.
Vote no!
Yeah! Stand up Sen. Warren I support you. I did not like her arrogance at the hearings at all.
Please work to get some Republicans to vote no on her appointment.
public schools for most part are terrible.
.

SO UTTERLY STUPID !!!

THEY HAVEN’T FIGURED IT OUT YET !!!

YOU'RE GETTING SCREWED EVERY DAY !!

.
Do not confirm DeVos  she will decimate education - all education. As a 28yr public school Sp. Ed. teacher our children need more
smokes to many peace pipes.
If confirmed, aren't all Cabinet members required to divest where there could be conflicts? DeVos, Tillerson, Mnuchin, Price??
We need you in 2020. Please consider.
thank you Senator Warren!
you know what needs to be done for the best interest of our children in public schools
#NOT QUALIFIED
That's so she can get RICHER. She doesn't give a DAMN about children or  education! But-She cares about MONEY and HER religion!
please stop her do whatever it takes
as bad as Tillerson, the Exxon exec, or the Goldman Sachs dudes? wtf Elizabeth?
caressss?
THIS WOMAN?!
pull others in Congress to defeat her! That's your job! Protect Americans!
