I like you. If you run in in 2020 you have my support.
Nor is it up for debate that D Brass bus tossed Citizens 4 Corporate Fascist Bribers w #ClintonMafia help
um, being that Trump has literal ties to organized crime in nyc, I'd take it easy on the hyperbole.
Nice #DNCdebateManual Jack!
Der #GropenFurer ain't ANY of mine
He's a #ClintonMafia Stalking Horse
THEY Boosted Him!
@SenWarren
Now that we've those #DamnedFacts out in the open, u got ANY HC Action 2 show HC isn't a Corp Fascist #Shitweasel?
don't hate the player, hate the game. Any rise to power tarnishes, including an upstart from nothing.
Nope, hating the Corporate Fascist Bribers behind the players AND the players 4 their Insurrection against Constitution
it all comes out in the wash.
If it doesn't come out we all end up like Somalia
Which is the plan. By both "sets" of bribed Party Brass
These racist ALT Rights should not be in leadershipl of our USA. He is not keeping our country safe! He's making it dangerous!
I wish republicans would have given President Obama a chance or his Supreme Court pick a chance?!
Obama had 8 years. If you read history about Sup. Ct. noms dying last year of Pres, customary 2 wait
agreed, total disrespect! Now they want Democrats to cooperate, saying it's not fair. BS.
I guess it is tit for tat, then. We are all in for another 8 years.
you seem like a reasonable minded person. Really wish you would give MSNBC a real chance...
When I watched "The Big Short", my conclusion is that the execs at Goldman Sachs belonged in jail. Certainly not in charge of policy!
And yet we have the ACTIONS of D Brass 2 thank 4 #GropenFurer
http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/33869-hillary-clinton-s-ghosts-a-legacy-of-pushing-the-democratic-party-to-the-right …
#2Big2Fail?
#WhoProfits frm it?!
you can point fingers and argue about how we got here, or you can fight for movement in a better direction.
Point is that "Resist" can have ZERO 2 do w Corp Fascist D Brass or we get more SAME shit different day we've had 40 yrs
OTHER point is that Corp Fascist D Brass =/= ANY kind of valid "alternative" 2 their own #StalkingHorse DT
A reporter wrote yesterday that Mnuchin was a partner of Bernie Madoff, and included court docs. Is this true?  Big story if yes.
not accurate shame on you Senator
@ecwpunk81 Please oppose this clearly corrupt and crooked unqualified nominee.
sorry, can we stop with the conversation about how Trump's picks are bad. Of course they are. He choose his buddies, not experts
oh please. We've seen Democratic nominee's be nothing but Crony lousy lawyers. I'll take buddies that lead industry
you are a nasty woman not up for debate
.@SenWarren Steve Mnuchin profited from Bernie Madoff Ponzi scheme & paid a fine for it too #trumpleaks #resist #rt
To late- He is in-Wall Street savior.
and you bought some of those houses we have proff you POS
Thank The Universe We Have You to fight for our rights! Your amazing!
Prove it.
you are the Duchess! Keep it going girl!
@MAHAMOSA the gov opened the door for sub prime, banks lent and leveraged irresponsibly and people borrowed beyond comfort.
Stop his confirmation at all costs
what blindness!  Isn't it also a fact people weren't paying their mortgages?  Does that fact totally escape you?
you supported a candidate that took millions from those very same banks. That's not up for debate. It's fact.
got that info to show
@ReneeRutledge Yep, that's what banks do if you don't pay a loan: take the collateral. And CEOs have a duty to act accordingly.
did you skip over the illegal part?
No, it's just a red herring. minor paperwork errors were deemed "illegal". But the houses would have been taken anyway.
@Daniel_Ross622 We ought to run banks like the Dems run the Govt..its free, no need to pay. Not in business 4 long.
people have to pay bills im this country. That is fact. U don't pay u don't own. That is another fact. Partisan political puppet
... but Senator you voted for B.Carson, don't rant and posture if you don't mean it, NOT a GOOD LOOK.
So why are you telling us this, @SenWarren?  Are the spineless #Democrats going to do something about it or sell out as usual?
#45 needs a person brave enough to "forclose" on America and her dreams,
Sad!!
well it was his job then. Just following the law. What's wrong with that. Oh right dems are above the law
We the people must demand to see Trump tax returns that is a key to his impeachmentTrump is a public servant to the peopleDEMAND
Why haven't we started the impeachment process yet on Trump? What are we waiting for? Senate / house needs to rally.
If we could have you as president, life would be easier!
remember how republicans shut down the government? it's time for that NOW.
@MJMcKean Which makes him one of Cheeto's better picks. As my senator, I ask you to vote NO on all of them. In fact, #VoteHellNo
so are you going to vote to confirm him or nah? Ask your fellow dem @KamalaHarris why she never prosecuted him when she could?
And then YOU bought those foreclosed homes and flipped them for profit. Hypocrite.
I CANT STAND ELIZABETH WARREN!
unfortunately, he sounds like a Trump kind of guy. Ugh!
let's see the proof!!
You lied about having Native American ancestors 
decline consent. Let us know how we can help. Pens and phones at the ready.
@SenSanders please keep a keen eye. I fear recent events may be a "look over here ... not over there" attempt at distraction.
is he another master of #alternativefacts?
#alternativefacts, get with the times. Lol
did you not listen to his testimony?  Why are you trying to spin it bad?  Look at your self before you spread crap!  Shame on u
It's also a fact that you lied to get your cushy, overpaid jobs. Talk about that, Pocahontas.
Yep, he's bad.  So is Ben Carson but you approved him.
So is the FACT that you had a $1.3M line of credit you never reported!
3,000 psyches signed a manifesto on Tr*mp mental health. And a bunch of folks think he is going to attempt a coup. Keep fighting!
In Trumpland, those people are called 'losers'
when will our politicians stand up to this ignorant dictator wanna be? @GOP @DNC @BernieSanders @BarackObama @GovInslee @CNN
But as long as he makes "good, detailed promises", you'll vote for him, right?  How about you join the #RESISTANCE instead!
Maybe Ben Carson can give him a job over at HUD thanks to you appointing him. #sodisappointed #thoughtyouhadourbacks
Why didn't Senator Harris send his ass to prison when she was attorney General of California????? Ask her that for me please
and you're a fake Indian provocateur
You lie compulsively, thus the need to punctuate your idiocy with "that's fact." #notnormal
When is the vote on Mnuchin and it better be a no same with Ross Betsy DeVos
You have no problem buying those homes. Did you re-rent those foreclosed homes back to the owners who were homeless? No.
DEMs should just say NO!
Liar!
we, the people who elected you, will have our voices heard. If not now, then with our votes in 2018
shut up
Repubs running ads in MI to encourage support of Trumps cabinet nominees, and justifying cutting ACA
NO to Every Trump Nomination!  IMPEACH!
it's not a fact.  It's WRONG. he headed up the best loan modifications of all and took a bad bank off the governments hands
Yes, and no such scumbag should ever be confirmed to even get to touch the treasury, much stick his hands in and manage it!
retreat to your #saferoom ! Go make speeches to your #snowflakes & give them gov't handouts.
please get the #nuclearcodes away from him
Did you get a line of credit from him? Hiding something?
just say no!!
isn't afraid Trump will fail she is afraid he will succeed
#BoycottAmazon #BoycottAmazon
Remember when YOU, personally YOU Took Advantage of poor people when flipping houses. U R not pure Darling! It's a Fact!
It's fact 60k of MILLIONS!!! Get a grip Pocahontas!!!!
this administration does not care about people
and u lied and said you were a Native American and stole a job from a real Native American!
little Donnie T deals in alternative facts.
Haven't you heard? All facts are up for debate now. #alternativefacts
@wareaglepc Warren ur a socialist. Shh&hhhhushhhh
@BUSHADEMOCRAT Trump promised to "drain the swamp". I never thought he would assemble a cabinet from the scum from the bottom
what are you doing about it? We the people are stuck in our offices working for the man.
how many of those depressed properties to you buy and flip?
pay the bills .  Most things are not free in life. Propaganda was not taught to you in Oklahoma City where you were born
pocahontas heep big a-hole
are you a descendent of the American Indian- is that up for debate? @realDonaldTrump make America great again 
Did you buy any of those homes ? You bought and resold foreclosures for a profit  #fact
Where those families paying back the money they borrowed from his bank?
didn't that happen under your watch in senate! Where was your objection then?
@jimcolucci Sadly with this administration facts have no value #resist
@Ex67T20 yeah, and Ben Carson was unqualified, but you still voted for him.  I thought you had a backbone, but again, politics
I think it's fair to say, esp. after this past weekend, that no nominee should receive a single (D) vote.
you STOLE a scholarship from the Cherokee. THAT'S a FACT. #PayItBack
DO NOT approve this man or any of Trumps picks!!!  They're ALL bad for the ordinary Amer citizen
keep nailing him with those facts!
you are so full of it, remember the votes are in, you lost and lost and lost and lost
what about your 1.3M problem? Are you going to tell the people about your ethics problem
make sure you vote no!
@MAHAMOSA Then they sold those bad mortgages as investment instruments and made even more $.  How are these guys allowed 2 B free
#it's a fact.  Then the constitution isn't up for debate either?
You have truly serious problems ahead of you now, in America. Our thoughts are with you, from Europe.
Elizabeth Warren for President 2020!
Don't vote him for goodness sake!!!
@MaryMcDonnell10 please keep fighting and speaking the truth!
And your lying ass made a fortune off flipping those foreclosed homes. #lyingliz #humanfilth #givingdopesavoice
You are upset cause the democrats did not win
What does this mean in practical terms re: the powers of the sec of treas.? It would help to know what we're up against.
Please hold up this nomination.  He benefitted from the Housing crisis.  He can't be allowed this power over the economy.
but gee shouldn't he be given the chance to help the "forgotten Americans" he's spent his career screwing over?
sure, but what about the alternative fact that he actually did a great job?
Please Senator, fight for the American People! We are counting on all of you!
ok Hiawatha
and homes are being foreclosed on now at record rates. people cant afford them thanks to the feds juicing the market you idiot
if that were true why wasn't he subject to the law?
Right On !
and foreclosed on a night ninety year old woman for miscalculating her Morgpymt by pennies!!!
u lie
the anti trump movement is behind you thank you for standing for us
Pocahontas
the same foreclosures on loans people like obammy demanded they get?
That's not the subject of the day.
like you and the Democrats still the ranchers land in Nevada?
@SenateDems @thehill @joncoopertweets @TheDemCoalition @peoplefor @BrennanCenter @CREWcrew @Public_Citizen @MoveOn THX, Sen
please stop voting Yes for cabinet nominees.
Only a couple more years of you, fake ass Tonto wanna bee
Obstruct his nomination!  Obstruct trump 24/7!
but assume you'll vote to confirm him just the same
You and your husband bought those homes to resell, didn't you?
we have to stand against these people T is determined we have to live with!!
Sooo. How are you going to vote?
@DirkBlocker so I hope you're voting against him!!
Now imagine him with a mandate from the commander in chief.
Senator Warren, thanks for all you do for those of us who love facts . My heads spinning from all of the "alternative" facts !
Republicans love it and him
consistency is only a hobgoblin of a small mind if it's destructive. Again, WHY CARSON???
Ask @KamalaHarris why she failed to prosecute, but took campaign donations from OneWest Bank and Mnuchin's wife?
you can listen to him just like ivanka we taxpayers r little people we fight wars pay our bills don't cheat we r little ppl
Lizzy has a $1.4 million dollar that SHE failed to DISCLOSE to congress! That's not UP for debate, EITHER! its a FACT Lizzy !!
also fact you preyed on those people by buying foreclosed homes for quick flip profits. Hypocrite
Munchins bank stole from my family & forced us in to bankruptcy then made a profit on "my" house.  He's all wrong for the job.
and he was registered to vote in two states at the same time. #voterfraud
@DavidKoechner I'll vote Democratic if I can stop paying my mortgage and keep my house.
please make sure you chat with @RoyBlunt about this. I'm losing faith in my elected leader
How about your unethical practices regarding a loan? HYPOCRITE!
what about your rental properties?
we don't need another heartless man in the White House. Empathy & compassion are at an all time low in White House
this is a discredited lie. Occurred long after he left the bank.
Stop grandstanding! you endorsed this kind of fraud last year
So? What's your point? That he isn't qualified? Neither was Carson, yet you voted him in. They are all =ly bad. @GoHedgeClippers
@Benito35ddDavis Hope no Indian families. That heap big trouble, right Lying Fork Tongue?
they didn't pay their mortgage so they were foreclosed on, that's what happens, FACT!
So why is Mnuchin STILL not in jail??? System is broken!!!
This Trump cabinet is an abomination. The people need to see how evil these nominees are and Republicans will be held accountable
@JoeWatchesTV Debunked
@katrinanation  He took over a failing bank, intimately saved jobs.
thank you Sen. Warren. Keep resisting the and crew. Please remove them all from wh.
Trump fuels flames on wknd which may have influenced those who killed Muslims in Q.C.  Now using that attack to justify actions!
#fillibuster
.  So let us pray you don't vote for him.
senator- once again your " facts" are subjectively skewed . The banks forced no one to take a mortgage or a loan.
Slick Lizzy tells lies about the law, what do expect from a make believe squaw
You're a PHONY. You voted to confirm Carson, ffs. You've never come through when it REALLY mattered..except to your own  P.R.
Lizzy - you have NO power and you are wasting taxpayer money. All nominees will be approved. Better worry about your election.
I lost my house in 2007. Tried to work with bank but they were determined to take my house.
@Jillsey11 Then make sure you give him no support
@SenSchumer pres obama MUST be the voice of democrats or we lose. DNC chair candidates are not what is needed to get us there.
Then he is unqualified to hold this post!
we need more support in Congress to stop the #meglamania child. #TRUMP. We need to say no to bad cabinet picks. #StandUpToTrump
WOW
I hope you won't vote for confirmation.   Every Democrat should vote no.
how many of the foreclosed properties did you buy and try to flip?
and yet here we are debating it.
You're rediculous. How about your Indian heritage?? We Americans LOVE POTUS. Your party is a MESS
we know this, please convince your colleagues @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Too many #BillionaireBoysClub in #Trump cabinet!  #Bannon seems to be running the show!
but it seems that with this administration facts don't matter anymore!
Good
SenWarren U R 1 good woman, keep punching back. We need to see Trumps tax records.
heartless and cruel makes Menuchin a classic Trump choice. Is anyone debating that?
we don't want u    go away    didn't u see what happened in Nov?
@LOLGOP Fight them with all u have! Thank you Senator!
How will Senate Democrats stop Mnuchin? #WeSeeYou
You helped keep a lousy economy running - what did you do to help us after economic crash?
