Keep your doctor. Keep your plan.
You would know Pocahontas! #DNCThieves
When they say it's not about politics, it's about the politics
You are the only political candidate I’ve given money to. This is why. My money helps you protect my money.

Never stop fighting for us.
But she is NOT. She is blowing smoke. She should be asking for criminal indictments NOT they get fired. It is ABSURD.
I don’t even understand that. “Not they get fired”? Words should be MORE use?
Not that they get fired. She isn't asking enough. Kind of like the SNL video I posted in this thread.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEb_epsuLqA&feature=youtu.be … Hear now you will get it.
It should be about obeying the law but whatever Elizabeth. When will these ppl be held accountable? I'll wait...
I thought Wells Fargo
was done when they had
to fire 5000 employees
for crooked accounts in their
names cheating customers
EVERY SINGLE EMPLOYEE WHO DID THAT should be sitting in a prison cell most of all...all of the executives!
I'm more interested in #PocketCoin
#HR4HR
The shooting in Las Vegas isn't about politics either. But man have the Dems jumped on the gun control bandwagon

Why isn't he facing jail time? If I opened an account in someone's name, that would be fraud, I would be arrested. Jail! Ridiculous!
@SenWarren knew more about Circle Jerker @HarveyWeinstein dropping sperm from Coast to Coast than Tim Sloan knew about WFC misdeeds.
None of the Senators in that hearing even suggested criminal prosecution was on the table. Weak. Bought off.
Actually, Wells Fargo execs should go to jail, and it speaks volumes about our corrupt political system that no one has prosecuted them.
It’s ok Liz, we know who you really are. Please run! 
How MUCH $$ did YOU get from Banks??  From Weinstein??  Unbelievable that you THINK real American's believe your BS... only the libtard zombies believe you conjecture. RIP2018
don't let her fool-her pension is invested in Wall Street-when banks and businesses do good on Wall Street, our pensions and 401k's do
Don't let her fool you-Wall Street is where our 401k's/ pensions are invested-Wall Street falls like it did 2008, we people loose our money
YOU should be fired! POS POCAHONTAS LIAR. $400K INCOME PER COURSE. #FRAUD
Put a burrito in it E. Oh, you don't eat that.. Well then put some MAZE IN IT...
PLEASE run against @potus . U will ensure another 4 years
the wells fargo CEO and the rest of those who did this SHOULD GO TO JAIL, don't you think.  If I did what they did I would be in jail.
"You defrauded and stole from millions of Americans? Ok, time to step down and go enjoy your retirement with all the money you stole."
God know, Senator, protecting your pocketbook is most important to you.  Your filthy multi-millionaire.  SMH
Says the lady who charges 400k for one college class
This is why I sometimes like Warren. She has the guts to take down the big guys.
#Pocahontas
But we don't need you Pocahontas... Vote her out! !
I AGREE THE 3KS SHOULD BE FIRED EXPOSED & CHARGE!
It's OKAY THAT YOU SHOULD BE FIRED TOO ELIZABETH. America knows that you are a blatant LIAR.
We cannot believe anything  you say #fakeperson  14.5 million dollar woman: YOU are the problem
When someone says "it's not about politics," guess what: it's about politics!
Firing ceos is what they want . The corporate world is run by the software provider , network maintainers .
The government takes money out of my wallet, WellsFargo never has
Keep on them Elizabeth We need your voice in the senate!!
Yes indeed
There's no justification to compromise integrity!!
More like your pockets ..
Whatever u don’t care about anyone but urself
#WarrenFranken2020
How about your pal Sen Menendez. Don’t forget he’s taken bribes and committed fraud. You seem to always forget him. Hypocrite!
WARREN DO U DO ANYTHING  ABOUT?
Emotionally I agree but can not support government deciding if private company should hire or fire anyone!
Senator, What would it take to revoke their Charter? Is this not an option? If not now, when?
Instead of an apology, why don't you just add some money to my bank account?
shut up! what r U doing?
SJ is when ea attorney files  sumJudge attaches evidence& submits2the judge NO TESTIMONY judge reads both signs one CASE CLOSED=Arbitration
Allowing Defendants to file Summary Judgements is the same as Arbitration. Say NO2SummaryJudgements
So he agrees with her reasoning but don't want to. So good to see the white shadow news working things out.
What totally blows my mind is SBC TRUSTS WellsFargo to own their own refund everything to the consumers who were wronged R U KIDDING ME???
What about PROTECTING AMERICAN CITIZENS .... you know ur CONSTITUENTS
Who tweets more?  Elizabeth or our President?
Dems like you will try to get credit/votes for anything. Next you'll hear, "I propose legislation changing the year 2017 to 2018 on Jan 1.
Do u ever tell the truth...
How about the way the FED and tha government rip off the American TAX payer!!
Said the hypocrite who charged $400k to teach one class. #LiberalHypocrisy
Anybody can apologize. And do it again as soon as no one's watching.

ASK FOR PRISON NOT A PENNY.
The attitude of "Senators" All of us are poor suckers and we will be lucky if the guy stealing from us for years just gets fired. REALLY???
HOW ABOUT 99 YEARS IN PRISON!!! We need to rise up against this BS. It ALL of our Senators pussyfooting around not asking for what is just.
Why are just asking he be fired how about put in PRISON for CRIMINAL FRAUD?
Why are you asking for a penny when you can get a dollar.
Tim Sloan does not need to be fired @SenWarren. Have you walked a minute in his shoes?
Multiple steps must be taken to improve our government @SenWarren. Step 1 is getting you out of it. You are divisive and destructive.
As if she is concerned about our money. Surprised she didn't ask them for a political donation.
@WellsFargo just give this lib trash pusher some $$$ she will shut up
Lib trash pusher Pocahontas is wells Fargo the only bank that didn't give you $$$
Yes, time to fire the thieving SOB
Why is no one in the justice department listening?
If you really wanted to protect peoples pocketbooks you stop running for office.
Your awesome hang the mr. Smith (equifax). Take down Wells Fargo too.
How’s your #InsiderTrading going this year?
You are our Mockingjay.
Everything U squawk about has a political agenda U wack job.
@realDonaldTrump  says he wants to keep Americans safe... but his actions say otherwise. Complete failure in financial and gun safety.
Oh ok Pocahontas
DEMAGOGUE times infinity....
protecting our pocket book when though she STOLE tax MONIES with FREE I am Indian FREE COLLEGE EDUCATION  protecting our pocketbooks YEAH OK
Lizzie is always reactive! Fix the problem up front!!!!!
All he cares about is is nice salary and large bonus, maybe he should give his employees one. # won't happen,# Wells  Fargo greed.
How much did you make as a house flipping slum lord? How's your Indian heritage going? How many more lies do we not know about you??
I hope all Wells employees in Massachusetts remember this come voting time. What a ridiculous bully Warren is 1 yr later.
Warren is fighting the wrong battle w/ Wells Fargo. Political gain vs a company who is bettering things for the public. What a joke she is.
Stop lying
Nevertheless she persisted
Keep fight the good fight
And Honesty and Trust.
Criticize Trump for weighing in on NFL players being fired while proposing the same of CEO’s in the private market. How much are you worth?
It must be terrifying to have Fox News agree with you!
Our jutice is so slanted to protect the 1% crooks makes you wonder why they put laws on the law books!
And he needs to pay that money back. It can help PR.
Go get them!! Great job standing up for citizens! If you check if your data was breached it leads you to signing up for coverage. Making$$$
Liz. Good for you! You’re finally talking to Fox News! Large start for a liberal! I give you credit!
Fired? They all belong in jail
Are you thinking about our pocketbooks when you run up our national debt to 20 trillion dollars??
Ma’am, on this I agree with you.
The Wells Fargo CEO shouldn't get his multi-millions golden parachute! That should be paid to victims!#incompetent #slick @OccupyDemocrats
Everyone is getting rich except for us "deplorables"...
It is the wicked witch of the east again....woof x10
Look Lizzy, you have no fking authority to terminate CEO’s or boards of directors! You are just doing your political idiotic grandstanding!
Pocahontas is such a hypocritical political GRANDSTANDER!!!
Just like the shooting in Vegas but u Pocahontas u decided to use those poor people for ur own stupidity

Need more representatives like this to get a hold of the banks power.
How is anyone still banking at Wells??? Move your money people!
I want to move my mortgage but can't afford to pay closing again to move it.
hey pocahontas! If ANY words come out of your mouth it is ALWAYS political!! Free publicity & drama queen.
Don't do business with Wells Fargo, simple. Your indignant howling is getting old. I will never vote for you again.
When will CNN stop corrupting itself by trying to steal Fox viewers?
GIULIANI, GINSBERG, DUNES, MANAFORT, KELL Y& HUSBAND, ELAINE CHAO, DE VOS, ELECTORAL COL  REPUBLICANS
IMPEACH TRUMP. PRISON for him,KIDS,  JARED, Pence, administration, Price, Mcnchin, Flynn, Bannon, Christy
Lol ok lib trash pusher #trump2020 get over your crap
I’d LOVE to have the privilege of being fired after bilking thousands of people out of their hard earned money
This is BS!
fired
...really
So Inspiring to see Elizabeth call it what it really is, and speak out for what's right.  Empower criminal behavior?or Fired?(no gold chute)
Right on Senator.  This is something that needs fought and can be fought to not happen again.
Love You!
Doubtful and even if they do the next CEO will not do better.  Look at their twenty year history.
Credit agencies are bullshit anyway. Worthless.
I love how everyone on Capitol Hill know exactly what should be done with @WellsFargo and says so, but none of them have the balls to do it
Mr or mrs intern let the company fire him and tell Mrs Warren to do her job and prosecute him. Or is he to big for jail?
This is how trump got in , those elected play games with the people, we elect you to do your dam job Sen. WARREN 
MAJORITY SAY JAIL THEM .
The last settlement  the lawyers got 135,millions  i got a check for 135.00. Are you kidding, jail them and those snake ass  lawyers
I do want to get on a stage and debate you, you play the game well Senator but your veiled BS does not shine
Our pocketbooks or yours?
But why didn't our pocketbooks need (or get) this kind of protection in 2005 when @WellsFargo opened unauthorized accounts in my name?
Who is protecting my pocket book from u Lizzy 200 Trillion in unfunded liability
I think the key to a successful relationship is to love  with all your heart, and to always show  that you do. And of course to always be ho
Please ask the former CEOs of big banks to return those obscene bonuse$ they received for their role in the sub-prime crisis!
Either real jail time with real criminals or just let them keep there job. When will we hold the rich accountable.
You are the leader we need!
By your reasoning, you should be fired also. We have lying on resume, productivity.
I agree with you on this! And the “Federal Reserve” needs to be disbanded as well!
Are you an Indian this week or something else
Absolutely
Then have to agree that @NFL puts stop to anti american sentiment
Criminal accountability is required. The U.S. is rewarding corruption & predatory capitalism.
Nail on the head again my friend!
Anyone who still has an account with Wells Fargo should close it out
She has taken millions of dollars from banking industry and will continue to do so. Does anyone believe they are not getting a return on it?
It's all about politics
I'm still waiting for my check for their fraudulent activity.
i live, you’re the only one that calls these companies out on their bs!
Pocahontas on pocket books! I love it
Well then  it is about politics
Strong women leaders state facts and are not afraid to speak truth clearly. @SenWarren is a strong woman.  Keep speaking up, Senator Warren.  We need you!
Senate hearing are for learning info to make appropriate recommendations. Not for grand standing, bitter ol hag speeches.
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? Then watch this video
I am beginning to think Elizabeth Warren should seriously think about a run for the WH
Woman I wouldn't agree with you on anything
You are a mouth and a half. Calm down Lizzie
warren should be fired! No need for bump stocks being legal!! That's blood on your hands!!
So sad that even needs to be said. We need GOP that represent the Am ppl and not the corporations and rich.
#gopcorruption
It's always about the money. Guns. climate change, immigration, health  care. Conservatives call it freedom and liberty. That's hypocrisy.
Please, everything you do is driven by politics.
Wondering if anything makes you happy..other than screaming " get off my lawn".......
No one has heard you call for the FIRING of Koskinen- #PaTHeDik!
If you as US Senator can outright call for the termination of a Private company CEO,why can't POTUS voice opposition to NFL anthem kneelers?
https://www.facebook.com/india.colon/videos/1620297788028440/ …
Clawbacks are good but not enough.  There are ways around it.  There needs to be criminal penalties.
The Foxsters would rather die than be caught in agreement with you.
Lol Pocahontas is a lib trash pusher the only thing she is trying is to get some $$$ from @WellsFargo
Seem to remember you saying the same thing after 2008 crash. Ok 9 years later now and you're still on same subject. Very sad
But why should their severance pay be more than most Americans make in a lifetime?
So when we commit a crime our defense will be a fogginess
Jail terms are likely the only way to stop this from repeating. Gee perhaps there should be a legislative solution to this.
Fox only want the GOP & their pockets protected. To hell w/ the rest of the rest of the country, except the GOP criminals.
I was affected by the WF issue. I don't blame the CEO. It was cheating employees trying to rob WF of money that I blame. Why do you blame the CEO?
1%er http://investmentwatchblog.com/fun-fact-elizabeth-warren-has-a-15-million-net-worth-on-a-174000-senators-salary/ … Elizabeth Speaks With Forked Tongue
While the rest of America thinks he should go to jail
HE deserves to pay back every penny he stole ,and a penalty,plus jail time.A ten year sentence sounds nice.It will give them time to think
So say’eth the 1%er!!
"Not because she said so, but because I agree with what she said" 
Highest ranking @WellsFargo  exec that knew of this criminal practice should do some "serious" time.
