drops the mic with Trump fake U. reference. You are my idol Elizabeth Warren
loved that point too!!! She was fantastic!
I want to move back to Massachusetts so I can say she is MY senator (face beaming)
I am going to now say she is MY senator "once removed" like the second cousin rule :)
yes!! Totally!! With pride! We need so many more like her. I'm so worried..
I think America will need a giant Xanax daily to get through next 4 years. I might need to watch E.Warren videos as inspiration
We're all gonna have to stock up on box wine, Xanax, and chocolate
and lucky for me - medicated chocolate
You are my new HERO!!
That was an awesome job!!
@Greenow_ @YouTube so irrelevant #demexit #newfaces #newparty wrong side of history

this is so amazing. I truly hope you are planning to run in 2020.
it was baffling how incapable she was at answering questions
Yeaaaahhhhh, but not REALLLY.
it may have been worse than ben carson's
The Ds ANNIHILATED her. All the Rs did was tell her how rich and awesome and gracious to allow us her presence.Pffft!
burr was the most egregious. He seemed in awe of her and the sacrifice she has made to choose education as her calling
I have never seen such blatant obsequiousness at a confirm hearing. Heard she'd donated to some of them. No surprise.
she told hassan she has no knowledge of her mother giving to focus on the family. Right
IKR She had NO CLUE what Franken was talking abt even when he explained it to her. No familiarity at all. No exp
you are so RUDE,,,you only hear what your closed Liberal ears wanna hear!!! There's a new SHERIFF in town sweetie Bahahahaha
thank you for doing your job and refusing to back down in the face of this incompetence
- there is one very important question I'd like @BetsyDeVos to answer, why does she want the job?
you made a fool of yourself.
@sunny @YouTube amen 4 asking important questions @senwarren! @RepAnnWagner r you seeing this? LISTEN TO HER LACK OF QUALIFICATIONS #voteNo
what is reasoning behind her being selected by Trump?
Hero, thank you, Senator.
Came away from listening like I needed a bath.  U sounded so arrogant and holier than thou Pochanatas!
No. You attacked her re: her experience with a Trillion $ budget and her support of policy. It is not her job. Under Sec. and CFO
cheeky bullshit gotcha games...does 20 trillion count as fraud/waste/abuse Senator? You've had your chance. Failed. #hypocrisy
and the accompanying financial support to the schools of their choice.”pls explain. BTW, refusal to shake hands is not gracious
#lovewarrenshate
DeVos nomination all part of #MakeAmericaDumbAgain #betsyDeVos @SenWarren
Agree. I dont understd why any1 at Fed level has much to do w/education. Its the purview of State & Local govts!
Thank Senator Warren.
, @SenatorBurr is my senator.  What is the best way to reach him to request an explanation of how he feels #devos is qualified?
The nomination of BetsyDeVis shows how little Trump regards education... totally unqualified.
haven't you written this before?  “With fully funded vouchers, parents of all income levels could send their children —
 my respect Sen Warren!! Without a doubt your questioning demonstrated we have someone unfit for the Dept of Edu
please for the love of goodness, run for president in 2020
Thank you for all you do!
it was scary.  What really upsets me is he wants to take 240,000 teaching jobs but we are paying 150 million for his kid
good for you! keep up the amazing work and stay strong.
because those bears didn't coach her enough
why didn't you protect students under Obama's watch? 8 yrs of sky high tuition increases, fraudulent college degrees etc

Called your office today to ask you NOT to confirm DeVos and also to support the people you serve by NOT attending inauguration
I'm astounded by how little Ms. DeVos knows about public education. PLEASE VOTE NO!
@mdcolli @SenWarren Maybe she never went 2 school, just saying.

Too bad you rolled over on the extremely unqualified Ben Carson.  Shameful and disappointing.
THANK YOU Sen Warren
all you did was complain and talk!! You're supposed to ask relevant questions. Your inferiority complex was blinding!!!!
@BetsyDeVos doesn't give a damn about kids! All she cares about is MONEY.
it's like they aren't even prepping for these meeting! Are they that cocky & confident? DeVos had no idea. Thank you, Senator!
They don't have 2 would take a group of R's w/ spines 2 break rank & vote against them 2 stop their confirmation
you are a beast. That was amazing.
It was like watching a deer transfixed by headlights. Surprised he didn't nominate Mike Tyson.
Thank you! Please don't let this woman in office. I'm a republican and educator of 26 years. She will kill public ed!
I've read your paper on vouchers, 2003, praising the same stance she has. I guess you will confirm her.
We would do MUCH better selecting the financial aid manager from ANY public university than #BetsyDeVos. Thank you @SenWarren!
@NonaHarman @YouTube 
Give em Hell.
Will you and Bernie please consider running in 2020.
Or recommend someone.
Thank you.
#BetsyDeVos thanks for trying to drive out the truth and supporting people like this.  
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10107717068499683&id=2262615 …
https://www.facebook.com/AFTunion/videos/10154534444179160/ …
she may not be qualified but either are you. # Leave Washington
Go Senator Warren!  Attack!
Great job standing up for Education in our country!
AWESOME!!! Thank you!! Please keep going!!! Would love to see you in white house some day!!!
Thank you Senator Warren! Do not let @BetsyDeVos be confirmed! She is a horrible choice!
thank you for the tough questions
thank you for your fierce questioning of @BetsyDeVos re: college financial aid. Please keep up the good fight for pub. ed.
Hypocrit @SenWarren way to look like a total bafoon by not being a bigger person and shaking her hand. Hows the housing market in missouri?
BRAVO! Don't care much for the asshole keeping time. Dems=2mins GOP=3mins Nothing but GOP cheats/liars!
Love you Sen. Warren!!!!
bravo!
Pathetic choice!  Sad for children
Wow! DeVos unqualified and Uncommitted
ask yourself some questions about how you sold out !
please keep fighting! She is unqualified - doesn't even know basic education policy. Our kids deserve better #stopdavos
I guess you are content with us ranking 30th, get over yourself.
She was awful!!!  Thank you for not letting her off the hook.
thank you for the clear and honest line of q's. her silence was deafening.
@VAboybobby look at our baby go.
I love her
thank you for keeping her honest. We the people need to see who these nominees are and what their intentions are.
bravo!!! She has no concern for the people she would serve just like #Drumpf.. #DumpDevos #DumpTrump #Resistance
@mccomb_karen @YouTube  This woman's mocking, smug, forced smile in spite of her lack of knowledge about anything is chilling.
Disqualified!
you're my hero.
Trump may feel an obligation to DeVos due to her large contributions.  Sadly he is setting her up for failure.
Unfortunately, our children, at least those most disadvantaged, will be most likely to suffer failure!
As a substitute teacher, his is my greatest fear. We want every student to succeed.
Your questions were excellent.  I do hope Ms DeVos realizes she is out of her league and withdraws with grace.
@medjunQi @YouTube you are the best fighting evil
why are the Ethics forms not filled in?  What about procedures?  Great line of questions!
Senator, you were outstanding today at the #DeVosHearing  I couldn't admire & adore you more than I already do! #bravo #brave
Your questions fail to deal with the important matter of BEARS EATING OUR CHILDREN!
@BetsyDeVos all children & educators should b very scared 2 have this clown in office Her incompetence & ignorance is horrifying
vote no to Betsy DeVos!  #wewantbetter #notobetsydevos
can't even be civil and shake her hand afterward.
If you're concerned about federal funds being spent appropriately, try ensuring they're spent on Americans, NOT ILLEGALS.
-thank you for your strong questioning of Betsy DeVos. She is not a qualified candidate & our education system needs better!
@mustangmadd @YouTube
oh how I love that Trump lives in your head "Rent Free". #BetsyDeVosHearing  shows your inadequacy see positive change
and it was fun to watch...
please stop this woman. She doesn't even have the right education to run a school, much less the Dept of Education!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting the good fight!
love you Senator. Proud to live in MA
your attitude and your actions are rude. No class.
That was nothing short of "kicked ass"

As a physical therapist in a Special Ed school who is also paying off loans; thank you for your fight. At least someone gets it.
- I watched the whole thing. She definitely came off better during that whole exchange. You are incredibly childish. 
Thank you for your service - which includes your smart questioning! Unfortunately some people can't handle smart questions.
Da'am!! That was awesome!
You just knocked it out of the park. Thank you so much for your attack mentality, your diligence and your single mindedness.
keep up the great work you are doing!
You're responsible for #BetsyDeVos. You should've helped Bernie fight the Dem machine. But, no. You're a fake. Trump = your fault
@NadelParis @YouTube  thank you for holding her accountable to solid, specific answers. We need more like you ma'am.
Betty De Vos is a disgrace.
Yes but the Senate will confirm with just enough Democrats voting. Happens every time. Showboating - doing nothing.
and she failed, miserably. 
Thank you @SenWarren for being such a powerful and relentless voice for all of us!
Who made you the Pit Bull for the democrats? How about working for our country?
Thks 4 being so tough! Maybe best we can for is she's smart enough 2 stay out of a Federal pen...and t/f won't do too much harm?
#BetsyDevos @SenWarren Why did your crowd leave a mess for Ms DeVos? Why are  student loans in chaos & US k-12 ranks below other countries?
you owned her Ty :) My son goes to public  college next fall <3
keep up the good work!

The education in this country couldn't be more fucked up, even if DeVos knew nothing, she would still be better!
Pls no Dem confirmation for DeVos.  Even if she's a Dem she's unqualified & doesn't seem to care about all kids&parents.
she's a train wreck. #potentialgrizzlies
Thank u Sen. Warren! DeVos' cluelessness & inability to answer simple questions is alarming, esp. regarding special needs!
So you refused to shake the hand of DeVos, unprofessional and unpatriotic. Don't forget you are a elected official and a government employee
The lovely @AnnaAkana is a snowflake too? Which of the cats is enrolled in middle school and how is common core working for them?
How can she be confirmed when she was guilty of not paying her own school taxes?
Elizabeth, thank u 4 asking ALL the right Qs to DeVos! I'm a Pub SpEd teacher & I don't want her as Sec of Ed#NoToDeVos
senator, appreciate you doing the people's work.  #BetsyDeVos was unprepared and is unqualified. #trumpsamerica
#BetsyDeVos has more class in one of her toenail clippings than you have in your entire universe.  Go away #fauxahontas
why did you choose not to shake her hand afterward?  Al Frank shook her hand and had a whole conversation.
Franken. @SenWarren @YouTube
it's too easy to trip this woman up! Dear God what will become of our education system. Not to mention stance on disabled kids!
@skittlesonboard This mom of two young children appreciates you.
how difficult is it for Betsy to tell us what her plan is? How do you intend to go forward? Not qualified.
I wouldn't call accusations and attacks a set of questions: You might want to be nice to your new Secretary of Education: #MAGA
a self-serving pol trying to be the new "leader" of the radical left Dem party; she's going down
does a person have 2 be in debt in order 2 qualify for the job? I would rather have someone understand how prevent debt
Keep up the good fight.  We need you.
Did you tell her that the white man has oppressed you, and your ancestors demand you return their land to them?

One Word. Brutal... Murdered her
this was embarrassing - she was not prepared for you Senator. Good damn job! 
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up for us.
you were amazing. Keep up the great work and thank you
shes has as much experience to run EPA, DoJ, hhss too...which is to say: none
Thank god you are my senator! Make them cry, Warren, make them cry!
I applaud the way you held her accountable for her answers. 
Thank you @SenWarren ! 
Thank you for being an advocate for all americans!
Did you also talked about Indian students?
my hero(ine)!
I'll oops my bad
ummmm I get back to you on that take it from a Michigander's point of view the woman's ideas failed miserably here
LOL "How are You going to handle and protect students from all the debt We saddled them with?" Is the question I heard
WHAT A LEGEND
was that before or after you filled in Native American Heritage on the forms ?
Thank you for trying to protect us from DeVos and Price, even Trumpers who have no idea how badly they voted against themselves.
@usedgov @BetsyDeVos You know what I learned in public school? ATQ: Answer the Question! Thanks, Senator, for your smart ?s
you should have asked her what she thought about you fraudulently representing yourself as Native American.
You were awesome as usual. She clearly showed she's unsuitable for the job. Money can't buy intelligence.
- @alfranken questioning on growth VS proficiency was profound. I'm just a parent and even I know the difference!
I look at @realDonaldTrump Cabinet choices and  I hear, "Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job."
@LauraJaneGrace @YouTube DON'T HOLD BACK!
She is committed to the kids of those ppl she knows and other kids like them.
I didn't know about the danger of bears. Thanks Betsy Devos.
Ms.Warren,I absolutely love you..can u run for president in 2020
Terrible questions. DeVos' objectives have nothing to do with Trump's previous legal issues. & what's wrong with reviewing laws?
saw this video....followed you immediately!  you are AWESOME!
@RonHall46 @YouTube wow!
you haven't done any better that's why a new person has been selected...give who ever it is a chance regardless of the resume

You are so awesome. THANK YOU!
She went to shake your hand and you waved her off. You have no class or decency.
You should have brought the 'grizzly' moment up and made her look even more daft.
thank you for fighting for what's right! 
I really hope you run for President in 2020
You are a person of such class. Refusing to shake the nominee's hand shows a lack of basic decency.
get em'!
no Ma'am, you were condescending. No class.
@TrumpSisters @SenWarren @YouTube She is an ass
Keep making us proud!
I'm a teacher and I love your commitment to education and our kids...who are literally our future! Keep fighting for us!
