Such a liar
Who? Trump? Yes. Warren? Hell no!
One of the reason I moved to NH was due to people like Warren.  She's a socialist.
No she isn't. I live in NH but worked in Massachusetts for decades and lived there for awhile. What did she ever do that directly hurt you?
Taxes.  Now she wants single payer.   I just think she's nuts.
Taxes?That's your excuse? NH is 1 of only a handful of states in the country to not have taxes.I paid MA taxes.They were always reasonable.
No, I also indicated that she is for single payer, I don't agree with her stance on immigration or 2nd amendment. Too much like Bernie.
...although I do worry about the impact on competition, ie: better doctors getting better pay, etc.
Figures. Anyone who believed Trump would help working families were conned by an obvious con man. Idiots!
I think by now it is crystal clear Trump is a complete and utter fraud, racist, and incompetent buffoon. Nothing good can come from him.
It's been obvious since he hit the limelight in the early 80's. Astonishing anyone was stupid enough to vote for Trump. Seriously low IQ's.
@LaurieHosken Senator can you pls add a paragraph to the tax law that it does not apply to DT unless we see his tax returns?
Absolutely - until we see his tax returns nothing should even be considered. Like anyone would believe he'd do anything to help anyone else!
I can forgive ppl for voting for him. He's a conman. ANYONE who supports him now, I don't trust their judgement.
I feel the same, Steve. People bought into his original nonsense in spite of his vulgarity - they wanted change. But now BEYOND inexcusable.
If something doesn't change soon a lot of ppl are going to die. I hate to say that but it's pretty freakin obvious.
The situation is absolutely dire. 
I just don't understand why our elected officials do not hold the President, VP and the rest accountable.
Ya...uh...Puerto Rico needs emergency supplies 
Is it true DT is keeping members of Congress from visiting there?
No, members have been visiting
"White House is restricting members of Congress from visiting PR and the Virgin Islands"   
Uumm Washington Post ..today 
Catch up !
They are restricting use of military aircraft (to both parties) this weekend because the aircrafts are needed in relief efforts, but some 1/
Legislators have already been. This isn’t an issue of anything other than using resources properly.
Name them
I don’t keep track of congressional travel, but I know Rubio was there Monday. I think Gonzalez-Colon. Don’t know who else.
Rubio sparked the ban on congress
No!!
YOU NEED SPREAD SHEET TO EXPLAIN
No all your dem plans do that. He is keeping money in the pockets of the working American. Stop lying
Nope you kicked working class to curb long ago to allegedly help the poor which Dems are not actually doing. You're a hypocrite
Please explain
You find a--es had 8 years under Osama to do http://something.you  didn't so shut up
You had an opportunity to get us some serious tax cuts. What happened?
You know it's all about Trump and his Billionaire friends  so they can befit from a plan it's about them not you
Their game plan: Large cut for wealthy. Small cut for rest. Months later: oops, not enough $$ for programs. Must cut Soc. Sec. big time.
Working families have been on the curb forever. Taxes paid to Govt. will not put food in their mouths.
Will it!
Of course, it was to be expected, look where it comes from, better yet, look who's behind it. Shameful . . .
Surprised?
That's a LIE

Middle Class gets cuts too.

JOHN KENNEDY Democrat did SAME Plan as TRUMP

EDUCATE urselves, Libs
U dont know DEM History
Shameless liar. Change your tune. Nobody believes you morons anymore. Why do you keep losing elections after elections? Same BS message.
Of course it is. #1TrickPony
We love you Liz! Keep on getting the truth out to the people.
MMT....Stop the LIES
Of course it does. The GOP needs to be kicked to the curb. 
Its a good thing you aren't part of the American majority then.
Thank you....Elizabeth Warren educate these people who believe in trickle down economics.

How so? Eliminate State Tax, Raise standard deduction for ALL taxes $12,000 individuals,up from $6,350, and $24,000 married,up from $12,700
And...States give corp billions in grants, tax abatements, PILOTS/FILOT funded by taxpayers. This money ends up funding executives bonuses.
Yep, I Rembr as an employee going thru a class @ biggest US cell phn cos 2 keep updated n new tech.T co $1 M frm the state  4 tht class?!?
that is insane!
I wish you had run for president. You are great. But most Democratic politicians are simply lap dogs for Goldman Sachs, et. al.
It all depends on what u call lap dogs of the Trumpets will always say but the tide will turn and Trump will end because of his
And remember corporations are people!!!
Yep, as Romney would say while campaigning
Another fight ahead for the American people
Only idiots expected something better.
Did you hear all the stupid people cheering when he said he was eliminating the estate tax??? Unbelievable.
I wonder how many ppl there know wt the estate tx is and if it would apply to them
If adults yell, "Who wants "X"? Toddlers will yell, "Meeeee!!" And they yell it even if you yell, "Who wants shit on a stick??" Excitement.
Wouldn't expect it any other way.....rich getting richer and poor getting poorer
Bottom 40% pay negative taxes. Middle 20% pay 3.6% on average. Middle class needs better government much more than tax cuts!
I had no dout that was true.
What is his definition of 'middle class'? I seriously want to know. Those making over $150,000??
Omg Warren I think you ate paint chips when you were little.  You don't know what your talking about.
That means #trump lied at his rally when he said the tax plan was bad for him + great for middle class. Shocker!!
You @SenWarren should be all for it.  Talk to Jeff Kuhner @TheKuhnerReport lately?
Keep up the good work Elizabeth! Thank you for fighting for us!
Please fight the GOP on this disaster plan.
So when Dems were in control, where was the tax relief to my middle class family?
Of course. What did you expect? A fair bill with that group? Not going to happen. They only care about their donors.
Seriously @SenWarren can you read?  Gives individual taxpayers doubled standard deduction, how does that hurt us?
If U,Dem&GOP care about middle class& income inequality, tax on idividuals NOT Corp. Sould b20%<250k,25%<500k,35%<5mill,65% after. 4 10yrs
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Your such a Liar.  Your just worried sick that tax payers can keep more of THIER money and you get Less.  Get this; it's NOT YOUR MONEY!
LIES Warren is a pure liar
Stop lying
Don't mince words SEN Warren. Not working families are not "kicked to the curb" but "kicked in the groin".
That's a lie 
Yup
Republicans have always been for the very wealthythe democrats have famously been for the working man or womansocial safety net anyone
Sure Brian....those regular Hollywood slobs hob knobbing with the working class. Smh
This will self correct during elections. People are disgusted with R’s. Question is-when D’s are back in power, will U go back to old ways?
This woman creeps me out.

Dems had enrich themselves in office they are part of the 1% and they play the wolf on sheep clothes, start paying ur fair share, u r 
Believe you mean #TrumpTaxScam  not "GOP tax plan".
I didn't expect anything less, we all saw this coming.
Please fight this, Elizabeth,  I know you will!!
Wrong again
Do you support Luther Strange? Wow
*insert feigned surprise here*
As my grandmother would say: "So what else is new?"  The GOP hates anyone who isn't rich.
Bullshit
That's how he wants it, lower class families get nothing while the richer stay rich
How is doubled standard deduction on personal income tax return "nothing" for families? Not taxed on first $24k "nothing"?
Is growing and solidifying his base. Thank you making POTUS loved by WtP.
What is new?
Yes it does.
Thank U @Elizabethwarren Your Words Speak Volumes!!
Yes her words say "I didn't read the tax plan, but I'm going to obstruct it anyway" you'd know this if you read the tax plan
Anyone believe our politicians studied this bill (or any) enough to comment? Abundantly clear with “have to pass it to know what’s in it”
Nooooo!
Right? I was shocked as well! 
Does nothing of the sort
Only the wealthy believe Sanders and Warren are socialist.
So when @SenSanders calls himself a socialist, is he lying?


SO YOU SHOULD BE HOOD TO GO POCAHONTAS

Likewise cutting middle class taxes returns hundreds more in disposable income. Cutting millionaires' taxes loses $MILLIONS!
You never have never cared about people whom actually get up and go to work a day in your life
You're critique is so original
Why isn't it obvious that if you raise middle class taxes you get $hundreds.  If you raise corporate taxes you get $millions!
SUPPORT TRUMP TAX PLAN FOR THE GOOD OF AMERICA.
An effort to make the rich richer and thus everyone else poorer.  Progressive to regressive taxation at it's finest #Swamp #CorporateGreed
Everything you do and talk about is for self gain. Quit acting like you're for the people.
Keep fighting the good fight of Faith
If that were true, you would benefit the most. Quit your bitchen.
You don't care. You're one of the millionaires.
You like equality and fairness? Every American should pay the same tax rate whether it's 10 percent or 40 percent. Are we not all the same?
Liar
I believe you, I trust you. Now what will be done about the fairness of this tax"reform" that will last for another  25 years?

Wrong again Pocahontas
Lol you forgot to say all poor people will die. Lol. Your way does not work ever
Is this the sequel or prequel to failed Reganomics?
Seems on point for #cheetohitler
of course it does.
Breaking News: Rich Senator Warren has never paid a dime more than the taxes she owed.  But SAYS she should pay more.  Hypocrite.
Dude a tell the truth and quit fear mongering
You mean the working families already on the curb...
Your such a liar

Only fair tax system is lower all tax brackets by 10% and stop giving tax credits and returns. For less fraud and more assistance.
LIES...

I guess we have to hit the Capitol Switchboard. Call your Congressmen 202-224-3121, let them know they better NOT vote for this tax plan.
You tell me 1 successfully run democratically controlled city
When they said trickle down I didn't know they meant a #TrumpShower
THAT'S HOW IT WORKS,
Hey  Pocahantas ,  hail to the chief..  it's a rain dance.. woo woo woo woo hi   ya ya ya. N it's raining taxpayers dollars....
It does not.
You are a liar, and a thief. Taxing labor is immoral, and equivalent to slavery!
No surprise, he said he would do that... 'To bolster the economy' my ass
Trickle down doesn't work
Are you go again lying like a brown shirt
Fact check: False
Not true.  Let's see her give some real info on why she said this.  She cannot
So @realDonaldTrump has lied yet again?? No surprise
Hey Pocahontas, were you listening to the Presidents Speech? Maybe pull back the feathers from your headdress.
Warren is a Democrat,  she will lie to the AMERICAN PEOPLE  with a big smile !!!
Just like you do, Squaw!
How?
The @GOP has zero good ideas to help American families.  They don't understand Health Care & they don't understand the Economy.
You are being lied to by democrats
It's a little be o history repeating.
Roman Empire, anyone?
I'll just leave this right here.

https://youtu.be/9oD6cPJEd8s 
No surprise. Since Trump is involved that is all he knows.
The middle class must rear up and roar-- we won't take this !!!!!
The poor don't pay. The rich game the system. The Middle and working class's pockets get emptied
surprise?
Working families are already kicked and at the curb. What did u guys do for the past 8 years nothing so let him have his turn now
How did your retirement plan look 8 years ago? A lot of nothing? What's it going to look like after they remove your Social Security?
Don't like it than debate it otherwise get the hell out of the way!
Small businesses like us are working families too .We will take so happy .You don't feel kicked right?If so donate that tax cut you enjoy
Are you following CNN #thefakenewspeople
I would expect no less from this Administration...
The public must call them out on it. Just like ACA. Calls, emails, fill the streets.
I knw U foks on the Left arent the 'brightest bulbs in the chandelier' but try reading POTUS's proposal again no cuts for the 1%...like YOU!
Says the Senator from Taxachusetts. I will never vote for you again.
Do people just start lying?
I am shocked! Shocked, I tell you!! The GOP is harming the poor to benefit the wealthy?!?!
No, surely not!
What's your plan Liz? When are you going to file a bill?
The elimination of the estate tax is most certainly for the rich.
And farmers
GOP garrimandered districts to help themselves win elections. Now they want to garrimander the tax code. Bad. Must stop
You are so wrong
I don’t think so. The standard per person deduction goes from $6,000 to $12,000 or $24,000 per married couple. That is huge!
Bullshit
Unfortunately living in Ca , Bay Area , were all considered rich! Which I am not. Consider myself middle class, New bill no help
Well it's from 39% to 35%. A little relief. Should go to at least 33%
Tell them Sen Warren

You are such a negative w
What about small business owners? We pay high tax rates AND Amazon is killing us
That's the lie, they don't call you small business owners they call you the wealthy, but they only look at revenue not profit.
More Commie lies.
But, you want to keep the state/local tax deduction for your rich friends. How compassionate.
Of course. What did we expect?
Are you sure?
Get a brain Elizabeth!
How exactly is doubling the standard deduction "sticking it to the middle class"
That would impact high earners ability to write off their state income taxes.  Po folks don't have much write offs.
More lies. Any tax cut will have to come with spending cuts so goes against all #Dems stand for Could be the best plan and you will obstruct
Same old tire socialist anthem. Punish success.
That's not true. Did you read it?
Nope.  And neither did most of her tribe.
Same successful plan at Kennedy and Reagan put forth, executed and the country prospered from

But I guess it's different because it's Trump
You need to find another hobby! You're not the POTUS! Your tweets suck really bad. It's all like @CNN fake news! Smoke, mirrors & lies!
@Mark_Sheppard When corporations & the 1% DONATE they get tax cuts. When We the People VOTE, we get the shaft.
Stop voting democrat
Warren will repeat this 1,000 times. Remember, "Tax cuts to giant corporations" = lowering our highest on planet earth corporate tax rate
Nix it!
You have no clue how economies and tax rates coincide. None what so ever. Just a liberal hack from the deep state.
You are the most boring & unoriginal broken record politician. And a rich witch to boot.
No it doesn’t. Liar.
You're a millionaire. If you'd get massive tax cuts, doubt you'd complain. 45% of Americans pay no taxes; wealthy pay 55% all income taxes.
you should be quite happy about that, personally

Kicks? Why claim violence when not true?
Of COURSE it does
Senwarren and her party are in the same position the GOP was with Obama and...now you get it. How much will she save? This is funny!
Why do you always lie? Your voters are not as stupid as you think they are. Well, maybe they are if they believe you.
Why don't you just give your millions to the govt to pass out.
I'm shocked again. Damn they got me
Like I said. Dems are liers
Was there ever a doubt that's what their plan would entail?
Short answer: No. Long answer: Hell no.
Sen Pocahontas is first out of the gate with fake news and lies. Next up will b Chuck, then Dick, then Nancy. BO & Hill assail as well. Geez
Sounds like the one we have now, bring it on!
What's sad is the low income ppl being taxed more will call this fakenews & be worseoff &us fighting trump who have money will be fine-Weird
That's just not accurate.  Your are just spreading hyperbole.
Hmmm, I'm a working family member and I don't agree.
Prove it.
So not surprising
Nothing new abt GOP tax plan.
While they suck from the working poor, the rich get richer.
You had that tweet ready to go before even hearing what’s in it 
Corporations don’t pay taxes. They pass the cost on to their customers!!
Really? are you a CFO.  You think there is that much elasticity in price when competing with amazon.  That is so false.
Huh??
