The least likely to get Healthcare would receive it if left to the states. You are asking ppl 2 go backwards
You mean RomneyCare? Same thing on a national level but u can't unring a bell once it's rung
Fully understand different things needed not different states. Tried b4 & most ppl were left out now both states
Had a preexisting condition like my husband.  With waiting period you could have died.
YES THATS A CERTAINTY ! Health care is Number one we all need it no matter who we are in "OUR WORLD"  EVENthosewhoDEPRIVE OURS!!!
@realDonaldTrump is trying to save our healthcare! You are part of the problem! #repeal #repealobamacare #EnoughIsEnough
ACA SAVED MY LIFE SO LETS SAVE THE ACA
Thank you for being a great Senator and fighting for all of us in a difficult political culture! I'm with you!
Donald Trump started his path to make administrion a dictaroship. As predicted!
but you could skip this sham of an inauguration if you were willing to put your money where your mouth is. #StandWithJohnLewis
Stand with John Lewis. Boycott the inauguration of the illegitimate presidency of DJT!!
dumb liberal stance
you know you have ZERO followers, right?  #mute #troll #тролль
I see you adobted Hillary name Crooked
that was the plan all along wasn't it?!
no wand, but legislators elected by the people to serve their interests. you do know how to write legislation, right?
How many elected government employees is using the ACA? How many of you had your premiums, co-pays and deductibles increased?
Are they ever going to address the role the for-profit insurers played in failing us while reporting record profits?
Just do it!
No Actuarial science required @SenWarren @ericschmidt @amacker @MarkMelin by @SEC_News so US has no insurance.
Please stand up for females against female genital mutilation by Muslims in America.  Speak out!
#maga
so insurance companies can't compete for business?  We've gone too commie, is that it?
How were the people of MA fooled into voting you in? #LIARLIARPANTSONFIRE
thats the problem it.a not afordable
what about the F.E.H.B.P for everyone? It was a great program, well run. Works even insuring all those old guys!
the magic wane needs to be stopping the Middle Class from paying for this thru high premiums & deductibles. ACA is disaster!
Unaffordable Disaster Act with not a care for people in the world.
Ask Rev Owens walked with Lewis w/ MLK he stole from his district. Bad schools housing stole money's BAD
Lewis is a cheater stole from district. Call Mason Weaver knows Lewis real well. Bad man.
forget it ACA is a piece of garbage signed in at midnight get over yourself


Maybe we should put up a Totem Pole and pray to our ancestors.  #Nastywomenlose
Constant social media jabs are the way to beat #djt. Only way to beat a bully is to punch him in the nose. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
"Not Trump" wasn't viable campaign strategy; "Don't Repeal" not viable #SaveHealthcare strategy. Need #Keep&ImproveACA movement.
@TheDemocrats Start bipartisan dialogue to identify respective POTUS candidates & oust this embarrassment #DJT asap #ethicsmatter
No magic wand but smart people can repeal & replace.  Think about ALL people & not yourself for a change.
@lennymirra Not in DC, no, but at the state level we could implement single payer for MA residents
So what backroom deals were made to vote down affordable prescription act?
LOVE E Warren- healthcare is a right from FOR ALL
Yes there is and you will find out soon.
and that's what the people voted for. Deal with it.
the unaffordable act. Time to get some free market competition to bring the prices down and get rid of overpaid ceos.
Don't worry! I'll make the ACA GREAT AGAIN!  As soon as I get rid of Obamacare and we #lockherup !
THE GOVERNMENT HAS ABSOLUTELY NO RIGHT TO MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT MY BODY AND MY HEALTHCARE-WHY WOULD ANYBODY WANT THAT???
That wouldn't be a magic wand. That would be a curse. #OurFirstStand #savehealthcare

Look what premiums and copays are doing to citizens?!   People DONT go to the Dr. anymore.. can't afford to! Great plan, huh?
is lying & an example why people are fed up with DEMocRATS!! Even #slickwilly Clinton said Obamacare is a disaster! @FoxNews
Can I keep my doctor or go to the closest hospital? Will my deductible still be higher than the actual medical treatment?
http://nypost.com/2017/01/15/trump-promises-insurance-for-everybody/ …
Can you please address the 1200 premium and 10,000 deductable that people cannot afford?
No one cares what you think Pocahontas. You all brought this disaster upon us. If it's so great, why do you not have a plan?#MAGA
the outrage is people who will undoubted suffer from fall out as one system ends before full operation of another- planned chaos!
You LIE
supporting and standing with you. We need more who will hold DT accountable and uphold democracy. We elected a pres not a king.
You don't matter anymore.
But you are close to a fairy godmother..
Force DT to show you his plan? Don't take him at his whatcha ma call it "word"
If ACA is so great, why not give up your healthcare & get the "bronze" plan? 

No?

Thought so, Faux-cahontas.
looking at the posts from your minions, you really represent the worst America has to  offer. Disgusting.
Keep fighting
I wish there was a magic wand to make you go away,FAR FAR AWAY!!!!!!!
OH GOD YOURE SO RIDICULOUS go away
You're has an apostrophe, egg!
the better of ACA is the trust of the Great Physician-Dr Jesus, put the big 3 out of business! Just believe!
So you're admitting that ACA is not only flawed, but it poisoned the entire health care system? Now you're concerned?
you never had my respect... Carpetbagger,  never would have won if the decks weren't cleared for you... Pocahontas
God-King Trump is taking over now.  You just relax, Elizabeth.  Go out... get some fresh air.  Let him work his magic.
it will take a magic wave to get rid of that shitty system. It's hilariously failed
@akmk Either the laws within the Constitution means something &we get rid of trump and the swamp,or the Constitution is worthless
We don't want this high cost health care system.  I needs to go back to the drawing board and changed completely.
I want a wand to go back to before elections!
- if the sorry excuse for a Gov Mark Dayton says it is unaffordable, then you KNOW it's bad. #ObamaCareSucks  #ItFailed
I love the man who showed up at Paul Ryan's Town to say thanks to Obama for affordable care.
maybe we can at least get rid of you next time
it seems only the health care providers prospered under #affordablecareact how do you reign in profits and keep it affordable?
- too bad. Dems effed up when writing ACA now live with repeal. Some things liked by all. Rest goes.

Can you hear us now?
According to the Business Institute 5 states will have the same or lower insurance premiums.  All the rest will see increases.
@DanScavino That's ur response... can t go back so sure k it up~~ well cupcake it's that attitude why Ds loss 1000 seats~fubs
was there a magic wand that put it in place? What a stupid comment for someone that charges 400k to teach a course
#medicare4all isn't magic, it's the simple solution.
GOP will get this country out of the mayhem the dems put us in. Thank God for the GOP!
Better days are coming without this POS Obamacare. Onward and upward. Never should have been implemented. Major conundrum!
...that goes for the whole Trump "thing"....ya can't go back to 1950- it's gone!!! EVOLVE!!
@akmk The GOP~ERRAND BOYS FOR THE ELITE! SOULLESS, HEARTLESS, AND WRONG!
Lizzy, the wand is called Obamacare REPEAL ACT
you democrats really screwed us Americans over with this joke of a system
I wish there was a wand to go back to before you were here

Good gosh I would hope not! Now go put on your funny little pink hat and march on...
then you should not have passed it
wish there was a magic wand we could wave to go back to when Obama wasnt POTUS and you werent a senator #MAGA
that's the stupidest thing I've heard since the last thing you said!
Lizzy you remain Irrelevant and Obscure. Hillary dropped you, and we dont want to hear you. Just take your pandering crap and get lost

but we have to try. Unless you will help by giving up your millions
There is no way AMERICA can wave a magic wand and go back to the way things were before the ACA @SenWarren. Despite what @SpeakerRyan says.
there is a magic wand to,vote you out of office. Traitor !
can I come and sleep on your couch until you give me a staff writer job?
Don't worry, Trump has a magic wand. Just ask Obama.
Please let your constituents know how we can help in the #firststand
proof that Mass is dependent on Federal subsidies. What is the true cost and who pays nor Massachusetts benefits?  We voted Trump
no, there is not. the federal government is just cruel. But can MA (and NY....where I live) create better statewide provisions?

you need to try and control your party instead divide the country
fight them every step! Never give up.
That's not good. Kinda hoping some states might offer a better plan after aca goes...
Fight like hell Elizabeth!! You stood up against Greenspan and were punished for it... I've never forgotten about your courage!!!
hey Chief Spread Em BS, maybe YOU should of read it before signing it??!!
There's that magic wand reference http://again.You  libs never learn.
Stay strong Elizabeth!
trump just promised universal care and will changed Medicare part D to include negotiations
throwing your arms up, trash talking and refusing to fix a broken system doesn't help.
Nope, that wand waved will only cause death and suffering.
I am so done with you Elizabeth Warren. You REALLY need to put your big boy pants on and DO YOUR JOB which is NOT fighting POTUS
She's not fighting @POTUS .He doesn't leave office until Friday. What are you talking about?
She is fighting Trump on our dime.  She needs to stop fighting and start doing her job.
for 8 years the congress did nothing except fight obama.F.U.
<-another dumb, out-of-touch Dem who doesn't seem to know Americans can't afford ACA. Even Bubba said it was the "craziest thing".
with ACA our premiums are $364 a month, without almost $1000.
before mine was 1100, after 2400. Guess who is paying to lower yours apparently
thanks! I hope I can repay the favor somday
OK, vote to repeal ACA. Your reduction also cost two people their jobs. How about you pay the unemployment too
but it gave my daughter her life. I'll choose my daughter over two jobs that someone can get again.
you are so selfish to condemn many people for your own failure to help your daughter
I would gladly give up my job if it would save your child
that's nice, but that's not what ACA does. It makes massive insurance bureaucracies and helps only a small percent. 1/
. Senator, please don't worry, Donald Drump said he has a very good plan to Replace Obamacare. The Heritage's plan (ACA) for us
Sorry Warren, redistribution doesn't work, only in a socialist country like you and your friend Bernie support. Pathetic.
So you want to get rid of firemen, police officers social security medicare? All socialist programs. Interstates too
Absolutely, get rid of the corrupt Warren & pal Hillary Pay to Play. The special interests & donors own the DNC.
I don't disagree getting rid of http://sp.int  That needs 2 b done on both side but 2 take health is wrong
they are going to make health care better or they will be in trouble.
We have ppl like Warren and @BernieSanders fighting 4 us. U don't kill something unless u have something n its place
You know nothing you 'nasty" woman!Dems better get some "new blood" in their party!
it were better for the people before the so called "care-act".
I cry every time I hear @amyklobuchar And @SenFranken in this video. Please keep fighting! http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/senate-democrats-put-up-a-fight-on-obamacare-vote-853911619748 …
yeah.  That's why you should have read it first.
MA was F____ed long before that. Why do you think they live their lives through the Patriots.
but it will happen in a few wks. Many of us will go untreated. Our health will fail. We can needlessly due. Yes this will hapoen.
that is what the minority's vote chose
Unfollow Trumps wonderful twitter his head will explode (Ratings)
Dont have 2 follow 2 read them
Unfollow Now RT stop propaganda
You lost my respect when you voted against Mattis. Strong bipartisan support. Disappointed, Senator.
IT'S NOT F N AFFORDABLE!!!  So thankful you are #notmysenator!  #delusional #fauxahontas
Where was my Obamacare replacement cause it was unaffordable? 2300 month 12500 deduct
Dems: Keep ACA, get rid of the bad parts
Repubs: Get rid of the ACA, keep the good parts
Only difference is wording
Where was my Obamacare replacement cause it was unaffordable? 2300 month 12500 deduct
Absolutely support the repeal of the ACA *IF* we get medicare for all - Follow Bernie to the future. #savehealthcare ACA is crap
again
#
Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview
That doesn't mean we should settle for what we have. The ACA didn't work for many Americans. Every step forward, a step back.
bigot
how come you don't have any Obama Care Center
and that is exactly what Obama wanted when he lied and jammed it down our throats
There is. Trump has it. You, on the other hand, ...
we'll see, won't we. #NotMyPresident #Resist
Be careful with the pointed side of your safety pin, cupcake. #PresidentTrump
Thank you Fauxcahontas!
Just shut up and get out of the way. The law is dog shit and unaffordable....
yes there is
oh I forgot, your premiums were dropping fast before Obamacare right.
my coverage and premiums and copays were all better before ACA.
sure they were.
yep. Premium doubled, we lost all local doctors and my copay went from 10 to 50
I couldn't get insurance and now I can!  That's 100% improvement to my life.
"couldn't get" is probably a lie, selective or you were just lazy.
no,people actually couldn't get insurance or where being dropped when they got sick
Don't you mean Romneycare?  @SenWarren

nah!
Now is the time to push Medicare For All!  It's the only solution
Likewise the rest of America.
Leave Putin alone! -Trump
