Here's honest question. Is it truly in the Democrat party's best interest if Americans are doing well. No.
I wonder how safe & loved they will feel w/ your party's insistence on importing people who hate #LGBTQ so much they want to kill them?
VERY GOOD POINT MICHAEL...THESE CRAZY NUT JOBS IS MORE THAN A NOTION
YASSSSSSSSS  @SenWarren ....the LGBTQ community is up against the biggest adversary ever, with 45 in the White House.
Trump is very pro-gay. He is the most pro-gay president ever.... Opening doors for the LGBT community left and right.

You should check out this guy: @lucianwintrich.
They are a small minority of deviants. Should be treated equally as individuals not as s group. No more recruiting parades
Thank you

Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Ty 
Can you wear a red jacket showing that you are an actual communist, Comrade Pocohantes?
You forgot to wear your feather cap.
C'mon now Eric...If the senator wants to be an Indian(just 4 today) I think we should let her
Do you let males who I'd as female into the women's restrooms on capital hill? Practce what you preach.
That’s nice of you to do. But if I’m being honest I don’t think purple is your color. Just one guy’s opinion though!!
Please run for President.  We need you.
SHE MAY RUN BUT SHE WILL NEVER WIN! Trump 2020
LOL!  Trump will be in jail by the end of his first term. #Russia
Thank you! 
For what? taking a photo, saying I love you and wearing a blazer? This is what you expect from government?
Start with the US. Fight Trump and Pence and the vicious GOP with all you've got.
I new to all of this.  Please explain how the GOP is vicious.
Oh that is vicious, everything should be free.  #cantfixstupid
At least it looks like ur at work in D.C.

How much did #HarveyWeinstein contribute to your campaign? He didn’t make people feel safe or loved. You fraud
Why aren't you in Puerto Rico?
Happy to wear purple to be anti Bible & anti Jesus. Purple is the color of hedonism. Good job.
The red is more undercontrol and smart
Elizabeth Warren is one sick woman. How can anyone look proud to encourage anyone, especially children to follow the path towards hell.
You look like Barney
STILL FIGHTING...I AM BEGGINNING TO SENSE A THEME HERE LIZ...MUST BE THE INDOMINABLE ENTERPRISING SPIRIT OF AMERICA. LOL....STAY SAFE LIZ!
A Big Heart Felt Thank You for your Support @SenWarren
Except for youth who like Milo Yiannopoulos and other LGBTQ who like Trump. For those, I'm guessing you don't don purple, but pack a knife.
As many LGBTQ middle adults,even here in NYC,don't,in 21st Century closets,having never been taken under wing. #FridayFeeling #SpiritDay
Folding closets that form around you, after you thought you were out obvious & overdoing it. #FlashbackFriday #figureditout #aloneanyway
DoDEA students also need to feel protected.  45 years later no Title IX rights for students from military families.
Elizabeth, the purple brings out your Native American cheekbones, kudos!
Geoff Diehl is the only candidate for U.S. Senate who has saved taxpayers money.
Thiscquestion may be much for you when you get to the gate keeper of the kingdom you think he will let you in or turn you away
What about those in the high crime areas where so many young people are giving their lives just try to adulthood
I've seen what you all did to the Kleins.
keep shining light of sanity
Thanks Senator Warren
They would be safe in psychiatric hospitals getting help for their mental illnesses
step down u fake. you think just becuz u fake being a native american that we will like u. Wrong, #antifa will not stand for your lies.
Hi
Then provide them the opportunity for mental health care! They need it
Class personified!
im straight but love all my great humans love who you want.  n stand high in this great nation
So don't talk to me about values warren.
You have the guts to talk to Americans about values. You have no values. Nine months ago you were supporting hillary for president and she together with other democrats have no values. I can't hardly wait for her to be in jail. She and other like her have one comming.
No matter what color you were you look disgusted and fake.
Thank god your wearing purple! I feel safe now.
Happy Halloween 
Wicked Warren 
Only LGBTQ  what about all the rest of the children that don't identify?  Shouldn't this stand be for all those bullied?
I hate to break it to you but GOVT can't regulate or legislate what is in a person's heart. That is something they reconcile with GOD!
Thank you!
Thank You!
Honored and proud to have you as my senator!
Elizabeth Warren you need professional help!  Leave congress
Thank you so much for all your hard work! I really appreciate what you do for all of us in MA, as well as for the rest of the country!
Thanks Senator! All our youth deserve to live safe, loving and happy lives.
For every postive thing,  trump minions come back with nasty shit. Just like their potus,.
I love you, Senator Warren, and thank you!
I celebrate the lives of every American. I don’t pick and chose based on race, color, gender or sexual identity like you do
Like I said she's the devils helper and she's good one
Please seriously consider running for president. You remind me so much of my mom, one of the best people I know. You’d make an amazing POTUS
Repeal LGBT law
Nice to know people care.
Thank you senator @SenWarren!!! We appreciate all the great work you do.
I know that in 2019 the LGBTQ will be looking for a President that will stick up for them and not back stab them like trump did.
Thank you
Gong Show Love's purple. LOL
A real shame @IvankaTrump has turned her back in LGBT community now that election is over. Just like her lying father

 Distraction .. Or reaching out to the last remaining braindead Democrats? Hmmm..Both!

How many blazers do you own?  Fraud
Liberal hack!
No one cares about the hag!
How about you start fighting for everyone. Fight for ALL youth, quit trying to put everyone into categories.
Sound like vote buying to me.
It's also the color of Domestic Violence Awareness Month, which is each October, too. @NCADV
Thank you Elisabeth. #327
You wear purple to get votes not to support, you can only fool the fools.
Keep it up.
When are you going to be #POTUS ?
Never will be way too soon.
The purple revolution is real and goes beyond GLAAD.

Thank you! 
Less than 2% of the population - keep fighting Lizzy!! As for issues that impact all Americans - meh - too complicated.

That’s nice Liz but I’ll save my salute for the men and women in a uniform of the U.S. Military!
So you  don't think that The LGBTQ youth of America need to feel safe and loved?
I think without the military, you or anyone else will feel safe. The rest is you wording.
The point is ,that today is a reminder that these people matte& deserve love, And it should be remembered everyday.I support our Military
What color do you wear for the homeless vet, the abused child, battered wife, ptsd,.....these people matter too. What color? Ask Liz
Yes they do matter, I never said they did not.
Then expand your cause. I’m not condemning, wherever you look, you’ll see “help needed” although you may not hear it. Pick a color, tell Liz
For me it was that LGBTQ youth matter,in this tweet. I support all positive causes when I can. 
Great message!
That kind of demented thought process is killing your party! Thanks!
The only way wearing purple is going to help a kid is if you give the shirt off your back to clothe them.
The color purple will not stop harassment or any bad feelings. Its one thing to be picked on by another & its another to promise false hope.
Thank You Warren 
ur soooo phony
Then you should teach your liberal follows not to bully conservative LGBT members 
You are truly an inspiration @SenWarren
This is what a leader looks like.  #toxictrump should take notice
how are we going to defeat #TrumpFascism.  Wearing purple won't kill #Fascism
Great personality
If your queer keep it to yourself
freak supporting freaks!
Absolutely
Thank you for being an ally. My wife and I need to get out of the South and move to your state.
Welcome to Massachusetts. Come to the western part of the Commonwealth.  It is visually spectacular & socially & politically friendly
Just cuz your gay doesn’t make you special
Also it’s #PurpleThursday for Domestic Violence Awareness!! #DVAM2017
#ravensflock
You are doing great job..I love you, Senator  Warren.!
Thank you Senator Warren. By the way that’s a great color for you!
So happy to see you fighting for the rights of ALL citizens, Ms. Warren. Thank you for that.
And in honor of DV survivors
Lizzy Nicely said! What do u say about N Korea, Russia the things that spell life n death? I guess you can garner more votes the other way!
What about the @BarackObama Russian truth unlike @POTUS
Awe. So sweet !
Senator Warren, u can passionately stand for good and noble causes. But you’re nuttier than a fruit cake!!
We love you Ms Warren!
Your a fraud
We all know you are in the closet. Why not truly support them by coming out?
Good loony toon color. Perfect
You might want to let them know that the Muslims you support like to kill them.
They should be taught to read the Bible; repent and re-frame from sexual perversion
fascists have inflicted damage on GLAAD too long! we need our own political party! #lgbt proud
I will agree with you...on this.
A Warren administration would be all inclusive. Please run in 2020. You are loved!
Indian
politicians are so pathetic, why can't we get term limits?
You are awesome, Senator Warren. 1000 bows to your good work and compassion.
Thank you.
I never heard of this. Thank you. I'm off to raid my closet in search of a purple outfit.
U will fight for anyone that will vote for U. That why u don’t fight 4 hard working tax payers bc they know your full of crap
LGBTQetc people should be not be bullied. But is all this really necessary. Seems more like a promotional campaign than anything else.
Pocahontas,why do you support teaching babies that it's good to be attracted to another little boy or girl? Sick!
Where do you get your jackets? It's your signature style. Every color too.

Stop pandering
Good for you, Senator. However, don’t you think it is time to drop ALL labels and just treet everyone with respect and dignity?
This is a harmful way of seeing things. It means you don’t notice the discrimination that LGBTQ folks face.
Lol these confused children need so many special days to make them feel special. And you're trying to tell me they're not special needs?
Wearing the purple blazer I call my Elizabeth Warren jacket (because I feel badass and powerful in it).
What do the liberals offer? In order for them to win back the WH in 2020 they must convince people to vote for them. What is their message?
You look stunning!

How does it feel to go up against mark zuckerberg for the 2020 Democratic nomination
It's your color! Beautiful!
I would wear purple everyday if known liars were ejected from the Senate. Here is a picture of one.
A day off from bashing trump?
Why don’t you look into the Clintons and Obummer?

Gay
Way to pander Pocahontas
If God is merciful you will not be reelected; this is more divisive than white supremacy.
Transgenderism is a mental illness! DNA does not lie.These freaks can mutilate themselves till hell freezes over! Won't change their sex!
Hi silly! Science says you’re wrong. Do you also think the earth is flat and rain is just God crying?
WTF science r u studying?  DNA is DNA, DORK!
Ppl are xy, xx, xxy, etc. so even if you count sex without gender, there’s still more than 2. Dork.
Oh my!!!!
Ur old and been there to long. Go retire do the US a favor. Your a divider
This is the face of the Democrats leadership. Trump 2020

Where is your indian headdress?
#
Where is your heart??
Pandering Purple looks good on you.
