You know better than to trust them.
Them being trump?
And his entire cabinet.
This is not true & you know better than that. with #IranDeal US only embolden mullahs of #Iran & they expand their terror network in region
وطن پرستیتو قربون 
Shame on your patriotism
Oh now I'm the terrorist!  Tell me Who's feeding ISIS
then DO something about someone who doesn't listen to "the best" sources #25amendment
The President is a danger to us all.  When are you all going to get moving on that situation?
We are being pulled in the an Sunni-Shia religious war in the middle east
We all know this has nothing to do with Iran. It's about erasing everything Obama did.
Eggzactly!
Do you believe him? Do you even know the terms? When will they have Nukes?  Why are they testing missles? Why do they support terrorism?
careful holding a mad dog up as some kind of exemplar of sanity.
Seems whatever his so-called advisors advise, #45 does the opposite.
Why are you stalking my timeline and my DM?
It would seem POTUS is so over concerned with removing any aspect of previous Admin puts country at serious risk and doesn't recognize that!
POTUS= incompetent, WE NEED TO implement the 25th Amendment its never been used before, yet we have never been in such chaos before.
No, Iran is not sticking to the deal and have violated it many times you lier.
Trump is a traitor he shows it over and over again
He NEEDS to be replaced ASAP the 25th Amendment NEEDS to be brought into play immediately.AMERICA DESERVES TO BE REPRESENTED RESPONSIBLY NOW
I think it is the "terms" of the deal that the @POTUS does not like.
LIAR
Trump is dangerous to OUR COUNTRY, tweeting in the middle of the am IS NOT THE WAY OUR President should act. He needs to take this seriously
The one in the White House wants to start a war; as distraction for all his other problems, simple as that...
Clearly, the truth does not matter anymore.
That has nothing to do with Trump's decisions.  He makes up his own facts and impulsively goes with whatever he thinks at the moment.
Check your facts.  59.31% came from out of state.
Ask General Mattis his thoughts on Trumps conversation with the "President" of the Virgin Islands LOL
Nice little dog you have there How many do you have?
Thank you. One. She’s a http://www.allshihtzu.com/how-to-pronounce-shih-tzu …. I named her Mushu, after dragon in Mulan.  Hates her dragon Halloween costume.
Only once. Wore those boots in the snow.
Yep.. it was.  Widely lauded and progress as being made.... until a Moron entered the Oval Office.
Iran complying? Only half of the story. WAKE UP ELIZABETH Its because of YOU N Korea happened Now Iran too. RESIGN NOW
When a president doesn't listen to his generals he risks the security of our nation!
Well if its good for "security", then we should ignore whats right, until the theocratic lunatics have their own arsenal of nukes...
If this was a deal Bush had made, or Trimp, you'd be screaming how awful it was.
And don't you know Muslims never keep their word when they make 10 year deals. Don't you know history at all.
You were expecting a coherent decision from the White House?
Not true. More fake new. You're funny, Pocahontas.
My goodness you all are freaking crazy! He literally said that. Let me help you “fake news” bots.... https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4684438/defense-sec-mattis-sen-king-exchange-iran-deal …
Is Russia behind this decision? Are they pulling his strings ?
#DotardTrump is clueless Snake #Kushner ordered him cause #Crazy #Netanyahuuuu can’t sleep at night since this Deal was signed!
Only a moonbat do nothing would allow the Iran deal to stand
Trump does not listen to his people! He runs around like a mad man, I'm pretty sure he's getting more crazy!

When
Mississippi Unlearning https://twitter.com/aldotcom/status/918891089653895168 …
When?
Every mother - and everyone who isn't a mother - should be furious about this happening to any child, anywhere. 2017: https://twitter.com/theroot/status/918949490005966849 …
So when does the House and Sen. Intend to stand up? https://twitter.com/davidaxelrod/status/919200499991220224 … Citizens are dying (PR).Children, elderly, poor uninsured? When?
In nine short months, this @POTUS has transformed U.S. from respected global leader to isolated, mistrusted outlier.
Yet the idiot in chief signs paper withdrawing us from it. POS GOP #MidTermsMatter
Trump wouldn't tell a lie, would he?
If the Iran deal  is so good how come Congress didn’t ratify it??
Let's not & say we did. How about when your party wins something you can make the rules. Until then stop the lies that liberals r known for
Anybody that trusts Iran with more than a bb gun is psychotic.
Our ex-military presidents: honorable. If Dunford, Kelly, & Mattis held the Oval Office, the War Room & nuke codes, maybe we could relax.
DO SOMETHING....ARE WE WAITING FOR OUR COUNTRY TO BE BLOWN TO BITS.
Elizabeth- Where is your fire?! Please be YOU and blast a hole in the GOP agenda.
And Sen Warren was no where to be heard!!!
Trump is making decisions that demonstrate his incompetence and extreme lack of fitness to serve! #Impeach #25thAmmendmentNow
T's "spirit of the deal" talk is just proof he is doing this for no other reason than b/c he said he would.
Dumb & dangerous move by T.
Whatever happened to listening to the generals?  Oh that's right - President Moron knows more than his generals.
Since neither Mattis nor Dunford set policy what does it matter? #LIEAWATHA #LiberalHack
Did you tell Trump that? It won't matter, how he can dismantle everything President Obama has done keeps him up at night. #OBSESSED
#ImpeachTrump
Please stop this maniac from starting WW III!
We should never signed this “deal”. Another democrat screwing!
Reportedly Trump got advice on Iran from John Bolton & Sean Hannity. Guess Beavis & Butthead were busy.

IRAN DEAL BENEFITS IRAN NOT AMERICA HELL WITH IRAN. IT IS MAGA OR NOTHING.
#25thAmendmentNow
Doesn't president dumbass know if he takes the deal of the table they can make a damn nuke in a week
so why @realDonaldTrump are you lying about why you want to renege on the deal that your own peeps say is being complied with?
Are you 3.125% sure Iran was complying with the terms?
why is he systematically isolating the United States from our allies - and can't Congress do something to stop him?
and you said you were part Indian,,,,, all three wrong....
.@potus says he "knows more than all the generals, believe me.".

When @realdonaldtrump says "believe me", that makes it extra, extra true.
You're talking facts.
Facts or so 2015.
No talk about Harvey
Trump just cares about obliterating anything of Obama's legacy. It doesn't even matter to him if it hurts his own base (i.e healthcare).
Keep going, girl.  We're behind you.
Go bake some bread for your husband!!Leave the politics!!!
since when did u ever listen to what any republican says ??
Someone turn off #WickedWarren’s leftist auto-pilot.

@SenWarren, we didn’t pull out of the deal.

You weren’t elected to spread #FakeNews
Mattis is not the PRESIDENT what dont you understand Poco?
But Dumbest said otherwise
Trump considers the military his new toy and he just wants to play with it.  He doesn't care how many will die.
But the DayCare Center Attendee knows better.
Just another example of #CrazyTrump going of on another of his random witch hunts. #Trump #MAGA

Yes they said, but can they convince DT that they really know better? After all his IQ is higher than anyone's.
Stop criticizing.. Propose your side
The President doesn't let facts, critical thinking, or common sense get in his way
If it was so great Liz why didn’t you push for a treaty?
This situation did not call for a treaty. This arrangement allows the signatories to immediately renew sanctions if its violated.
We need a new president.
Ya think?
Wish you were President, right now! Thank you for what you do and your articulate strong stance against injustice. We need a re-do ASAP.
SENATOR WARREN IS A FULL COMMUNIST WORKING AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND AMERICA.
Would of been better for if we didn't enter into the deal to begin with
#RussianSanctions Now
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RepGoodlatte @ChuckGrassley @SenJohnMcCain @tedlieu @TheDemocrats #25thAmmendment
It's very scary how quick the Democrats will side with a Terrorist State.
Secretary Mattis said it’s good for our national security to stay in the #Irandeal. Chairman Dunford said Iran was complying with the terms.
he has a seething hatred for barak obama. there is no other excuse.
HATING OBAMA JUSTIFEID OBAMA GAVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OBAMA CARE WITH CODE ICD9E978 DEATH BY GUILLOTINE.
How much of that plane load of cash did you receive?
Let us know what charity you will donate Harvey Weinstein $5000 contribution to you. Hoping it's not the Clinton Foundation.
Which is exactly why the is  a #25thAmendment . Heaven help us, we're headed down that drain. #Iran @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
But, the man in the @WhiteHouse needed a headline so...
Not good enough
There's your Alzheimer medication isn't powerful enough. Keep up what's so hard about that Iran isn't keeping up. North Korea again
So where's the condemnation and plan of action from @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr and republican lawmakers?
Yeah but Shelly adelson doesn't want it and Trump only listens to his campaign contributors.
If madam you didn't know you're just puppets of Zionist masters and pro-Israel Saudi lobbyists
Mattis has wanted to invade Iran for years.
trump is either playing with 1) a stacked deck or 2) NOT a full deck! BELIEVE ME
But cheating crybaby Dotarding Donnie knows better.
so then congress  can continue with the deal if congresses  chooses to do so !!
How many inspections have you been to, Pocahontas?
Elizabeth, you dummy, you weren't even listening to the speech. We haven't pulled out of the deal yet. Shut up and get to work!
You're a complete idiot if you think they are complying. Thank you  sweet Jesus for never allowing this woman to be commander & chief.
Dear Senator there's a deep depression over the US. There seems to be no hope of stopping a lunatic POTUS. Help
Doesn't matter what actual experts say or tell him. He actually 'thinks' he is smarter than they R, we're N big trouble.
You're acting as if you're bringing us breaking news  ... Now, tell us what you are doing about this, and then perhaps we can talk #Useless
Tiny Tool Trump is a lying effing moron.
Trump said it was negotiated by a black man and his goal is, dismantle everything that black man did while in office, even if it kills sick
Can anyone explain why we have to make changes to the deal?  Other than it is an Obama legacy?
How’d this work out?
He does not care. Obama did it so he’s undoing it
Apparently they don't care about spiting Barack Obama the way dotard @realDonaldTrump does.  It's really that simple.
... but the 'spirit' in Hillary's email server!
45 wants a war at any cost and doesn't give a rat ass about the American people or the people of the world
But Trump said all that matters is what he thinks.
We Agree with Mattis
We could give a fuck about Iran.
Sean Hannity said no.
Obama and you said I and wife would save $2.5K a yr on my Healthcare. It ended up the complete opposite. $6K more per yr.And lost Ins. Comp.
Make it go away!!
Everyone knows that Iran is in compliance. Another example of his bigly brain going on hiatus. Plus he didn't know he was pres of USVI!
American foreign policy run by @StephenMillerAL  Our country needs to remove these scumbags quickly.
Yeah... That's a good thing.
Yah!  But the Moron thinks he knows better
Every Senator and Congressperson not actively working to legally remove this mentally ill child from power  is in violation of his/ her OOO.
For my children, do something!  Impeach this madman.  This will end badly.
Mrs. Warren will you please run as a Presidential candidate in 3 years?
The smartest  minds "in the room and around the world" Agree. Iran   has complied. The LEAST INTELLIGENT voice must stop. GOP DO YOUR DUTY
And @GOP and @GOPChairwoman are lying about it, stating Iran violates the deal, but not giving specifics as to how
They never give any specifics about anything!! #nospecifics
We have a potus who is extremely dangerous to everyone on the planet!
And how much did Iran donate to his personal charity! And how much have they donated to your campaign funds!
But we have an insane moron calling the shots, and all you and colleagues do is talk. Honor your oath. Take steps to legally remove him.
Good for our national sec. to be ready in a second for someone's decision to nuke us !!!  Many enemies we have.   :-(
Staying with Iran deal is US strongest option.  Loss
will allow Iran to power up.  US will loose 'face'. World already think Trump as joke
If you won't run for President, we need someone like you.
Why is Gen. Kelley allowing this clown#45 to decertify the Iran agreement? Did the Israelis have some play in this bad decision?#Remove45now
So,  it's up to congress as it should be.  Do some work and take a position on record
We’re dealing with a vindictive man who won’t rest until he’s undone every good thing O accomplished! Talk about raging jealousy/lunacy
So who’s going to yank Nero out of the Oval Office before he burns everything down? #RESIST! #ImpeachTrump
Warren put Trump in office, so why you telling her?
To have every Major Company; to clean - up a 4 block neighborhood. Get the Top Ten Issues Done. Make the plans, tpye them up and send 
Please tell John McCain. He is still singing that same ol' bomb bomb Iran song!
IMHO, if can survive the ignorance, righteousness, and paranoia we bathe ourselves in every day, we can achieve anything.
You trust the Iranians
Who's advising jumbo n chief anyway? 25th amendment!!!! Please hurry Special Council Mueller
Are we even surprised ??? Jesus it hasn't even been a year yet !!!!
What’s reason or facts for a Dilettante-in-Chief?? Today is a black friday for US politics.
Well, it is Friday 13th!?
nah, that’s too easy. By that the nightmare would be over soon.
I thought the nightmare was on Elm Street!
too easy
Yea but all Trump hears is "Obama signed the deal" so he wants it gone. That's the basis for his presidency: whatever O did, undo it.
An excellent plan!
Wow. Thanks for the news update. How about you tell everyone what you think of the original deal and if Iran is in compliance. We'll wait...
When will congress act to remove the most dangerous idiotic President out of office. He is endangering all our troops and Americans abroad.
lady your a joke,only in mass could you get elected for anything,your a crook,and a circus sideshow,no normal person,cares what you say,ur
Iran paying you part of that 150 billion?dunford is a dupe. Go get your meds
Maybe you should have done a better job at being a US Senator and debated a damn treaty
You know, Article II Section 2 "Advice and Consent of the Senste" and stuff. Just say'n
You have staffers that know this, right?
There's a Madman at the helm
Wrong
Impeach the bastard or he'll kill us all. He is a bigot racists clueless and hater of President Obama's GREAT SUCCESS.. SAD
Even the UK said Iran was complying
Sure, but the Moron-in-Chief knows more than the generals...
Please stop him! #Impeach #25thAmendment
Maybe you can ask trumps caddy to speak to him since he'll surely be golfing all weekend
And the President, for maybe the first time ever, lied unabashedly.  Well, maybe not the FIRST time. Or the hundredth. DJT mouth moving=lie
tRump has made the USA the laughing stock and ruining are credibility and his own Brand now too. Who will ever sign contract again
I say they were part of it & that's why! UR soon to be unemployed!
Why aren’t they impeaching trump yet? Most of us know he is unfit. Do you want me to make a list of all that he has done lately to hurt us?
Ok that explains it, sadly.
Keep #Irandeal Help #PuertoRico Save @Obamacare disaster TK w/@realDonaldTrump deal = no coverage 4 #Cancer
You're Pathetic! Just Pathetic! England appeased Hitler prior to WW2. That worked well? Iran takes our money & uses it against us! Wake up!
AMERICA FROZE IRANS MONEY
More Iranian funded Idiot Twtter Dbags! U.S. Froze Iran money because they took our people hostage! We owe them nothing! I BLOCK Dbags!
