Well the battle is not over he willing to go against the Congress and Senate and destroy democracy to have his way he don't care @SenWarren
WHY ISN'T EVERYBODY YELLING ABOUT THE FACT THAT OBAMACARE STARTED AS HERITAGE-CARE FROM THE CONSERVATIVE HERITAGE FOUNDATION?  #BLACKtouched
Thank you for fighting for the American ppl.
Who are you fighting for?
She is part of the 1%.
You have already made healthcare worse in America with Obamacare now you want to completely destroy it with single payer
of gun control, inner city violence,help for Puerto Rico? Incomprehensible! Trump with his paper towels- he'll be out to California to put
Definitely!   We need bipartisanship to get this done.
Give us the insurance you have or you go on Obama care ?????
Bos. Childrens Hosp. will not see Masshealth kids, reserved for only people with private insurance. 
Demand equal access!
#incomeinequality
Time to "flush the toilet "
Drain the swamp--- trump is the swamp
Your a busy http://body.lol 
This is a good week to use the Metric System, Metric Week October 8-14, and Metric Day October 10.
At least they do not support abortion.

You realize that you can not remarry after divorce, right?  Truth is life eternal is followed.
Time to go old lady
Thank you for fighting for us
Looks like Hillary's sister
Thanks Senator Warren.  I will call Portmans office again.  We need to fix ACA not kill it.  You rock!  Keep up the good work!
Forget Trump and the GOP for a second and see why Masshealth members can't be seen at Boston Children's Hospital.
Hop-along Cassidy- erra catastrophe and  GRAHAMSlamCracker have priorities where they sit. And Trump & GOPenises-FocusedOnAbortion instead
You were raised to be very annoying without Uncle Sugar Sam's healthcare. Why inflict it on the rest of us?
Nope, we are on opposite ends here.  I believe in free markets and capitalism, you want social medicine.   We are in America for God’s sake!
Concur completely.
#MAGA
Medicare/Medicaid are socialized medicine. Against them? Police, firefighters, social programs paid through taxes. Should they be private?
Yes, they should be privatized so they are more efficient and less costly.  Name 1 efficient government socialized program?
Where were you Senator Warren; when the ACA disaster was passed forcing me to change plans and doctors with soaring premiums & deductibles?
Never mind that GOP reps put up so many walls it hindered full ACA implementation/participation, esp in “red” states
EXACTLY.  Had it been implemented as intended, and had all the governors taken the Medicaid money, there wouldn't be all these problems.
That would not have made any difference in rates at all. Medicaid is insurance for the poor working class not people already insured.
Medicaid money was made available to the states to subsidize ACA
insurance policies purchased from insurance companies to benefit the poor.
Out the wildfires with a waterpistol. Without a doubt the worse president I American history. Jimmy Kimmel so correct:StepDownTrump!
I in in the the the
Have a powwow Liz. Make bad medicine. Everything will turn out. Ya-Ta-Hea
You are lying!
Thousands of kids in MA their BCH specialists. The state is cutting cost by cutting kids access to care.
#masshealth
#bostonchildrens
Democrats are very short on facts.The bill is taking healthcare away from the federal govt (Socialism) and returning it to individual states
I was not aware that states did not have governments so socialism could not occur there. Thank you for adding this fact to reality.
Try again, in English. Your Slav is terrible.
You're clearly in late stages now. Save Obama care the money and have "a friend" hit you with a shovel a few times. Or do it yourself.
Now that I'm in your head Nancy . . . my, my what a mess. All those mommy issues and no time to fix them.  for yourself.
You think you're in my head and that I am Nancy?  Those messy sadistic maternal projections of yours can't be helping you with the ladies.
No, you are a Nancy. Man term. Oh yeah, quit using big words in inappropriate ways. Makes you sound iganant, like Warren.
Iganant? Were you ironically trying for ignorant? I guess you can claim success then. Is Butch trolling for Nancys on Twitter?  Naughty boy.
Whats wrong with the bill? Why arent you fixing the bill. Dont you want the ppl to have affordable insurance? Your pathetic.

Save us from Warren!
You go girl!
thanks to you.
Maybe u should should be equally concerned with all of the people that have been harmed by Ocare, but that isn’t the narrative u want 2 show
YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO ALL OF US WOMEN.. PLEASE RETIRE @SenWarren
It  gives us UN-AFFORDABILITY!!  Poor coverage and Co-Pays that would  break us But of course that's OK Because WE PAY FOR YOUR HEALTH CARE!
#YesWeCan #KillTheBill
CHIEF CRAZY BAT SHEEEAT
What about the rest of the country that can't afford healthcare that the democrats pushed on us I guess they will die because ACA
just vote it in dumb a--..
Then make it better
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up for us! John McCain and a few other Republicans are standing against this for a reason people!
Mar. Warren, justify why the little people can't  get the same benefits you guys of Congress get?
Easy for you to say. You don't have the pathetic healthcare the rest of America does. Shame on you and your party for not helping us all.
Thank you for being you & protecting our healthcare!
You have no pressure to apply. Be honest with your constituents and stop grandstanding.
Since you are a millionare and get free tax payer health care. Why do you care.
"Thank you", Elizabeth Warren, from many concerned Floridians!!
Please do everything you can Senator Warren.
Well "LYING AMERICAN INDIAN WARREN" if your against it I sure as hell hope the Senate passes it because the crap you were for was obamacare
Warren for President. You will get my vote and as many others that I can persuade.
SUPPORT THE GRAHAM-CASSIDY HEALTH CARE BILL.
We must keep the pressure on to make sure Elizabeth Warren is not reelected.
Go back to your tribe. Who asked you to speak.
This is our family's healthcare plea, Sept 25th edition. Please feel free to share. We give up our privacy to fight for healthcare. Thanks
Learning to tweet, forgot hashtags. #OurFamilysHealthcarePlea #aca #GrahamCassidy #trumpcare #IDontWantToDie #Porphyria #OrphanDisease
Still learning. #RareDisease #TrumpcareHealthcareImplosionPlan #PreExistingCondition #MentalHealth #WomensHealth
Why is it legal for the GOP to harm Americans for profit from the koch brothers?
If you don't listen or read anything else about Graham-Cassidy you must play this video complete with closed captioning!!!
You are too kind calling this flaming truckload of excrement a disaster.  It must be stopped!!!
Please run for President
You're a typical psycho liberal.  Only libs will follow someone who thinks they are an Indian when they aren't.
Elizabeth, please give us the government healthcare you enjoy; free and for a lifetime!!!!
So now John McCain is your hero. Sad sad sad
Actually I pay 1400 monthly familly plan for 3 and I have $3000 on medical bills seating on my desk. I think we are all screw up.
I wish you were my Senator. I text&fax but I know it won't matter to Burr&Tillis. I'm depending on 3Rogue Republicans to Save us!
Well done Elizabeth !
Bye Elinor!
Pretty photo
What Pressure? So far Public Demos. haven't changed any Republicans but 3-4. May be enough. Nevertheless current "pressures" = low yield.
Please Listen, Act, Call
Keep up the good work, Senator.  We're with you.  And thanks.
Yes it would be so tragic to move power back to the states, away from DC. Even worse, PAC money would follow. Is that the disaster you fear?
Hopefully the empty bookshelves behind you are an indicator that you changing your mind about 2018? Need boxes?
there goes Pocahontas again....
AMEN AMEN IN JESUS NAME
Warren is a lying sociopath same as Hillary
Go away
Instead of fighting the Republicans, get off your collective asses and help get an affordable healthcare bill.
Warren is worth over 200 million. She is real 1% er. Obama multi millionaire, Clinton's too. 8 yrs if Obama, warren & Clinton what it get u
In the mean time are we doing everything we can for Puerto Rico?
What?
Keep up your "bulldogged" influence with Republicans to keep ACA.
Bottom line Dem's Want single payer.without government dependence they have no votes.keep us down, they keep our votes WAKE UP PEOPLE!
Your persistence in deceiving Americans about OC is appalling and reckless.Your constituents will hold you accountable come election time.

Go Elizabeth.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for fighting for us!
This bill needs to pass , Obama care is a disaster
Yeah stop the bill #takeaknee today then back to #trumprussia.
If @SenatorCollins  or @lisamurkowski are just looking to force a vote to the record,they should at least say so. "Leaning no" is not enough
Again @SenatorCollins  and @lisamurkowski  can end this now with a single word. Why they hold the national interest hostage is behind me.
Keep up the fight. McCain good at playing games. He sold out in Vietnam No trust

Vote out all GOP Reps sabotaging and voting for ACA Repeal
.
Pocahontas,  move to Russia and take Bernie with you.
Vote Diehl !!  Fraudulent Warren !! Not my senator !
Go Elizabeth
This is a disaster! This is what it costs my family! What your plan? You are a millionaire I'm not We need help not lectures!
I truly hope you keep the pressuare on. Leave the AFC alone. TRUMP CARE so much worse.
What you want is a single payer system so as to have power and control over the ppl. Ppl you only care about for votes to keep you in office
You in Congress do your best to stop this nightmare, you can do it!!! Gain those votes and show them that we are against.
The real disaster is Obama care! We do not want it or a single payer system. Which is what you & All Libs are trying to make happen
Thank you!!! Please keep it going! #shepersisted #KeepACA
She stands for the illegals not for Americans. She's for the party not the people. She is the #swamp. This is what we need to remove from DC
Pocahontas  sorry your a liar. Can't be trusted 
This bill is a mess! The Senators that believe it is better are confused. Improve the ACA; if you do not understand how to do it; ASK!
So you are trying to save payoff money, ect from O-care that you have enriched yourself and other democrat support groups?
Dear Madam you are a phony from head to toe.
you know i have a much better plan for all
http://www.bauerforpresident2020.com  stop the fighting
Let's keep Obamacare
Also Dems do something to make sure ACA  enrollment is open 24/7. Price is repressing enrollment. Need ad buys & computers up
And the bookshelves are empty.

#WhatHappened
#TakeAKnee with us. Please tweet a picture kneeling and say: "I #TakeAKnee"
You need to get the crazy out of the Whitehouse.
Love her
With a Straight Jacket & Duct Tape
You are as phony as your heritage claims, Pocahontas. I have my CDIB card; where is yours?
If Elizabeth Warren is such an advocate for Obamacare why doesn't she have it?
Republicans play to win. Let's beat them in their own game #aca
We should keep the pressure on to encourage you to leave office, and find another line of work. Your mere presents is filling up the swamp.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bra.styles.design …
What should be done is for you to go home and keep your mouth shut for you haven't a clue what this country really needs
Great job
Wish it does my healthcare has skyrocketed past 3 yrs
Yes, leave Boama-Care alone. Lets pay more for insurance than a house pmt & deductibles higher than a nice used car.
It takes one to know one (disaster bills, that is) The Dems gave us the ACA (disaster bill) and the Republicans want to Trump it.
And keep the disaster we have.
Sit down. You're funny.
Your need to retire, no one listens to you anymore go away
coz Obama care is t a disaster ?....she is hilarious
Keep ACA...and work with dems and reps to make it better, lower premiums/deductibles, and no penalties for those that don't want ins.
Indian giver...power monger... just shut up
You Democrats are the disaster in thus country.
I've signed TONS of PETITIONS.  I hope it helps.
Wid ya!
The rich democrats....Wall Street...got rich under your watch while the middle and upper middle withered you lying piece of seaweed!
I agree with you, Senator Warren, we as citizens of these great United States must not let this bill pass
And what is your net worth again and how much do you make for speaking engagements....you are a liberal liar!
You are a typical Neiman Marcus liberal...give up your gold plate health care and then talk to the rest of us.  My wife is a dr you know 00
Stay crazy!!!  As Mrs. Clinton said, it may look like anger but it's passion and much needed!
For your unwavering commitment to watch and fight against injustices brought on by Insane, Racist, Misogynistic, bigots, I Thank You
We already have the disaster, it's called Obamacare.
Are you going to condemn Trump for his last rally of insanity?  Why is Congress so quiet?  Maxine Waters is the only woman with guts.
Shut up senator I don’t want your da&# socialized medicine!!
Yes, keep fighting for the swamping of the middle class, Ms. I Live Above The Consequences Of What I Legislate
Thank you Senator Warren!
Thank you Senator Warren. I am so very proud that you are my Senator.
thank you #cfadvocacy
Repeal and Replace Elizabeth Warren. Enough of this self righteous liar.
You have my support!
Your a disaster of a senator.
Up ur ass!
You are an idiot
U r a disaster
Just don't let Bernie 'scare' people with only fix is one-payer. Wait until both House and Senate loose control. And they will.
Spoken like the 1%er that you are @SenWarren
Fail this bill then work on improving the system.
Well, last I looked, that's your job!
So... DOOO IT!!!
Your the disaster Poco
, Dracula Graham-Cassidy may rise from the crypt  . Drive a stake of holly through its heart and slam the crypt door hard
I do not appreciate the use of the word "crazy" in this  context....Mental health stigma is a serious issue
Liz knows Ma is getting a lions share of the money now and doesn’t care about the working class suffering. Bill is not a disaster, truth.
2020
Duty!
They only surefire disaster began in 2008 and it followed closely by the ACA. You passed it so we could know what was in it. So Sad.
