And after they pass it, they're counting on you to forget about it before the next time they're up for reelection so there's no consequences
Won't b able to forget about it, when so many will not have #Healthcare,and ones who do will b paying for ones who don't.1% goes scott free
But Republicans are clever. They'll delay the implementation long enough that they get reelected before most of the people get hurt.
Some of the timelines that are being considered would have it all blowing up right around the time the next president takes office...
You mean like how the ACA is blowing up right now?
No that's by design. Republicans have sabotaged it. They admitted they wanted it to fail. A big part of that is market uncertainty, not ACA.
We all knew young healthy people weren't going to sign up for the ACA to balance out the sick but jammed it through anyway
Obamacare was far from prefect, but at least it tried. Trumpcare is *actually* being jammed through, and 23 million people will get screwed.
Can you explain this.
That's a MORTGAGE PAYMENT!!
Lol
Is it mean?
Don't give up the fight-you cannot pass something without both sides see it-23m ppl with healthcare should March now to stop them.
Dems need 3 Repub to vote against. Doubt it happens.
No impossible they r a few conservatives fingers and toes crossed for the 23m ppl-ipray for them not to lose their care
What happened to "we have to pass the bill so we can find out what's in it," Lizzy?
The ACA was available for public view for almost two months before it went to a vote.  TrumpCare isn't even available to those voting.
Typical Trump Supporter. Changes the subject when they're caught in a lie.   But please feel free to blame Hillary and/or Obama.
My son would be blind if I'd followed my Obamacare HMO protocol.  Corneal Ulcers are EMERGENCIES! He had 20/400 vision!
Now it's a pre-existing condition.  Good luck.
Screwed
Elizabeth that's the Republican way we just have to stop them
How many of your D heroes in the senate actually read Obamacare? ZERO
Crage there was over 30 hearings on Obamacare everyone understood it over a year and a half of Debate
This is what happens when a LIBERAL congress passes healthcare having NO idea what's in it. Debate made ZERO difference
CDC 28.4 million without now. So the republican plan will actually have more with insurance.
Liar, the first signing of ACA was forced on Americans so shut up about GOP's bill that mirror the United Nations
Let this bill pass! When insurance rates double & people start hurting, run against the bill in 2018 and get The Congress back!
Amend it so the insurance they propose 4 us is what they get.  We pay them and should not pay for them to get better coverage.
I think they all should have the healthcare that they feel is so great. Walk a mile in our shoes or resign!
*shouldn't ? As in take away their Platinum guaranteed lifetime  health coverage that we pay for? Amen to that!!
I think they should have to live by the same bill they are creating in secret #cowards
My expected granddaughter is a real person. But you and @PPact would have no issue w/aborting her. Let's talk about hurt and meanness.
your safe...your not real people, poco...
No .... It's simply because Democrats are bad at math. They add to their own wealth but run the country into the Fking gutter
ObamaCare hurt the Middle Class.
U do realize the Cherokees want ur dear leader to prove her Pocohantas heritage by DNA test, right? They believe she's a fraud. Prob right
Mean ? That was Obama messing up healthcare that was working well for over 200 million Americans
ask Pelosi, why did she pass the bill with out knowing what was in it. It is Osama Health care the problem, now you want to make it Trump's?
Democratic playbook. No one was allowed to see AHCA until after dems passed it on their own. That worked out well didn't it?
Also, they're business criminals.
They mind if we see it, but they don't mind doing it!  That means they know what they are doing is wrong!  They just don't care!
Your agenda is blind to facts and reality. Obamacare is a disaster that IS hurting people. Didn't you vote for Obamacare?
I feel so bereft in the country I love.
Keep fighting Elizabeth
Yep and they just don't give a d**n
Lets hope that there are 4 or 5 rep senators who will put their constituents before party loyalty Some of those folks have to have integrity
They're just "Big Meanies." Stop stirring propaganda. Sickening
Face it,we all know it is both Dem.&Rep. In things together, you both can't & won't help the people,had years to do it,stop 2 party system
Apparently you & Dimwits forgot that Pelosi said we had to vote on Obamacare before we can see what's in it. Typical Democratic hypocrisy.
Meany Meany Meany Meany. Please take your ball and go home Wanna Be Warren.
Meant meant meant meant. Will you please take you ball Sen Wanna Be Warren and go home
And the ACA isn't?? Costs more than housing, deductible so high cant use it, subsidy payback taking my recent wage increase, 6K medical debt

Maybe try avoiding use of the word "mean" if you want to be taken seriously.
unlike u & ur friends right #uhave2signitbeforeucanreadit I'll wait 2 see if GOP does the same bf I accuse them of it!
And there IS. A reason that you WONT be re elected!
??  It is not a mean bill.  that was the ACA.  At least you'll be able to read it before you pass it.
Ironic and shameful, people whom literally have the best healthcare available to them debating. Thank you for being our voice.
What do you have fake Indian?
Like obama care helped people. Remember if you like your doctor you can keep him or you can keep your current plan.
How do you know?  Have you seen it?  Apparently only a few have and that isn't right.  Don't speculate on what you don't know as fact.
So then you'd hand someone a blank check or sign a contract without reading? And U see secrecy as a defense, not a flaming red flag?!?
It's not defense.  This bill MUST be read.  But don't go around hyperventilating like @SenWarren does on something she has not read yet.
It's not like she's being hyperbolic. We have a very real idea of the direction of AHCA. We KNOW protection 4 preexisting cond. is at risk
Do you even know real people? Are you even  real?
Nothing could hurt as much as OBAMA CARE!
I just can't wrap my mind around the fact that a group of people could try to do something so blatantly harmful to others.  Some kool-aid.
Grow up Liz.
But noticed you are against even though you haven't seen it and don't have an alternative.
How's your health care mrs. hypocrite?
Remember when Nancy said just vote yes and we will read it later. Hypocrisy is what u show.
I am going to guess they are doing it to show us up. It might be a good one.
What was the reason Dems wouldn't even let their own people see Obamacare? You remember, we have to pass it too see what's in it.
That's because they, the GOP, absolutely hate Americans. Only the upper .05% are their BFFs.
Like Obamacare?
Thinking people are on to your childish stuff.
They don't care about America and the Americans, they are proving that.
What's up with closed door secretive meetings on healthcare and tax reform.  Doesn't sound right
and they dgaf...
They are also repealing the laws of mathematics in their bill-- next comes the laws of gravity --after all, gravity is just a theory!Genius!
Keep saying "mean".  I think eventually it will catch on.
Oh Grow Up-YOU sound Ridiculous
You know Liz the dumbed down trump supporters are Too stupid to realize their being taking advantage of !
ACA has hurt my family very badly. We don't want free healthcare. We want to be left alone to pay for our own care & make our own choices.
That's not going to be an option. AHCA gives Insurance Industry unbridled chance to rob us blind without consequences & gives em Xtra $$ too
So other than complaining & scandalizing the situation, what are YOU doing to help? Engaged in the process & offering solutions, Sen Warren?
Really! my premiums went up 21% this year the highest increase I've ever had & I believe it's because of your Obamacare. Stop spreading lies
So the answer is to remove caps on increases, remove protections for consumers and divert millions directly to Billionaire Insurance execs.
Bullshit!
Please get off your high horse and get to work.
You know what? Let them have it. I'm ready to die. They don't care.
How about honesty in politics. Do you have any integrity to work with gop
U are a fool not to recall that's exactly what pelosi did with obama care.  Its why dems keep losing & this mod dem is fed up  with U & dems
Please give us some comfort in the the Democratic Party will mount serious challenges in the midterm elections? Get power back!
voters hate congress yet they vote to retain their rep or sen. Then people get upset and wonder why?
Hypocrite Warren intentionally forgets it was Dems whos said you have to pass Obamacare to see what's in it. That is working in secret.
Or they think your unable to understand it. You seem kinda simple minded
Scalp em
All kidding aside, do you really think they care about anybody? Not even their own kind!
Isn't that what Obamacare has been doing since it was implemented 
But you haven't seen it, right?
You can't have it both ways! Either you haven't seen the bill or you have. How do you know the Senate bill is mean if you haven't seen it?
You keep losing. Think you should harp on something else? Not that I mind you keep losing.
WELL well well, Georgia has spoken and Virginia is NEXT. Can't wait to see the back of you.
Obamacare ISN'T!!  Got it?
Don't mince words: It will KILL Americans, and harm millions of other Americans. #singlepayerorbust
Where's the KEY to the LIBRARY???
Mean, and scary. Lol!!
Didn't the dems do the same thing with Obamacare? Please just retire already
Are you calling Republicans evil? Only evil people would knowingly hurt others 
Dems proposed that bill for the ACHA.  Surprise, the GOP who thought ACHA was good for America didn't think it was good enough for them.
Senator Warren, thank you fighting for the working and middle class folks!
Kinda like the Dems and he ACA, right chief?
Well OK -- Do something  -- help
Why are they terrorizing Americans? Why?
Answer: They only care about money and none of them knows what empathy is.
I am going to go cry myself to sleep, again. I need to calm my heart .It is beating a little too fast. Good night, @DumbDonald666.
At least they appear to be reading the bill. Just come out and say Obamacare is a FAILURE.
Do you always spend millions on losing elections?
Isn't that what Pelosi did with Obamacare?  You can dish it out but you can't take it.
Bunch of meanies!
Like your Obamacare isn't hurting millions right now 30 million with out healthcare sounds like your the mean one we need term limits now
thank you so much, you are a shining light in very dark waters.
There is ample proof they don't care about anything except lining their pockets. No surprise here.
What about the "real people" Obamacare is hurting? You don't seem to be talking about them at all.
You traitor obama sucked 14000 income from my wife and i and were both in good health you've robbed America long enough
Obamas didn't ! It still is ! Idiot
I would go ballistic!#
We noticed before. This time they're trying to slip it over the transom.
How about the fact the plan you support basically killed people and ruined middle class families oh that's right you don't have a clue
I would go ballistic!!
I don't believe Trump that it's mean, but I believe it's cruel and inhumane.
They know it will hurt white people
Get rid of Repulicans in Congress.  They have poisoned our democracy long enough.  All are SCOFFLAWS!  Sick mentally deranged. Buggered up!
Go get them Sen. Warren! And Happy Birthday! 
You did the same thing with Obamacare your so two faced
Wow.
No no no! Lizzy, beautiful, we just don't care what you think! Come on gorgeous, you think the GOO cares about normies?
you're goofy.
Is there a legal way that citizens can stop elected officials from screwing us? Please don't say voting booth. Too late then.
We know that Senator Warren. The question is are you going to join other senators to do whatever it takes to block it?
Not just hurt, but kill real people with real illnesses that could have been prevented.
They gotta show it sometime!
that's the sound of the dems, working on the BLAME, gang, oh don't you know that's the sounds of the dems working in the BLAME, gang 
Like Obamacare is now you hypocrite? Pay back the natives you stole from yet? #impeachwarren
The ACA has hurt many real people, the working middle class that the democrats used to claim to support.
What the Republicans did to ACA before and after it passed & the concessions made 2 them are the things ppl don't like about it.
How many people were hurt by Obamacare?
Do Not Stop trying to change minds.
#wealthcare
No there just following the Democrats lead in ACA bill the Demorats passed
That's rich coming from a Democrat. You guys did the same thing with Jonathan Gruber's help. We couldn't keep our plan OR our doctor! LIAR!!
Kind of like when Pelosi said "u got to pass it to see what's in it"?
The American people are onto you Pocahontas!#foldyourtipi
but they don't care that I will die. One of my meds is $2500 per shot 52 shots per year. $125,000.00 per year. I don't have that kind of $$$
You'll just have to pass it to know what's in it! Anything's better than ObummerCare! #draintheswamp
I hope its better than OCARE!Hope its not going backwards2BEFORE OCARE! when costs rose because people didn't have ins&didnt pay their bills
A bill written in secret is inherently flawed. #NoHearingNoVote #ShowUsTheBill Conduct due diligence, Sens. #SaveMedicaid #StopTrumpcare
Then it won't hurt you if it hurt real people.
So Pelosi told us we can read Obamacare after they pass it.. what makes you special
That's debunked.
I totally believe that to be true!!! thank you for all you do!! @SenWarren

Lizzy, another reason is you Democrat shits said you would not participate in the health care bill process! You are all HYPOCRITES!
SHAME. ON. THEM. ALL.
What did @NancyPelosi say about voting for it to know what's in it...don't like it when it goes the other way do you Pocahontas 
GOP does its dirty work in secret not telling dems what they do. These GOP needs to be voted OUT  NOW!!
It's "doesn't"...but wait, didn't Dems say "we won't know what Obamacare is, UNTIL WE PASS IT"? Double-standard. C'Mon Pocahontas!
My question has s just how f?!!king long are we gonna take this Crap from those that were elected  by us ?????  The GOP does its dirty work
This bill shows the true #GOP. They know they are #hurting people & they #don't #care. #Shameful!
As you're friend @NancyPelosi once said "We must pass the bill to see what's in it"  idiots
The crooked, look out for the wealthy party continues
There's a reason why they don't care. Their voters don't care and Dems will cave on their principles per usual.
IDIOT
You have to PASS the Bill to see what's in it
As long as the fake people ( you ) are safe it's all good
Add a "morality admentment" based on patient numbers, not solely on cost vs profit for the insurance company. To stop pull-outs.
If a market insurance provider has a lot of subscribers, is a big company, they must provide more reasoning that just a profit margin ...
For getting to be able to pull off a market. Big insurance is dropping all markets for profits, not for people as it is now.
Curious. They let us see how mean they are other days.
