Good lord the idiot libs on here don't know the real Lizzy Warren.
What the hell is a 4th of July celebration?

It's INDEPENDENCE DAY you twit!
#Pocahontas #youdontcareaboutourtroops
Why go there.... military is for people who have their back..... every day...every month...every year. Not when it's good for their agenda.
We're do you think you were when you Tweeted this. I know for a fact your not in Kabul I know someone there you crazy old lady.

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Thank you for all you do! I am very proud to call you my senator! Happy fourth and stay safe. 

Math doesn't lie but Elizabeth Warren & Demos do when comes to GOP Medicaid RT to expose them #MAGA #FourthOfJuly 
I'm voting for the REAL AMERICAN INDIAN
Pocahontas Warren's Indian born challenger, @va_shiva, makes a dig by sending her a DNA ancestry test
#FakeIndian

 
Why are we still in Afghanistan 16 years after we invaded? What are we doing there that we haven't done for the last 10yrs of lame strategy
Ask obama why he told them we were leaving lol
Nope. Not Obamas problem anymore. He is a private citizen. Donald owns this. Plus I thought he had a winning strategy??
You asked why we are still there the answer is obama!
It's pitiful, right?!
Warren attempt at Stolen Valor photo op since Hillary lie worked so well....lol
You too
Preparing for 2020 on taxpayer dime ... what in the world did u contribute on this trip? A complete waste of tax money.
She will destroy our Military like Obumer did! Sen.Elizabeth Warren questions President Trump's military after 'Mother of All Bombs' strike
Sad! Behind their backs you hate them and all true Americans. What a traitor you are.
But the lemmings keep following, clueless!
Not sure why you would do this as you truly do not defend nor protect our Americanism, nor the document you swore to abide by and defend.
actually it's the celebration of Independence Day. Not Fourth of July.
WTF are you doing there??? You hate the American soldier!
Beautiful have a very blessed day @SenWarren  @BernieSanders  @SenHarryReid @timkaine  @NancyPelosi  @SenateDeans @CNN @ABCNews.
That's great! You've abandoned our veterans more times than France has surrendered! You fool no one
Hooray for our troops! Boo you. A strategy now, where was that commitment when Obama was messing up the Middle East?
Political agenda there! So far left you'll easily be beat in 2020! TRUMP 2020 MAGA
It's highly likely that those were the only troops that even showed up to see her.
Elizabeth Warren.  You totally ROCKED on hbo's "The Words that Built America "No truer words have been said during these times.Nasty women.
Now if we can get @realDonaldTrump to actually watch it 
Happy Birthday America! God Bless and Protect Our Troops!

Glad to see that you didn't have to duck sniper fire
#OMG 
STICK NEEDLES IN MY BRAINS EYE 
#MAGA MR @POTUS
Thanks

Happy 4th here's hoping you remember you got into politics for people not to fight Petty schoolyard Wars with people you don't like

you have a safe & happy one too. Love you Ms Elizabeth !! God bless you.
You are a great fighter for finding the truth and doing what is right! Thank you!
You should actually read the Declaration of Independence. No where in it does it say government should provide everything.
Happy 4th
Stay there u fraud
Go for it my girl!
Please run for POTUS! You truly care and would be great. You would be a POTUS for all people bringing unity.
I don't know if Indians celebrated this holiday thanks for clarifying.
Happy Fourth. Not to change the subject but hope you all had a chance to chat about you know what....it needs to end
Happy 4th to our brave men & women.
You do know the Soldiers were ORDERED to pose for these pictures?
Happy 4th Sen Warren.  BE safe. Keep up work to support & get our troops home.

Happy independents day to you
Wow Liz, more pics with the troops than John McCain. Plans? Your a hypocrite
Thank u and be safe
Thanks.  Happy Fourth.  Proud your my Senator.  You go girl!
IS THAT A HINT TO GO PUBLIC?? LOL?
Nice try. Thank YOU for your obstruction, RHETORIC and partisan politics that make you nothing but an Anti American fraud. SHAMEFUL.
She fights for us against the corrupt What is your problem?
She says no, no, no. Who benefits? Are you worse off NOW? Don't give me this corrupt nonsense. They ALL are corrupt. She gets NOTHING DONE.
Trump gets nothing done
You're a punk. And delusional. Don't work for DeLauro, work for the GOP. We need young blood.
Really she's done nothing?
Where have you been Living in a bubble? Check out Wells Fargo Check out her videos GOP hates her
Same To You....Everyday You Make Me A....
God bless you, Senator Warren! Thank you for remembering the forgotten!
Be sure to swing by the Soldiers cross and see the cost of the crippling ROE and petty politics you played.
You have nothing but class. Wish we a politician like you in the UK. Happy Independence Day!
@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC avoid us w/these visits. Hub saw them many times on DEPs. Look @ them w/a quizative face. They'll scatter.
This is a Native American, hater.

Yay !  In front  
@realDonaldTrump This is what a genuine & hard-working public servant and true patriot does on the National Holiday. Thank you Sen Warren
Alright, we get it. You can stop making our servicemen take pictures with you.
Thanks for YOUR service, Senator! See you soon in Hyannis. Happy Fourth to you.
Liar & Hypocrite!
If you really wish that then why don't you honor them by working with their commander in chief and stop with your resistance bullshit
#ShePersisted Happy 4th Liz
Now that's the way I picture America to work together..Thanks you everyone for their service! #4thOfJuly2017 #workingtogether
Oh? All of a sudden you're Miss Patriotic, Elizabeth? Just for the day? Then back to your silly shenanigans?!
I must say, your Twitter game is strong today, Senator. Happy 4th.
Proud of you!!
Run for President
HAPPY 4th to our brave troops.  I'm sure they appreciate the visit by some senators more than they would Trump.
Your guardianship & #demsresist have cut MIL the 8yrs to the degree they don't have the equipment to do the JOB's Just your Socialist PRG
Nice lady
7/7/17 #NoTweetFriday to protest Twitter's allowance of the President's continued abusive tweeting, where all others would be suspended.
Sorry lady, I don't celebrate a date but rather our independence. And yeah, there is a difference
This pic should b on cover of TIME!!
So honored to be there you can't even wear the squads hat for a picture.
Congratulations Senator! Congratulations America! Cheers to July the 4th!
Then you need to Trump he stands for are soldier's
the mighty CAV, my division 1963-64
Same to you Senator and your family

Thanks for being there and finding out what's really happening.  We need adults in the Senate to keep the Pres on track and accountable.
Happy Independence Day to our military and to you, too, Sen. Warren! You're the best!

How much money did tax payers have to pay for you to have this photo opp? Did you pay for this trip and security out of your pocket?
Happy 4th Pocahontas! Please run in 2020 to ensure a Trump reelection. Thanks.
Elizabeth during the main street parade
Definitely not Senatorial
4th of July can be dangerous naked Liz
Dear Mr @POTUS #MAGA STOP LIZ NOW
Check out @ConstanceQueen8's Tweet: https://twitter.com/ConstanceQueen8/status/882279014970380289?s=09 …
Pocahontas must be bad with math or just a liar...
Math doesn't lie but Elizabeth Warren & Demos do when comes to GOP Medicaid RT to expose them #MAGA #FourthOfJuly 
You don't get to live in a Mansion as a Public Servant by telling the TRUTH..
Screw. Stay there. #fakeIndian #woowoowoo
Thank you!
And to you and your family, Senator!  #july4
Shout out to #1stAirCav!
Love you @SenWarren
4 days in Afghanistan and u criticize trump for no plan to beat ISISafter 7 mos 8 yrs Obama had no plan not a word what a hypocrite
Bring the Troops back home.
You should have ran.
I could have voted.
I see the traders are with you ! McCain and graham democrats sitting in a republican seat

@realDonaldTrump Thank you, Senator Warren. You are acting SO presidential. Someone has to while Cheeto Baby plays more golf.
#CheetoBaby
Happy 4th to you and our troops Senator Warren.  #classact
@realDonaldTrump Sen Warren is a real Patriot! Thank you, Senator. 
Happy Independence Day to you Senator Warren !  Stay safe and tell our Forces and Allies, we are proud of them..today and everyday!!!!!
Be safe!
same to you and your family

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
He stole that from Bush. He typically posts about fireworks. Obama was and is a joke
Thank you! And may you and your family have a wonderful and safe 4th of July and may god bless you @SenWarren and your family
https://youtu.be/s7SyXT4H2P0 
Same to you, senator. Press on.
Independence Day
Elisabeth if you cared about our safety in Massachusetts and America you would not support illegals and sanctuary cities very dangerous
McCain and Graham  supported funding of Isis. Look it up. Moderate rebels funded by our government their names are all over it
I'll keep an eye on Cambridge while you're away!
Can't believe she is thinking of someone else besides herself and the left sided Dems. Good try but everyone knows what you stand for.
And to you! God Bless You and all you give
@SenWarren back on duty near @SenSanders beach house saw @DWStweets sneak in the back door. If the Feds come to get him I'll be ready!
Great picture of Spreading Bull!!
Are you in Kabul? Please bring my son in law home safe! Thank you for visiting our Troops!
Thanks for your public service, your love of country and your leadership
Great photo. Great bipartisanship too. This is what makes America great. Nice to see real smiles on our troops faces too.
Happy 4th to my senator & a bunch of my other favorite senators! Assonet's parade was fun today at home. Safe journeys x
Take the DNA test
Get a hobby
Yeah, we get it Pocahontas, you're in Afghanistan. You're a true hero. Now go away please
Same to you Sen. Warren.  Thank you for keeping up fight against the fraud in the White House.  Get him out ASAP before irreparable damage.
Elizabeth Warren 2020. 
Happy 4th to you!
You're not for independence Liz. The Dems want government control of people's lives. This is not a democrat holiday!

