Nancy Pelosi will not tolerate being interrupted on the House floor 
@nowthisnews  retire
Nancy prates a lot, even in the enchanted palace where she dwells.
As someone right of center, I sure hope Nancy keeps her job and keeps talking!
NOT even truth & fact can shut her up, she keeps LYING about single-payer! saying it's not possible when she means it's not profitable 4 her
Oh God this is so pathetic.  It is like NO ONE PUTS BABY IN THE CORNER   lmao   You are pathetic like PUKELOSI
Think Pelosi puts her foot in her mouth often enough for everyone humor! You lost so badly! And you will continue to lose! Watch and see!
Pelosi is so befuddled she doesn't know her ass from her elbow
Whenever Nancy or you speak, it's just bashing lies about Trump & GOP who want to MAGA. U Dems want to destroy it with ur crazy lib ideas
Pelosi should stop, yourself and her talking shows how out of touch with reality you are! 4 years and done term limits
I don't know which of you is a bigger joke .
Go Nancy!
Way to stand up for the American people Mrs. Pelosi!! I thank you and all those who stand up with you to fight for what's right!
Does @RepJohnFaso realize how much of a fool he shows himself to be? How many times will strong women be told to shut up?
Yeah because she can't keep on task to begin with, she is an idiot
Someone please help that woman...
You are interrupted because NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY!
@NancyPelosi you get three gold stars for that . Take no prisoners!
Classic 
Nancy should resign too, you all are dim-wits.  #MAGA 
#Fauxahontis
@DebbieThomas88. Debbie Thomas should stop being so ignorant and listen to the people that are trying to stop the money grabbers
Bill should stop being so gullible and ignorant and do some real research on who the REAL money grabbers are.
I LOVE that she's wearing her PRIDE wristband and ribbon while on the floor! @NancyPelosi is a badass! Never stop fighting ladies!
A big to two of the dumbest piece of sh*t out of touch corrupt liberal senators out there
That's too bad ....
Leader?
how's @NancyPelosi feel getting ignored, like she does at the town halls on medicare for all! It's why she's getting primaried!
"Nobody puts Baby in the corner"? Rock on Nancy!
Damn. I wish someone would silence her!  She needs to retire and go into a nice quiet rest home
No one can silence Pelosi no matter how insane she is so sad
@nowthisnews Nancy Pelosi doesn't speak for me!!
STFU Pocohontas
While I applaud Madam Pelosi speaking out 4 working families, we must ask why working class voters rejected @DNC in November? 

Anyone??
They wanted a fucking wall
Looking at the swing states that flipped from Obama to Trump, it looks unlikely that the wall was their main concern, according to polling
Well, they just.................did.

the voters will
Silence ? She doesn't even know who's president she calls him Bush  what an utter embarrassment ! You Waters and Pelosi ha!
You Democratic baboons have really lost your minds
He was causing confusion that was what he was ordered to do
Nice
Perfect combo of class and sass IMHO. Love @NancyPelosi.
is senile and it sounds like you are too. #shutupandsitdown #nastywoman
hahah Hilarious!
Is she Indian too?
Are you saying she talks too much? She never shuts up? Not very nice of you.
take the hint You say be quiet to children shut up to adults who don't make sense or ramble on and on
That's too long to wait wish it was up  next year so someone else would win and sometimes people need to be told to shut up when they don't
I love how you & @NancyPelosi persist! Keep giving them hell Liz!!
#NastyWomenRule
are we talking about Pelosi who said pass ACA and then read it? Are we talking about pelosi who called Trump Bush during her speech?
@nowthisnews Run the floor Nancy take no unfinished business your the one @SenWarren @SenateDems  @POTUS44
@nowthisnews Run the floor Nancy take no unfinished business you the one @NancyPelosi  @nowthisnews @CNN.
YAYEH! Go @NancyPelosi! Yet, #ShePersisted!
STOP persisting to resist! U were invited 2 work together! Your only hurting US citizens! Stop playing games and b Senators instead of btchs
Great.  Between the two of you, surely we can get an update on the impeachment proceedings.  Where does it stand? Charges? When?
DNC sure did a good job of silencing Bernie.
I remember when "she persisted" started.  You talked, someone said stop, you kept going, you got kicked out, and you stopped "persisting".
Waa, set your arrogance high because not even the people you represent cant tell you anything!
Than God for the ladies!  Thank you and @NancyPelosi .
Retire All! workers don't believe one word. All these past 4 decades of bad policies both parties just to serve them & their corp donors.
U yada all about Demo being so honest. U're all same pot.Biden in retreat w Mitt w riches corp donors  .Guess who was not there? POTUS&ppl.
Pelosi is a horrible speaker, but a great political mind. One of the best Speakers in modern times.
She doesn't even know when to be quiet during a moment of silence.
Love her blatant disregard for rules that's what has helped her gain her fortune at the cost of taxpayers and constituents
Isn't she the Alzheimer's patient who thinks Bush is still president?
Hey senator I hate to tell you but your girl Nancy is ready to start eating her oatmeal through a straw while she cares for her 100 cats
Shilling for Chelsea's book , I see.

Let's CELEBRATE with song!

https://youtu.be/octtLcjJshw 

@LibertyBelle777 @_wintergirl93
Nevertheless She......forgot where she was....
@nowthisnews Beautiful Job well done .Sen Warren and Nancy Pelosi.
@nowthisnews nice j
Big mouths are not allowed under sharia law...especially  women.  Your the one that wants it and I don't think you'll like it
You're making things up, "Senator."  We need fewer Senators who treat their constituents as dolts. You and Pelosi = peas in a pod scumbags.
Yes your right , you have zero manners and a big mouth.
#repersist
Oh Elizabeth defending your delusional friend Nancy. Hurry-up put on your straightjackets!
Good for her!
The rudeness is unacceptable
Go Nancy! Speak for us!  Put this rude men to shame!
@clairecmc @GabbyGiffords A woman should always be respected! Thank you for advocating for all Americans! #ShePersisted
Pelosi is ridiculed by right & left. She sucks in front of a camera but she is a brilliant legal mind. One of best house speakers ever
But you people applaud when a conservative speaker has is 1st amendment violated. Does the HYPOCRISY ever stop with Liberals? Ridiculous!!
She's an idiot. Don't want her to shut up. The more she talks, the more the Democratic party looks incompetent & out of touch w/the people!!
Nancy needs to retire! Vote DEms out!
not even Pres. Bush...errr....Trump ?
No body listens to the whack job either Your support of this loonie shows why you are the wrong choice too
Fearless, strong, persistent, brilliant, and female!
 I love you, I admire you & I thank you. 

 
You go girl!!! Tell those GOP bastards what for! They are greedy vultures. But democracy is for all  people & we will fight to keep it safe!
HELL To The Chief!!  #CrookedLyinDonald
Get your gloves off it's a street fight 
You are foolish enough to think we the people don't know what you stand for and who you work against. You are part of the evil machine.
nancy, time 4 dems to start using the word TREASON over & over. take a page fm republicans playbook. they wouldn't hesitate saying TREASON
I am Filled with tremendous Hope and Joy when I see you in action. 
I think stuffing a dirty sock in her mouth would do it #Fauxchohantas
Hahahaha
way to go Nancy!! Show those bigoted old farts what's up!!!
luv strong women...xoxo
You and nancy (earth to nancy) should both resign.  Outdated agenda.
Sadly, this will not stop the GOP from destroying everything and potentially sending us into an even worse recession than 2007.
You go girl
Go get them!!
Your right, only demicrates can silence free speech!
*democrats. ...lmao
Thank you EW, NP, CMc, KH, KG all you ladies that fight for the working American people everyday. So proud and thankful for all you do. 
Except for her DONORS.
Too bad she lost. No one listened to her.
Great job I am sick and tired of these Republican men trying to quiet our strong woman leaders! I think you know about that!
YES, thank you Nancy Pelosi!
Why must you Dems become so vile and rude. You are Sickening! At 63 I've never seen such violent audacity
She is really quite with Obama's cock in her mouth !!
Can u imagine having all these great women rule the world? WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD IT WOULD BE! My daughter can always look up to them=LOVE
The lying troll has alzheimers or she's simply senile. The woman belongs in a nursing home! She can't even remember who the POTUS is!
Nobody puts Nancy in the corner.
@NancyPelosi Woop! Woop! Stand your ground! When you do, you have millions of us standing with you!!!!
Lizzie stay on your side of the reservation!
Oh Liz, we want her to continue talking. Her references to President Bush always bring a smile to my face.
Constant interruptions normal
Whom controls & refuses allow amendments be added
Upon ACA republicans forced amendment inclusion
Refuse today
Pocahontas, she's a complete dingbat. No sure who is a bigger dingbat, you or here. Both of you r fighting for the lunatic fringe
I'm proud of Democratic women that speak up and fight for what is morally right..
Now is the time for Democrats to get strong. Quit squabbling and unite.. GOP is in chaos. Bad policies everywhere..
Tired of strong women being put down.. Time for a few changes...
@nowthis Pelosi and Warren should win the I'm completely insane and out of touch with reality award 2017
Don't interrupt her when she's speaking about Pres Bush, even to let her know he's no longer the Pres .. #TERMLIMITS .. mental health check
Umm she makes no sense? Thinks bush is still president... term limits???!!!
Way to go Nancy! Thank you!
Amazing Nancy Pelosi
Yes, please, don't interrupt the moonbat, every word she bubbles helps the #GOP and #America
It doesn't matter if interrupted or not, does anybody listen to a woman that keeps criticizing President Bush... LOL Take your meds Madam!
Look in the mirror dem o rats your description you give is of yourself
Nancy Pelosi = Total badass! #NeverthelessShePersisted
That was awesome Pelosi stood up to the white old hating women GOP
Nancy is a nit wit
GOP hates women...
The top hates women, and women leaders especially.
Please let the insane lunatic fringe left keep speaking  by all means show your madness
Somebody should or we should just turn her off
Wow..THANK YOU dem leader Nancy Pelosi..this is what American needs in r congress & senate..men keep try shut  women dwn..I've seen it 3 x..
@SenWarren @NancyPelosi   I love watching both of you in action, fighting for the American people.
She persisted in being stupid. That's nothing to brag about.
Yes!! We need more women like you! One who stands her ground & will not tolerate & be interrupted by anyone #havenofear
@nowthisnews don't let anyone stop you
The more she talks the stupider she sounds. Keep talking.
Of course not. We love watching make a fool of herself, and every other Demoncrat, by association #fauxchohontas
So clueless and why the Republicans will win again.
right on!!!
THAT WAS GREAT! I have even more respect for Rep Pelosi after watching this.
Rep. John "Pay-to-play" Faso just getting schooled by @NancyPelosi. I needed that.
We know ur all bug mouths with.nothing to say, no Dems worthy of a run at Presidency, unless Howdy Doody can step up to the plate!
20 years ago?
