#ADRIANAMATTERS
I wonder if she tweeted this from her mansion while looking over her financial reports on her 15 million dollar fortune.
I'm not aware..just what did he say?
BUT, it is OKAY for you, to LIE about your HERITAGE!!!!
 please don't forget Russia ties and his lies under oath and yes time to LOCK HIM UP! PERJURED
nga©™® national gun association! Nun make real gun women terrorist! Invaded courts! ARDCfrauds. Atheist. screen-act
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/12/02/jeff-sessionss-comments-on-race-for-the-record/?utm_term=.819da65efc11 …
Thank you Senator Warren for speaking for so many of us.
shut up B####!!!
@lovinabox Bannons new Yes man. Gotta dump this lethal clown dog & pony show!
@35mkz #MAGA
please stay strong.  We need you
@ThatGuyTimbo Right On,Elizabeth Warren!!! Your Speaking Out Against Trump's Administration Is Inspirational!!! #RESISTANCE!!!
@AmiraIshoof yp
FAKE NEWS ;
why don't you go back on whatever reservation you came from
I stand with @SenWarren. #HighCheekBones
u r awesome!! Thank you!!!
Thanks for being a voice of reason in this insanity!
But you were silent while this country was being taken over. You could have helped a candidate that would have WON!
You earn your paycheck and speak up for your constituents that's for sure.
@birdman8272 Mrs. Native American, no one believes your lies!
#Pocahontas is really the worst I've seen such a phoney just like Hillary
So much  and respect!  Thank-you EW!
@robreiner ok,Pocahontas
thank you and I will do my part
oh give it up already !! Your voice is so annoying 
what exactly did he say and when did he say it?
My Sis lives in NYC and WORKED AGGRESSIVELY FOR YOU last time, so I will team up with her and take Massachusetts by storm for YOU
I live in Denver but I WILL BE THERE TO CAMPAIGN FOR YOUR next election because you are the BIGGEST SOURCE OF STRENGTH for Dems!!
. Please consider yourself a nuisance! Stop impugning others of 'racism,' Stop playing the muck-raking, 'race card.' FOSSILIZED?
starting the impeachment process of Trump is the only answer.
Why don't you produce them so we can all know.
I think Sally Yates should file suit against Trump-wrongful dismissal. she warned about Flynn, and Muslim ban.
You cannot be silent about anything!  I'd be happy to never hear your voice again.  Are you always hysterical?
 “A look at a largely African-American city that Trump nearly won”https://twitter.com/i/moments/831222704254631936 …
@MusicKillsKate but Senator u r silent about @Raheelraza @HonorDiaries http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/1ItqG … and Radicals
drop dead
How rich coming from a lying Fauxahauntus..
Mrs Kings niece was mad that you tried to read it she said you were just trying to use the race card. She was on the news!!!!
@lovinabox #AMEN!
if that the only way you can get ahead then ur not worth the position you hold. Stop playing victim to further our career
try relying on ur own creds 2 clime that virtual ladder & not depend ontryn 2 make others look bad,
omg get off the fukin bandwagon .So tired of this BS.Stop twistin things to Down Sumone else 2 lift urself. How bout prove urself
omg SHUT UP
@robreiner   LIBERAL TRASH   GO TRUMP !!!!!!
this is why you have my support and if you do decide to run for president, you have my vote.
Someone oughta slap you silly. Oh. Wait a moment. You already are as silly as they come. Liahontas. Go have a pow wow.
you were OK with Robert Byrd. Member of the KKK, Remember? Check your hypocrisy.
@sweetcher62 your #StepfordWives are listening. Can't wait for 2yrs
@muhammad7even heehee, another gitar playing leftist in bed with the moolah of Iran. No wonder why u play footsie with Shahrokh
and yet you were silenced. Hopefully, the people of your state will vote you out of office and you'll be silenced permanently
does that mean that you will continue to psychically channel Coretta King & Ted Kennedy?
SIT DOWN, ELIZABETH!  @jeffsessions most inspired choice since @RickPerryUpdate!  @SarahPalinUSA next!
if only more had your courage to stand up to trumpenfuhrer
thumbs up.
@robreiner I too have high cheek bones can I get me an interest free loan from HAVAD
@Is_It_Just_Me1 Ok fine, you said enough....now will you SHUT UP?!?!  
but you were and it was epic, lol
what comments? Pandering Liz!
there is NO place for YOU



, 
There are means to make a point that are legal. Lawlessness is about to be put back in it's box, forever, I hope...
give examples
@edeywbr well he just enforced ICE to deport Mexicans.  
Trump's actions will have a lasting traumatic effect on the children of these detainees. Trump=cold hearted monster
You are clueless. He got an award from NAACP for his great work. Not many "racists" get those. Keep telling lies, it won't work
Rule 19! Civility and tolerance needs to be regulated.
How dare they repress your 1/64th Cherokee. YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE  BUILT THIS COUNTRY!
hate with us what we can do to support you, ask us for help if you need it
Elizabeth Warren you are A misogynistic racist evil crazy person
please tell me some of these derogatory and racist comments he supposedly made...
what about your past fellow DEMOCRAT Senator Robert Byrd? Why didnt u take issue with him being KKK Grand Wizard?
have you looked at yourself or your soul in a mirror. Are you really the type of human you portray? Diary of a mad white  woman
What would tribal tradition be on this?
you just won't be silent. I thought after that whole 'I'm a fake indian' fiasco you SHOULD HAVE RETIRED IN SHAME
Nobody cares what you say, we're busy making America great again and getting a supermajority in 2018!
... the next AG has actually worked for a living and actually helped to stop racism in the real world...
But it's okay to bomb dark skinned people in the Middle East? You're a fake. A phoney. A hypocrite.
Better to be silent and thought a fool than to open your mouth and reveal all doubt.
You are despicable to falsely accuse someone for political gain. I hope MA elects someone else in 2018.
The only racist is you....towards Natives by claiming to be one. If ur a Native then I can fly a passenger jet!
you mean like Democrat senator Robert Byrd?
YOU are a LIAR...why don't you go vacation at the Grand Canyon and then trip off the ledge? Do America a FAVOR.
thank you for standing up for American that has come along way from the racist regime. We cannot go back. 2 much blood and tears
Still spreading #fakenews I see.
how about someone who lied about their heritage.....
Sí! @SenWarren @jakeast the #sexist #selfish #sellout @SenateMajLdr #SenateGOP = such a sad, sad scene. Stay Strong Senator!
THANK YOU ! You are a beautiful person !
@ViewFromWise thank you!!!!! We shall rise up!
continue to rise up, speak out, and give us your voice. I hear you!
@FrKadel  thanks for telling us..faughcahontis! Your white not native American!
@MrsGwennieSmith She does have a big mouth.
@MrsGwennieSmith The only RACIST IT YOU Elizabeth Warren.
You ROCK!
Impeach Trump! Start over! The election was stolen!
Impeach Trump now. Don't wait! We need you now! The election was stolen. Start over!! IMPEACH TRUMP! IMPEACH TRUMP!
IMPEACH TRUMP
Thank you Elizabeth!
we are with you! #hearourvoice
and yet absolutely no proof, but plenty on video for hrc. Weird hug?
grandstanding for your own interests and McConnell fell for it. You took the worst beating in years and you still don't get it
how many times did you say that about HOLDER ??????
I couldn't agree more. Our omnipotent orange leader is slowly unraveling the #constitution. This is not the road to #greatness .
/ " Put on your big boy pants " and suck it up. You're out in 2018! Tough sh!t. POTUS won the election and JEFF IS THE AG! 2018 !
Think Eric Holder!
We are with you!
@Alyssa_Milano stay winning Pocahontas you'll never be president
thank you for continuing to use reason and to stand up for America.
Get over it. There's a new sheriff in town. U overstepped the boundary of decency by implying that he was a racist.
agree keep the faith on the Trump circus of lies
Obviously you were not around Ol' Hilary when she was spewing her filth at staff., Dems. Heard it was quite ugly,
You won't be silent about anything. You're America's nag.
@ShaunKing absolutely true!

@CsFww1I8ndw2v5l you are our greatest hope! Smart, savvy, and female!
Lizzie, you had a chance to do something back in 2009, but you joined the ruling class. This is just farting in the wind now.
You were silenced. #Pocahontas
"And Still She Persisted" 
@SenSchumer prove it. Or is there no pudding like usually and it's just hearsay?
such decorum on the senate floor, while the primaries were like watching a jerry springer show!
I guess you WILL be silenced!
Oh, shut up! Stop showcasing your fake concerns. You only care to slander Sessions because he is the opposing party nominee.
obama failed you people, you people lost. now go away and ma'am pls bring pelosi cinton and madonna and streep. Oh obamas tooThx
@AmieNicoleLICSW no ma'am you need sit back chill and help hillary (she going to the big house!) anyway ya all lost. See bernie !
You diminish us.
as if you've never made a derogatory, or racist comment.
not that I'm saying you should be silenced, quite the contrary.
Vote out the Communist/Liberal/Progressives in 2018!
Did he say something bad about NATIVE Anericans E.
amen
well done! Stay strong. We are with you.
keep up the great work!
here's a hint why don't all you so called politicians do what your supposed to and come to a common ground...you act like ur 6
while you divide and promote violence
Clown Show
your part Indian deal with it
my community stands behind you!!
Listen Pocahontas, you need to be silent about a lot of the craziness that comes out of your evil mouth.  Disgraceful
I'm with you Senator Warren!!!!
Warren for President ?
keep fighting Elizabeth Warren
@ComposerBarton okay Injun Liz 
You are the racist one!! You made fun of the Native Americans by pretending to be one!! You mocked them #HighCheekBones.#Racist
THANK YOU for being the brave, powerful woman in the Senate that WE NEED! Say the word, 'cause we got your back. Keep on pushin'!
You WILL be silent and respect the rules to which you agreed when you were sworn. You don't get to pick/choose. #zipyourlips
He might as well have said "shut up and go make me a sandwich". So disrespectful! Didn't he violate Senate rule 19? LOL
prove it
I won't be silent about a lying senator who has her own agenda. We will get you out! Watch
like the derogatory comments you made about trump?
Thank You
Lying about your ancestry to further your career has no place either.
keep up the good work.
he said mean things once along time ago 
Thank you. We need you.
stop lady you need to respect the usa
Keep fighting Sen. Warren. Our lives are on the line. Deeply disappointed with Senate confirmation of AG, but we stand by you.
It's been a long time. 
But isn't it more Christian to forgive?
We even forgive murderers and set them free.
No to hate.
currently senator...THEY have been just plain smarter...what are you going to do differently?
#TheResistance
@SenSchumer you both are nut cases. I am a independent. Get over yourselves. You both are the reason Deomcrats lost!!
It wasn't just you they silenced, Liz, it was millions of downtrodden people who have no other way to speak truth to power
please we as women appreciate it.
Thank you and keep it up! We are behind you!
