You need to go away
Why? Could it be because she keeps her eye on the goal & speaks truth to power?! Some people are afraid of women who are smart & outspoken
Speaks the truth? Pocahontas speaks the truth. The lady who lied about being part Indian. Right. #liarliarpantsonfire
Is that all you've got?
good thing Hillary isn't president she couldn't be truthful or uphold the law either.
OH PALEASE. You know nothing about Hillary Clinton that you didn't hear from fake alt right propaganda.
I know that she voted for the Iraq War, & the Patriot Act & doesn't like Medicare for all. That is enough for me to not want to vote for her
Yup
You should resign. Why have you been lying to the American people all these months and wasting our taxpayer $$$$
A good day to remind everyone that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted.
Holder is no longer the AG.  Sessions is and HE is now under investigation.
When a lefty does wrong, no case but a righty is guilty no matter what. Loretta Lynch, were coming after you. #lLibsareISIS
When a righty does wrong, no case but a lefty is guilty no matter what.  donald trump,  we're coming after you. #CuckservaturdsAreSHIT.
If #cannabis is set back by @POTUS administration,  Trump will lose in 2020 to ANYONE who runs and is pro cannabis. #FireSessions #growapair
No. I don't partake but know #Veterans with #PTSD  and people in pain that use #cannabis instead of prescription opiates and alcohol. 
Anyone who wants me to trade my med cann for booze and opiates better e ready to fight!
Yep. You are not alone. Fight it will be. @jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump
We do know of AG Sessions truthfulness.  We know of your dishonesty.  You need to apologize to AG Sessions.
As are you, senator. So, let's talk about you using false Indian heritage to receive benefits. You should resign.
Is that all you've got?  Get a life.
@propornot NO! Sessions should be Prosecguted for Collusion with enemy & sedition! Do your job Senator! 
Don't Coverup!
You mean like Obama with the Iranians?
TRUTHFUL??? I bet it took you all day to find that word. Am I wrong High Cheeks?
You are insulting and mean-spirited Mr. Bannon. You are a big part of the problem in this country right now due to your influence of POTUS!
Hey Gail, this isn't really him
Thanks Elaine.
As a senator we need you to be honest and truthful. Oh you are not capable of that so you should resign asap.
especially since he seems to have such a faulty memory. Anyone who "cant recall" more than he can recall is not fit to be AG
Why was a Russian attending a small GOP campaign event w select guests? how can Sessions say he doesn't recall a Russian at the event??
Sen Warren--any1 involved w/donnie should GO! Y isn't there demand for a new election after Comey confirmed Russian interference in ours????
The People of the United States of America are sick & tired of our wasted tax $ being spent on liberal/msm created lies against our potus!
It's not trolling it's facts
Why is "your media" fair and accurate?
Allow me to remind all libs that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted! 
Also we're not talking about Holder. Try to keep up. I know there are some big words flying around.
Just pointing out the hypocrisy.  You'll never admit it. Holder finally begged Obama for executive PRIVILEGE & the little whiner got it!
He should never have been appointed and approved to be AG. Now we must correct that mistake. Trump & his entire administration needs to go.
He should lock you up, along with HilLIARY, the DNC and others. #SethRichCoverUp
If everyone who the #Democrats have asked to resign did so, there'd be no one left to protect us from the Democrats
Hmmm.. You didn't say the same thing about Comey and his lies and leaking. Hypocrite!!#
YOU RESIGN!  RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!
He will after he puts Hillary in jail. You know your friend who broke the law hundreds of times.
Hey #Fauxcahontas,
Senators must be truthful as well! Using your same logic, you should resign too!
#Liawatha
AG Sessions doesn't lie but you do! Stop attacking this fine individual! You should resign for failure to abide by congress ethics! Lier!
Did you ever question crooked Holder and Lynch?  Didn't think so!
Y thank u Pocahontas......
This is a Lying Politican and we should not listen to her 
Then so should you.
You should be arrested for impersonating a Native American and stealing a job from a LEGITIMATE minority! You have ZERO integrity! #FRAUD
Why the hell don't YOU resign? You can't hold a candle to Sessions!!
Why don't you resign, you are a Complete failure.
I couldn't agree more.
This is rich coming from someone as dishonest as you are. Without double standards, you'd have no standards at all.
Really Pocahontas? Sessions should resign? Coming from one of the biggest fraudulent, lying Dems is ironic hmm?
You first. And take Chuck & Maxine with you.
God, Really?? So Delusional. Sorry sister, you will never be POTUS. Stop Trying So Hard.
You're hypocrisy is unfathomable
You're the one who should resign fake native.
And you should be put out of your misery
what did you say Lieawatha?
Why Liz? Is there something Sessions might find out about you? Getting a little perklempt are we?
Rediculous u need to go back to the reservation u freaking hypocrite
We'll if we're talking about upholding the law we must talk about Loretta Lynch interfearing with Clinton investigation. She obstructed it!!
Why don't you lead the way and resign.......you are so full of yourself and we, the People, are tired of you and your BS!!
Says the lady lying about her native American Heritage. Had any more $400k speeches lately?
Thank you, Fauxcahontas!
Shakes my head  You supported #Holder and #Lynch.  Thanks for comedy hour 
Lizzie please...you wouldn't know truthful and honest if it pretended to be a feather and jumped into your headdress. We are weary of you.
You've got that right! Might be hard to find someone qualified out of the pool they've been picked from!
You forget Hillary and Holder
Holder and Lynch were OK, bur Sessions isn't. Got it.
as well as and all members of congress to be truthful in everything
do you have any idea how this makes you look? Dems are losing supporters. YOU'RE LOSING YOUR PARTY........ FOREVER.
It's funny how everyone talks about the Presidents tweets. Some of these other people are a lot worse and they aren't getting called on it
Exactly what do you mean?
I don't know what you are smoking in your peace pipe fakeahontas but you need to stop your stupidity is unbelievable
For what reason, all u do is spew hate
I couldn't find where you had said the same about Holder & Lynch. Suffering from a case of hypocrisy?
Well, then let's re open Hillary's Email case . And truly uphold the Law.
Except if your name is Eric Holder, right?
but Holder and Lynch were fine upstanding AG's right? You're a ignorant hypocrite
Elizabeth Warren is all full of ought to and should, and lies with every breath
I think you should resign. You're an embarrassment to women and politics.
What did he lie about?
US senators should be truthful. You should definitely resign

If you can't stop leading and promoting hate you should too
you need to resign for being a nut ball to.
You should resign Fauxahontas! You, like the UniParty, the Clintons, & your Wall Street donors, have raped the middle class! Swamp Critter!
You should resign. Marxist!
Such a hypocrite! Do something great! Resign!
'Truthful'
Just how did that do for AG Eric Holder, & Loretta Lynch?
The people crying about her being Indian are the same people who scream "white power" without realizing they have black ancestry #hypocrites
since we're calling for resignations, I'm calling for urs.
For ur info, I believe the AG. You should resign. Dbl standards for Senators and congressmen. #demandtermlimits #Americansemployeethegovt
So should u.
#BenedictDonald
#TreasonousTrump
#DontheCon
#TrumpsChumps
#PutinsPuppet
#worsethanwatergate
You have lost your mind! He has not lied about anything! Hillary, Comey and Lynch need to be put in jail!!!

#TheResistance almost killed 4 Republicans in a ballpark 2 days ago with their"any thing goes"message of HATE against political opposition
Can you imagine the uproar from the Republicans and Fox News if Obama had done even 1of the things Trump has done.
You should have told this to @AGLynch not Sessions.
-What would you know about being Honest or telling the Truth?
I want to know if he pledged loyalty to Trump.
Resign before or after he's indicted???? lol
At least he didn't fraudulently lie about ancestry to advance his career.  You should resign.
You bet now
You are a huge reason why Repubs are being shot.  Have you no shame!
You should re-think being far-
LOL! Let's start with the DNC first! @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @MaxineWaters @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo
It's not your call. Sessions is 1000X better than the last 2 AG criminals, Eric Holder & Loretta Lynch. Sessions persists in spite of you.
Go away. What about fast and furious. Holder is a crook, but that's okay?
You, Fienstine, Green and especially 
Waters should resign. Many more could list.  PT was elected by the people legally.Let it go try 2 help
You lie a lot. How about you resigning?
Thank you Senator Warren for holding their feet to the fire! Someone has to and as it appears there about 4 of you who are serious about it.
Yeah you should probably step down yourself with the untruthful part. Glass houses and all..
Perhaps you should resign.
Can't actually see that to be honest.If you can't get an impartial to agree,maybe review.Or do you have extra information I am not privy 2?
Ur an idiot
He's a proven liar; let him appear before the Judiciary Committee
I feel sorry for you there is something really bad mentally wrong with you !
And you should stop being a Native American 
Lynch and Comey weren't truthful but the hypocrites on the left are ok with that
OK Fake-a-hontis, tell us how truthful your lying self is
What did you not understand? If @POTUS wants to invoke Presidential Priviledge he should have the chance. Not that it should be expected.
Our AG is showing his colors. In time we will learn what he dared not say. His injury to the judicial system & Voter Rights are even worse
Where were u when Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch were in direct violation of their sworn oaths? Oh I forgot! Their Democrats They get a pass!
I think  resignation  should start with Pelosi, then Lynch and Comey should be charged  with obstruction
And mueller should recuse himself too?  No?? #conflictofinterest
The only liar is you pocahontas.
Nobody cares what you think Pocahontas
Jeff session is a racist p,o,s. Yes he needs to go him and his boss donald trump and steven bannon
honesty?!! You need to check yourself on that one!
This coming from you? You're so corrupt, your bank hides from you!
@SenWarren should lose her job.  Classic example of preying on the weak lower class to push agenda.  After HOC hearing, she shouldve resignd
so, I think should you!   consider yourself when tweeting ABOUT LYING!!!
Or like the "I can't recall" Clintons?
You mean like being truthful about your ancestry? #hypocrite #FauxAHontus
Any senator that LIES about their Native status should resign!!!
Like your buddies Holder and Lynch?
You resign for faking ethnicity and stealing from people who lost their homes
We're SICK of your BS. An attack on Sessions enforcement of Law & Order, nothing else. Frankly, we want you out. RESIGN
You make me tired  Please.Stop.Talking.
You resign Pocohontus
Please resign for lying about being an Indian.
Warren you should resign for lying about your heritage. Take the test. DNA? The truth will be revealed. Sessions stays.
@AGLynch should then resign!!! She above all proved how deceitful and conniving a high level official can be!! Call for her resignation!!!!!
Anyone who has a fix income like you and is worth millions needs to be investigated and claim to be Native American needs to be fired
Why? Are you saying he is lying?
Truthful? As in Native American truthful.
Agreed.
Why didn't you ask the same of @AGLynch ?? Liberal hypocrisy
that spying apparatus hasnt been dismantled or curtailed by trump either
You talk about the truth? Hilarious. You should resign.
PLEASE, please take more action against Sessions! I WANT our Dem's to hold his feet to the fire! No more pussyfooting! This is not the time!
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/03/flashback-chuck-schumer-meets-vlad-putin-new-york-city/ …

Schumer should resign Russian collusion!
You're the last one that should be tweeting about being truthful. #imanindian #hipocrasy
LOL, truthful, truthful? LOL..that is very amusing coming from one who has made lying an art form. If anyone resigns it shld be u
you're not fit to shine his shoes you hack. somewhere out there a reservation is missing their crazy entitled white lady pretending to care
YOU WILL NOT GET RE-ELECTED--WE KNOW WHAT A NUT AND SNAKE YOU ARE!!
You should resign Pocahontas!
so that would mean Lynch, Hillary, Holder and you should Have done the same. if the truth is your litmus for serving.
Wow, you're hypocrisy is quite unrivaled there #Fauxahontas. @AGLynch didn't resign after her failures to tell the truth. Get over it.
I totally agree. Away with him.
