Oh, quit bloviating, Senator. No one cares about your miserable SOCIALIST AGENDA anymore. It's institutionalized failure, so quit LYING.
Th problem with too many unions is that they are in bed with management pretending they are standing up for workers. No joke.
NLRA needs 2 b made stronger so that itz easier 4 members 2 file DFR's against the union when they r improperly or inadequately represented
You are one of the biggest liars, thieves, cheats on MA & DC, taking benefits that were for REAL Native Americans, you 1%er Hypocrite
what is newsworthy here? oh right you once again voted against somone! you vote against anyone @POTUS puts up, no surprise, he got confirmed
You voted against OSHA smh,the very people that keep blue collar Americans safe from work hazards,Occupational safety & health admin,really
Why because he isnt an igmorant libtard like you and the rest
Please run for President!
No one will vote her in
Would you like a cookie or a medal #Pocahontas
You are our Wonder Woman in a live-action go girl don't let them destroyed us. Elizabeth Warren's
What does this LIAR know about hard working anything! Dump the FAKE in November!!
Vote her out PLEASE.  she has no practical solutions just NO. We can do far better than Elizabeth Warren
SHE IS A LIAR!
I just love this woman. She subtly throws her potent punches that drill holes in this administration #LectureThem #TakeThemToSchool

Thank you, Senator Warren!
Don't thank her. She is lying to you and everyone else
It's going to be funny when you're forced into retirement
Or forced into prison
Nice!!!
@MrEdTrain @NLRB
Translation: I gave into union mob bosses to swindle Americans out of massive amounts of tax dollars. You're not fooling anyone Warren.

If you're in a hole @SenWarren you stop digging you spendthrift Big Dig Budget Busting wench!
If you got a business.  You didn't build that.  Our roads built your business."
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Did you also remind your colleagues how your an impulsive liar and a fake Indian? And lie to get what you want?
She is real!!
*fake

Sen. Blumenthal Ct. Vietnam veteran (NOT) Sen. Warren Ma. Cherokee Indian (NOT) Two liars that must be drained from that D.C. SWAMP @POTUS 
"National Labor Relations Board"

can't wait to vote against Elizabeth Warren.
You vote against everything, absolutely useless Swamp Queen
Sorry to ask these question but you people who represents US from my stand point are well taken care of in all areas our return is bad
This may be off a bit but how does Congress justify their pay raises & their healthcare coverage
We do for people who actually work, not for the lazy ones that screw up, if you work hard, it does nothing for us
What's your plan to end Slavery in the United States?
If you voted against it then everyone should definitely vote FOR it!
Bet you had no problem at all with@BarackObama unconstitutional appointments to that same board since they were leftists.Did ya #Pocahontas
A senator that's on their side wouldn't hurt either
Yes Lizzy, at all cost u  Dems keep Bobama job killing policies. Do NOTHING to help us get good paying jobs. Block Jobs Block Jobs BlockJobs
WARREN YOU ARE WORTHY OFF NO PRAISE
Something is seriously wrong with you.  Cannot put my finger on it but there is more to your story.
And an EPA and DOE and FCC... sadly I see a trend #sigh #resist
You vote against every decent person.  Your mantra.
Get off the reservation @SenWarren !!!!!
You're a lunatic liar, you have zero plans or ideas to make things better in america. Resign immediately
Thank u Senator Warren for speaking up and out about Trump's attempt to keep working Americans in a feudal system! Please watch her video!
Hard work has its own rewards ,work harder to get ahead in life, don't sit on your ass begging for hand outs.
Why is it Democrats can't convince coal miners to vote Democrat? Ridiculous for them to vote Republican--the party of their bosses.
You and Hillary are one and the same, pathetic.
Thank you for standing with the American Worker and fighting against American Greed.
Liz, you're such a scatter brain. We need less of you and your reteric .
- You and Obama opposed a FAIR NLRB for over two years! BIGOT!
- You and Obama stalled the appointment of a Republican NLRB Board member for over two years! You don't care about the people or the NLRB!!
Of course you would, why let us American workers have the freedom we need to do what we need to get the American dream.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for hardworking Americans.
Mrs Warren. Please shut up. You are a distraction to the work that needs to be done.
No liz we need a NLRB that follows the law.
Trump nominees all are anti union anti people
I belong to a union, and all they do is protect the, screw ups,and bad workers, good workers,suffer for it
If represented you I would not want you. You sound like so many I like the money I get paid but union is not for me  Get involved make gains
The union is your business agent  no reason to defend total screw ups who are too lazy to work, real workers carry them
Your policies don't work.  How much proof do you need.  Stop with your politics and retire, vacation somewhere.  Just get away from us
I was hoping she would move to Canada  but taxes are too high there,for free health care.
No need for more corrupt bureaucrats, stupid regulations, and policy that take our money.  Check any business channel.  Jobs are returning
Yes! Yes! ,they are, but a lot of people don't want to work, government gave them a free ride for for too many years
You pretty much vote against everything...no need to get up and explain.
We don't need the nlrb at all.
Obstruct obstruct obstruct. How do you say that in Native American Liz? She obviously doesn't like anybody. #MAGA #DrainTheSewer.
I just do not get it, why the middle part of the country cannot see these truths. Middle America is supposed to be about decency & fair play
The NLRB is nothing more than a shill for stupid unionized fuckwits who pay dues to fatcats and get nothing in return.
Lying Lizzie Warren just stop the socialist demo-liars lost the election people r getting full time jobs now & not shit jobs u dems created
You vote against everything lieawatha so who cares.
...if the union is certified they loose all individual rights and their voice is silenced. I know. I've been there.
The NLRB that O built worked against the average employee. Quickie elections, etc took away their ability to fend off a union org Drive...
Does this women have any good ideas? Or does she just bad mouth everything?
The NLRB is supposed to be a non bias agency.  Shouldn't businesses need the NLRB on their side as well?
Time 2 dump the libtardmod progressives ur not 4 the constitutional American by by pack up by by
And your on the side of American workers ? Middle class is getting HAMMERED!! What have you done for us
SSSS@A
Liz you have voted against the majority of trumps nominees. I only wish I could vote against you
You lose.
You are causing the side show. Stop
That's pretty funny how Democrats do that and then try to blame someone else typical socialist Progressive communist Democrat BS
Yep we have proof Clinton and Obama were involved in collusion with Russia
When you say "their side" you really mean Pro Union and Pro Democrat. We need a FAIR NLRB, not a political hobby horse.
They do nothing for real workers, just bail out the screw up
Village Idiot
Thank you for standing up for us!
GOP plan to abolish all Labor Laws protecting workers since the New Deal. GOP same German idealogy!
No they don't, wake up
Still working hard with other dumocraps to destroy the USA I see.

NLRB is bullshit! Like you and your fake Indian feathers
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.

Politicians side w Global alliance like you? No we want Trumpomomics.
I think Pocahontas has been hitting that peace pipe a little too often.
Has there been one nominee that you did vote for? So that's really no surprise. They all suck and will be the ruin of the country. Putz
POS-OTUS Trump and the Republi-Klan Party truly hate America and so do people that support them.
Thank you
Thank you for continuing to fight for us
Dear Εlisabeth.Should have endorsed Bernie.But you already know that.Lost opportunity of the century.
Oh my yes,make us like Europe, a go nowhere nation, you should get a job, and see how real world works
Actually am a very successful businesswoman living in Keynesian Paradise (still)Europe.
Then your like bernie profiting off poor,while pretending to represent them
Ok so now you pathetic politicians want to cater the the middle class and all - HRC not getting elected or was the Trump win ???
Actually Liz, wouldn't it be nice if they were on neither side but were just fair and neutral. Novel concept for you I am sure.
How about voting to eject scumbag liars from the Senate. They should be, right Liz? Here is a picture of a known scumbag liar in the senate.
Who won??!
Ur vote is about ur hatred for Trump, the fact u can't get over the loss. U hate Trump more than you love USA. #GetOverIt #OutOfTheWay
THANK YOU.
Thank you, @SenWarren.
To all of you complaining about immigrants taking your jobs, how do you condone Trump getting 15,000 visas 4 immigrant workers 4 his Club?
Lol !!!!!
Holy crap, what have you voted for.
Most negative person I've seen in Congress.

There you go you just won most negative person award
You voted against him because YOU don't like Trump! At least GOP was honorable enough to give oblubber his STAFF!
You wouldn't have voted for him even if he was God
Don't we want an NLRB that is fair, neutral and follows the laws?
Thank you, Senator Warren for giving me yet another reason to adore you!
What reason is that?  Lying about her ethnicity? Practicing law without a license?
You are like a rash.  Irritating
You mean like the OBAMA Administration was? 
You have voted against every nomination to date
Why not an objective NLRB? Why does it have to support your ideology?
The only reason why you care about workers so you tax and healthcare us to death $ give to non workers don't p on our backs & tell us rain
Hardworking Americans needed a president that was on our side!!  Suck it up Buttercup! #CrookedHillary  #MAGA  #lovetrump #byebyedems
What work?  She lies.
What's your voting record regarding Trump nominees? 0 for ?  You are what your record says you are... A loser!

Thank you. Although it did not work this time, keep pushing back.
Warren, you would vote against God if Trump wanted him to serve in his administration
Can you please run for president
These two statements appear contradictory.
Magnificent as ever! Keep pressing!
then you should leave now,you have never been on the worker side, coal miner steel worker auto worker and so many more...
The Senator will take her seat......PERMANENTLY!!

 Geoff Diehl has our back.
who cares! You voted NO TO AUDIT THE FED! Shame on you. $9 TRILLION was given away from people, countries, and banks and you want it secret!
Those 2 NLRB spots were kept vacant on purpose for many years in hopes that Repubs would regain power fill them with anti-labor creeps

What the working Americans need is for Dem & Rep to start acting like adults and get your job done by back the President!
You'll soon be known as 'one & done Warren'.....but we'll always remember you as Liarwatha.
Exactly what parts of that critical speech do you find to be untrue @nhBirddog?   Please enlighten us.
The Dems are just as bad. Labor suffered big losses with Dems in control. NAFTA, CAFTA, PNTR and years prior the deregulation of trucking.
If #Trump cured cancer you'd find a way to criticize. Your a #phonie #liar #fraud #minoritymyass #fakeIndian You are why congress does squat
Elizabeth - you really need not tweet this out - we already know that you will not vote for any Trump nominee!  Obstructionist!
You not just tell us you are voting NO, but you give us detail information why. Thx for keeping us informed. Please keep doing what you do.
Senator he is trash talking to the World calling a U.S.State,New Hampshire a Drug Den! 1st of all that's Reprihensible!And I'm from Texas!
I would like to hear from Trump employees on how they are paid and treated!
This is why democrats won't win 4 a while.When you oppose everything just 4 the sake of it, real issues get watered down & don't stand out.
You have done everything in your power to destroy hard working americans just too advance yourself
Lol
Yeah,no ideas or suggestions just criticism.Weren't you like 1 of 4 sen. to vote no for FBI director? #ResistsEverythingAutomatically #MAGA
Please clone yourself and run for Senate in Pennsylvania...Pat Toomey is not what we need
We don't want her in Massachusetts.
Sorry that we disagree. But we can still have a civil discourse. Thanks for your feedback
Thank you
NLRB has more problems than Marvin Kaplan.local regional problems are often swept aside at months end. This is no secret. Fix this!
Obstructionist witch. #screechingLibtard
Warren your corrupt !
Very erudite. What am I even saying after all she's a Law Professor......
It's really too bad that Trumps poor working supporters don't hear this list. As things were done individually it didnt seem like a big deal
You vote against everything, your vote is becoming meaningless
To all 6 people watching your little HS Civics speech, they were orgasmic. And @SenSanders too. #MAGA
They call it,wearing rose colored glasses
You would vote against god if trump nominated him
Name calling is easy, whats your solution to NKorea, Iran and the Russian cold war You are starting?  Stick with doing nothing and screaming
Fauxcahontas this  argument is bogus. You will vote against anyone or anything @POTUS is in favor of. Your #TermLimits is up by MA voters!
Thank you @SenWarren for standing up for worker rights.
Really?  Did she accomplish anything?
you are evil Pocahontas, very bad motives and UnAmerican
@SenWarren is my Senator. I'm proud as hell the people of Massachusetts support her and that she supports us.
If Warren supported the People, she would work for the People! The People voted & majority spoke! Democracy!
Vote
The NLRB makes employers AND unions play by the rules. Lots of ULPs filed by employees against unions & employers. It goes both ways.
Kinda like acting like your heriatage is maybe like pochontas. You're a very confused woman.need to stay quiet and seated. Don't ya think?
Constitutional crisis.
Trump alone removed Congressional funding.
Approved by Congress.
Funded by Congress.
Congress alone controls budgets.
U will be voted out soon good luck to u .Not
Love your dedication and consistency. You are a credit to the Democratic Party and the American People.
Even though she lied about her ethnicity to get a job and she got busted for practicing law w/o a license.
Sit down!!! Bahahaha
Only scenario that makes sense is that they know when Trump is gone they can remove all,of these lunatics they just confirmed
Just keep on Resisting!! Voters r watching!! Bahahaha
Right on 
WE DON'T BUY YOUR NON SENSE!! We want business people running the country! should we want unaccomplished poor to lead? U R not very bright!

How can you say you are for the American worker when you want to let in unrestrained amount of immigrants to take Americans jobs? Hypocrite
The jobs immigrants take are not joss americans want-they work on farms,wash dishes,yardwork. Is that the job that you are afraid of losing?
Lieawatha voted against Trumps nominee because corrupt labor unions are and always have been major sources of democrat funding
Are business owners hard working Americans?
Are you aware Trump removed funding for veterans Choice program?
Please inform everyone of Trumps actions.
We don't think your colleagues heard you, they were too busy shouting "RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA!" https://rawstreetjournal.com/elizabeth-warren-tries-to-focus-democrats-on-healthcare-while-they-are-obsessed-with-russia/ …
Warren is ISIS !!!
@realDonaldTrump and his admin are all for big companies and the wealthy.

As much as they lie, they care not for the average American
Yeah, sure. You’re right.

Wow. You’ve convinced me. OMG. Just wow! Thanks. Wow, wow, wow!
