I'm so dissapointed, Ms. Barefoot! You are so predictable! Like most Hollywood celebrities, you had 2 be a liberal Democrat!
To each their own, in my book. I love my friends and family who are proud conservative Republicans. There's enough room for all of us.
I agree, even if you are wrong!
Warren you need to be investigated for all ur all ur corruptions!
#alternativefacts
Continued ----  now I can understand that stupid grin on his face in the Russian photos. God help us with this crazy man in the Oval Office
@POTUS has showed us he has the mentality of a third grader. Gave classified info to Russians to make himself feel important and buy friends
None of this is normal and we are getting no where. When does our outrage turn to something else Senator? When is enough enough?
How about Joe Biden!?
Call the DOJ directly at 202-353-1555 and demand special prosecutor. It will work if enough people do it !!
what about you sticking your head in the sand on the Hillary email investigation..oh yea..Hillary above the law
You got that right @SenWarren.
In a commencement speech you said no one is above law, let's see how you feel during Hillarys trial.
haven't you heard?  He has a #certifiedletter now!
Dear Pocahontas do you want to investigate whether they discussed vodka imports ?
He can and will.
Dizzy Lizzy u r something. But it was okay for "slick willy " to huh.. this chain is obviously on the HELL TRAIN right where ya'll belong.
Omg, is that possiblel
Liz the Indian girl just realize that this country followed the wrong really honest & forthcoming for 8 years of your odd party
Emails Benghazi
There is no evidence and it time to move on
Is the Republican Party a cult?
...zzz...
did u ask 4 sp.proscution to investigate hillarys's email destruction or obama's 400 mill pay off to Iran, beghazi or hillary/russ uranium
The person whom will chose is the acting head of the FBI.  Who reports to the Deputy Dir of @TheJusticeDept  Amazing you've been reelected
Sand....ass....same thing really....
Russia is over. Dems have nothing left. Stop embarrassing yourselves. Work for the people not personal politics. HRC lost. Get over it.
Well, all you have to do is get 2/3rds of the states to agree to change the Constitution, then you're golden!!
Your silence enabled the rigging of the 2016 primary.
@TheRealSAJ19 @realDonaldTrump Unfortunately, a majority of those in Congress lack cojones...
oh yes he can.. deal with it
Like a honorable lady well said. I would have said head out of their ASS!
I cannot agree more.  Investigate this impostor. He only has ambitions of getting more rich and also for his friends.
Please add @SenatorBurr  to all of your tweets.
@elizabethforma. Get ahead of this. PLEASE check out @mikefarb1. It's ground zero
I totally read this as "get their heads out of their ass" dear Senator. 
Bless you, you Okie gal you!
Go GET 'em!
Enjoy a @realDonaldTrump press briefing.    #mypresidentisahabitualliarandconman
Pretty sure #congress head is firmly planted in a far dirtier location.  #fifthpointofcontact
Repeating wgat JFK  said: " the best Congress that money can buy" ask Ryan...30 denari...
Oh, he can just appoint Ivanka.  She can do anything even find her daddy innocent.
he is the president deal with it
He is your president and has done nothing wrong, get over you self, hilary lost, the people spoke, grow up and do your job!
Comey was not the only person investigating, the investigation didn't end because Comey isnt there, maybe now there will b forward motion

We've heard for months that there is "No collusion." This farce Democrats are pushing needs to stop. Do some real work.
Not gonna happen.  If she does real work, she can't grandstand.  Needs to keep her name in front of the public for POTUS run in 2020
Time 4 u to quit smoking Nancy Pelosi & Maxine Waters homegrown CA there is no Russian influence show the proof or shut the hell up
I think Congress has it's head someplace considerably darker and more smelly than sand.
The constitution disagrees with you. Go back to law school.
Pocahontas, the President has the power to fire whoever he wants.The Russia crap is just an excuse because Of the election loss.GET OVER IT!
Sally Yates!!!
Can I suggest FitBabes stay out of politics.
what about the bengaghzi investigation and the email investigation? You don't care about those do you pochohonis.
Sand, I think you mean ASS!
Agreed how can I help
And you need to get your head out of your a--
BLOCK THE TROLLS. THEY'RE NOT WORTH IT.
It's time for Congress to get their heads out of somewhere,not sure it's sand though! dRumph must not pick anyone to do this investigation.
Please protect us from this Evil
@SpeakerRyan this administration should not be allowed to appoint anyone while under investigation #DoYourJob #impeachtrump #russia
we the tax paying working people of America do not
To be fair, your head is elsewhere, not "in the sand".
Gurrrllll their heads are in th sand, they're up #CzarTrump's ASS
Actually he can. Read the Constitution you welp.  @AlexisinNH @AMTrump4PRES @bluehand007 @RealJamesWoods
It's time for Warren to get her head out of her ass see what's going on. Let your hair grow so someone can pull it out of it gets stuck.
Sand? That's a nice way to put it...
I rather have my head in the sand and not up my ass like yours is Seek mental help Lizzy
You're being nice!
Rosie accused of child abuse once again!!!  https://freedomfirst.news/2017/05/03/breaking-rosie-odonnell-accused-of-child-abuse-for-second-time/ …
Neither can you and I have more faith in @POTUS besides your on the way out of office!
1st order of business is to go after those that faked being an Indian in order to gain personal advantage
@SenWarren I agree with your words. What has happen regarding Comey sends signs of mistrust between the White House and the American people.

It seems this will be a long and painful process, but it's going to take as long as republicans want.
If they keep sticking to Trump they will go down with him.
Muzzle for your mouth would be nice.
Why did you lie about your ethnicity to get your overpaid professor job, Fauxahontas?

YOU are what's wrong with America.
Hey Liz you are circling the swamp drain !
@realDonaldTrump is a fraud and a traitor to the U.S.
Did you write a letter to aipac to get most of the funding

Is it true you have 9 million in an account to re run
It's time for you to back a real progressive agenda and stop red baiting. What happened to you? Sell-out.
Question EW: Who influenced our primaries more, The DNC & Corrupt Superdelegates or The Russians? Who gave Russia Uranium for cash? Hillary
When you win elections you get to pick.
No he should not!
I don't think that's sand they need to pull their heads out of.

Don't you think the GOP knew Donny was a joke? Pence is like going from the frying pan to the fire. We all knew it #revolution #feeltheBern
