Trump thinks he can destroy Obama's legacy by repealing his actions. Foolhardy. Every step he takes improves Obama's standing by comparison.
Hey Liz how about that kick back program being canceled? Bet that's gonna hurt your pocket book! First Paris climate now this. Food stamps?
How do we stop this?
These scumbags just want another great recession again don't they.
#americanumberone
You are truly paranoid. It's at point that you should seek professional help.
Wells Fargo STOLE my home in 2010 (all payments made, condo had equity) w/lies & manipulation cuz I asked for a refi.We NEED a strong CFPB!
I noticed your tweet, Marge, and I’d like to look into what happened. Please send a DM with some more details (no acct #). ^LM
HOW? Is there no fillibuster anymore? How was mcconnell able to block everything but now push through everything?
Not sure, but know how he got elected! Pro-Putin Ukrainian billionaire kleptocrat $$!
The criminals gearing up to destroy the middle class
I'm sure Jesus must approve, since #GOP is steeped in Christian values right? (gag)
Yeap. It's about time.
They must be stopped, we can't go backwards!
This is the unconstitutional CFPB?  Unaccountable?
Good.  About time.
Well, now I can skip my annual colonoscopy.
This bill it's unacceptable
they do everything on the sneak, dont they. we'er  trying2 get the truth about  psycho in the WH, wouldnt they want 2 get rid of this sicko?
What is your recommendation?  We know you're against anything the Republicans propose, what do you believe in?
Amazing! A bunch of thugs.
About time
Can you do anything about this??
Perhaps business as usual should come to a halt until we impeach this useless potus. We need someone at the helm that cares.
This is so outrageous. So we give Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac another chance to ruin our finances.
Draining the swamp, huh... ~ http://GGA100.com 
#Fauxcahontas is a liar and fraud. #DoddFrank is all about killing off small banks and creating an oligarchy of super banks that fund dems.
This is just another thing that trump wants for himself and his friends not a help for the country  What a sad day in this country
Where is the broken heart Not like button for Destructive Greed?
Oh no!  Gut your pet project that hasn't helped anyone?  What will you do with your time?
Please, can't the Dems and whatever SENSIBLE GOP Senators (aren't there a few) there are STOP this wholesale gutting of our country?
@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin 
Citizens have zero protection from the evil greedy GOP
Help us!!!
One thing GOP doesn't want is their operations under close scrutiny. Their mantra "less govt" same as less control and less accountability.
Oh B.S.
Thanks, Repugs.
The @POTUS is too busy boasting over his big plan to improve vet healthcare while cutting benefits in Trumpcare-its a coverup for self gain
If CFPB was able to catch Wells Fargo, credit bureaus,&Citibank doing wrong, why do they want to eliminate them. Oh, right they protect us!
OMG. LYING LIZ. More Dems lies and you Libs buy this and then spread hate. LOSERS. DEMS ARE BAD FOR AMERICA #MAGA
You'll just make more money!
remember now more than ever "how you do anything is how you do everything..." so FIX this! @tedlieu @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Doing this during distraction of Treason senate hearings?
Disgusting!
Why are you letting it be "rammed through" #ResistTrump #ImpeachTrump
RAM IT THROUGH! And thank you President Trump for putting TAXPAYERS first! Something Dems would NEVER do!
What happened to dumpy trumps drain the swamp wall street execs etc...oh...he can only speak lies thats right
Republicans are corrupt in every way.
You know, we the voiceless, are counting on you, the elected, to protect us from this unprecedented self dealing and cronyism. Defend us
This will end badly as it did with Bill Clinton
Over regulation stifles the American spirit!  #CommunismSux
Like the dems did with Obamacare!!
We need you at the con Senator Warren! Keep up the watch!
how do we stop this freight train of terror
WTF!
Dem leaders, please don't allow this to happen.
Repturds made it where they don't need Dems for anything. Dems have been made irrelevant. Even takes fewer Repturds to agree. Voters unite!
The operative word is RAM. America thinks that operative word is SCREW YOU . Thanks Pocahauntice2 warren
@chrislhayes but all we're talking about are Trump's tweets
well,of course they did...sneaky
#Followthemoney Rep. Hensarling gets his money from money people, imagine that.
Like a lot of people, I lived through the mess in 2008. I just can't believe what this story is saying. It is just nuts. Shame.
Hi, Warren. Will you sign up for our Thunderclap in support of the CFPB? Help us reach our goal within 13 hrs:
Greedy SOB's
That's good news
Ram away GOP!  You will be out in about 2 year!!
Your bill was a terrible federal intrusion.
They need to be stopped! Please Senator Warren rally the Dem party behind you unify with Bernie and save America!!!
SENATOR WARREN  WE SHOULD BE ADDING MORE SAFEGUARDS!
I hope U&UR friends will not allow this 2pass.This is bull crap-hell everything they do is crap 4the nation.They dont care about citizens
@HouseGOP taking care of business....es instead of constituents
Well if obama was for the act it was probably no good anyway. And should be repealed
SENATOR WARREN ALL THAT HAS HAPPENED IN OUR GOVERNMENT THE RALLIES IN THE MARKETS DOES IT MAKE SENSE,?
You ae devoid of serious intellectual thought..You would make a Great VP candidate running with Maxine Waters..
As someone who spent over a year unemployed after the 2008 crash, this makes me very angry. 
This is Awesomeness 
Look at what you democrats rammed thru! #Obamacare is what the REAL problem is and your party and president unleashed the nightmare! HELLO?0
SIGH.
@RepMeehan, what's your stance on the @CFPB and the benefits it provides to citizens through financial protection, which we NEED after 2008?
Good I hope they undo everything Obama did we will all be better off
STOP THEM
I'm so sick of these self righteous jerks! There's going to be a long list of things to fix again when Dems take back control!
@msnbc @USA  Citizens- Man the phones & tell GOP if make business illegal & citizens are scammed= GOP extinct party.
Well it doesn't have to make it through the Senate! I appreciate your warning and outrage. How about working to BLOCK the legislation? Pls?
Such a tool Warren is.
Another attack to American working people. Who is going to protect us from greedy financial institutions?
don't let it happen!
Liar!
That is what voters voted for when they vote  Republicans in office
The party of the rich will do anything to fill their backers pockets at the expense of middle and low income! Shameful!!!
These actions are the quid pro quo for their "donations"! Power, money and greed! Disgusting!
Agreed #wrongchoiceact repukes are owned by the too big to fail banks.
While cuddly s run wild through forests on four feet, he & his cronies insist on running wild & ruining the economy AGAIN on Wall St.
You are a liar. Cause of 2008 crash was bursting of a housing bubble primarily caused by government manipulation of housing market
Pass me more,from the little ppl's plate,please!
"INSIDE JOB" 2010, great movie to help understand publicly & privately what happened, who involved, still needs to be done. DoddFrank sucks.
What a shame... make middle-class Americans pay for all of those decisions what is Shame make America broke again
That's Dems SOP. Ram it through at midnight.
They hate CFPB so that's out like health care
Why don't you go on Morning Schmo and answer Jeb Henserling
if Wall Street does well  American does well
Not true
Glass Stegal!! We need Glass Stegal!!

We need for enterprise and jobs not socialism and loss of freedom and control to the select elites and primary beneficiaries of socialism
Everything you stand for I stand against
Why is this info not a surprise!
Do a bill that anything a illegally elected president is reversed
Are they aware that they are rich because of... you guessed it... consumers? #dumb
And consumers have jobs because of. you guessed it. ....the rich!.Ever get a job from a poor person?
Trumps whole agenda is to undo anything Obama did. He says he is not a racist, so he must sure hate him because the people still love 44
Anything to gain $ from business & ignore their job..which is to take care of US & constituents. Hope their opponents keep track of votes.
Ridiculous!  I am in financial services biz.  CFPB audit is the only audit that is feared!
The CFPB has protected a lot of military members from payday scams, illegal reposessions and mortgage fraud while deployed and at home.
Awesome???
Why are they taking everything away? #Dictatorship 
Who you going to screw if it's not the consumer?
Anything that triggers you is definitely a good thing. 
Why not, they are doing it anyway.....it has already happened.
elizzy the freak is just an obstructionist, and needs to resign & drop the Lie.a.honas part of her lying life!
democRATs need 2 stop lying 2 the people of America the democRATic party just thinks the American people R 2 dumb to look out 4 themselves!
Tweeted from her $5 million mansion... another steaming pile of hyperbolic garbage.
I hope they succeed.
All anybody has 2 do is watch the utube video of liarwatha having no answers 4 congress on how the tax payers will be spent on this,she's 
because the socialist left hates individual success unless you can tax and redistribute
Of course they are...if the GOP continues, the economy will be destroyed worse than what they did to it in 2008!  Just a matter of time!
This is how I feel-
That sounds accurate
W/Wall Street executives at the helm. Irony or a divine plan . Reasonable reduction in cost>benefit in regs is sensible. Beyond that, 
YESSSS FINALLY! While you guys do nothing except scream Russia
Of course they r, if they can find a way to screw people they will with glee
the only thing this administration has done is UNdone previous good works
Look for all sorts of inhuman sh*t to get rammed through soon. They know 45's days are numbered and they want to sew their poison first.
Right. Not fair!  Democrat majorities never did that
this happens each time there is a trump distraction. should be breaking news? has to get out. @cnn, @jaketapper @ChrisCuomo
Stop them all
Hey Pocahontas, enjoy the last days of your last term. We, the people will not miss you
Yeah.....you are original. In your favorites twit.....Sad
Why do Rs hate poor people?
Please ma'am, protect my rights as a consumer against fraud and please impeach Trump. #ResistTrump
Those mf-ers...I'm so sick of this. They are supposedly the party of Christians but lack any godly virtues or ideals.
What the hell is happening to this country. Do these pundits and millionaires have absolutely no scruples? Makes me sick.
NO THEY DON'T!  They are CROOKS...ALL OF THEM!  DON'T FORGET THAT NEXT TIME YOU VOTE!  GOP=GREED OVER PEOPLE!
Id just be happy if they got rid of Dodd Frank. That has to be the biggest "small business" killer of them all...
What can we voters do to stop this? Enable your voters to do something to stop this.....where are the rational adults in a Republican party?
You BULLY innocent American swith your CFPB, fine and disperse money to your Leftist causes. aka money laundering mafia style.
Is this another @realDonaldTrump win for average Americans?
Of course they did. Why do they hate people? Serious question.
let's man-up
Of course they are.
Of course they are, bc they are taking every single good thing away from every American they can! People are leaving this country in droves!
you have no idea what you are talking about!
GOP..handwriting on the wall.. Americans have had enough of your BS
one would think
#BadChoice
Making gluttony and excess great again.
#fauxcahantis 
#termlimits
Do you ever have anything positive to say? #MAGA 
They do something positive and we might muster something.
So much for been pro-America. Losers
CFPB is a mafia racket with you at it's head.
Sure Pocahontas
Oh the timing.
Well of course they are.
You are so filthy Warren.  So corrupt.
