we could use a dozen more like you in congress Mrs Warren
Thank you Sen Warren for continuing to advocate for better student loan rates. My daughter has student loans, as will I after graduating.
After earning a PhD & obtaining a professor position you would think a home loan could be next!?!? But NO, not with student loan debt!
I am not asking for a handout. I am just stating it is unfair that mortgage company treated a student loan as BAD! I can both!
I can pay both!
How would it feel if you could not get a home loan because you have a car payment?
I get sick when I THINK about what dt has done to OUR COUNTRY!
What has he done in less than 5 months? You can't name one thing I bet? I can name many with the tool Obummer that caused permanent damage!
dt is a thief robbing the people and giving it to the rich! He needs to grow up! Starving children and SENIORS! RESIST!
Your out of your mind another snowflake no sense in being civil!
don't ever forget we have the nuclear option.We want no bill by you.Your a corrupt politician that only cares about herself not the people
think about what democrats have done since mr trump was in office,and that will show you what these hateful unamerican democrats are.gotrump
Introduce term limits poco!
And this is why its time to drain the swamp. Get new people in the Senate that are looking to move this country forward.
Time to get some new young blood in the Senate.
Going to go profit off the misery of some more of your constituents? #foreclosurequeen
why do we need democraps/libaturds when all they do is keep blocking everything are great president does,remember when each democrat runs
That's nice. I am still wondering though, the DNC and Clinton involvement in the murder of #SethRich
when each democrat runs for reelection we will be there to vote each one out.they do nothing but divide and hate speech mr trump,go trump
do something about Dept of Ed DeVois cut funding for public schools in favor of charter - poor & rural children hurt by that (no choices)
PPL need to vote no real change until GOP in minority
We don't need updates that you are opposing something , its a daily occurrence.. A lone text stating that you oppose everything will do.
Good luck. 
Just sit down and be quiet. You haven't done anything of merit for anyone. Earn my respect by addressing COST of higher ed.
Shocking, you appose an appointee.  Partisan hack
You should step up and have a DNA test to prove your heritage and that you deserved all the benefits you took but didn't deserve? #Hypocrite
OMG you're always heading somewhere to OPPOSE someone or something do you ever have a positive view on or of anything or anyone. So hateful!
Please stop David Clarke at DHS
Sorry sitting squaw but nobody will listen to you anymore !!!
my my my ... ppl?
Pocahontas you are an American Home Grown terrorists and should be removed from government
Don't worry Brian.  The good people of MA are tired of her Bull Shit, and she'll be Primaried at the next election
you have no power,thank God
You Dems are in for a big surprise soon. BOLO
Why give me 3 real reasons and not political bs
The reason students have so much debt is because #frauds like you get $350K per course. This is yet another #phony #talkingpoint #mapoli
Because you're a flaming communist!
Fight the good fight, Senator Warren! We're with you!
You've all lost your liberal minds
The party of No strikes again. No to progress and No to making America great again. Dems want to keep the poor slaves to Big Government.
until Dems control all 3 branches the refi bill won't happen unfortunately
How's your opposition and resistance working out!!! I'll tell you, no results just like your Senate career.
You, hillary and ever since selling out Bernie are what's wrong with the party - get out da way and let somebody likeable, young & fresh go
Just go away already lizzie. You're wearing thin.
Vote Warren out
we should vote against anything you are a part of
Senator warren, your thoughts on set rich please?  Do you have anything to say about that?
Let's cut pay and benefit to senators and congressmen for students tuitions
you're special kind of "opposed" Lmao, can i call u Pokey
Hypocrite. PAY BACK money yu STOLE from students by lying about Cherokee blood!
Demented hag
Keep opposing Pocahontas.  America will be opposing YOU if you ever try to run for any office again!!
Following you ... Always
I will
Go back to being a teacher. You're much better at that
Per usual, you're incompetent. We the people are not electing you aholes to stagnate in congress. Get a grip, let the system work, do ur job
no need for tax cut! companies are only paying 20% effectively
This woman is a treasonist,obstructionist snake! Cant wait till shes removed from the swamp! 
lizzy, you are insane. take your meds
Trump won election and his choice for his Admin. Not the job of the corrupt Democraps!
Along with Hillary, you are my hero
Warren wasn't in congress when the democrats took over the student loan program but she knows the federal government is making billions
SENATOR THEY TRIED TWICE TO IMPLANT A VIRUS ON MY PHONE  TO SILENCE ME!
Showboat
Why oppose Rachel Brand? Enlighten us as to why you oppose someone with her credentials and experience with last 2 administrations.
If all the evidence we have against @HillaryClinton is BS how can u w/sound mind scream Impeachment over gossip frm #Anonymous
Obstructionist #chickenlittle
Good! Thanks! 
Get em Sen Warren!Culd you plz consider runnin 4 Vice-Pres for 2020?I think you wuld be great at it-USA ppl not ready for a woman topoticket
@Sue4allofus what about David Clark.  He can't work in govt
Gee go figure obstruction politics
In fact the nomination of a new FBI director should be suspended,called off in light of new Comey memo revelations,investigation proceedings
why oppose Brand??? Harvard graduate, bipartisan, clerked for Supreme Justice, worked for Bush & later appointed by Obama.
Why do students have to redo? Because hypocrites get paid $400k to teach 1 class. Follow the money.
More liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a WAR being waged against US CITIZENS by the dishonest liberal politicians & media.
Rubio, dis is the US of a??? Papur??? Hear??? what have you done???
You taking all that $ to teach a class was paid by those loans you fight to lower. You're part of the problem
Sen. Warren, the people of our country need all the help you can muster. Whether it's the DOJ, DEPT OF EDUCATION, and the Who's B.S.! UR #1
Thank you!
Nothing but an obstructionist for no good reason. A political monster to the people of America. Explain 20 trillion in debt? You are evil.
Don't forget to wear war paint
You would oppose free millions for all Americans. Get off your stump and deal with the real people. Go Trum
Why are you opposing other than you're an angry dem
You have joined Onward Together to crush the Progressive movement. Shame.
Sen Warren is a angry women what is her problem she needs to sit down and chill out
Wow the President just scored 3 more points. MSM 0,  Dems 0, president 137. Knock knock any brains in there? Hello hello. Fake News :)
You are going to oppose?!  Wow that is shocking.
let'em have it!
Pocahontas
You oppose everything! Why is this different??
So are we gonna let 45 make duplicitous speeches to our military without pushing back with truth.
Repeal 45, Replace Republicans  
#RRR2018
Good. You gotta stay on top of this stuff while @realDonaldTrump tries to divert attention with @realDonaldTrump misdeeds!
You're going to vote against something?  Wow holy shit! Who didn't see that coming,  you obstructionist.
Good luck with student refi.  Makes a lot of sense if we are going to bail out wall street or auto industry again...
You would oppose Jesus if he was nominated
Yelp
So Lizzy, why don't you introduce a bill to INVESTIGATE WHO MURDERED SETH RICH? What are you Loberals Afraid of finding Out???
you are a good reason for all of you to be under term limits.
And you Cock Trader are why it's a good thing abortion is still legal.
No one cares what waste of time you are
Why do u oppose every person on Trump team.i mean u even opposed a fellow senator.is their not one person you might like
What else would you do since You're in the Party of "NO" that's about all you have got... NO ideas, NO solutions, NO compromise
Senator Warren, please defund Sheriff Clarke's coming position. He advocates suspending habeas corpus.
Thank You!!!!
Bank on Students = Cash in bank for Pocahontas
Never read. That the reason so many poor underperforming graduates are pressed to take Fin. Aid? They're a promise of state income for years
Persist, Senator, persist!! #ProudOfYou
You have opposed every one President Trump has nominated. You sure you are not just being difficult because you hate Trump?  That's my guess
Good luck with that.
I hope u get voted the hell out!!  DO UR JOB NOT UR B.S.  GET THE HELL OUT
Lets do this!
You don't really give a damn about students little missy #Fauxchahontus .Miss 6 figure salary for one class.
Are there any nominations you haven't opposed?
Lizzy, doesn't oppose the Indian nomination! She so badly wanted to be one!!
Thanks for the heads up got a chance to watch
It so encouraging seeing people trying to do actual good for this country. Thank you.
Warren lmao all they do is obstruct at least Republicans voted for some of there people
Sometimes things need to be obstructed. For OUR benefit
Not everything I mean don't Washington work for the people.they don't even try to work together anymore
Agreed. I woukd prefer a total restructuring of our government
Good luck!
All you EVER do is obstruct progress. SIT DOWN. REMOVE FAUXCHANTIS
thank you
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!
Keep fighting @SenWarren we're standing with you!!!
There should be no Department of Justice positions being filled until special prosecutor is named.  Period.
Blah blah.bLah I bet you get your news from the Internet. can't fix styupid.
GO WARREN GO!! #Warren2020
You oppose literally everything for party politics Pocahontas
For what
Don't forget to watch the indictment action unfold!
James Brien Comey: How did the FBI Director make #1 on America’s “Most Wanted List”? NETFLIX $60B LOOT PARTNERSHIP
