NATION IS BEHIND SINGLE PAYER- use CONGRESS HEALTHCARE PLAN AS MODEL FOR ALL THE PEOPLE
Why arent YOU president? You would have killed both noodles. #USALLLOYAL#love #RESPECT
Not the Americans I spoke too.
Our begging, our pleading, our trotting out scenarios after repeal - all fell on deaf GOP ears.
The people that are working is who wants it repealed it's Killing working citizens.the ones getting it free don't want it repealed
It would be helpful if when you post you could speak English in a coherent fashion.
Americans have begged to repeal.
I hate seeing Native Americans begging.
I hate seeing trolls spewing garbage
Me too.  That's why I called her out.
Ok, bot. Makes a lot of sense (bot sense).
Am I a troll or a bot?  Make up your mind.
There will be hell to pay mid-term if this passes. Trump base will then realize how this affects them and how they were duped by swindlers.
Your lying again.Too many people have asked the president to get rid of obamacare it was a lie and you passed it
The GOP & 1% want poor,  disabled and elderly poor dead we are a waste of resources to them they can't shoot or has us
Please get rud of it.  I am going broke paying for obamacare and having to pay cash for my healthcare and operations.
No we want OCare repealed and replaced..Pay http://attention.you  lost in November
Your frenzied frenetic behavior shows your neediness to be all things to all people and the reason for the Dems collapse
Sadly
They are repealing subsidies to wealthy insurance companies, not health care.
You're confused look and listen again.
Amazing that the GOP has turned US citizens into beggars, while the swamp gets entitlements they do not deserve....
American democracy is officially over when we have to beg our legislators for our very lives
Who said your going to lose your ins.
The Dems, CNN, MSNB, etc..
unfortunately, they are not listening - Heller & Portman are 'yes' - they all need to be voted out ! GOP is only working for the wealthiest
there r  more rich dems than repubs, so I guess gop working for the left
Do you have a link to your source, please?  thx
the capital research center
thank you!
HEALTH CARE IS IMPORTANT FOR ALL.
Begging never got us anywhere. It makes you look like a sniveling milquetoast.
Repeal it
Strong, courageous, hard-working, pro-Constitution, intelligent Americans never beg. They go out & fight for what's right. Only liberals beg
What a piece of trash. Written with #GOP to fix health insurance for all, don't fight to preserve a #shitstormaca that benefits few donors
I pray you can find 3 Repubs who still have a heart.
Go back to your "Indian" reservation and beg for forgiveness you fraud!
Not all Americans agree w/ u. 4 every story u have of people who say Obamacare saved their life is a story of people that says it didnt.
As @SenJohnMcCain receives first class medical care, he may be one of the deciding votes to take it away from tens of MILLIONS. #voteNAY
He has great insurance. Congress needs to have the same insurance we have or we need to have what they do.
There is always tomorrow. If Dems can coalesce they can turn these evil people out of office. Learn the lessons of 2016, ideologues.

Please ruin In 2020
Why are people being charged $30 for an Tylenol at the ER? #coverthecost
We've got to fix your mess y'all are not doing anything about it
When the American public adamantly did not want Obamacare, you were silent and voted for it. Well what comes around goes around. Loser!

Get on your knees #Pocahontas and beg some more, otherwise you're going to H-E-L-L.
and the people are begging you to please shut up and sit down like they made you do in Congress still love that video
no only liberals have and by that i mean they have whined and cried.  us we want it gone period "repeal" end of story that's what we want.
Repeal Obamacare so businesses can hire and work people 40 hours or more.
That's not true you speak with fork tongue Pocahontas
Begging won't do anything, only thing these republitards understand is money & power.
We can't control their sources of income, but we can vote them out of office
There will be a huge revolt if they fuck with my health care. I take psych meds.
YOU LOST, GET OVER IT.
Please don't stop fighting for us. I'm a nurse and not only will I lose my own insurance but my patients will lose aid they desperately need
Can we challenge in SC if the pass an unseen un scored health care plan without proper prossess?
I just updated my healthcare power of attorney, living will & will.  The GOP will murder me with #lupus.
McConnell and his stooges love to hear us beg.
@JerryMoran #MoranOut @PatRoberts #RobertsOut #Kansas #healthcare #HealthCareVote #ACARepealDebate
Leftist Americans begged not to repeal. Trumpers begged in favor of repeal. Trumpers never wanted Obamacare. It was rammed down our throats.
Thank you for caring about all of us @SenWarren !
Don't beg Senator - fight.
Today @SenateGOP care more about millionaire donor tax cuts and not their constituents. I know, I know I'm stating the obvious
Losers
Once again they did not listen!  Americans need to rise up and shout! Find your senators local offices ... stop by in person, organize
Actually, the majority of Americans want it repealed. That's how @realDonaldTrump win the Presidency
Your passion is just the tip of the iceberg! The American people will vote these people out ! The GOP will see an uprising like no other...
Americans need to speak loudly in the ballot box. Unfortunately they never do!
It doesn't matter @senwarren. PA's been screaming itself hoarse @SenToomey, he doesn't care. Only cares abt his agenda - not 1 for the ppl
I thought that was nagging Pocahontas!
PEACEFUL PROTEST LETS GO
Take your loud mouth and help make a better health care bill do your job snot nose crybaby
It is broken like your value system.
As am I, the one that needs my health care. Without it my life is a living hell
Done begging. They don't give a damn, only want to spite @BarackObama. @SenJohnMcCain is the worst hypocrite of all.
How did we get here?
That is another LIE FROM ELIZABETH.  Me and everyone I know say VOTE YES.  Sorry to expose ur lies Pocohantas. 
Who are you kidding.  It's true, Obamacare is better than nothing.  We need a change or much improvement.
It a travesty that people who have 100% govt funded healthcare sre voting the rest of America to not have healthcare.
You ever hear the saying "beggars can't be chossy"?
ure, they are...that is why your pathetic health care bill is imploding. Health Care insurance companies are bailing out of Obama Care.
Remember this......
America should have universal healthcare
HOW, Pocahontas!!!
The game is fixed, Senator.
Ocare will soon be toast. This is America. Free market. Want socialized health care? Move to UK. Hopefully your babies are healthy...
How is it that @SenateGOP doesn't hear the clear message from the American People?
Why are you afraid to have the issue debated?
There is hope Brookings Institute released serious Dem candidates 2016 are jumping in races. Pls vote
Doesn't matter ..Try to generate some maturity with this novel thought....We can't afford it!That's why it is imploding 
Wake up ..grow up
I was praying and telling Trump to let Obamacare crash and attach your name to it!!
We begged @TheDemocrats to not pass #ACA, but you did anyway. So we took the Senate away from you because you can't be trusted.
You do not speak for me, Sen Warren. REPEAL ACA NOW!!
I was begging 7 years ago and you didn't listen!  Karma is working.  Work with Congress to make it better or zip it !  Good luck
Hmm everyone i talk to are begging to get rid of OC
WE THE PEOPLE KN UR LYING CHEATING POLITICIANS ENRICHING UR SELVES ON #OBAMACARE EXEMPT & STEALING WE PEOPLE TAX$.WE PEOPLE GET DEATH PANELS
We should not have to beg Congress to protect our health. Thank you, Senator for continuing to fight this travesty.
Why do they want from us why are they trying to kill us
Liz the Alarmist. Ur little trolls follow u and believe ur nonsense. Sorry real Americans know who u r. #MAGA #DrainTheSewer. Dems obstruct.
Wrong lady!
But you did nothing all last year, Senator. Remember all the carping about do-nothing Repubs?  Your turn.
That's all I have done for weeks and look where we are right back to fighting off the greed that does not represent the people of our nation
Excuse me but, republicans wont bulge. I appreciate all your effort but a bully needs a different and strong pproach.
They plainly don't care about healthcare. This is only about the tax cuts. That's why they have no REAL healthcare bill to present
Be tough. The more they push a bad bill, the more and harder, you need to push back with #SinglePayer Make their greed our opportunity.
Dissolve the #GOP immediately and replace it with another party altogether. Kick their sorry asses out. Why wait for 2018?
You live in a dillusional world.
Stats please!
@SenateDems Millions of Americans including me has ask the Senate to repeal Ocare. Try telling the whole truth.
Don't bother. It just gets them off hearing us supplicate ourselves. Now is the time for #ACTION & #REVOLT!
Revolt by recalling them, why wait until elections. If you're going to pay anyway, might as well be for something you can control!
why bother?  Those who voted for them shud get a taste of their medical 
Wrong
#GodBlessAmerica #Thanks @SenWarren begged @SenateGOP but,Trump manipulated Republicans same @CambridgePolice Defendant liars lied still Win
Begging to the GOP boys is useless. The time for half measures is over, Senator.They only respond to their own needs, not those of d people.
Your great at begging.  How about when the American ppl (over 60%) begged you and Party to not pass Obama Care...but you didn't listen did u

It will be done snd u are out of touch with reality
No. Public opposition to Obamacare is the reason the GOP controls the Senate.
It's ugly when you keep begging. Move on!
Who won the election? hint: it wasn't the Party with the fake Indian."The People" hate Obamacare.Faked staged attacks at public hearings?
2018 vote the GOP out
Democrats have done e etything to undermine the GOPincluding lies to the ppl. Dems cannot b trusted
You can beg all you want; you are still a loser and a liar. How's it feel for the shoe to be on the other foot?
You have got to be the biggest BUFFOON in Congress! Shut the Front DOOR!
Really? So when Republicans ran on repeal and won, that was really saying they don't want repeal?
Spare me the dramatics! 
Sorry but they don't give a shit!
If this were true there'd be more Democrats in the House & Senate.  You clearly live in a vacuum.
Why Liz?? When it can be created to be so much better?!?!
Sorry Lizzie now you all need to work together & do what's right for Americans! And it wasn't Obamacare!
Votem' OUT! #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht #TrumpcareKills #VoteGOPOut
Wish you had Obamacare!!!! And had to pay for it! You would change your mind! Pathetic
I beg with you I still live chat last down
@SenToddYoung says he doesn't care if I die.Fixing what is wrong with Obamacare would save my life, but not an option for Todd Young.
I begging you to go away
keep begging Pocohantas
Dems better start doing something. Completely bungling a once in a lifetime opportunity.
I sent my senator Todd Young a letter explaining that I will die without healthcare. Today he told me that he doesn't care. He voted yes.
More have begged for repeal just put us on your plan problem solved Pocahontas
No american people are tired of gettinf shafted by career politicians who care only about their pockets
If you had a real ACA it wouldn't need repealing. You failed.
Obamacare ruined me
Repeal!!!
They have been waiting too do this ever since Obamacare came into effect. This is about their hatred for Obama and Democratic Party.
ORANGEMAN WILL BE IMPEACHED PUTS RUSSIA 1ST USA 2ND Russia has bette5 Health CARE than America

obamacare is not sustainable and you know it. Instead of attacking gop, try working on a compromise with them.
It seems that the GOP would prefer to hurt all Americans than to look bad. They are about saving face not about caring for Americans.
What healthcare?
Actually, we put them in office to repeal this nightmare
The GOP would have to care about Americans...they dont...
Begging did me no good when my insurance co dropped out and left me with NO healthcare before that I had a 6800 ded and 600 mo pymt just me!
My death on Trump GOP!
Terminally ill
Homeless NYC
Needed an apartment to move forward with surgery long healing work
No Repeal
ACA works
Actually we have begged them to repeal it. You don't speak for 63 million of us. Try to remember that.
Maybe it's time to stop begging and do something about STOPPING them. They are not in control: they are supposed to serve the people.
@MorningsMaria sure as heck haven't offered 2assist in preventing ppl dying cause Ds ACA n do nothing attitude not cared bout destroying fam
Why don't you tell it like it is WARREN? Stop pandering
There's one simple solution to this problem let everybody get with the Senate the Congress and the prisoner gets for healthcare
History will remember the @SenateGOP as a group who gave up on America to take advantage of a disabled man with a pen.
I take that back. @HouseGOP is the problem. Senate is listening, with the exception of @marcorubio who is preoccupied w/ Venezuala.
@SenCapito @senrobportman Senator Heller ...Ding Ding...I hear you losing your seats in 2018!!! 
Americans BEGGED the GOP to get rid of the disastrous ACA. That's why they control all 3 branches of government.

Actually we asked our senators to repeal the law, that's why your party is in the minority and keep losing elections.
51-50! Bummer
Liz baby, pls shut  up.
The GOP is engineering a civil war. Either this bill fails or our democracy fails us.
#refusetodie
The people spoke. Deaf GOP tax cut 4 rich&  ready 2 destroy 22-47 mil US Citiz
HSS report ACA works
No repeal
Save Medicaid & safty nets etc
Minus me, Liz
BEGGED HAHAHAHAHA, they voted you our of house, seat and POTUS to repeal it. You aint to brite is ya.
Only saving grace if repealed is D's must go balls to the wall single payer. Appeasing centrist and repubs NO option. Tired of roll over
Please don't beg.  This is what the people wanted. Perhaps it will wake them up,perhaps it will cause a nonviolent revolution.
One more thing Warren... YOU.. WILL.. NEVER BE POTUS. #TermLimits
Ha. Your crappy Obamacare is gone
Now I can't afford to use my insurance thanks. This is just beginning you in Washington will have same insurance as you were employer!!!!!!!
Repeal.  Can't afford gov run anything.  Just stop this.
I'm sick
You're a liar you've never asked me you voted to take my health insurance from $800 a month to  $3,200 a month plus $15,600!!!! #TermLimits
Begging doesn't help.
And yet they did exactly that specially that cryptic mother fucker who crawled from his death bed to vote to repeal
Time to step up the fight, @SenWarren. More calls, more emails, more letters, more marches, more sit-ins. Our lives depend on it.
What about the millions who cant afford obama care anymore?it needs to be fixed.
Yes, we have to beg; I must also. Tomorrow we will dictate.
Here's a quarter ... Now go away ...
Why? I need health care now. O bama care. Is to high.
That's a lie.
Funny cause I haven't heard anyone begging, except people begging to repeal the health care!
Elizabeth god bless your un-conditional concern for us all....you will never be forgotten...
You going to pay my premiums? How about the 14k I owe out in medical bills thanks to people like you? How about you pay my bankruptcy lawyer
This sitting Republican Congress will destroy everything they can, for as long as they can. No reason to ever think otherwise.
Of all who are responsible for this
I cant believe what these republicans are soing to these people who really need health coverage ....karma will now take charge
We now know whos the true ...how they say it ? ...infidel.
Thank you!
As many or more have begged for repeal of disastrous O'care.
Will you PLEASE throw your damn hat in the ring as a contender.  The decent people of the US will get behind you just as they did Bernie.
It's really disgusting to me that MCCain, of all people voted yes
You all know they had a chance to give us healthcare and it bombed

