Democrats should propose real reforms to ACA. All big laws need reform after implementation to fix flaws. Show how
WE HAVE Tried !! They didn't want it fixed b/c it had Obamas name on it.
TOTAL BS
And Elizabeth from Cambridge believes she's Native American. Will she get the anti-pyschosis drug she needs under Obamacare?
What's that? She's not signed up for Obamacare? But she wants to force it down our throats?
I had a crummy first insurance ..I still owe over 97,000.00 for open heart surgery.  I am Alive, with insurance!
Do You Honestly think @SpeakerRyan CARES? He CHOOSES GREED OVER PPL #LYINRYANDEATHCARE Hope PPL VOTE HIM OUT
Nov 2018 cannot come soon enough.
You know this is Obamacare. Stop blaming Republicans
ACA paying for my cancer care. It's affordable. 2018 is coming @SpeakerRyan
NO ACA is not paying for your cancer care, My 28% tax rate is and I make less than Lliz,  thank me
#Trumpcare will do what he does, wreak havoc across the USA and take care of the richest people in America. #sad
Joy you are right and this is more then crazy
You are right!  Damnit! Leave Obamacare alone! Let it die
.@SenWarren I am fighting to stay alive right now. The #ACA has helped me suvive a nightmarish battle till now. Please save it! @SpeakerRyan
You resist?... Nope. Go away, buh bye
#resist!! #resist!! I need your help.. thank you.. #resist!! #resist #resist!! Nty.. cya
my husband has heart disease we have uninsured medicals that bankrupted us! Finally we got ins and now we lose it?
it's enough to cause nationwide suicide. Why pay taxes and bills we are going to die anyway
It's imploding upon itself..I have ONE choice for insurance, have to have a $7000 deductible...what do you tell me??
Wow Liz suddenly you are worried about Americans, what about the last 8 years?
PA family of 6 can't afford their skyrocketing Obamacare lose coverage. Get fined by democrates , lose their home
Offer a Democratic Single Payer plan now! Don't sit back. Seize the opportunity. NOW!
Are you willing to go use the ACA for your health coverage or are you still on the Senate healcare plan?
Glad you're now doing well, Ginna!
Sad, y don't u talk to family in Milford that lost member when a drunk illegal ran him over & dragged him down road.
How many ppl lost care 
 W ACA, lots. PPL lost Oncologist they trusted and clinics where they felt comfortable.

You are the real problem in this country. Way too much mouth and no action.Stop with the leftest outcry
No Lizzie old girl they won't be. Sorry no victims for you to exploit
Give all a PPO instead ditch all illegals
Let's put all of Congress on the ACA and see how quickly they pass a bill!  Get Congress out of its #ivorytower
can you say anything when my mother died in 2011 because she couldn't afford obamacare? And Medicare wouldn't cover
Yes or they will not be able to afford the premiums!!! THE SENATE CANNOT PASS THIS BILL
not if you write her a check rich white woman who faked being Native American
She'll have BETTER COVERAGE. OBAMACARE is imploding NO ONE will have Insurance. Dems/Obama left a friggen MESS
NO they will have more options. Read the report and stop the lies!!!
Yep. Insurance companies made sure they have Trump and the GOP bought and paid for.
Give up ur free healthcare since u can afford it. That would save $$$$ why congress and senate get free hc beyond me
I thought healthcare was supposed to be inproced not taken away from everyone to give the rich tax breaks!!
So go after the costs of medical care!
Any law that takes away insurance from a man to pay for the recreational sex of others (fem contraceptives), deserves to end.
Yes they will. But the GOP will "say a prayer" for them.
They also have a problem with the truth, supporting you.
rip denise
Liar. Just like yu lied about Cherokee blood to STEAL Harvard education. PAY IT BACK.
We are being penalized for buying our own insurance for a lifetime! ACA has cost us everything! Can't afford it!
#trumpcare my insurance has gone up 500 a month over 3 years why don't you help instead of being #obtuse #nopolitics
Obamacare was a disaster and you blame others for it? Convenient
This coming from a lying Indian imposter. Obamacare is a definite disaster for all.
Speaker Ryan & @GOP do not care. They have no hearts. They only care about repealing everything Obama.
How can they sleep at night?
One in 6 children born today will be autistic. This policy throws them under the billionaires' Airbus!
they should have to take a cut in pay. The nerve of him attacking the poor and seniors..
My daughter and granddaughter both have Epilepsy.  They never would have been diagnosed without the current ACA.
SAVE THE ACA!!
Pre-existing conditions are covered, if you can afford the premium--NEXT.
What if you can't afford the premium.
this guy too is heartless and a damn hypocrite. You think he cares?!
OH STOP IT YOU. YOU.. YOU
Excellent question Sen. Warren.  My sister was diagnosed with cancer just last week.  Will she lose coverage now?
Trump said itwas priced into your vote stupid america.
sad , tragedy
A disgusting attempt to unseat the little bit of security that these 24 M folks, many who voted DT.
again they don't care or listen as long as they make money.  Vote them out no pay or insurance
every woman in my family, grandmother, great aunts, aunts, mom, and I have had cancer what happens now
They have already told us over and over that they don't care! What are people supposed to do!?
Trump and Ryan don't care about us! They just want us all to die. 
Maybe. If they opt out of the ACA mandate forcing them to have coverage. Otherwise get coverage on free market.
Senator Warren Ryan/Trump don't care! They are grifters out to make money from super pacs! 2018 Repeal & Replace GOP
I have cancer and esrd. I have Medicare and supp. Think of those without. Young and old  TCare is a death sent.
And don't forget lifetime caps necessary
safely you can expect the likes of Ryan or Trump to care about anything more than their own agendas and egos.
Problem is they don't care. Plain and simple. Thank God we still have people like you to hat fight for us. #TrumpIsEvil
My mother inlaw has cancer and lost her coverage and pays more under ObamaCrapyCare!
can't be trusted and doesn't represent Americans.  She spreads #FakeNews & creates scare tactics. #StepDown@Warren @SpeakerRyan
MAhealth help them sign up, right you don't help just nag
I suspect @SpeakerRyan doesn't give a sh*t. He's still trying to figure when his balls disappeared.
But don't forget about FREEDOM of CHOICE and ACCESS. Something everyone already had, BTW.
Indian woman Warren you speak with fork tongue and snake words go back to your Tepee and smoke that funny stuff 
You can say that til you too have no  coverage and something kills you.  Good luck! Woman speaks truth!
no, because MA has Romneycare and MassHealth is better than federal option...
Not sure of that. Do you live in Mass? @SenWarren
quite true (we have our own issues, including double mandate penalty). Since MA had surpassed ACA, unaffected by it
So you had no Medicaid expansion and the fact that you use a Federal exchange will have no affect on you?  @SenWarren
victimizeing a victim Sousa rite w u libs lizzy

#Trumpcare Ryan intends to put vulnerable people in dispair and middle america uninsured and scared for their death
This thing is not actually going to pass, don't worry.
I'm sorry for Denise but I cannot afford to keep paying like 90 million others 1400 a month for ACA
Trump orange hair turning yellow. Ryan coffee breath melted PowerPoint presentation down. #TrumpDontCare
It's doing fine. The only serious problems with it have been due to Republican sabotage-- GOP govs and partisan SC ruling
Not if they're billionaires they won't. Seems to be the only species he's interested in protecting.
You should know by now they don't care. That entire part is full of hated, bigotry and greed. #Resist
really tell some more lies
Have 2 pedi cancer surviv grkids tnx 2 miracle work by Bos Child's Hosp & St. Jude's. What happens 2 them in future?
My uncle passed from cancer, Obamacare did NOTHING for him ...
Yes
Then they should inherently pay much more than my family. It's called Risk Pools. Insurance 101
Elizabeth we have to get people to keep fighting
"2026,an est'd52mil.pp wld b uninsured".That's a lowball.It'll spiral way out of control.Public health isn't "tidy".
awwww good.  End the Aca now
and without Planned Parenthood, there will be more pregnancies and children to take care of. Will they have coverage
you're right let's euthanize the poor
No, and you already no that.
anyone that went their whole life not having health insurance,get sick and now expect to be covered tough sh#t
now you want everyone to pay for you..your own fault..not everyone elses job to take care of you
all you crack me up..what about the millions working families lost HC and cant afford now due to obamacare?
stop this scare the people tactics!
If any of these people voted for Trump, then they can blame themselves.
fake Christian will does not care. Ideology and donors count, not people. 2018-2020 out!
give it up POS..people are tired of your hypocrisy
Please watch Bernie Sanders tonight in a town hall meeting
But her emails!
Probably bcuz Ryan and GOP don't give a  about us!
"I'm not that concerned about it.", says Ryan.
- of course
He doesn't care. He doesn't care about anyone.
Older / sick American you are doom,
So they can loose it now or in a year when Obamacare fails completely. Face it the Dems set this up not the GOP.
Either way it's a bad situation but lets not forget WHO set this up. What about us with the $12,000 deductible?
most likely.  But Ryan, lacking a backbone, doesn't appear to care a stitch
did you ever get an answer from the Speaker or President?
I, too, am a terrified cancer survivor. Oh sure, we'll have "access", but can we afford it?
cantbafford it now!
Lies from a Liar
If they are women, most likely ! We must stop GOP  assault on women's health care !
Headdress too tight again @SenWarren ?Your #'s wrong. I have employer insurance but I needed new Dr & was told as long as Oby care.
sounds more like #trumpdontcare than #trumpcare
.@SenWarren @SpeakerRyan 

FAKE-NEWS !!!   ANTI-TRUMP SMEAR !!!

FAKE-NEWS !!!  ANTI-TRUMP SMEAR !!!

FAKE-NEWS !!!  ANTI-TRUMP SMEAR !!!
what abt CHAMPVA & VA care?
Probably. Republicans don't care about us.
Sen Warren, when a person must elect between food and insurance, food wins. Need a better plan for USA.
We Stop Cancer by Stopping Pollution fr. Corp.s dumping N our Water & Oil Leaks/bursts. Stop Monsanto chemicalN Food
That is very In-Humane of the trump Admin. to be 'Incriminate People' 'because they havn't $' like the Wealthy !!!
Ryan doesn't care, and neither does Trump. #sadtruth
Very Sad
this is terrible and I can't believe how @realDonaldTrump lied 'everyone will have great coverage'. @GOP LIARS!!!
the sad thing is will they or others like them be alive to get to the long term Cancer Emergency Rooms we now..
We're all losers now. Run as VP with Joe Biden in 2020. Now,Paul,I'mACapitalist,butNotIntoF******FolksOverForALiving
My husband has MS and cannot work. I am supporting a family of 4. I cannot afford his medication without affordable insurance.
And if so who will be the other 23,999,996 to lose their health insurance?
It's despicable. Speaker Ryan if you weren't so privileged maybe you'd actually understand. No heart
there's no excuse for damaging anyone in this country if you have the power to do otherwise.  President or not.
we need to stop this catastrophe from happening and protect all Americans.
Probably they are more more concerned about repealing the ACA all because they are catering to rich Insurance CEOs.
The problem is Speaker Ryan is more concerned about tax breaks for rich. Hope he gets "voted off the island!" Goodby
There R Tens of thousands at least w/multiple Cancer relatives in their family. How 'bout Let them Stop Cancer!
he doesn't care! It's all about the numbers and the 1% tax cuts!
Sadly, almost certainly yes. Ryan is a sociopathic criminal.
Take a very deep breath and try to get past the hysteria.
Math isn't hysteria, sorry. Math isn't political, sorry.
GOP dont care about people them are just trump puppets right now
This is such disingenuous tripe, akin to citing a few incidents of rape &c. to justify killing multitudes of unborn.
why doesn't she buy insurance?
Who cares, Who care who cares. Ca p till is Ham whore, welcome to the US of a. HAHAHAHAHA. By my yachet??? Lang Nut!
who pays for it now?
#TrumpDontCare
I hope not! :(
time for single payer
44 and 46??
probably
