She nor her children ever even attended public school!
that's maybe true she is wanting to give that choice to every child nothing wrong with that, if u like ur school stay
Won't be an option if she defends public ed in favor of religious school vouchers. Separation of church & state.
worry about your child not everyone else's I am want my child to voucher to a faith based school
Great. Pay for it yourself. Taxpayer money should not go to religious organizations. Pretend she's pushing Islam.
ok if u feel that way then why is public schools educating students on sex, or same sex marriage that's not
Same sex marriage is law of the land. If you oppose inter-racial marriage, your feelings don't trump Constitution.
Didn't say if agree or disagree but it is not a teachers place to explain it to a person child let the parents do it
Thank u. Former teacher 23 YRS. PA. Disgusted that a rich b...h who looks down on public schools has no right to be head of edu.
Dems want more regulations that take away from children being educated.  How has that been working for 8 years
I don't know where you're getting your information, but you're wrong.
so u think that the Dems want core class taught in schools, federal funding is based on salads for lunch
Please demand that heads of federal departments submit to at least 2 hours of questions per state. 5 minutes is extremely careless.
hey Mike why change the rules now? Obama and his clowns screwed us up for 8 years.
Obamas picks should have been scrutinized longer, too. Couple hours of questions for a big job is too little.
good point unfortunately we can't change the rules in the middle of the game tho.
Sure you can.
the party of "fairness" wants to be unfair? Don't believe it
Obama had no experience at being president, yet you fully supported him. What's your point.
If you think the situations are analogous, you may need to address your own educational needs bf addressing public education policy.
Begins 1/20
If I read your inaccurate graphs correctly you have some from 1960 - can't blame Obama.
apparently the concept of a graph escapes you.
No, your timelime tries to suit your purpose.  Apparently facts escape you.
As a mom, I vote NO times infinity. If you guys approve her, our children suffer. And parents should hold you all accountable.
aka Pokahantes has no manners, refused to shake BDEVos hand, what a Hill Billy!
Wow, I can now tell my children truthfully that they can be whatever they want to be...as long as they have enough money.
did you have experience in the Senate prior to entering it. Obviously no....
education belongs at the state and local level anyway.
And Obama was a community organizer.  What's your point?
Let's set up an online college that is streamlined so the costs are minimal and not paying high salaries and all can affor to go.
Ashamed!
That's exactly why educators in Cincinnati are peacefully protesting!
This is beyond scary... It's terrifying!!!
never before in modern history have the rights of so many been in jeopardy. Scary is an understatement.
So disgusting...but if you want to be a school administrator, you need a special certificate and relevant experience. Insane.
you had no experience at being Native American... it didn't stop you
A most critical issue is educating students with disabilities; IDEA needs to be revamped... and she doesn't even know about it???
Unfortunately, Betsy lacks the experience.  I do not support her! #BetsyDeVos
most doctors have never had cancer yet we still trust their judgement, we must stop the failed education system you helped create
what do you report, Frazier? Mother Goose Tales?
#BetsyDeVos lied to Senate, claimed she was not on Prince Foundation board #BetsyDeVosHearing should end. Perjury, Contempt of #Congress https://twitter.com/jeremyscahill/status/821524884136325120 …
And you have no experience with being a Native American.
BOOM! Hey Lizzy, you're gonna need some salve for that burn. @SenWarren
@bently46 Not to mention actual Science, History or effective Health Education programs.
So?
I trust her more than you! #lying #corrupt career politicians created this mess. If you want to help, resign!
The whole staff has no experience in anything about life under a 100k a year.. and even the is nothing in today's terms
I want to tell you she is not alone running that division, she will have lots of good help.  Go have a tea to soothe your throat
She must not be allowed confirmation. She has no idea what this job is about, nor is she qualified to take it.
Wow, apparently I'm more qualified than she is to be Secretary of Education.
.@Sassycatz No, not really. @SenWarren
@bently46 Hers would not be a common core, but a common set of alternative facts
she has no education!!!! Be bold! Tell her to leave!!! We need an educator,  not a creationist!!!
take the example that she uses for chilean educational system by using vouchers..
She referred to a senator who said his schools need fences to keep out Grizzlies! she said they prob have guns as well
@Camo2Khaki_USAF #BetsyDeVos  where did you obtain your full federal experience before becoming a US Senator, financial lawyer(?)
does it matter that she flat out lied about being on the board of the Prince Foundation? Is that perjury?
#BetsyDeVos lied to Senate, claimed she was not on Prince Foundation board #BetsyDeVosHearing should end. Perjury, Contempt of #Congress https://twitter.com/jeremyscahill/status/821524884136325120 …
.@SenWarren
Barack Obama had less experience in private sector, but you didn't seem to mind. https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/821537815360049153 …
But she can probably explain her heritage and family history without getting "confused" like this howler monkey.
well done tonight! Please stop this woman!
She can't. In fact, none of Trump's nominees can be stopped thanks to Harry Reid.
And thank you for that Harry! Never thought I'd be grateful to that jackass.
enjoy your shoet lived time...impeachment will definitely come and the snowflakes will laugh n laugh n laugh
You don't know how impeachment works. Democrats don't have the votes to Impeach a fly. @UriBlago
and you think that there's not Republicans ready to pounce on him you don't understand how the Republican party works.#Russia
You obviously aren't that politically savvy and don't think things through.
☜ projection
She's a nut job. Schools in MI suck. She and her kids have NEVER set foot as a student in public schools. Pay 2 play.
Especially when she used the "Ralphie Grizzly Bear Strategy" to justify guns in schools. Unbelievable!
Not uncommon to see grizzly bears around our rural school. 35 miles from Yellowstone Park

Stay coastal, you libs would never survive "flyover country"
I'm Ex-GOP, Combat Veteran, Rural GA. Pretty sure I can survive. Left of fascist is not liberal. Wake up.
or of Indian heritage like yourself
Betsy DeVos has no qualifications for that job.
It's going to be an awful new world.
GOPs America: Being rich and white is all the experience one needs to run government.
Kim, do you feel our inner city schools are successful now? Would you like some statistics?
they need help, i agree. but I do not and will never trust for profit folks in education. Corruption!
If we keep doing to same thing nothing will change.
libtards will just want to throw more money at it. @KimAvosim @SenWarren @Marina_Sirtis
Only 4 small countries spend more than US per student. We don't get results for $ we spend.
that's because instead of teaching real subjects like Math/Sci, they're teaching SJW crap @KimAvosim @SenWarren @Marina_Sirtis
Replace math with "How to spot fake news". And we wonder why we're failing.
@Serabbi Howeva', she bakes a great apple pie
wouldn't eat her pie
....
what do you think the senator can or will do to stop her?
really hard to stop her as she has made donations to several reps that will be voting- nice example for kids
>u r the elitist arrogant fraud. U have to lie to get elected. Identity politics sucks. Devos told the truth w/c u r incapable of!
True!  She didn't know about Head Start and Early Head Start, both housed in ED, even though she claims 30 years' experience. 
Giving poor kids more educational opportunities is a disqualifying offense to u if unions dont profit.  #unionsoverkids #shameful
Education should be our choice not government brain washing as Liberals all do
you are a great voice in Washington and you're wasting it. You come off as a #dempuppet this week and tarnishes your reputation.
I would think you, of all people, would be excited about a fresh perspective to help shake up the education sector.
@ateacher97 thank you for taking out one of these on that fake nominee!
Not impressed by this line of thinking. How a private success story would fail in the public sector?? #youcandobetter
And you wouldn't even shake her hand, loser.
having "insiders" run education like u want gave us our sclerotic ineffective system.  Thank god for people like #BetsyDeVos.
Sen Obama had far less experience than #BetsyDeVos yet u thought he was fit to run entire country.  #hypocrite
: oh she didn't need to lie about her heritage to go to college and rip off college $$$$ to indoctrinate for a year.
no experience lying about her ethnicity either.
...POTUS Obama had no Military, HHS, Treasury or Drugs (wait he did smoke mariguana) experience & you voted for him twice? #Fool
So a persistent campaign of negativity, hurting the American people, so your party can win?Pell grants are not rocket science.
Really? YOU are no Native American, yet you found a way to scam the system for your own ends. #BetsyDeVos, we trust. You? Nope.
maybe if she pleads the 5th like every member of Obama office the dems would support her
you looked like a fool at the hearings, you can't stop nothing!
it's all posturing for 2020.
and you http://do.you  lied about being native American for your college. I paid for mine but then am honest.worked my way through.
is manning going to be your next secratary?you would make a good team. Traitor & Traitor LLC
Avg Americans have seen test scores decline while Fed Govt forces silly liberal policies onto our kids. Dems  TeacherUnion $
As opposed to your experience that qualified you to be anything?
And *your* previous experience in *elected* office was...?
The people with experience have made a horrible mess. How bad can she be!
Have you returned the recount money yet?
you on the war path
But she cares about allowing poor parents to have educational choice for their children instead of shilling for teacher's unions.
@MAHAMOSA 

Should've thought of the consequences when U chose 2 support a person under FBI investigation rather than @SenSanders
Honestly, what have all of the previous "experienced" Sec of Ed achieved? We have nosedived in Math and Science the past fifty years.
You're guaranteeing a 2018 blowout & 8 years of Trump with a rubber stamp Congress. It's almost as if that's what you want.
Give it a rest fauxcahontas! I wish they'd airdrop this b*tch into Syria.See how well her histrionics & faux outrage do her there
throw a tantrum
You had no experience as Native American but that never stopped you from trying.

she mostly home schooled her two daughters.
she'll be in charge of 98,000 public schools that around 90% of American families rely on to educate their children.
lets get a Wall street banker with experiance with trillion dollar loan programs in there instead Liz! Cuz experience!
good hope she gets .gov out of that business
how much did you get paid to teach one class?
By "experience", do you mean gaming or stealing from the system for personal gain, Lieawatha?
You have no idea about Rain Dances, Teepees, and the use of a Bow and Arrow - but you signed up to be an Indian. #Hack
You showed zero class. Going out with a temper tantrum. Pathetic. @realDonaldTrump
thanks for serving our nation. My wife is a medical doctor and 50%+ of her salary is to pay student loans.
perhaps she will be able to prevent using American Indian heritage to advance ones own ambition
She is NOT qualified.
your experience is in fraud and plagiarism, so you're not qualified to judge.
We get it, you have to pander to your teachers union overlords. All a sham, they will all be confirmed.
why do u hate poor children by not letting their parents choose the school that works best for them?
and how well has that "experience" worked out for us?  U and entire Dem establishment ran on the broken ed system bankrupting us.
Yeah, you have to study a lifetime to figure out Pellets Grants and loans. So tough.
Obama had 144 days in the senate.That seemed acceptable for you democrats. Let's let her fail before we crucify her.
and she's not a fake Indian
so we need a banker to run the dept?
Maybe you could educate her on how to falsify ones ethnicity on university applications.
But should the federal government be involved in that at all?
you are the Sen for people and we love how serious you feel for people in real need
and you have no experience in professionalism. You just couldn't shake her hand #BetsyDeVos
We need to curtail student loans that have allowed Big Higher Ed to steal the futures of unsuspecting 18 year old's.
And that, @SenWarren is a GOOD thing!
‘s experience was built on kicking people out of their foreclosed homes & lying about her heritage. https://twitter.com/SenWarren/status/821537815360049153 … #tcot
In fact, #BetsyDeVos has no experience with student loans, Pell Grants, or public education at all.
Really qualified to work for the people!  Shut her down ...
Elizabeth Warren doesn't even want to acknowledge that private education exists.
you don't have any experience with wampum, peace pipes, or teepees. What's your point!
In fact, @SenWarren had no experience with the Cherokees she claimed as her ancestors.
Love that liberals want Government healthcare and public  education for all but choose private plans/schools for themselves
yeah but she doesn't charge hundreds of thousands of dollars to run her pie hole at Universities either ...  You bubble head
#termlimits
when's the last time got held a job in the real world outside of government
you have no experience with #teepee living, yet you claim to be a squaw. You speak with forked tongue
Senator, Pres Obama had a ridiculously light resume in '08. The "no experience" criticism can't be used anymore.
And she's not 1/64,000,000,000,000,000,000th Native American like you.
Cherokee Liz ; taking the mantle of Chief(pun intended)Dem BS'er in Chief ("if you like your plan ,you can keep it") #hypocrisy
oh , and part 2 ; " the problem with Socialism is that eventually even run out of other people's $" ( Margaret Thatcher )
Shut up, Fauxchahontas!
how much experience did you have as a legislator before you became a senator?
thank you for speaking up. Please oppose this nomination!
#Fauxcahontas
Pocahonky!!!
.@SenWarren Barry had no experience but as an agitator. You didn't seem to give a shit.
Seriously, please inform me of your qualifications to be a Senator... Yep Crickets!!! You're disqualified for dog catcher. HACK
In fact, DeVoss has more Education experience than you have Native-American blood.
Hey LIZ...what damn experience did you have?
DeVos has more experience with Education than you do as a Native American.
#fakeSenator
what is your point? You cannot stop this, thank Harry Reid..
It's tacky that you did not shake her hand when she offered it. You set a terrible example.
and you have no experience as an American Indian at all
What experience did you have with the financial sector?
so help her out
translation: she advocates for charter schools, putting kids above teachers unions
Good.
you and all of your far left whack job pals are done.and we are basking in the light of the trash fire that was your agenda#Trump
grow up
Lieawatha Fauxahontas
Please go to the retirement center and take that hack Nancy Pelosi with you. #NotQualified
In fact, Obama surrounded himself with people who ONLY had governmental experience. Guess that's why he's a failed president.
but she didn't claim to be an Indian, so there's that. #PaleFaceLiar
Tell me about Obama’’s military experience before becoming Commander in Chief. How many on the Judiciary committee are ex-judges?
And what is yours? Other than claiming to be someone you aren't you have experience at nothing other than hypocrisy.
Umm, Obama didn't know private sector, so is that why he's been such a terrible president?
Good. That means she should have no problem eliminating the unnecessary & privatizing the useful.
What a drag for you Pocahontas since she's going to be confirmed.
How much experience being an Indian did you have when you lied about it to get jobs and tenure?
And you are not an Indian.
thanks 4 fighting 4 the u.s. People!
The Teachers Unions are counting on you, Liz. That money will help you forget the kids in crappy schools.
So what improvements have you made over the last 8 years? Maybe leaving it to the locals isn't a bad idea.
But u betcha she'll have a plan to resurrect Trump University
You and your husband making hundreds of thousands of dollars in education is part of the problem, no?
You sound like a hateful, spiteful and tired woman. A woman who needs a vacation from listening to democrats with only one agenda
neither do you.
And you have what experience for your current job? Pu-leeze. You're  afraid of school choice and less control.
The CEO of GMC has no experience in the use of an air hammer or engine repair so what is your point?
But does she know how to blatantly lie about her ethnicity to get a better position with more pay, or does she have some ethics?
--- This from a multi-millionaire @SenWarren who teaches at a private ivy league school. Talk about over-educated & under-skilled
We learned through your ridiculous questioning that the Dept of Ed gets $150B in tax dollars. BILLION. Insane. Failing system.
Can you count to 51, Lieawatha? @SenWarren
In fact, #BetsyDeVos has no experience with student loans, Pell Grants, or public education at all.
Hey #Fauxcahontas PowWow with #BetsyDeVos smoke some Wampum, its all good,dont B an Indian giver N she wont scalpU #WakeUpAmerica
Thank you for your tenacity! You make us proud!
great. Perfect CV for Sec of ED. Public ed is a disaster thanks to leftist like you. Are u going to go on the warpath!
And she never had to lie about her ancestry to get a job.
That seems to be the trend. Ppl that want to destroy the thing they have been tapped to lead. Anti-leaders.
aka the enemies within
God forbid we have some fresh thinking in Washington. The established hierarchy has done such stellar things in education!
Sounds like a perfect choice then.
It sure would be awesome if you stayed out of things you didn't understand.
Public education isn't the only education regulated by govt ..
& you LIED about being of Indian heratige to gain preferences - who is LEAST qualified - YOU
That's enough for me. Confirm her now.
She has as much experience with those as you do with Native American Heritage. #Fauxcahontas
Translation: Keep your hands off our tuition-hiking money-laundering operation.
And @realDonaldTrump never served in government yet on Friday he'll be @POTUS .
I'm begging you, please run for POTUS in 2020.
So she's as qualified for the position as you are for yours?
good!  Current shit isn't working except for the privileged like you!
Damn. Someone's messing with your kickback-and-indoctrination scam. @SenWarren heap worry.
Good. We need to eliminate public schools.
And you do? She has been working on improving education for years, as you work on improving you portfolio.

Get a clue.....
