we don't want Mrs King silenced we just want ur biase silenced
learn to spell bias. Then. Learn when the word applies. Then try tweeting.
Jealousy over the inability to pull off such cool shades. A common envy. I don't blame you.
and if I was gay. What would be wrong with that.
oh my look how quickly you backed off your insult. Coward.
reading out the letter written is a probably false statement. What was false. Was the letter not written.
And what was Mrs King lying about. Because it's a pretty famous letter.
look. Attack Mrs King. Defend Sessions. Dismiss the KKK comments. Be happy with your enabling
normal these days -down is up...etc....
I don't understand how this is allowed.
They claim it violated Rule 19 about impugning a fellow Senator. They forgot Ted Cruz calling McConnell a liar.
but he was told to stop & he did! She was told & continued pretty simple!
she read a letter. A letter. Pretty sad when Coretta Scott King's own words are silenced.
she was asked to restrain from using derogatory statements towards another senator and she didn't
again, let's go back to the words of Coretta Scott King. HER words merely being read.
I understand that but NO DEROGATORY STATEMENTS can be made on record by another member of senate
might want to mention that to Ted Cruz for starters.
don't stop! We are behind you all the way!!!! Thank you
No Stop.. get to a Mental House with the rest of you crazy liberals!
stop exactly what? Freedom of speech? Standing up for equality for everyone? Even you.
She's not standing up to equality, she's playing politics. She has a bad mouth and is full of hate.
show me the hate. I see hate quite easily from @SenatorSessions. Warren? Toward exactly who?
Simply Unbelievable What Is Unfolding Before US In This Land. Unbelievable. Reprehensible. Constitution Systematically Shredded.
kind of hard for her to speak since psssing away
@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConell "Hill Bully!" While The Electoral College elected @POTUS is the "White House Bully!" What's next?
Being banned from the floor is nothing 2 brag about. You made a political matter personal.
persist like Liz!
TAURUS your language tells it like it is honey. The Dems r so F*CKING DESPICABLE it has been ridiculous! Nonstop
I WONDER HOW SOME OF THEM GOT ELECTED. THEY LOOK LIKE IDIOTS IMMATURE BRATS THROWING FITS VERSUS ACTING LIKE ADULTS
Ignore the ban. Join the non-violent resistance. Make them remove you.
#letlizspeak #ShePersisted
thank you
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @senategopfloor This is pure BS, let Senator Warren #Speak Senate GOP is corrupt if not!
should ban her forever!!
obviously scared of your words, that means you're heading in the correct direction keep it up.
that's funny seemed to me that Alveda King told you not to use Coretta King's letter as race bait...
How can they tell every person you represent that they have no voice?  A travesty indeed.
you shouldn't be silenced either. Get nasty woman!
Never give up @SenWarren
.@SenWarren Sometimes it's a blessing to be silenced when wrong, to use that time for self awareness, self reflection, humble yourself.
THANK YOU for fighting! You will not be silenced because we, the majority, stand with you.
when you apologize to native Americans for co-opting their heritage then you will be with listening to. # Lieawatha
Thank you for fighting the good fight. Don't give up. Please. The nation needs you.
They will all pay in two years women do not forget. And how is your tone comparing to potus in the past two weeks. Sexiest
go to the floor. Challenge them to arrest you.
do it Liz listen to your supporters
do you believe anything you’re doing or saying will influence the people who voted for Trump/Republican congresspeople?
I believe shining a light on the issues will result in future scrutiny of those confirmed.
Mrs. King's relatives say she would not agree with you.  Does that have any impact on you?
Thank you for fighting for us. Wish there was more I could do.  I voted, I marched, and my voice was also silenced.
Give them hell senator.!
YOU HAVE ALOT OF HATE AND YOU MUST GO SEE DOCTOR YOU ARE SICK IN THE HEAD LADY;
Standing ovation to you Senator Warren. Am truly inspired by you that there is still hope in this country.
- cut the dramatics. If you have a real complaint, let it rise or fall on its own merit. Stop dragging historical figures into it
Your PERSISTENCE is inspirational.
Thank you. We, the people, will NOT be silenced. Please continue to take that message to those who would have us be silent.
Do you even know how much support you have? Huge & growing. U r the senator that has what others miss: BRAVERY and conviction.
so if you don't have balls, you're not worth listening to?
well, like I said, I've know plenty of "men" who have testicles but no balls... you for instance.
#KeepPersisting!
#istandwithwarren
And still I rise! Thank you!
yeah please run away!
they didnt silence Mrs. King they silenced u. Stop trying to insite race to cover up ur own short comings. Very unprofessional.
nobody wants to listen to your lies. What don't you get!?
there are long standing rules about slandering a fellow senator. i hope he sues your ass and locks you and hillary up!
I wonder if she will pretend to be black too since she pretends to be #Pocahontas 
@Momastery Thank you, Liz! Persistent resistance! You exemplify a mighty Warrior! #BeBold #Icon #goodtrouble #staywoke
you have bigger balls than the entire male senate.. i salute you..  #Dontbackdown
When is your time up? Where is Curt Schilling? Give her a knuckle ball right down the pike! Faster the better! Wind up & deliver!
thank you!
Yes, Thank you for being a crazy old lady!
Thank you for being a nutcase and watching lies on CNN and MSNBC for your radical views!
and looking at your twitter, you're full of hate and should be in a mental ward also! #crazy
you politicians sit around and talk basically BULLSHIT..  "we won't be silenced" and then you fools all clap for eachother
Why are we bringing up something that happened 30 yrs ago! Which had no impact on him becoming a Federal Court Judge then.
be civil!  Then you will gain respect.  #humility
You'r a NAUGHTY little girl #ElizabethWarren.
Keep acting up & you'll be tossed from the Reservation. #Rule19 
Oh, and 1 more thing. You have nothing other than pulling out a letter from 1986? 30 Years ago!!!!!??  You lose
stay strong, sister!
Keep persisting! We stand with you.
@AFSCMEMN5 Keep up the good fight Lizzie! We support you.
we'll see needs to be silenced Permanently. She is a total idiot just like old hiliary
did your feelings get hurt pocahontas?
Warren you are grand standing lunatic
What ever #happened to #Free #Speech?
@SenateDems you're Nasty go take a bath
thank you.
good to hear!
Meanwhile, our kids are drinking lead and people in Chicago are being killed. You go lez

you are such a joke. #ShePersisted #LiberalHypocrisy #wednesdaywisdom https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/829373335859503105 …
you have a right to free does he. Nothing will silence you. #resist #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
You stated Trump WILL commit crimes and called Sessions a racist. You are what's wrong with US politics.
I don't always agree with your or your approach. However, your voice should still be heard in the Senate!
#opportunist
Keep going. You're such a badass
YOU COME UP WITH YOUR OWN FILTY LIES?
thanks for your courage, will try to support you the best we can!
Thank you! I am behind you and respect the ovaries it took to stand up to "good ole boys club".  #Neverthelessshepersisted
Oh how I hate you let me count the ways, I guess we will have to do a Hillary on you!!
continue giving them hell, Senator!
They weren't silencing King, they were expecting some respect for the fellow senators. You should be silenced for disrespect.
Why didn't u tell them you're a liberal so any rules, policy and procedures or laws don't apply to you....what's wrong with them
Absolutely ridiculous. Fight on, Senator--fight on.
Thank you for your strong leadership and brave stances against some of the most extreme ignorance we've seen in a long time.
#LetLizSpeak
You broke a protocol that prevents fist fights on the floor. It's not an obscure law . fist fights still happen
We're so proud of you!  Women unite!  http://www.redbubble.com/people/cinn/works/25199288-nevertheless-she-persisted?asc=u … @SenWarren
.@SenWarren No one said to be silent, just don't speak.
Still banned from floor, but spoke w/ civil rights leaders this AM to say: Coretta Scott King will not be silenced. 
Thank you! Pls don't stop. We need your gifts, grit, leadership; a beacon of hope in a very perilous time.
been fighting for civil rights my whole career,never recall seeing you including current ones like jail deaths and cop mosconduct
please do not despair, we're watching, we support you and in 2 years we will have elections again.
Get his cellphone number to us.
Mansplaining at it's worst!! Fortunately they let the male senators read the same passage. Public apology!
Stick with it. Be persistent
dang it ,I needed a good laugh keep up the work 2018 going to be fun watching Democrat party go bye bye
#AmericaFirst  Whine whine whine.  Ineffective. Resign for someone else to do the job you can't.
White male @SenateGOP try to silence you- no way! Thank you! @womensmarch #NotoSessions
..@SenWarren you should not be speaking anywhere!!
#Fake
How about working for Jobs & Businesses in Massachusetts liz..<sheesh> 
@AlanaMittens so now the left is silenced and they don't like it.  See how it is

You are the worst of the worst. Labeling people racists without any evidence.
Your race-baiting nonsense has been exposed as a fraud.
- thank you for staying strong, focused & vocal for us!  Please know your efforts are appreciated by so many! #fightthegoodfight
"Framing": The construction of a social phenomenon to selectively influence an individuals perception of meanings. Non sequitur.
#ShePersisted and we will too! Thank you!!!
Why don't you worry about serving your constituents instead of screeching and grandstanding like a lunatic?
you broke the rule and you know. Please be quiet!
it's looking like fascism is beginning to take hold in our country
@FoxNews @GovMikeHuckabee @GOP @SenTedCruz @PressSec @SenateMajLdr. Senator Bird was a KKK democrat that the democrats like him.
Thank you Mitch, you sung schmuck of the year!

You have the character of a great leader, I think you would be an amazing President!
@OAHSTigers Both you and Sessions have been dedicated to improving education. He has filed 20+ lawsuits to desegregate schools.
This is great! They try to shut you up & got you tons of press for it. Now everyone hears it. Nice.
#elizabethwarren2020
As a woman, I'm embarrassed by your behavior. You can show a little self respect with out hollowing and name calling.
Neither will the American ppl! The GOP will feel the wrath and @SenatorSessions can't intimidate these voters.
@morrison_deb @SenWarren implore to Civil Rights leaders to pressure an investigation into Trump/Russia ties and Emoluments act.
Ms King wasn't silenced you were.  Her statement was read.  Thanks, Mitch McConnell.
McConnell's silencing u&letting men do it is clearly discrimination.He's #1 obstructionist.Doesn't deserve his position
He prosecuted a KKK leader and won
Thank you once again Senator Warren for doing your job!!!  We appreciate it!!!
keep going Senator. Youre not fighting alone
No, YOU are silenced and about time.
Please take ur MEDS
(2) so we no longer pay to secure his apartment in Manhattan.  We want the politicians to do everything necessary to IMPEACH him
they didn't want to hear her father either.
@lovemrpibb2 Just suspend the rules! Apparently it's allowed!
You're awesome, Senator. Thanks for all you do :D @SenWarren
THANK YOU!! #neverthelessshepersisted https://donate.elizabethwarren.com/page/contribute 
serious question, is it even legal for a senator to be banned from the floor?
you should be banned from politics all together!!!
given hell Elizabeth
thank you for your strength and perseverance!  You are truly an inspiration!
You should ask each of your democratic colleagues to read the letter when they speak.  Every time.
Appreciate your continued #resist  ance in this battle. Keep it up, you're a beacon for America during dark times #persist
For the record, Jeff Sessions helped to desegregate all of Alabama, but you’ll never hear that coming from the demoncrats!
King, Like Sanders also supported Convicted Domestic Terrorist's from FALN group. See: Clinton Clemency 1999
#NeverWarren absolutely oppose to everything that the other side favor . Being partisan is not the solution! GROW UP !
All I can say is 
she isn't being silenced. You are
@SenateDems do NOT allow bullying
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  @SenWarren YOU WILL NOT BE REELECTED IN MASSACHUSETTS
