CFPB is one of the biggest tumors in DC, huge tax drain on the people. Corruption corruption corruption. CFPB Structure is unconstitutional
What, you don't think government workers deserve $200k a year salary?  But they work so hard!
Big banks are bad, until you meet with them and they throw money your way. Then they're ok. What a joke.
We need Senator warren back as director of the agency
We need the "Swamp Queen" to resign and go home.
Elizabeth Warren Attends Martha’s Vineyard Dinner Hosted by Big Bank Executive
The Washington Free Beacon · 5 days ago
#hypocrite
are these the banks that's housing your millions "Swamp Queen"?
Why don't you want this group to help American business?
Senator Warren-what can we as citizens do about it?Holder&Breuer caused irreparable harm with the idiocy know as "collateral consequences"
Don't you know there is a 5 year ban on Lobbyists or didn't you get that email
Why doesn't the @CFPB do something about exorbitant bank fees and the pathetically small interest rate on savings.
And you go TOO!  BYE BYE!
Well maybe you people shouldn't have bailed them out. You people pass laws then complain about the outcome of your actions. #WTH
Speaking of big banks, weren't you just in Nantucket for a fundraiser with a bunch of big bank execs..... #hypocrite #Lier #Voteyouout
Could you send my a link of what event you are referring to?
Didnt you just  have a fundraiser sponsored by the president of UBS?
TOTAL HYPOCRITES. CLINTONS & OBAMA FINE EXAMPLES OF THIS. THEY LOVE W.S. MONEY !!!
We love you Senator!  Thank you for fighting for the downtrodden, the oppressed, the working class, the PEOPLE .
Haha what?  Warren is the swamp princess.  Milking taxpayers dry. Educate yourself please
how did you get all your money
People with brains have been against #CFPB from day 1.   FTFY
Huh?? Then why were you rubbing elbows with them on the cape last week? You're the biggest hypocrite I've ever seen! #buhbye#realDiehl
Says the woman who just had a fundraiser held by the ex CEO of UBS while she was rubbing elbows with the 99% on Martha's Vineyard....
How come you stopped mentioning your native american roots.  I think its been five years now.
Lizzy is a lier, hyopcrite, and not American Indian. If she was why not submitt to DNA test. LIER LIER LIER
I'm with you!But middle-class need someone to lead usTired of large banks with ZERO accountability.Holder&Breurer showed DOJ inaction!
Uh yeah. Consumer Protection is *such* a bad idea. 

Obama's biggest mistake was not breaking the banks up so they wouldn't be too big to fail when he had the opportunity.
Right - King Obama should have just destroyed everything. BTW you do know Cuomo (NYS Gov) caused the banking crisis - right?
I never said he was Gov. then. He was HUD secretary under B Clinton. Sorry if confused with parentheses just indicating who he is today.
How many books did you sell today? How much more did your net value increase? Using your seat as a get rich scheme. #fakeIndianHypocrite
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Because your bureau is bloated with waste. Milking taxpayers. Facts don't lie.
It is you, Liz, that is the weakest link. Your career politician days are numbered.
Abolish this bogus agency. Obama
And you took hotel lobby money to fight Air B & B on their behalf
Did you share this with Hillary when she was backed by banks
Yay !

Didn't you just give a speech to wall street such a hyprocate
You go girl...don't let it happen
#PapaJohns
Maybe because when you're called to testify you can't answer a single question and look totally incompetent?
Are they they same ones you met with at Martha's Vineyard 2-face? How do solicit money(which u get) and then pretend to vilify them
But they are giveing and your taking their money.
So why do you go to all their events looking for money. Fake Indian real hypocrite.
read this #book #history

That looks more like your boy the Loser in Chief.  One more lawyer and there won't be room for the pacifier.
Truth hurts doesn't it.
By the looks of the MINORITY president and his brood,  yeah it does.
And how much money have u taken from Saudi lobbyist???
Big Banks? You should be looking for big liars in the Senate. Do you know any Liz? Start with this one.
Banks have no interest in protecting Americans
Do your job and stop flapping your trap.
You hate big banks but I bet you got a credit card form each one
Thank God someone is!
Ill deal with my uncles for being on twitter little person becareful spreading bull shit little 4.12 million little Cambridge estate. Capire
Lizzy, Lizzy, me thinks you speak with forked tongue. http://thepoliticalinsider.com/elizabeth-warren-dinner-wall-street/ …
Speak one thing, and do the opposite.
People do not understand what protections the CFPB covers, please keep up the fight. P.s. haters all politicians get donations.
But trump said he will rid Washington of lobbyists ?
Maybe you could focus on real issues instead of these little wasteful pet projects to take more power from the people.
CFPB HELPED ME. THANKS FOR SHARING
Stop talking about yourself like that Elizabeth you're one of them
Say no more
Maybe you could focus on exposing the Fed? Nah didn't think so.
Big Banks? You mean like your billionaire banker friends you took $$$ from at the Marthas Vineyard fundraiser?
WARREN YOU GAVE HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS TO BANKS THROUGH TARP AND ENDORSED @HillaryClinton - you are NOT against lobbying stop lying

and trump is helping them along.
Thank u for ur work on behalf of the consumer. 
They spend more money doing the wrong thing, than it would've cost them to do the right thing.
Where's all the corrupt money that you've taken? banks?? in cans in your backyard?? #TermLimits
Lizzy, give us the details of your real estate deals you did with your family during the bank crisis.
Was that the GOP crisis oh yea how quickly they forget thousands lost their homes and no one went to jail not Bush,Cheney,Ryan et al
You need a class in economics 101.
Just like your lobbyists are doing all they can to further your socialist adgenda
Thought I'm not a supporter of yours,  I really think you need some form of help. Your values and your priorities are asinine beyond reason
Aren't those the same banks that fund the DNC and your campaign(S)? 
Because it's a disaster!
Most of our government serves the lobbyists over the people. Between this & lack of term limits, that is the major problem w/ our system.
Hypocrit and liar!
If you had not endorsed Hillary I would have given you much mire credibility.
Who does govenerment serve, it's people or mega donors? Repealing Citizens United would bring Americans back to the table.
For once I agree
I hear you. Leftist Hypocrisy 101: http://investmentwatchblog.com/fun-fact-elizabeth-warren-has-a-15-million-net-worth-on-a-174000-senators-salary/ …
The GOP Main Event will be in 2 rounds
1) EXPAND DEREG  OF BANKS 
2) LOPSIDED TAX REFORM-Those 1% ers are STILL waiting for their KICKBACKS
Take A DNA test you liar! You are not a Native American! You are a fraud!
"The Big Banks" ....
You friggin fraud, the smaller community banks were put out of business by commie pinko Dodd\Frank which u support.
We agree, & you can support consumers,  @CFPB & Ohio's Rich Cordray here by sending letter to your Congressperson:
Sorry but the CFBP is a joke
Hey, Fauxcahontas...
Weren't you just out on Martha's Vineyard whoring around with the "Big Banks"?
Hypocrite.  CFPB is a crony filled joke
aren’t the big banks where u put your $400,000 for teaching one course that u scammed ?
Per your usual, EW, you're doing good work, on behalf of "the people." Thank you for your tireless efforts.
If this is such a problem why did you and Obumer Dems bail them out!
"Markets know best" is about as believable as trickle down economics. Keep up the fight @SenWarren
Who bailed out the big banks??

Bernie? Bank Fraud? Really? @SenSanders call me but watch what you say lol the Feds are listening #BernieBankFraud 
Just terrible!
Thank you
You tweet as much as trump never say anything but hate !
Keep on the GOP.
Where do you bank? I'm looking for recommendations.
