This is certainly reminiscent of how the "Jewish Problem" started when the Third Reich came into power. How shameful and unbelievable.
We're u there?? Did u talk to Hitler? Did he tell u that himself? NO, I DIDNT THINK SO!
That would be "were". Learn to spell. Secondly, are you actually telling a Jew that Hitler might have had other things in mind?? Omg...lol.
He did, he put them in concentration camps! starved them, murdered them & all kinds of vile things! Nothing like that is happening here!
You need to start reading the thread from the top Jerry. Jews (among other "ethnics") were stripped of their lives through mass deportations
And??? Put into camps and killed. As I said ! NOTHING LIKE THAT IS GOING ON HERE! Good grief people get a grip! #NOMOREFREERIDES!
Mass deportations start as mass deportations regardless of the outcome. You're the one bringing up the end result. I'm still at deporations.
You're the one bringing up #MASS deportation . You have to look at the end because that's exactly what you're getting at! #NOTHAPPENING
I'm a diehard liberal. I consider myself very socially aware. Seems to me however... 1 of 2
2 of 2... that there is more to talk about illegal people then what is really good for the American people.
Poor but hopeful human beings who came to the US w/ nothing aren't a threat.

They pay taxes & often work at jobs legal Americans avoid.
When,Where? Not in the West US.  

Try picking veggies in 111 deg. for 10 hrs.  

No Americans apply. Crops sit dying because of crack down!
Your beautiful city that has grown exponentially would be NOWHERE without illegals you distain. 
Eat at a restaurant?  THEY MADE YOUR FOOD!
DT achievements:
transgenders, DACA,charlottesville, Ban, Arpaio, SCOTUS, russia, comey, emoluments, nepotism, fire&fury, twitter, wall. SAD
Here's a dose of reality
did YOU actually read it? "marianas islands"?, a local metro-rail, a fishery in Poland, cars for DHS, & other ONE page acts. GIVE ME A BREAK
As a US Military Veteran I know exactly what he's done for us. But you can keep regurgitating #MSM #FakeNews if it makes you happy
READ IT its all BS renovations on a building, change of a VETS buildings  name  in Tenesse,,i dont blame you for avoiding legal MUMBO JMBO
But the best one:
OH, you that kind!,,,the Kind of  vet who fights for WHITES ONLY...oh i see now....brown people suck right??...i get it,,no need to explain
Then, get on with it! It is ridiculous that the monster is still in office.
You mean Fauxcahontas right?
While it's hard to choose, this is among the most illogical, irrational and harmful to the US economy decisions to come out.
https://twitter.com/RodStryker/status/905663456841408513 …
How many of you can claim that neither your parents, nor theirs, nor theirs, ... were not immigrants? Deporting dreamers is persecution.
All 4 grandparents legal immigrants and proud of it
What about  the people who were born here?
You should go and become a senator in Mexico or some other country you spend more good time defending illegals than Americans
Children brought here by parents should not pay the price 4 decisions not under their control
A lot of them are adults and could buy for citizenships but they don't want to. Send them and their parents back so they can try it legally
Get busy fixing it Pocahontas! You got 6 months.
Not Pocahontas-- Fauxcahontas.  Get w the program
From what I understand, the program has flaws. Trump wants to get it passed through congress the right way. We need to convince them.(1/2)
With defending DACA you are violating our Constitution/Laws and need to be removed from office immediately !
Shut up
Make sure you put them through same hell with visas as people who came to US legally
Because the constant threat of ICE and inability to provide docs to work/go to school is not hell?
Because it's not fair to those who came here legally and had to do it
Oh, okay. It's about fairness? Well, could you have filled out ppwork at six years old? This is about ppl brought here as minors.
DACA RECIPIENTS ARE NOT CHILDREN
You're right. They are students, employed, pay taxes, renew DACA every 2 yrs, no criminal record, and were brought here as minors.
Employed, what occupation drug dealer
Well, some do work for Pfizer...
We will not sit back while your party defends illegals over legal citizens, immigrants and vets!
We will fight to protect them first, get them help not fund a bunch of illegals so you can get votes!
More lies ! This should have been done by the congress and not obama ! Stop lying and do your job !
President Trump sent DACA back to Congress where it belongs. Warren is a proven liar when required to get what she wants.
My family came here legally, tyvm. They waited in line and followed the rules--and resent law-breaking line-jumpers as much as any American.

Get off your ass and make it happen instead of just bashing our president with your stupid personal attacks we the people are sick of it dem
So take a family in a d take care of them. You have plenty of our tax dollars. Oh right you have people waiting on you hand and foot. Shame!
Yes we can! Yes we can!
You protect non citizens over our citizens you're a disgusting idealogue Americans first you middle class traitor
Good let them come live with you !
To pass the bill and not have it ride on the executive order passed by Obama. It would be a better, more permanent solution. (2/2)
What about these babies you support being murdered/aborted?
Sen Warren: "There’s something holy in every single person.”

True. Including 600K+ babies who die every year via abortion that you support.
Yet you sit back while you push and encourage the murder of thousands of babies a year to be aborted.  Why don't you fight for these babies?
So do your job and pass an actual law to let them stay...
Come here illegally then get deported very easy law to understand
Your gonna defend those 800,000 votes, but it will come with negotiations on tax reform, the wall and Obamacare.  Not to mention the deficit
What does the D in DACA stand for. ????
No white supremacy after Labor Day 
Ummm.  NO!
How muck time have you people had to get this done and did nothing.
Yeah. We get it. Get off Twitter and onto the Senate floor.
Ditto try tweeting the GOP senators responsible
Nope... times up
Thank you for supporting #DACA and and our young aspiring Americans.
My heart is breaking! What happened to the America I thought we were? Welcoming those that wanted a better life is an important part.
It's still here. You just want to GIVE IT TO THEM! They could have become citizens by now! But that would take away their #FREERIDE!
Shame on you Elizabeth Warren, STOP your crap. With Senators like you who needs enemies.
She needs to stop fighting against the President and work on solutions.
That true figthing against wont solve the problems
How much of your own money have you sent to Texas and Louisiana?
How much have you sent...zero
Just made another donation 10min ago. And you?
Come on snowflake, sell some of your food stamps and donate.
Obama did it illegally. Trump put it back in the right hands, yours! So work with republicans and fix it.
Why didn't you do something to make it permanent when you had control of #House #Senate? You knew Obama #EO was temporary. Blame yourselves
@BarackObama made this mess!! NO BODY IS THROWING THEM OUT! STOP SPREADING LIES!!!
And, he has another state to worry about Florida. Instead he is focusing on doing the most damage he can to this republic we all hold dear.
I live on the Texas coast. And, @POTUS pulled this crap with DACA when he should have been focusing on helping Texans who have lost it all.
Iam with the President trying to enforce the law, not like Obama who thought he was above the law and could make his own.
You're the one dreaming.
Screw you2018voteyouhaveseennoutingyet, youareoutofajoblol
Has any overages #DACA recipient been sent back? The answer is no! Quit the fear mongering of liberals. It's getting old.
We cannot sit back You Are RIGHT
Too late Beth. Curt Schilling for Senate.
FYI ,Someone has broken into your account and tweeting foolish statements
Ha! when we scrub our Country of the illegal's, purge the voter rolls of the deceased, your party has nothing left.  The DNC is no more
You must do more than stand in a group and say it's bad,for hours on end. Action is what is needed right now. If it's diplomacy, take action
Can you please explain what happens to the parents of the dreamers? They get to stay too?
Shouldn't the parents be held responsible for acting illegally? If my parental choices cause harm to my child, I'm responsible. Not the govt
Hello, are you looking extra money? i recommend Clixsense. Free to sign up by clicking below link.

http://www.clixsense.com/?8172285 
Ok let them in your house and your neighborhood.
Rule by executive order meet your demise by executive order  Do your job.
Sen Warren quotes Bible: "Whatever ye do to the least of my brothers, ye do to me."

If only that verse applied to abortion, huh @SenWarren?
Will you defend me if I get a speeding ticket?  You seem to pick and choose which laws you acknowledge, can we all do that?
Senator Warren, stop the drama and mis-characterization. 45 has given these people more than enough time to get legal or pack. Their choice.
Really? How many are your neighbors?
Why aren't you helping to take care of your own?
There are many legal Americans who are dreamers and the same is happening bc people like you aren't helping us. Why is that?
Follow the proper channels.  If ur illegal then too bad
Ok...pass something!
No one is interested in a word you say. Phony Progressive
it's shameful and immoral that you lowlifes dont fight for AMERICAN CITIZENS  the way you fight for illegal aliens.
Spoken by a true Native American. NOT!
Senator, do your job and correct this issue. We are a country driven by the rule of law. If you cannot comply with this, resign.
Just proves you don't believe in the constitution! Time to have you removed from the Senate.
I got a truck and a van to load as many of the free loading asshole up in and drive them to the boarder.  Fake votes for a fake Indian
It was always meant to be temporary. Now it's just very temporary.
Do you want us to help them pack?
OMG I cant even listen to you or muddy Waters,an intelligent thing evades you when you speak, and I suppose that's racist that I hate stupid
Then do your job & make it a law...don't sit back.
Aren't you in congress put up or shit up this is not on Trump,  it's on Congress to reform immagration, unless you are against doing a job
Damn my big thumbs, suppose to be put up or shut up, but don't feel like retyping it so it is what it is
What the hell are you talk about, look out for our family, friends & neighbors for a http://change.You  are a fool looking for votes
Elizabeth Warren is a retard that needs to shut up and go
You don't have to fight! Just pass legislation to keep them here...
I'll just leave this for all you "Christians"....
Why don't you protect your Native American people, Pochohantas? Remember the millions of Indians slaughtered like sheep by Americans?
How about you go to work and write the legislature to fix it! If anyone can do it You can do it! Help them!
Thank you, Sen. Warren!
How did you ever get elected - DREAMERS are here illegally - what part of that don't you understand.  It's your job to uphold our laws.
Wait, so your native american ancestors are included in the DACA program?
your right we cannot sit back and watch we need citizen ICE volunteers to help, Let ICE deputize patriot citizens
Tell me when you intend to fight for Americans, you're so worried about the rest of the world, when do US legal law abiding citizens matter?
DACA is your problem to solve. Quit wasting time criticizing @POTUS . Do your job! And shut up!
We must fight the laws of this great country.....wait, I am liberal.....We must continue to break the law of this weakening country
DACA is Congress’s problem not @POTUS. All your trying to do is score political points with your statement.
Here are your liberals polluting the atmosphere FOR FUN
and liberals demand we stop polluting too , right ?? so why THIS ??
Could you please share my story and help me. I am only a year away from graduation. #DACA #DefendDreamers
this statement is a joke!  Get busy and work instead of dividing us! It's up to you and on you if they get deported!
Congress has been "sitting back" for years, doing NOTHING about immigration reform.  Why the "faux" outrage now?
#DACA is Illegal
#EndDACA
Let's see what congress does first..protect Non-Americans "DACA Bill" or pass tax and H/C reform for everyday Americans.
@SenateMajLdr
Please tell all Americans....what has Congress done for Americans in the last 10 years....i will answer....NOTHING!
#TaxReformNOW
Fight to protect Americans
Your correct we cannot sit around while illegals take our tax money and live free on our dime. Warren needs to also leave
In the words of .@hillaryclinton:
.@HillaryClinton "Just because your child gets across the border doesn't mean your child gets to stay"! #DACA 
I hope Congress does its job for all of the Dreamers...as it had time to do since 2012. Why wasn't this so important to you then?  #DACA
"DACA is temporary and not meant as a path to citizenship or amnesty."  Barack Obama
But you do sit back when thousands of babies are killed in this country by abortions
#WarrenFranken2020
An elitist lier. If her lips are moving she is lying. She could care less about DACA people. If she did legislation would have been done
What? You don't have faith in Congress either? Afraid they can't fix illegal legislation by a democrat President? Eh?
Just as soon as u explain to me how to protect something that isn't a law protected under our constitution
How many Dreamer "friends, family, and neighbors" do YOU actually have? I'm guessing ZERO.
As long as get registered by Oct5 can continue same2yr program-YOUR job make LAW-what are you afraid of? .@Patrici82841064
A quintessential example of demagoguery.

Come on, Liz, this is about votes.
If you need me to I will come up there and explain the law to YOU. I thought you were a lawyer by Trade.  I guess not.
Illegal.
Trump will end the Constitutional abuses by Obama.
Expose members Congress who do not uphold the Constitution.
You just want their votes you hippocrit. TERM LIMITS
People need to follow the law!! I have to. Why don't they? You should understand this being a US SENATOR!! STEP DOWN, YOUR THE PROBLEM!!!
Hey lizzy . It's UN constitutional. Period.Don't you support the constitution? Did you swear to uphold it? DACA is CACA lizzy.
His own words...
From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
Lizzie  your communist agenda will not be tolerated in the USA. Resign today thank you
Decree by any individual President is not law. One person does not rule over our Constitution & country. 
Do your job Senators.  Protect US.
Funny all I hear you doing is lying and spouting scare tactics meanwhile GOP is doing it legally! You Liberals are there for a free Ride!
Since we're now simply ignoring laws we don't like, can I stop paying taxes without penalty?
Will that be done in Congress where it should be, or by protests in the street.?Latter won't work. No longer novel...but Congress working...
It was illegal of the obama to do this and take it away from Congress's purview but you don't care about legal illegal.
Not at all what is happening. Trump is making congress do it's job. Quit pandering and get to work!!!
Good golly girl ! Is there nothing legal you can support ! Always illegal & lies about being native !
And as @RealJamesWoods stated, your @DNC wants #DACA for its voter base. Go do a rain dance.
Then why haven't you worked to make it happen?  Seems like democrats are just using this politically and that is what's really cruel.
This is bullshit, Lizzy. You, Congress voted it down. @BarackObama "EXO'd" it into existence. But it was temp. Go do a rain dance.
So Sen. Warren aka (Pocahontas) you are encouraging people to break current US laws???  You know and most of us know they broke the law!!!
How many illegal aliens do you hang out with, Liz? I bet the number is between zero and none.
Why don't you give up your salary to feed and house them. When you get a job where tax payers are not paying you.
You mean illegals don't you
If only you were this concerned with protecting American citizens. But good to know where your Regressive priorities are. Bye.
So get to work and pass a law you Phony Evil 1%er!
Hopefully they jail you.  Democrats love lawlessness.  Now that laws are mean something again, everyone can see the victims dems created
You are the problem Liz.  Follow the law before your tell others what to do.  Your pathetic
Then pass some friggin legislation!  Bush Admn tried to pass, Obama's term and Congress still hasn't done anything! It's on YOU!
Here's an idea:  pass a law and don't rely on unconstitutional executive orders
It would appear that you have sat back relying on an unconstitutional executive action. Look in the mirror you have failed to do your job!
Like you Know ONE DREAMER
Your compassion only depends on how much $ your given to mention it
DACA is illegal and unconstitutional period.
I wonder the impact if dreamers walked out for one day..a week. A day,chaos..a week anarchy. A bit strident but possible.
teachers nurses all manner..
Do your job then. Congress never should’ve allowed the E.O. to be signed. Don’t drop the ball this time.
You are a senator who lied and stole to get your education paid for. Now you're pushing to defend something that is illegal

#DefendDACA
Hey Pocohantas.The President tossed the ball to you clowns. GET OFF TWTR AND GET TO WORK.
Are you physically threatening other persons senatoress Warren. Like a tomahawk scalp treatment-some never leave their roots
Warren don't you mean you will fight to protect your ILLEGAL voters?
Give me a break. DACA is ILLEGAL. Afraid your voter base will be sent away?
DACA is illegal

#DefendaDACA
So then do your job and enact a law instead of giving up power to a monarch. #IMeanObama #WhyTrumpWon
Let's fight to protect Legal Citizens the congress has done nothing to lower our taxes or fix the collapsing healthcare, get busy!
With DACA reversal, Trump adds 1M more to 65M refugees on earth. 
All 'Dreamers' born into man's govt, religions, wars & weather. 
#resist
You Ms. Warren need to get your butt to work, you have 6 months.
so dramatic
I see Warren is still drinking huh?
If it's wrong to blame illegal kids for the actions of their Illegal parents, how is it ok to blame today's Americans for slavery?
you mean while your illegal voters are kicked out of America ?
Where was your outrage when Obama deported 1.2 million illegals? Why didn't liberals pass immigration bill when they controlled Congress?
Are you promoting violence @SenWarren ?
#EndDACAnow Enforce law and Constitution you have sworn to uphold. Treat legal citizens with the same respect you give illegal aliens.
We do,  because I have big DREAMZ
what part of "ILLEGAL" is so difficult to understand? #EndDACA
How stupid I'd pokeyhontus
Yo Pocahontas it's called doing your job quit whining. Get off from behind the microphone and get to work
DACA IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. IT IS DEAD. SORRY ABOUT YOUR "HURT FEELINGS"
I am a real American = Not illegal.  Americans for decades have asked for a wall.  If it was done when we asked #DACA wouldn't be a subject.
Your family and neighbors? Liar!
dreamer project has to finish since lot of unwanted people especially indians are taking undue advantage so protect american jobs by kicking
Keep the Dreamers, deport the GOP! Make America America Again! #trumpcoward #sessionsracist
Watch carefully Elizabeth as we erase the Dems lies and lawlessness by restoring the RULE OF LAW!
Why? It was always a temporary stopgap...im so tired of citizens and legals getting ignored for yalls bs
So do something. Your all a bunch of infighting back biting elected officials that get nothing done. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Liz U need to fight to get America economy and taxes and healthcare and government back in track! Do UR job and stop playing games!
They are not your neighbors or family! If they were I would hope you would show them how to become legal citizens. Come off of the B.S now

.@HillaryClinton "Just because your child gets across the border doesn't mean your child gets to stay"! #DACA 
Elizabeth warren you need to be fired.we americans are sick and tired of you democrates taking everything from american citizens.
where is your compassion for the Americans who don't have jobs or homes?
Senator Warren, we need your voice and passion.  One million women and many more will fight for #DefendDACA

.@HillaryClinton "Just because your child gets across the border doesn't mean your child gets to stay"! #DACA 
Thought- spend a minute of your time everyday fighting for the citizens of this country as opposed to spending the tax payers $ on illegals
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #Pocahontas go back to your hut and tell us what you will do to put American Citizens 1st.
