It's a flawed plan taking money from GI Bill housing benefits to extend education benefits. There has to be a better way!
I knew there had to be a catch
Republicans don't want to spend money; they only want to appear like they care.
Now that's funny
Right on, we talks about how he loves the vets let him put his money where his mouth is.
I believe he has done improvements to VA. WHERE HAS BO OR WARREN BEEN letting them die waiting
Be specific,  what improvements has he made? If you tell us what he has done, retract your statement. Thank you.
The VA hosp. firing the corrupt, bring new communication tools so that vets don't have to go there and die waiting.
Hope so but not likely. Remember America First! lol
Aren't u in America? Where has Warren been? Over charging to teach
Sen Warren isn't the President. I wish she were! No I am not in America!
then go to a state run utopia like cuba
Overcharging to teach. How can you say that with tuition costs the way they are! Wake up!
Tuition costs are not too high?  Ergo "prof" paid how much? How much did warren get for one class again?
He wants to cut government cuts to give himself a tax break!
Trust me in that tax level they get enuf what u r referring to is moot 4 that. Racket
No, no no! They must not have enough, because they keep wanting more. :-)
I agree they want more but they have so many ways to change what earnings show they get taxed on that.
I thought he wanted to require them to pay for it in advance? How would providing an education to our well deserved servicemen benefit him?
Give me a break
Proposed....
That wld be bad!! But these idiots propose but won't fly
No one supports our military more than @POTUS. Since when did you get so interested in our vets Princess Pale Feather?
Because our current veterans were as robbed of their youth and opportunities as those drafted to fight in WWII. brilliant.
College Education required for crappy Jobs, but no Master's Degree in Political Science required for the White House Presidency? KOMISCH!
YOU & PRES. OBAMA  had 8 years to do something, but didn't. I guess you are not really interested in that cause!
Maybe you should support him in trying to Make America Great Again insted of talking negatively about him all the time. #MAGA
HE DOESNT CARE, get rid of him
Is there a chance he won't?!
So many of them need a formal education.
Like your party gives a damn about our vets!! You had 8 years to do something for them and you didn't!!!!
Exactly!
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
PURE BS I DID 20 AND GOT SCREWED FOR 2 YEARS GI BILL. A CG CMDR. SAID I WOULD BE ELIGIBLE FOR MORRISON NO A LIE SO PISSED
Did these soldiers LIE about themselves too, in order to get special treatment?
What about Vets between the 70's and now (active duty 1974-79)? I would love to go back to school to enhance my skills to prolong my career.
I bet!! Lucky u didn't need to go to VA hosp I gues
The only reason my dad (orphaned at 13) was able to get his aeronautical engineering degree was thanks to the GI bill.
Amen. I got my education because of the GI bill too!! in civil engineering though.
She wasn't in office 8 years ago. It would be kind of hard to do if you don't even have the title.
My dad was a WWII and Korean War vet. There is no way he could have gotten his master's without the GI Bill. #ForeverGIbill
She said, "no comment".
Twenty yrs after my discharge my service was reclassified as wartime. I missed out on the GI Bill b/c it wasn't voted on for my time group.
I'm sure he will fake Indian lady.  Why didn't you push this legislation  when obama was President ?
He's fixing VA hospital maybe I should've looked into that b4 many died waiting
you will soon be under a va like government run hc but I'm sure warren will fix that just like ocare
You mean...instead of building a "useless" wall.
Dads parents' were dirt-poor immigrants yet dad & bros went to college on GI Bill & enjoyed successful careers
@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
There is Elizabeth warren doing nothing open her mouth again
Helped white soldiers get a college education. Don't get it twisted
I'm sure you would vote against it. How about you and the rest of the SWAMP get force fed obama care.
BETTER YET: Why don't I pretend to be #Cherokee?
My daddy told me so.
And my mother loved free money.
How about you vote in his cabinet, quit obstructing and turn over the dnc server so the whole world can see it was a LEAK NOT A HACK.
YOU ARE SO LAME ALOT THE SOLDIERS JOIN DIFFERENT ARMED FORCES BECUZ THEY WANTTHE EDUCA N BE DRS,PILOT'S 4DOS JETS 2 UNDERSTAN LOADNG HUGE
Bombs,cordinatn,emt,engineers,mechanics,mechanics,nurses,drive tanks,N rise 2be General,captains,beable 2lid troops
How about making all higher education free? Like Germany?
Since when did you start caring about our vets, Fauxcahontas?
Ur not working,not like Prez,Ur sitting,saying no,getting r tax $ 4 ur check,& we get zip,vote NO 2 ALL POLITICIANS OUT,CLEAN THE CESSPOOL
@BobLeahyJr this STUPID Senator does not tell people everything Trump has already done for our vetrans. @BarackObama did nothing. #MAGA #DTS
You didn't give 2 squirts of duck shit about the veterans until @realDonaldTrump did. Go back to the reservation.
Maybe your great @BarackObama signed it already since he was so perfect.
#IndianFailure
We already and still do you fool
No reason he should. He was never a vet.
You've tweeted about this several times. Given his other support for veterans, he will sign this. Stop with the BS. You are pandering.
Yes
Naw. Hell just donate 10k to his charity that gives to vets, but will never actually do that but somehow end up with another shitty portrait
Is it reelection time?
#FakeIndian

How about you get off your puke train and get to work, like our President does everyday. FAKE INDIAN
Mrs Elizabeth I am asking for help.....
Welfare was designed to help troops get back on their feet to but now everyone that voted for u is on it over 90% of Vets support ur @POTUS
But remember sleazy politicians mostly democrats did not use GI-Bill for votes. forcing excessive college debt on unspecting kids like today

.@BernieSanders in 2011: "The American Dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places like Ecuador, #Venezuela and Argentina." 
You are a Hillary and pelosi wanna be and that's sad. Democrats are followers . They do not care about America
Warren followers must be tied into the CNN news
You do not care for the vets or American people
@SenWarren it would be nice if @realDonaldTrump did real presidential work that benefited anyone but the Trumps or Russians
Right on!
Like u give a shit about vets!!!
Make sure you make it retroactive for all veterans.
The swamp people like her don't know where to go now they don't know what they do because they don't


You are a crazy person Elizabeth Warren!
Nothing is forever Liz. Especially your time in government. It all over, times a a changing.
Elizabeth Warren you haven't done anything in 8 years. Dems don't care aboutthe Americanpeople you onlycare aboutbringing the President down
Wow did you star in code talkers?
BIAFRA needs a referendum, help us out with your power
This is mandatory!!! Like the GI bill my Dad used to get a mortgage to buy a house when he left the army. We owe these brave soldiers!
ABSOLUTELY THE RIGHT AND JUST PATH FOR THE GI BILL IN 2017. YES YES YESYES YES
Liz where have you been the president is already taking care of veterans glad you are so damn empty-headed aren't you up with current events
I 100% agree with you and please keep up the good work we need you Senator Warren fights for the people thank you miss Warren
Yes indeed, we should do everything we can to help our vets. I know several vets who got their education through the GI BILL. A MUST!
Like you care about Vets!
Ironic that you stole an American natives education Elizabeth
@DNC shouldn't worry about the vets President Trump will take care of them. Worry about repealing the Cancer that is called Obama care
Now, the CDC prescribing guidelines DENY access to pain medicine to veterans.  End the WAR on Americans. Recall CDC guidelines. Schedule 2!
fuck the vets overseas, really fuck them when they get back!! They're only toys in his toy box!

WWII vets weren't drinking bottled water in starched fatigues, making 50k a year.
Democrats cut it in 2011, remember?
He would probably not be able to make it to the bill. Bone spurs- right.
What the hell do you know about helping vets or any us citizens??? Stay quiet and let the real Indian take over your job #maga
Oh my god stop it. People I'm scared! I actually agreed with her on something. Help me pls!
What are you, @SenWarren doing to promote Trade Schools? I've heard nothing on that. Call into the @HowieCarrShow and let New England know.
Does this apply to the Montgomery GI Bill or just the post 9/11 GI Bill?
You are a faker.
With your record of obstruction over country interests why should Trump do anything you ask? Quit ripping off people, you're rich now
Why don't you pay back the $ that you took as a Fake Indian?
AWOL
Holy shit , you actually said something that makes sense.  I agree with you.
Yes yes yes!  This generation deserves its own GIBill and the future of the US and the world needs great #neweducation for them
NOW you want to help veterans? After what your VA has been doing to them for 8 years. You are a shameless hack.
Democrats like old ideas, unarmed sources say dems want to bring back slavery. Democrats voted 100% against abolition fighting Lincoln.
We all deserve the same treatment no matter what choices we made.
Now all of a sudden you are concerned about Vets. Part of your "new" game plan? We don't forget that easily Pocahontas.
You will be history in the future Pocahontaswannabe!
Nut job!
@lisacampbelldnp @realDonaldTrump I am a neonatal nurse practitioner because of mine.
And after the Vietnam War liberals spat on our returning soldiers. We will never forget.
Nobody supports more our #Veterans than #POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
@SenWarren Don't make it look like it is your idea. 
#MAGA #ForeverGIbill
So what, do you want them to stop because they're Democrats? Not like GOP was doing much for vets.
 
He won't. It doesn't put $ in his pocket.
My brother got his college degree and used what was left over to go to culinary school!
Thank you Sen. Warren.
He loves the vets and has supported them...certainly he will do what he can assuming there is a way to pay for it...how do you plan that?
If you sign a slave contract for the Corporate Military Industrial Complex you Get socialized everything even education Wow how fkn barbaric
what a bizarre thing to text
Yes, the only way to live fully supported by socialism is to join the military and agree to follow orders to murder or become a politician.
I was in the military. Never killed anyone. Didn't always follow orders. ;-)
Going into the medical end if it, as a skilled officer and not enlisted is probably safer. Less likely to be raped too. But not majority.
You don't care about anyone but your self. Quit trying to make us believe you something you are not.
herds cats. Trump herds sheep.
I used my GI bill 2 get my undergrad, then gov't loans to get my doctorate. Paid my loans off in full, now happily pay 25% taxes per yr!
U r my kinda guy!  Happy to pay my taxes too. :-)
He is doing so much for veterans....what have you done?   I want stats not BS
Don't worry your little liberal kiester, Trump will do more in four years to help veterans than you will in your whole lifetime.
Can they have some of your Harvard money? How about they all claim to be Native American?
hey Pocahontas, we already have many benefits! More dem involvement stifling to us vets! Just let Trump do it!
Tell Trump not to sign the bill ... then he'll sign it because you know he's a bloody child
What are you ?
Thats funny your states VA being ignored by you and all of a sudden you care aboyt vets lololololol
fix the va before you force a similar government run system down our throats
And now blacks get into college with reading skills equal to that of a 6th grader.  Is this progress. This is an insult to ALL blacks, Liz.
You should probably just shut up


GI Bill paid for my education after I served in the USMC in the 70s. I served during a peaceful time, these kids deserve so much more!
Back when the ELITELY OVERPAID SHARED in GRADUATED TAXATION!
FLAT Venezuela tax rates lower than US is why they ran out of $, DUMMIES @DavidAsmanfox https://tradingeconomics.com/venezuela/personal-income-tax-rate … 
As a vet, I benefitted greatly from the GI Bill and the more benefits the better.
Should if he don't @realDonaldTrump lied again about caring & US here 4 them!
Sadly, he doesn't understand what service or sacrifice means.
So they can B indoctrinated into a socialist liberal mindset? Learn 2 shut down anyone who believe differently from them? Go 2 trade school.
Warren.. President Trump is doing a great job He doesn't need you to tell him what to do.
I am sure he is! Could you next time though invite me to your imaginary wonderland for me to see for myself? Thanks @camperman_1234 :D
You're already there if you believe nutty warren. She's a duplicate pelosi and Hillary. Ha
That is how my grandfather earned his BA and MA. He was a history teacher and a WWII veteran!!
@MariaBartiromo @seanhannity @Scavino45 U never gave a tinkers damn bout vets prior 2 T45 ~ show us the evidence of ur bills.
I have a better chance of finding gold nuggets in the litter box.
Do not worry! The soldiers who want to go to college will receive help!

Trump? Don't make me laugh, we all know who he cares about! He's a Russian mole!
The GI bill paid for my father's law school.
I like once you have earned benefits they don't expire.
I agree. Have you tried laying out a convincing case to the President rather than preaching hatred for him from the floor of the Senate?
If only the Dems did as much for the veterans as Trump. Obama did nothing to help them. Sit down @SenWarren
You don't care about vets!
Weren't you at Harvard when they banned ROTC? Did you speak out against that since you're such a big supporter of the military?
Stop pretending u give a shit about the troops faker!
It's the least we can do for the appropriate 1%  willing to do the fighting.
Next
Let's get the Caregiver Stipend extended to our physically wounded Vietnam #vets. We've waited decades for help. It's time to help them
Yes why haven't you helped them warren
Few in congress help the physicallynwounded veterans who served in Vietnam. It's a terrible situation
if it helps vets he probably will--he's not a dem
College tuition should be about $10-12K today based on cost of living, tuition in 1960. It's 5x more. Unacceptable for middle class. Issue?
The G.I. Bill was repealed by democrats I bet he would do that The Democrats are quick to spit on veterans #Vietnam
You are 8 and a half years late. #fakeindian
Warren you are blinded by anger and false idealogoies
For once and maybe only once I agree with you.  Positive tweet. Thx
All you ever do besides whine about Trump is look for handouts. Let them pay their own way
Nobody forced them to join the service
Those soldiers, including my father, were the engine that drove America to greatness.  Investing in America and American vets not optional.
Isn't he on a 3 week vacation?
As is congress
Be sure to talk VERY LOUDLY about this so you can get some credit like a good liberal always does.
Please stop tweeting Grandma!
Well and fine but why did #VA rescind my auth for care back in February? #VAkillsVets
Agreed
Why didn't obama do it?  How long was it sitting on obamas desk?  Useless POS.
I didn't see or hear of you saying that when Obama was in office. FAKER!
How is @realDonaldTrump going to sign it if he's on the golf course again? BTW the GI Bill gave me everything. Thank you Sen. Warren.
When colleges weren't overpriced because student loan gouging.
Or over priced "professors" right pocohontas?
Agree-must also help non veterans as well-
The gi bill is great (how i got my degree) and our service men/ women (or whatever smh) know about it, but many choose not to use it...smh
I don't often agree with you. But you're right to champion this cause
Nice of you to say that, since you (Dem) are the ones that ended the first one.
