.@SenateGOP are jamming through Pruitt at @EPA before his emails come out. At 12:30pm, @SenateDems will force a vote to extend the debate.
Considering how obsessed @GOP are with emails, I'd hope they'd vote to extend debate on Pruitt until we can see his secret Big Oil ones.
Every R who opposes extending debate today is responsible for whatever it turns out is in Pruitt's emails next week. Make the right choice.
that won't do any good if you democrats allow his confirmation vote to take place today
@SenWarren @EPA
WHY HASN'T THE SAME BEEN DONE FOR TRUMP AND HIS TAXES?!?!  I DO NOT UNDERSTAND!
you need to hold a certain amt of morality to feel shame at one's ?able behavior,w/out that he doesn't care
Sen Warren where did you get 15 million in assets? We need a court to make you own up ....
. Trump troll
Keep fighting!!
and Hillary didnt provide her records if i recall and yes i can RECALL
*Must wait to review all documents & data. STOP until all info has been shared.
FEET TO THE FIRE,  Great going keep digging.  Let's keep digging into Drumpf's tax returns
who cares. Just do the job he needs to do.  The past is past
it is the future everyone is worried about.
yes,I am much more worried about WMDs over my tail pipe these days.Terror or bombs will end it before GW ends it
.the reference was to roll back of pollution rules not climate change.
? The only reason to roll back pollution is climate change so it sounds.I do want clean air but GW, not concerned
. The roll-back of pollution rules is about corporate profits nit climate change.
and corporate profits are needed. Anyway to cut costs. Most should look into solar than. It usually helps with net$
. Outrageous corporate profits are not needed. Executive compensation must be reigned in. Trickle down
funny the stuff you guys can come up with to explain why it's ok for a guy with big oil interest To run EPA
Elizabeth Warren- thank you for your persistence at trying to bring some sense to this circus. So grateful for you.
Dems have created the circus. It's appauling the double standards,  hypocrisy, and undermining that's going on.
did he lie about his ethnicity to get a job?
Love you Elizabeth! You are an inspiration.
why did some Democracts vote for him? I don't understand and many citizens as well when waiting for emails??
Keep fighting the good fight!! Warren for President!
we would have Beavis and butthead..
your just mad your socislist plan to crush economy with regs is over!!!!!!
How do we know they won't get altered or go missing??
Amateurish deflecting. So, do I understand correctly that clean air isn't important to you?
So of course the Repugnant @GOP rushed the vote through. The people have no voice left, maybe a #Revolution is the only way.
and the Republican senators have sold out our country and will let anything happen as long as they get paid. Unamerican!
lets talk about the Red/Green alliance and why you really want muslims here!!!
He has been ILLEGALLY withholding  them for years! Tuesday 3000 pages get released!
I hope this is still the case even though he's already been approved.
PLEASE RUN IN 2020 WITH BERNIE AS VP OR VICE VERSA. PLEASE SAVE US
will it actually make a difference?
show us your Indian family tree...
conflict???
thank you for keeping the pressure on
imagine him in prison!! Orange Dragon, Orange Julius in Orange!! The new black!
Elizabeth, SCOTT IS A BOUGHT B*TCH!! #RIGHTONWARREN
...Oh Go Away Already! Take Nap!
YAWN!!!
and yet he was confirmed because @SenateGOP just doesn't care about clean water, clean air, or climate change, apparently.
Dear Senator my god what's happening in DC? All Trump nominees are crooks or billionaires. I'm so scared 
Do you know if this information has now been released?
https://www.redbubble.com/people/cottonnerd/works/25392578-nevertheless-she-persisted-resist-with-rosie?asc=u …
@SenSherrodBrown & they wouldn't wait 2c them. Richard Nixon created the EPA. have they Forgotten?!! @senrobportman we c u
I just watched you addressing the NAACP WOW !
but yet, he was still confirmed? #NeverNormalize
as shall Hillary Clinton!! You are very   Bias
Curiously, in what way will destroying the EPA benefit you? Do you have an underground shelter set up?
and what about your buddy Hillary selling our Uraniium to Russia. Hypocrisyruns throughout veins.
Just because our president said it does not make it true. Please do the research
I couldn't open the article from the New York Times. It is from 2015?
When do Trump voters get their Darwin Awards?  Just once this year? And maybe another every time a pipeline springs a leak? @SenWarren @EPA
Will have to get the award back from the Obama voters after his EPA turned an entire river orange.
Imagine you're referring the terrible accident at the Animas?  Key word being "accident"? Intentions matter. @GPKellyS97526 @SenWarren @EPA
Guess you didn't have a problem with the Exxon Valdez disaster, uh accident, then. Intentions matter, right?
Sure did. Drunk tanker captains matter, too. @GPKellyS97526 @SenWarren @EPA
Guess the accidental train derailment that poisoned the Sacramento river also OK? Pipeline would have been safer.
please keep fighting !
Republicans are digging their own grave with the way they have been running these confirmation hearings #hidingcorruption
But he still got confirmed as head of EPA? Now, what? @SenWarren @EPA
We now have the Pollution Protection Agency. No endangered species act. Coal runoff in streams. Pruitt is polluter.
dream on Pocahontas
does this mean we can still oust him if emails are incriminating
he can be forced out too!
Scott Pruitt will be sworn in.  Just to give you something to keep crying about
.@SenWarren @EPA & of course his confirmation has been rammed thru!
thank you for doing everything you can to protect us all.
do they read emails, listen to calls or read mail.  I call, write and email and still their shit us shoved down our throats
Let's see how well he listens to the courts, since Big Orange didn't.
@kittybhagat Your endorsement of Clinton's gave us Rump!
"She is a Native American, five percent.because she was a minority — it’s a disgrace what’s going on in our country.”
@K_Green_Irish1 @EPA Pence s emails as governor are or are in the process of being sealed fptill his death I suggest stopping it
Bus has pulled out, Warren
Hey Liz what about Trump's! Tax Returns? You know the Russian Connection!
We WONT back down!! Thank You Sen Warren
thank you for your persistence !
@RuthHHopkins @EPA Be sure to thank your Dem colleagues Heitkamp & Manchin for ensuring he's in @EPA. He wouldn't wo their vote!
Thank Senator Warren for your courage
THANK YOU
@parnellz @EPA Now if only that conflict clause applied to the president
He doesn't need to Pocahontas!
but it's all too late since he's already been confirmed
Why is Pruitt heading the EPA?  This story seems buried by the freedom of press drama the White House caused banning CNN.
He be head of EPA then! What chiefette going to do, scalp him? chiefette warren needum headdress to hide her hairnest! Ugly!
after the vote no less. That's convenient
hang in there and hold off on vote     This guy is horrible ( aren't all of the picks though!)
better than nothing I suppose...keep fighting!
Another rich fox enters the chicken house--poor old voter chickens should be designated endangered species. Not likely now!
will it make a difference by then?
#ShePersisted The truth will be unveiled and every one who approved should resign for putting personal gain b4 us and earth!
Stands with a fist is right.The Democrats must delay, It's all they have.What else are they going to do?They can't stop shit
@pgrandee10 @EPA Just a weeee bit too late.
She has amassed 27 million dollars with a job that pays 173k.
why does GOP not care about environment enough to delay vote until they can see what's in emails he's been hiding?!!
If the emails show what we suspect, can't we put a lot of pressure on the President to replace Mr. Pruitt?
Thank you @SenWarren for working hard to save our great nation.  We are behind you and appreciate you. #SaveTheEPA
Do you know the size of the EPA? Redundancies at state level? Falsified stats to drive a narrative? We're being scammed.
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @MADmagazine @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters @SenatorSchumer @CNN
WARRENING 
Pelosi Hazard Zone!
watch out for Curt schilling Liz   @EPA
blah blah blah you again ???part of the problem never the solution.shhhhhhh
I can't wait until he resigns is disgrace next week!
when are you going to release your DNA records?61
GOOD..NOW GO AFTER TRUMP FOR THE SAME THING..
Pruitt has no business heading up the EPA after suing several times. It's ludicrous. R's make no sense.
what difference does it make? Won't change Republican minds + you all know he's had dealings w/ oil anyway
I sincerely trust Dems will hound WH for his resignation, if emails show price fixing collusion w/ Big Oil

Convenient that they're to be released when it's too late to prevent his confirmation.
Go back on "The Failing Show," with Trevor Noah. We could see you as the real traitor you really are, Elizabeth Warren.
won't he just dissolve EPA since that's what he wanted to do for his oil employers? Then we can b like New Delhi @SenWarren @iamfonda @EPA
Would have been PRUdent to approve him or not after that.
keep fighting
how about you release your Native American records or pay back Harvard all the money you made thru your fraudulent app
Good Work, we are with you.
Vindictiveness and vanity is the root of Trump's evil
Too late now he's been confirmed.  Please organize your party and shun the Dems that voted to ruin our planet.  #Resist 2018
#StopPruitt #PollutingPruitt
@ChosenLawyers @EPA Probably too little too late, but I sure want to see them
oh fun, yet another scandal to rock trump admin...this one should be good, he's into fossil fuel for $300k
Hope that's not too late
he will be in office by then
A little late next week since he was already confirmed. What is wrong with Republicans? #Sickening

well you better get ALL ENERGY  companies emails not just big oil........
and yet he is still approved #RepublicanAdministration
too late tho. The scum republicans confirmed him anyway
you are a fake go away.
@trotta_marlo @EPA should be grounds for dismissal. Of course @McConnellPress should had postponed the nomination vote.
Scott Pruitt will clean house and drain the swamp at EPA.
How do you keep losing? LOL #MAGA
but what will happen when he refuses?
how's the resistance going ding bat I see Scott got confirmed today sit Down and stifle yourself
pocahontas..... shut up!  You lie more than a persian rug!!!! Hiawatha, hiawatha (indian chant)
Do everything you can to stop him. Please!
.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
now can we get some other records released? #tax filings maybe?!!! #taking to you @realDonaldTrump #you work for me
Oh yeas after you and your cohorts confirmed his appointment. You are always a bit late aren't you madam.
and then what? He's already in
encourage EVERYONE to call senators NOW Delay vote on Pruitt until after Tuesday! https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
Yippee !!! Thank you ! I have been just sick about his confirmation
would have been nice to have those ahead of time #Mercury http://time.com/4635162/scott-pruitt-science-denial/ …
yet sadly, he was appointed anyway :(
@ABC @nytimes No Scott Pruitt vote until the dealings with Big Oil are public. THIS IS BASIC!!
what are you going to do when it shows what we all fear?
Why would a member of @Potus #SwampCabinet hide his 'esteemed' business dealing from the public?  Isn't  #ScottPruitt honest
can a court rule DJT needs to release his damned taxes?!!
Hopefully he'll be the second cabinet pick forced to resign.
LOL - Pocahontas
the question is will it be enough to make him resign?
@iamfonda @EPA boom!
keep the pressure up.
You're. The best! Keep us informed

@patagonia https://twitter.com/vanya42st/status/832697102132142083 …
What's the point? They don't care.
Upset about Pruitt. More upset about H. R. 861 to terminate the EPA on 12/31/18.  That bill must not go through!
too bad that didn't happen before his confirmation. Resist/persist!
@jzirbaskev @EPA Yet #GOPHypocrites confirmed him anyway. Miserably unjustifiable not to wait for release of info Tues #appalling
OK so now focus on getting Tom Price's seat in the hands of a democrat :) and get those taxes released, get 45 impeached.
not even in office yet and already involved in a shit show.  He'll be gone the way of Flynn as well.
Why do all these repub & trump think that they don't have to go by rules & regulations? No one makes them be accountable WHY
we will get him to resign
After confirmation. Help me here? It helps to close the barn door after the horse is out...why? 
keep fighting for us Senator. #RESIST #ShePersisted
Yes
The EPA has been a heavyhanded, money grabbing joke on all of us. Come clean Senator.
im just curious about your feelings regarding Trumps press conference? Im still in shock; problem will never get out of it
yet the republicans voted for him!!
As an Oklahoman I'm frustrated he was pushed through before seeing these records. Thank you for all you do!
Too late.  The GOP is only interested N emails if they can be used as a political football.  They don't care about facts.
Big Money for Big Oil is all that matters to @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
will he?
According to CNN, in 2015 net worth, including her $5 million home, retirement accounts and mutual funds, was $8.75 million
Are GOP senators so dumb they don't want to wait first b4 confirming. Potential bombshells should be avoided first!
there are way too many secrets in this administration. Pence is president while Trump is on his I'm great rally no pres
Which is why Scott Pruitt MUST be denied!
This is must read!
well at least those earthquakes in OK will stop now. They voted for him again and again.
thanks for you persistence.
won't that be another feather in your cap pocahontas
How hard were you working with your friends to the right? This is ridiculous. Charles Manson may be qualified.
Better late than never
YES!!! DON'T GIVE UP!!!GO GET THEM!!!!
You apply for a job they do a background check.  I am sure there will be whining from POTUS. Let him whine.
nothing to see here
big oil is where it's at dumb ass.  Leave the man alone.  What's in the car you drive?
we need someone who's not afraid of the man you to get group together how to remove an ill man from office
She's part of the elite 1%. Wake up people. Term Limits
Elizabeth Warren aka Pocahontas is a total fraud. She's worth $13 million dollars, too- which means she's a total crook!
