If @realDonaldTrump won't reverse his birth control decision, Congress should make him. Read my @glamourmag op-ed.
If everyone had your picture posted on their bedroom wall, that would be the most effective free birth control ever.
How very sexist of you.
Sexist?  Calling a woman ugly is sexist?  Again. U and this kind of thinking is 100% WHY Trump is sitting in the WH. Congrats. Keep it up
Thought so.
Beauty is only skin deep. Ugly goes all the way down to the bone. Sen. Warren could look like a super model, she would still be ugly.
Shhhhhh. You do realize that despite women wanting to be treated equally (like a man) we can’t actually treat them like a man. So shhhhh
Alas, my hubs let's me have a job. I even get to drive there. They pay me for my brain. I don't act too smart lest I be burned @ the stake.
Whoa. I don’t get it. Men and women are not different. Please refrain from using word Husband. That’s sexist. No such thing.
No regrets that you should have birth control. Buy it if you want it.

You don't buy my new socks 4 me.
Yeah, socks and birth control. Those are equivalent.
Yeah didn't figure you'd get that part You buy your things. I don't want to. You don't buy my things. I'll buy my things Period. Get it yet?
Now you're not even making sense.
You must be speaking with @SenWarren #pocahontas as it were
And you don't understand how medical insurance works.
Use free clinics
The BC that treats my ovarian cysts is $112 w/o insurance. My boss shouldn't get a say in my medical treatment if i pay for insurance.
Reproductive rights. U mean the right to f**k around and not get pregnant dont u. Have u tried slugs.
And so?? Young married couples not ready for kids/family? Healthy couples that don't want a kid a year? Why equate birth control to sleaze?
U can screw all u want, but dont make me pay for your contraceptives.

Years ago EVERY woman purchased her own inexpensive birth control. We ALL survived! There are definitely more important issues to deal with!
Are you really a dude? @SenWarren
If you asked CONGRESS to declare a blue sky BLUE you would get 3 weeks of debate and no declaration.  #congressisbroken
If Trump needs Dem votes then he better reverse birth control stance & DACCA deportations. Use everything possible to undo his actions.
Are u that stupid, liz??????? Birth control is FREE AT LOCAL HEALTH DEPARTMENTS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY
I'm not obligated to pay for other people's prescriptions on any other medication so why should I be obligated to pay for this?
Why is there  a copay on insulin? Diabetics not a reliable voting block?
Killing a baby at 5 Months in the Womb is murder ! That's not a Woman's right ! Birth control cost about 30 /rubbers 3 ..Cont ....
IF you can't afford birth-control you can't afford to be having sex ! Use some freakin responsibility ! Your not my freakin dependent ..
Oh well..no more sex for all the men...maybe then they'll pay attention to what's happening to women's rights
Doubt it but nice try
She doesn't need b/c but I wish your mother had her own b/c
Do we have data on the kids/spouses of Congressmen/women using birth control & if government issued insurance is paying for it? Expose them!
Ever heard of condoms??? Wait... probably not...
Is he really attacking access or gov't funding. I think the access is still there?
Do them folks on the reservation have running water? What about electricity? Do they have any birth control? I figured you may know...Hello?
Just cross your eyes and dot your Tee ssssssss! Hey howaya Hey howaya Hey howaya.
So the #liberals want gun control to prevent even 1 murder. But killing a baby is totally ok? A new DNA exists at conception. Not at birth.
Did u give Weinstein money back? Understood he gave to dnc?
And menendez

Buy your own birth control. Take some personal responsibility.
Take away Viagra and see how many old GOP men will want to rethink the birth control issue!
Can congress make you disappear!!!
MR PRESIDENT MY PROBLEM I COULD NOT SLEEP OR DIE IT BECAME ALIVE AND BIT ME MANY TIMES WITHIN! WOULD NOT LEAVE !I TRIED TWICE THEN ACQUIRED+
Make him wear a 50 cent rubber

@realDonaldTrump is the poster child for birth control. I need #DoctorWho to bring me back 73 years ago and give #fredtrump a quality condom
Liz acting like all of a sudden every business is going to stop providing coverage. Grow up liz
Okay, but you become president on the big issues ... on remaking a consumer economy, keeping US out of war ...
Crossed legs works for bc. Why should taxpayers pay for bc?
It would be nice if Congress would do something.
Yes, please. Go back to actually doing your job instead of relying on or blaming the executive branch.
You want to have sex and have somebody else pay for your birth control pills this is what's wrong with Democrats
"Make him"? Sounds like a bunch of 4 year olds.
Your right, they’re not helping i this country
Why should I have to underwrite women who can’t comport themselves in an appropriate manner? It’s an attack on my economic freedom.
Lizzy , Pls stop t/stupidity. Religious freedom. Also, far cheaper 2 pay $8-9/mo (some places cheaper) than unreasonable premium and a copay
I guess you will supporting tax cuts so people can afford birth control?
So, you work in congress 2 days a week and spend rest of week writing articles for glamour?
Misguided liberal
Birth control is still available... same as it ever was. Why should an employer be forced to provide something he may not believe in?
Keep your ovaries out of government!
When will you leftist learn?

 Nothing in this world is free! 

STOP dividingour country with your HATE!

TRUMP 2020
Lol, @glamourmag ? Seriously, is that the only place that’ll print your nonsense now 
Seriously Pocahontas?? Glamour??
He is attacking people  freedom. The imprisonment  of women limits the freedom of  everyone. We are in this  together! !
I’m not going to attack her looks even though her picture could be used as birth control, but she will do anything for party not America
Maybe you can step down and join glamour magazine? You’re a fake Indian now you can be a fake journalist! 
How big of a loser do you have to be to beg men to pay for birth control. CRINGEWORTHY
You got that right!  Either that or just keep your darn legs closed for Pete’s sake! Abortion is murder! Partial birth pushed by KiLIARy!
ONLY ONE ATTACHES TO EGG CELL THAT IS IN ORGANISM THE BEGINNING OF THE LARGE INTESTINES THERE AFTER THE WHOLE EMBRYO BEGINS TO GROW!
Keep your private sex life out of American's wallets.
The bots on this thread are out of control lol. You'd think birth control was the biggest issue we face in this nation
He should put Congress on Obamacare.
Many Americans agree with his birth control decision. Stop killing babies.
Oral contraceptives are available at Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Rite-Aid, Target, K-Mart, Sams pharmacies for $4. FOUR bucks.
Amazon Choice: https://www.amazon.com/Trojan-Condom-ENZ-Lubricated-Count/dp/B0073R7TWU/ref=sr_1_1_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1508183238&sr=8-1&keywords=condoms&th=1 …

#fakeindian
@SenWarren HE isn't against birth control. He just believes it should be paid for by the person using it.  As do MANY other taxpayers.
Birth control helps both women AND men stay healthy & plan families. It is not the fault of women that they bear greater % of using it. @CNN
End the tyranny now. Get rid of the bum before he ruins everything.
Coming from someone who wants free crap
Too bad your parents weren't hip on that
Glamour?? Boy, their standards weren't stellar, but they've sunk to a new low accepting op-eds from you!
The only thing you should be writing about is applying war paint!
Pocahontas put a sock in it... no 1cares
Oh please let's just get this moron impeached, indicted in state court and go to prison.   That's happiness.
For what?
Bwahahahahahahahaha...[cough]...bwahahahahahahaha....daft old tart....bwahahahahahahaha...
Here’s the deal. He will reverse it when u say it’s ok for me to make a Muslim biz serve me pork! Sound good? We ok with that? Or na?
Stifle yourself, Edith!

I call you out Senator Warren. Tax payers should not be forced to provide birth control.
Should MAKE him read? is that how dems do things these days? Maybe use same things DNC hired during campaign?
wake up Senator Warren you're talking to an animal who likes to grab woman's genitals
Hmmm like Bill Clinton, Bill Crosby, Harvey Weinstein, Roman Polanski, etc etc
U lie it does nothing to restrict access of birth control for Women. They still have option to decide what they want to do.
So, to many of the male population who agree, don’t protect us, keep on using us to get your instant needs met.  That seems fair.  SMH
Best protection? Cross uour legs insteaf pf spreading them.
I’m a married woman, not a nun!
My spelling is typo due to fat thumbs, not unlike your derriere. Nuns don't need birth control. cross your legs for the best birth control.
So your finally going to do something....yeah right
LOLz Fauxcahontas doesn't NEED birth control but wants someone to pay for another's "right" to have it?! Hypocrisy, can you smell it 
it should be sold OTC - push for that instead

No but pocahontas is she speaks with forked tongue
Why should employers have to pay for you having sex safely? If you can’t afford it out of pocket, time to get another job.
If Lizzie had any sense she wouldn’t be a joke like she is now.
Liz, u r worried about this & ur party is in deep $h!t over Uranium 1.  You need 2 get ur priorities straight... that's what's wrong w/Dems!
“Congress should make him”? Does the Separation of Power Clause mean anything at all? Both Dems & Republicans are trashing the Constitution
These woman say "their body 2 do with what they please",but want everyone else 2 pay 4 it! Well Its my $  & I will do with it what I please!
Troll or bot. Either one stupid. Tax $ do not pay for abortions.

If Congress won't protect life maybe the @POTUS should make them
Senator Warren, perhaps a bill should be passed taking away ED drugs from the men.
GOP birth control pill: multivitamin held between the legs
GOP condom: get largest size, pull it down over your head
(Disclaimer: SATIRE!)
UR such a liar! Udon't mention that decision was made4employers who chose not to provide b/c of religious beliefs.Blanket statement much?
How bout women just pay for their own damn birth control
Women r not children
We don't need you or gov't to oversee everything in our life
Economic freedom?? Birth Ctl pills $9/mo at Target/Walmart
OMG buy your own birth control. You are talking 10 a month. Why MAKE me buy them for someone when I don't need them?????????????????
She must not have looked in mirror lately. Nothing glamorous about this bimbo.
Sorry Pocahontas, teach morals.
Do you REALLY think it's wise to think you can get Congress to 'force' the president to do anything? Try it Lizzie, see what happens next 
About the op-ed, no. Same old dem BS, get ppl addicted to govt handouts& force those that don't to do. You & your party need to go away.
The real issue is the FED govt is overreaching powers as it has over the past 100 years-10th amendment- But whatever, congress has no limits
Nothing is for free
Oh #fauxcohantas no one took away anyone's access to birth control, just won't be using my tax dollars to pay for you #lyinghypocrite
Congress should do a lot of things. Too bad they won't.
This is the cover of the new article from Rolling Stones
No proof President Trump actually did anything but  with Weinstein there it is now 30 proof.
Clinton Chief Strategist Admits 'Russian Facebook Ads' Didn’t Win Trump the White House
Quit killing American children and importing illegal aliens.
I want free condoms.
All those strong, independent women demanding the GOV get out of their uteruses? CAN BUY THEIR OWN BC. NOT a public expense, you dimbuld.
Hey I want the govt to pay for my hormone pills!!!  Can you make that happen Liz?
Why pay insurance co thousands extra for something that is costing $50/year. 
#Libtards can’t do basic math. 
#OBC more than doubled premium
I am still confused as to how being financially responsible for birth control is an attack on women.  I find the public outcry offensive.
Why do you think it's cool to kill babies, something is really wrong with you!
we would like u 2 go away Im tried of paying 4 someone else 2 get whatever YOU want them 2 get Get a job like the rest of us earn it!
http://www.equalrightsamendment.org  Women DESERVE legal standing with EqualRightsAmendmt.WAITING since 1972.Need only 3 more States.NV ratified 2017!
" Pocahontas also would have gone to the drug store for treatment of hemorrhoids. Simply because it was her right. Would've sniffed finger.
@SenWarren please join us in denouncing Van Jones for being friends with Susan Sarandon. As you know she cost Hillary the election.
MR PRESIDENT STAY ALIVE WHILE PREVENTING THE LARGE INTESTINES FROM GETTING FOOD OR WATER ;THEN I BECOME ALIVE AND LEAVES THE BODY!
As pointless as an 8 ball.
You say women are strong & smart. Let them pay their own way. If you play...you pay period!
Perhaps someone should have told Obama that
Glamour Magazine? No self respecting woman with half a brain reads that trash.
SENATOR JESUS TOLD US HOW TO BECOME LIKE GOD! AS THE CATERPILLAR BECOMES A BUTTERFLY !SO MAN HAS TO GO THROUGH A METORMORPHIS!
Execution of babies glorified in a glamor magazine.  You are a sick piece of trash.
What would Pocahontas do?

Pay for your own. I don't need to pay for anyone's sex life. If you can't afford 20 a month you need a job not sex. Strong women work!
Bs,
Don’t you know how your job works  ??? Write a Bill and get it passed !! Something you have never done, your a useless Senator !!!
Finally
Yet the old white men @housegop and the orange freak want thier daily does of viagra covered. I ain't paying for your shriveled up woody.
No and no no and no
How does congress feel after being screwed by the dictator in the white he simple said go f yourself Congress I do what I want
The Russians made him do it.
Birth control is the least of people's problem if we can't afford #healthcare.  We need #universalHealth coverage!!
We need both. Ignoring the small slights is how you lose the whole thing. Death by 1000 cuts.
Say anything for a vote Warren!
That’s what we said about the Senate when Obama wrote his own immigration laws. You defended him breaking our laws so sit down old woman!
Oh Liz!  If anyone should get FREE pills, that is our military!  I refuse to pay for unprotected sexual habits!
Like the viagra?
NO, don't read crap.  PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY! pay for it yourself...EMPOWER WOMEN by letting others pay for her sex life? GROW UP!
BULL SHIT LIZ ! it's not my responsibility to pay for little Suzie' s BC.  She can get them for free at the clinic


He should read it anyway. But he only reads things that are 140 characters or less. God bless you for trying, though.
Check out your thread Liz, people are "woke" and ain't swallowing your BS anymore.
You don’t make a President do anything without first getting the approval of those who elected him President. He will not reverse Liz.
You’re arguing for feminist causes... in GLAMOUR MAGAZINE?  What, was Hustler busy that day?
I do not need the government to mandate coverage. I am responsible enough to factor that into my other medical expenses. Don't speak for all
No, I refuse to read your kind of fictional writing.
When will you Socialists get that we, the people don't want to pay for contraception and abortions?
Nah
How about you just follow the Supreme Court decision on Hobby Lobby? Hello
Absolutely!  don't think he realizes signing an executive order does not make it law.  thinks he's king, not illegally-elected prez
neither did Obama
Your daddy should have pulled out.  That is the cheapest birth control available
No!!! He did the right thing! Congress just wants to throw a monkey wrench into his good work! #DealWithIt
WORDS ... WORDS ... WORDS .. MORE WHINY POLITICAL BS. GET off ur ASS and ur cush leather chair, Liz and GET ON THE STREET ... ur LOSING
Shouldn't you be in prison for blatantly lying about your heritage in order to deceive & be awarded a job you're not qualified for?
MR PRESIDENT YOU KNOW THE LARGE INTESTINES DURING SEX WHEN THE  SPERM CELL! WHAT ARE THE CHARACTERISTICS IT IS LIKE A SERPENT WHICH ++
The simple solution is make it available OTC. It doesn’t cost more than $1 to make one month supply. Walmart can provide for #$4/mo. #THINK
Were you born on the sun? You think the Republicans would ever go for that?  Do you think Republican members of Congress read @glamourmag?
No. No. No. Just say no. Retire. Please Liz, retire.
STFU
your pack needs  young leader who unites inspires  not old guard if not all won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball
That´s a good one, Trump and reading, that´s as realistic as him feeling empathy for anyone but himself ^_^
I paid for my birth control and the next generation can pay for theirs. It's not my job.
Send Trump the bill for babysitter and maternity coats!
Until Dems are back in power, it won't happen. GOP represses women's rights.
Yes!!!! The GOP is represses women's rights. Please join us in  denouncing Van Jones for his insensitive friendship with Susan Sarandon
Why doesn't my home insurance pay for my lawn to be cut?
But so far Congress really hasn't. Not on any issue. He's inept, dangerous & a blatant liar and Congress STILL hasn't done anything. Why?
Such ignorant lying propagandist lying!
Please, get that man out of the White House. He has no clue and is cruel!!
I'm good with BC. But I'm not paying for others yahah time. Get your own.
Crooked Indian
Pay for your own birth control (and viagra too)
Still believe that the government should be dictating what companies should be covering what? If a business doesn't believe in B.C for religious reasons. It's their right .
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. Warren allows  Foreclosure scam. #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … … … … …
Senator, thanks for your article! Thought you might like this, but couldn't post it to your FB page. Thank you for all you do for us!
