Absolutely. We need an end to this .
WHY HASN'T ANYONE DONE A GODDAMN THING TOWARD ACTUALLY STOPPING THIS,  RATHER THAN JUST ID WHATS WRONG? @TheDemocrats @houseDemocrats
Were asking that 2
sounds like chem trails.
You don't make sense and we don't care what you think God bless America God bless Donald Trump
Donald trump is a pig and is unfit to hole the highest of fine in the land. No amount of pointless prayer is ever going to change that.
Have worked 4 50yrs w/those conditions,all prior to POTUS45. Stop grandstanding work with him 4 UR constituents. Stop ing so irate UR BULLY
Most civil tweet for uncivil Femmenasty
What's?
Shut up Elizabeth no one respects you at all
Maybe if you got off your tweeting butt and did something you may accomplish something but I doubt it miss do nothing congress
That is 1 worthless, useless, individual. He is a waste of time & energy.
Whyuno
Tweet me?
Rsvp
#ProtectOurWorkers #PreventionCostsLessThanTreatment #BerylliumSilicaIamShocked #GoGreen
Wack  job Warren
You are the reason I used to be a DEMOCRAT!!!!!
Your reminders of why we fight the good fight, despite the opinions of many we fight for, are good for morale. Thanks.
And stomach cramps from two many coffee breaks...
And what have U done for us???"0!"U Dems have drug down the middle class with our small businesses, taxes and using us as Ur personal ATMs!!
You are NOT who Americans want!!  You will fail again!!!  You always do
#MAGA Please tell me what @realDonaldTrump has done for you? This is harmful to you. This is not in your interest. Please wake up.
Understanding Why Evangelicals Stand by their Man
It's not good why.
you seem to think you can say anything and people will just believe you.  I've got a "23 and Me" kit for you.
b/c neither trump - nor his family - has never had to do any honest or real work of any kind ever 

they cannot empathize with real workers
Hey you work with your big mouth Trump has done a lot of work he works hard every day but you wouldn't understand that idiot
has done a lot of what? please be specific.
Hey gringo open your ears and shut your mouth and listen
The people of MA must be treated after being exposed to you for over 4 damn years. You are more corrupt than Hillary! #bettyexposes
Nah! I think Hillary's the corrupter in chief/she's been around a lot longer then Liz
Nah Goofy Elizabeth Warren is the chief cuz it's her "heritage"
And what have you ever done to protect us??
All you can do is talk and screech. 
You have an incredibly inflated opinion of yourself.
Very sad & very true
This is why I vote Democrat.
You had me at, "Hello," @SenWarren. #WarrenIn2020
I'm in MA, please let me know what good Warren has done for the state, id love to know.
I bet she's done slightly more for MA than Senator Trump did for NY. But I'm sure that's still not enough for you.
You dont even know what silica is
Just another day in delusionland huh elizabeth?

#LyingLizzieWarren
Hush
Please run for Prez.  We will kick some as#.....
Get to work
Trump helped workers more than demoncrats ever have now stop lying,stick head back up ass and fart so u can fill back up w/ hot air
Trump cut taxes and on top of that he reduced 5 percent in the wages of working hard Americans, what a disaster. Trump is a failure!
It's the last 8 President they sold the United States down the drain they r useing trump for the fall guy he
Um, Hello? Liz?
'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
He hasn't been president very long
how is he doing this

Miss running her mouth with lies

@realDonaldTrump has destroyed America and will continue to destroy Americans until he is stopped.
Trump , Trump, Trump . JC Pocahonta don't you have something  better to say after 8 years of complete misery
WHAT ABOUT OUR PROTECTION,FDA DONE BAD JOB ON BAD DRUGS-I SEE SOME DEMO & REP TOOK MONEY FROM SAME DRUG COMPANYS-- THIS GOT TO STOP- NOW !!!
Yea Right! Keep spewing your liberal B.S
How about Democratic BS exposure
Congress could prob fix those restrictions. Trump wasn't in charge when the issue first came up. But most of you were there.
Thank goodness we have people like you fighting for up.
Shut up 
Show me the facts that back up your statements.
how do you spell looney @SenWarren  that's how I spell it
What jobs or labor force have you created? Only thing you've ever done was steal a proud people's heritage so you could destroy our children
Liz you just praised  the Coast Guard for their help in Texas and do you not know President Trump is their Commander and Chief. 
My grandmother died from berylliosis when she was in her mid-fifties. She got it from working as a secretary in a lightbulb factory.
What were you doing for the past 8 years?Sleeping?Just woke up now I guess.
Aren't those states issues?
Who cares what this #skank says? I remember her saying #Potus would make it to the White House. Dems couldn't cheat to make it happen. #maga
unions rock!
Senator, you credit Mr. Trump with far more authority than do I, and I voted for the man.
Why is wrong with our government? Can’t you stop him. There must be a way. We need to stop @realDonaldTrump NOW!!!!!
What you really need to do is negotiate, not simply resist, for the good of the American people.
Bullsh*t.
Please spare me your Pelosi antics! You've never been for the American worker. You've actually cheated your way.
All BS.
And don't forget those damn menthol cigarettes...way to fight for the workers 
@JohnDennisWEEI
In short, Trump is NOT4working folks!!! He lies & tries to lead ppl to think he is BUT HE HAS SCREWED MANY OF HIS WORKERS OUT OF PAY! CONMAN
Wrong again, you rwally do need to educate yourself. The EEOC, has done little or nothing to help people who file complaints.
Do your fucking job.....support and work with YOUR POTUS,or get the hell out of our country !
Thousands of miners are now on welfare thanks to Odimmy. Good job peace pipe smoker.
EEOC?  Is everybody on your staff paid exactly the same wage as per seniority?  Or how ever you pay them?
How many times for how many years has Congress “kicked the can” of their responsibilities?  You can’t keep blaming POTUS(s).
Hey look, the fake indian whjo made a fortune off the misery of others...piss off fauxohauntus
+ Putin/GOP friendly rollbacks: CFPB retirement/pension investment fund finance & mineral payoff disclosure regulatory protections #LaborDay
Not true most all the industry committees are continuously being reviewed and written by non-public groups. #wayitshouldbe
Your comments are ludicrous and dishonest! Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!
Are you out of your mind??? Just more demo bull crap. I feel sorry for this woman's husband! Probably married to a low level Indian!
How is any of this ok?!?!?!?!
Sorry Lizzie but exposure to you is the most hazardous  waste of all!
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @MtnMD #Veterans Treasonous Trump/Pence Motto: ANY Distraction is a Good Distraction https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/everything-is-a-distraction-from-something-much-much-worse/2017/07/13/a42384e0-6809-11e7-a1d7-9a32c91c6f40_story.html …
Give it a break! 8 yrs with Obama why didn't you guys get these so called problems fixed
Get back under your rock Pokahontas
He just wants to make the rich, richer.... PERIOD! He cares NOTHING about the rest of US!
All for big business who left unchecked will screw workers. That's a Trumps swamp and he is the monster
All that in eight months it's a MIRACLE

She's pointing at your picture. Too funny!!


If anyone can help flooded out sister http://gofundme.com/4ci37ew 

The Soggy bottom Gals, they depend on Depends, and Fabreze
And?
Yes he has. My question is, what do YOU plan to DO about it?
Hiawatha
Those imposed so called protection worked  because there were no jobs. Go back to pretending to be a law professor. You're no entrepreneur
@SenWarren supports over 900 babies murdered at Planned Parenthood daily.
Because he does not give a shit about this country at all
Very poor grammar. You are now blocked.
Why do workers need the Federal Government to provide protections? Not in Constitution. Aren't Unions supposed to do that?
mine safety?    @realDonaldTrump is opening them so miners get while YOU shut them down 

PRESIDENT Trump.
Snowflakes
I see your still telling your lies to keep your job...how's your tribe doing...oh that's right you made that up too
Hey. He's about jobs... not safe fair good paying jobs...but jobs jobs jobs right?! Ugh!
Lizzy You are a Waste of Bandwidth on a holiday  so sad and unAmerican
What about YOUR role in defending TRAVELERS in Travelers v. Bailey - a landmark asbestos case argued before the US Supreme Court @SenWarren?
So right
I'm thinking your unhinged. Your campaign against him won't work. Vote her out!
THERES ANOTHER EXPOSURE U DONT CARE ABOUT FDA & BAD DRUGS-I SUFFER STILL & I KNOW OF MANY WHO DIED ,IT'S N THE AIR,FOOD,DRUGS, ? U DONT CARE
Your rants r laughable
This is not true
Gee,does anyone know anyone in Government to keep this in check? Maybe a Senator?You were put there to do just that.Why preach to the choir?
You don't give a goddamn about this country  money that's your mantra
Warren....what have you done lately besides pad your campaign war chest, b#@ch & moan about anyone who opposes you. Return to OK.... please!
Damn I am sick and tired of your bullshit. Pls block me
It is your choice to read. Don't read or respond then.
and this is just the beginning...   #LaborDay
Please nobody believes anything you say.
How is this woman in office?
Trump has eliminated all the good things President Obama created or improved.
Please fight to support DACA and say no to the damn wall.
Regulations are regulations for a reason @realDonaldTrump  ,
There's more pressing items then this fluff concern. Ever heard of North Korea and hurricane Harvey? The nation cares more on this right now
Sad
What are Dems doing about it? Strangely silent except random Twitter posts. That's not action. Even futile actions are something.
You're a miserable politician ur the single reason I'm not a resident anymore

