Yet another gut punch to struggling student loan borrowers. And another reason we need the @CFPB to protect students when @usedgov fails.
The gut punch is no jobs! Terrible job market-you made that.
Be serious. Do you realize what student loan is doing to our economy? Student loan debt is not a joke and it not playing politics. It's real
When did Navient pushed students into bad loans? What was being done before DeVos??
Exactly! Those #debtors (students) are bitter because they're being asked to #PayBackTheMoney and @BetsyDeVosED isn't the issue paying is!
Navient tried to fool students with interest rates above what civilized nations offer if they want an educated population. It's time 2 fight
No that was the Obama administration. Downfall of this country totally on that admin. Shameful
We said the same thing with the banks and the gov took care of them. How about GM, sally Mae, and fanny Mack. The gov covered their bad $
We've been paying 7 years on student and owe more now. When we took a couple of deferrments, weren't advised how much would be added. 
Make no mistake, @elizabethforma shows her envy and pettiness in her tweets against @BetsyDeVosED Will not serve her well in race to Prez
Here comes the next economic crisis. This will cripple an entire generation of Americans.
For 30 years, these companies apply your money to their fees, sell your loan, you get new fees, recycle. You Can't Pay Them Back!!
LADY, YOU PRETENDED TO BE NATIVE AMERICAN TO GET FUNDING FOR COLLEGE,  YOU KNOW ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ABOUT STUDENT LOANS.
Join the miliyary...theres your free education!
But it's ok for the government to do it. When are the people borrowing the money held responsible. $150k to be a photographer come on.
and you had special rates and student loans as a poor black male child ... nut job. Ethics of Enron, shame on you
Those "bad loans" were under Obama watch nt DeVos/Trump. Obama practiced strategic patience w loan cos too?
Two sticks short of a wigwam!
As someone buried in debt because of it, I agree.  While I have a great job, I would be better off at a lower paying job and no debt
And no degree.
Again with the big mouth "a big wet kiss" you can't make this stuff up, gross!
Can these people read?  They get the loan, they signed, they agreed to pay it back!  Stop making everyone else pay for someone else's loan!!
Trust me Warren no one wants any kind of kiss from you
Did they make the students sign? Whatever happened to personal accountability?
trumpf and party need to be removed faster
How does the kiss compare to the big one you gave Hillary during her campaign?
Wow, I didn't know that the lenders forged these students' signatures on loan docs, or put guns to their heads.  #fauxcahontas speaks.
Of course she did because she is a HUGE SCUMBAG!!
This sounds eerily familiar...
The Democrats are responsible for inundating the colleges and universities with Government loans for snowflakes. 55% at Harvard
Jesus of Nazareth was right: Unless you know what poverty/suffering is, your judgment of major issues in this rough world will be twisted.
Any loan to study for a B.A. Is a bad loan...
Mm-mm-mm!
Well at least YOU didn't have to worry about interest-bearing loans from the institution to taught at. Talk about pushing tuition $$ up!
DeVos is #badnews for education.
Aren't most of these loans run by the govt you are a part of? Instead of campaigning on this, do something...All talk no action
#becausegovernmentknowsbetter #kissofwarren
If we gave every person a solid #financialeducation in #highschool, #wethepeople would be better able to make SMART financial decisions.
Usury law needs to be revised to control lending institutions interest . You tell me who is the bad guy here?
Usury law allows predatory lenders do high interest legally w/a permitted lending license.
If defult it lender are victims &borrower bad guy
@NancyCauthen @usedgov Shut down student loan predators; free public college for all
Please, Pocohantas, stop.
Ms. Warren; When will you start builiding up America instead of tearing it down continuously?
Check with Maxine Waters, maybe Devos is a Russian spy!
What about all the kisses Susan rice and Obama shared. You and Hilary screwing Bernie Sanders
I know...maybe you and @SenSanders can pay for their school. Burn can sell 3 houses and you your 5mil mansion. What you think Pochantus?
Sounds like students shouldn't go to schools they can't afford and get degrees that don't get jobs.
More fake news wanna be indian
She's a con
Student Loans are "high risk" because too many kids drop out & for some reason feel they don't have to repay their loans.
maybe the problem is not the loans, but the fact that these kids are getting degrees that are useless in the real world
Had you backed Bernie we might not be talking about DeVos
Either one of them..but yes you're right
please resign, when u r corrupt and lie, u need to quit! Your embarrassing comments and history is an insult to real Americans!
Please help us Senator Warren, Navient is my servicer and they are the WORST. They asked me to pay $500 just to cancel my IBR plan. #corrupt
No one is going to rescue you! Seriously did you give a F&$k when you borrowed all that money?
Getting to second base is the set of tactics aimed at denying loan forgiveness to those who work for the gov't/nonprof for 10 years.
...we know why because old girl Betsy collection agency for student loans will make a killing #resist #russiagate #TrumpColluded
A little due dilligence goes a long way. A college student needs a little common sense to avoid "bad loans", not big brother.
And you've taken $$$$$ from teacher unionist
Blowhard you have done nothing.
You mean while Obama was president and Obamacare changed student loans?
How does someone get "pushed" into a bad loan you fuckin nitwit?
How do we stop this train wreck?
No one listens to you you are a real nut case
These students are adults willing to sign on the bottom line.

An eye-opening elcome to the adult world!

Get a life, woman.
Progressivism, where everyone is a victim.
I don't understand why if this is so important it was not fixed over the last 8 years. If it is broken but getting you what you want is OK.
Why is it than you never mention that it is because of 43/GOPs bankruptcy reform that removed student loans from being dischargeable debt?!
Yes, and what  now ?! what will happen to all of us now that you have in front of you what we have been screaming?
This is really hateful! They are trying to destroy our country.
We knew the Globist Black Water Family were government parasites. Maybe Neil and Marvin can get in on the act.
That's what she's all about $$$$
I'm sure it impacts your female staffers which you pay significantly lower than your male staffers...
It's all about the money
Hey Liz, did you know it was the Clinton administration which made it so one could not have student debt dismissed in bankruptcy.
This is all about protecting the rich & loan industry
Just the kind of reason she should have never been approved.
Grrrrr!
DeVos is a billionaire Jackass.
Get Feds out of loan business decrease corruption.  DeVos, Trump in it to make money for themselves and their friends. Stand up 4 little guy
She probably owns a chunk of the company
Probably
Then it's up to U and the rest of the dems. to not be passive anymore. Go after these RED state elections. Raise money, turn them BLUE!
Not true Overhaul coming
Her appointment is disgraceful from beginning to end. A bought position no one in the biz can stomach.
Boy! Bad choice for education!
VERY FAKE NEWS!!! And a Senator who sadly doesn't know the difference!!!
it's part of being a adult. YOU can make a decision on school and loans. Welcome to the world you need to figure it out
What can we do to ensure Betsy Devos is either fired or kicked out of office?
She is poison for #StudentLoans
@ALT_MyName @usedgov @nytimes To be replaced by their KLEPTOTHEOCRATIC Right leaning "for profit" schools.
@ALT_MyName @usedgov @nytimes Navient and the "for profit" education lobby are working tirelessly to eliminate public education!
That's who I make my student loan payments to 
Has she no decency?
She's part of the rich elites who never had to really work or care about poor/middle class who have to actually work & pay 4 education. 
@SenWarren, go after the doctors and lawyers that owe hundreds of thousands. They make six figures per year on a free education. Is this ok?
Thanks Senator for figting this evil empire.
Navient is a loan servicer. They don't "push students onto bad loans". Your feigned outrage is not supported by facts @SenWarren.
What can we do to fight back?
Navient wants me to pay $900/month on a WV teacher's salary, for which I haven't even been able to find a job yet #poor teachers #needhelp
Wait, what???
that was you democrats E warren that gave out loans like candy to buy more votes. That is also why tuitions have gone through the roof.
the education department needs to be blown up and rebuilt
She's Got to Go!  Horrible for education in every way
So does all those credit cards that tempt students and young adults where's the outrage for that?
She is cruel. She's never needed a lone...thanks to no effort on her part. She embodies "fortunate." A vacuous purse empowered as payback.
Lucky me. 8.5% with Navient that I can't refi. I'm 65, will be dead before  it's paid.
Lucky me.
How much in kickbacks will she get
What financial ties/connections does DeVos have to Navient? 
Let me guess. One of her family's investments is in Navient, or they own it outright. Good old evangelical Christian ethics and values.
Unbelievable

'pushed into bad loans' ... Boo effin hoo

Nobody ever did a damn thing to redress any of the stupid decisions I've made in my life
We still should try to clear out as many loan speculators as possible.  Americans aren't that smart in important decisions, unfortunately.
But the repercussions of those who are just student loan hunters affects people who r smart enough to hunt n gain entry into legit colleges
I know if places that charge 6-8K a semester, that are as legit as buying a diploma online.  They veer into legitimacy from draining loan $
When fools and their money can no longer be easily parted ... you just create a society of fools
Very true. I just don't want any federal loans to go to loan speculators  (from loan defaults) and scam "colleges" or "universities" enabled
In this we are agreed .... I'm just fed up with people like @elizabethforma trying to buy votes with taxpayer dollars
One has to wonder how much $$$ SHE earned off the backs of students who are now under crushing debt from their loans
Despicable. 
And what did Obama do for education in 8 years? What about you FAUXKAHONTAS ? 
$ 325,000+ a year to teach part time ?
She is Blackwater
Navient has me by the throat for 15 years already. I'm almst 64 y/o. No end in sight. I owe 2X more, now, than when I graduated
thanks for standing up and speaking out. I pray the like minded continue to grow in number!
Navient, sick of your bullshit and your attempt at rebranding. I SEE YOU SALLIE MAE
College would be a lot cheaper if the Government didn't back loans.. think
sick to my stomach over devos' moves
Go get her, Liz. Let's drain the swamp! Thanks!
My daughter's student loan payments have skyrocketed.  Navient is despicable! Need to fight back.
DeVos gave a "wet kiss"? Why are you tempting me to make a dirty joke out of that, Senator? #Warren2020 #RunLizRun #WarrenSanders2020
Charge less for your lectures and tuition should go down. Share this tip with all your socialist friends.
This student loan system has to be fixed. Please make it a priority. It is not fair or good for the nation.
Such sheeple..ignorance to facts.
Where did the #BigWetKiss come from? If I didn't know better I'd say that was a very #sexist #catty comment. warren - bitter and vindictive
Disgusting how irresponsible...  good read.
No, that's your PARTY!
Make no mistake ew is the worst senator of our age next to the imbecile socialist embraced by the Dems tragic for our country their lies
White headed old white men who voted for Trump. Look what you did to your grandkids! Aren't you proud???
DeVos is so disconnected and evil.
Way to go "Trump Swap dwellers or hires!"
This is an outrage!!
She's awful... 
Thanks for all your hard work Sen. Warren.
#resist
She is utterly disgusting. Unqualified & self-serving
Why isn't that an actionable CONFLICT OF INTEREST for DeVos??
And she is costing the ED dept 8 million extra for her security. poor scared wittle billionaire.
The cost of college pushed students into bad loans. How much do you make to teach one class?
Again, you have enough money to buy a cabinet position. You will never get it!
Let's get the government out of the education finance game.
And Miss Elizabeth Warner you have the golden award today

Trying to gain student votes by spreading propaganda is shameless. Everyone knows u would do anything to get re-elected. Can See thru u!
It's sad
democrats were in charge the last eight years. Why wasn't the student loan interest rate reduced to 3%?
This is like the sub-prime mortgages,  only for students
This is like the surprise mortgages,  only for students
There goes another piece of the American dream by the least knowledgeable person to appointment as Secretary of Education. DUMB
Why are you so jealous of Devos, is it because you were a lowly, liberal professor and she has done much better than you
Policy that destabilizes families. Common theme. Ultimately produces children for sex trafficking. Global elite=top of food chain
I was with Sallie Mae and they sold my name to Navient, I'm almost done paying them off.
Like the mortgages government pushed banks into so everyone could own a home.
This is why I'm wondering why the F Trump won. Don't we all remember 2008????
Not sure if you're leery of a liberal Trump or putting the crash on conservatives. If the latter you'll find Dems fingerprints at the source
It was both yes which is why I'm for Dodd- Frank
