Thank @SenWarren for caring and remembering those of us who make less then $25,000 a year.
You need to work on your life coach pitch if you're going to offer it, unsolicited, to people who don't give on thin S what you think.
Thank you for taking time out of your day to validate my existence. 
Anyone telling my neighbor to just work harder, make better choices needs to get out. Never worked harder in my life than when on minwage.
Apologies if I was condescending. You don't need my validation, just dignity & a living deserved of all citizens.
Wow Trump! Way to be there for the average American! You should be ashamed at all the poor choices you have made for our country!

That's your comeback. Why don't you come back with some facts that show Trump supports middle class America?

Of a piece. Every executive position appointed by Trump has had perverse interests.
What are the perverse interests?
Interests opposed to the stated goals or objectives of their depts. Carson poverty a choice. Pruitt climate chg deny. Devos creationist.
So you don't know....
Which is why he was picked. Drumpf has made a fortune off the backs of workers & contrary to his bluster, he doesn't give a damn about them.
That's always nice. Makes those of us in unions feel like the administration is looking out for us. Can you sense  sarcasm over tweets?
I try to end with '/s', it's helpful for conveying the sarcasm clearly.
When ever you speak you rattle Donald Trumps Cage. So he can't focus on Anything

Keep up the good work, you make yourself look more foolish with each Tweet
Do you have any idea how union raise the cost of construction projects When laborers are making 100k a year and we cant fill stem jobs in US
Unions are put in place to create dissent between employer and employee. 
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
And what are the D's doing?!! You should be SCREAMING about this all day everyday-no time to be polite!!! Our country is being destroyed!

Come on Elizabeth I want to see you on the News like we did during the Election telling people whatDonald Trump is. People need to hear you

How is it possible that he picks the worst possible people for committees? It must be intentional.
I guess it depends on where your sitting in congress or in the real word! Give them a chance
Senator, you realize all his picks are tearing down are institutions! Get your colleagues together and keep fighting. Can't confirm

Protecting the sovereignty of our nation is getting free shit? Go trolling elsewhere
You would not know anything about that geez do you lie. Are your constituents that stupid that they believe what you're saying. Pocahontas
Sounds like another unethical person ill-suited to public service. I didn't realize there were so many out there. They're flocking to Trump!
Illegal immigrants working for cheap does that.
Thank you Senator Warren for standing strong for the rank and file and opposing these two NLRB nominees
U mean to join unions and pay dues who contribute to your campaigns. Dems are like union courting prostitutes.
The public now expects all tRump appointees to be adversarial & loaded with checkered pasts. This is the pattern of a mob boss-not a POTUS.
Union busting is a good thing for America.
And about time. Perhaps manufacturing will once again be what it was when my Mom manufactured boys shirts.
Now that your up for re election your using twitter like never before. Too little too late !
Indeed and what the working class does not realize it that they have no value to trumpO and he could care less about them....
Somebody PLEASE run against @SenWarren and get this woman out of office!
And Liz Warren taught at the school where Ted Kaczynski went, making it terrifying for Americans to receive mail
You understand that if an union is irresponsible & selfish they can take down a company right? They fight 4 their right to unemployment.

I suddenly have a very sick feeling in the pit of my stomach!
So what so did the D.O.D. and jimmy carter was worst president for unions. Union Buster May He rott and BURN IN HELL
Excellent choice
Trump you mean right?
And this is shocking, how?
Exactly!!
Then they need to get a better paying job.
Workers don't improve wages, they improve the value of their contributions.
Unions overall suck the life out of companies.  Of course you say that when you give favors and try to garner their support... U loser!! Ha
Right to Work states are succeeding, while those that aren't are failing!  Unions times have passed.
On the healthcare issue
And he says he's for the working people-such a hypocrite liar. The man is not mentally stable, he's also changed his stance 3 x's in 36 hrs
And another crook will get appointed
Good for him
Blablabla I hate 50% of the country blablabla.      Please re elect me so I can whine and do nothing again
Good!  We don't need unions, they are just a bunch of mobsters steeling money from members
Eliz. you have most likely never worked under union banner except as a teacher. Teacher uni. always get a pass because they are 4 children
Boo Hoo!
You don't need a union to improve wages & working conditions. Go look at Wisconsin's many accomplishments, you might just learn something.
It's a 5 member board. He isn't the only vote. Dems have nominated Labor Leaders.
Another loathsome choice
No surprise, he wants to sit at the big boys table so badly, he would sell out his own mother to get a pat on the head!! Pure evil his greed
Of course, make America great for businesses, American people don't matter, unless they are rich sycophants.
you progressive liberals actually killed middle-class working men & women,stop ignoring facts,so pathetic
Shows your still living in 1930s thinking unions help workers. Voted out next election
Dear Lieawatha how would you know anything about work? Criticizing & complaining is not work. You need to get busy & do something productive
Conman phony crook @POTUS needs impeached. #russia #COLLUSION #ESPIONAGE #treason @DRUDGE_REPORT @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @MSNBC @CNN
If unions have no opposition, they kill the host--do you get that, Ms Warren?
Thank you for paying attention to this issue. Dem Support for Unions has to be more present leading up to 2018, or we risk a repeat of 2016.
Thanks for protecting our Rights
in another universe: "MA elects Elizabeth Warren, who marked Native American on her college app in order to receive a racial advantage."
You are two follower troll and that is a lie. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Please grow up
Senator Warren what are Dems doing about the dismantling & destruction of the State Dept?  I am freeking out and no one is saying anything.
On the bright side, he also provided thousands of people with jobs. What have you done with your time?
The majority of people that belong to labor unions these days are government employees. Why exactly do they need a union?
Hey Elizabeth, Trump is president in part because Unions got tired of democrats shipping union jobs overseas.  Try harder.
Socialism at its best.
That's going to be the future for labor in this country. Our voices will no longer be heard in washington
We cannot let that be the case. Call Congress every day if you have to.
Well we may finally get someone to counter the bureaucracy that rules the NLRB. And of course you can't relate to anything that makes sense.

Liz, the thing is we now have ppl working at entry level jobs McDonalds who think they should be making $15/hour. Unacceptable!
When did the republicans decide that they should sell America to Russia. They have to be stopped before our govt is no longer a democracy
Wake up, BO's goal was to destroy democracy, thank goodness his term ended in 8 years any longer & might have succeeded #maga
Finally someone who knows what's good for business in that position. Poor Dems, always the victims. Look at union leadership for fraud.
And you lied to become a college professor claiming to be a Native American and you stole a job from a true Native American
Then why is Obamacare going to have them pay taxes on their union benefits. Lies. Say ur for working class but really not
14 follower troll. You are talking nonsense.. Have a Obama care problem call a Republican congressman they destroyed it.
That's exactly what we need in this country. Work hard for a promotion. You shouldn't be able to pay off a union to get a promotion.
Warren Bashes Big Banks During the Week, Fundraises With Them on Weekends #Hypocrite  http://ntknetwork.com/warren-bashes-big-banks-during-the-week-fundraises-with-them-on-weekends/ …
Please keep fighting for the middle class Senator!
Do you own a business?
Smh
Not just them, but the entire GOP since Reagan started deregulation and busted the air traffic controller unions.
Deconstruction of the administrative state in action.
Another uber rich a$$who thinks like trump--stiff the worker and every middle class and poor american
Senator Warren run in 2020.
I hope she gets the nomination..
And harder to increase employment
Good... lazy unions have destroyed jobs Pocahie
Of course.
So glad I live in a right to work state. #Mississippi
Don't forget making the US uncompetitive on the world market
And run companies in the ground and out  of business
So how is that Native American lie working for you now a days? Kind of  iike the lies about Pres Trump.
So...  You disagreed with PBO when he said, "Elections have consequences."?
The only way to improve wages is to vote every democrat in this nation out of office-you whole premise of a party is poverty and dispair
Exactly the opposite of what Democrats stand for. Also, it's spelled despair.
If GOP controls all branches of Fed Govt, 2/3 of states, do they think we'll believe them that they need all remaining opposition removed?
Okay, but did he claim to be Native American?

What's your point? He is president now. Everyone knew he was a business man before he ran. We didn't care. Get over it.
Why won't u take the DNA test pocahontas?
maybe one of your followers could take a shot at him.....#despicableLiz
Perhaps T wants to change focus and name to National Labor Rights Busters?
ABSOLUTELY!
Get your facts straight and stop repeating fake news.
These people are only advertisement for the Democrat Party. They are why I voted for Trump! Will again as long as he tries!
They get paid by the people and by special interest, favors & the DNC
How predictable.
Because trump does not care about the workers. How anyone believes that still is amazing.
You always speak of balance but  your lectures push only one way-your way. The NLRB was stacked by Obama and needs diversity not just hacks
Mrs Warren. You are lying again.  Quit with the false statements.
We need unions ,We set the Standards
You're confused. It's the market that improved wages and working conditions. For the sake of all of us, pick up a history book.
So of course he would appeal to Trump!
What? He was in the private sector. HELLO, DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT IS lightweight academian? Do U HAVE A CLUE as to what the hell is going on?
Keep fighting for us
, You mean FOR HER, to keep makin' millions and acting like she's working for the little peeps! #sheep
I dropped out of my teachers union when they put an alcoholic teacher before students.
Thank you for putting info out.  I appreciate your efforts to keep the public informed on a variety of issues.
Im sure your 18 follower agree with blocked bot
Why are people so stupid and assume followers are indicative anything. People like you probably like others so they you.
Robber-Barons love Union Busting! More $$ in their pockets, as 1% has wealth & rest of us work longer hrs for less pay AND no healthcare
We need these traitors removed, they are killing our country!!! Please we must stop this!!!
WOW! U r #BRAINWASHED
Another Warren LIE.
The beat down goes on.....red state sings the blues
Sounds like a great pick!
@SarahLSmith677 @realDonaldTrump @NLRB This type of nominee is standard asshole pick by Bannon /Trump. Repug Senate will confirm
What have you ever done in the private sector??
I know u flipped real estate for a while ... anything else?
#Fraud
Unions are like condoms giving you a feeling of security while your getting F_____. I guess like Democrats as well!
And u wonder why he picked him because he holds all American workers in contempt as he does health care the environment DOES NOT CARE.
WoW! #BRAINWASHED
Obstruct some more fauxahontas
Women working for U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren were paid just 71 cents for every dollar paid to men during the 2016 fiscal year
Elizabeth Warren Presses Cabinet Picks To Follow Ethics Guidelines; Chooses To Skirt Same Guidelines Hiding $1.3 Million
Unions are for criminals
Hope they get it.
Elizabeth Warren- Stole her Pow Wow Chow Recipe- was 'Stolen' from the New York Times — and were French, not Native American. LMAO
Tell about your latest fundraising event Beth. Tell us!!!!!
Good
Elizabeth Warren shitted a real Native American out of job at Harvard....
troll.. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Please grow up
But of course
Union's are DEM scam! All they do is make products and services cost more! And block the average person from getting a job! Unless you pay!
In the GOP, they call that a "rock star."

https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/887717026063671296 …

#FAKENEWS  @FoxNews
Poll: Most Americans think the Democratic Party stands only for opposing @POTUS. 
Do you ever have anything constructive to say? Damn you're a negative person

LIAR
Every day Trump is there the U.S. is in jeopardy. Please do all u can to get Republicans to move to Impeach the Traitor!Thanks for all u do
I know the definition of moron too, look it up!
Trump has no shame. He is the most despicable president that anyone has ever seen in America.This is an injustice to the people! #DrainSwamp

Gayle, you're a bot.
Madam Bot to you.
Like @realDonaldTrump cares - spent his life fighting/hating unions @AFLCIO @UnionWorkers
More fuel to American workers are dumb and need to be kept poor
What are you going to do about it?
Trump is severely mentally ill and his supporters can be viscous which is why I don't respond to them but I immediately block them
That was only when he was a Democrat, when he became a Republican the mental illness went away. Retards
Trump is a Libertarian pretending to be a different animal. Of course his pick was a union buster. Trump could not be more transparent.
More importantly,  making it harder for corrupt unions to funnel money to fake Indians
So I'll take that as the unions are paying you off. Ever wonder why GM went under?  Why Most of the labor force is in China? Why US labor is
Unions today Drive jobs away. They have become corrupt monsters.
This Idiot in Chief is slowly tearing apart OUR Country, leaving best parts for Billionaires. Mueller Time Anyone?
Thank GOD MURDERER in CHEIF didn't WIN! #HatianOfficalKilledLastWeek going2testify this week, #PETERSmith KILLED b/c investigating33Kemails
Competition drives improved wages/conditions stifling/capped regulation by Feds/Unions is counterintuitive; r no longer in 1920. @SenWarren
Collective bargaining in every case provides better benefits, pay & work conditions. You're repeating your boss telling you not to unionize.
I am entrepreneur. thanks for feedback.  Unions served a purpose membership is on decline. https://www.bls.gov/spotlight/2016/union-membership-in-the-united-states/pdf/union-membership-in-the-united-states.pdf …
Another #GOP effort to institute a #MarchTowardsFeudalism.

"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times..."
They hate the NLRB for being neutral and following laws.  Please keep fighting for it!
It's a shame Dems can never win an argument with facts.Misinformation& hyperbole are all you have. pretty pathetic, no wonder you lose #MAGA
warren should resign imho
Businesses' rights to profit remains tantamount to @NLRB charter. Why would any responsible business person advocate otherwise?
Because of what business owners will try and have done in the past, all for profits. And yes,it would happen again
When employees strike for higher wages, they bite the hand that feeds them. Businesses thrive on capital gains; investing in future ventures
Valid point, but how many died in the triangle shirt factory fire? Alot. There needs to be balance.
Fair wage act compensates for market value of work performed. Advancement in profession is where the higher wage earner focuses talents.
Valid point number 2 but not achievable for some. Or do we make higher education much much more affordable. That goes also for trades too.
Did you also work on Indian affairs?
Teachers cops fire nurses.
No unions.
Journeyman Steamfitter me.
Traveling Craftsman.
Temporary.
So, Union.
Get it, Dickeeed?
or before.
@SenWarren in 2020!

And you've done WHAT for Americans besides financially rape them, Pocahontas wannnabe?
While your asking what she's done for her (US) nation ( btw, its public record)  You should be asking what he's doing for his (Russia).
Keep chewing that big ol' nothing burger cud, Pocahontas Jr.
He n admin Ryan McConnell GOP N REPUBS ARE CORRUPT THEY have 2 go! Treason is not allowed in America!
What has Trump done in the 6 months he has been POTUS that is corrupt? What has he been arrested for
Too bad you helped the dems screw Bernie out of the nomination, the only one who had a shot at beating trump. Hang your head in shame.
Amazing how Conservatives point at Trump using unions exclusively in N.Y. yet ignore the fact that he had to there. Refused anywhere else
Dearly love and respect you Sen. Warren! Can you please help push for his removal NOW! #WeThePeople are in danger as long as he sits in WH.
And I know it's not up to the Senate or House, but the process involves many, but a PUSH would be real nice right about now! tyvm & more pls
 Lying Pocahontas will "screech" her way through the process. What a JOKE SHE IS!
Funny coming from someone who has never ran a business....
Coming from a 121 follower troll who never ran a business
By "union", you mean "economic terrorist organization"
proof....
I'm noticing a pattern of foxes being nominated to lead henhouses... troubling.
So, which conservative appointee would you vote to confirm for at NLRB?
The criminal President Trump is NOT just the Antichrist
He's the Anti everything American!!!
News flash for you Warren. Unions had their day & they're no longer an asset to the working class.Once again you're out of touch w your base
Pocahontas you're not so clean yourself
Y r u calling her Pocahontas?
I wouldn't trust @POTUS #PresidentSnowflake with protecting the integrity of a jar of mayonnaise.
What a cynical, bitter, nasty joke.
Another fox installed in the chicken coop, by the Mad Fox-In-Chief.
