Now is the time he resigns!!!
You mean it's time for her to resign
No, I said him.
And I said it's time for Fauxcahuantus to pack up her wigwam and hit the trail
Ok, but you literally said I misspoke in my tweet.
Now is the time to remind you that jobs, growth, and the rule of law are what made the USA great.
Well then Sen. Get to it...
He has not  & will not benefit from government service as have you. He is bringing a lifetime of expertise to gov. at No Charge.
That's hysterical!!
Thank you for all of your hard work, E Warren! Keep going! We want the truth.
Amen! But he doesn't give a shit about America
Country before party. If that makes me a libtard in your eyes, I'm all in! #TrumpRussa
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp #CIA #Veterans #Law Spotlight: NRA TeaParty Treasonous COWARDS McConnell, Ryan,Trump & Pence Political BS
Really? Based on? Checked your local police dept' response time to a 911 call?
Hey Pocahontas he is giving away his Salary the election cost him millions. Maybe you are the one who needs a reminder. U take a check right
How many homes do you own?  All the signers of the Declaration were wealthy and pledged that wealth and their lives to America
Government Bailouts helped your friend's husband's bank... #waters So come again? #termlimit #posterchild

Just like you did with the OTC hearing aid bill.  #hypocrite
I think you misspelled Clinton Foundation. And its tag isnt @realDonaldTrump , it's @ClintonFdn
Why weren't you saying that when Clinton actually was abusing her position to line her pockets while she was head of the state department
Then what about you ??   Lmao 
With all due respect Senator, you sometimes sound like a gasbag hypocrite. With all due respect.
Thank you for your voice
kind of like you becoming a Native American to milk the system, Pocahontas?
@SeekerofTruth0 @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Senator Warren you must be talking about yourself!
Too late.  It appears to be his goal to enrich himself, his children and his acquaintances from Wall St.
Based on what? He doesn't have enough? Who became extremely wealthy giving speeches?
Hay lizzy the gov is not a play thing u need to repent of ur wicked disgusting ways u dem/mods have dedicated all over this constitution
Right as always. Right on point. It's all about him. Persevere!
Do we need to remind you you're not Native American and you live in a 5 Million Dollar mansion, you are a proven liar and hypocrite loco
@SenWarren its a good time to remind you that our Pres is doing right by USA & though you're not used to it, THIS is how it's supposed to be
yeah, any ideas on getting that done??? We made this plan to have elected officials help out on that, but.....
But we March, call, write, march more...and are still being held hostage by 35% of the country.  #ImpeachTrump #SpecialProsecutor
35%?
Really? Feelings or facts?
@SenMarkey Please, please, DO SOMETHING! NOW! We can't afford to have him do more damage both here and abroad!
What has OBAMA EVER DONE 4 YOU? Name 1 thing that is better 4 you bevause of Obama. Just 1 thing that benefits you directly from Obama. 1
Made me confident that we had a decent, hard-working, empathetic, well-read, intelligent, moral President. That's what. It's a lot.
Yeah, ok. Paid alot of bills with that huh? Now you have all that AND you'll enjoy financial prosperity as well. We are MAGA & that's alot!
Hey #Fauxcohantas I think you put wrong address on this note, please send to @HillaryClinton next chance
Your answer makes no sense.
#PayForPlay most important reason @HillaryClinton and #Foundation wanted to win election n use Gov't to make them richer n do their bidding
Just another example of how you shield the left, straight journalist my ---.
It's odd to me that you would accuse Clinton of such things, but overlook Trump (and his family) apparently doing the same.
Maybe you can explain to me why The Clinton Foundation closed it's doors within 60 days of the election?
Why do i care about the Clinton Foundation, considering she's not president? Why do you, for that matter?
#Pathetic
It's for lying white privilege folks like me who pretend to be a Minority to get a job. After all
Funny didn't bother you getting Richer did it FauxCahauntis
Hillarys just mad because he stole her legos...
its more for the liberal snowflakes to keep whining about losing and causing chaos in an attempt to bring down the outsider president.
And how much have you made on Wall Street?
@DanScavino @MorningsMaria U need dependency class 2tell how 2vote. Another Alinsky Alliance strategist
DT got rich via real estate.  How did u??  R u working or just honing ur skills as an obstructionist??
How much did you make last year?? You're doing something g SHADY to. You are getting a kick back from someone.
This coming from a woman that has gotten wealthy as a politician,has never worked a honest day in your life,or ran a real business.
Could we maybe remind AG Sessions of that as well? He's doing his best to make GEO group richer and of course his shares go up in value.
Impeach him
He is lining his pockets with our taxes!!!! Impeach immediately!!! This can not continue!! This is a disgrace to our democracy!!!
Are you able to provide any PROOF that he has taken 1 penny of your money?  If not, please learn a new word.

That's what it's done for you after you abuse a minority status you didn't have a right to.
You've been serving his long??? Why haven't you done something before last November
So don't follow in your footsteps?
Lizzy, you are insane or jealous of success. What have you done for Americans?
Get rid of him. #SCROTUS #notmypresident
Neither are US citizens subjects of your socialist agenda.
I am not sure that Trump is capable of understanding that. Why is everyone so shocked by Trump's blatant dishonesty and poor judgment?
Do you spend every waking hour trying to knock down the Pres.?  Don't you have a job to do?
Embarrassing White House distractions aren't the issue. The real issue is that we mistakenly awarded ultimate power to greed & racial hate.
You are just a pos!
Dear @realDonaldTrump: 

Thank you for wasting America's time & money for the last 2 years.  You will have forever disgraced our country!
You are so dysfunctional and you can't see it; like the devil, you are obsessed with envy, and addicted to power
But, it is. Look how well it is working for him and his family.
Right on!
Well...where do we start.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Nicely put
You are the one who lives in a fantasy world and have nothing but been a big wind bag.  BTW what about latest industrial
Damn, you're going to shatter his illusions
Our government is not here to make you rich
Thank you
R u jealous ur not rich oh that's right ur a socialist u want universal shit but who do u think pays fir that the working people idiot
Let me remind you @SenWarren you used your supposed minority status to promote a academic career in academia making $400K/yr at Harvard.
I'm more concerned about him being a clear & present danger to our nation. #ignorance #trumprussia #SpecialProsecutor #obstructionofjustice
@SpeakerRyan WAKE UP!
What do u know about national security? U pretended u were an Indian for political votes, u pay women unequally compared to men. Don't speak
Hey Liz Speaking of "richer" how are those million dollar home(s) u own doing?  What time is your lawn care sched? #hypocrite @srkeller1992
You should listen to your own words
Kristy Wade, yeah we finally got President getting business done for our country. Not giving mosque's in middle East 770 million and more
Way to go Elizabeth!!!
Well you are not working what are we paying you for again? Nagging
No it isn't, it's time to REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE FOR TREASON!
Youve got to be kidding.  Now is the time to oust the MF.
....We're going to need the House. We don't have the House.
We will in a couple of days when the indictments go out. Plus this breaking news will flip some
Dreamer!
I don't know how anyone can stand to be around @SenWarren 
Husband must do a lot of fishing.
It's been past time for quite a while. We need to quit saying "now's the time" and DO something.
R u smoking crack?
Unfortunately that's where we're at and every day is another day to line the pockets.
ok so how did u make 15 million dollars last year?Explain???
He was rich already. Obama left the WH with millions he didn't have when he entered. You were saying?
Faking ones heritage is also not a plaything fauxahontas. That's called just pandering brainiac
Didn't you endorse a candidate who got rich selling access?  So perhaps YOU need reminding Mrs. one class for $300000/yr. 
Preach!
DJT IS CLUELESS
you need to remember our govt isn't a plaything for you and the Dems to spend every day fighting and COLLUDING to fight POTUS GO TO WORK
BOOOOOOO
Now is the time to put aside your petty deference  and come together for our country
I'm Really ready for 2018 Election now!We need to take back both House and Senate @SenWarren @maddow @DavidCornDC
Why? It was for Hillary Clinton and now @BarackObama .Time to abolish Congress. Real Democracy now. @SenateDems @SenSanders @GOP @dnc @cbs
Exactly right we saw how that approach worked out for HRC and the Clinton Foundation
Yes! Conversely, he has signed up to work for us
Well LIZ how much have u made sense
u have been in office???
I believe the time for that was a few months ago. Say, late October.
THANK YOU for supporting Congress & Senate term limits. Our elected govt should NEVER gain massive  like Nancy Pelosi $101M Obama etc
That's what you use it for Liz!
sounds like you're talking about Hillary and the whole Democrat Party!
What the heck does that mean O wise woman of politics
Liz, you have gained a vast amount of  way above your Congress wage over the past 4 years humm. Pres Trump is not taking a Pres wage.
Too late! He's been scamming taxpayers since 1/20
SO GLAD SENATOR WARREN SEES DJT CLEARLY LIKE ME! WE SEE THE REAL INTENTIONS OF TRUMP AND HIS TRUE VERY LIMITED ABILITIES TO LEAD AMERICA!
Yes it is, ask him.
it sure made you richer ding bat
America is at the mercy of GOP controlled Congress which is content to let Trump run amok
Look at all the dem Congressmen
Yes, so get him out. Civil war is brewing. We can't allow this to continue.
He doesn't care what we think, it's time for Republicans to get their spines out of storage and USE THEM
Nice words, but what the hell are you doing about it?
Thank you for being the voice of millions
Mrs Warren. That's why all you have more money now then before office.  Play thing? You and Dems promise and never deliver. Bad for America
You need look no further than your own #hillary to address using government position for personal enrichment. #trump gave up his salary!!!!!
Too late for that.
Ur insane
Sen Warren do something don't let this incompetent run lose
#PresidentLooseLips
Your the one making yourself richer. Y not doing anything productive except constant complaining!
But isn't that what it has done for you? If that's the case it makes you a hypocrite!
Coming from the woman that used the Native Americans in a lie to get ahead! #BlowHard #Hypocrite
Are you serious?#HRC #statedept #PaytoPlay -those crimes flew over your head like 747 you're just playing partisanship which won't #MAGA
Start the reminder with actually.. Impeaching him? There haven't been several hundred opportunities (days) to do so already.
How did you get so rich?
Somehow he's been allowed to break norms such as this for 4 very long months. How will it end? #ImpeachTrump #ClassifiedInfo #TrumpRussia
Oh Beth, really. That's what you do,
Good luck with that. #ImpeachNow
You're just spewing blasphemy now. It's old and unsubstantiated.
reirpublicains need to know that 2, their approval rating only proves they are not listening to us!! they are a rogue party!!
Yes, I mean it's not foreclosed homes.  Those are to make money off of.
Pocahontas, desperate for political relevancy...
Problem is NO ONE is holding him accountable. Likely never in his life.
Commey wouldn't pledge loyalty to Trump but we see that many republicans have and they have the majority
Now is the time for Impeachment
Remind the GOP!
Now is the time for u to retire
So do something about it and stop tweeting about it. As they used to say in Brooklyn, throw the bum out!!
PLEASE Elizabeth!...tell us what to do to get rid of him!  He's completely clueless, an embarrassment, and lord only know what else he'll do
But how?  He doesn't seem at all teachable!
Yet, not a dickie bird when bomber Barry and the pant suited hag we're doing it. #zerointergirty
You all accuse Trump of being a bully but democrats are the biggest bullies I've ever witnessed.  You flit from one issue to another!
Americans voted him in and democrats out.  You all are playing a dangerous game constantly hounding looking for trash on him!
except he has GOP congress telling him the exact opposite
So Lizzy where did you get all your wealth while being in government? A senator doesn't earn enough to afford a $10 million dollar mansion!
Oh but it's OK for you to make your millions on foreclosures of the poor?
now is the time to remind you that you have no clue as to what is going on.
Do you know that most of the politicians that are RICH  are Democrats
except that's exactly how he's treating our country. Now i understand. #Trump is the #Right's #BrockTurner
More convincing than a bazooka bubblegum wrapper!
Look in the mirror and say that to yourself.
You never reminded HRC when and the Clinton Foundation were using her position to line their coffers
Um, he just laughs at that idea & he's getting away with it.
Nobody cares down in Trumplandia
Totally agree, but he seems to be winning that argument... Dems need to step up their game for 2018, or it will be more of the same.
Why was Obama never told this??
Ikr! Impeach THEM!
I think you should tell that to the Media 1st . . .
Now?  How about when he had his first press conference with the stack of empty folders.  I think that was time.
Amen
#SethRichCoverUp
Anyone but Hillary
This would be a more effective message if career politicians didn't retire as multi-millionaires.
So why do democrats treat Americans in that way
Stop the rise of America's oligarchs
So true
Now is the time to remind yourself, Elizabeth, that you are a traitor so you should not be accusing anyone of anything.
Good luck with that
This applies to you also Pocahontas
@GOP & @congressdotgov are ALLOWING Trump to use OUR Govt as a plaything & money-making scheme!! Trump Knows it & ABUSES the Power of Prez!!
GO TRUMP!
Dear Liz: you've done pretty well exploiting your position.  Why not share? LOL
Name calling especially ethic name calling makes you a small person. #Trump incites this behavior which is worse
I responded to your tweet lol! Guess your the late one!
