The chairs were moved to the table at which we were told a meeting was to take place. Hope it was a fruitful meeting, @SenWarren.
Thank you, @SenRonJohnson. Dais or not, I hope more will watch the heartbreaking stories of Mnuchin’s victims.
You liberal snowflakes and your chairs, pfft..
snowflakes together eventually create avalanches. NEVER underestimate the power of a snowflake

why are they so petty?
you wouldn't even shake Her hand! Really?!
who cares, really no one does
You embarrass Wisconsin, Ron! Victims, no matter which kind, deserve attention and respect.
wow
sounds like a bunch of two year olds.  Aren't these people their to do the peoples' business?
and you won't shake someones hand. Really.
SOME KIND OF STUPID !!!!! Shades of Comminism, I saw in the DDR !!
you should just bring your own chair 
Maybe he thought that you would need more walking around room for your parade. A problem solver you are not.
so wee you've gone from falsifying you qualifications at Harvard to playing musical chairs? Things are looking up!
Talk about being petty! What a poor example you set.
shameful.
you have just been wonderful in the confirmation hearings...counting on you and many others to expose this awful man #notmypres
Sen Johnson's no-class will fit right in with the incoming administration.
Looks like he's just following the toddler in chief's example, nothing new...
oh the poor senators. Got all confused because their routine was chaned
Really Pocahontas. Room for maybe a Tipi?
should lose his seat - and I mean job!!!  He works for us. Get rid of these bozos.

I am from Wisconsin. There is something strange in the water as of late. Paul Ryan, Rince, Ron J, Scotty Walker.
Glad you work for us an are above that petty behavior.
GOP is Godless and illegitimate. Act accordingly. Got Morals?
-Sen. Johnson- how childish! Really? U Just loss a whole lot of respect from the people.
Sen Warren thanks for your hard work!
Really?
Lizzy downer.  All you do is complain.  Cheer up, you have your milllions, life isn't so bad.
completely unprofessional, partisan
Keep at them Elizabeth.
@ZantiMisft @SenRonJohnson Johnson is an embarrassment.
NOT GETTING UR WAY?
that is an old trick.used by HMOs in the 70s
No surprise considering the source.
petty.
Ron Johnson is a total embarrassment.
We left Wisconsin because of him and Scott Walker.
Warren is lying
Call the WAAAMBULANCE! Fauxahontus didn't get her "regular chair"!! Bring in the coloring books & safety pins!
Senator Warren, I am dismayed at the lack of cooperation (maturity) you run into.
@GetBZLiving @SenRonJohnson how about @SpeakerRyan turning his phone off & not accepting petitions from constituents! Liars! Ugh
these guys are so catty then cry victim, i wonder if they're really 15 yr old mean girls. #highschool #pettywap
how old is he? His mean childish behavior is hard to believe from a supposed adult let alone elected official.
Small man...
there you go @SenWarren  bitching bout you not being able to use your ample white privilege!!!!
that's outrageous and so very wrong! Time to grow up and act like an adult! After all, you are a US Senator!!
I hope your not getting paid
Everything #GOP Congress does the days is fraudulent something sen  Johnson is very familiar with
@GlennF who’s room???
Warren (Pocohantas) is lying. Big surprise.
-usual but not for long -We will VOTE THEM OUT !!
u lied to secure a job u left a minority out  u r the fraud
he say why they move them an it make you look silly sen warren.  a course you good at that anyway.
shame on you!  Disturbing totally asinine!
Maybe it's symbolic that it's time for Senate Democrats to STAND UP. Please, stand up @TheDemocrats @DNC
what a tool.
Childish theatrics with malintent. God have mercy.
but the Senate GOP is all about comity and respecting traditions!
that's really disturbing. WTF!!!
Really horrible.
more whining?
ugh. Who thinks about that crap?
paranoid much?

Sounds like you all are still in high school.  Nothing new.  You liberals, have done MUCH WORSE THINGS ;-)
lame move, Ron!!!!! Go Elizabeth!!
Petty little man. Sad.
@deathbytang RIDICULOUS AND CALCULATING!
@1101110112 @SenRonJohnson What a POS. Is there no limits to how petty and low they will go.
Are you really so petty? Yes you are. Grow up Liz.
@DuckieDD2 @SenRonJohnson These  buffoons do NOT give a shit abt anything or any1..Fact! They Lie 2 UR face w/no shame..Fact!
Good Lord I can't believe how evil these people are.
petty petty petty
I told him he was evil. I asked him to stop being evil. SMH! Still working for Satan; I see. Bring camp chairs.
the petty tone we've come to expect
what an A-hole move
If you can't be elevated above the citizenry, what's the point, right? #smdh #kids in the #sandbox
under the influence of @realDonaldTrump 's poor behavior. #growup pitifully, sad actions by a grown man.
awful
Such childish behavior
Na na -na -na na. What a poopie head huh?
Small and Petty. Typical. As expected.
hes a class act..not
Don't you just hate it when GOP folk act as petty & vindictive as proggies?  You're just getting what you gave.
@onlxn @SenRonJohnson #classy
Very Petty. What are you afaid of, Sen Johnson? The Truth?
it figures another Representative from WI.
we already knew he was a jerk so not surprising
petty nasty man
Shame on @SenRonJohnson Unbelievable!
turn off cameras,  power and then say we are for transparency. GOP the party of cloak and dagger
wow, disgusting!!!!!
the guy agrees you can use the room and you're complaining about chairs. Smh. Gods, not people I guess.
Republicans are showing their corruption,lack of class&ethics!It is sickening! As is their hypocrisy!
crazy. The corruption of Republican leaders is never ending. Selling us out to the highest bidder & Putin
Petty Childish Behavior!
#stopthenightmare
so your butts can't sit "senatorially" but rather LISTEN. Got it.
#sad
Johnson, Priebus, Ryan, Walker... my previously proud Progressive state of Wisconsin now does nothing but embarrass and disappoint me.
. Hey @SenRonJohnson, how petty can you be? You're supposed to be a grown-ass man, not a little kid.
@KurtBusiek @SenRonJohnson just can't believe the party who took president to task over choice of jeans would resort to pettiness
Could be worse...
As petty as it gets.
that is incredibly disrespectful to the people of this country. @SenRonJohnson only cares about people with power & $$$
wah wah wah.
Every time you think you've seen a new GOP low, they go lower. What a dick!
hahahahahaha great
Wow.
As petty as a middle school girl!
What a disgrace!! You have a long battle ahead of you @SenWarren Don't let up on the people who put us last!!
Liz, do you EVER stop bitching? You're rude, condescending to those who are by far your betters, and deserve this
It's nice to know some of our Republican senators are about as mature as a 5 year old. Good to know.
He certainly is a prize winning prick!
Such a tacky move. Incredibly juvenile. True Republican move. Classless
congrats on being petty, @SenRonJohnson, from one of your constituents. *slow clap* Grow. UP.
really how old are you?
the gop are petty, childish  jerks.
petty- the GOP has descended to new lows. Not surprising given the leader of the party.
oh, @SenRonJohnson , we see you putting on display that classic Wisconsin charm that keeps your citizens relocating elsewhere.
unbelievable.
File a lawsuit!
One might think listening to victimized people would be uncomfortable enough. But no, he's got to push it further.
he's petty as well as un-American!
Did you rearrange chairs on the Titanic, too?
petty and stupid move. Serves the people who pay your salary?
this is child level petty in the United States Senate. How sad. Thank you Sen. Warren for dealing with this!
Please chain your tweetstorms, Senator. Thanks.
mmm get em girl

Our lives are now subtitled "Through the Looking Glass"
Disgraceful!
I think they're so mad b/c they know he's a hot mess and it gets harder & harder to defend their votes.
I know middle schoolers with more maturity  #RiggedCabinet #SwampCabinet
Almost as juvenile as 90% of the tweets from DT supporters. He WON - get over yourselves! WTF's with sore winners?
Take away question time, then say Senators are "uncivil" as they rush thru short time. Unacceptable. 2 yrs.
Taken right from the #libtard handbook. #wellplayed
Lost your power chair and favorable lighting? How sad for your grandstanding at our exoense
Almost as juvenile as turning out the lights on Dem Reps during the last time they had control of the govt.
Wow.
are they all children?!?!
Must be trying to impress Trump,ie "Look, Don, I can be almost as petty as you."
geez that kind of childish behavior no wonder gov is a mess. Trump will fit right in with the rest of the bullies
He should have removed your chair
no one said they were trusted! so sad the level of disrespect they stoop too!
Hey Lizzy after reading tour silly Tweets, my question of you, is do they have random Drug tests for Senators? Most businesses do. Answer me
What a coward. The people will remember this in 2018 when we take back the Senate.
-- stay classy @SenateGOP -- don is clearly the model for decorum --
I am sickened by the pettiness of your behavior as a US Senator. Have U NO DECENCY? #Bully #UnfitToLead #DoYourJob @SenWarren
Classic football guy move probably learned from Belichick cc @PardonMyTake
wow, is the #truth that scary? #accountability
OMG take phone video of room and people and their stories. We will not let others silence the American people
Wish this behavior surprised me. I feel for you, @SenWarren, When I get this behavior at work at least mental health issues are an excuse.
Childish games will continue during this childish administration.
That seems awfully petty of @SenRonJohnson! I wonder what his explanation of the situation is.
petty
maybe he thought since you're a fake Indian you liked sitting on the floor
that is petty stuff
Maybe because dais, which is a step higher, is intimidating to victims who will be literally looked down on.
and you have proof of his intent? Without proven intent, you can't indict!
Power & money is all they understand.
I know you know.
Thanks for standing up.
shows how juvenile he is, just like Donny. Grow up Ronny!
Just being petty
If the Press doesn't give this the coverage it deserves, it will confirm my worst suspicions about their sense of duty.
Senator Johnson should resign from the US Senate immediately. Petty. Juvenile. Unamerican Senator Johnson
huge apologies from WI, that should be @russfeingold :(
Ridiculous!
wtf
Too much UNETHICAL behavior going on in Government....its really DISGUSTING
how petty can Repubs & @SenRonJohnson be? #childish from the head down! #pathetic representation of the ppl #shame
Ron Johnson's gonna go down with the ship along with the other GOP sycophants.
Grow up U sociopathic lying CHILD-Can't shake DeVos hand? Insult Dr Price for which you are guilty of? Ur office/pers books will be audited!
I do not understand
Then will say "hope we can work together"! This petty BS nothing personal!
IT'S NOT HIS ROOM!!! THOSE AREN'T HIS CHAIRS!!!
you go. Get these good ol boys out of there. #holdtrumpaccountable. 2 yrs and they will all be gone.
Really Ron? C'mon buddy. What are you afraid of?
