GOP should just let Obamacare fail.
One would think that would be their best move, but no one accused these fascists of being smart.
And shoving Obamacare down our throats with zero GOP votes is not fascist?  Oh please. Obamacare is a disaster. GOP will be on the hook now
They got all the amendments and public hearings they wanted...and then STILL refused to vote for it like a whiny pissbabies that they are.
Nothing got shoved down anyone's throat. TURN off fox ffs.
I don't have cable. Lol. Not GOP vote for Obamacare. Al Frankin illegitimate win, Scott Brown election, & Roberts legislating from the bench
Sorry, I only talk to people who make sense.
You clearly don't know how Obamacare got passed. That's what happens when you believe everything on CNN
U are a zombie. We the people demand you take the #ancentrytest
Have you ever watched a zombie movie?
"Lead zombie"?
Jason Voorhees, 28 Weeks Later, Michael Meyers, Leatherface, the list goes on and on
Not a zombie, no resurrecting "head zombie", not a zombie, also not a zombie.
How bout resident evil movies, so we can meet your pedantry somewhere
If we're going to start pointing out pedantry, I'll briefly mention that you started an argument with a stranger about a .gif
As did you
Lets be clear your doing nothing but complaining
You'd know about zombies. (You failed at trying to be funny though)
Warrens cure for Obummer care,"Heap big Medicine Man will make you better"
Scouring IMDB right now to find the most popular 'lead zombie' of our time...#HealthCare

Kind of like your DNA
If you're going to use an analogy, make sure you use it correctly.
And only winning for TRUMP, not the American people.   Disgraceful.
Well jobs are up, the VA is doing better now, food stamp recipients are down. Yeah he doesn't care about Americans.
Bullshit.... do ur research.
Hey man. She's still not President. And yes America is getting better. Sorry to break it to you.
"Lead Zombie"..... How goddamn old are you?
Senator, please stick to what you know best: nothing. There is no "lead" zombie, only zombies who eat lead.

In which Elizabeth Warren verifies she doesn't know good policy or how zombie films work.
I think that's their strategy -- wear us out. Work us into outrage exhaustion. It's a strategy straight from Dark Lord Bannon.

Competition gives consumers a feel of an alternative and competitors a level playing ground of fairness and equity. #Trumpcare was #DOA.
"Sen. Liz Warren compares new GOP health bill to movie 'zombie'"
They just hate leaving @BarackObama 's accomplishments in.  They will beat on them like nobody's business.
Lead zombie 
And your health care is free so you really don't understand! Work with POTUS please
Let’s be clear: You are not a Native Indian
You should know.  As I recall you played that role.
Love u so much but that's not how zombies work
At least we will know whats in it before its passed. You passed obamacare and we were clueless. You told us how great it is. YOU LIED AGAIN!
The ACA or as you call it Obamacare had a year and a half of hearing and amendments
It ended with polesi saying "we will have to pass it to see whats in it". Because no one had time to read the final bill before the vote.
They had studied it for over a year
#ProtectOurCare
Million dollars says you've never seen a movie with zombies after a 'joke' like that...

I agree with you Senator Elizabeth Warren @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
#WealthCare #GOP lies
I think that the nursing home eagerly awaits you and Pelosi. You can discuss lead zombies there.
stay silent on the charlie ward case Liz...I mean heck, that's our future if we adopt your social health care plans...
Wtf is a "lead zombie"? Get outta here with that b.s. Health care is a right? Give me a break. Take some responsibility of your well being.
You snowflakes only want to see Trump down and ignore the good he has done so far. You don't care about anyone but yourself. Wake up pls.
So what r u doing besides running ur mouth?
Have you ever seen a zombie movie?  There is no "lead" zombie 
The gas station zombie in Land Of The Dead.
I don't disagree with you, but how many horror movies have a "lead zombie"?
Speaking of lying, have you taken the ancestry DNA test yet. If you are Native American I have a great Indian name for you. "Crazy Bitch".
Your arrow of humor missed its target.
Oh yes! She is getting voted out
@SenWarren is #liar like @CNN
Obamacare is a killer REPEAL and Make America Free Again
'

Why doesn't Warren resign resign from her Senate Job , she is nothing but a stupid liberal, and that she is a failure as a senator
B
Please do not grow tired. We need your voice
When you one up with a better plan, let us know.  Until then, support Our President!
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
It's not healthcare, it's self-care to them. They just don't give even a doughnut for others! #doughnuts #Democrats
You are mental!! Retire now!
It shld be called a 'Murder bill' Brand it as a Murder bill.
Was that supposed to be funny, Pocahontas?
Y not give us health care like u crooks get. U r no better than us.
obamacare failed because all you did was lie about it.40 million went without obamacare it was to expensive.Democrats are the zombies
warren eats brains
"IDIOT"!
But now it's just #Repeal no #Replace! They've all been infected by #TRUMP disease. #Quarantine!
kinda like you.... If everyone says your dead (metaphorically speaking ) it's time to lay down.
Ignore his tweets, distractions, address only policy
so it's a good thing. We need reheat healthcare
Answer this Liz, ur Obamacare is failing aka no providers, so what r u doing to help all those who r on it? Obamacare is our horror movie!
But let’s be clear: You knowingly lied about your heritage to benefit your political aspirations.
Run for president...go ahead and try it!
You work for the ppl!  Swallow your pride and step up to the plate and work with the republicans! We demand it! It's your job
It's only a health care bill for those making +250k. It's a bad joke on the
middle class!
Stick to being an Indian liawatha comedy and politics is not your thing
What have you done to improve health care
Your a screaming  manic , all you care about is votes , I really find it hard to believe you are sincere . your comments are inflammatory .
Let's be clear, Obamacare is failing. Single Payer is SOCIALISM so if you want it #getoutofusa
I haven't said it yet, but thank you and all the other blue states that are against this joke of a bill... thank goodness I live in MA
Lier
Was that a thought
Good One!!!!!
Keep fighting!
YOU!! and this disgraceful party are responsible for crushing the middle class with less coverage and triple insurance rate.  YOU OWN THIS!
Stop being an obstructionist. We see what you are about.
But not as much as Hillary. Will she just friggin slink off back into the shadows already?
Lead zombie? Zombies are brain-dead (like your agenda) and have no hierarchy.
When you liberal idiots voted in Obama care, you did it without one republican vote. You would not even let Republicans put in an amendments
Then work with President Trump! Collaborate with him for better healthcare for us! If we die,us zombies will come back to get you! All talk!
Don't get why no one sponors bill to end your perks special medical plan pensions. Show you care. End the perks and be like your employers.
Keep fighting for us! End #TrumpCare #KeepACA
There goes goofy and her goofy lies again ..no solutions , just hate goofy would rather health care die than try to fix it.. typical fascist
Let me be clear. The ACA is Unaffordable Intrusive Crap. Not health insurance!
Way to collaborate and you call yourself a senator YOU ARE JUST A BULLY.  We now have laws in place to charge you against bullying.
Lol...people like you are why this country is so messed up..but it's ok because Trump is going to fix it. #Trump2020
And it has the potential to kill more people...
Indian squaw,  TAXATION IS THEFT.  OBAMATAX was NOTHING but a transfer of wealth form workers to NON workers. TAXATION IS THEFT
Trust me, you and the rest of the "resistance" are the real horror movie being played out.  Can you say squashed in the midterms?
Will you push for single-payer? If no your criticism is baseless.
what movie is that

How about you stop with the finger pointing at the GOP and focus on acrually doing something or were you elected to publicly whine?
Would it kill more than abortions 

Why don't u grow up and put your money where your mouth is Republicans have WON get behind them and do your job
Clueless! Let's pass it to find out what's in it! Lol. Get a GRIP!!!!
Did you really tweet this? Kinda useless tweet if you ask me
@senwarren stop trying to appeal to millennials you're pathetic
She cracks me up sometimes!
#Warren2020 the Defender of the people indeed I trust!
Dems need a fighter #warren2020 strong enough to beat back the dark forces threatening our democracy and Warren is that one!
You are telling dumbest thing
LOL.. Good one Elizabeth!!
Tweet hall of fame!
Zombies are undead, so no coming back to life for them.  Nice try at humor though...
The 3.2 trillion we sent you last year disappeared like the starship Enterprise in a black hole
You are a misguided anti American nut bag
I'm a veteran and I shouldn't have to care. I'm scared about my mom and dad. What can I do
Huh, I thought is more like Jason from Friday the 13th. About the same level of compassion.
Ikpk
I'm nrykbkj

I appreciate your frustration; @realDonaldTrump and @GOP and the greater citizenry of America probably feel this way about Zombies.
Brains brains brains
Yet you support the Affordable Care Act which is a lot of things, but definitely not affordable.  Shut your pie hole.
Elizabeth Warren is savage AF!  

Eat it Donnie
A- for effort, D- for execution. "Lead zombie." Clearly never watched a zombie movie before.
Robert Carlyle in 28 Weeks Later. Jack Huston in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. I think Senator Warren has a point. :-)
Fair, though I'd also point out that zombies do not keep coming back. They reanimate once.
(Also Nicholas Hoult in Warm Bodies and Billy Connolly in Fido.)
Well said senator
Nope. That's your job!!!!!
As well as you Pelosi and Schumer you're like The Walking Dead can we all say term limits
I like you but zombies are literally killed en masse. Ask an intern how to properly word these things next time.
U mean the Trump tax care bill for the wealthy. It's just taking money from health care & giving it back to the wealthy in tax cuts period!
I love you, but that's not how zombies work.
Zombies are like congress: barely alive, shuffling along the path of least resistance, eating brains
While obamacare was DOA. You act like dem policies have not failed miserably the last 8 years. #fake it till you make it #fauxahantas
Now! That I can believe! U R an expert on HORROR MOVIES!
I played rhythm zombie in my college band.
And that's why I've ALWAYS said, "You have to kill the lead zombie! And make sure he's dead!" Why doesn't anybody ever listen to me?
You are a fake corrupt women who cares what you say
You got that right, Madame President.
Well if their is one person familiar with Zombies it's you. You've been dead inside for years
Begin a bill to fix AHA and be at the ready for a change with some new options.
You still really stuck and are irrelevant stop embarrassing yourself and your party resign now!
Last week it was: GOP secretive with health bill, no news of what's in it. This week: GOP going to kill everybody.
Let's be clear: you're spewing bullshit to distract from the truth.
That's because the GOP is the Reality TV Walking Dead
What zombie comes back to life multiple times in a horror film??
@Etrangere66 How about DEMS offer plan to IMPROVE Obamacare? Townhalls, Rallies, TV
Inform folks on Single Payer!
#healthcarebill
If America stepped up and admitted voting irritational it would change the perception other countries have of us.  A united USA is POWER.
#USA put the name of #SyedSalahuddin in the same list of which @narendramodi 's own name was  part of it.
Muaaahh 
I need my elected official to keep my health care i have a blood disease my bills are killing me literary!
LOL!! 7 years to replace and they come up with a tax cut for the 1%!! Dems locked out but lobbyists allowed in!! TERRIBLE!
Yep. #ZombieDeathBill
These people and the generation before them worked 50 years to gut VRA. They never stop trying to screw us. They're relentless.
you know they will be back; Coming soon – “Trumpcare 3.0: Return of the Sociopaths”
“Obamacare isn’t Dying, Truth is”
Obamatax was nothing but a transfer of wealth from workers to NON workers
Alternative facts, Mark. Not true.
Which would be the democrats!!!
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens is the solution! Wake up USA!
Your the zombie lady
Ain't that the truth
@SenWarren I can tell you for certain if McConnellCare is enacted, my spouse WILL die. He has TM.
Let's just hope that the democrats won't keep coming back after we vote them completely out of American politics.
You people are such hypocrites. RyanCare is identical to Obamacare. That's why the bill sucks
While I do appreciate a sense of humor in my politicians, Really, how y'all plan to KILL this DEATH BILL?
#metaphorfail
I'm on board with joe. This has nothing to do with healthcare. It's all about that $
Lookin' in the mirror again. Huh
Please don't bring Bub into politics #dayofthedead
It's an obsession that wont go away but this time might just be the GOP's demise!
Or Stefano DiMera on Days of our Lives.
Maybe you should get recruit Negan, Rick and Daryl to help kill that zombie!
Stop with the lame attempts at humor, you're not good at it. Of course, not sure you're good at anything but obstructing I guess.
Pocahontas is a lying millionaire.
Let's call it was it is, a tax cut, there is no Health CARE in it.
While your at it, why is 45 allowed to threaten the owner of a newspaper with revenge via taxes?
Why don't the democrats purpose single payer
You're thinking of Jason Voorhees. Zombies are disposable, which is what the GOP think of the poor.
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.


Is that because most of the @SenateGOP look old enough to be zombies without makeup?
You need to go and I would love to see the peeps that voted you in to start!!!!!
The "lead zombie"??

#FFS
And more scarier each time! #resist #ResistTrumpcare
