Everything anybody needs to know about Muslims happened on 9/11.
Why do we have a visa process if all you have to do is get here, we will protect you. Why not scrap immigration laws, lets see what happens
I'm confused. Why are we fighting for rights of those who broke the law to get here but those who come lawfully get deported for minor thing
Let's stop talking about his inappropriate behavior and start talking about how to get this 70 year old idiot man/child out of office.
Hahaha..a senator who has no idea what the constitution says or means. Vote her out she is a danger to our democracy and a bit of a loon.
YOU'RE AN ASS. Their religious beliefs do NOT coincide with women, children, gays and our laws. STOP fighting for ISLAM!!
Hands right here in the HomelandAnd maybe will wake up one day when one of these Libtard,Dems,Or Judges has their or their family members
Get the 90day Temp Travel Ban Passed for Our SecurityIf the Left Wing Judges keep the bullshit up,they will have American blood on their
U make this about the partIES. This is about being smart. Ur foul mouth and anger show the bad side of America.
So it's okay to believe in killing ppl? That's not a religion
We want to be Earthling persons!
@uniteamericaorg Liz, you're a crazy old bat...go back to your teepee!
no Muslim ban okay why don't you tell that to the girls family that was just killed because of a Muslim sacrifice in Texas
What the crazy are you talking about?
your most telling moment...sad there was no Muslim Ban
Buying votes
Elizabeth Warren has a couple of sane banking ideas nothing more! She voted for Trump's nominees.
thank you Senator... we need more like you! You are the reason I love this country
So we should just turn our country over the the globalist to destroy, just like Europe?
how could you possibly have supported the last Pres Dem nominee--knowing full well about the Pay to Play scam
it's not a Muslim ban , open your ears and listen .
Not my senator. Total fraud and an embarassment to Massachusetts.
proud of her !

"December 7th, 2015, -- Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States" 
you hate the fabric of this country and what it stands for so you don't get the speak for it
LET# SEN.WARREN SPEAK
Say muslim ban all; you want...WE know it was a travel ban !  PERIOD !!!
WHY is it no one can actually READ the ORDER as it is written. This is why WE voted for Trump, tired of LYING and CORRUPTION
you're just making everything worse
The most evil, phony woman in American history. Warren is a domestic terrorist.
When Obama did the same six times in the eight years of his government. Did you also protest?
Where were you for #NoDAPL protest? You're supposed to be part Native American too?
OMG!!! you CAN protest, as long as it isn't against your own parties evil at least
She did before but it is not popular now. I dont know how you sleep at night.
yes keep fighting bring back American freedom, liberty and justice
anlamıyorumki paşam  birazda türkçe konuşsaydın
here are a few new backers: the constitution, the bill of rights and Karma, Cheers
not a ban so the americans know you are inciting fear and you should be arrest tell us why no lies when obama did a 6 mo ban
@vasquejeff 
#NoislamicRefugees 
#islamisNotaReligion 
#islamIsLies 
#islamisMisogyny 
#islamViolatesHumanRights 
#BANislam
Amazing.
there is no damn "Muslim ban" you crazy propaganda nut!
@vannsmole @SenWarren looks good on her.
you have no voice you are in the minority for real now with no free trip to Harvard
It's not a Muslim ban. Wake up.
Protecting Americans is now unconstitutional? You're delusional, Fauxcahontas. #Maga #TrumpBan
Wrong!
good BC it isn't a #muslimbanyou and he media are making this something its not which In turn makes other countries hate us
HAHA she sounds like the NAZI.
DANG RIGHT Sen.Warren AMEN!
this is OUR country, not HIS...we're gonna get our great country back and no hate/discrimination against anyone!
fantastic elizabeth!!  i'm so glad more elected officials are listening to the masses and standing up to trump!
I thought you had working people back.
obama and carter both banned temporary travel from certain countries.  All primarily Muslim.
Keep FIGHTING! You're on the right side of history
use the 'object' option to stall these swamp cabinet nominees. Dems unite!
you seem to forget all the people who voted for him because he said he would do this and keep us safe
it is NOT a Muslim band you fool, you are confusing it with what Obama did in 2011 !!
Trump
absolutely not.
listen up Pocahontas, it's NOT a Muslim ban
Who let the homeless 
 woman get ahold of a bullhorn?
Ugh....you're  annoying.
please watch what he is doing while creating this media.  I am worried about the decisions he is making while no one is looking
ELIZABETH WARREN SHOULD BE RECALLED BY VOTERS OF YOUR STATE! YOU ARE A BRICK SHORT OF A FULL LOAD, DEAR! YOU FAIL TO TELL TRUTH!
There is NO ban!!
EXACTLY! IT IS VETTING ON A CASE BY CASE BASIS. WARREN IS DELUSIONAL! NEEDS TO BE RETIRED BY THE VOTERS! RECALL!
not directed at Muslims (Pakistan, Indonesia, India etc not on list) & not really a ban. So why are you calling it that?
,why did you vote for session, devos .you let your people down an we arw disappointed in your decision
shame on you ,trying to twist and manipulate the truth. You agenda failed your ship has sunk. TRUMP LOVE KILLS ANARCHY
shame on you ,trying to twist and manipulate the truth. Your ship has sunk , TRUMP LOVE KILLS ANARCHY
You are encouraging riotous behavior at many venues.
ppl protest so congress will act.  You are in congress. Act.
so weird so ridulous 
How on God's green earth did 
She get into gov't.  And@NancyPelosi 2 of the weirdest democratic women
we love you Elizabeth Warren!
regardless of any beliefs you are such a winner! Stop whining!!!!!
Who's "we"?  Majority of Americans stand with PRESIDENT Trump's decision.  Don't like it? go back to your teepee!!
Sen Warren- help us - how do we stop Trump-  our country will be lost soon
@Daya So I guess that means we won't allow Obama's 2011 restrictions on Iraqi immigration either, right?
no
you lost because you've lost voters. Mine being one of them I consider you a ENEMY of American values Shut up& do your job 4 US
Incorrect. Not Muslim ban.  I am for a stronger vetting system for America no matter who and where they are from. #americafirst
It is not a Muslim ban. Please stop promoting this
yea and whose going to be the blame when a terrorist attack actually happens
your mailbox is full. Demand Steve Bannon resigns
Muslim ban NOT
Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah!
..it is not a Muslim ban...just shows u r not up to date w/ info..get to work for the country!!!..that's why u r there.. or out!
if we had a president who had your brains we could change the world. But you're right you are able to do more Where You Are. Go!!
Spew your lies, Americans are on to you. Lying POCAHONTAS!
I didn't see the largest Muslim country, Indonesia on the list - LYING POCAHANTES.
he need to ban you
you expect miracles from a president who doesn't have a cabinet because of your stalling  then you criticize him.Hypocrite.
remember you are suppose to represent the other half that voted Trump. Stop whining and give him a cabinet so he can work.
@Likeabosskhate awe do you need attention. Pitiful!! If it was Muslim ban wouldn't it include nations with most muslims?
Constitution is for citizens of the United States. Fed laws protect LEGAL immigrants. Your fraud law degree is showing
This is not a Muslim ban. Trump is protecting all Americans from extreme Islamic terrorists from entering our country.
grow up hippie.
pay attention you old crazy coot, THERE IS NO BAN ON MUSLIMS! Get your facts straight.
Go Donald J Trump..I support you and your ban...build the wall !!!!  Keep them out, keep us safe...thank God for trump
You are a true inspiration, Senator Warren. We love you and honor you.
Get protected online and #resist http://bit.ly/2iAoMZP  - #1A #cybersecurity #icloak #TheResistanse
Guilty of inciting riots?
ha ha.  It's not a Muslim ban, shouldn't a senator know that?  Keep up your boo hoo bat trap!
You are our pride and joy! Bless you and thank you for your strength of character and belief in what is fair and just!
LUNATIC!
Trump is using shock stories as diversion Don't be fooled
and yet we the people voted ! My #votecounted
I'm a 63 year old democratic woman I'm ashamed of the party I've sent for paperwork to switch to republican your a bunch of fools
how can you represent us when you don't even know how to use a megaphone
not very bright- non citizens don;t have the right to enter the US without lawful process-if we did other non citizens could sue
@BabarJinx eerie cult like brainwashing. Crowd repeating her every word. Like sheep being led to slaughterhouse.
Where were you when obama used bans SIX times during his presidency you lying two faced democrat?  anti-Trump nonsense
When anyone asks I say, IMO almost single-handedly u r "THE SWAMP". Hey, throw me the Drano! PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN!! Step out of way
this is comical. Leading a pack of sheep. The executive order is about protecting Americans, how can an American be against that?
wow charming troll!!!
@cp2austin that's the way! Go Elizabeth! Behind you  fromCanada
Have you proposed legislation?
Thank you!
Thank you.
thank you so much. You have a platform to speak for ALL AMERICANS. I cheer you on every time I hear you speak. You are our voices
haha how do you plan to overturn it pocahontas? It's hilarious seeing how the left is full of zombies who parrot idiots like you.
I have confidence that Trump's SCOTUS pick will be filibustered indefinitely.
you are embarrassing yourself and this country.   Tell your Buddy Soros NO
Grand standing self serving Lizzie warren why don't you go protest at the dapl with your fellow native Americans
IT'S TEMPORARY! Less than 120 days to go!
What a complete jackass this creature is.  Trump won and the majority support this!
Sounds like a bunch of zombies in the background that cannot think or speak for themselves.  What's wrong with you people? LOL!
Hey Sen. Warren how's that tax return issue going for u?? And YOU demanded Trump's all the while CHEATING your own! #CrookedDem
You're a lunatic. Radicals are dangerous to the moderates already living here-and we need to keep them out.
you're correct to oppose the ban. You're lying when you say it's a Muslim ban.
After AmRevo Xtian Clergy of all XtianSects wanted safeguard against AnglicanXtians AGAIN having usurped power over other sects.
This is not a Muslim ban it's to protect America if it means banning them so be it they have no respect for women and you want the here
Do the MA citizens really pay you to stand out there with a bull horn and demonstrate? Don't you work?
where does it say Muslim ban ?
you are a fraud. And you are lying about the ban
fauxahonus not reading things again huh. Typical libs.
@mert__firat helal olsun ablacığım, daşşaklı kadınmışsın.
Great!
Now VOTE NO to all cabinet appointees FROM NOW ON  please 
certifiable socialist liberal idiot!!!
you are an overpaid, hypocritical lair. Seriously you are the problem we the American people want out.
majority Muslim that are not affected by this order.@SenWarren @SenWarren
