Let them stay in your home
when nations turn away refugees, innocent children die.  I thought we learned this during the Holocaust - look @Stl_Manifest
maybe we should have thought about that before we caused them to be refugees.
Brian  is a Russian troll here to spread hate and propaganda! Please block!
sure hope you are looking for a new career after mid term elections 2018.  Your numbers are dropping already in the pre-polls.
lmao...... never!!
You need a taller horse.
and you left. Ask people of Lesvos. Ask them if they can sleep at night without fear. Ask them
hey-here's an idea: take $1 pay for this year. Use the rest to help these children get here legally. Wanna? Huh? Sure ya do? Haha
Muslims should help Muslims. Where are all the good Muslims? None of them lining up to assist their brothers & sisters?
And how many might still be alive if a safe zone had been established instead of a nonstop proxy war you support?
please have these illegals come in Legally the American taxpayers cannot pay for all of this
We can't pay for trump's ignorance, his wall, his disrespect of women and minorities, his xenophobia, and on & on
When you speak, please have a point. It makes it so much more interesting for the listener.
America First!
shame on the parents then. !!!
How is it that we've reached this point? The US is supposed to fight for those who can't fight for themselves.
No, we have a right NOT to be invaded.
liawatha has a unreported million + line of credit with an evil do er bank.....sad
Why don't you LIBERAL Bleeding hearts think about Americans for a change instead of all these other countries..We have needs too
These young children that are coming here will also be the bomb carriers in times to come. They teach the small to kill
No, ma'am. It is the intolerant Americans who make them feel unwelcome who teach them to kill.
Certainly not educated in boating practices, Sacramento, CA, Discovery Park, offers free safety vest if they haven't been stolen.
you're a phony and a fraud.
we have that in america..let's take care of ours first
No, we really don't have entire cities getting bombed with literally no place for the residents to go.
not yet. Keep letting them in, and you will..for sure.
Hmmm... homeless, penniless refugees do carry a shit ton of bomb-equipped airplanes with them, so ok.
no..but if I took care of Thier family..they surely would..as we are the infidels..devils..and must be killed
enough talk. We need to take action! Now! LEAD!
this is absolutely sad-we do not disagree.However, turning the USA into this is just irresponsible & evil. Do you want that here?
send the children back in it! #AmericaNotaHotel
Obama considered ISIS the "JV Team." Dem policies allowed the ME 2 destabilize & become a haven 4 these butchers. U own this.
spoken like a true psychopath and apathetic bystander.
then pony up some of your own money to buy real life jackets

Who is the old lady?
@jones55_jones 
Parents do not put their children.in boats unless the water is safer than the land. Credit @MicheleAsh1961
and you didn't give them money .??? You cold hearted woman .!!!
yeah, we saw a sea of only young men in Europe already so what do you think is gonna happen here.
#ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia. #illegimate  #Traitor
did you see all the ammo and guns sent to the middle east by Obama?  Look again Warren
bleeding heart libs will be sucked in by your nonsense but detail you've edited,this is result of Obama Hillarys foreign policy
Were they armed? Obama illegally aided & armed nations using child soldiers for 8yrs do you know why
america has the homeless who need help, get your priorities straight! an old indian once said," Pocahontas,quit beating a dead "
ignorant
big thanks to all those "pro-life" right wingers
he does not care Mon of them to this is about Christians cracking the morality whip
Solution is a mideast country takes them in. @realDonaldTrump is right create a #safezone in Jordan or Saudi Arabia.
Maybe you can coordinate something with your $$ wealthy friends to help them.
it's horrible. My family lives on a Greek Island and the footage of what happens is horrific.
the pool floated pic broke my heart. The love, and fear, those parents must have had
it is heartbreaking! May have been avoided but The JV team crossed the red line, Obama did nothing. You have guilt feelings maybe
I can not even imagine having to send my child anywhere without me..it breaks my heart
Heart breaking. Stay strong sister.
again not our problem. What about our homeless people
Sounds pro-life, doesn't it?
Can you even imagine.
Thank you for the posts highlighting the human rights violations of refugees. Fight for them, Senator!
why is @SenFeinstein  voting IN Trump's candidates?!?
my heart broke today.
what did ya see when you visited Standing Rock? Oh, wait.....................................................
typical out of context illogical Dem crap what a willfully misleading utopian zealot you go dummy America may finally wake up
then please convince ur republican bros & sis's to #ResistTrump
How is it you resist your president ? Seriously , I am curious.
Thank you, Warren, for fighting the good fight! 2022 is coming!
watching them is better
it's awful. What crap did BLOTUS sign today
that you for your service senator.
You may want to resist Trump less with a Tweet and more with how you vote.
you're wrong
Can't speak for anyone else here but gonna have to be a little more specific when it comes to me.
