When will we be Impeaching president delusional???? #gettoit #ImpeachTrump @realDonaldTrump
In your dreams, remember is not a Clinton in the white house. The name is @realDonaldTrump
Take walk round  new york, drive across US his name is everywhere before its in the white house,pls where do i find your name?
And McDonalds name is everywhere which I'm sure would make a better president because they have  Fries !
Yeah ok keep eating those fries  come on!! No matter what he is our president and Americans are proud! Not the minions like urselves
35% hardly means American's are proud of him. Please enlighten us and tell me something positive he has done?
Jobs! VA! Putting Americans first! Step outside ur box and read not listen to liars! Let me send you a list give me a moment ac went out ahh
Was it a big teepee
You believe in God? But think it's okay to say racist things? God doesn't love racism.
not a racist  many black friends who will tell u i share everything with the, money, house, my freedom my heart and paid for big funeral
I am very opinionated but not a racist. Wow you know nothing of me
No I don't know you. I specifically addressed your specific tweet. Worth noting: ppl who aren't racist don't say racist things.
was trying to make light of craziness in todays world - we have different sense of humor -
If to make light was your true aim then why tweet what you did? God wants us to spread his light through love. Not racist jokes.
I believe your words and actions show you to not only be racist but also a typical snobby snow flake.  Do not care if your offended
800 people will quickly fill a hall to wash @realDonaldTrump feet. Including me for #MAGA
Yea ,u satisfied? I grew up in africa u dont bully me ever.go change ur sex organs but my tax money will not fund it in the military
You mean Alt Left voices only. The rest of us will vote out people like you. When you denouncing Antifa?
800 people who suffered from insomnia until they listened to fauxahontas for an hour
Is that true mr Chuck?
Is what true?
#DenounceAntiFA #DenouncePoliticalViolence @benshapiro @DennisPrager @MarkSteynOnline @marklevinshow @AnnCoulter @Cernovich @PrisonPlanet
what were they being punished for?
Please go away you make me sick
Now this is a crowd!
Look who's talking about numbers now.
Hello
So how many republicans yelled & screamed at you & disrupted you constantly?

ROTFLMAO 

#winning
800 people and you call that a packed house. Did you see Phoenix? Now that's a packed house!
Looks like you may be one of the Democrats that loses their seat. Your party just doesn't get it, do they? Pathetic hypocrites.
We can only hope!
Lol.....Trump pulls in tens of thousands
Hello mrs Tammy
Thank you Pocahontas!

Did you bring them donuts?
Hello mr Dan

U ppl believe media & far left, how many times does President Trump have 2 clearly say he is against racism, bigotry, etc? Look up history
800 people LOL you are a joke you're all excited over 800 people
With Elizabeth Warren speaking you could call a gathering like this a 'Congress of baboons"
"Congress of baboons" sound more like in Nigeria where u have monkeys and baboons masquerading as leaders.
That's all you could get really! Our President can get 800 people just to come early and stand in line!! Good job lady!!
Your constituents are lucky @KenCalvert hasn't had one in years and refuses to have one now! He doesn't have the Balls! @peacock4ca42
But I will change that for the 42nd! Help me take her back for all constituents. #PeacockforCongress
I know you will! And absolutely! You have 4 votes from our household, while passing the word any chance I get
800 people Pocahontas. Come back when you get 20-30,000 @realDonaldTrump
GREAT JOB, SENATOR WARREN. YOU ARE TRULY FOR THE PEOPLE.
#SenLizWarrenPeace - Are you using the Trump exaggeration factor for your crowd estimate?
Empty chairs hahahaha
A pitiful turn out-a measly 800? Can't do better than that? Such a loser.
Lemme guess, you promised free food and health care to attend?
Awesome
800?    Woo hoo time to book a stadium.   Way to go Pocahontas
All 800 that plan to vote for you. Might need to re strategize. Real politicians bring in masses by the 10's of thousands.
Where is the rest of the gang?
Tee pee was full
Would that be considered a pow wow?
Great to see the fire extinguisher ay the ready for when Old Lying Liz's pants burst into flames halfway thru her opening remarks.
Look at the unimpressed real Indian couple,  3rd row from front in the middle aisle. Man in red thinking, "Holy Cow What a fraud."
The guys in blue infront R nurses & by looks of audience, seniors from a Convalescent were forced 2 listen 2 Ur rant. #Pocahantas
Seriously? Just 800?
They were in a contest to see who could keep a straight face the longest . Winner got to have dinner at White House.
They had to show ID to attend...
Why won't Liz support common sense voter ID laws?
@POTUS got way more than that. Why? Because he tells the truth, loves the American people first, is not divisive like the Dems.
You want attention mrs warren make waves type of person lolololol
Oh please go back to #HRC and quit playing at being a progressive

RT @SenWarren: I'm deeply grateful for the 800 people who packed our @UMassD town hall tonight ... http://tmi.me/1fju3l 
I wonder if this is the first time you've been in your state this year, seems you've been everywhere but there lately  #WheresWarren
Clown! 
Nice pow wow squaw woman!
more people when too trump's rally in phoenix but that's none of my business
800 that's it. How funny lady no one likes u
If you pay them they will come
800 huh?  Packed? 

Pocahontas is a loser!
President Trump has 800 people in the bathroom trying to get to hear him speak!!!


800 cat ladies you mean.
Great Pow-Wow
Did they all buy your promotional products?
I bet that was boring listening to you talk . I bet you trashed trump the whole time. Lip service again
I guess you've got the wool pulled over their eyes.
You suck badly.
thank you for all you do God Bless you.
President Trump could get 800 people to watch him nap. Senator Warren is a liberal extremist.
Are you sure that's not 80,000??
Wow, look close, those are people from every local retirement center. You bussed them in like you do you voters. They won't remember this. 
Warren, you call 800 people packed? Maybe you should go to a Trump town hall meeting!
Everyone enjoys a good comedy show.  Especially when it's free.  Of course they showed up.
Did you clear the streets of homeless people and promise them $$$
You suck Pocahontas go home
what did you guys discuss?How racist everyone is or how racist everyone is ? Sad libs have no solutions for our country

Great job my beloved senator! Thank
 (Means I dislike you or your post & Twitter won't give us a "Dislike" button so this will have to do)
LMAO! You Dems are happy with 800 turnout when our great President gets tens of thousands
Pack it in Lizzy, you are in the process of being voted out.
Did you wear your Pocahontas outfit?
Thanks after that speech I will never become a liberal
What a piece of sh&$
How much did George Soros pay those actors to be thereBrought to you by your worst nightmare..#TrumpsArmy

800 screaming un American s sitting squaw
So Victorious Liz!  Woohoo!  I'm sure you were a big hit.   

800 liberals thats all, you popularity starting to suck.
Obvious they like to hear lies
Crazy woman
Was that a tribal council meeting?
Wow!! That's a HUGE crowd for you! Great job.
That's less than 1/23 of the Trump rally.
I am grateful that only 800 were dumb enough to encourage her.
How many conservatives arrested?
0
Huyuh yuh yuh Huyuh yuh yuh
Snooze fest!
Mrs Warren. Only 800?  Great job!!!
How much did you pay them?
Most of them look as clueless as Liz Warren.
Paid for by Soros from a Craigslist add no doubt. #MAGA
Stop lying you dummies can't count to 800. 
800 people that's all you could muster they came to see the circus show you provide
Hmm...800 vs 15000...800....15000
Doesn't look like much of a diverse crowd, guess you're a white supremacist
You draw a crowd of 800 and Trump draws a crowd of 8,000. Do the math lady. How much did you pay them to trend? #borefest
Doh!...
WOW, 800 people, what a record setting crowd.
Trump town halls have to turn away 10x that amount, and nobody gets Soros $ to attend! #MAGA
No problem, we had nothing better to do
Trump draws more people standing on a street corner than this. The Dem Party is crumbling before our eyes. Liz is one of the reasons!
like to thank the thousands and thousands of people who had to listen to Trump outdoors of his Phoenix speech.

Thank you Elizabeth!
Hearing voices in your head again?
Low to take a IQ test of this crowd...
I see a lot of empty seats there, loser!!
800 lol. Soros probably paid 600 of them. I do have to give her credit though, Pocahontas got more people in a gym than crooked Hillary.
But you didn't mention the throngs outside who couldn't get in! Oh there was none. And the facility holds a thousand...hmmmmm
Yes hmmmm were these paid attendees?
You know like the paid thugs the Dems got during the President's early days
Whatever you do when she knocks on your door don't give her any handouts Betty has plenty of 
people will show up if there is free food silly libtard
7 Infrastructure advisers QUIT 
TRUMP'S ACTIONS THREATEN HOMELAND SECURITY
Why are TAX CUTS more important?#Impeach
Congrats LOCOhantas
Look at that you had the freedom to speak. I wish conservative had that freedom!
must be one of those situations where you get out of class if you go????
Warren you are a nut job
Any real native Americans there?
800 people cannot "pack" anything unless it was a small box. Nice attempt at stroking your own fur. Better luck next time
Poca , your to old to run for president , stop trying.
Congratulations you are well liked by many. As to the Neg. tweets so sad no life that they use it up being negative.
That's it?!?
Well, that should do It! 800 ppl? Bwahahahahahahahaha 
#FakeIndian #FakeSenator
Question what kind of voice are they speaking with lately that voice speak of suppression of voices who opposes what the believe why??
800 communists. Our country is in more danger than it has ever been from Islamic terror. They seem to have the same goal. Destroy the U.S..
Shouldn't you be pushing to change the party's name from democrat? Wasn't it your party that started kkk and vote for segregation? Hypocrisy
So you listened to them...Great !An thanks for listenig an retiring...
Next time try a bigger tepee.
How much did each one get paid Pocahontas
Btw have you had a chance to check your DNA yet?  Just asking....
Fauxahantus @POTUS Trump draws almost 24times as large a crowd as you do!  Hope you are proud of yourself for screwing America!
We need better crowd and more feathers, Pocahontas!


Elizabeth Warren for president
Success! Only 500 were paid to be there. #Pochahanas #ThanksChief Just another bitter old woman who will NEVER B President.
Wow, less than Crooked H. Sad!

How many got course credits for showing up?
800...wow...
#pathetic.
They double as protesters at night
You are an embarassment to the Commonwealth.  The fact you are politically tied in with the Clinton's says it all.
Trump draws massive crowds in spite of the risks of being attacked by crazy leftist @SenWarren supporters.
I'm deeply grateful for the 800 people who packed our @UMassD town hall tonight & made their voices heard. Thank you! 
They came for the air-conditioning.
800 people? Adorable. D'aww #lieawatha #fakeIndian
Oh wow! Make UMass great again lol
Get out of class to attend town hall, extra credit added by liberal professors nothing new
Wow
GET ON BOARD WITH TRUMP OR GET OUT OF MY GOVERNMENT!! OBSTRUCTIONIST!!! STOP GIVING AWAY AMERICA FOR YOUR OWN PERSONAL GAIN!!!
Keep fighting the good fight Senator!
Avg age there is 65 . Bernie would squash you .
You're actions are sinister & often times questionable;Your party will continue to lose seats.  We have righteousness onourside, along w/ #s
800? Was this a gathering of extended Native American family, Pocahontas? Or the last of your constituents that can stomach listening 2 you?
Thank you, Senator Warren! We are proud to have you represent us in DC. We need more women!!!!
I hate taking up for Liz warren but,if she votes against or for polices that are in line with the the voters of her state, doing her job
wow...800...that's the line for the bathroom at a @POTUS rally. And those people sure don't look enthused to me, more like bored.......
