I introduced the Freedom from Equifax Exploitation (FREE) Act with @brianschatz. Our bill gives you more control of your data.
Companies like @Equifax make billions selling access to your data without your consent, then charge you if you want to stop them. It's nuts.
The FREE Act lets you freeze – and unfreeze – access to your credit file at no cost. It's like a free Do Not Call list for your credit data.
The idea behind our bill is simple: @Equifax doesn't pay you when they sell your data. You shouldn't have to pay them to stop selling it.
I also reintroduced the Equal Employment for All Act to prevent employers from asking job applicants for their credit histories.
Credit reports are already riddled with errors. The @Equifax hack will make it worse. Inaccurate reports shouldn't hurt your job chances.
Bad credit doesn’t make you a bad employee. Workers should compete on the merits, not on their credit scores.
Nothing like this nitwit grabbing ant headline and knowing nothing a total imbecile
Banks should be responsible, they're not.  No one is held responsible by DC, because you are all owned
Thank you Sen Warren. This method of credit reporting is in need of complete redesign.
Equifax knew their data wasn't secure on March 7, 2017 and they were provided a fix to that issue the same day and failed to install it!!!
Interesting. I hadn't read that. If it was their info they would have been careful. Regardless of sueing, they have done much damage.
I've read it maybe 2 places. It's true. The software company let the info out so they won't be sued.
Sorry, I'm confused. 'Let info out so wouldn't be sued' ??
The software company didn't want to be sued. Equifax  did not patch the flaw. software company sent patch in March to Equifax.
So careless. Callous. How in the world could anyone think this is okay.. I can't wrap my head around this. It's a no brainer. ProtectProtect
The real kicker is that they were aware by July 29th & the hierarchy were out selling their shares and didn't notify the public until Sept!!
$$$$$
No matter the harm to Citizens. Equifax will get their butt kicked? 
This is despicable. It shouldn't come as a surprise to me, but...
They should be held responsible for the theft of their data by not protecting their customers! And sold stock before the public was told!
Im outraged that dems are working with trump.  Rather than dems. Hes gonna blame you all in the end setting stage for 2020
so you want continued conflict and no progress?  All parties should work together
No they should work with republican congress not the president. Since president likes to divide and conquer
Outraged is right!Im now receiving emails&phone calls from the hackers!Something needs 2 b done about hackers.Victim of fedex,yahoo&equifax+
Thank you
This is what needs to be done
Boy you're terrific
Perhaps you can force them to not use SSNs and create their own numbering system as well.  They offload the cost of maintaining it on SSA.
Thank you @SenWarren!
Thank you. You're the only one looking out for the welfare of the public.
fked it! their lousy service still needs SSN? fking system!
Equifax should offer up money to repair trust for their customers. This was a clear case of negligence. Just as bad the @PlayStation breach
how about give us 200 points for every breach.
This is a decent start. But businesses can't be trusted to secure personal data. What about nationalizing credit reporting?
Senator Warren, you should be even more concerned when the IRS and other Agencies compromise our personal information! We can sue Equifax.
Jail time for execs who dumped their stock before hack was revealed. Nothing less
Thanks Sen Warren!
Thank you Sen. Warren. We count on your outstanding service to our country. Wish we had 98 more like you.
This is awesome!  I wish the scoring issue could also be fixed, each one has it's own score and method to set your score.
You are my hero, sister! I am officially an Elizabeth Warren fan. You should run for POTUS in 2020--and pick a woman for VP!
I agree.  And it might help with telemarketing calls!
The CEO's got rich before the announcement. Is the SEC involved?
Cant we just get rid of them in the first place? How was people getting loans before the credit bureaus existed?
When my ID was stolen, @Equifax was the only CRA that REFUSED to clear of the inaccuracies due to the theft! I am still paying for it!
TY @SenWarren. Can you help us get @Equifax, who lost OUR PRIVATE info, to provide ID Theft prevtn for a more realistic amt of time 4-5 yrs?
@clairecmc As one of the 143 mil vics. We need an immediate fix for our new life struggle like life credit protection. We didn't lose it!

Really Elizabeth, more of the same, have you stopped Wells Fargo? No, Have you put one banker in jail? Closed one bank? Complete one task!
@SenWarren you are great at marketing go work for a corporation. Please stop using the United States government as a super corp
@SenWarren I get the feeling you say what people want to hear but you don't do shit about any of these problems.
You're allowing a man who used Dark Net hacking tactics to maintain presidency.. that's weird 
The country is in massive debt in large part due to senators and congressmen prioritizing their Bank accounts not the citizens they rep
Stop writing bills that don't focus on the larger problems at hand.
Give the country access to community college for free. Give us free health-care that is accessible. Medicare/Medi-Cal are awful
Maybe focus on programs and bills to limit debt of your countries citizenship. This is a distraction from real issue. Focus on your job
More outraged that the US govt allows creditors to obtain such vast amounts of data about consumers. These clowns don't understand security
or poetically....
Clawbacks and jail time
For the Equifax crime
Make an example prime
Of this corporate slime
Thank you Senator Warren for again standing up for us against these soulless money grabbers. You are a true representative of the people.
To my knowledge, Equifax will NOT pay to correct a consumer financially hurt by the breach, the consumer has to pay all costs. Bummer
Cunt
No I am outraged that this company has operated as if this very fraud based function of selling PII is normal, use it 2 commit fraud& ur OK
What a bill that will not allow Equifax, etc. the ability to sell my data without my direct consent.  Can you address this as well?
I am INFURIATED!!!! Thank you for doing something Senator Warren!
We need more government control? It never works for us but it pads your$ How about VA medical, fix that piece of government crap.?
Going on vacation I bet
FLAKE! Control? You can't control your mouth or your colon!
Thank you!
What if they just disappeared, as in gone no more breaches tadar, what a lazy bunch Banks are they should do there own credit scoring
your Tweet was quoted by @CNET
@Equifax clear our credit report due to this mix up!
Thank you @SenWarren
Wait u have staff 2 DO ur Manuel demeaning labor. You'd have under pressure of two days of wrong #' S wrong person on hold 4 to be hung up
U were on hold 4 hrs 2 be hung up, more hrs 2 get freeze on credit have their ins & people's ENGLISH TERRIBLE, FARMED OUT OR ILLEGALS
Cancel Equifax's contract with the Social Security Administration  https://www.ssa.gov/hlp/mySSA/df-idverification.html …
Americans around 95% are illiterate - you are on the Top 
Happy for the bill and legislative action. Angry at equifax
This is the first I've heard of this! So angry right now.
Do I need a new SSN?
Can this violation of my private, finanical life and identity be used to creat fraudulent voter registration in other states?
It's all a scam so fraud protection agencies can make money.
Really!!!!
You are anti-big banking and anti American so what you do is or will be detrimental.
Lame, make people who misuse the data pay for the after math
did you actually read the thread?
So I did , defeatist motions of derelict system extracting tax on the heels of block chain , others trying to swat the dinasaur as it dies
....did you miss the part where the law she's proposing makes freezes, which currently cost users money, not cost money?
like i get your larger point but this is still a meaningful helpful step
More interested to know what you're doing about impeaching Trump.
Whine and moan that's all you ever do. #Fauxcahontas You're useless in the real world. #LunaticLeft #democratsarenuts
LifeLock making mucho $$$$ since Equifax breach, but since 2015 deal share all client data/ buy services from Equifax. LifeLock breach??
Senator Warren, how about all credit reports default to froze for everyone, including children to protect their credit until they are of age
We want the ability to lock/unlock our credit on all 3 bureaus with the click of a button via an app. For free, for life, on their dime.
Put freeze on 4 top credit companies, 2 did it free. But had to pay $5 each to other 2. Think Equifax should pay for all not just their.
Notice how Europe approaches. We must focus on data security
Great job @SenatorEWarren !  Good to see action.  Just keep going with or without congress. Make some noise voters will respond.
How about making it free for individuals to obtain their credit reports at any time? It's our info, why should we pay for it?
Thank you, @SenWarren !  I knew it would be you!
Equifax should pay a penalty. This is an outrage.
Make them carry liability insurance, and their insurance carrier will regulate their risk-taking, just as they do to concert promoters.
If they can't afford liability insurance because they fail at security, they deserve to go bankrupt.
No insurer will let Equifax sink them.
Insurers and the free market regulate in ways USG wouldn't dare.
Be prepared to use the Republican reaction to discredit their resistance.
When they reject regulation by free market forces, such as actuaries, their hypocrisy is undeniable and inescapable.
Thank you, Senator Warren!
Wasting our time and money. Pocohantas sell that island for a few beads will you?
Thank u. You are on our side. We need more like u who will battle for us
#ClassAction
What r u going to do? What results shall we see?
Oh good...more useless regulation from a blow hard politician who is clueless about capitalism!
Can we scrap the whole unjust credit score industry, please? Completely illegal in other places in the world, or Continental Europe.
its just ridiculous that this is happening and it shouldn't be that easy to have your identity stolen.
This is good. Better would be making credit reports frozen by default too. At least until SSN is replaced with something more secure
Thank you!
Might want to check out the IT VPs, Dirs. in other govt. bodies and their offshoots too.  See if they have any music majors in key IT roles
Start legislation to do away with Credit "monitors"! People have become their credit scores. Not fair when 80% is inaccurate due to fraud.
More screaming and ranting?
Equifax should not profit from their poor security of our personal data. Charging us to keep it safe because of their blunder is wrong.
Oh no! another government solution.
It's what you should have done not to have allowed it in the first place for the past 10 years.. this is why nobody likes you
Hahahahaha you actually doing something. That is the best joke I've heard all day.
Why wasn't your Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proactive? What about the other government regulators? Once again Government fails
the CFPB doesn't have authority over reporting agencies, they handle consumer disputes with creditors.
Another Government Agency that serves no purpose!
If every member of Congress worked even half as hard as you do on behalf of the American people, just think what we could accomplish!
This is a real nightmare and no is talking about it
Thanks!!!
How about you implement similar legislation against data brokers like Facebook, Google, Acxion, Lexis Nexis etc?
There is an entire marketplace of these companies with absolutely no meaningful oversight or regulation. All they do is agglomerate data.
Correction: agglomerate data and SELL it to numerous companies (fintech, banks, insurers, etc) for myriad reasons. Results: adverse actions
How about we get rid of SSNs because they are totally weak and not a great form of ID or security?
What would your proposal be?
audit the fed! You voted NO! $9 TRILLION given away to thieves and you want to keep it hidden. Shame on you!
Thank you for all you do for us. 
it took me 6yrs to fix my id theft but took equafax 1 hr to brech millions of ppls info looking for a major huge law suite from consumers
Where the heck is your famed CFPB?  Regulation is fine and good but stop talking point regulations and do something useful.  This is on you.
Thank you. You are a caretaker for all U.S. Citizens.
I am 1 of the 143 million affected. I froze my credit. In my State, they are not allowed to charge. Equifax charged me. The other 2 didn't.
Thank you, Senator!
I am a several years memeber of Equifax and my paypal acct was hacked 7/26/2017 twice.
When is gov held responsible for data breeches ?
Hi Elizabeth,nothing will change till we see one of these CEO guys in handcuffs going to jail.Just a few should do it.
Yes. It's not good enough they were dismissed, they should be taken to court.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for this bill. 
Equifax has failed us miserably.
This company or others like it should not exist. Pass Legislation to put them out of business.
I would encourage you not to react to Equifax. Rather, the financial industry instead. Impact to US economic momentum is being skirted. Why?
I shld b able 2 auction off pieces of my data 2 the highest bidder, including 2 no one. Everytime they do something w/ it, ka-ching 2 me.
The more private, the higher the price I set.
Great job!  Equifax should also be forced to reimburse us for costs incurred to freeze at TransUnion and Experian
Create chaos 
Make us hate one another
Keep us divided 
Depress our hopes
Pervert the language
Confuse the young
Lie to a TV camera
Yeah those angry tweets are really helping.
I'm still "outraged" you're still representing Mass. in the U.S. Senate! Jerk!!
Lunatic!
Thank you Senator. The 3 agencies need to be held accountable and should have oversight from some committee on a quarterly basis.

A war dance ,a rain dance ,what dance goes with a breach?
How nice, a bigoted/racist troll/bot.
Don't forget how a bunch of their shareholders sold their shares before Equifax said anything about the breach.
Let me guess Pocahontas... your going to say your equifax
We are outraged that Pocahontas is still in congress. Who could believe you
Thank you Senator Warren. I'm so glad you're there, and fighting for us all.
But you weren't outrage over NSA spying on us?!!!
there is nothing attached to your tweet. So, can we assume you have done nothing about it this week? Status quo
Thanks, but please make it so they must alert us anytime someone runs a credit check. Then we can stop it if it's not us.
Yes please! Banks and credit cards do this! It's not hard!
Keep the fight up! We just refinanced two weeks ago and now I have to worry about my credit for the rest of my life!! It's scary
What are we doing about the fact that SSN# is no longer a secure way to identify 1/3 of the country? New Ids?
So equifax is responsible for chinese thieves getting and using my information and cc for illegal purchases.  Our data should not be sold
How come you're sounding more and more irrelevant, just trying to keep up with the herd these days?
why does the us not care about the oppressed people are being murdered by the Nigerian Gov yet the US keeps silent 
I hope this gets passed. Too many "opt out" letters from banks and such, and much, you can't opt out of, they even tell you this in letters.
Excellent approach, Senator. All these companies using/abusing our personal data for profit w/o permission is economic date rape.
All well & good. But, will those with fore knowledge & sold their stock be prosecuted for insider trading?
Breach happened to @Experian in 2015 as well. Who will stop these corporations completely?
I wonder if we should have replaceable crypto security numbers to replace social security numbers for credit, etc?

1) "Credit freeze" should be the default for our credit--from the time we're born. @SenWarren, there're no data to sell... #Equifax
2) ...with credit freeze. Therefore, consumers should pay to have it unfrozen. But we should NOT to have to pay to have our...   #Equifax
3. ...credit re-frozen. That gives consumers leverage: If credit bureaus, the press, government, banks et al. want easy access... #Equifax
4) to our credit history to sell data, products or investigate us, they'll need to secure our data from criminals. Or we'll... #Equifax
5) keep our credit frozen, so press, law enforcement, gov et al. must get our permission or a court order to see our credit history #Equifax
6) What angers me is that politicians who ignored this easy-fix for years to benefit MSM & themselves (easy access to credit rpts)  #Equifax
7) will portray themselves as heroes. If you're going to play hero, @SenWarren, at least get the fix right--which your plan doesn't #Equifax
@SenWarren were you thus vocal about the data breach by HRC?? Or IT guys working for DWS? Or are credit scores more important than  country
get over yourself martha
You rock, @SenWarren Thank you for having the backbone that seems to be missing from your "other-gendered"colleagues from across the aisle.
Hello Elizabeth, I am a concerned Democrat, Please keep an eye on Trump he is trying to play Pelosi and Schumer #DACADeal #Daca for his wall
Thank you, Senator!!
Finally something I can agree with you about.
WARREN : RADICAL : SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST : UNAMERICAN
Why do y'all worry more for illegals than America citizens
I need a secure personal financial solution to breach & EQUIFAX NEEDS TO BE FORCED OUT OF BUSINESS FOR GOOD! @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
give em hell Senator Warren
How about you fix the ss number issue? One number for every services? We don't even have one password for every website! This is criminal!
Concerned about the breach but MORE concerned that Financial Institutions have had access to our confidential information all along!!
Thank you for your persistence America needs leadership. 
You walk the walk
Where have you been? We are talking about this now
Also outraged by the "process" trying to get a freeze placed. 3 days in and have only succeeded with @TransUnion. @Equifax & @Experian fail
Me too!  All 3 should place freeze on everybody without our having to fight to do it and be charged!
I agree.  Should be an auto freeze on all accounts! FREE FOREVER!
Still not getting any links or anything sent   to me to finish registering for it. Know their swamped but THEY messed up.
What about the security breach in Congress? #awancontra
Are you doing anything about anything
Elizabeth you are always outraged about something, chill out, take a break. We will be just fine without you.
if you arent outraged about this, you are a fool.
Shit happens, what about all the federal govt allowing hackers to get our personal information.
"shit happens" and deflection are no reason to ignore this. I dont play the "yeah but so-and-so did it first" game. We are adults, not kids.
with that logic, we should stop caring about drunk drivers, murderers, serial killers, rapists, terrorists, and thieves. Not gonna happen
Not enough is being done to change the process in the industry across the board.
Need free lifetime credit monitoring from Equifax. My data is out there and essentially all I get from Equifax is 1 yr free and "meh, sorry"
Plus they automatically charge you for continued protection unless you go in and physically end the subscription before the year is up
Thank you for fighting to protect our personal information. This will help us control our own financial security and futures.
And yet, @Experian has 3rd parties asking 4 copies of drivers licenses & bank stmts to be sent via email for biz to accept credit cards
THANK YOU @SenWarren FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK@ YOU ARE FABULOUS, BRILLIANT, TIRELESS!
Thanks to a rare bright light against despair. So if you're a helpful alien, please never tell me. Or yes DO, because that would be AWESOME.
Please do something. My wife and I were impacted the breech. Equifax should be held accountable for its negligence.
Thank you for continuing to work for Americans.
We are in the middle of a refi and can't freeze our accounts until complete. This limbo makes us nervous.
I've been trying to get @Transunion to put a lock on my credit report, but the site still says that it is "Unable to Activate." Refuse call
I have talked to several people whom have had trouble with Transunion.
And what about the equifax sell off of shares prior to breach announcement?
Yep. Illegal. Being investigated, I hear.
US Citizens ARE SCREWED! HACKedon Steriods! STOP IT! FCC is NOT Doing their job-TIME for Firing or start NEW Agency!
Zzzzzz.....zzzzzz......zzzzz.....zzzzz. I'm sure
Lol - fauxcahontis and her rage du jour
HOW ABOUT SUPPORTING AN AMERICA 1ST AGENDA?

Typical reactionary politics
No, people care about islamic terror attacks, NKorea, violent fascists on college campus' terrorizing our children. Go back to sleep
i care about my personal info being stolen. If you dont, you need to educate yourself on how this breach can ruin your life.

What did you do about the russian hacking of the DNC servers that the DNC refuses to surrender to LEO?
@ChiefCovfefe
Equifax spy on any phone and try to get information about credit cards and social security numbers and then screw your credit.
its about time we stand up to credit reporting companies who take information from us without our consent, its unfair
what would employers do to you if you posted their personal info on the fridge in the break room? You would be fired & possibly prosecuted
What about a 3 term limit for congress, almost 70% of the voters support term limits!
We're about to enter WWIII

Because of @realDonaldTrump 
In the meantime he's dividing our Country...is he doing this for Russia and China??
Do you also go after the banks when they get robbed??
if they got robbed because the password to the safe was 'admin', yes she would.
there are laws, rules and regulations about how to store sensitive data and @Equifax violated those rules. This is a MASSIVE breach of trust
And you know this how?
Sounds like you know more than the ago are you the one that stole the information?
Nope! Did you?
