Give PR back to Spain
Why don't you organize a fund drive in Mass. and go down there and help them? That would show who is the better person. ps no paper towels
Her organizing would be like a Chinese fire drill! Maybe she can draft members of her tribe to volunteer....Ha Ha.
Will someone please tell him they are Americans? I swear to god he doesn't think that bc they speak Spanish predominantly
It's obvious you know nothing about PR, because they mostly speak English.
Sure yup awesome
Trump went down to help them.  I am sure you are down there now aren’t you?
Are you serious Pocahontas can't get her white Indian princess mocassins muddy? Nor could she ever do manual labor that is beneath her .
Come on Elizabeth....that is not true and YOU know it.
Yeah??? Blah blah blah and what are u doing to help them???
That is my question also?  But then I remember the libs only know how to rob and lie to people.
Hey Pocahontas!  Didn't see you on the list of visitors and volunteers to PR.  Just another example of your velicose ignorance!!!!!
Please run for president in 2020. America loves you!
Better look at her ranking in the polls.  She has proven herself by her lies to be a big loser, racist, liar, and bigot!!
Hey Pocahontas!  Just wanted to tell you that your continuance to spew lies and contempt is a help to voting you out in 2018.
Can you please tell me something? Can't the Senate & house get ball going to get these people out of the W.H.? Or pz tell me what 2 do
Open your eyes and heart and find out what is actually happening.  The libs have ruined every city, state, and territory they have run.
True.  Please explain to the mainland that we are Hawaii without the benefits of statehood
And who was it that voted down becoming a state?
We need congress. We are the 51st. We are  AMERICANS
Senator Warren. How bad is this? Is there any hope for our Country? How many lies are being told to us? What do we do?
Go to another source other than the "fake news" you have been brainwashed with.
tboy wants to build a wall to keep the Puerto Ricans out
Why is the wall being built on the US/Mexican border far away from PR?  Another example of Dems failure is education lack of geography.
What is wrong with you?
Do you mean besides the obvious of being a lying sociopath?
Fly down and lend a hand Liz
Pocahontas only gives a hand when she can pick your pocket with the other.
Please try to say something.. someday that will actually show u r a human being n your not a whining.. negative mouth that never just SHUTS!
Go away Warren... for the love of God, just GO AWAY
@realDonaldTrump has turned genocidal w/his power. The island is Hispanic & the strong FEMALE Mayor called him out. PR must pay in his mind.
The "strong" female mayor has been shown to be corrupt and not getting involved in the efforts.  Giving supplies to paying bribers only.
It's a Breitbartian dream come true. They've wanted to bankrupt PR for a while.
Better get your facts straight.  The liberal leaders of PR have bankrupted themselves for greed.  They continue to do it now.
They should at least help get the supplies that are there, distributed, don't ya think??  Or did you want the President to do that too.....
Forget about Trump.
He is an enigma
Amen to that.  She's just another lazy, whiney, corrupt democrat.
He should be brought up.on murder charges. His ignorance, incompetence, and disrespect are killing people.
Last I saw of persons responsible for death and destruction would be to Obama, Reid, Brown, and the other liberals misusing funds for greed.
It's normal that democrat leadership in cities and states are failing continuously!! Their greed has reaped monumental damage and pillage.
Why is FBI investigating PR who withhold supplies? 13,000 military troops there millions spent, millions pledged
Mayor can't even get truck drivers to move the supplies off the docks and to where it is needed.
Do something! Help us! Start the ball rolling to get him out of office now! We're with you! Did you see the Women's March?!
Sorry that march was not composed of real women.  Instead it contained a bunch of shrieking hyenas who exhibited traits of amoral values.
And what the he'll have u been doing. Your clearly more worried about blaming the President for no reason instead of helping the hurricane victims. God the 2018 MA senate election can't come fast enough
Truer words were never spoken.
Do you people not have a sense of humor?  Bette you like to make people laugh!  You should know a joke when you hear one!
Always
Blaming BROWN hurricane victims.  Let's not hide the ball here. @realDonaldTrump never behaved this way about Tx & Fla
ZZZZZZZZZZ. Do you have any message or mission other than just being anti-Trump? Based on my twitter feed I'd say not.
Liz, open your eyes.
And more concerned about NFL players exercising their right that he can not take away. #Sad #FakePresident
Well they have been pretty crappy.   They have a third world mentality and have not held local leadership accountable and blame Washington
Get the real facts than retweet !
Lets give all the money Harvey Weinstein donated to Democrats Hilary and Obama and give to Puerto Rico Senator Warren
Total distortion of Trump's message.  Warren is a whack job liberal lying idiot as deceptive as can be !
How much have you given?
Well, those victims are brown so it is their fault.  There is probably a gay person on the island who God is punishing, too.
You really should take a comprehensive course cause obvious you missed the point.
He will stop. It's the weekend. He will go to some golf resort and chat it up with billionaires. What a man! What a human!
Yes Pocahontas. Your such an expert it scares me.
they're taking money away from his Secret Service golf cart rental budget!
#RESIST #TrumpOutNow #Moron #25th #25thThe45th #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #TheResistance
@BetteMidler @realDonaldTrump U N B E L I E V B L E.  But totally not surprised
What is the opposite of a humanitarian?
And you guys will just leave potus to continue on
@ I believe @realDonaldTrump is trying 2 kill the pple of #PuertaRico or make them leave so his cronies can take over the island!

Our team is trying to reach out to the Veteran Military group of 8 led by Jason Maddy, have supplies, need contact  @CarmenYulinCru
Also mocking with racist pronunciation in the East Room


Rep. Velázquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response

Rep. Velázquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response
Then DO something about it! I'm tired of people stating the obvious, but no one is doing anything about it. Meanwhile, people are suffering!
Puerto Rico ran its economy into the ground. I have a great idea; let's reward them for corruption! Typical stupid liberal thinking.
He's our shit bag in chief...a national embarrassment.
WHY are more Dems. NOT SPEAKING UP ABOUT THIS NIGHTMARE?  Why are you all so silent, and not fighting for Puerto Rico?????
Rep. Velázquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response
No one is blaming trump for the hurricane, but we are blaming him for his evil & destructive treatment of PR. He destroys everything good
Mean words from a heart motivated by hate
I haven't seen you over there helping out.  #hypocrite
More worried/distracted by seemingly everything else BUT #PuertoRico.The NFL, his ratings, petty name calling, etc
#UNFIT #NoMoralAuthority
Well then Senator introduce a law requiring assistance right fucking now. Do we have to do your job, too?
Sen.Warren give Al Green a hand at least he trying to get impeach hearings against Trump . Al Green of Texas
Do you really believe the crap that comes out of your own mouth?
More worried about sending pence to Indiana so he can walk out on a football game
Tell Schumer and Pelosi to start negotiating
The man is sick. About  power, money and being a jerk to the masses because he can. He has NO respect or regard for anyone unless rich, White and male, SICK man. TERRIBLE excuse for a leader!
Puerto Rico was in a humanitarian crisis long before the hurricane.  This happened during yours and Obama's watch. Put blame were it belongs
Seems?
Yes deplorable
Liar liar horrible leader warren you got stuck on a telephone wire along w entire dnc & most GOP oouucchh!
He has a heart of stone
Send in your 5thousand dollar donation from that Hollywood guy Warren as clean as the driven snow ! A millionaire gives u 5g ppfff lier lier
Unfortunate. Can Democratic party start a massive relief operation to help the Puerto Ricans.
Figure something out or get out of office. I am sick of the Dems' impotence and fearfulness.
It's more complicated than that. Our representatives should be honest with us.
Republicans are fake patriots and fake Christians.
Why do we have to beg for help? We are Americans! We have protected rights. This child is dying! He’s American. Help him.
You hate what you covet ! Trump verses women Latinas
He must have attacked a Latina maid and had to settle ? Think about it
THIS COUNTRY HELPS ALL THE COUNTRIES IN THE WORLD WHEN THEY HAVE A PROBLEM, BUT NO ONE COMES TO OUR AID WHEN WE HAVE A PROBLEM.? How come?.
Blah blah blah. Must be racism.....or something. You're tired. Use you're money you have plenty of it. Solve a problem don't whine.
You speak with fork tongue
Trump is abusing and essentially terrorizing the people of Puerto Rico. He's terrorizing the world w/unhinged tweets hinting nuclear war.
He is a typical abuser.
They don’t know how to fight their opponent.He has the pen now and have rewritten America The only law now is Trump law.Thanks officials
The blame now shifts to Washington they have watch this man tear at the fibers of America and their still trying politically correct
Do something about it. All you senators are all fucken talk
Blaa blaa blaa

How exactly is he "blaming" them??
Join us tomorrow in #WomenBoycottTwitter for 24 hours to protest the suspension of women who speak out!
I've lived in Puerto Rico Liz. Poor infrastructure. Will take time to rebuild correctly. Just stop your Trump bashing.
If I could save PR myself I would. I can't. That's why ppl like me voted for ppl like you @SenWarren -- to represent US. Save PR please.
There's more than enough blame to go around. Don't single out Trump and think you're finished. Ma'am. Ppl in PR are dying. 

Fix this. Now.
I do not blame only Trump on this. I blame you @SenWarren and every Congress person. And I blame we voters for not choosing competent ppl.
We need to help all our territories in times of need regardless of the price. What's happening now is unamerican. We leave no one behind.
Pls correct me Ms. Warren if I am wrong. PR don't pay federal taxes.TX/FL residents do. We're not helping them cuz there's no profit in it.
Why isn't this fool impeached yet?
..... and the Senator seems more worried about blaming Trump than helping him help the victims!
We need General Honore in PR.
Please retire @SenWarren !
Don't forget his attacks on the media!
Don't forget all of the people who died or lost everything in the CA fire storm.
@JorgeGelpi @realDonaldTrump I AGREE, What can we expect from a RACIST MORON
Puerto rican`s fought and will fight for this Country.65th Infantry "A Regiment Of Heroes The Borinqueneers" English.
Mr Blame n Shame himself.
Trump is world's only living heart donor....
No one is buying the @DNC party line BS anymore. You folks need to come up with a new approach. @DNC is the boy who cried wolf. racist wolf
Well from what I heard on NPR the mayors and staff are hoarding the supplies so FEMA had to take over distribution
Why aren't you there?
PR has no vote or representation in govt. Most Americans only know they're citizens b/c of disaster coverage. The probs in that= WHY?!?!
@SenWarren  Just another do nothing gov't worker politicizing a  disaster. Go to PR & do something to help out IF u truly are this worried.
You must not see what is in front of your face. Why don't you fly down or boat over & see for yourself @SenWarren
#25thAmendmentNow Senator
We are.not treating PR with the same urgency than any of our states on the mainland. They are U.S. citizens and our own people.
Doesn't Congress control the purse strings?
The fact is that moron trump does not like the color of PR skin. Does not matter if they Americans, trump would rather have them killed. Trump is a racist period.
Seems?
FLINT STILL HAS NO WATER.
Just the brown ones.
Hurricane victims of a certain skin tone and ethnicity, you mean.
#tRumpisaWhiteSupremacist
Because they are brown and did not vote for him
He’s a big smelly rather than the leader of the US. I’m so embarrassed 

Why isn't President Trump helping the hurricane victims in Puerto Rico?  People are desperate and dying!!
Cuz the potus is a piece of crap..#PuertoRicoStrong 
yeh! We saw the drone. Roads are washed outs. Hush and quits cha bitching lady
Did you know that the stores are gauging there Puerto Rican people. That some government official are stealing supplies for the people.
PR is what happens when radical corrupt leftists run the show for too long. Much like Detroit and Chicago. https://www.google.com/nypost.com/2017/09/30/inept-puerto-rican-government-riddled-with-corruption-ceo/amp/ …
Easy Pocohontus. That is an absolutely ridiculous statement
Ellen DeGeneres donated 500,000. how much did you donate? You say the same thing day after day. I apologize to you if you did donate money
You are in Congress, right?!? Do something! Talk on Twitter is irritating. Feel free to post what you are doing other than lip service. Me, I have donated what I can and will continue until Congress acts!!
You're a piece of work
I'm sorry it was Jennifer Aniston who donated all the money. But the question still stands, what have you done personally
He doesn’t seem that way; he is that way.
Why does he use money as a weapon on people who are barely surviving. He is beyond evil. Hopeless reprobate. Must be taken down. ASAP!
#25thAmendment
I like to think he is trying to obsolve himself from guilt, but he has no soul. He can't have one and act like this.
Say it with me Donald Trump blames the victims because he is a white supremist.
#impeachDonaldtrump
Trump turns a climate disaster into a humanitarian crisis. Much more could have been done, much sooner. More could be done now.
You going to take the DNA test to prove you’re an injun???
You are such a liar
Isn't blaming the victim the m.o. of a predator?
"Seems"?
And golfing
Are we not one of the richest countries in the world.  Well 4.9 million or so is not going to go very far.

I agree @SenWarren, how can you help us?
That was the tone set by @FEMA_Brock from the start.
Just curious, how much have you and sanders donated?
He wants to decimate the system to buy up all @ fire sale prices 4 profit. Frightening. Ppl w/ capacity 4 altruism like @richardbranson & @elonmusk  are only ppl who can rehab towns & all profit.

What can we do, Senator?
FEMA meal

Rep. Velázquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response

As Congress does nothing .......
RT #AirDropsinPuertoRico 
check hashtag let's get this trending now!
His brain seems to be dissolving. Words are not coming into his mind. He's confused at sundown, and ranting at midnight. Dementia is extant.
#25thAmendment
Yes Senator Warren you are right! Can someone tell the guy in the Oval empty Office it's American territory & American citizens! Duh! Hello!
Stop lying
FEMA can’t stay in Puerto Rico forever? They’re in New York & New Jersey nearly 12yrs after Sandy, and in New Orleans 12 yrs. after Katrina.
yeah..they're not white
#corruption #25amendmentnow
13 y/old kids are finding ways2make a difference  yet @realDonaldTrump is incompetent& rude #nextgeneration
The news just said the Feds are looking into what happened due to the decisions the elected servants made during the crisis
You lie! Pocahontas
#sayanything
#fakenews is your mantra. FEMA is there with 11000 troops. Congress just appropriated a bizillion dollars to all hurricanes and fires.#stop
Rep. Velázquez grills Carson on 'shameful' Puerto Rico response
The real story Senator is the Republicans are cutting benefits to Veterans.  Look into that,
How ignorant can you be? If Trump breathes, he is wrong. You are part of the problem, not the solution. GROW UP
ohh no. i think trump is not presidential. but i do love my great nation nomatter who thinks there in charge..some things just come outwrong
I can not believe America would ever have a President who behaves this way or says the things that he does.  Our Found Fathers must be turning over in their graves
He can't relate.
Trump cares about no one...remove him from office.
DO SOMETHING
Racist $45 owes millions to Puerto Rico. No morals or ethics. #impeach@POTUS    No empathy. Inhuman. Evil.
