liars gonna lie, especially when they work for the Pathological Liar-In-Chief.  Sessions needs to go.  Trump needs to go.
No you libitards and Doucheocrats need to go
aww.. poor little troll is triggered.  Sorry snowflake.
All libtards need to go.
Triggered, John?
Oh bless your little heart. Adopting a couple of phrases reserved for libtards and turning them around. Damn, you libs are very clever.
Aww, poor little John.  Sad, lonely Johnny... Silently wanking away to his Trump photo, mouthing the words "fake news" to try to get hard.
What happened when you got caught lying about being an Indian?
What happened when you got caught lying about being a Christian?
I was going to say the same thing! Pure gold. 

Then why did he participate in firing Comey? He unrecused himself and didn't tell the public. That is a good reason to send him packing.
you are the witch of all witch hunts - you should resign
I can't believe all the Yellow snowflakes thinking Chump is a victim. They don't seem to know him at all.
Sessions is a pro-KKK supporter, and I would personally love to see him gone for good, along with Trump obviously! #LockHimUp
Lies
He lied about that too
U need 2b voted out. U lied & cheated taxpayers abt yr fake indian heritage 2b qualified 4affirmative action. U R dishonest person, period
so glad we have you.  Keep up the fight!
In Trump's world, truly recusing one's self would have to mean a no-contact order with DJT.
Wheres tou legal proof? Oh you have none, hmm nit surprising demo
We welcome this investigation as it may be the only way the Clinton's and Obama are exposed. Carful what you wish for Dems...
So it seems @SenWarren Fauxcahontas lives in an alternate reality called bizzaro world. #DrainTheSwamp of the REAL liars Ds & Rs. #MAGA
Kind of the same aspect of you being an American indian hey?
I thank you Elizabeth you must be family to
If it were not for you

America is in extreme danger. Trump is nuts.
Is he?  seems it has been proven to be the snowflake that have lost  their nuts & fallen off the deep end
Seriously WHEN is enough enough? Where is the bottom?
Elizabeth Warren ! Resign ! You lost my vote!
She must be devestated.
Thank you Sandy !! You take care of Germany myob !
It's my business since I'm a US citizen living here because my husband is serving his country. I'm sure you are doing you part as well.
Thank your husband.  I have sent my sons and daughters to protect our country. My dad served 35 years in USAF... First Amendment!
Thanks, will do. He's is 30 year navy man, my son joined the army so we are def a military family.
This is an excuse for you not doing your real job.  And that is looking  out for Mass. Constituents.
What about your lies about being Native American? I demand proof! I'll show you my proof!!
Well he obviously lied. If we lied as much as these assholes we would be jailed or fired, etc and yet they are still there.
He got caught lying under oath - HOW IS HE STILL THE US AG?!???
She is such a moron!!
Talk about lies, what indian tribe are u with.???
You are a liar for SURE! You are NOT NATIVE American but used that to take advantage of that to secure a job! THAT'S FRAUD!!!
But didn't. Typical Klan answer
What are YOU DOING ABOUT THIS?
Enough with the hot air already! Do you actually do anything in regards to helping people?
This is like High School Musical- We're all in this together- what a den....
And what about your lies. Shouldn't you resign?
False narrative
#lyingtrump -- @senwarren Why do we think we can trust or believe anything anyone in this Administration says or does?
Agree with you Senator...Sessions is not a good person. He is a racist who wants the South to Rise Again!
When are you going to call for an investigation into how classified information was given to the Washington Post?
well at least he didn't lie about being a native american to get privilege.
More dishonest news
Ok Pocahontas
That's completely false. 
What was the nature of his contacts with Russia? Oh that's right it was in the scope of his work as a SENATOR not that you'd know
@realDonaldTrump is our leader! We love our Grand Leader! @SenWarren is the enemy!
He lied UNDER OATH so why would he tell the truth w/o an oath? #AllLIARS #FIREsessions #FIREsessions #FIREsessions #FIREsessions #AllLIARS
We aren't at war with Russia, an ally. Trump is awful, but you're ramping up Cold War.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting the good fight! You have kept the light of hope alive in us through these dark times in America.
Sessions should resign or face the music with a private prison atmosphere #SessionsMustGo
Don't count on it.
He is a liar like Pence, Flynn, and Trump!!!!
After getting caught lying about having Native American heritage, Warren said she was told that her high families cheekbones were the reason
Sessions is a real piece of work. We need to replace him. He has gone power crazy!!!!
And you BELIEVED him? Was it because he is so honorable?
Who killed Seth Rich?
He probably committed suicide after meeting Lizzie.  I know I would
Hillary/Russian Uranium Deal, Bill's Double Speaking Fees/Russia, Podesta Biz Partner/Russians... Put these CRIMINALS in JAIL....
Doesn't look like he did! So uncomfortable with Sessions with his voting record!
More roof that talk is cheap.
*proof. Sorry, Republican keyboard...doesn't work.
He has to go. Fire Sessions..put Beaureguard behind bars.
That statement is as twisted as your ethics.
i am utterly amazed at the sheer ignorance of the people who voted for Trump.  l.  stupidity, reality , intelligence completely absent.  wow
And will he be held accountable for that? Didn't you mention accountability yesterday? You can all do and say what u want, no ramifications.
And so what?
After getting caught lying Sessions LIED AGAIN when h
e said he’d recuse himself from #RussiaGate. #FollowTheRubles @4HollyF
Yeah; I think he "forgot" that as well.
Shut up and go home you sell out.
That is Attorney General to you Lizzie
I think he meant "with few exceptions."
But he didn't
Someone got caught lying?!?  Who could that be?  Talk about truth-deaf!  Senator, just resign, you're an absolute disgrace 
Why didn't Trump want him to recuse himself?  #inner
He wasn't caught lying. Funny shit coming from a liar about Native American heritage. He was asked about contact as a Trump surrogate.
Ron Howard voice:  he didn't.
Now that there is a Special Investigator ( which Dems ask for ) wonder how wide a scope he will have. Sometimes you get what u ask for.
rich boys and their toys. #maybe some one should have the BALLS to just say NO! NOT NOW, NOT EVER DAMN IT!
Just something other for Sessions to lie about
We sure you would retire to your Native Americans ppl.  Oh that's right, they don't want you either
Fake news that the Libertards love to embrace
Are you still Indian ???
After getting caught meeting Bill Clinton on a tarmac, Loretta Lynch didn't recuse herself from the email investigation. What say you?
Will Trump recuse himself?
#crazywarren
yu were caught lying about Cherokee blood to steal $ for Harvard education. Will yu recuse yourself from ANY ethical discussions?
Sessions is a flat-out liar & a racist-that's why he fits in so well with Trump
#WithFewExceptions
She wants to help big corporations reduce fair competition
They want the DOL rule, she supports DOL rule.  Nothing but a big corporation give away!
Takes money from and supports huge Wall Street firms
Very noble of him.  #immoral  #tyranny
Liz Warren is a Wall Street mouth piece
He didn't lie, he answered the direct question honestly.  Liz Warren is refusing to acknowledge the truth.
Who killed Seth Rich, Senator?
Please u and chuck s  need to go into the woods and play birds and bees
Have you ever met with any Russians? Tell the truth now Pochahantas...
Trump was right on voter fraud it was done by Repb purging minority voters from voter rolls
What about your lying about being an Indian? You are the most 2 faced human being on the face of the earrh
And Ms Warren, if you listen to the question carefully as was asked by Sen. Franken, Sessions answered the question properly.
Sessions did recuse himself from Russian investigation but he didn't resign so still responsible for everything else..including Comey firing
You are an evil person and you know it
So what else is new. They are all liars and have no credibility. They need to shut up and let the investigations continue with out comments.
If Sessions is recused, why was he involved in firing Director Comey? Keep after them Senator Warren!
I believed early in this investigation that @jeffsessions was not clean & was involved in the collusion with Russia. That hasn't changed!
Seems to be a pattern of behavior with everyone in his cabinet!
Just another liar lying.
Although, not entirely
Ok lying Pocahontas
Why are you speaking about this fauxahontas?  Mullins is a special prosecutor and sessions has nothing to do with it. Are you not happy SP
Yea, about that, he lied, again!
Another liar. Must be a contagion going around only Sessions recused, excused, recused. Good job Jeff and he got away with it.
But didn't!!
You calling someone out on lying is savage. You know considering...
#seriously #LiberalLogic #zeroshame
Facts not fiction!!! Please tell the truth!!! There was no lying
Lying? You accuse another of lying? You have no ground to stand on since you are a LYING HYPOCRITE! Step down like Rep did!
He needs to burn with the rest of them. He's as neck deep in the cover up as the rest.
Lying... high cheek bones????
Exactly what do you do in washington? you are the most vile radical extremist. You and sanders make up a completely worthless duo
Sessions as Attorney General sets us back 60 years in the south. Now he wants to establish stronger sentances for convicted felons.  too bad
Sessions is the king of Liars. #trump is the emperor of Lie kingdom
And apparently lied -again
Senator, please keep up the fight! We love you but we will love you even more if you run for pres. next time!
So that's the normal procedure after you lie to congress?
Is he hiding in a hedge?
After lying about being a Native American....#pot calling the kettle black
Sessions has a narrow view of Trump/Russia. He is still knee deep in related investigations. S/b recused from anything campaign related.
You ought to know about getting caught Lying
What about Manafort? Rachel Maddow can't get an answer from DOJ if Sessions recused on him & Manafort has not registered as a foreign agent.
Pants on fire
Sessions' not-so-courageous behavior seems to typify what we are seeing throughout the Administration. Sad days for America
After lying about your native history, you're a Senator.
What happened to you when you lied about your Native American ancestory?
I hope you run! I can't wait to see you debate DJT. You will epically fail. I'm embarrassed for you and all of your posts. #MAGA
Why does Sessions still have a clearance & a job after lying on his SF-86?  Why does Kushner, who lied not only about Russians but $1B debt?
He's a lying little elf.
He didn't mean it when he did it. He knew he would find a sneaky way to slither back in middle of it.
@realDonaldTrump lies all the time, what's the big deal?? It's not like the American people want honesty and transparency. #TwilightZone
Can not trust any of them.
Please explain how Sessions the bigot still has a job. Oh yes. Bigotry endorsed by Trump.
FB lier

What happened to Hillary for lying in obstruction of justice not a damn thing
Maybe he doesn't know the definition of "recused"
I think he thought that meant something else.
Ah - yes - but HAS Sessions bothered to actually do that?
But didnt, did he? He sure got involved with colluding to fire Comey.
Yeah. I wonder if we're really that dumb. Should we have believed him or was he counting on it not mattering? https://thehitjob.com/the-trump-white-house-the-gang-that-couldnt-keep-their-stories-straight-5e602391c28c …
#drainingtheswamp #TrumpRussia #impeachTrumpnow #LiarInChief #TreasonousTrump #AssholeInChief
Beth, when you accuse people of lying all the time it always turns out that they are the biggest liars
Perhaps we misheard him and he said he intended to amuse himself with the Trump-Russia investigation.
The bots are swarming.  Go home, Russians.
GO EW !
Maybe he is adopting @TheDemocrats tactic...lying!
There are exceptions.  Just like in 45's taxes.  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
He met with a Russian ambassador you mentally ill fem.
He should have had to resign.
Sessions is in deeper than that
You're not up against President Donald Trump, you are up against God. He will determine everything. Sorry, you lose!
So you're suggesting God is supporting a pack of liars, thieves and cheats. Wow. You must be an atheist or maybe a devil worshipper.
He said a lot of things, but they voted for him anyway even after the Coretta Scott King letter!
He also lied about recusing himself from the investigations.
I am a native Alabamian...get used to his lies...we did....
He should of resigned immediately!
Another lie 
Dear God when is your time up?
Said and did are two different things. Just another lying trump appointee.
Okay Ms. Paragon of Virtue
She should recuse herself from politics after so much lying.
