you know the military does not like democrats.Democrats take away from the military.Republicans give back. is it ok for muslims to rape boys
What about in Germany? Will you talk about that? Oh that's right, doesn't fit your narrative
Can I forward your mail there? Native Liz? Do Americans a favor, and stay over there! I'll send your feathers to you. Dip sh**
What has Warren accomplished since taking office??

I'll be right over here waiting.
Out of interest,  as she has been a minority senate member.  What has the #GOP done in the last 6 years as the majority?
Considering that's where the legislative power is, and trump says the country is a disaster...
Please do praying for you & yr family
Now that Donald Trump Jr. has released his emails, maybe you should focus on finding Hillary's 33,000 missing emails.
Don't forget to fill your quiver. It's brutal out there.
Mrs Warren. Stand down. Let the big boys and girls handle that. Your thoughts will be wrong. Do something constructive like go home.
How about Senators Warren and Franken run in the next presidential elections!
Haha!! That'd be a hoot. 
Ohhh please do.....i need a good laugh!
for the sake of the Dem Party, future of USA, please RETIRE. U will NEVER b POTUS, just go home, enjoy your family. Leave our families ALONE
Takin too many trips into your teepee, eh???
Great reply! What her or Obama ever do to help our troops. Guess she wants to run fr President
Thank you for doing so much for us!!
What she do?
I'm sure you'll double down on trying to get as many of them over here as possible.
Do you believe, @SenWarren the trillions of $$$ spent on Afghanistan have made the USA safer?
Please just go home Lizzy, or support our POTUS Please and thank you
Really ! Support the POTUS the way she supported Obama, Iran deal? They r nuts
I only come up with one thing when I hear your name!! #TermLimits
They might need to re-seat you three, otherwise that plane might lean far left.
Well, how helpful! Get back w us when ya get done thinking akin to BO taking 9mos to ANALYZE THE SURGE real screwed FORMULATIVE THINKING hon
look at the lovebirds
You pushing to get shiria law enforcement legal... AGAIN..?
#fakeindian
Let's see a picture of you dressed as a Taliban housewife! Let's see you rallying women for their rights! No we won't see that you hypocrite
Squaw, go back to the res, you are too crazy to running lose
A C-17 nice!

I love the work you do, your bravery, and your service...bipartisan trip-- wish all of Washington could follow you and Sen. McCain.
Awe hell that committee is screwed w u on it Warren
We jave been there 15 years.. time to leave
Well if they had fought the war the way we use to we would b out!! Obama 8 yrs no support for our soldiers
Jeff Diehl for senate
Does Jeff have a twitter feed?
I can't find one
We was hoping you would stay!!
@SenWarren i hope to see you talk in depth on what you saw.  The world needs leadership.  Afghanistan is an open sore we need to address
I feel safer already! 
Good and think about what liberal values have done to destroy America. Obama tues our soldiers hands. And Iran deal????
Protecting opium fields so we can have cheep heroine. Thanks Elisabeth. Good use of military.
Try to be constructive.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU!!!! Ur my hero!!!!
Nice! What's your take on McCain? Is he loosing his marbles because we need him to be the dog on the Russia bone.
Revelations! How wonderful !
So what does that have to do with your own state @SenWarren  just saying the drugs and homelessness has risen here. WHAT ARE YOU DOING????
Maybe we could start working together for all America.  Democrats should have input on a healthcare bill.  Its time
Save ur breath. What ever u come up with will be wrong for the US
Sitting phony. Must be close to election time ?
WATCH: Funniest you'll see today... CNN forcing an apology out of the Reddit Gif Maker. #CNNBlackmail 
h/t @theblaze
Why not enlist?
More giveaways? ??
Like having the military play hopscotch?
Did anyone call you Pocahontas?
Until you believe in all people, you remain useless.  While you think people are inept and need so much govt assist, you remain irrelevant.
These are truly Deplorable's
Can't believe how active you are!  Keep of the good work!
You should have. Even thinking about it for the last 8 years as yours and Obama's VA failed Vets when they returned. Shame.
Did you talk about this?  Have a great life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iGsSYEB0bA&sns=tw … via @youtube
YOU are on the Senate Armed Services committee? You are kidding ,aren't you
Your the only fighter. Keep on .
Is any of it left? Thank God our military is using every extreme measure on the poorest people on the planet. I feel a lot safer.
What, keeping the war alive, for who knows what reason, probably get paid for it some how
Haha then why the hell are they sitting sidewall lol
Did they have a high speed rail system from Springfield to Boston? Then I don't give a shit.
Shit Lizzy you haven't done any work on that committee in years! Your just a lying hypocrite!!
Nobody likes you
Elizabeth.... when will this all stop? @TrumpBopBag  Stop The Madness
Good for You !!
You blockhead, why don't you work for the American people?
All you do is whine and get all emotional and that's post menopausal!
When are we the people going to get the same healthcare as you Senator?
You're senile. It'll be forgotten before you land.
Tell me, do you get paid for every tweet comrade?
#RussianTroll
Tell us how your part Indian again  haha
Dont worry too much you wont make it past next primary
Taxpayer funded vacation?
Do the people you're meeting in Afghanistan know that you are a known liar?
What kind of plane is that?
It must be a tribal thing.
Provided there still IS a Senate Armed Services Committee.
Makes perfect sense to me. Really stupid
Bigly amount of leg room on this flight. Can not possibly be United. Grumpy Old McCain hiding from his constituents and wasting money.
Thank you!!
You do that, although using your brain must be difficult
Thank you for your devotion to our troops
Like Obama's devotion?? Really?
Hahahaha you're hilarious when you act like you care. #Fauxcahontas Actions r louder than words #LunaticLeft #democratsarenuts #MAGA
Think but not act. Speak but not act... perfect... term limits !!!
Come to Springfield and Holyoke and see what's happening here. Heroine busts that are breaking records.
Now maybe you can see why we dropped a bomb on Isis targets.
Thank you for going and seeing for urself.
Oh I bet you will.
Welll, maybe things will get better anyway
You Warren have done nothing for our veterns.
Yousuck


Pass this on to @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC
What no votes were effected!! Where's collusion evidence
; Warren, incompetent inexperienced, reckless. Her direction is pure communisim. A traitor at minimum.
Leads a minority of jerks.
stop talking and do something!!!
Haha! 2 traitors sitting together trying to come up with lies to get re elected. You are the reason Americans must demand term limits!
Until you know what it's like to have rounds snap by your ear or see a best friend get blown up you will never understand

So, instead of a functional healthcare system, we have a collection of super-deluxe goobermobiles and killing machines?  Thanks, @SenWarren!
Shut our borders
especially since you're an Afghan - American - native - American crazy person? You and Rachael Dolezal would make a great couple.
Quit wasting our dough, they are Muslim U are not. They will take your dough and laugh, while they use it against us.
Good.. that is what we need #1 over anything . What good is H/C when you are on fire from nuclear attack ?
You are not doing your job and you will be taking out at the next election because that's all you care about is yourself
Correction: "I'll start thinking ....". Because there is no evidence you have been thinking up til this point.
Actually, she probably is thinking how she can continue to scam those idiots that always vote democrat.
Thinking about it and doing something are not the same.  When are you going to do something tangible?
Thank you
Warren for president.
I'm glad you are on the committee, but keep asking what the mission is. I do not know anyone who has any idea.
Such a fraud 
Get out of politics! resign!
C-17? You can lay on the ground and sleep on those, if you have a blanket. Took a C-17 from Hickam AFB in Hawaii to Charleston AFB, SC.
I luv your fighting spirit but why can't Afghan take care of Afghan, never ending Americans dying for what??
Get us the hell out of there!
Omg, scary
How's this years opium harvest looking?
Pls get out of this War game and do what you do best, Bring people to justice.
Guess I am confused, isn't that your job.......just a thought.
Three top Senators sitting together, why can't we have this in Washington? Americans working together is what makes us great.
My cousin saw u there, the troops were disgraced in your visit.  U hate republicans and who do u think the troops support? 
Very GOOD!!! xoxo
To late Lizbeth your out of touch. But touched in the head.
Good Warren,  you keep thinking while others in this administration keep doing!!
Let's focus on voting rights too Ms Warren.
Its a temporary assignment. You're on your way out.
How many more troops did TraitorTrump send to Afghanistan lately?  Do we know?
I like your ride.
Just photo ops.
Stay there
Please don't sugar coat it.  It's an enormous waste of time, money, and lives.
Quite the ride there, Senator!
Highly recommended: "No End in Sight" is an award winning documentary by Charles Ferguson ("Inside Job")
So you will finally get tough on vetting? Great!
No thanks Senator Warren  we got General Mattis on the job.

Did ya wear your head dress?
We need a Mcain Warren ticket to get America back on track. That can be the slogan "BACK ON TRACK"
How many of the local LGBTQ communities did you meet with outside of our military bases?
Very peaceful people they just kill gays but Elisabeth Warren thinks that is wonderful, along with open boarders,sanctuary cities
Is that a C-130?
looks rather spiffy but I think so.
Cool. Thank you. My late father was a flight surgeon in the @usairforce. I am sorting old photos he gave me over the yrs. F104 Phantoms too.
That's a lot of airplane for 3 passengers. Maybe next time United standby?
V can
@SenWarren you have a very flawed economic ideology and you are a very angry person - get out of @realDonaldTrump way and let him #maga
::::cčd
We don't call you Liarwatha for nothing.
rocking the c-17 side seats!!
I doubt it because you haven't done shit since you've been a senator
That's scary
Incorporatete them to their homes! They don't belong there they are dying for nothing than the war machine!!!
when it airs on @PBS, starting Sept. 17.
You will be heartbroken, and you will cry. It is brilliant. It is Burns' masterpiece.
@SenJohnMcCain To the public servants who understand what service means: please remove 45 from office. He's defiling & destroying America
Shhh little liberal. Take your medications, everything will be okay.
Things must be looking pretty sweet in the 4th Reich, corporal. Tomorrow belongs to you 
He he thinks Nazis are real 
Ty
Sen Warren, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Did U see Pakistan making any progress fighting and countering Violent Extremism?
as someone privileged to have seen 1st 10 hrs (so far) of Ken Burns' #VietnamWarPBS, you & Sen. #JohnMcCain owe it to to yourselves to see
Where did you find copy of it?
Thank you
It would be nice to see a dem with guts and come out and say what a waste our military excursions are. Lets cut the defense budget in half.
Use that money for education, hospitals and schools instead of going to 3rd world countries and blowing up theirs.
Are the opium flowers ready too harvest? I bet the both of you get a nice piece of that pie dont you
WOW. Elizabeth Joins the real Terrorists like J McCain & Graham. Beware of Warren as she will murder more innocents round the world
Always appreciation, Senator Warren
Think about healthcare!!!
Oh look, senators from across the aisle smiling and getting along. Whoda thunk it?
Yeah, doing their g'damn jobs!!! Refreshing!
A true leader- thank you
A true nut job .
Madam didn't check gas station built on our  $42milion. Useless madam left & gas station still not working. Borderless crip ll bla on wages
How about incorporating some common sense and applying that into your work for the people of THIS country.
“Everyone in Afghanistan was talking about Podesta’s server and how many electoral votes Trump got.”
So are U going to keep ignoring the election fraud and #DNCFraudLawsuit while you sat silent? #WhichWarren #HillarysHackers #AwanBrothers
U.S. WARS IN THE MIDDLE EAST WERE NOT SUPPOSED TO BRING DEMOCRACY
Ok, sounds good.
You could take care of those veterans when they come home. Disabled Veterans deserve their earned Retirement! co-sponsor and pass S.66!
Yes, I'm sure you'll be very helpful
You work?.... weaving baskets, stringing beads, making blankets?
You forgot going to Pow Wows
Perhaps a rain dance....
Look at all of that leg room!
It's a rough neighborhood!
Did you see the poppy fields? Are you thinking about whether we should still be protecting them?

Good grief McCain is just old as dirt.  Poor guy
