Your War on Republicans brought us to this.
Nice try. Please point to how Elizabeth Warren contributed to this.
She's one of the #resistance leaders fostering the liberal climate of hate.
Sad, now even shootings are political, and you are blaming the loyal opposition. You have slipped the tracks.
"Loyal opposition"
#TheResistanceisSedition
Only autocrats use the word "sedition."
So U'd prefer treason? Such a challenge 2 accurately characterize "resistance" 2 a democratic election outcome. U guys R just bad losers.
By treason, you mean the constitutional definition or the lunatic Fox News definition.
#Resist, right senator?
Yes. Resist. Peacefully. Nice try.
You are right. All the protests have been peaceful, what was I thinking?
Exactly. No arrests during the Women's March. Don't confuse Antifa with the Resistance.
Congratulations, you picked the one protest. At least you aren't cherry picking.
I'd say the largest protest, the worldwide protest the day after the inauguration, is a good representative.
Tragic. Is anyone ready to talk about gun control? This should not be happening ANYWHERE to ANYONE. Godspeed to those injured.
Gun control will never happen. If killing of children at Sandy Hook didn't spur change, nothing will.
I'd say it's a safe bet GOP leadership cares more about itself than kindergarteners, so this may have some effect...
Pretty sick statement.
Really?  The fact that a crazy person was able to get an assault rifle has nothing to do with a crazy person shooting up a softball practice
How do you know he did not attain his gun legally? You deny the hate you have by pointing to a hypothetical
I don't hate anyone (except for jerry Jones for football reasons). I think the congressional leadership on both sides is bought and craven
Did you snicker when KG did her thing? How about NYC theater killing Trump?
you say that as you encourage more "nastiness", hatred and violence!
Stop your hate speech Sen Warren. Stop spreading inflamitory lies and conspiracies.  Stop being intolerant of people who disagree with you!
What are you talking about
Sen Warren is among many high profile Dem & Rep who create scenarios just like this with hateful rhetoric and intolerance of opposing ideas
she was thanking the police for their service and sending good wishes those that was  injured
Yes she was and always will after violence, but she is the first to advocate hateful rhetoric.  We need more civil debate and compromise
I wish all in DC would talk and listen to one another
I'm sorry but be real! dOnald tRump has spewed hate from the moment he announced that he was running.
He said "Mexicans are rapists"
Your thoughts are with your owe selfish self. # Liar
I just wonder what exactly ur thoughts are. There is nothing sincere about u
TODAY you said it will get worse - which is the real face of Princess Many Faces?
More platitudes Senator. When is your party and your leadership going to condemn the violence towards Trump supporters the last 10 months?
Like this dude?
Whos supporting that crazy idiot? I'm denouncing anyone who makes violence much less for political reasons. this is owned by the Democrats
What's owned by Dems? A crazy dude? There are crazies in every corner, stop  picking for your own agenda. Stop.it.
America sees what's happened to the violent democrat party! There's nothing you can do now, because the cats out of the bag! You'll lose! 
But your words cause it Senator
See what can happen when you spew hatred at the Republican and stabbing Trump in a play and holding his severed head. Blood on your hands
Thoughts are nice but stronger gun control measures would be much more effective.
Yeah no. Chicago has some of the strictest gun control laws in the country and they killing every weekend like it's a game.
Yeah, you're right. We should just not worry about it. It's just a price we have to pay, these daily mass shootings. Seems acceptable enough
Daily mass shootings? Another yeah no.
We all remember when Sen Warren said she hoped all Republicans would die and leave body to science so she could cut them open.
Oh, you care about the police now?
Why don't you tell your side of the Isle to stop invoking Violence?  Blood on all of your hands!  #PrisonForDems
Yet, you tweet threats to potus.....nice to see you're raising your hypocritical games to higher levels, #Pocahontas
The left's gone wacko and ur responsbile
How about helping out @POTUS if you're so concerned with Scalise. How genuine are you?
Your rhetoric encourages this.
Like hell your thoughts are with Rep Scalise. You're just sorry he's not dead
If your thoughts are REALLY with him then why are you continuing you violence filled rhetoric?  I know you won't answer that!
Maybe you should do more than share your "thoughts" - u & ur #democrat colleagues need to dial down the spiteful rhetoric, NOW
Respectfully, the First Amendment still stands.
Indeed, and those who use it for hate & to manipulate people  should expect consequences and be held accountable
So if they dialed down that rhetoric there'd be no more Jeremy Christians then?
Too many guns, too readily available.
too many liberals causing disruption is the issue
Then why are you inciting violence? Shooting Republicans not "nasty" enough? #bloodonyourhands
Save your empty words....your party incites people to commit acts like this...enough is enough...
You were saying? This is Jeremy Christian. He is marching in a ProTrump rally for free speech in this photo.
Oh and this, such short memory spans!
This isn't left or right! We are all Americans. You attack one of us, you attack all of us. Violence is never the answer.
This is about a political climate that the far left has engaged in since the election
Your comment is not helpful and inaccurate. If you want to whine, go do so someplace else. Be helpful or move on.
This is not whining  this is calling out the people who have been vilifying their political opponents to the point of physical violence
You mean like trump? Yeah, not helpful dude. U are whining. Move it along. We don't need your negativity here. We value peaceful resistance.
But ur mouth is encouraging others 2 perpetrate attacks "You ain't seen nasty yet"??? U shld step down 4 encouraging violence vs the @POTUS
Cooperate then, stop all the hate and never Trump crap, denounce the violent radical left groups and STOP OBSTRUCTING
Look at the last pic of yourself and the fury that it denotes.  Your responses encourage the "fringe" element to respond with the same fury!
Really? Somehow I don't believe you since you claim 45 hasn't really seen "nasty" yet. Save your fake sympathy, you're complicit in violence
Must be why you LATER said "Donald, You ain't seen nasty yet!" You too=a nasty woman who trafficks children w/living parents out of Haiti?
And in next breath, Trump you haven't seen nasty yet, bloods on ur hands lady, step down and seek mental health
Perhaps it is time to place @America before #Party + ratchet down your divisive rhetoric Ms. Warren..it is extremely UGLY!
She speaks with forked tongue. She would take those guns from those police at the first opportunity

Hypocrite, people like you are partly responsible for the shooting. With all your hateful rhetoric.
Where is your condemnation on violence? Where is your public call for unity? Did i miss this??
Republicans r in control but represent only 30% due to gerrymandering; their policies are for donors; they should expect a backlash;
How about your prayers they are not with him oh I'm sorry you progressives don't do that old fashion thing
Are you going to lead and knock off the radical rhetoric? Not!
Violence will continue as long as DNC & CPUSA share joint message of Hate & Resist. The Left has always been about violent revolution.

#TheResistance almost killed 4 Republicans in a ballpark 2 days ago with their"any thing goes"message of HATE against political opposition
My thoughts, not prayers.  For if there is a higher power it is I.
wish the shooter was a better aim!
Maybe if some of our so called leaders would stop spewing  hate (elizabeth) Sitting back and instigating trouble then sit back and act dumb.
Please let this be a motivator for dems and republicans to change gun control laws.
We have to get serious about bringing an end to gun violence in our country.
Prayers!!
Yeah we want to be like every nation that allowed its government take their citizens personal weapons from them. #MAGA
Yeah, no doubt.  Haha!  One of yours did it.
You helped create this climate of HATE!
You have blood on your hands Liz.  Your hateful rhetoric fuels these actions.
Exactly what are your thoughts with this act of liberal hatred Ms Warren?
Yea
You have Scalise blood on your hands for your hate rhetoric toward your President Trump. .@JusticeOIG inv Warren
Maybe you can go back to your tribe and see if the medicine man can help him
Thinking of you and your colleagues and wishing you the best.
Don't get out here and act like you care you and the Democrats did this with your propaganda & lies. Their blood is on your hands
You incited this man with your hateful rhetoric and lies we do not want your phony thoughts
Remember when trump said Hillary's security should give up their guns and 'see what happens to her' or that 'second amendment people...
Should do something if she wins the election' literally threatening her life but he gets away with it because he's a populist white man.
Said the Soros puppet agitator
Hi Indian Lady, was it the guns fault or a crazy socialist like yourself? Kindly waiting your reply....
Time  together  rebuild  new country 
Be cool  ???????
Did  Donald  ducks  time  for connecting  or wake up? ??? Millions  questions
Delicious  freedom  development  jfk
Finally you offer words of togetherness. You are a leader. Show others how to work with the other side - stop always attacking!
lizzy, to be honest, a shooter heard your hate towards Republicans. You must be so happy.
She didn't say prayers, just thoughts because she is the Devil and dont pray to God
You're a dishonest, lying, soulless fraud who can't accept election results & grows richer in office stealing from the public.
Just last year the entire DNC condemned the police. Flip flop warren again for show. More fake news
Your part of the problem!!!
Is that so! Why don't you stop inciting violence and try leadership instead calling for violence
ask your-self Why 66y old suddenly turns violent Needs scientific Academia analysis on all aspects or America is heading to conflagration
No your not! You and those of your ilk are responsible with your hate speech along with the media. And entertainment advocating violence.
I would say bloody Elizabeths only thought would be how this attempted assassination will help her political world
The congress should get to work rather than playing baseball.
Stop the hate!
I understand the compassion here, but Scalese allegedly kept company of white supremacists. Respectfully, no thank you.
I believe in our rights of having a gun at home for self defense in case of home invasion, etc.... More security and gun control in public.
Weapons belong with law enforcement and security workers. We need an increase of security and gun dectectors in public places for safety
No one should be allowed possession of guns in public, only law enforcement have the right to be armed to serve and protect the public ....
Everyone has the right. Read the Constitution. Good guys with GUNS saved those congressmen today.
Another reason Trump needs to be IMPEACH.  Trump was the one that started all of this inciting violence.  You know it as well as me.
How many more graves are you Liz going to fill before you stop your rhetoric? You are sick.
So sad
If @SteveScalise we're black. They'd ask if he was in a gang who shot him and why before he ever hit treatment.
My thoughts are with "why were you at a baseball field in the first place, with all this stuff going down. That's what they'd ask black Vic!
Gun control has been implemented for generations in the worst countries in the world and it has never worked. It's the criminal mentality!!!
This has everything to do with deranged liberals not guns. Two good guys with guns were the heroes here
You knew this would happen, you stoked the #resist movement. #youlost #getoverit
Interesting considering you and your party called for the violence. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Our prayers accompany yours
Didn't you call for a complete and total war against Trump and the GOP? Your party and your colors are starting to truly show who u all are.
When will you resume your screeching clawing at the turf rants?
Well if you and your California senators would shut up and stop talking bad about republicans it probably would never have happened.
Hypocrite!  Your hateful rhetoric against the GOP stirs hate in the left.
Why am I having trouble believing you are sincere?
Fortunately they are covered by Obamacare!
Unfortunately it's hateful rhetoric from elected politicians like you that has created the dangerous environment we're now facing.
Really Poco ??  After all your Hate Speech
Fauxcahontas, u spew hatred and lies daily about POTUS & conservatives, creating the climate brain dead libtards like this guy act upon.
You and the other violent crazies on the left are partly responsible.
As you call for our government to be over thrown
How painful it must be to pause your venom even a day. No fear mongering about millions to die r/t hc reform? Blood on your divisive hands.
Oh save it, lady! Your vitriol towards the GOP is well-documented. It would be more genuine if you celebrated with rest of the alt-left.
Your well wishes are hollow, your hateful rhetoric is partly responsible for today's shooting. You step down....Sessions is a good man.
Every elected democrat in senate and congress have blood on your hands in you actions and words of hatred, resistance,and riots #ownIt
Perhaps after this the GOP will start to work with you on gun control. Or healthcare for the mentally ill...
Your voice does not endorse the violence of your strongest supporters, but your silence afterwards allows the continuance. We must be better
Praying for all the victims. 
I'm a Democratic and don't like trump or what the GOP are doing to our healthcare but NO ONE has the right to harm another person prayers
Probably would be a good day to have a Director of FBI, huh? Keep your heads down for a copycat gun toter!
Why didn't you denounce the violence and demand a stop to it? Were you too busy with faux outrage over  fake TrumpRussia?
Bloody ElizabethWarren encourages actions like these with her militant resistant movement. And ugly violent party trying destroy oppositio
Crocodile tears.
You hateful rhetoric contributed to this!
We need you to be our President Senator Warren!
Finally you say something that makes sense.
the white mans evil ways are coming
back to haunt him as he didn't learn
from the viciousness of #slavery
U R a hypocrite.
America first, not party
the other side should think about they make the opposition's supporters feel so hopeless and oppressed that they resort to violence.
Rather than having a finger pointing fest all legislators should not only be thinking about what their side does to urge violence but
This shooter was a liberal demacrat,  acting on the hate the left has been putting out there since the election. Own it. This is on you.
The law enforcement community doesn't support you Liz!  You can keep those thoughts because we know how you really feel

FU Warren you've done but promote the violent resistant rhetoric!
My thoughts are now with the RepubliCON that blamed the Democrats for this shooting because it is always the Dems that loosen gun laws SMH
I'm shocked you are #IncitingViolence everyday against @GOP @POTUS @jeffsessions & all Trump supporters! You should be arrested!
If democrats would have shut up this would have never happened. Left wing radical liberal tries to take another life. Total bullshit.
Would like you all to say "prayers are with you". Would like to know that you all are Spiritual people cause u sell weapons abroad uggg
I love you
Great entertainment tho you must admit.
I bet you anything that here about a week from now,you rep.& dem.will be at your blame game,name calling bs that is what Making people mad
Today's blood is on YOUR hands.  Remember that the next time you lie to score a political point.
If there is to be any gun control it has to start with the criminals.  Stop and frisk is one tool that needs to be brought back
Your leftist political rhetoric is what causes shootings like this! Don't pretend you give a damn now!
Your Opposition and Resistance motivated the wacko progressive liberal socialist to violence! Unconscionable and unacceptable Words matter
Perhaps you can ratchet down your hate speak?
It's the leftist libtards like you that spread the hate against GOP and potus that caused this Elizabeth!  You owe Steve an apology!
Stop spreading the hate!
This blood is on your soul for eternity Pocohantas
how about you and your fellow dems and Hollywood friends start telling others to act civilized, that it's ok if they don't get their way
https://twitter.com/trumpsuperpac/status/875039277649993728 …. Your party
Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch recently called for Blood and Death on the Streets! #Alexandria #TRUMP 
But the shooter was a fan of yours, Lizzie. How bout them apples?
you contributed to his death with your hateful rhetoric towards Trump and republicans,i liked you better as a lying fraud fake indian
u don't think your constant #Resist #ResistTrump rhetoric has anything to do with this? Blood is on YOUR hands
Reading all these tweets has me convinced this incident will not be the last. Civil unrest is building ..
