Not the best idea…. GOP and surrogates are benefiting from the massive banking corruption. Keep on fighting Sen. Warren.
Wells Fargo has squeezed me 2 the extent that I am facing ruin . Through raising premiums, overcharging 4 Ins & tax escrows, I am walking
Easy fix. Go to another bank
??? Still don't see what Wells Fargo Bank has to do with what you paid in taxes
Exactly! Thank you.
Thank Elizabeth Warren for having her head up her a**
Contrary to what you might think she is for the working class ppl of American unlike the racist POTUS
Wells Fargo has screwed so many of us one way or another. So many people have been left homeless because of them.
What happened to make you feel this way about us, Cathy? Please provide some more details. ^LM
We we're forced to short sell our home because of one dept not knowing what the other dept was doing
And our local bank was unable to help us because of not finding our account
It's to involved to tweet
Hi, Cathy. I'd like to look into this. Please DM your phone #, property address, and more details about what happened. ^CC
Why do you pretend to care? When I reached out to you for help on a pretty significant mortgage fraud case you ignored me, you're the fraud.
WF forged my name n illegally negotiated my insurance check into my escrow;my$ n myself held hostage 1 year tomorrow filed lawsuit today
Good luck! I hope you find justice,
WF bought our mortgage without our consent. To switch lenders we have to pay fees. Seriously? How did we get here? Want no-cost opt-out.
We had issues at start. The WF system did not log our EARLY, OVERPAYMENTS. They went after us for non-payment. @CFPB nipped it in 2 days.
Would you like me to look into what happened? If so, please DM me your name, phone #, and address (no acct #). Thank you. ^AS
Don't bank at Wells Fargo. Bad stuff going on over there.
If you make a EO make sure it is needed i.e. No lead in water. Just because Obama/Dems is not reason to roll back regulations.
And all they can forward me is an apology.  Three of their executive employees apologized to me.  What is your apology going to do for me?
Hi
When are you going to actually speak the truth about our President and the GOP.  Your conduct is more fraudulent than Wells Fargo.
Bad move, GOP!
But before Donald Trump was POTUS, DEMS let WELLS Fargo off with a slap on the wrist, RICO charges should have been been filed.
Leave Dodd Frank alone! The Banks proved they need regulation.
The Dem better worry about there future cause Americans are figuring out your no good plans for America!!!!!!!!!
It's going on 4 years that I've been battling WF in re my mother's mortgage.
I'd like to try to help you with this. Please DM more info about what's going on, and I'll do my best to assist. Thanks. ^CC
When will we ever learn? Exorcize the demons!
I work for Wells Fargo in Massachusetts and that is so offensive. I'm just trying to make rent and you're calling me a criminal.
I'm changing Banks, bye bye Wells F#$=k up Bank
Trump is so proud of all his executive orders but he is taking us back to the '50's. Solar, not coal. NO FRACKING. OKLAHOMA HAS EARTHQUAKES
Shut up POCAHONTAS  you are a fraud ,
You need your brain examined you have severe mental issues I have more Indian in me than tou have in a dead tornail looney POCAHONTAS
That's SOP for #PutizGOP
I thought Congress was supposed to promote the welfare of our country, states, cities they are not there to advocate for Banks, but people.
That is not right.
so what took you 2 years to correct after you were told about what they were doing
Not suprised, more to come
They worship #Money not #God #GreedyOldPigs #GOP
Hey sounds like you Dems in DC cheating and robbing us Taxpayers blind you all should be fired! We see right through you don't blame POTUS
GOP is for any one that cheats Americans
Because in business it's only wrong if you get caught, right @realDonaldTrump ?
Elizabeth, these are serious times requiring a serious face.  Time to update profile photo.
Fake news. Quit lying
Wells Fargo needs to be shut down my mother lost the house to them in 2000 lack of pay? I personally went to the bank and made the payments
When will PP be held to account for dismembering living fetus' and selling their pieces???
If Wells Fargo is cheating their customers do business with another bank you socialist fool
i see 2008 all over again when i lost what retirement i had & have only scraped by cutting every expense i can. no vacations, no college $.
Government is the only protection we may have against predatory industries /businesses.
#Economy People need to watch "Inside Job" narrated by Matt Damon to get educated on how the 2008 meltdown happened. It was NOT by accident!
We voted with our feet.  Closed all accounts with Wells-Fargo and transferred our mortgage elsewhere.  Worth it.
#Ocrapacare falling left & right & Warren wants 2 keep forcing it on we the people as it destroys the middle class with no accountability
How do you know this?
Thank you, @SenWarren , for exposing this.  #ShePersisted !
Republican "values" Sen. Flake was talking about?
Thank you for highlighting the real truth!
It would be just to 'burn the GOP house down' (vote them out) if they roll back those laws!
Just fill that swamp!
Give them hell!Keep up the good fight!
I WISH THEY COULD ROLL SOMETHING OVER YOU AND BERNIES MOUTHS
The nerve!!! It's almost like they're cheating on their college applications, isn't it!!
#toobigtofail con, yet again. What a joke.
Is Wall Street Chuck profiting from this?
#DumpTheDuopoly
That was how GOP and wall street  ran our economy down last time.They have started again with their tax break for the rich, & no Fin Rules.
meanwhile @SenFeinstein is trying to make cash and gift cards illegal #Priorities https://www.grassley.senate.gov/sites/default/files/judiciary/upload/Money%20Laundering%2C%2005-24-17%2C%20Bill%20Section-by-Section.pdf …
They are the only banks caught. Bet more are out there cheating clients
Why do you think the stock market is going made? Perhaps because they know the protections are being lifted?
They still cheat customers. The fine meant nothing. It's the sane scum bag upper management that don't care about anyone but their bonuses
The 0bama machine, you included have cheated Americans for years. Millionaires making money through office? Sound familiar. Look in mirror
I assume this means you won't be doing any more fund raisers involving big banks?
Just like Govt your part of cheat taxpayers, familiar huh!
I am disgusted with the whole bunch. I used to be a Republican, but I can no longer vote for them because of their lack of caring\empathy.
Can I get more info on this??? My 3 daughters & I are @WellsFargo customers!!! #CreditUnionInstead
Another Lie from the Pocahontas!  
Great then we can go thru another market collapse like we did after Bush did it. Is anyone not corrupt in the republican WH?
Hell they do?? Whats wrong with this guy who is POTUS???
So what exactly have you done to curb this theft ?
We're with you Lizzie!!!
Wells Fargo ripped us off thousands. They are crooks.
You support Obamacare, which cheats millions. Maybe you should sit this one out.
#BigBanks
Mmmm what about those big tax cuts that Trump wants to provide the big end of town. It appears greed & avarice has no limits
If they have to pay fines, how will they fund you and your fellow dnc members campaigns?
Can we get a roll back on smarmy frauds like you??
Last time, Yankee banks sold the bad loans abroad. Do Not fuck up my life again, America!
Which Bill are you talking about?
Didn’t Slick Willy DISMANTLE the Glass-Steagall Act?!
Noooooooo!!!
Rich people can't get a break in America these days. (sarcasm)
Here we go again a giant recession on the way. Thanks GOP @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
Where is the accountability in government?
Regulators are so necessary! We need protection from Big Banks. This is a country of laws. Lets keep it that way. 
 Remember 2008?
Cheater of cheeto? Im asking for a friend.
Mrs Warren. You are fascinating. You speak and all people hear is lies, lies and by the way more lies. Get To Work.
Wells Fargo Advisors charges $150 per household for IRA fees.
The ppl of America know they cheated.  Their stock & earning are down. Let the free market handle it.
Complaining does nothing.  Focus on getting us electable Dem candidates w electable centrist platforms! Have we not learned anything??
we may not all deserve @SenWarren but I'm very, very, very glad she's fighting for all of us
Even with @WellsFargo cheating its customers left & right, the @GOP wants to roll back the rules & shield big banks from accountability.
With their preferred course, odds are we'll experience another financial catastrophe and they'll falsely blame it on the Dems again 
Many government agencies and employees use Wells Fargo throughout the US- maybe they should all stop and pull funds?
Republicans never learn...let them and when our country goes belly up again, they will blame President Obama....not the GOP or Trump...why??
wells fargo is big crooks
Make Wells Fargo GREAT AGAIN!!!
No!
Thankful for your will to fight for us!
Here we go, again. So, thanks for your work. I indeed hope you're successful
Well when no one goes to jail and multi million bonuses are paid by taxpayers what do you expect
@GOP #VoteThemOut
Because they just don't don't give a rats ass about the people Wells Fargo rips off. Lining their pockets is a they care about.
Don't let them Sen. Warren! We are counting on you and the rest of the Dems to stop the Trump/GOP train to destruction.
No.
It one of the few things I disagree with this admin on. They should not do it.
Well...sounds like they have some I.O.U.'s they need to take care of. And since everything the T-Team is doing favors the rich it fits
Simple market solution. Don't do business with Wells Fargo.
Outrageous this bullying has to stop!
GOP wants your money. Screwing the American workers has been their top priority since Reagan.
And Democrats want whose money? Everyone wants money. Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesars...
Yes but they want to take a little money 3% more from the 1% to help the very poor. The GOP don't want a middle class and want the rest.
wells fargo is not the only bank, and unfair to blame them all for the sins of one!
Who can we entrust with our paycheck? I have no trust fund set up. I'm just a veteran working in America. No trust in traditional banks. Sad
By all the latest news, it seems that democrats are doing pretty good all by themselves perpetrating fraud on BANKS(alah Bernie Sanders etc)
And this all started on Jan.20th?
Love you lady
This is w/ happens when govt insures the bank's risk by using taxpayer $. They take larger risks & become unaccountable. Define Moral Hazard
And Warren wants to regulate to death just like socialists did she ever have to make a payroll
I just don't get their overwhelming greed when it comes to eliminating restrictions at the expense of working class people being cheated!!!
Guess I'll have to become a patriots fan now
Wells Fargo is as corrupt as they come! The absolute worse bank that opens its doors every day!
With Trump at the helm none of us are safe. He is working to amass a serious bigley fortune as he won't be POTUS forever. Thank you God!
But yeah, GOP is for the little guy. Sad u can fool some people all the time. Failure to learn...
Can u focus on the economy.  Oh 
Never mind the DONALD has that taken care of
The thing about 2008 crisis is that @wellsfargo didn't take any government bailout money. So how about picking on some other banks that did?
It looks like you've already judged them as "guilty". Now you are just putting on a show for your voters and donors.
Apples and Oranges.
Sen Warren, what do you need from us to support you in this fight? And THANK YOU
Damn crooks!!
Sound similar to trumps tactics on protecting his family.
Must. Protect. Banks!
Must. Protect. Trump!
We must step up to protect these valued minorities.
#Priorities
You're cheating your country.
It's called Parasitical Capitalism. That is the type of economy Republicans support.
The payday loan lenders are lobbying big times.  Vampires are out en force.
So you admit the current rules you championed don't work.
Well shut up and fix it. A lot of talk and no action from you. Just a normal day.
@GOP has a majority and can't accomplish anything.  U mad bro?
And what did the Dems accomplish?  Ocare which now everyone agrees is broken.
GREED!
In their case, let's assume - 
'til proven otherwise - 
...that they're "fouling the money!"
Yes Hooray! You r a nobody and a downer on jobs.
How much did you steal?
Furious!
sen Warren could you please explain to the people of massachusetts why u voted against confirmation of the new FBI director
Jail
Wait! Didn't #GOP campaign on no bank bailouts? What is this if not bailout for future bad acts?
Good they need to be rolled back!  Go back to the res squaw!
They know watching them is a burden to them, so they want to openly rip us off legally.
What are you doing about that?
Why do Democrats want to hurt America deals made in back rooms?
We can't let this happen Senator Warren they have to be held accountable they have hurt other businesses their customers ruin their lives
Why didn't you put in real reforms in the past several years?  Frank Dodd is a joke
Hey Warren.....don't you have anything better to talk about.  You constantly bash Wells Fargo.
What about bose giving you 50k????
Godspeed Sen. Warren.
Fight like hell against this @SenWarren . I know this gets you riled up. And we out here need you riled up. We're supporting you! #OurMoney
And one more silly reason to hate Wells Fargo. They stopped giving dog treats in the drive-through.
@WellsFargo corruption came to surface during @BarackObama #POTUS and again NOTHING WAS DONE! #FakeOutrage
Dems didn't do anything about it and Matilda it became political. You're as much to blame as the media he repubs
There only protecting their own pockets.
Have they forgotten the shape the country was in when Obama won election?
Of course - @cfpb rule meant to help consumers.  Applying forced arbitration and class waiver to non-merchants runs counter to reason.
That's crazy.
Wells Fargo is the worse
Just like you cheat the American people
U r a lier!!!
The stupid rules really worked to keep them from being crooks. Maybe if the rules were done right you would be allowed to comment
The rules aren't the problem. Accountability is and has been.
It was Bill Clinton that removed the rules and allowed the banks to consolidate. Don't pass the buck. Democrats fault
Even with Obamacare failing left and right SenWarren wants to focus on student loans and Wells Fargo.  #hypocrites  #pocahontasisafraud
That's because they're criminals and they always will be!

#Drumpf says we're all swimming in money, or is that just corporations #ImpeachTrump
By "we" he means him and his buddies. Soon they'll be swimming in oversized orange jumpsuits.
@POTUS and @GOP continue to fill the swamp.
Wells Fargo should be dismantled & the C-level execs charged. If I rob you on the street I go to prison. How is this thievery different?
Keep up the good fight!!!!!
Why punish everyone?  Banks are so over regulated, nothing gets done, or it takes a committee to approve it - might as well annex them.
OK Pocahontas whatever you say 
LESS GOVERNMENT!
More baseless lies!
Fear mongering and pitting one group against another. That's all you liberals have. God help us
Why aren't you upset that Maxine Waters was instrumental in getting  bailout money for OneUnited Bank, her husband had stock in.
2007-2008 Take 2.
Well how much of a pay out are they getting.  I think FBI should be looking into campaign/personal finances of some GOP re: banks & Russia.
They want to take care of their cronies.
We can publicize this and all boycott @WellsFargo. Lots of great credit unions out there.
If Wells Fargo is cheating its customers. Why do they still have customers?
Wholesaling in the money market is and was the banking Ind's problem. If they couldn't sell a questionable loan, they wouldn't make it.
I closed my 20-years plus year acct with WF due to their shenanigans!
Didn't they cheat after the Dodd Frank bill? Why didn't that glorious bill prevent it. Because it's bullshit and you know it
GOP wants to remove Protections against the Boom&Bust Economy model so popular with Trump!Too many predict we are setup for Trump Bust 2019!
Like you want to protect the corruption the whole Obama Administration has committed?
It's what they always do. And They get away with it every stinking time. Get GOP out of Washington. Elections!

Keep up the Good Fight Sen Warren....keep the American Consumer First!! God Bless you Elizabeth Warren!!
How come no one on the left ever criticizes @WarrenBuffett for his huge stake in WFC and his absence of demanding more changes?
How could WF be cheating with you around and Obama in office? Didn't this bother you then?  Why now?
U need help
