Give us the same health care you have
Stop lying. Many will lose their insurance now.  COMPANIES are pulling out. Aetna, Blue Cross. That's just 2
Because they're no longer forced to buy. That's not losing, that's choosing. Poor Dems, always the victims.
and the rest of us having higher premiums, insane
It's about who donated the most..
No repeal is even worse 350 million Americans paying  astronomical premiums  and deductibles. That monkey is to heavy on the working class.
Please keep fighting for what is right. This presidency is a sham. Congress is our only hope. Trump is a con-man and a liar!
Elizabeth! What in the heck are you smoking?
But you do have those weak minded Snowflake's following you!
All of them 'losing'? Or considerable amount opting out due to high premiums?
"Opting out" implies choice. It's not opting out if you literally cannot afford it.
Insurance has been high longer than you and I been around.
Coons says,"32 million". (D's) make up your minds.That is BS anyway.Lift the Employer and Individual Mandates. Give us a FREE MARKET.#FreeUS
Why not keep the ACA intacted until a Healthcare PLan can be agreed upon on a bi-partisan basis? Pres.Obama's legacy will always be intacted
Someone has to.
Skinny repeal almost as bad as when @SenWarren supported the lie when Obama winked and told America premiums wouldn't rise. #theyallsuck
Voluntarily because they would no longer be FORCED to buy insurance they don't want or need in your sneaky little wealth distribution scheme
Only 10 million signed up but 15 million will lose coverage. You are not great at math
Talk about skinny!
Better than a 100 million.
skinny means poor have choice between medicine and food
People are still losing insurance. What is it going to take to keep my insurance. All y'all have insurance. Why are you taking it away.
11M on ACA and most retain insurance.
CBO states 73% of those people will lose HC insurance because they will CHOOSE not buy it. 
Liar liar liar pants on fire.
what would in cost in number of jobs?
Question, when CBO says 15M lose insurance does that include all women who lose reproductive care and must buy $$$$ riders for that care or
Even if we have health care most of us that aren't wealthy are being priced out. Why are we not talking about single-payer?
Hey that's great OLD SANDERS thinks millions are going to die which won't be all that bad if dead do have to pay for them lower rates
VOTE HER OUT!!
And, no way for insurance companies to be compensated - rate hikes!
OMG OMG OMG OMG PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DIE!!!!!!!!!!
We need you to start pushing that Better Deal right away. Better wages. better benefits..better healthcare. "The Eisenhower Plan."
You mean 15 million young people who would choose not to have health care because there's no mandate. Nice try lady---
One point has not been repeated much in media: Any reduction in enrollment will disproportionately affect RURAL areas.
This will affect the market, causing PROVIDERS to continue to leave RURAL areas.
that is going by the cbo that has lied about obamacare numbers.400 million have no insurance due to high premiums that tripled
Wake up, Liz. Subsidized people can't afford the co-pays. So they are alreading losing out on health insurance, while providers pulling out.
I can not comprehend why GOP wants to do this to PEOPLE.
#Liawatha changing your numbers again #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether at it again.
Government should not be involved in health care period.
Not loosing but not mandated to buy it
The GOP will surely shoot for that. All they care abt are numbers. If the No of uninsured is much less than 22 mill, why not? :(
REPEAT. ENOUGH ALREADY!!
How many are in Obomacare now?
It also opens the door to many more losing coverage and deeper cuts to Medicaid
Any bill that kicks even 1 person off ins. is a no from us. Reps don't even know what they are voting to pass. Regardless vote "yes" anyway.
We need the government to take care of us because we are to lazy and stoopid! Save us Elizabeth! I'm to dumm to make it in Amerika w/o U!
As significantly, final bill out of conference likely to allow ins cos to jack up rates on pre-existing conditions or deny coverage
people are going to DIEEEEEEE...........
And you have no clue how many people will lose their insurance and I know you don't give a crap about mine that I cannot afford anymore.
I advocate Medicare for all
Stop lying stop freaking everybody out you're on your own agenda and you'll never be POTUS!!!
Brainwashed much???? she'll never be POTUS.
Enjoy!!
Don't give up! it's going to be great here again, the DNC is going down they have no idea the new investigations.
15 MILLION people losing health insurance
is not skinny
its One Big Fat MF of a repeal
all this so Wealthy get a tax cut shameful & immoral
73% would chose to leave. Last year in the US the amount of people who chose to pay fine instead was population of Kentucky.
Kentucky AND Maine combined, saw that staggering stat too. I have freinds who are now having their wages garnished due to that fine.
I only saw Kentucky, I stand corrected. In MA not affording healthcare is the norm. Warren doesn't care.
Its around 6.5 mil who paid the fine. And the fine is scheduled to go up in 17 to 2.5% of income...just horrible what they've done...evil.
My friends paid the fine and prayed.
Lying again! CBO's #'s include ppl who by choice would not buy health insurance @SenateDems can't tell the truth!
Where were you when people lost their health care under Obamacare?
Those were deplorable republicans, she doesn't care about them.
They think 15mil is better than 23mil & that will save some of their constituents, while keeping their pockets line & the war on poor going
"War on the poor"? What do you think the opt out fine is. That hits waitresses and young minwage people who can, literally, least afford it.
10-11 mio people enroll obama(failed)care..15 mio will lose coverage ..what??
That is a big fat lie Missy!!!!
Did you vote yes for the open debate call yesterday? No you did not so stay in your seat and be quiet.
What about the 79.000.000 of baby boomers starting to increased at 2020. Are they going to let them die from pre existing condition.
We can take care  of ourselves. Don't need libtards  telling us what to do!?!
You mean 15mm people that currently opt out of it anyway? So many ppl choose 2 not have insurance,this is a false  argument!And you know it!
#TrumpCareHorror
People will lose insurance then people will die. Nothing hard to understand at all.
Over 18 million people have died in the US since obamacare was enacted. Doesn't sound like the answer you seek.
I've longed believed this has always been the primary goal. They want the IRS out of enforcement on healthcare.
The IRS has no business in healthcare, an agency shown to be politically corrupt under Obama. Who's great idea was it to involve them at all
do you even MATH -  barley only 10mil are on OBOZOCARE even though CBO said over 25 mil would be on it by now
Republican conservatives may not realize it yet, but these cuts to Medicaid will also affect *their* families, communities and state
How many will lose their LIVES?
Says most of those will opt out. Should they not have a right to choose their health needs?
no health care=(at a conservative estimate) 1/854 ppl dead. 17564 will die. blood is on your hands. fitting that your party's colour is red.
Bc 10 million healthy young adults won't be FORCED to buy healthcare they don't want.
STOP DEMS Lib Hysteria & SPENDING VOTE YES ON #ACARepeal TAXPAYERS WILL LOVE YOU & FREELODERS WILL HATE YOU #MAGA 
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/890272315279368192 …
Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
Don't you EVER get tired of LYING? If we CHOOSE to drop ins..we're not "Losing it"..We're DUMPING THE GARBAGE! That's NOT A LOSS!
Call it what it is.....a scam to!
 accomplish political gains.  Skinny repeal sounds so innocent
That's total B.S..
A fully open free market Healthcare will be the cheapest for all Americans!!
I advocate Medicare for all
I have Medicare and it's great
Is this the "reaching accross the aisle" McCain was talking about when he voted to continue the destruction of our healthcare? What a "hero"
We lost ours with Obamacare. Didn't bother you then. You praised Obamacare.
Why would anybody believe you?
How accurate was the CBO in forecasting the devastating effects of obamacare, fauxcahontas?
Get off it! We do not want single payer!
The key word being LIKELY @SenWarren
Still not acceptable!
UGH !!!!!
By choice. Do you believe in holding a gun to my head and forcing me to spend money? It's pretty sick if you actually thing about it.
This is bullshit. Go get em senator warren!
You believe everything they tell you w/o even questioning it. Sheep.
Oh now its 15...what happened to 22...#Democrats are evil !!!...
What happen to 32 million?
