Aren't you rich?
Why do you assume that only "Wall St." opposes your cute little band of bureaucrats?
why do you assume anybody listens to four follower trolls with no picture?
You, obviously, cared enough to reply.

Omg you're alying fool. Please, for the country's sake, beat it. Leave. Go away. Screw. Nobody that's normal likes you.
you would think with all your millions of dollars you could buy some decent clothes? have some pride. #takelizshopping
There are more important things than clothes. Like actually standing up for the middle class. Misogynist much? One follower troll. 
Dodd-Frank was written to SAVE Wall St. after they almost went bankrupt ripping off middle- and lower-income America.

Look a rich white elitist complaining about rich white elitists lmao. Sit down.

I agree!

Can we get a list of accomplishments versus the dollars spent funding this "group"?  That'd be rich.
Meh, when you delve int CFPB's actual work, they continue to try to say aha! Without fully understanding the industries they go after
Please stop billionaire donors from controlling out govt. Stop their hidden political foundations being tax deductible!
Obama loves your wall street buddies bloody warren,  better tone it down or he'll send the deep state after you
Yep 6 years in, 650 million budget and 1800 employees. Another gov boondoggle of garbage.
UnAmerican to celebrate creation of a dictatorship within a Democracy yet typical of @SenWarren
Why does the anti-Wall Street Senator never propose ending the banker monopoly on printing  money by the trillions?
Senate stock trading?
Anyone who celebrates the birth of an unconstitutional entity is a raving lunatic. I mean, uh, yeah, go get em!
Thank you Senator Warren
@SenWarren please explain why government workers at the CFPB make over $200k per year.  Most make over $100kyr, how can u justify this?
Everybody on be Trump white house makes 179k per year justify that.. They have done nothing
That has zero to do with the CFPB employees making way too much money. We can talk about those salaries also, but I'm asking about CFPB
Elizabeth Warren IS the CFPB!!!  It's her Bereau, she is saying Happy Birthday to herself. Read this:
CFPB is YOUR fraud company, milking taxpayers 90mil yr with bloated paychecks.

Troll
Or paying chase credit cards and other credit card pmts. @FEC must audit your campaign fund!!!!!!!!!
Thank you @SenWarren for this valuable information.ive been scammed b4. Now I know how to respond.
The real scam is the CFPB milking taxpayers with bloated paychecks. This is government corruption in true form.
Hay Pocahauntis, seems like you took a lot of Wall Street money lately.
36  follower troll.. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Please grow up you. Baseless claims scream ignorance
How many liars do you think are in the Senate Liz? We know of two. One about stolen valor and one an Indian. Who could they be?
23 follower troll.. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Please grow up. Your unfounded lies indicate ignorance
"Congratulations"!!!...
Don't endorse corrupt establishment democrats as you have in the past. I badly want to have faith in you, but I'm seconds from turning away.
This is way more important issue than Russia crap.  But no coverage in MSM due to Russian Hysteria misdirection.
No, no it's not, look around
It sounds like democrats really stand for the little guy. Funny not a single person was prosecuted for the financial crisis. Hypocrite

10 follower troll foolish post back under your rock
Warren you are a liar - you bailed out Wall Street and endorsed crooked Hillary - you have INCREASED corruption in gov
First of all 48 follower troll prove she is a liar or crawl back under your rock. Hillary is not anyway near as crooked as Trump

Well, Now you all finally admitting it, government in Wall Streets pocket: like we didn't aleady know that.  Trump's fault too?
Rules that only further the big bank monopoly. Since Dodd Frank smaller would-be competitors have diminished rapidly.
And you complain about @POTUS  for tweeting to much! 

Where is your plan to fix Obamacare? Millions of Americans don't have Health Insurance because they can't afford it plus pay a penalty!!
First plan is to get Republican Congress and idiot president to stop sabotaging it
Say good by tell your cousin's they have to get another job! The siphon is going to get cut!
HYPOCRITE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfgEvgVC6Qs … https://shiva4senate.com/   472 days until you are looking for a job. Love it.
Is Shiva going to beat the shit out of his girlfriend tonight?
Just what we needed. Another government program to protect ourselves from ourselves. Perfect.
I would bet the GOP will do away with it. They are not on the side of average citizens
You must be talking about the Democrats!!
forgive us if we're not in a celebrate-y mood ...
We need to heavily regulate the greedy among us!!!
