You really think Universal healthcare will help anything Mrs Warren? You're delusional. Healthcare isn't a right, learn what rights are.
She doesn't need to think anything. People much smarter than yourself have already studied the impacts if universal healthcare
If you studied it you would know that it creates price gaps, short supplies, and high wait times. Europe is starting to figure this out.
Europe is starting to figure it out? You are delusional  people love universal healthcare. US healthcare is trash compared to Europe
Is that why they come here to the U.S for major surgeries and operations?
They dont, but keep telling yourself that. American healthcare is not even top 20 in the world 
That's because every person who measures healthcare quality measures it based off of coverage rather than cost/quality.
Yeah, not so much. Educate yourself 
They don't want a conversation, they want to jam their corporate crap down everyone's throat!
Really? Then why to the Repus fight so hard for corporate money? The Citizens United plaintiffs were Republican.
You do know what that is, right? If not, suggest you Google and read.
You seem to have a lot of faith in Google. Must be a millennial.
Notice Democrats Dont Talk About The 10's Of Millions Not On Obamacare, Due 2 Price And They Dont talk About Free Care For Illegals/Refugees
It Must Be Your Media, GOP Has Spoken Plenty About It.. And So Has Trump. May I Suggest Following @BrietbartNews, Their page has plenty info
You twist words 4 a 'Like'.. Typical Liberal. Let Me Say This Slowly, TRY WATCHING DIFFERENT MEDIA, EXPAND YOUR SIMPLENESS & FREE Y'R BRAIN
Thank you senn Warren.
23 million losing healthcare. Many of us will die. It's republicans way of culling the herd. Adolf Hitler thought the same way
Thank you @SenWarren for standing up for those that, more and more, have no voice. We need to demand a debate on the @SenateGOP bill.
Nuff said!
keep fighting sen @SenWarren
WITHHOLD CONSENT & FILIBUSTER WITH AMENDMENTS n2 2018! Stupid weak letter of "no vote" isn't going to cut it. GOP dug trench-get in w/them
Good one. And tell me what did you do about it the last 8 years

I'm waiting Pocahontas

It's SHAMEFUL that Repugnigans are meeting in secret. They are taking their cue from trump. Make yourself rich, don't care about anyone else
Explain how you know what the Repub plan has in it when, as you say, "they're secretly writing a plan"? Your Obamacare plan HAS FAILED.
oh God,U want to talk about secrecy, Obama passed Obamacare Secretly which destroyed the economy!!
do you really believe that??? Do you have utube look up hearings
@GOP restricts press access, privately drafts bill that encompasses 1/6th of our economy & bows to an autocrat.These are actions of cowards.
In ya go, A-Holes.
Reps listen to any ideas about Healthcare and prescription costs which are intelligent! Warren, you are incapable of presenting anything!
Dems secretly wrote ACA to throw millions off their plans then convinced ppl they had to pass it to see what's in it. All lies!
She's a fighter
You're under the assumption that everyone is entitled to healthcare. It's not a right. #falsepropaganda #getaclue
Funny, Matthew 25:35-46 says it should be.
So you're not a true conservative then, are you?
Let's ask Collins to release her call tallies on the health bill. Will she listen to Mainers and vote for them not w/ GOP? #FoI
And how dare Trump call D's obstructionists when 12 R's are writing a health care bill  secretly. Why don't R's believe what we should know.
Shame on all Republicans for allowing this process to proceed. This is no way to run a democracy?
Elizabeth keep up the good work. Trump needs someone like u to stay on his tail.
The "Affordable Care Act" killed Middle America.  You obviously don't care about that though!  RESIGN!
;Warren a reckless failure. Gov can't run the VA without mismanaged corruption. What happens if they run healthcare?
; speculative terrorism, a speciality of Warren the liar.
If you weren't so busy trying to prove the loony Russian conspiracy, we could get something done like healthcare. You've proven nothing!
Uhh, remember Obama allowing the government to shut down until republicans  caved?  Obama forced this disaster on us. Taxpayers lose on ACA
Why aren't you tweeting about this 24/7?
Mitch McConnell loves to cheat us at every turn. Hateful man.
Oh u guys & your fear mongering. Smart Americans actually READ the BILLS, but u don't know how 2 read? U guys passed OC without reading. LIE

They're not answering their phones!!  Cannot get through!!
I just tried the web e-mail server.  No luck there either.
Elizabeth, same lying infected SCAB of humanity you've always been. Hate for power is all you represent. We will REPEL your global Communism
I vote Republicans in Senate need their Health Care taken away if they plan on denying millions of people health benefits with the Trumpcare
I've always thought they should have the same healthcare as us little people
Well said SEN Warren!!
Republicans shd have2 give up their healthcare paid4 by taxpayers b4 taking anything away from taxpayers.
Thank you for standing up for us @SenWarren! We should invest tax $ in essential Rx drug R&D to justify placing price caps on #BigPharma.
Plz talk about drug prices!  Nothing seems to be getting done. Ppl need help!  Healthcare too expensive!  Too much fighting - get on with it
Continue to fight Senator - perhaps we can get more senators with passion to fight for the American people and not for the drug companies!
Why aren't you asking your Democrat Colleagues  to condemn all the liberal violence !!! Screw health care right now .
Great words Ms. Warren! Strong work! We must not let this go through!
Stop lying. It's disgusting.
Top priority should be increasing the percentage of Americans with high-quality health insurance. Seems likely we will go backward instead.
Do you mean the millions who won't be mandated to purchase it? Yeah I think you are.
the gunman shouted Healthcare at the ball field, It's not being said now? R's can't expect people to accept being disenfranchised.
GOP doesn't plan on sharing it until the day that they pass it.
People wonder why the shooting happened?  REALLY
True story: The donkey plan was no good...start over Senator.  Forfeit your million dollar lifestyle and lifetime benefits...show the way.
U had ur chance u want to block & fillabuster well u eat that one warren hope it tastes good lot more on its way
If you believe that is it really a secret?
Elizibeth Warren is a political hack
Paul Ryan: “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.” Yep! Cutting medical coverage that kills people is an attack on all of us.
I wish they would instead come up with a plan to strengthen Obamacare.  Is anyone adult enough in the GOP to do that??
Liar!
The same way demorats did it when they passed the ACA- Obamacare. They can read it after it's signed into law. Put a feather in that EW.
SECRECY in, DEMOCRACY out
Illness is expensive, not a choice. Taking protections & benefits is Deadly. 13 ppl in backroom is slap in face of Americans.
Blood on your hands...spewing your hate
They really need some of us with pre existing conditions to come testify if only I could count on my health to let me go do that
Excellent question!
Shame on @SenateMajLdr for such chickenshit methods. @gop congress folks know 2018 is near and want to hide their misdeeds. @slate @maddow
Millions are already off ACA because it isn't affordable.  Put aside the hate and work together to help Americans!
How indeed? I share your frustration & I thank you for amplifying that of literally millions. With passionate clarity.
What did your party say on Obama care sign it then will see what's in it lady how does it fill for the shoe to be on the other foot cry cry
If they could afford prescription costs than the problem fixes itself.
Want to talk prescription costs? How about getting Pharmaceuticals lobbyists out of the government and out of healthcare.
Thank you. Please keep fighting the good fight!
Do the words "We have to pass it to find out what's in it" ring a bell? I think U Dems set the precedent for secrets.
You go girl!!
What better way for the Russian corrupted GOP to harm Americans than to give a health bill that would harm and cause the death of Americans!
Since I was thrown off my HC because of Obamacare, does this mean I can get it back?
I ALREADY LOST MY HEALTH INSURANCE THANKS TO OBAMACARE! My premium went up over $300 more a month.  YOU don't mention the rise of cost!
LOST MY INS BECAUSE COULDN'T AFFORD THE PREMIUMS THAT WERE JACKED UP TO PAY FOR OTHERS INS!
They dont expect it-- as you know. They want to PREVENT it!
The dems fail to acknowledge that Obamacare and the rising premiums were doing the same thing.
They don't want to talk about it! They want to sweep it under the rug and ignore it! Doesn't fit their agenda of tax cuts.
Maybe if you shut up about Russia I am  paying  huge  prices  for chemo drugs. SHUT UP ABOUT RUSSIA
Can't believe people believe anything that comes out of this woman's mouth butt of course the lying left gets a free pass!
we didn't volunteer to subsidize others healthcare thru obamacare.
I always love the "throw people off healthcare". All these people forcing me to starvation when they don't let me steal food off their plate
likes
Ask my parents about the last 6 years under obama care, increase of 600 dollars for meds. Oh and my family premiums. Democrats did this!
You can't talk about anything that matters while you are LYING THROUGH YOUR TEETH! Go away Ms Warren.
KEEP  UP THE PRESSURE,,, U RIGHT ELIZABETH ,, WE THE PEOPLE NEEDS ALL ANSWERS... TRAMP DONT OWN ANYONE,, TELL IT THAT PLZ... TY E.W.
Keep it up Senator! You're amazing! We're behind you all the way!
PLEASE @SenWarren - run for president. In the meantime THANK YOU so much for kicking ass and taking names! We need more ppl like you!
you havde the audacity to complain like the fake indian when you passed ocare without reading. hyprocrite
And some of us cant get thru on phone to express our concern. Voicemail is always full.  They dont give a shit
Because they could give a shit about health care or anything else 4 the unwashed masses. They are toadies 2 the donor class & nothing more.
Why didn't you endorse Bernie? You gave the worst non answer EVER when Cenk asked you. We could be on our way to #SinglePayer #sellout
Go Lizzy go!
Give up your lifetime free healthcare an then you might have credibility as you pretend to care for the poor an middle class.

Universal Healthcare is NOT a Communist idea. We are the ONLY first-world nation without it. ALL other major Democracies have it. 

How many people would lose their coverage under #TrumpCare? How much would your premiums go up? Find out. https://ctt.ec/QBk0a+ 
@senateGOP don't give a hoot. They are more worried about making money how can they sleep at night especially @SpeakerRyan ,@SenateMajLdr ?
They dont Senator. Even I know that . Its a ruse a lawyers dodge a shell game. 3 card monty a ponzi scheme.  Ya dig ??
Remember Obamacare? All you "democrats" said we had to pass it to see what's in it! Well, time to do the same here! Can't be any worse!
You mean like you did with Obamacare? You mean like that? Guess you forgot how you rammed that horrible bill down our throats. #Remember
Take it 2 the GOP poles-
Don't ever stop, Senator Warren.  You are one of the few shining lights in our harbor.
They just expect you to talk about costs the way they want to talk about them, duh!
This is another lie ! Did you read ACA ! No !  Try the truth
They don't care if people die that's what the GOP PIGS want everyone to die. Next thing that will happen is concentration camps.
May not need those. #DonTCare & @POTUS's sadistic budget will take care of the weak & undesirable.
Shameful is an understatement
Is that even constitutional?? Can they hide bills with this amount of secrecy? This affects ALL Americans and only 13 people are in the know
Hillary was to take it to a one payor system but she had less personality than a 2x4 and lost the farm. Cross the isle, work for the people
OBAMACARE IS FAILING..IMPLODING, JUST AS IT WAS DESIGNED TO DO.  You are too smooth to not see this. Hillary was to take it to a one payer
Yesterday talking about Sessions, now prescription drugs, stay focused ur all over the place Liz
????
Hey chief how many people choose not to have healthcare under Ocare and how many will choose not to have healthcare if the new law passes
they really need to ellect new ppl from the left that dont look like they came from a loony tune wagon, i like to be a dem for a change
I said it, and I'll say it again, Health care needs to be a non profit.
People are already getting kicked off Failing ACA.
U CAN HELP WITH YOUR ANCESTORS AND HAVE YOUR TRIBAL MEDICINE MAN COME AND CURE THE ILL.OH ,SORRY FORGOT U LIED ABOUT BEING NATIVE AMERICAN.
At least they'll get to read this healthcare Bill. Obama Care worked for me... went from a nice $35 copay to a $5k deductible...
THE SAME PLACE YOUR LAST ONE WAS, WHEN PEOPLE WANTED TO KNOW WHAT IS IN IT. PELOSI; YOU VOTE FOR IT, THEN LOOK AT IT.
What do you have that's better?!?! Try to work with the GOP to do what's best for everyone. Obstruction is not productive!
You are gross
The Dems only use or purpose of hearing elements of the GOP plan is crucify every letter of it and letting MSM magnify exponentially.
I know I know but please don't put them off from a bill to reduce prescription drug costs!!!
No need to talk about it. They don't care who suffers. They have coverage that we pay for - they wont' pay for us. Corruption at it's best.
Kinda like how @TheDemocrats secretly wrote a plan that had to be passed to know what was in it #hypocrite
How about eliminating govt obstacles to private sector job creation!
if we all know about it, how is it a secret? How can we stop it is what's important.
Along with their not denouncing Sessions' stonewalling. Hypocritical shits, you would have been out for blood on a Dem
Haha secret plans? Did you not listen to the campaigns in 2010-2016?@SenWarren you are so out of touch it's comical? Been losing for 6yrs!
its sad to sick a sick delusion sociopath like sen warren not on her meds
Thank you.
Is it really a secret?
Colluder Mcconnell has also frozen out the News Media-Passed a bill where reports can't interview senators at the Capital-#NoTransparency
What are they hiding?-#CountrybeforeParty has been forgotten and the GOP is destroying us one bill at a time.
Then it's not a secret
I wish ObamaCare would have kicked me off.  I can't afford this shitty insurance.
Where the hell have you been? millions have already lost their healthcare because of #Obamacare
NEWS FLASH! Sessions exposes Trump for "OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!"
Who is getting thrown off what health care?
Remember your friend Pelosi said we must pass the bill then you can see it and read it so shut up
I agree thank you
How can you know what is in a document you admit you haven't seen? Why do you come to twitter to gin up fear? Are you a fear monger?
Thou shalt not kill. GOP healthcare legislation will kill. All senators take an oath to support and defend the Constitution as well.
Pocahontas the liar has two faces. One that takes big money from big pharma & one that pretends to care about citizens.
how do you expect to talk about college costs when you pocketed a quarter mil as a part time professor?
Because they just do not care and never have. They prefer to shout about non issues like burning the flag as it diverts from real issues
Keep pushing the UNaffordable health care act. Insurers are pulling out all over the country. It will die on it's own.
Why don't you ask your crony Hillary about prescriptions.
Hush
House snowflakes in fake Indian or spreading fake news term limits
You had your chance and screwed it up with Obama care. You have proven unqualified in decision making!
Will you push for #SinglePayer & #MedicareForAll ?
pot calling the kettle black huh. I didn't want the ACA and no one knew what was in it when y'all passed it. #snake
#DemandPublicHeaings #nonosmoveran
So if you abandon a sinking ship were thrown off the boat? #ObamacareFail #readitbeforeyouvoteforit
Idk, ask your corporate bff @HillaryClinton
No worries. You just have to pass the bill to know what's in it.
If it's a secret plan how do you know?
Disgusting. Senator Warren is so passionate but continues to encounter roadblocks.
@MariaBartiromo @Scavino45 U fools won't even try 2fix O-care~ppl dying cause U fixated on T45 destruction ~ feel proud
Everyone in D/C is a crook. They are only out for themselves.
Where was this outrage for Obamacare?

And it's not in secret if the Left were truly interested in repeal and replace.  

But your not!
TERM LIMITS 
