Get a clue!
It's the BBB - Billionaire Benefits Bill.
Obamacare kind of destroyed healthcare for millions..
What was the insurance cancellation rate before Obamacare? Pointless to give scary numbers in red without a baseline.
Yeah but Dems promised nobody would lose care and you can keep your doctor, two lies. Nobody was promising that before Obamacare. Simple.
Please do include the numbers from GOP controlled states who chose not to expand coverage under the ACA as a way of sabotaging the program.
Did it occur to you that some of the Dem controlled states did expand coverage, and the same problem remained?
That would not occur to a liberal. It requires a brain...
I'd need a more solid example than "some". As in actual numbers from the states that expanded as opposed to the states that refused to.
Who is dying .
Let's talk abt all the kick backs politicians r sucking out of the HC industry & pharisaical companies.The the fraud dems by not wking get $
You fix the lot of it with tort reform. Notice how thats not on the table? Its all about getting between you and your Dr. Thats all.
The biggest extortion ponsey scheme is Obamacare.u pay out the ass & never b able 2 afford to go to a doctor. Mandate is legalized extortion
@SenWarren how? Give an example of how this would happen. Explain it.
Obamacare WAS a disaster for ALL Americans and YOU voted for it. Why should we believe anything you say. #timetoretire #draintheswamp
Not true. Many people are alive because of the ACA providing affordable pre-existing care.  Don't make "ALL" statements -  not factual.
It fell apart like the paper it was written on in a rain storm.people expect all the free benefits that can't be paid for anymore. So all
NOT FREE JUST MADE THOSE OF U MAKING A LOT PAY YOUR FAIR SHARE.  POOR no longer paid MORE than the rest of us with Obamacare!
No, if that was the case Insurance companies wouldn't be dropping out like flies, it is/was a failure. The gov can't make Ins companies stay
Ins cos dropped out because they were in a power struggle w/govt.  They were still making millions! Greed & power r the issue, not the ACA
The insurance companies were getting tons of money funneled in insurance companies. That's the only way it worked for that moment
That's why it's falling apart. It's not affordable or good health care
Same crap different day 
ACA isn't a healthcare bill. Both are health insurance bills. We don't need health insurance, we need healthcare

@SenWarren @we_dems
A real healthcare bill would require the medical community to charge the same amount with/without insurance

@SenWarren @we_dems
A real healthcare bill would establish a single payer system.

A large part of healthcare expenses has to do with the cost of collections.
Coming from a socialist country where government is in charge of healthcare, NO!!!!!
My 33rd old son could no longer afford healthcare last year because of Obamacare  $600 a month for $5000 deductible plan
Not because of ACA. costs were rising since b4 the bill-astronomically.  It just became known when everyone had to get it.
You go ahead and tell yourself that if it makes you feel better.
Sounds a lot like the ACA. Forcing people to buy the products of the health insurance companies.
You are a patriot.
It is fairly typical in terms of GOP naming. Whatever they call the bill, they mean the opposite. Freedom? Not for you. Security? Nope...
Okay, Pocahontas. How's that teaching gig going? You teaching for free yet or still overcharging for your mindless drivel?
Just because people are on #Obamacare doesn't mean they're happy with it. Do you think people on heroine & crack are happy too? #AHCA #ACA
Sooo fix it
Both parties have been owned by the health care industry for ages. The industry's functioning defines the phrase #RacketeeringEnterprise.
That you either don't understand this #Fact or refuse to address it disqualifies you from commenting on the matter let alone holding office.
Anytime you'd like to be educated on the matter of #Monopoly in the health care system, I'd be happy to enlighten you.
You really have no excuse anymore, because the actual state of play regarding the health care industry is right before you.
Was there anything to that bunch of people, they would look how to reduce premiums and the other problems with that and stop the insults.

You have done nothing to help the poor except point your finger at the GOP!  Entitlements do not help!  Obamacare was one BIG LIE
Obamacare only works if you don't. 12K is what I have 2pay for deductible & premiums b4 I can even use it. Signed Single Working Woman
Yet obamacare forced us to buy insurance from private companies. Hypocrisy much?
I urge people to go read for themselves instead of blatantly listening to our governing officials. https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/115/hr1628/summary …
We did not "live good lives", according to Evil Mo Brooks!
shovel cash to the rich through a healthcare bill?  Maybe more people would listen to you if there was less hyperbole
But that isn't what it does. Learn to read. Better yet, learn to tell the truth about something. Anything.
You are insane... Fun watching
The ObamaDontCare act is a disaster! And you DemocRats running around pretending everything is okay! Wake up! You lost way before trump
My mothers living off the government covered 100% by Medicare.  on my fathers insurance 6k deductible, now I'm in debt cause of ER visit
Please run for the presidency- we need someone like you running this country.
@senwarren I'm not rich & cause of the current system I'm in debt.
Because of for-profit insurance companies who take control of our healthcare away from our doctors.
Shoveling cash to the rich guys is a Dem trick.  Keep pushing the Trump/Russia conspiracy.  Find nothing on Trump, Barry will end up jailed.
The only fare health care system for Americans is the very same policy that all of Congress gets.
Coming from same lady who didn't read Obamacare and pushed it anyways! Even though it's over priced, high deductible, it be fined.
. I read it. Many will. That's why you keep losing elections. People read more. Know more. Finding out you are liars. Not cool.
This was a RICHCARE bill - or a GOPdon'tCare bill.
What the hell does moving money, got to do with health care, your analogies, are senseless. Are you sure your a Senator.
Hey @senwarren, you wouldn't know a good health care bill if it bit you on your feather.
We have never had a health care bill- we have sick care.
Absense of illness isn't health.
That would be true but this isn't that
I just find it amusing how you pretend to care about the people.   You know full well that Obamacare has CRUSHED the middle class,
Yes Senator Warren. How long this BS will last. No one can't stop this madness?!
There shouldn't be a health care bill
That is want he wants !!! So important that he destroys tr he previous administration legacy
It's closer to being a health care bill than you are to being Native-American.
Sore looser
This is what a PRO Abortion, Pro Planned Parenthood and CRUCIFYING Christians and Catholics get you!
By taking away social safety net, the Clinton's "welfare reform" led to more people having abortions.
I Blame YOU Senator! If you Dems weren't so "ADDLE BRAINED" we wouldn't be in this predicament!
Actions have consequences , Senator, and they are called ELECTIONS!
If ACA is left on it's own, it will die by end of 2017 & no one will have coverage. Course, you would blame Trump for not doing something!
And you're a total LIAR without an ounce of credibility.... so please just go to your mansion and stop the pretense....
Obamacare: you can keep your doc, your plan, & save $2.5k per yr. All LIES. So why should we trust Dems? Plus, your party kills babies.
Neither was UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT All the UN-ACA is, is an ALYNSKI scheme to single payer socialist medicine.
#macronleaks
#cincodeMilo
@Lauren_Southern 
Ce que chaque fille française doit entendre avant de voter (15min, Eng)
#macronleaks
#cincodeMilo
@StefanMolyneux
Ce que chaque électeur en France doit envisager.
10min
(French Sub, 10min)
You're a fake Indian.
You're familiar with proverbial shovelling considering the bullshit you shovel daily.
And with Obamacare families will become wealthy and live longer?
@MAHAMOSA
YES!
But *OBAMACARE* DENYING MILLIONS HEALTHCARE TO ENRICH THE FEW (b/c #SinglePayer is "IMPOSSIBLE") is A-OK!
#GoLiz!
Letting billionaires, or anyone, keep THEIR OWN DAMN MONEY, isn't shoveling money at them. It's NOT your money!
I am so sick of you Leftists. Why can't you just leave us all the Hell alone! I'm a grownup; I don't need a nanny.
Hey faux Indian you have any idea how idiotic that statement http://is.You  insult real Americans with that silly gibberish.
You misspelled "Obamacare"
Amazing-Millionaires who became wealthy on govt salary always talking about 'The Rich'. BTW if OCare is so great why'd you EXEMPT YOURSELF?
Hysterical much?
If you like your doctor or provider you can keep it !  Lie! It's all lies ! You lie !
This is so lame Liz. I swear everything you complain about, you throw in the "benefits the rich" line. LMAO
I think #Fauxcahontas speak with #forkedtongue.

Shut up
Get back on your medication Pocahontas
My ancestors (on the right) thank you  for your bravery
How is it possible for a US Senator to continually lie so much? I guess if you have high Cheek bones you are allowed to lie with impunity
please stop with your nonsense. All you do is promote hate towards president and you provide nothing constructive to help us.
.Look Fauxahauntis, you didn't care when we lost our ins to pay for theirs but because y'all lost again your crying? #MedicaidPaysForThat
What a crock of sh*t u peddle. Does anyone believe ur baseless hate & fear mongering anymore?
You didn't seem to mind when Obamacare did that, but it's different now, right?
The ACA wasn't a healthcare bill either, SCOTUS appropriately called it the largest tax increase in US history, DC got richer.
FAKE NEWS LIZ!  STOP IT!
Squaw speakum with forked tongue
All right Sitting Bullcrap.

As a direct result of the Obama care BS act... we can no longer afford health coverage within our employer's capabilities... FACT, NOT MITH!
The Bill is not complete yet so what is she talking about.  Did she pay back the millions she got by pretending to be an Indian
Then how come under #Obamacare has destroyed healthcare for us Americans with less care and 5 thousand dollars deductibles never meet
Pocahontas you destroy brain cells every time you speak blah blah blah blah blah
What about all of the people currently losing there health care in many states that are on Obama care ? Nothing to say?
Due to the greed of ins cos.
#trumpDoesntCare Reform past by #gopDoesntGiveAShit repeal. 
As in their real oath they, do keep to Protect and Serve The Richest of People
And you and yours OWN the death of my father and excessive hardship put on my family with Obamacare.
Call it what it is.  Wealth Care.
I really wish you DEMS would say something that showed your outrage.  Are you outraged?  This pollyanna talk is weak.
We don't care what you think . After next year's election's you will be irrelevant!  Have fun selling cigars.
#VoteThemOut  AHCA = American Health Crime Act
AMEN!
So, we should wait till Ocare just evaporates while people die?
you are a sick puppy
I agree!¡!! Body bag companies are going to make billions!!!
sen. Warren when is the impeachment going to start the poor need a voice under trump they will die #impeach #treason #lockthemup
Fauxcahontas, Ocare wasn't a healthcare bill either. It was about control.
That good Elizabeth Warren
We have similar situ here in UK. Shocked by 'rape is a pre existing condition' in his bill though. GL in yr fight.
44 universal healthcare nations on earth now. Americans who are human must deserve a better healthcare like people in those nations. God WU?
Repeal Obamacare is a death penalty for low income & senior Americans. T majority of us think that is a gradual death & genocide in modern W
Republican Insurance Plan (RIP), because it will kill many Americans if it gets passed.  They are a sick lot, the GOP House.
so same as Ocare when it cancelled policies and kicked ppl off their insurance in 2010? lol.. wealth redistribution was backbone of ACA
Pls tell followers to go to https://www.healthreformvotes.org  to see how reps voted and let them know on line if they approve.  If not vote them out!
#warrenresign
like you have devastated politics and used them to shove money in your own pockets! #URpartoftheproblem #AHCA
Settle down Pocahontas. The Constitution doesn't give the federal government any role in health care.
Will my Post Traumatic Trump Syndrome be covered??
Another liar!Quit telling ppl what we have 2have&buy!Get out of R lives!Why did congress exempt itself?Have program 4 pre-exist-113,000 ppl!
Isn't naming AHCA a healthcare bill misrepresenting what it actually does? Isn't it dishonest? Another lie from GOP?
My favorite senator.@DonnaBrent10
Plus my $2,200 a month premium!!
Obamacare works bc of the wealthy paying taxes only they benefit from repeal how do they get to decide what's best for the 99% of us?
Ok then Warren then you ass can start paying My $15,600 deductible for Wife and I !!! Thanks Dem's!!!!!!! #termlimits
@SenWarren THEY RATHER PAY A 2O% HIGHER PREMIUM & CUT $880 MILLION FROM MEDICAID SO OBAMA BLACK FACE IS OUT & OFF THE AMERICA INFRASTRUCTURE
Shovel cash coming from a millionaire Democrat is priceless. You gave us collapsing Obamacare tax scam which put the majority on Medicaid!
Have you ever taken an economics course? You sound foolish.
Liar!
This is done going forward.  1.  Call your state senators tell them vote NO  2.  Vote these arrogant asses out!!  Ppl will vote accordingly.
Please shut up. You have no clue what your talking about. The health care system should've been left alone. It wasn't perfect but worked.
GOP takes the heal out of health care.  #not yhealthcare
trumpcare is uegentics in reserve.  #notmyhealthcare
Kinda like rich faux Indians like yourself? You are so out of touch. I'm ashamed that my family's from Worcester. You give Mass a bad name!
GOP's pro-choice and anti planned parenthood stance is blatant and unopologitic hypocrisy.
But that's what Obamacare was. The Rich being insurance companies. Both plans aren't great. We need a taxed single payer system. $50 a month

National Class Action Lawsuit!
This is what We The People... have lost with #Trumpcare #ImpeachTrump
Nobody cares what you have to say
Thank you Elizabeth Please consider running for president  (if there is an America left to govern )
Fight them Warren. Rally the troops in the Senate to ban this death sentence.
THE DNC IS SO CORRUPT OBAMACARE IS A CASH COW FOR THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY. YOU COULD HAVE PASSED MEDICARE w/ DENTAL FOR ALL IN 2008. BUT NO!!
You're right,but attacking Obama for getting paid shows no credibility. Has not president now,let him be happy. He gave us hope.
What good is insurance if no one will insure you? Most companies have pulled out because of Obamacare!  Leaving people no choices,
Talk that talk @SenWarren
All these "Christians" passed this bill.  WWJD.  Not this!  I can tell you that for sure.  Hypocrites...all of them.
It should be called #Republicare not trumpcare. That whole party has blood on their hands over this.
Neither is a law that destroys healthcare for millions to shovel cash to the government-which you voted for.
What rubbish.  How can you possibly defend Obamacare?  Why not stand up for the millions being hurt by this failed plan.  #blindeye
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor if you like your plan you can keep your plan deductible to go down by $2,500 per family bs
Republicans will pay at the ballot box!!!!
Obamacare is just that. An added forced tax.
Trumpcare=Unaffordable Care Act
#trumpdontcarebill
Your Obama care imposed an exorbitant tax on medical devices which drove up the cost of medical care without a sound reason.
Sanity is so refreshing. Thank you. Also, PLEASE run for President in 2020!
People are dying from Obamacare. Look it up. Life expectancy is down since 2010. No one can afford it.
GOP shouldn't have done anything and let ACA die a violent death on its own.
I want you to stay true to who you are, and I know you will, you're an amazing woman, and respectfully, I LOVE YOU TO PIECES :-) YOU Rock!
This is healthcare deregulation, not reform.
"U can keep your doctor and insurance plan right? - Aetna, Humana and Anthem have pulled out of O'care - U have zero credibility maam
Because ins cos wanted to have control not because of any good  reason.
Obamacare was a healthcare bill either why didn't you say something about that one?
This is pure meaness 1.01 @Trecanoe1 @NancySinatra @ananavarro @MiaFarrow @RVAwonk Check out @kylegriffin1's Tweet:
"This isn't the America that I love—The America that I love cares about my right to life."

—Emotional, powerful moment from @xeni on @MSNBC 
You people us every law, tax code, & now health care, to STEAL FROM HARD WORKING AMERICANS and give it away to your voters...
@realDonaldTrump Warren, Stop shoveling fairytales & misinformation!You need to be held accountable!
How can you possibly say that Elizabeth. #alternativehealthcare #fakebills
The obstructive pimps are all awake. This people are only about their power. They know Obamacare was collapsing, but won't tell you. Frauds
What it is, is a perfect example of an oxymoron.
#impeachTrumpnow
Amazing, the House just single-handedly gave Dems 18 and 20 in exchange for a 30 min attaboy plus made Obamacare more popular than ever.
The lies of the left. Just like when we could keep our doctor and insururer.
#WealthCareBill
It's murder
