That was back when Truth meant something
Obama imposed the immigration bans & deported more people than ever #truthhurts
@GracieMae71357 @DPAshby @SenWarren @Fusion it seems if a lying dem does it no problem.  If an upright republican does it riots
Beyond @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain what upright Republican is in office?
I'm sure you can figure it out
no he's not.  Review his civil work thru the years. We, Alabamians, are proud of him as are those that testified.
You stabbed Bernie in the back, Lizzy.  Bernie would have won.  Enjoy your Trump mess, you've earned it. #neverwarren
FRAUD & VANDAL Time 2 raise the bar for public servants. Crazy violent poorly educated kids protesting lack healthy role models.
Hillary was so dangerous she was going to go global to suit foreign donors at the risk of American lives
I admire your strength you are far above a senator what can Democrats  do as civilians (the people) for Democrats left in congres
Stop crying and come up with some Real Policies for the American People. Sessions did 10x more then you for Civil Rights
waheahwahGOPwhine whine can't take a little delay?
The point is it's not good for country GOP gave obama respect and approved 15 already the Dems need to except election already
Sorry but GOP r hypocrites. Said If HC won they "would vote down every Court nominee for 4 years."McCane now GOPwhines
That was before the Republican party was taken over by White Supremacists and Christian Fascists.
and you're so looney tunes you think you're Native American.
Where was this logic when you all invited torturer/rapist/murderer/kidnapper @DonnaHylton to headline the woman's march #sessions @SenWarren
I'm with you Senator Warren! You are very well liked in my community and Istand by you! Keep the fight going!#IMPEACH DJT
Why do you go back 30 years? Don't really have anything against him do you except smear campaign from civil rights years ago
#fakepocohontas ##unqualifiedsenator
@karatwrites are they going to reject it again? No cause republicans now are the worst :c
@JenNofrackjen so let's kill his nom. What Pence going to tie brake that one too?
Feel. Your. Prez candidacy. Slipping. Away.
you're pathetic
your words are empty pocahontas
you are so full of it.. that was proven wrong you are looking for attention to run for president  not going to happen
remember Bannon is dangerous too & needs Senate approval for sec council.Pls call for hearings! #bannon #resist #senatehearings
Hes in, you guys are to late, by tomorrow
Bannon has not had a Senate hearing. He cannot simply just be added, despite #trumperdink assertion.
wrong. RIGHT won. DEMONcrsts=rejected! You are not competent. Go Sessions!!! Turn over black genocide and put she devil in prison
Drain the swamp ! Hope you lose your senate seat ! Liar!!!!
Your election demonstrates the failure of the Massachusetts' educational system, your words and actions lack any COMMON sense
Thank you for everything you do! How are you going to get any Republicans to reject him? #stopsessions
Aint going to happen, He WILL be confirmed remember #electionshaveconsequences  We won U lost
Actually, just as with 'W', u didn't win. As with 'W', I'm sure we'll be at war soon.
Sounds like you secretly want war to prove some liberal view ,Good argument with"W" But #TrumpWON 306
I hate war, it only kills innocents & creates more enemies. Just know my history. #provemewrong
I also hate war, Trump has repeatedly stated his anti-war feelings, Forcing country's 2 westernize
Wait...are we talking about the same Trump? Anti-war feelings. Put the bong down.
#FACTS #EXAMPLES  or #GoAway
Sessions is the same racist he was 30+ years ago! Keep fighting and speaking up for the people! We need you!
and . . . Gorsuch was voted in UNANIMOUSLY!!!!!!!!
@PenielJoseph Key phrase. ...30 years ago. No victims, no votes for Dems, right?
FRIGHTENING-BUT WE CAN LET THAT GET US DOWN!
Poor Pocahontas...JEFF SESSIONS, US ATTY GENERAL
Hey Lizzy, You are so dangerous because your UnAmerican crazy batshit rhetoric, Some ppl actually believe your BS #SenSessions
Wow! 30 years ago! Is that around the time you were still in your teepee? You still smoking pipe I see
Sessions needs to be stopped
He will be confirmed by tomorrow,
Stop fucking @ ing me. Bad enough you do it but your deplorable followers do too. Fuck the fuck off.
Again, you are an example of the failed public education, four lettered words get you where honey?
You are a fucking egg with one follower. Fuck off.
I don't need any Lemmings, God bless you!
I don't need your Gods blessing. I wish you well.
Where was this logic when you all invited torturer/rapist/murderer/kidnapper @DonnaHylton to headline the women's march #sessions
He wants #SallyYates' vacated job. He'll do whatever Trump tells him to do even if it's illegal.
if it were ILLEGAL he couldn't do it, stop listening to fake news and look it up, it's legal
Get your facts straight. He desegregated AL schools. Has more integrity in his pinky than you do in your whole body.
And 30 years ago you were hunting buffalo with just your arrow and your hickory bow?
Bring back OL' HICKORY, he'd straighten these wrinkled panty bunch out quick!
Really? If we're to be judged on the basis of who disapproved of us 10min ago let alone 30 years ago, we're all in deep trouble.
Depends on the severity of the reason for disapproval.
indeed
Ben Carson, tho...
Yeah, I know. That one puzzles me, too. But Sessions and DeVos are more dangerous, I feel.
will they be there all 8 years?
I surely hope not. I don't give Trump 4 years, but who the hell knows.
American Presidents will be more like Trump this day forward.  Immigrants spread disease
What an awful, bigoted, uninformed thing to say.
see Washington Mumps cases.  Directly related to immigrants.
You've got to be out of your mind. Goodnight.
lets talk about YOUR PAST SHALL WE??? Your own state doesn't want YOU TO RUN AGAIN
@PcolaBucsfan @SenWarren I am happy to move foward but liverals have to ride in the back of the bus now.
Get over it lady
You the very best!
"You the very best"? Easy to see why you're a liberal.
you are the dangerously misguided one. Identity politics is dividing America. Thank God for president Trump.

@ndp409 Preach!
nutcase
dangerous.  LoL.  You're so funny.  How about looking at his record.  In like Flint
We need to focus on Russia & Trump ties That will make all the rest go away FOCUS ON THAT PLEASE!!
Love what you do give  fire whenever you can!!!
I am afraid we are walking toward a dictatorship!
It's not that complicated to get there!
@JohnFugelsang Warren would of made a great AG, FBI Director in 2016. How come no coverage John on UC Berkeley, welcome your view
what we're you lying about 30 years ago. Hmmm I wonder.
my how the #GOP have changed!  :(
@JBelcherZ4 Look in your hearts, GOP senators. Do what's right. Sessions isn't the man for this job.
madam I use the word loosely are the biggest danger & why I'm no longer a democrat
all because of something he said 30yrs ago. Havent you ever said aomething you regret? We as a nation forgive.#PeopleChange
Don't vote for him as you did for Carson after showing us what a fool he is.
they need to reject him again!!! More hate in there now than 30 yrs ago
He was too racist to be a judge but just racist.enough to be AG. God help our republic. Where are the impeachment papers? #resist
that was 30 years ago
and did all the Dems vote against his confirmation this time?
your support of Hillery was very dangerous to America.
Fix Congress Now http://boldtruth.com  tells how.
@voniaburrell97
@Sativa888 That was before the Republican Party had been hijacked by Martian zombies
Thirty years ago, Republicans to some extent had some sense of dignity
Wow! 30 yrs ago? Were you living in a teepee then Liz?
so what happened?
lady, you are truly one corrupt Native-American, oh wait, never mind, you not a Native-American, just corrupt.
30 Years Ago!  Enjoy Eternity in Hell Elizabeth Warren,John Fugelsang,Chuck Schumer,Barack Obama! Jeff is forgiven
@soonerdreams And he will make a great Trump puppet, or Trumpet. That was painfully obvious during his testimony. Pls stop him.
.@SenWarren 30 years ago? Weren't you rejected by the Cherokee tribe 240 moons ago? http://www.dailywire.com/news/7003/heres-everything-you-need-know-about-elizabeth-aaron-bandler … #pawpawshighcheekbones #grasping
I can guarantee that my friends, family and I will not be voting for you in 2018. I find your politics short sighted and harmful.
keep fighting !  We got your back ; will remember those that don't --> @timkaine @MarkWarner making me ashamed of being Virginian
Did that Senate have more integrity than this one?
@RandallGrahm I am so pissed at those who didn't  and the dems that voted trump. The Green Party for being just flat stupid
just goes to show you how crazy Republicans are now
Exactly.  This is scary & it's not America.
@wardports pocahontas needs to go back to the tribe. What an embarrassment to Congress
well good to know. thanks for letting him get approved.
@JohnFugelsang We all know by now, Senate Dems can't stop Sessions from passing. We also know some of you won't even try! 
-- now is the time to fight! No compromises.
@JohnFugelsang unfortunately Repubs 30 yrs ago were still sane
Why is Jeff Sessions dangerous? Sessions convicted and got the death penalty for a KKK members, so why's he dangerous?
Actually, he didn't. http://ln.is/www.theatlantic.com/qLnlc …
@JohnFugelsang Here's the thing, gerrymandering got us here, but it's no safety net. This bs keeps up, ppl will get truly violent
you're a Native American correct?
Et tu Senator? Ben Carson? Sad.
@NewYorkBoz  warren, what about that 1.3 million line of credit you got from BoA????
oh, dear, you want to talk lines of credit ?  Ask Trimp about German banks !!  
Did Trump release WH Aides?  Held them #hostage Isn't that a #crime ?
#fauxcahontas
And now he's there. What will you do?
@JohnFugelsang 

a nation rejected you
The Republican Party that rejected him is long, long gone. The contemporary GOP filled with guys like Sessions now
@JohnFugelsang STOP BEAUREGARD NOW!
Ok Chief.
but that was before "white supremacy" became "alt-right" and therefore, OK. Trump logic.
Why did you vote yes for ANY of Trump's cabinet picks?
I call on committee Democrats to boycott this vote. Don't let it go to the full Senate.
And AMERICA VOTED AGAINST YOU DURING THE LAST ELECTION, you nauseating LYING LOSER! Look into DOG CATCHING as your new job!
you lost. Sessions is in..
@PeoplesRebuttal you're  full of it. . WHAT'S  dangerous  about  Jeff?
Yeah, but unlike real Elephants these R forget... And quickly.
you are SO useless. When your voice could have mattered you were silent! You are #ThirdWay #DLC #DNC & no longer matter.
So why are democrats voting for these picks? I don't get it.
@POTUS How many years ago did you start lying about being a Native American? Irony.
We're not dealing with Republicans anymore. They've mutated into something else.
and @CoryBooker how will you get GOP senators to vote with you and block @SenatorSessions
aren't you that white senator who claimed she was Native American? Liars are dangerous.
@sherrilee7 these republican assholes are just like him, so much different results will happen this time
@Solutioneer72 Remember the future walks on the heels of the past
base on a lie that was exposed within days. #facts
And didn't Strom Thurmond himself vote against Sessions?
You & the rest of the Dems better oppose oppose oppose, learn from the people who keep kicking ya'lls ass, no more playing nice
what about all of trump's other nominees you confirmed? Were they not dangerous?!
I don't think he's dangerous, but I agree someone else should be nominated
show some respect for our new Attorney General
Feel better? Oh good because I have a secret for you--ready? Sessions will be confirmed and there is nothing you can do!
based on accusations later renounced, don't let truth get in way of agenda
@SheWhoVotes Ha! That was when the GOP believed in the USA. When it was country ABOVE party. Those days r gone for now....
@JeremyPond 

Thank you for your passionate messages in the Senate and everywhere!   You are appreciated!
@universe2519 Aparantly senatorial favoritism trumps smart
SO WHY IS THE REPUBLICAN-CONTROLLED SENATE OKAY WITH HIM THIS TIME AROUND??? Please stop them, Senator.
Ronald Reagan and Tipp O'Neal
@rac2750 He also put Russian Spy Carter Page into Trump's foreign policy team. Would be handy if the AG killed the Russia invest.
Now they won't even reject an unconstitutional admin running the country.
@SophiaBush That was before they found out that Hillary eats babies
I am so proud of the Democrats!  Resist!!!
Which means he's too liberal for today's GOP.
30YEARS AGO!!!!!!
you continue to rant and rave - you lost - get over it and try to work with the other side!
YOU AND YOUR TEAM LOST YOU DELUSIONAL UTOPIAN STOOGES DAMN RIGHT YOU'D THINK HE'S DANGEROUS YOU'RE A TRAITOR TO USA PRAISE TRUMP!
You're the dangerous one. If your partner in crime won you would have done everything in your power to oppress straight white men
@PiperPerabo dangerous how? You throw labels with nothing backing it up. Your arguments are empty.
And you voted for S2029 the law used in EO playing politics #treason
Dems, please take #thehighroad and confirm SCOTUS; #biggerfishtofry with Sessions and Devos, not to mention POTUS
And you lied about who you are
-The  I served is gone w/ this cabinet. Things will get 100x worse before they get better.  Home of the brave? We will see.
can you share what Democrats voted this monster in?
Yes, but Republicans then are roughly equivalent to Democrats nowadays. Now Republicans are vicious nationalists.
not surprising they don't remember their hypocrisy from 10 minutes ago, let alone 30 years....
Lieawatha Warren is so dangerous that only fools believe a word she screams.
THAT WAS WHEN CONGRESS GAVE A DAmm ANOUT THE LAWS!
well back then Republicans still had some values
the Repubs of today are not the sameas 30yrs ago. Today they are self-serving with no conscience.
So true.
not the same type of Republicans
Youre so GOOFY Nasty shyster greed shrill-voiced, that MA voters polled said u will lose 2018 midterm re-election

(BYE Felicia)
Felicia, 
Pocahontas,
Matoaka, 
 bye bye
A lot changes in 30 years. For example, back then you were an Indian.
tell me more about that 1.5 million you didn't disclose from one of those major banks you speak against
Liz,  that was biased on lies and you know it.  
sorry Betty...he's in
so when do the Trump supporters start wearing black shirts?
hardly any thing more dangerous than the division you seek fauxahontas. #ConfirmSessions #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
while I hope they will remember and do what is just, the last 2 weeks demonstrate otherwise. #keepfighting
Agreed.  Then WHY do you keep voting YES on their nominees? #VoteNOOnAllNominees  #ResistTrump
30 yrs ago senators showed human decency & displayed a sense of knowing right from wrong. Do NOT count on that now.
sessions scares th hell ota me. He hs lied abt evrytng.we dnt wnt tht.we wil vt all th out.Franken is telnTruth.out 4 hs own gn
Back when you were in your 40's...Grandma remembers too.
#Filibuster #fascism
don't you just love the childish come backs from the Trump fan club, nothing intelligent to say at all.
@DeityFree So you  are stepping up now but you voted for that nit wit Carson. Thought better of you.
you must be suffering from Alzheimer your party put up a liar on the stand and got found out
Republican was a different party back then.
@brennen632 That was 30 years ago!
Yes!  Please fight.
And the demarcates voted against women's rights how far do you want to go back
#pleasegodnoJeffSessions
TRY TO GET INTO THE PRESENT CENTURY.
then please rally support and make sure he doesn't get confirmed.
but he's changed.  He's way more rich now. #sessionsconfirmation
true, but unfortunately holds as much weight as Trump's "pussy-grabbing" statements 10+yrs ago.
@LandRover1015 it's time to stop pussyfooting around w/hearings & start impeachment. Trump needs to go. America demands it.
just say no to Jeff Sessions
#nojeffsessions please stop him
let's make sure he gets turned down. This Administration has enough racist people in it, Resist against all his races nominees.
@bkreit unfortunately he will be approved like DeVoss and Tillerson.
#realdonaldtrump come on sen warren facts just confuse the right
Yet you confirmed Ben Carson and Mad Dog Mattis! #Coward #FauxProgressive
@stacy_friday Those were better times, and a better Republican party. #NoFear #Resist
Keep playing to ur base with propaganda for political gain, ignoring  your duty to country This is why Trump elected & dems lost
