Hysterics, typical
Chris,my son requires a feeding tube, several medications that need to be compounded,&formula that costs 3k. He may lose it. Hysterics?
I didn't stutter.
Nice retort. I hope you are never in the predicament my family is in.
Are your medical bills being paid for by tax payers? Yes. Are mine ? No. So again if u are real take care of ur family.ill take care of mine
So,using your logic,if a child is born with a medical condition and the family can't afford to take care of him... tough shit?
I have no doubt your fake now. Good bye. You all say the EXACT same thing. Same words u r a bot!
You take that liar's word? How the hell does she know what's in the new plan? It hasn't been presented to anyone outside the committee.
We've been wowed by the admin's empathy 4 the poor..maybe DT won't show taxes bc he's too humble 2 display the billion$ he gives 2 charity
Like to see how much you give to charity. Do you do volunteer work?  Doubt it. BTW show us your tax records. Come miss tweet. Show us. MAGA
Ha ha, silly, I'm just this minute getting home from four hours volunteering in court. I'll show you my taxes when I become president.
Good for you on the volunteer front. I stand corrected. I volunteer at our local court house as well. Show your taxes I'll show mine.
Why do libs worry about taxes
Yeah? Why do they? They don't pay any. They just keep their handout from us.
The whole (original) idea of insurance is to spread the cost of something over a population that may be subject to that thing. ...
As such, each client should pay the statistical expected annual cost of that thing to the population. Most were originally coops, but ...
a private insurance co has a right to make a reasonable profit, so premiums should be a bit higher than that expectation, but ...
the co should NOT make a profit on every account. They lose on some, profit on others. If they profit on all, the premiums are too high.
In many cases, perhaps especially health, it is more efficient for the gov to do the mgmt than to try to reg private co's.
Repub's would rather let the insur co's gouge.
The government has done such a stellar job managing Social Security, the VA, Postal Service, etc. why wouldn't we do that?!?!? #Sarcasm
Plain EVIL
But she's ok with gutting babies out of their mamas....its not like she actually cares about them.
Democrats came to realize killing babies not only saves money, it makes money... lots and lots of money.  Warren loves money.
You are truly my hero and a huge influence to both my daughters. You have shown how important it is to educate themselves and self reliance.
Killing unborn babies is evil and you don't have a problem with that! Stop spreading lies Elizabeth Warren. #abortioniswrong
1.) All who have loved ones (or will have someday) in Nursing Homes, better start building an 'extra bedroom/bath' onto your home. Now!
2.) When GOP guts Medicaid, Nursing Homes across America will begin tossing old folks out, for non-payment. NursingHomes are not free stuff!
And outrageously expensive.  Again! $$  is the core problem. Nursing/Assisted living facilities are profit motivated or they wouldn't exist.
They'll go bankrupt!
This is about human rights. Republicans protect wealthiest at any cost. They r fine w/ genocide of our most vulnerable. Call it what it is.
Mean? Your kidding me, right? It's barbaric!!
Beyond mean. Unconscionable.
Leep speakong for us...we have very few people who will speak for us...you and bernie
I think you need a stronger word than mean
My friend Andrew is battling cancer right now; his insurance (blue cross/blue shield) just dropped him MID TREATMENT because ACHA is coming.
Can they do that before it's in place?
But yet your for the killing of children by funding planned parenthood "liberalism is a mental illness"
Fauxahantas and the dems are lying to you. Obamacare is failing, they had 8 years to fix it, 32 years fauxahantas has been there, blame her
She can kiss my ass
You sound like a complaining child.
Someone should shut this twit up!
Not mean. Evil. Despicable. Deplorable. Unforgivable.
It's not mean it is corrupt! Mean is calling someone ugly,fat, hysterical, what they are doing is murder,aiding and abetting, embezzlement.
Call #BillCassidy right now (202) 224-5824 I just did! Brennan is answering phone. He doesn't know if Bill has seen or read the bill.
Please run for president!!
You're mean #shutup
Rich white men in power committing genocide through healthcare cuts. This is being done with purpose. Call it what it is.
GOP Healthcare and it only took 8 years to write. Thank God they didn't hurry or a lot of people could have been hurt!
How much more will you donate this year?
Elizabeth Warren, no insurance company drops existing policy holders over preexisting conditions, it is not done.
You know NOTHING about nursing home Medicaid #youdontknowwhatyouaretalkingabout
And unGodly. Jesus ministed unto and fed the poor and children. Yes it is wrong to abort a baby & even more in human to deny the basic needs

No kidding, OMG!  Obama is still walking the streets free.  It's just MEAN I tell you.
Trump translation: Trumpcare bill is mean(t) to increase income health for the wealthy (+ drug & insurance comp donors). 

#AHCAKills 99%
Oh look, a picture of a rampant Communist... no surprise there.
That is a lie.... @RealDonad_Trump
Despicable.
Heartless, short-sighted, but most of all it's taxation without representation. GOP might want to review how that went over!
Pity the Billionaire?
The problem started because Obama got government involved with healthcare. The problem is no party is power forever. Not smart
Government was involved in Healthcare before Obama was
born and you don't hear anyone
complaining!
Mediscare and WelfareCare. Yeah but now they are really involved and policy is changing so stop complaining
Please don't tell more lies. Your constituents are tired of the the bs.
Please list the lies in this tweet. Did you read the CBO from the House? Probably not.
Sure did, and nothing is set in stone. there's no final product.
The president said it was mean. CBO gave it poor grades. Senate is hiding the product. Would you be concerned if u were me?
I too am concerned.  But, my problem is with Warren. She frequently tells half truths due to her hatred of Trump.
All politicians talk out both sides of their mouths. Warren is no different. I do think for the most part, she cares.
Coming from a woman who completely supports KILLING BABIES...??
Killing babies with public funds is "mean"
YOU ARE MAKING THIS UP... NONE OF THAT IS TRUE!!!! WHY ARE YOU LYEIN????
gutting because of illegal abortions - that is what you want isn't it?
Its also MURDER or GENOCIDE
Its also MURDER or GENOCIDE
better re-read that
Babies' healthcare? I thought your party just wants to kill the babies.
Lying is also mean #lieawatha. #youcankeepyourdoctor
It's not just mean, it's Criminal.
Don't have a baby if you can't fuck afford to take care of it!!! I.e. Medical care, food, shelter!!!!
#Trumpuncare
don't even go there they are all covered.Why didn't you use obamacare was it not good enough for you
I blame YOU for Trump.
Get the word out to the rest of the country! Resist! We've got your back, Senator!
It's time to drop Ins Cos! #Resist
How can you defend babies healthcare and in the same breath say it's ok to kill them?  Dems are demented.
I would go further & say it's reprehensible. It is demoralizing & infuriating how this bill is being managed and worse, justified
Baby killer
Whdy hsppened to @realDonaldTrump taking care of the vets?   He lied!   Sent my dad to a poophole to die.
They threw my dad out like he was a dog.  My brother passed away  & my dad was dealing with that.  The next day they kicked him out.
And he wants to sleep all of the time.They let his urine bag get so full, it burst. One vet didn't have his bandage changed for over a week.
The VA cut spending.  Took my 02-year old vet dad out of his nursing home of 3 years and put him in a disgusting home.  He is now confused.
p. s.  Recruit the best democratic senatorial candidate in Kentucky to beat McConnell in 2020.
"Please Lord... Let us win against "bitch" McConnell
More than mean. It's cruel, sadistic, immoral, selfish, satanic and just plain rotten proposed by cruel sadistic immoral selfish rotten men
It's much worse than "mean". We can live with "mean". Cutting health insurance to someone with cancer will literally kill them.
Now I'm horrified do u know if we still have to work that seems mean. How about paying a mortgage that seems mean. Oh college ed who is pay
I'm sorry but people like Warren always go to the extreme to scare those who don't bother to actually read the bill.
Calling it "Mean" is an understatement!! Try "HEARTLESS"!!!
From a friend
Worse than mean it is very evil!! I don't know how these people look in the mirror! Karma can be a bitch to these evil doers!
Beyond mean, it's UnAmerican!
Healthcare being a commodity is, imo, insane.
ITS INHUMAN  AND VERY trumpster  LIKE
Phony indian
Not mean, despicable
Welcome to Trump's America! Mean and rude is now the norm and 35% of the kook aid drinkers support him.
glad to know we're basing policies off politeness
You're face is mean. And this is #FakeNews #FakeIndian
and lethal. How many people must die before Republicans become mass murderers?
So get in there and help fix it!
WE CALL THE 11 #HIJACKERS FROM 911 TERRORIST THEY KILLED THOUSANDS  OF AMERICANS #REPUBLICANS  #HEALTHCARE BILL WILL KILL TENS OF THOUSANDS
You know what else is mean? Bombing families while they sleep in #Yemen  or endorsing Saudi arms dealers like @HillaryClinton
I want your health plan. #shutupliz
No disrespect Ms. Warren, but stop being so nice.  Even the wording in this statement is too nice.  Be agressive.  The buck stops w/you!
What's mean is posing as a Native American to get a job. #Pocahontas
How do you know what is being dropped..yelled it is hidden..unless you have xray vision...or your lying about it being hidden....stupid!
How do insurance companies get away with raising premiums yearly and decreasing coverage?
Visit any nursing home and convince me we are currently providing for our elderly.
Your mean!
It's worse than mean;it's unnecessary & backed by special interests groups.They r the "ROT" attached 2 our Congress &Presidency!!
Cutting services for disabled people is mean!
Blablabla.  I've done nothing since being in office
If you're so worried why you don't push for congress' health insurance for all americans? Or ACA for congress & gvmnt employees. #hypocrite
Trump lives on the plane E – G – O
I hope all the people who voted these assholes in contract some horrible fatal disease and are left defenseless by their own choices! #UGH
It's NOT mean...it's CRIMINAL! That's what murder is! I hate the Repugnantcons, their crooked, evil leader, & the incredibly stupid voters!
This is the result of you endorsing @HillaryClinton. We could be talking about President Sanders, but you and the DNC had to cheat.
It is in federal reg terms for Nursing Homes...egregious neglect with intent to harm. 
 Been in LTC 30+ years..This is heartless!
Mean? It's First Degree Murder. The motive: 
Reducing Liberty is mean. Destroying insurance markets is mean. Creating monstrous debt for next generation is mean.
a government that have to heart the problem that live in the normally life is a good state
@occupytheport. Mean doesn't cut it.  It's cruel, inhumane, and in the 21st Century, uncivilized.  Totally beyond the Pale.
The whole government is twisted.
Potus should bring to the ppl these liberals just want control
Geoff Diehl for senate
It's wrong not mean! Tell the people the truth!
And cruel, devestating, horrific, evil, careless, unbelievable, cunning, heartless, ignorant....need I go on?
Oh so worse than mean-inhuman!
Gutting baby parts is barbaric.
No Senator Warren it's pure & simple Murder It's expunging the masses without showers
Yep - so glad the ACA will be gone.  Killing people because they are old is un-American - thank God the ACA will be gone shortly.
This more then mean. It could mean the difference between life and death!!
Democrats keep losing elections. Is it possible the American people actually WANT to be raked over the coals?
And letting PP kill babies is immoral but you are a proud supporter of that
Always the same old story with leftists!
Medicaid should remain.
I really wish the Dems would come up with a plan to improve OC and present that to the public.  Anti-Trump platform is not enough for 2018!
You forgot the Disabled Trans,home, colored Jewish muslims that will DIE because of the bill. Your a joke start telling the truth 4 once
#TheResistance stands firm now. #WeThePeople say #NoAHCA!
It's unconscionable.   #NoACHA. #SaveACA
Neither one has happened. You are never serious. The problem is one of money and budget. You are just always out for political points. Sad.
Warren why do you continue to tell lies. This will not happen. Oh,I forgot,you lied to get into college. Another liberal clown.
Funding for babies...before or after they're aborted?
Thank you, as I suffer through I hope dearly others won't have too. Keep doing the right thing, it is so very appreciated.
Paying 30k a year with a 10k deductible is mean, the government being exempt from Obamacare is mean. Do your damn job and help fix it!
Faking your ancestry for political gain is mean. Misleading the American people every time You open your mouth is mean. #Mean
Do you have proof that that's what the new bill does,  have you read it or are you pulling these emotional statements out of your as s
Those big meanies.
OBAMACARE let everybody feed at the trough. Healthcare is the largest lobby and very effective OBAMA CARE and TRUMPCARE are proof of it.
Your screeching voice turns me off! Pocahontas, continue your war dance, dancing in circles! Your socialist agenda isn't wanted!
Your party is trying to take away our free speech and free thought.   Your party is violent!!  You support Antifa!
Lie, Lie, lie!    American people are waking up to your scare tactics
@PPact can't report profits of $127 million then ask for more taxpayer money... plain & simple. #DefundPP
Worse than mean, it should be considered a criminal offense!
Killing babies waiting to be born is mean too, just saying...
Giving ppl such high deductibles and high premiums that they need to beg w GoFundMe accounts to pay deductables if they get sick is mean.
Making the American people have to listen to your lies and hateful nasty rhetoric is mean and way old. But you won't stop.
Babies healthcare- babies who are growing in the womb?
Mean?  Are we dumbing down to kindergarten level politics so that you can relate to the uneducated?  That is educationalism racism...
Plz work with Republicans and FIGURE IT OUT. This is NOT ALL ABOUT YOU and YOUR AGENDA! Jeesh!!!
Obamacare cancelled ny dads catastrophic plan which covered his cancer treatments. Couldn't afford cheapest ocare option. Dead now.
Make all the noise you want Pocahontas Your days are numbered.
Can't we just have the same insurance that you senators have?
Killing babies is mean, but let's not talk about that.

Telling lies is meaner
So fear is your battle cry, you politicians make Americans sick.
Cancer doesn't discriminate. Supporters of this cut will have 1000s of voters affected.
Know what was really mean? Telling Americans we could "keep" our doctors and our premiums under #ACA would go down. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies.
I have insurance via my job, my premiums are now 22% of my gross & I had to change doctors too #ACA
I'm self employed. Premium up (on non-Cadillac plan), deductible up and my two main providers don't even take my insurance. #ObamacareFail
in a blue state, premiums 22% of my gross, had to changes Doctors too. Insurance rates always rise every year here #ACA
I totally agree! Until we get rid of Trump, all we can expect is the top 1% getting richer and more funding for the military.
#Trumpcare will kill people. @SenateMajLdr & his cabal of 13 are #vultures. #AHCA ensures that they will "Always Have Carrion Available"
So as you usually do, you are not willing to come up with better answers you just want to bitch about it. #youalwaysbitchwithnoresults
Wake up to reality. Carriers haven't dropped people with illness. That's yet another Dem scare tactic
#MedicareforAll #EndCitizensUnited #DemExit
welcome to the GOPs Vision......
You don't have to worry about Republican laws. They won't effect you anyway. The job of a (d) is beat Republicans and remove bad politicians
Mean? I think we can safely sharpen the rhetoric a bit, senator.
@DebbieMayf Is he touching medicare?
I'm looking forward to my preventable death in the coming years. hopefully.
Maybe if babies had a lobby...
Sorry, first thought that popped in my head was "Wouldn't that be the birth canal?" Or maybe that's more a foyer...
I don't think his supporters and voters care either!
So is killing babies before they even have a chance at life, Elizabeth.
Right what r u doing about it
But, as you know, that's not how the bill reads at all. Try being honest with your supporters, you may be pleasantly surprised.
How much money does @PPact donate to politics versus directly funding women's healthcare? I'll wait for your response. Thank you.
U libtards r so dramatic!!!
Is evil. I fixed it for you.
It's better than you dems wanting the taxpayers to fund your baby killing
What's really mean is having you actually represent a state. I think your days are numbered Pocahontas. #MAGA
You claiming to be Indian that's mean!  Taking someone else's aid for your benefit that's mean Pocahontas
Mean is what Republicans do best.
Received negative biopsy results. My 1st thought wasn't- yay no cancer! It was -thank god now that's not a pre exsisting condition. How sad
Mean. IT'S MEAN!!!  What is this, kindergarten?! #GrowUp #Unserious #Clueless
I believe in Karma.....
The gov. Has already started the process of v.a. care for all if your healthy your ok. If you're sick it's a coin toss. It's a lost cause.
Well, you have made plenty off of taxpayer dollars. So, why don't you do the Christlike thing and help some of them out of their plight.
