the three stoodges

Blablabla. You three should all run fir president
What a threesome - three of the most liberal leftist ideologues in our country.
And a collective IQ of less than 100


No thanks!!I would rather dive into a empty pool
Ouch!
Winkin, Blinkin and Nod.
Can't see for shit
Can't hear for shit
Can only talk shit
This sounds like something a fifth-grade kid would say, thinking he's a badass! You people in the WH act like morons.
jesus still loves you
Oh this should be good. A fake, a fraud, and an old fart walk into a bar..............
Thank you. Keep fighting. #SinglePayerNow
I support your strength Sen Elizabeth Warren bc I admire your tenacity to stand up alone if necessary to do the right thing every time, TY!
I just puked in my mouth.  Those 3 together are like the law firm of Dewey, Cheatum & Howe!
Peace
Yep.. you're in good company with the corrupt Maxine. She is by far the ultimate RACIST I have yet seen.. good company for you pocohauntis
That's a real cadre of talent 
And hopefully at voting time people will speak out against you and Maxine, err I mean to Wong Foo and pocahontas
#theYbetterdeal with losing more elections!
The three blind mice 
I just needed to tell you how much I admire you thanks for the share of interesting info i'll pass it along...
You lost
I heard you say you had been at the House on this.  Thanks.The justice system may be for all in criminal law, not in civil. Squeeze, squeeze
@askjillian @KABCRadio Sweetie, I would rather poke my ears out with an icepick than listen to you 3 nutbags. It was ok 4 Harry Reid
You should all get back on your meds
The 3 biggest nut jobs in Congress. UNITED!

Three moonbats
The Three Stooges!
Pocahantas knows everything.


The 3 Stooges ...
You broads need to go back home and stay in side and never come out this is why the muslin cover they broads in a berka and they can't do an
Three witches!
The three stooges are back!!
Right to sue instead of mandatory arbitration. It's the American way.
Ew. Please don’t align yourself with Pelosi. She’s the Mitch McConnell of the Democratic Party — pure evil.
Can't watch a trainwreck.  Instead, chlorinate the Swamp in 2018.
While you're on that subject, could you look into "non-compete" agreements that allow companies to trap employees in stagnant wages?
Wow trolls are on cyber freak out .   Must be worried about #resistance
Senator: I humbly implore you and Senator Sanders to take up the gauntlet and carry the political fight forward!
talk about a game of which one is more nuts!!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Three Stooges reunion  #TuesdayThoughts #RepealACA
You three? Larry, moe and curlie?
Three do-nothing http://clowns.You  are the poster children of the demise of tge Democratic party.

Turn up the machine

tweedle dee and and tweedle dumb at it again...
That is some collection.SMH.
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts kill the #ACA today
Now you lost all credibility.

What a gaggle of senile hens.


Yeah, align yourself with those two fools. #threestooges
Fund the Choice program
Can you list some of your actual accomplishments???other than nonstop complaining.
Yea you are!
You all are working very hard on all things that matter to the people..thank you all for your service.
Geezus. At least list the industry #lobbyists on your team - be honest.  @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters? I would keep these two a secret
3 winners! Just Like Sheep  following sheep  over the cliff.
Why would anyone listen to any of you. Always negative, always obstructionists, always hateful.
Obstructionist!
The Mon-stars
Thank you Ms Warren, pelosi and waters.  Many appreciate you. Thank you.
Huh! Peolsi thinks Bush is POTUS, Maxine thinks we bombed North Korea and Elizabeth thinks she's an Indian. Sounds like a #shitshow.
Lol classy leaders huh? What a joke!
Think I'll pass! Nothing you do is good for country. Tell OBAMA, Harvard and all of Pocahonta's relatives hello from all Americans!
Yep!You are! Lol  people of America are sick of Democrats,their tactics & policies. You've lost all 4 special elections since @POTUS elected
Freedom of contract is bedrock princple of US. Go away, nanny state. Free & plentiful goods and services result when contracting is free.
The three stooges
All three of you are just nuts!

the three stooges, no that's not nice to the stooges
If you are trying to defend it then it must be bad for the United States. Go away Pocahontas.
Term limits would take care of all three of you career politicians & many more. Time for new fresh ideas. No more of your tired nonsense.
Ug Facebook? 
@SenWarren Why leave 1/2 the population out? 
Smart people dont have Facebook & shouldnt be forced there to see speeches!
Go W/P/W I see Steve Bannon has taken the time to show his lack of scruples by posting in here. If anyone knows how to talk shit, it's him.
You're posting in here, whys it wrong for Bannon to post here? Grow up snowflake !
feel the need to defend him? you grow up
Steve Bannon needs no one to defend him!
My my what language!You seem 2 have double standards.Where have I heard that before & also language 2 match.Classy! Liberal? Progressive?
The Three Stooges
Stay focused and on point. The negative comments from the Anti American #CroMAGA show you are on track. @SenateGOP are at war with Liberty.
@POTUS political base will die off at the rate DJT is going protect the people from themselves. #TrumpCareKills
Hope u comb ur hair first?
Thank you Senators!
If these 3 r the best DEMS have America is in great shape. Liars stick together. #MAGA #DrainTheSewer.
Talk about the company you keep! These three together top all previous gatherings of idiots. #keepclear
Really, these are the best 3 you can find to speak out, seriously, do better. #stooges
Sen. Warren- get someone to repost this- too hard 2 get it to play as is bcuz you have to download facebook app. Etc...

One owns 4.3 million dollar home outside her district, 1 has demincia, 1 lied about being native American just for financial gain!
#ShePersisted
Ha ha ha, the three stooges.

I'd pay to see that freak show
The three most divisive women in American politics today.
Lol a group of hysterical wack jobs

The actual 3 stooges were smarter, better organized and more dignified than any 3 GOP congressmen or tRump supporters.
I love seeing you and Maxine mentioned in the same sentence.....Birds of a feather..
Crazy,delusional and the drunk
Huh !  The 3 stooges together again.
to hard to watch 3 “ladies” that should be in a mental institution
Pelosi should step down
Don't let these worthless GOP get away with this
We need you to fight and fight hard. This corrupt administration would gladly watch us burn to illicit tax cuts and hoard more wealth!
all three of you should be in jail with your criminal records! And self-enrichment!
Maybe focus on Health Care today??????

George Patton did that pose better.
The Three Stooges are speaking out against the GOP, gotta love it. 
Keep going Senators. Good work.
Now there is a line-up of idiots!
Obstruction. Suddenly it's fashionable again.
