Alexis Scott is one of almost 500,000 veterans who would lose Medicaid under the Senate bill. Share your story: https://handsoff.org/  
The story here is that once again you prove you are clueless. A vetreran has VA benefits which supercede Medicaid.

#TryAgain
#DemsAreIdiots
Why aren't you HELPING these #heros get the benefits they are entitled to instead of using them a political props?

@DemsAreEvil
She's trying.
You make my point.  We deserve experts, not pols who know nothing, 'trying' to solve probs they themselves created.

#CleanRepealObamacare
I agree.  What does a billionaire who sold steaks at an electronics store know about veteran care?
He doesn't.  Which is why he
1) gave them a choice to use VA or private
2) made it easier to fire incompetent people
He should do the same for the rest of the nation.  Add a public option to the ACA.
Gov't should be out of the H/C business.  Period.
I hope we get rid of the liars in the Senate. I think you know one. Here is a picture to remind you of who that is.
Name one honest person in the Senate.
I can name two liars in the Senate right off the bat. One stole valor and the other tried to defraud by claiming to be a Native American.
Tried to defraud whom, exactly?
Harvard Law School & U of Penn. Claimed to be a minority as in American Indian. No proof whatsoever. Says grandpa told me.
My grandmother told me I'm German.  Should I doubt her?  I don't think Warren actually benefited from her claim, but could be wrong.
Except she admitted she could not substantiate her Indian heritage. It did however, move her to the head of the line and she got the job.
HEY I LIVE IN KY AND WE HAVE SO MANY ROAD PROJECTS THAT TRUMP HAS GOT GOING NOT MUSLIM BARACK HUSSEIN
@Corinne0721 @TalkPoverty  We need more than hope.
That truly is a damn shame they fought and put their lives on the line for this country and this is how they are repaid
I'm 71 working full time can't quit have med issues uninsurable

You should give her FREE Ice Cream too I am sure she deserves it !

What about your Indian background LIAR
Whaa whaa. Like you give a rats ass
I don't know how you ever got to be a senator.
Why have you allowed our Veterans to get on Medicaid? You are terrible. Should protect our Vets.
That is disgusting! How could anyone in congress do that to someone who fought for their job.
They voted u on to "resist"?  That's disgusting
Then why aren't you helping???
Correct but u progressive libtardmods want just this exactly! But b warned no progressive ever ran the world not 1
2.  Anyone who has served our country should have healthcare for life, especially if congressmen get it for a two-year term!
1. Our service men and women should never have to take welfare.  We, the USA, needs to pay our service people good wages.
If they were not dishonorably discharged, they could get care from #VA. If they were, nobody cares cares
@TalkPoverty @MariaBartiromo U were letting VETS die everyday prior 2T45. Never cared or fought for them before T45. Ppl know
Not true you twit!
@SenateDems Can you also care about Americans hurt by Obamacare. Forgot, we are middle class so Dems don't care about us.
Why don't we all march to Wasgingtonand lock them all up. They can't battle 200m people
So typical of your lying propaganda
The scare tactics are out. Look up the Republican tweets of the people that are hurting.This fine citizen that needs Medicaid, will get help
Had a tough time listening to Bernie about our terrible healthcare. Was he complaining about the new plan or the current plan?
Absolutely! Thank you for continuing to fight for our veterans, Senator!
And republicans don't care. They pretend they do but don't. .@SenateGOP .@HouseGOP
Everything about this administration is ruthless.
There will be plenty of veterans waiting for medical care with your proposal to treat civilian victoms
SINGLE PAYER!!!
I really think that Trump should have just left Obamacare alone and let it crash and burn all by itself which it would have done!!
I want you to be my president
Save us from these people
Oh well too bad.  She can get a job and get insurance through employer.
Please continue the good fight.
Bullcrap Lizzie!
You don't need to happen.  You, Sanders and all the other libs pushing your socialist agenda just needs to disappear.
We want a full repeal of Obamacare!
Keep up the fight.
#SoTrue #GoElizabethWarren
Hey Lizzie stick to Massachusetts issues
Homeless camp in Tucson for veterans. The repeal of the AFA is really about the taxes to the rich. They don't want to pay taxes to help vets
ACA
Your a Buffoon. Try doing something productive or step aside you're nothing but an obstructionist
You turned the insurance industry into a gold mine, posted an illegal tax on everyone then stole from Freddy an Fannie to fund it. WTF
Libs you want single payer well the VA is single payer and it can't even seem to take care of this lady!! Think it will take care of 330 mil
GOP complains abt how BAD Obamacare is then throw the ppl that elected them under the bus,while retaining pristine health care 4 themselves!
Which means she can get treated faster and closer to her home. Miss Warren please invite me, a Vet to speak with you about this. #stop
Not only does she have the VA but due to our Presidents ability to take care of Vets, she has much more variety with Veterans choice
THIS IS CRAP!!!!! Medicaid doesn't have anything to do with her treatment. She sustained the injuries in service. She is taken care of
Wait if she's a vet why doesn't she get her care from the #VA?
Senator, if Alexis is a Veteran then she has the ability for medical if she uses all of her options. Don't twist the story
talk more about Wasserman Shultz and FBI and arrest of her IT and your It person

Either they have no plan or the plan has impacts. Which is it? Can't argue both sides. Truth (look it up) is that you don't know - why lie?
Can you explain how that would happen in detail. What part of the new plan would that Fall under. Please be specific
Keep cherry picking sob stories sugar.   The truth is we the people are tired of paying for all this stuff.
Please #SaveOurCare #preemie #PreexistingCondition
I believe our veterans deserve free healthcare for life. What do they need medicaid for? We should be paying for them!
@TalkPoverty Funny how when I look at the donor list just about everyone that supported the #ACA got $ from those who profited!
Thank you Senator for working for the people unlike some of your colleagues
@TalkPoverty Ur party passed this act without compromising an inch with the other side. Goes against everything USA stands for!
@GOPSenate @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain can keep their word and take action to support  troops,their families & vets. #VoteNo
Pocahontas, if the woman is a veteran, she can go to VA. All Vets can use VA.  Why don't u use Obamacare if u believe in it so much?
Elaine,how low do you go to call a Native American Pocahontas? They were here first & revered mother earth,they kept US pristine.
@TalkPoverty The only ones it will truly affect are the hospitals which will just write it off as a loss anyway.
GET A BETTER JOB. 
oh, uhhh that one usually works. 
mumblegodmumble
#prayersforhealthcare #prayTheSickAWay
Stop the propaganda!
Any comment on the DNC and Debbie W Shultz and her assistant issue???? Of course not 
@TalkPoverty don't give me that people will lose ins crap either.They'll do what they did before,go to the hospital and not pay 1
Heartbreaking and yet the battle cry for millions upon millions who WILL, make no mistake about it, be affected by a repeal of any kind
@TalkPoverty I could keep my insurance,lie! Premiums wouldn't go up,lie! Ur entitlements are violating my constitutional rights!
We are coming for you Elizabeth
Thank you for your service, for standing up and fighting for what is right for your citizen base. Keep working for us!
@TalkPoverty if u hear me and u're on my side repeal the #ACA! Thanks to u'r entitlements my ins went from 200 to 600 a month!
Thank you so much @SenWarren for your tireless efforts to protect America and our citizens.
@TalkPoverty Dances with donors,U're obviously NOT listening to the people because everybody from my area wants #ACA repealed!
Dances with Racist Comments, perhaps you weren't alive in 2008.  Healthcare was a mess, which is a big reason Obamacare happened.
I had good insurance at a fair price in 08! Now I'm getting raped! Oh, now it's the racist card!!
I have insurance at a fair price now.  What did you do wrong?  College got me a good job, AND taught me that racist comments are racist
Ummmmm....the VA is a lifetime benefit soooo. There's that
Sanders on healthcare live.
Is Alexis one of the hundreds of thousands of people Obama dumped on Medicaid that were never eligible 4 that as it was written into law ?
Wait this women is vet, ty so much 4 ur service, she has health care through vet administration rigjt?? Im confused.Liz have u helped the VA
You had 8 years to fix VA...why didn' t you?
Than start working w/ your colleges ma'am! Enough of your BS #Resistance !! LIVES ARE AT STAKE MA'AM, GROW UP!!! MORE BIPARTISENSHIP LESS BS
This is what happens when u listen to trumps lip service instead of paying attn to what he is doing. Trump needs to be stopped at all cost
You and your fellow dems did nothing for Vets. It will change now that Trump is in office
This is more distraction, intended to obfuscate and confuse.
Yes - this is insane.
The mandate and reining in corporate profit expectations are key. The $ has to come from somewhere.
Please fight harder than ever today. You rock!
Warren it is SICK the way you use American citizens as political pawns to push your terrible agenda
I've shared my story of unaffordable ACA and you don't listen so shut up
Can someone plz tell me what the REAL possible outcomes are? Somewhere between "millions will die" and "O'care will bankrupt the nation..."
Listen to Both sides. Fox News will tell you stuff that Dems don't want you to know and CNN will tell u things Repubs don't want u to know!
@GOP @SenateGOP #KillTheBillDontKillUs #TheResistance
Warren & Schumer HAVE NO CLUE WHATS IN THE BILL!!! Warren & Schumer are lying! They know their constituents are UNINFORMED!!
Big Chief Shoveling Bull campaign slogan - 'A medicine man in every teepee' 
With tax credits,& premium support  buy private market insurance,with greater chance of positive health outcome,Medicaid outcomes= uninsured
Fully half (if not more) of this country couldn't care less about women's health, unless the woman is Black. Then they'd care less. Sadly.
Show us the proof
Why don't the Democrats try to repair the obviously broken ACA instead of complaining incessantly???
You could just as easily put the burden to fix the ACA on the repubs - whom curr. have a majority in gov. - instead of making things worse.
 am praying for these wonderful service ppl  Senator there is a very bad taste In my mouth. Am hoping the same thing as yourself
Repeal Obamacare .
If not if we have to be on Obamacare so will you
CALL YOUR SENATOR They are taking healthcare from vets. Demand an end to cruel #TrumpCare
#Republican Monsters
Trump & the Swamp r trying to destroy the True America ! It's criminal.
Lizzy Warren took an axe and gave our rights forty whacks. When she seen what she had done . . Oh you know the rest.
Love ya in Maine Lizzy!
Liar
Who the hell would want Medicaid?
Ppl like me. Maimed by a bad surgeon. No job. No income. I thought amputation might stop the pain. No way to get to another doctor's help.
When do you pick yourself up and move on and take care of yourself?  Never?
As soon as I get a wheelchair, car to accommodate wheelchair, and a new job. Not in my area.
Medicaid is for Americans like you. You're trying to get off which is very admirable
Don't they already qualify for Tricare? More hyperbole from Sen Warren?
Hope?  Make things work!  Make congress be recipients of same healthcare!  Changes everything!!!
If you're interested in earning from home, check out http://ezhomecash.com  . We've tested the apps so you don't have to!
Nobody can afford obamacare. It's wrong to force people into bankruptcy so your voters can get free stuff.
Fix VA and that 500,000 problem goes away
The Only #FakeNews is #FoxAndFriends, constantly spitting out biased propaganda. They're payed off to do so.
Really, seems like CNN just fired 3 people for reporting lies, not to mention how many of their stories has been retracted. Liberals
Hope is such a weak verb. Like "pray"
Not a strong tweet from a US senator.
You lie.  Trump is the most pro veteran pres we've ever had. You are as fake as #FakeNews
Any real news to report on Debbie Wasserman Schultz? Have you heard the latest? Watch @OutnumberedFNC
No, it doesn't need to happen. I'm calling my reps now, on the #5Calls app. Pls everyone give it a try. It's easy. Usu u luv voicemail.TY
.@SenWarren Please help us all now Elizabeth, we need you, please do not let us down. Go fight for us all. #HealthcareBill #health
My Precious Granddaughter has CP. She will lose her aide that assist her at school. She can't walk without assist. That means bathroom
And getting to cafeteria. There R many other areas that she needs help with. Her Rehab, her Meds,etc. Anyone who takes her care is in-human
She goes to regular school. Is an Honor Student. She deserves the RIGHT to achieve all she can. She is very smart. Don't let her down.
LOCAL gov't is responsible for that.  It's called accommodation and law REQUIRES they provide it.  You're a political pawn but don't know it
Who the hell do you think that State's get their funding from?
Same place every gov't entity get's their money - taxpayers like you.  Did you not know this?
Woo hoo! What a way to celebrate American Heroes Week.
Cut the healthcare.
i keep saying @realDonaldTrump and the GOP don't care a lick. Is all part of turning the US into a 3rd world Banana Republic. Cheap labor.
Obamacare was imperfect and inconsistent with the needs of everyone. It's not the ideal healthcare. But poor healthcare is better than none
I am a Marine vet & have both VA & work health insurance & have a household income in top 10%, I say universal healthcare is a human right.
Stop with the hope and do your duty to all of us.  They did their duty and HOPED to stay alive.  Your JOB is to ensure we're all safe.
Vote yes on Medicare for ALL!!! If skinny passes--Vote-O-Rama!!
#SaveOurHealthcare
I guess you shouldn't have passed the shitty ACA Liar Liz.
Why do you lie?  She wasn't in Congress until 2013.
thank you @SenWarren for the fight that you have waged on behalf of us all. It is very much appreciated by this constituent in MA.
+1
Demagoguery
None of this needs to happen, and I hope it doesn’t. https://twitter.com/TalkPoverty/status/889842785993490433 …
Well waitaminute-- don't they qualify for VA benefits and care?
Yep. If she's a "Veteran" then she gets VA. Why do veterans need Medicaid. Trump is actually boosting VA care.

UPDATE FOR CALLS: skinny now includes "1332 waivers." DC speak for letting states waive essential health benefits. Aka insurance gets worse. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/890595703885635584 …
It's beyond frustrating when you happily bust your butt to help people as a HCW and the GOP is doing their best to make that impossible.
we want the same FREE healthcare YOU HAVE, Senator, FOR LIFE!
no thanks. I am pointing out the hypocrisy that senators are fighting over a healthcare bill they don't give a shit abt bc theirs is FREE
Can HC. Heart pains, dr's appt, heart dr's appt only $ needed is for parking. That's how gov't Health Care wks in Canada.
That's how healthcare works in almost ALL western Countries. The template is out there, yet our. @SenateGOP couldn't give a single shit. SAD
Did you ever ask yourself why people from Canada and Europe come here for the medical care get your facts straight their systems suck
I lived in Europe. Have friends/relatives in both EU and Canada. System is flawed for sure, what we have sucks. 
Get your reality straight

