Corporate executives need to know they’ll be held personally accountable just like anybody else. Otherwise, the consumer scams won’t stop.
While you're at it, can you please get someone to give Cramer a crash course on macroeconomics? That guy really makes a mess of things...
Oh my god
The government is inept.  Warren is a classic example.
Please do! I am one who is suffering from it. Worked hard, paid my bills, and now someone charging stuff in my name! Go after them hard, pls
Thank You, Elizabeth.
However, "seeking" and "getting" are vastly different in the end.
Good morning, Senator Warren. How may I track your Equifax bill online?
.  You go, girl! I really wish Sen Warren were POTUS!!!!
@SenWarren @equifax.com/scan you can see if yur info on dark web. Then they charge subscription 4 protection fm their criminal negligence.
It took me a week before I could successfully freeze my credit at equifax and they will not freeze my childrens' credit!
Have any wellsfargo executive been indicted for this massive crime?
Why isn't Cramer in prison?
Where were you BEFORE the emergency? This is the second serious breach this year.
She's the one who sponsored the consumer protection agency that was gutted.  That's where she was.
Okay. They did a bad thing. Hold them accountable. It is NOT the priority. Static SSNs don't make any sense in 2017. We should overhaul now.
Perhaps, SS shouldn't Be static. How should they be accountable. I say jail time and forced to close.
I actually think their customers (banks) should be liable given consumer don't give direct consent. It's the only way to drive self-policing
Do yor job don't tell us till its done      .Talk with fork tongue
Thank you!
@SenWarren can you please work on legislation that makes it's easier to get a new ssn if ones data might be compromised...aka equifax
Does that mean you're going to talk tough in front on the cameras and then do nothing?
Thanks
But warning if corporations are not people how can They be held liable for anything
Perhaps this could help ?
Bring them into compliance--for our protection, rather thN their profits!!!
I am one of the victims of Wells Fargo Fraud. My safety deposit was compromised a month ago and there is no outcome from the bank officials.
I want to research your concern further, but need more info. Please reply with more details about the matter (no acct #). ^TL
Get some accountability in the drug lab scandals. @Steward RN wives of officers allowed to visibly alter medical records to save hubby's job
Should banks who provided Equifax also be considered liable for the breach? Consumers don't choose to work with Equifax, banks/lenders do.
God I love @SenWarren. This is leadership
Find it hard to believe the answer to every thing that comes up is a new law. No laws already cover mishandling/ gross negligence of info?
how about some accountability from our government? Deal with that first. That's your job.
Thank you so much from Northern California
Thank you!  You will probably anger the same people as you did before! Why are these corporations still in business! Fraud/lies= jail!!!
SENATOR I HAVE BEEN WRIGHT ABOUT EVERYTHING!
SENATOR A LOT OF CORPORATE TWEETS LIKE POLAND SPRING !MCDONALD'S; MANY BANKS ;A LOT OF THEM ARE IN ON THIS LOT'S OF TRAITORS!
I wouldn’t expect anything different from you. You go girl!
Do we need three credit reporting agencies? Equifax was the worst for security and apparently ethics, why do we need 3?
what about some jail terms for a change
What are you doing on that TV?
This woman is fantastic - once the fire is put out she shows up with a fire extinguisher!
Don't take NO for an answer.
Go get em Senator. We know how to be better than this!
YEAH!!!
Aren’t Wells investment and commercial banks already separate ?
Again, you stated that you've known about this for years. Years! Why now, Chief?
Give them hell Senator Warren. You stand way above many of your colleagues.
Resign?  They should go to jail!
add drug tests for CEOs and their boards of directors!
Stand up for us who the Equifaxes should have to get permission from and pay to use our information!
We need a HIPAA for private info.
And yet you believe in no accountability for government spending. Spending money you don't have. The credit score should be like 410.
You should be fighting for us why are they selling our info and making money on it it is our info we should give our ok and be pd for it.
I just spent all evening checking all three bureaus that I'm signed up with.  Changing passwords and security questions on credit cards, etc
Everyone needs to do the same.  See http://ClarkHoward.com  for great information on how to help yourself protect your $$
@SenWarren can we expect the same from US senate that you want from private companies do there job honestly and answer to shareholders us
To bad you don't the same with tax dollars.
You might want to check this out. https://twitter.com/madcapocelot/status/910533555494760449 …
They should be shut down. Breach terrible but having personal info accessible in one location,  unencrypted inexcusable and inexplicable.
Totally agree!
"sought" not "achieved"
For once I agree with you. The Equifax execs obviously participated in insider trading and should not profit from this fiasco.
Says the woman who just met with jp morgan
How many Wells Fargo Executives have been prosecuted to date? TALK, TALK, TALK!
You're a hypocrite because you aren't held accountable for your fraud. Chief sitting bullshit
Pocahontas talking accountability. Now that is funny 
Thank you. The breach is outrageous.
When are you officially retiring? It's long due
Sit down and shut up!
I didn't watch the clip, but what accountability happened to wells Fargo? R'nt they back in the news cuz the screwed people again?
Wells Fargo should be taken over and disbanded and too big to fail banks should be broken up.
You won't find anything. I already did. She is the real deal.
Thank you. Deeply appreciate your work.
Americans can't believe a word you say. You are a liar. What the hell have you ever done for your citizens. Who got punished at Wells Fargo?
If you lived in MA you'd know. Complain to your own senators. It takes a village.
What you said was #corps should be held accountable yet #congress/#senate never work together 4 all America. Work together do your job!
I want gov accountability.  Clapper lying to the public, Lois Lerner taking the 5th, NSA being used to spy on political opponents, tarmac mt
Like UR SWORN DUTY 2 UPHOLD OUR LAWS? ALL OF THEM INCL IMMIGRATION & NOT COMMITTING TREASON AGAINST USA. I DOUBT IT. U LOVE BEING A TRAITOR.
with perhaps some results this time?
I love you
With all respect, wouldn't fixing problems BEFORE they occur be a better strategy?
Your talking to a politician here.. it's much better for reelection if she can make them the bad guy and her the hero.. dem, rep and ind.
NO Security in America! LOOTER$$$$ FRAUDER$$$ are running away w/Bank accounts, Property, EVERYTHING! Texas Rangers Needed+STOP CORP
Jim is part of the problem.
FCC is NOT DOing their JOB! Corp. America is a BS Facemask for FRAUDonSteriods; (TexasRangers Needed)No Responsibility!MUST ShutDOWN CORPBS!
And a hefty donation I bet?
Why did you vote for more war? no more donations from me to you
#FakeIndian: You'd have some iota of cred if you didn't let #CrookedCramer interview you.
Why is he yelling?
He always yells.  You should see him after he's had coffee.
Go get them. #TheFutureisFemale
What about all the other big bank crimes? I can send you a list.
