@SenWarren Equifax has issued revision
Still false.

(see here for why it was never correct to begin with https://twitter.com/jeffreynye/status/906188185797107712 …)
Lang: In response to consumer inquiries, we have made it clear that the arbitration clause and class action
BS! We need to stop allowing greedy corporations to screw us.
Elizabeth Warren lives in a tee pee
THAT SEEMS LIKE COERCION. ILLEGAL?
Hey @Equifax  I have not waived my rights can't wait for lawsuit 
Thanks for this info. Of course these jack holes are doing this.
Thank you for this information!
There is a president that people can't give up rights, and that any contract doing so is invalid.
Although I would prefer that to be the case here, arbitration agreements have been upheld under certain conditions.
What is your view of the responsible time for them to provide me with arbitration, before they relinquish this option?
Arbitration heavily favors EFX. I look forward to them bearing the full brunt of successful class action lawsuits.
@Equifax I demand individual arbitration within the next 90 days!!!
ummm no.  You have little chance of winning against a kajillion$ company with individual arbitration.  They will stall u into bankruptcy.
Someone needs to examine stock trades by executives in the weeks they knew of hack but didn't disclose it to public.
What bill do we push for if we don't want corporations harvesting our data & numerically rating us without our consent for monetary gains?
Use cash. It's a new thing . . .
If you pay in cash, that does not prevent your payment from being reported to credit agencies. 
True. But it does keep your other data out of the loop. Small comfort, I guess.
I agree with you, though, that many don't think about cash as a payment method often enough.
Going to consolidate all digital payments through credit union (1 to ) and increase where I spend cash. No need to use card for groceries.
Have been spammed since early summer w private callers asking my name. Found about @Equifax did, checked w them, and my data WAS stolen. 1/2
I froze my credit history through @Experian yesterday morning. U know how many calls I got after? None. Don't take @Equifax offer. 2/2
Bonus: why would anyone trust @Equifax with protecting our data after the fact? Class action lawsuits is the only way to go.
California already has these kinds of clauses all over the place, yeah? Including our health insurance?
Equifax protection plan is good for one year while the threat using my personal information continues for the rest of my life! Sue Equifax!
Another piss on the Consumer!
Using credit score for employment is discriminatory period.
If that were true, you would be right. All 3 major credit bureaus have gone on record to indicate that credit reports NOT scores are used.
Liarwatha see if u can do a rain dance on their parade?
EFX makes $ on my data. Data that I never gave them. EFX gets robbed & wants to hold me hostage. FU EFX. Time for you to go bankrupt!
fake indian !
We need a LAW requiring any Co hacked to notify for FREE those affected by their breach. Equifax waited way to long to come clean. #CFPC

#Classaction all the way! Why would anyone trust #Equifax to choose an ID company and give another #scammer my info? NO #arbitration! !
Let's get rid of "credit scoring" altogether. Another day, another rich, white dude power trip.
Except ignoring credit caused the housing crash. There's that.
Equifax, Expedia and other credit check companies are  thieves, who prey on the bank's need to know more about you
This is the time to get rid of these leeches 
And charging for a security freeze! 
SENATOR IF IT IS TROUGH A FAULT OF THEIR OWN !THEY SHOULD MAKE EFFORTS TO HELP ALL THOSE POSSIBLE THAT ARE EFFECTED!
I have a great idea!  Let's do some Tort Reform™!  Down with crushing regulations!  THAT WILL SURELY SAVE US! 
How do I join?
If we signed up already, how do we cancel?
I sure would like to know if I was compromised, but I WILL NOT give up my rights, when they are in the wrong! What do consumers do now????
I never signed this, nor did I ever give permission for Equifax to collect my credit data and sell it to anyone (nor have it stolen).
Other day checked to see if affected, it said yes. Don't want to give up my rights (hope I didn't by checking) What should next step be?
We are not customers... Why do these 3 credit rating companies are allowed to keep our information without consent?
This is very valuable information. The long-term impact of this data breach may not surface for 3 or 5 years, especially if state sponsored.
This is wrong.
Oh WOW! Thank you! I may change my mind
I didn't feel like I had much choice. I wanted the protection so I signed in a panic. Now I have buyers' remorse.
US Navy ships colliding = Admiral out of a job. Equifax damaging millions = top brass needs to GO. All of them -- OUT. Resign immediately!
Do you have a recommendation?
@Rofowojr that's messed up
#TheDevilIsALiar.
Too late for future protection if your data is gone. Not too late to go after execs who used insider knowledge for self enrichment.
So @Equifax has our vital data, lets it be compromised, fails to tell us for weeks, now wants to monitor our data with no consequences.
Ha! No thank you
RR & EW - Alerting the consumer of this sort of scam is EXACTLY what has made Americans thankful for your service.
They get hacked and we need to pay fir protection from thier hack?   Is that what I get from this?  If so what a racket maybe rico act?
Equifax, I have a better idea… How about we all Sue the hell out of you, put you out of business, and put your executive officers in jail.
Got my credit freezes on, but did you see how bad Equifax's PIN number protocol is?
why exactly do we have to purchase credit protection when these companies collect our information without our knowing consent to begin with?
True when written. But yesterday NY atty general said "language is unacceptable and unenforceable." Staff called. Now website changed. 1/2
Fuck the credit industry. Cash is king.
.@Equifax should be dissolved for their blatant disregard for consumer protection

At this point, why would anyone want credit protection from Equifax, the company that was hacked??
They changed that.
You don't have to use their product dimwit.  There are other credit companies.  But you know that Pocahontas
Give the full document. This could be from anything.
No shit, Sherlock.
Use someone else's credit protection product. Look at Lifelock and Experian.
They should be compelled to send notifications to those who's info has been compromised.
These credit bureaus do more harm than good.
Why aren't they sitting in front of you? Pull their Incorporated status and protections.
What? Here I am evacuating #HurricaneIrma & I didn't have time to read fine print. Please protect us @SenWarren! I don't have time for this
Isn't that how all of corporate Amerikkkur operates? Profit b4 people
. The company should be sued.
Isn't there some sort of conflict that they're using their own monitoring company & once we enroll, they will eventually charge us $$?
Kind of shady that 1/2 of country is told we need to enroll for them to monitor our credit, but in 12 months they'll quietly start taking $.
Checked family members info last night 2 came up as likely to have had our info stolen I AM ANGRY I say get protection elsewhere and SUE
Credit protection product - like what they were meant to do but failed. Should be out.
WhitePRIVILEGallowed them to sale their shares before the news broke to investors.White collar,white privileged criminal wallstreet norms.
Pretty sure all corporations have this in their terms.
That's just terrible..But do we know if there will be class action against them? Haven't heard anything
Say no
Thank you, Elizabeth warren!
If there ever was an ideal example of the inherent security risk of centralized data controllers it's this.Perfect argument for Blockchain.
Bull crap!  They dropped the ball,
Sounds like extorsion to me
#DACA Congress needs to do their JOB and PASS a bipartisan bill that HELPS Illegal Immigrants, FAIR to Legal Immigrants and to Americans.
Why is that legal?
Get lifelock and then join the class action
@veggie64_leslie @Equifax 
This has been a corporate trend for years now....
@Kansasgirl1971 I told dad about this before I knew what the contract said to make sure you don't sign up for the credit protection. 
I already saw an article saying to not do it. Sounds like a really twisted way to make $. Just as crooked as having your info hacked! #greed
Web site says arbitration waiver does not apply to those affected by the breach
If only we elected people to make laws that product consumers from the malicious conduct of large corporations...
Well fuck.
It's not much protection if the officers are allowing hacking & cashing out before admitting it.
Mandatory arbitration shd be illegal. Arbitrators are "unbiased" because both parties pay, but only the big corp will be a return customer.
Arbitration is a private institution, not government, so they are paid by litigants. Will favor the ones who pay the most.
Why not make this illegal?
The govt is forcing companies not to use end-to-end encryption which is the whole reason we're in this mess. Gtf out of the way.
Awful'
Wow
That's not legal, is it?
@Equifax must not be a donor of yours.
F off Fauxcahontis
Yeah, don't miss out on your chance for $27.89 while the class action lawyers reap millions. Thanks!
Please stop them. I had the same thing happen with Experian two years ago. These companies just don't care
Who would want to sign up with them now.
Well, we live in USA where we are not proteted from #GreedyCorporations or the #GOP
ARE THERE ANY ADVOCATES FOR THE COMMON CITIZENS? Anyone?
Can someone do something about this?
And if we don't? That's my personal info and my money you're messing with Equifax. Sic 'em Senator!
I'm opening a restaurant where, when you walk in, you sign a waiver where you give up your right to sue for food poisoning. Should be a hit.
How corrupt!
Why would we trust #Equifax's credit protection product?!? - They just left everyone's #data out where thieves got it!  Are they on crack?
U R great at bringing attention to many issues in America. Why don't U resolve a few? Then find a "UNITING" theme to fight for!
I have a sneaking suspicion that this clause will be nullified as unconscionable. @Equifax prepare for war.
I don't want anything from Equifax
So I submit my last name and SSN do I waive my collective action rights? Or does that waiver not come until the follow-up date equifax gave?
Equifax has never cared for its individual consumers their current action in line with their corporate mission
Thanks, Liz. We have the right to know.
Next week Trump's Russians will hack the other bureaus (maybe already have).
Then what?
Executives sold ~2 mil in stock before making the breach public. Now they'll sell protection and profit from their negligence & incompetence
So peeps until the law is changed, you need to assume you info is there...DO NOT TRUST Equifax website..lock your cyber shit..<paininass=on>
.@SenWarren, you should be telling people to freeze their credit reports at all the credit bureaus. @Equifax credit protection is worthless.
I saw no such notice nor did I know I was signing up for anything on that page. I only thought I was checking if I was compromised.
Who is Equifax and what gives them the right to control my life by judging my credit? Why them? How them?
Why join a class action which would inevitably award $100MMs to trial lawyers and get me a 60 day coupon for @LifeLock or some damned thing?
but if you have real damages, you don't want an Equifax-designated arbitrator and limited (or no) discovery
@NPR and @democracynow should mention this. Wtf
I don't recall ever giving Equifax permission to use my data in the first place. Maybe we should do something about that.
@louiswalkerjr
No class action has ever recuperated for me close to my actual losses. They serve attorneys. Congress should act at this scope.
#MandatoryArbitration needs to be made illegal, along with all legal settlements without an admission of guilt.
where's the little angry emoji at?
This should do the trick
Is that legal?
Should be Criminal.
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
Unacceptable terms!
Any chance a stake could be driven through that clause?
If you don't like the terms then don't buy their product.
Isn't that just a restriction on suing their credit monitoring subsidiary?  The FAQs (I know, not part of the K.) say that's the intent.
Thanks for the warning.
Where can we find out about the lawsuit and whether it applies to us.
Gee seems like there should be a law against this...
Thank you for this Senator @SenWarren - You caught me as I was about to sign up for monitoring...@Equifax #scam
@p0welly @Equifax Of course, it's the American way. Wouldn't have expected anything different.
I'll go for the class action too. I'll be damned if they're going to try to sign me up so I can pay even more money I don't ha e anymore
How will we find out if our personal information was compromised?Will Equifax send out letters?

What????
they broke a contract first :) the contract IS to protect credit you lose @Equifax
They announce you can go to their site to see if you're on the list but when you get there you have to give your right away before they tell
Now we find this out, aftr  thousands of ppl, no doubt, ( myself included) told by @Equifax 2 go online 2their site. This amts to fraud.
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Go away squaw
Saw #Equifax #DarkWeb ad today, taking no responsibility for breach, nor issuing an apology. Just marketing themselves as protectors of data
Good think I don't want their credit protection product. I've already refused it several times, when other companies were hacked.
Y don't they write in English?  I submitted my name & found that I'm impacted & now have an enrollment date for TrustedID premier.
Why would anyone want protection from the company - they already failed to protect data, how can they protect credit
So long as we are getting it for free, giving up that right is not so bad.  I'd never pay for such a deal, though.
So glad I've still got my free life lock from the last 5 data breaches that my info was part of.
A fully funded & empowered CFPB should be a cabinet level position once we have someone like @SenWarren as President to appt its leadership
No ! Pay me
That's pretty much black mail
That's total BS
And stop using my body or mind.
Don't even think about influencing my mind one way or the other, Tamara Murrell.
This is wrong.
Yet we hv no choice of them having our information. Something doesn't sound right here..
Maybe they bought stock in Bitcoin.
Can't the Congress make them drop this arbitration BS?
They are making the best case yet why corporations cannot be trusted...
the use of arbitration clauses has been around for years. Their purpose is to protect companies. Outlaw them.
Why is this surprising? Nothing wrong with it. Don't sign it and you get $5 in the mail in 10 years.
If you had supported Bernie, we wouldn't be totally helpless in the face of corporate oligarchy and oppression. So thanks for that.
I blame the Dem primary voters in the South, don't think Warren could change that
Clinton was the winner in delegate math by June 9, it's moot. Also "GTFOH"? Calm yourself, you're getting hysterical
Will they even tell you whether your info was hacked without signing up?
Can we join a class action to bring CRiMiNAL Charges of Insider Trading to the folks that dumpd Equifax stock B4 the breach was announced?
Is the Senate opening an investigation? Is this handled by Consumer Protection Agency? State AGs?
I have @AllClearID instead; they notify me if someone asks for my credit. I also have a standing security freeze w all 3 agencies.
But still binding arbitration. Don't need 140 million others + pay lawyer fees out of settlement w/ individual indemnities.
Thank you for the information. Think good thoughts, Carol, we'll make sure come hell or high water
That life will return to better than before, without the bad seeds.
Take your chances and take the Payoff!
"arbitration" and its variants, 52 times in their terms of service.
Criminal!!!
So wrong! This obstruction!
U r actually a freaking Senator. Get on it 
No thanks, I'd rather join the lawsuit
Same here! If my credit gets screwed up b/c of this, they'll have to pay me the big bucks lol.
Thanks for the heads up!
Why would you want their credit protection? Clearly they are a garbage company to allow this shit to happen in the first place.
Other services offer it already, don't do it.
And thier execs sold $2M in stock after it happened!  WTF????
It's always stacked up against the common people
Get your own credit monitoring and then join the class action.  Credit scores are 100% necessary.
Screw Equifax, not being informed is fraud and it cost my bank $336....
then propose to abolish this archaic system. no citizen gave consent to have every detail of our lives collected, including medical inqs
Equifax is like a teenager saying "Sorry I lost your kids at the mall. How about I make it up to you with free babysitting for a year?"
Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to disAPPitchfork everybody you meet.
NY AG @AGSchneiderman has already notified them to take that down and that it is not going to stand.
To our leaders of our country, PUT THESE CRIMINALS IN JAIL @Equifax. They let things happen because they know they gonna get away with it.
There was NO link to this (I looked) when it said click here to check if you have been affected. I am so angry this came out AFTER.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-switch/wp/2017/09/08/what-to-know-before-you-check-equifaxs-data-breach-website/ …

I'm sure it's an oversight.
Mafia move...They sold that info was not hack...Remember one of the first bills that was past this year...
Hello how are you
"Our database got hacked, so we're giving away free membership in our database, if you sign away our liability." Where do I sign up!
Excuse me @Equifax? You just failed to protect our privacy!
