Settlements may be tax deductible or have credits hidden in fine print. If the gov is going to cut deals, we should know what we’re getting.
Yea Lizzy,you mean like the obumer Iran $150 billion dollar deal! We still don't know all the obumer deals on that one!
I'm a Republican I would love to fire Ryan and all who's in the white house.  Sick of the cover up .and the drama
#iamsethrich
Thank you for being one of the sane people left in the world Senator.
OMG I spit my coffee out all over my key board laughing at this tweet. You are too funny, that was awesome.
Go away squaw
I thought corporations were people?  Shouldn't it be put in jail?  Lock it up!  Lock it up!
Said check with Bill and Hillary on those numbers. Might even ask Obama. Who knows
More importantly when JPM is fined by the govt for $8b, where does the money go????
Your still not getting 2020 lol
Sen Warren, Who in Obama's EPA got axed, demoted or charged with crimes for doing this?
Yup, I got a whole 1 $ from the @BofA settlement. But I overpaid & had my credit screwed for years. Credit score system is a sham.
The big $ amt gets misled, too? Where did it go?
Wonderful but then it all goes in the general funds. We who were injured get sympathy.
Hey... Don't you have work to do??.. Other than acting like a child?.. Get back to work sweetheart or you might get canned

Misleading? Well...you would know all about that wouldn't you? #snowflakes
You mean it is PR lie to deceive public.More Obama deception, like how he used recovered funds to promote violent DNC groups.
Yes because the company is usually forced to cut back salary, and jobs which impacts... yup us little guys the middle class. Way to go
It's better than those beads you took for Manhattan
How much R U worth? How many millions? How'd U get that & can we see Ur bank statements and off shore accounts? Rich Putz!
Lock the ceo's up. Also, investigate @realDonaldTrump for Russian connections.
Like when the CFPB takes credit for the investigation when the company self-reported.
can't wait till you run again in mass I will be there to call on all your Bull Shit and know this you will not win
cash the government has sent to the middle East with out telling the American people go ahead lie about it, I was there ,seen it
No settlements w/o criminal guilty pleas.
the government has been doing this for the passed 8 yrs just like the cash you all approved to send to the middle East
Warren I love you, but you really end to buck your parties reluctance to engage with the clear crimes being committed. Stand out, dammit!
That's what you do best. mislead.
You take money from all kinds of ppl. We know how u made ur money. Liar! Pocahontas! #FakeNews
And you should know about misleading
#sethrich
the fine is just a cost of doing business until they make the fines bigger
Like ur salary from the classes you "teach". Ur a fake.
Those companies generally spend more per year on the teams of lawyers they keep around to keep the settlements as low as they are.
It's about control, they know if they start giving an inch at all real consequences can start happening.
What's worse is Dems & establishment GOP fattening their collective pockets while doing nothing for Americans
No worries...she can go back to screwing the university for $400k class and live fine on her reservation.
@SenWarren is trying to clone herself to be @NancyPelosi and @HillaryClinton. She is the pussyhat trademark (with a feather)
PAY TO PLAY!!
Hey lizzy we Americans have to work for those big companies not suck off the American taxpayers like you
Your whole purpose in life now is to bring down Trump.  Please stay focused.
Those numbers actually came from you through consumer circulation. AND DONT YOU EVER FORGET THAT YOU HAVE A CONTRACT-YOUR WORK CREATED MONEY
You do know those settlements are paid for by employees, customers & shareholders right? You want to rape them even harder?
did you say this to @EricHolder and @potus44 GSE settlements????? #speechless #fanniegate
DNC Services Corp. DBA committed fraud against the will of the people, does that count?
True, but what is your proposed resolution?
What I want to know is why does the gov't get that money, but the people who got screwed don't?
Thx Pocahontas telling us about breaking laws HA
Too long. Could you make it snappy and sensational so folks tune in. The other guy is unreal. Vomiting crap that folks lap up.
And just what are you spewing about now 

Oh, and you know ALL ABOUT misleading numbers, Sen Warren! That hustle will come to an end soon enough. #drainit #maga
You mean like you and your kind mislead America? You are an establishment politician on your way out. Enjoy it while you can
Kinda like your disingenuous statements!
Yeah, yeah, you know a lot about numbers. Maybe you haven't noticed we are having a small crisis in Exec branch regards to Russia/Trump etc.
Misleading?I'll tell you what's misleading: Those silica packets that come in goods.I kept eating them until I found out they weren't treats
Hillary Clinton broke the laws emails ,millions from foreign countries to foundation, servers in the basement,  destory phones ,comey said !
Obstruction of justice Yet??? Go get em
@SenWarren can also be misleading.
And are we talking about Russia money laundering case that was abruptly settled in NYC?
Turn off your auto tweets... Bad timing
How a Potus that breaks the law? Inquiring mind wants to know....
Orange excrement popularity
Your just pissed because u did get your cut. Hypocrite!
Read the NYT.
Who ok'd the settlement Follow the money
But agencies often are focused more on the important injunctive relief provided.
agreed. Take away a years profit and they might listen.
Or mandatory firings of all C-level employees? And current board of directors forbidden from serving again?
This is weirdly not at all what Twitter is talking about. 

But go on!
right? I need Elizabeth to speak on this Comey memo lol.

