But if they get clean they won't vote for you
You mean the addiction epidemic that Medicaid helped cause? The one I fight on the front lines everyday? Repeal ACA and cut Medicaid fraud!
They are protesting in our state capital today because of the possible actions to prevent metacaid from growing. SMFH
Medicaid, sorry
We are going to spend all that money on opioid addiction and they are going go out and do it again.
Same as diabetes hypertension people continue to eat the things that are not good for them or behaviors that increases risk.
Oh for Kcuf sake, are you absolutely perfect? You can not force these people into treatment it's illegal, won't work unless they want to!
This is form of disease. you can't force but we want to make available the resources  they need to help addiction. Start  at Addiction diff
I understand addiction prob. better than you! , I have nothing against help for them, the Insurance co. And pharmacy are making the addicts
Because if the democrats want it it's justice, but if the Republicans want it, it's a devils contract.
Under ACA my premiums went up 300% my deductible went from  $0 to $2500 and my wages were cut in half EXPLAIN WHERE THAT IS AFFORDABLE
@DrMikeSimpson @SenWarren But U got to keep your insurance & Doc, no? NO?? Well just shut up and like it...
DEMS KEEP following these multi millionaire like warren, Obama, Clinton. They live great lives,while u suffer. Obama 8 yrs & ur saying same
No trustum squaw with forked tongue.
Except it is not affordable...  Stop lying to peopole.
Wasn't it the Hopi Indians that used peyote to get all fucked up?
What was Lizzie's tribe again?
I am more concerned with people who have sick children,parents,
cancer or other dibilitating illnesses!
Madam Warren, opioid treatment is not new! Deaths are not new. Our govt has never wanted to address it only suppress it. Pl halt your excuse
REPEAL & REPLACE! No fix it like Graham/Cassidy! Make it mandatory ALL Congress be on same healthcare plan as we are.
Really? I had to get a second job and my son no longer receives therapy because of the ACA.
What happens when the AC fails completely? Rush to throw more money at a defunct system probably.  Term limits are needed.
Addiction to heroin should not be covered by insurance
EuroAmericans will hurt themselves to ensure Obama's attempts to help ALL people are thwarted.
True. But millions of Intractable Pain patients across are being harmed by the "war" on opiates too.

Stop it.
There are other ways to treat pain!
Linda go buy u a hypodermic needle about 3 inches long. Sit down at table,place hand on table.Shove needle thru ur wrist joint till it hits
LIE.. President already giving grants for this .. you are a disgrace
Big $$ in methadone clinics, tax payer funded drug dealers.
It's a fight for life for all of us for any medical condition.
Not all of them but a lot! How you going to get them into treatment, can't force them!
Just regulate health care, drs are responsible for making the addicts, heroin is cheaper and easier to get. What happened towar on drugs
The government controls the drug Lords and Poppy fields they all benefit from people using these drugs.DEA
I just love our war on opioid abuse.  Create a problem, use more money to decieve people u care when u dont. Government IS SPECIAL intrest
It's NOT the governments responsibility to take care of us. WE the ppl are responsible, read the Bible, Genesis 3:17-19. No gov existed then
Thank you, Elizabeth. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #WeCan
WTF

Communism Never Died, It Was Cleverly Repackaged for the Historically Impaired & Useful Idiots 

#LeftistAgenda 

…
Nice plan.
To choose between having a home OR having health insurance. So SHE gets fined.  AND that fine gives other people what SHE can't afford.
Talk to my friend who lost her life savings due to the ACA Triple premiums and a deductible when she had none before.  Or my friend who has
Obama's care made my situation worse. An ageing lower class white woman, who is disabled. Our Son moved n 2 help & was fined cuz ins to much
What kind of care is that?
Senator Warren, you are my hero.  Thank you for speaking out to protect people like me. G-d bless you always. Thank you.
It was her party that shoved Obama care down our throat without giving the republicans a say.
It is a life & death fight for Healthcare. Single payer. End for profit health. Why are both parties putting MIC pork b4 health?
I'm the member of the NRA, and I'm freedoms safest place!
The "Affordable Care Act" DOES NOT EXIST! There is nothing affordable about it!!
Why dont you pay for it all. You have more money than the majority of americans. Why dont u donate it all the the goverment? #hypocrite
Why won't you answer the question?
Yes! Without the government we would surely die! We can't be left to our own devices! MORE GOVERNMENT PLEASE!!!
Stop using the life or death to scare people! You are Chief Spreading Bull!
Hey Pocahontas, you ARE the 1%

#hypocrite
Universal heath care instead of the parasitic insurance cartel
Thou were the law makers you allowed OPIOID  addiction to get to this by not controlling drug prescription abuse
Lies you tell!!!
Go Senator I am behind you!!!!!! and THANK YOU!
#Comey convocation address derailed by angry protesters @ #HowardUniversity http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/22/comey-convocation-address-derailed-by-angry-protesters-at-howard-university.html …

#democRATS built this

#endDACA #pelosi
Brain scans have shown that #Meth & #Heroine brains were drastically changed. They steal & kill for their #addiction. Not worth my tax $$
Trump pd. NO TAXES for 20 YRS yet WE THE PEOPLE PD. our whole lives! Don't back party back the MAJORITY "WE WANT HEALTHCARE 4 ALL
And your totally inept at your state level to take billions and do it.    Sad
WARREN IS,WORTH OVER 200 MILLION. SHE IS A REAL LIFE 1% ER.
I don't know about you but my medicaid took care of my bypass and pacemaker quite well pre-affordible care...thank you much
Obamacare has to go and Medicaid should also go away. Tired of freeloaders sucking down my tax dollars. Tough luck if you are an addict
And for millions and millions of Americans living in nursing homes!! Just to name a few MILLION. #KillTrumpcare
Sanders is nt a Dem It is only self interest &craving 4media attention why he is doing this despicable act undermining Dem agenda
And yet you're letting Bernie out there to ruin everything.
Liz, you do know you can't compete with Nikki Haley? So just go away.
Wicked Warren all mouth no brain typical socialist buying votes the next Venezuelan dictator
How do you pay?  We should all be paying the same, including you, LIZZY!
Maybe she was touched by opiods...or something..
Are these your buddies?
Vote for the Graham Cassidy Bill Pocahontas.
Not just limited to Massachusetts (one of the wealthiest states), affordable health care is a human right and that's vital for America!
Do you even realize that USA ALREADY spends more public $/person on Healthcare than Canada/UK?
Send the $ to the states! Efficiency!
What are you telling Wall Street people to get them to give you money?
trump is about to get us into nuclear war w/his sophomoric threats. Wish you'd ask Congress to impeach him before  >
#Wellfleet
Sounds like they are going to get rid of our insurance ! Are you fighting like last time around ? This is crazy!  Help us !
W/o medicaid-funded Suboxin/Vivitrol/methadone, so many addicts in #CapeCod will go back to heroin,stop meetings & recovery & die
http://therightscoop.com/video-big-chief-liz-warren-squirms-when-confronted-about-being-in-the-1/ … #hypocrite #Massachusetts
Your a divisive hack, one who works to actively destroy the country!
That's everyone.just need to make them harder to get, drug regulations?just handing them out like candy and treating addicts makes no sense
Then why have you not tweeted about the subject today.
Did you take another day off?
You only have 9 days to bake Mccain those cookies
Ha ha!!

@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  we beg you to please do the right thing this is not a party issue it's a human rights issue https://twitter.com/ToDropADime2/status/910924614976643073 …
McCain has killed hundreds of our service men! Why did they EVER NAME A ship after him..and that ship killed even more!
glioblastoma kills!
Sooo anti banking hypocrite what's with sucking money from the same bankers you claim are evil. More fake Indian tricks. Tricks for money 
You & your hypocrital idiotic views are the reason they should limit political terms to a single one.
How many blazers do you own?  Seriously!  Fraud
She is a flailing, Indian bitch
Addiction isn't real. Stop advocating for weakness.
And it's a fight for everyone else too!
Beauregard has interest in private prisons & civil forfeiture. It's all about the money
They can't afford care for oppuate dependency on aca
Most opioid come from Mexico,  but you just want to sound like you care for votes instead of doing something about it.
Because I sure don't get to use it...Tell the People the Truth..
So that's where my OCARE premium is going..To Drug Addicts..I'm glad Someone benefits..Do they have to pay $6,500 out of pkt Also like I Do?
We are united on this
Its cruel and heartless..stay with us Senator Warren!!
The fight should be to keep known liars out of the Senate. I posted a picture of one.
YOUR STATE VOTED FOR TED KENNEDY, DRUNK MURDERED HIS PREGNANT SEC..YOU LIED SAID INDIAN TO GET AHEAD  OF OTHERS ADMISSIONS. LIAR LAWYERS...
The current proposal by the GOP to replace the ACA is a travesty and MUST be stopped
Annette Marion and cpms group government beat Yvette Anne Marion handfield me up ew drones illegal kill me deport SOS SOS SOS SOS
Sen WARREN!!!  IF??? YOU HAVE AN OUNCE OF HONESTY IN YOUR SPOUL????  YOU WILL SUPPORT REPEAL & REPLACÉ OF @ TTLY FAILING ""OBAMA CARE"" JOKE
That's Obama Care that's why we need to get rid of it. It doesn't work for the working Americans
Is it time to offer medicare for all to the GOP,  ending Medicaid and transitioning to single payer. Read my plan
Is it true that GOP gave Murkowski a waiver to keep ACA in AK?
I pointed this out in an email to @senrobportman , asking him to vote NO on the GOP healthcare travesty!
If it passes it will fail. Next prez will have to fix everything broken...repeat...
Not just them, people like me who have an auto immune disease called Interstitial Cystitis and NEED my insurance
Then why did you vote against he 21st Century Cures act?  Honest question.  But betting you have no answer.
Thank you for your service.  You are a fighter and I appreciate what you are fighting for.... me, my family and our future.  
You voted AGAINST the 21st Century Cures Act, which included $12 million to fight opioid addiction. #mapoli #masen
The fight to protect Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act is a fight for life and death for people who need opioid addiction treatment. 
YOU MEAN ALL THOSE PEOPLE
ARE GOING TO   D I E   OH MY---
LIONS AND TIGERS AND BEARS
                O    H         M    Y
Wrong, the affordable care act is NOT affordable!
Sit down and shut the hell up, you lunatic!!
ACA = $$$ to treat everything! 
Wrong approach.
E.W.  answer the question "why are people in need of altered states of consciousness? "
You should research the opioid crisis. This is far past people wanting to get high.
Introducing anything into your body is usually a choice. Doing it illegally is abuse. Find the answer to WHY they do it, then work solution
Yeah you need more of someone else's money http://www.usdebtclock.org/state-debt-clocks/state-of-massachusetts-debt-clock.html …
ATTN @senrobportman
That is under a doctors care if you have insurance
Thank for being our Champaign fighting against every selfish, stripped 'healthcare' bill comes up.
It's a fight for ALL health care coverage!
Stop saying INSURANCE, and referring to the "insured", HEALTH CARE FOR ALL, eligibility has nothing to do with it!!
FIRST thing they MUST do: get rid of the word INSURANCE, what's needed is health CARE, insurance implies eligibility!! We r all eligible!!
Bernie Sander, Elizabeth Warren and Nancy Pelosi are carrying all who remain silent!
Why aren't all in office who oppose the rape of our right to healthcare soeaking up louder than the those who choise to rape us?
Do you currently have the ACA on you or your family?
Didn't ur mommy or daddy teach you not to lie?
Stop Sara Palin's KGB Death Camp offensive
Don't you get it?  Obamacare is circling the drain. GET ON BOARD!! Stop obfuscating!!
Why did you vote in favor of a $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
I can't believe you voted to spend 700B on more bombs to make us more enemies.  The death of an empire.  Foolish greedy representatives.
I appreciate your commitment to preserving American life, but too bad you don't value international life. Instead you voted for more bombs.
Then start by not taking money from.  Big pharmaceuticals companys
And #PersonsWithDisabilities stop leaving us out of your campaigning.
Dizzy, you belong with nurse Rachettr
I liked that movie.
We need universal healthcare
@SenWarrHere in the UK we have National Health Service, everyone is entitled to free hospital treatment, USA can afford to do that.1/2
why can USA afford this such a rich country. Plus subsidised Dental care & prescription free Doctors Consulting paid through our taxes
Vote her out!!
Lie. One of the presidents big push is fighting the opioid problem. Pharmaceutical companies and the wall need be dealt with.get on board
Pocahantas knows health care, that is in her resume she submitted to harvard pleading to be hired.
Sell out
It's a health issue that needs immediate attention & resolution. These addicts need help
Me!
So is the fight to get 28 million working Americans health care.  https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz  Inalienable right to life, now, please.
Even with Medicaid  without family or friends to continually help during the plight it's a fight or life or death
"Let them eat cake" is morphing into "Let them die !" -- Everybody is just one illness away from a pre-existing condition
Say Hi to Elizabeth Warren the "Government is God" party.
How about you making it easier for the people who need it get it quit making honest people pay for fools mistakes
If you are in WV, your state will loose 1 billion dollars in Medicaid funding! WV can't afford that!

One more time you use emotions vs facts to make your false narratives. You could have worked on this for years, but just ignored it.
I work for the government  become my dependent and i will give u the best health care there is!
Wow. Slippery lib words again.  These people put themselves in their positions, yet it's up to other people to be forced to save them.  Why?
Cannabis, cannibas cannibis
President Obama Lied to Americans! Dems Lied to Americans! Fix this disaster in needs to work for all Americans not just the few
Bull
Opiod addiction knows no politics.  Stop complaining and read the bill. Oh, thats right, if u read the bill, obama would have punished you.
My sources state: That this was just another campaign stop, she only went if the media promised to show up also. She should pay for the it
Take care of the junkies with your own money Pocahontas
You are such a Liar!!!
Go back to Harvard and do what you do best spread bullshit and false narrative's they love it there
Why aren't cancer patients entitled to free care they had no choice in there illness I can't wait until we can vote your ass out of office
Taking drugs is a choice they became addicted because of their choices so why are they entitled to free care such bullshit Lizzie!
You serve Satan and you kbow it.....id hate to u.@SenWarren
Where R U on the fight to #RemoveExemption ? What's that, you're not? Entitled to keep illegally sucking taxpayer subsidy for #CongressCare?
Your tweet is complete and utter BS!!!  Shame on you and your scare tactics. Unfortunately, I don't know if your supporters get it
Communist
Warren fights to increase taxes on the working middle class. That is where it all ends up.
