GOP & Dem governors have urged Congress to keep our promise to families & hold down health insurance premiums. We should listen to them.
Congress should act to stop @realDonaldTrump from following through on his threat to burn our health insurance system to the ground.
Less fight. More compromise.
"Petty, cruel, & just plain dumb" should be on Trump's business card
Blackmailing the entire country by threatening them with fines if they don't buy Obamacare.
Isn't that also known as EXTORTION?
That is our president in a nutshell!!!
"Petty, cruel, and just plain dumb" pretty much sums up everything Trump has done for the last 10 months.
Government subsidies cannot become a way of life for low income people.
We're the only civil country without single payer system & our mortality/morbidity SUCKS... a 35 it RN
We fought a war in 1776 not to be like every other shithole. We've done better in a shorter time than they have in less time.
You certainly have skewed view. I suppose you say USA is a white Christian country.
25th amendment NOW!
Everything this moron does is plain dumb. Nothing Trump does makes any logical sense. And everyone complains, then does nothing. No one acts
Ok fine
its SAFER & cheaper for a society to provide fair & equal access to care for all. Ask Canada 
Compare Populations between countries pls
That doesn't matter. It is about removing the for profit portion. We have plenty $ that goes to corporate welfare that would cover U.S.
So your saying doctors n nurses should work for free. Makes me think you should work for free.
No. If we had single payer through the government, the greedy insurance CEO's making $50,000.00 a day won't be receiving that anymore.
That is an inaccurate statement. Not for profit single payer & national health works literally world wide. Predatory capitalism fails.
Congress did not appropriate funds. Obama admin did, on its own - illegal action. Only Congress can appropriate $$. Congress must act.
What's cruel is Democrats not having given us a Public Option back in 2009.
WHAT happens next
Pocahonus,grow up!!!!
Problem being ACA jacked them up to the point they needed subsidies.A better approach would be one that lowers costs w/o requiring subsidies
Why is this MORON still in office????
could always have free healthcare.....just saying.
#25thAmmendmentNow  Pass it on. PLEASE?!!! America is begging for action!!
I wonder how many Trump supporters who will struggle bc Trump repealed healthcare subsidies will blame Trump? Too ignorant to hear the truth
Only ignorant ppl respond by calling others names (idiot). And mainly bc they aren't educated in the subject matter and can't speak to facts
How is he able to do that without Congressional approval?
People forget all the "I have a phone & a pen" talk from the past President when convenient 
Except that's not true.
This must not be true either.....funny how we forget. I'm far from a President Trump fan but the way some of you forget is plain awful....
1)just admit you're a trump fan. 2) McConnell had specifically said he was going to block Obama on everything and R's had majority.
Regardless of who is in office I try & work to control my life. Trump was lesser of 2 evils to many. Guess that Russian advertising paid off
Lesser of 2 evils? If you researched Hillary back to her high school debate days, you would know she was highly qualified.
Trump now uses religion, nationalism, race and so forth to distract from his fiscal chaos
Can the military declare Marshall Law on the president? Maybe it'd keep him from killing us all.
Then why didn't you provide funding in the ACA bill you pushed through by hook & by crook in the dead of night?
Work with him for a better plan instead F’ing bitching all the time
Cruel and stupid.
But...its the Republican way.
Can 45 be stopped or are you guys stuck?People will be harmed, Puerto Rican's are dying. Could he be stopped and when?
Providing unappropriated subsidies to your Insurance co partners is unconstitutional and illegal. You are violating your oath
Trump"s dumb
Delete your account Elizabeth.
Said the lying Fakeajaweea who supported  lying Obama who forced millions to lose affordable insurance by lying about Obamacare. Lying liar.
You spelled "Trump" wrong.
How so?
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.

If you like your plan you can keep your plan.

Avg. family will save $2500 year on ins.
Poor deluded fool.  Oh well.  Heil Trump
But increasing my payments to give it to those who don’t work, isn’t cruel?  They have better coverage than me for Christ’s sake
I muted @SenWarren lol twitter is so much better now
"Petty, cruel and just plain dumb".  That's Trump in a nutshell.
Why should I pay for my insurance and subsidize others, maybe they can get a second job
And yet NO ONE in the SENATE or CONGRESS is willing to apply the #25thAmendment. How much more of this INSANITY must we endure?
He has VIOLATED HIS OATH OF OFFICE NOW BY EVEN SUGGESTING DELISCENCING A FREE PRESS THAT SLONE IS IMPEACHABLE!
He wants to run the country like Russia and Turkey and conservatives who hates Obama is sitting on the side line cheering this moron on
Correct except that not a moron, cunningly smart. IS a pathologically lying, Sociopath with a GOD Complex !

Liz, instead of sitting around tweeting all day, regurgitating what we know, you need to start doing something. LEAD FOR ONCE! Geoff 2018?
Petty, cruel and just plain dumb pretty much describes the Toddler in Chief.
You know before Obamacare they could get free coverage from the state they lived in?
I bet you have great insurance
Not as dumb as your support of obamacare!!!!!
Sen.warren, be honest. Do you really think obamacare is a viable solution?so what's your thoughts?
Cutting the corporate tax rate is good for companies, paying government subsidies to health insurance companies is bad? Stupid Trump logic!
Democrats steal from the working people. Then give it to the lazy people.
Do YOU have ACA insurance, Elizabeth?
That’s Trumps way
while millions are forced to pay to support your programs to pay for low income or not income at all people it's outrageous!!
Put something in your head once and for all,every time you take from someone who has to give to someone who dont is stealing
Dear Trump Supporters, Did Trump "Make America Great Again"? Very soon you and your family healthcare will be jeopardize! Because of Trump!
Time to support a Universal Income.
and to do it 3 weeks before open enrollment is liable.  there is no time to now fix website in order to have it up and running in time.
He is screwing the very people who voted for  him how u like him now big mistake really big
They don’t call Trump a moron for nothin’ 
Why are we not like England and have full Government Health Care. So many what not be in Debt! Health Care worries would be zero!
Ok finelet it implode courtesy of dems!!!!
then take him to court for meddling in private businesses. violation 25th amendment WTF? tweeting isnt helping F'ING ACT! WE R DYING HERE!
He’s just a man with an evil plan to ruin the United States Of America!
The sen is supporting Corp welfare for ins companies without congressional approval.
In my opinion, it is nothing short of criminal malfeasance.
It’s MIND BLOWING how he’s getting away with ALL THIS SHIT!!! 
Obama got away with so much worse. And Hilary
How is this even a defense? All trump does is LIE & GOLF he doesn’t care about anyone but nazi’s they’re fine people! He’s a POS
Oh yeah cause Obama never lied or played golf 
Not like trump he LIES every time he speaks! It’s been proven! What happened to the 3 mil illeagl voters? Biggest inauguration ever! LIES
Cutting payments designed to help people afford healthcare is the work of a sociopathic mindset. Healthcare is a Right not just a product
How about people pay their own way?
What's Cruel is lying about your heritage which STEALS scholarships from others and lying about being sexually harassed for political gain!
Maybe we should focus on lowering costs for low income families by getting gov regulations out of the way and let the Free Market work.
That's not how schools, healthcare, or safety nets work. Free market would insure only healthy live, let the poor and unhealthy die. So...
So if we reduce the cost of health care for all socioeconomic groups it because less available? I don't think you understand basic economics
It is sheer revenge for Obama outclassing and out IQing the #MoronInChief He will continue undoing all the good #44 did
His attacks on PBO started when he 1st ran for Prez. Because he is a Black Man. Birther Movement
Yes and the time Obama roasted him for 2 mins in 2014. He owned that moron's ass big time
Yep after that it was war. Obama bruised his ego.
There is sooooo much ego to bruise.
And so many mental issues, not least his miniscule grasp of economics, politics or world events #IQ45
Or the English language, or should I say Merican language
Just like his base, so it makes since for him in his mind. He only caters to white hate under the guise of patriotism
You passed total bi-partisan bill in middle of night, potus lied to us and issued unlawful exec order. Go sit down and take your medicine.
How is forcing 1/2 of Americans out of access to healthcare "medicine" for Senate? Bipartisan means two party, btw. Means consensus.
My mistake. Meant partisan.
As is the treason on the Constitution by @USDA
Treason by the USDA?
Oh yes you bet they've been at it since 1994. Federal courts Blocked my every attempt to present case 5 years now! Read blog
You know what else is dumb?!? Passing a $700 Billion dollar Defense Bill! Do not tell me we don't have the money to pay for healthcare!
We don't... we spent money on our defense budget
Nigga please
If it’s a revolution trump wants .... wait till he sees 2018 election
Why didn’t the Democrats make that part of the ACA? YOU are at fault!
Elizabeth,, more left wing BLAH,BLAH,BLAH. I can't afford Obama care! premiums are outrages, and deductibles cost me plenty out of my pocket
This is sad. Greed will win though.
Full blown mental illness!!! Enforce the 25th Amendment Now!!!!
This country is absolutely sick.
Right?  I want free cell phone, free college tuition, free healthcare, free car and free birth control. Which party should I join
Well look who initiated this...Dumb is an underdtatement.  Impeach already
Term limits now!
Dumb? It’s not dumb! It’s criminal!!!!
Yes Ms. Warren cutting off families additional support is cruel Please let's get the monies appropriated 2 cut this action  down. Love you
You know those payments have.been deemed illegal and unconstitutional right?
Anything less than universal HC is cruel and dumb. When will you demoneycrats get on board? #SinglePayer
Please do whatever is in your power to help us escape this Trump nightmare of cruelty.
That says it all!
Not as dumb as Wahoo Warren!

No one can afford Obamacare.  It was just a dumb idea.  Your job is to fix it do get you but off Twitter and back to work
Ass

No it’s great news
you pay for it
How much longer are we going to continue to have him as our President? Will this end with even more people dying?
Insurance through employment at giant corporations  are subsidized regardless of age health salary or wealth they get subsidized the same
And yet he continues to rule
Lizzy, you are LYING to the PUBLIC. Congress never codified subsidies to insurance companies. Federal Court ruled payments illegal ...
True -- but now what can be done about it?
I think you hit it on the head! He’s petty, cruel and just plain dumb!
You know the next time an American tells me how lousy our Canadian health system is I am going to LAUGH AND LAUGH AND LAUGH, HAHAHAHAHA
I'll be forced to the ER for my Primary Doctor, now...I'll not give my real name or Address because I can't pay and become the real problem
Kind of like..you.
Senator Warren, Trump called that Puerto Rican lady a nasty woman. I think he needs you to put him in his place.
This president is plain dumb....just one of his many shortcomings.
You keep fighting the good fight for us! We stand with you!
Low income citizens can apply for Medicaid stop the BS!
@SenWarren You just described @potus, petty, cruel & just plain dumb.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them.
Or moronic
Dark Lord Knottingham has increased the wealth of his class by a proven method-promise the village gifts2increase turnout,then rob them all.
@realDonaldTrump is a #death panel
Ridiculous
You are in the Congress. HELP! Start writing laws to save us and the World from this madman!
Impeach #45
Sounds like trump to me
Joker in Gotham Reality TV Show in progress
If you commit genocide against the poor, who will pay the taxes for the wealthy?
And BCBSNC had already said they're INCREASING costs due to uncertainty in subsidies #ThanksTrump 
The middle-class seeing an average 500% spike because of the ACA isnt right and considering u talk about how u back the middle-class u...
Why  do we need any Senate or Congress if trump can sign anything into law that he wants
@POTUS Cruel and dumb sounds like him.
Get congress to approve the subsidies and quit breaking the law!!! You and Obama should be in jail!
So is over-regulating small community banks that had NOTHING to do with the financial crisis but that didn’t seem to bother you too much.
Translation: "I can't prove you wrong so I'm changing the subject"
Hate it when @TheDemocrats beat around the bush it is why you lose........SAY IT......@realDonaldTrump you will kill thousands of Americans!
So if @realDonaldTrump decisions will lead to the death of thousands of Americans is #TrumpTerrorism real? And wouldn't that be worse than..
#TrumpTerrorism is founded in the focused ignorance&belief in common indecent norms which existNthe hateful few of America @realDonaldTrump
#TrumpTerrorism has killed hundreds of Americans as we have watched on TV every night the ? to you @SenWarren #HowManyMoreWillDie? @Potus
"petty, cruel, & just plain dumb" describes everything Trump does.
Wanna know what's REALLY dumb?
ObamaCare.  The real solution is the Fair Tax bill,  S18. Everything else will be better in the long run!
Trump is playing games with peoples lives.  I cannot understand why the whole country doesn't see that.
I don't see you opening your wallet to help them. I grew up poor but democratic politics is enabling poor to stay poor forever. No incentive
Then do something about it! How is tweeting going to Stop 45!
I can't afford insurance either way.

IMPEACHMENT SHOULD START!
Americans are winning every day now and the poor little Democrats are all butt hurt because they have zero I repeat zero influence!
It is criminal too.
Elizabeth I don't think you know what you're talking about
Get used to it or get him out NOW!
Making my insurance cost more than my rent is cruel!
You just described Trump - petty, cruel, and just plain dumb. 
Those payments are illegal/unconstitutional.  You know that but don't care about the law. You can't implement these payments by Ex. Order.
Making me pay for someone else's healthcare with threat of losing my income and property is pretty cruel too.
Feel free to Fund it yourself Elizabeth.  The rest of us can’t afford it.  Btw. How about keeping jobs in MA rather than letting India
When you say payments - just to be clear, you mean taxpayer money! In addition to our own healthcare costs that have skyrocketed
Pandering to dummies is sooo 2008. Come up with a new shtick.
It just happened
You're just 'plain dumb'
This is more proof that he is of the antichrist
I’m paying $100 monthly for a health insurance that doesn’t approve any expensive tests because they think those tests are not necessary
Plenty of sliding scale clinics around or people can make a deal with their doctor to pay what ACA was giving them.
Something a moron would do! #TrumpTheDestroyer
@kentuckygrandma Very Cruel he won't be voted back inucan take that2the bank with all the money the Koch bro have him4that bill
Keep pandering for those votes Pocahontas...
But creating + encouraging the conditions keeping those families low-income and perpetually dependent on you for those payments?

Far worse!
@PullenforUs is on board this ship! Helping MD not go under.
They hate People who are not wealthy
Please do you really think he is s real human being. I do not think so, he is fake.
It is also terrifying, reckless and unforgivable. He must be removed. And now.
Said the party that invaded the U.S with muslims and illegals and overthrew our healthcare with gov control.
Why is our govt so broken that this imbecilic devil incarnate can win every battle one dirty way or another? #ImpeachTrump #heisnotfit
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump REAL. HEY FAKE potus.  You just screwed the ones that put you in office.  You now own Trumpcare.
U Don't understand lady having this is killing us all. I am a part time worker and I have my own business I am running too. It cost too much
Petty, cruel & just plain dumb pretty much sums up this administration
I feel like American Indians how many burn copies of treaties make..
It’s what the GOP does best
Your solution is?
"No society ever thrived because it had a large and growing class of parasites living off those who produce." Thomas Sewell
#TrumpisaMoron pass it on
yeah, that kind of describes the majority of @realDonaldTrump's positions.
Elizabeth,  were you in cahoots with tom marino and marsha blackbur?
Trump says "I don't want to make the insurance companies rich. ...) I agree - time for single payer!
Moronic even...
And its deadly. I need to go on dialysis. I understand I'll be needing insurance for that. It's genetic. Thanks. NOT! He lacks empathy.
Use your position to get him the hell out of there.
What can you guys do to stop this maniac from ruining the entire country?? Please do something!!
Nobody is trying to stop the nut-in-chief from all the crazy stuff he does. Dems get moving or I'm not voting at all
They should put Congress & Senate on the same HEALTH CARE as the rest of us
Mrs Warren congress shouldn’t have passed a healthcare bill till we seen what was in it.
fixit

@POTUS Dumb Donnie you take the cake. And we thought GWB was the dumbest.
The only one that is a dumb here is you and your lies
Wow you Believe your own lies
husband & I each work over 70hrs a week, self-employed. can’t afford insurance. No one cares about middle class ppl like us.
You should be in the White House
And potentially deadly. Without a partial subsidy I'll be lucky if I can afford a worthless sub-bronze policy.
No shit!
@realDonaldTrump is cruel & dumb.
Bigly deal. He does away with parts of ACA lowers premiums and we get less for our money. Not like we were ruling in services before.
