My child's life at risk-w/o Medicaid prgrm we'd go into bankruptcy trying to pay medical bills, even w/ prv insurance. What would we do?
Ugg, it's her again.
Just curios, is there anything that the GOP/Trump does that you agree with?
Is that a rhetorical question?
Curious........can't be it if ya can't spell it........Must be a Trump U grad
Spoken like a true liberal.  Attack the messenger not the message.
Still better than the Dem's plan...oh, that's right, you don't actually have one either, do you?
Oh, so you've read the bill and know what the plan is? What do you think of it?
Yes, and it's not a "plan". 100 pages of "get rid of this" & 46 pages of "fuck those people over there and give their money to rich people."
Well, on that we can agree.

The Democratic plan, I think, is to fix the ACA. But good luck getting anything done on that score.
That's what they've both been saying for the last 7 years.  Shitty as it is, at least the pubs put one out there.
Why do u hate Americans so much Elizabeth??
Vote out the obstructionist 
This bill has a positive side/tell the truth Warren.  It stops the murder of innocent babies.
Well now babies can't vote can they.  Why would you think bloody Warren would care about babies
Aren't there any democrats willing to call this lying minster out? Are all of you cowards.#do something!
More lies from one of the premiere purveyors of lies and innuendos, Pocahontas Warren!
So someone read it and you havent, DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT
"Rejection to children" Are you certifiable insane. You support most heinous rejection of all the murder of our youngest children in womb.
How come we don't hear it from these people directly? # Lier
TRANSLATION: Senate bill will negatively impact our profits (& potential campaign donations). 

#HealthCareBill #MondayMorning #TrumpTrain
I wonder how they feel being used by this pimp?

You must do more than tweet.  Stand up to this administration. Do something instead of talking about doing something.
Republicans why are you tearing down our Democracy and American Families, it's mean, people are getting sick hearing what you guys are doing
Only want those babies birthed and after that, they're on their own.
birthe

NOT safely born when can't get insurance that pays for maternity care maybe ED and prostate cancer should be on that "no pay" list
What is the CEO salary now, $3mil?
Democratic s Lie about Health care because they are vested in Obamacare. They will defiantly lose a lot of money.
THE AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE ACT SAVED MY LIFE... @BarackObama
if you like Obamacare you can keep Obamacare
Why does bloody Warren want to kill our children by allowing terrorists in from Sharia law countries
No commitment to our #Vets ?
Nearly 100 patients died waiting for care from Los Angeles VA - CBS News
#peoplewilldie #fauxoutrage #businessasusual
Yea dont u mean it wont fill ur pockets.
.@SenWarren @BostonChildrens @SenateGOP Sandy Fenwick is one of the best leaders I've ever worked with.  Strong and compassionate #Boston
More violent rhetoric from the Left.  "Crossfire".
You & your Friends have Murdered hundreds of thousands with your Obama Care.It is nothing more than Killing Americans to pocket their money
I want the same health plan you have. #shutupLiz
Not passing the bill is rejection to millions of Americans. People are dying now. Fix it now!
Step over party lines, offer to help repeal and replace Senator. Congress' best work comes from bipartisanship.
You are so full of it! How many people do you know personally who are on ACA? None! You just want people on welfare, dependent on gov't!
They're a business. Their relationship is for profit. A lot of children are diagnosed to promote a drug. Look what happened to Justine
when she visited the state. They can be home, family and soul breakers with government funded temptations.
Hey Liz: Why won't you go on Mark Levin's talk show?
What? So killing babies and selling their body parts is nice? 69 million slaughtered and it's part of the DNC Nat'l Platform. God sees this.
Pelosi said they had to pass Obama care before they read it. Why are you and your herd exempt from Obama care
Scare tactics don't work Pocahontas , your a Liberal Loon Liar !!!
You are nothing but a scaremonger, Liz.
Quit spewing BS and scaring America citizens
People who support abortion on demand should never write about a commitment to children

Instead of whining and spreading your constant vitriol Why the hell wont you work with Rep You don't care You want to see in fail YouREvil
Who does he vote for?  Having worked in healthcare, this guy is crazy.
@Lucybelle4 @BostonChildrens @SenateGOP It's a rejection to all of us who need it! We live on $25k per year.
no Obama care was - you think we americans are stupid well we are not- you need to get out of the senate
When was the last time you've been in Roxbury, Mattapan, or Dorch. doing anything for families? Go buy another pair of moccasins at Copley.
My father said to pay the penalty to IRS rather than buying insurance promised by Obama that will cost less and would be affordable, lier
The GOP has 1 commitment-the wealthy, who feed them billions of $ for campaigns & get votes bought by lobbyists
And s commitment to private equity funds
What about the elderly?  Up a raging river without a paddle
how about a statement about the the democrat wishing the congressman that got shot died?
This bill is a rejection of the American people.
Why don't you put us all on your healthcare. Either that or put yourself on Obamacare.
More liberal hatered and misleading propaganda. Dems are doing the Russians work of "dividing America". Pray for this country! God bless!
BCH's' CEO makes over 2million per year. He can pay a little extra for the kids. Probably donates lots of $$ to your campaign.
If you have a commitment to care, then nothing should change. Oh duh, your commitment is only when $ comes your way.
Has the CEO read it???? I doubt it since it is still in the senate so... he's talking out his a$$
Do Republicans believe this is "Tough Love" for Kids, Seniors and Disabled? Why don't they have a clue about Poverty and and it's causes?
Give me a break! What would you know about anyone but your pathetic special interests?
More fear mongering, you just can't help yourself and that's all you got! Sad 
Bet that CEO donated a lot of money to the democrats
HYPOCRITE  ALERT!!!!!!
Hell, thats what rePUSlican scum do best, pick on the most vulnerable, weakest, easiest prey, to kill
why do you think they want to destroy, privatizethe VETERANS ADMINISTRATION? 
KILL IT?
Now if only America was a federation of states Massachusetts could go something to help these kids and families.
This terrifies me. My aging parents, my son on the autism spectrum, my son who just became a paramedic
Probably didn't even read it.
Oh, so you've read it? What do you think of it?
FYI, non-fellow AMER Indian, under Ocare 28,000,000 Americans lost their HC & the rest of us pay for HC that provides little to nothing
This GOP bill rejects the basic principles of our democracy. We add the poor and help the elderly, till trump, mcconnell and ryan came.
WE CAN DO BETTER THAN TO PUT OUR CHILDREN IN HARMS WAY !WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF IT WERE YOUR CHILD???????
Thank you for sharing.  Enjoyable well written article
scare tactics
Trumpcare's answer to the disabled! As a disabled American from Massachusetts I am fearful not for me but the ones I love!
Is blow hard one word or two
Do you believe it! They already tax my kid without health care for SRP!  They are kids!
Obama care is shooting at us Now!
Stop using our kids for political gain!
That is unfair and unjust!
What wrong with our health care system before Obama care anyway. When I when to the hospital they put up a big sign your health care is free
All you have to do is to is to be poor and everything is free.  It is the working class are affected.
Maybe some parents need to get off their dead asses and take care of their own kids
GOP healthcare bill is cruel & heartless, according to Democrats threatening to murder Trump & other Republicans. Rein in your voters Lizzie
As usual you're wrong again why don't you stop
The good news though is that at least a couple rich guys will get richer. Those off-shore accts. don't fill themselves.
I am thankful that I don't have to contact my CA senators to beg them to not endanger the lives of children and their constituents.
It's just like Obamacare. I understand you guys had a problem with that too
Against women, children, elderly & the poor. The brothers Grimm couldn't have created a more evil villain than what the GOP has become
Did we not have healthcare before Obamacare? Is everyone brain dead? Quit the BS Pocahontas. MAGA!
That's her interpretation. Read it for yourself before agreeing with her. She should have condemned OC but didn't & many ppl r suffering
CEO, not the actual Doctors
What's your plan?
Mrs Warren. You can not ever speak the truth. Your entire career is based on falsehoods and scare tactics. Voters will make a change.
And what would Lying to them be ?? Is that Ok ??
how many of his employees carry student loans without forgiveness. Exchanges our mass vulnerability 
When are you going to run for office ?
Your paid flunky will say what ever you want! Let's talk Medicaid fraud! Which runs rampant in almost all hospital's and doctor's office's!
I agree. The assault against children, elderly, sick, and the infirm is the least imaginable Christian response to the healthcare crisis.
Omg! This is lies lies & more lies from dems! Show & tell time plz where oh where does this bill say that?
That's an understatement. It's a statement of how little they respect the American people.
People pay attention. The Dems only plan is to obstruct everything. Nothing else. They dont care about YOU. Obstruct and lie =Dems. #MAGA
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
Why dont they just go to the hospital and shoot each child .  same thing
Planned Parenthood has that market covered.
This isn't even health "care". It's devaluing life and good health. @SenateGOP #NoTrumpcare
C'mon Ma'am! After #SandyHook, do u honestly think @SenateGOP gives a darn abt kids & their families? #trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink
But ACA is a great plan oh for the ones getting it free
Who would that be?
It's downright disgusting. I don't know how the @SenateGOP live with themselves--ones who support this bill,  anyways. God is watching. 
Have you even read the proposed bill or do you always believe what comes out of Pocahontas's mouth? #HealthcareBill
Your a democrat, we don't need your advise! You did help create Obamacare so why would we listen to you
Now would be a good time to talk about @SenFeinstein Bill that would help many Americans. We should be constructive too
Let's start putting some doctors in front of cameras! Let the public hear what the experts say!
All the programs and billions we  spend on kids.Where is the money going? It's like education where a bigger chunk goes for administration
What about just doing nothing , what does he say about that?
Instead of your obstruct resist at all cost mantra .A more cordial approach would've been more effective

ACA took it away from 30 million working people, and taxed them to pay for more welfare, check your facts, not just dem talking points!
Now, if TCH would put some of its money where its mouth is...
#LeadTheDemocraticParty
Listening to #ElizabethWarren is akin to a rejection of facts, decency & reality #Fauxcahontas
NATION - each of us must FIGHT AGAINST this bill -pro wealthiest 10% who have their own Cadillac health coverage 
Why do u think this is for the top 10%? Ohhh cause that's what crazy Liz tells you!  
What abt repubs like me who have completely lost insur
Time to Geoff Diehl a real hard look.
What has Warren accomplished that was in your best interest?
The consumer financial protection bureau. Read a damn thing
Seriously doubt he read it!  POTUS is very much pro children.
How?
The same as your rejection of the Constitution snd the Bill of Rights.
#Communist
#Leftist
#Subversive
explain how she has done that
Her entire career explains it better than i can.
#Communist
do u have any specific s? Has she laundered money or something?
Call your Senators EVERYDAY! AND call these GOP Senators up for reelection in 2018!
Troll
#TrumpCare @SenateGOP bill will eject millions of children off of healthcare. It will devastate the most helpless. It is cruel. Plain cruel.
I mean stop the madness of obama care.
let them pay for it
So was Obama care, what kind of health care do you have
What will the DNC DO about this? Can the DNC do anything? Does it want to do anything to fight back?
Gee I wonder that myself?
Also wonder if they're ALL so corrupted by corporate money that they're useless to 'us'.
In your Dem-speak, this is only a late term abortion. Why you mad, bro?
Really Lizzy???  Really???
The CEO is wrong.
Stop the madness!!
Old Mitch is gonna have a lot of children haunting him.
Let's hold a POW WOW!
You never see poor doctors or low billing hospitals wonder why .
There you go again...just listening to CEOs. ;)
Do they have some sort magic 8 ball? The bill is not even finished yet typical of you SenWarren to promote propaganda ....
20 trillion in debt? Your commitment is the destruction of the American way. When we are all in there bread line you will have succeeded
they treat the lot of U like U r pieces of MEAT!!!
Call 202-224-3121 let your Senator know to reject #HealthcareBill & vote NO. It's so easy & every call helps!
Nobody said for them to stop taking care of children & patient, maybe hospitals & doctors shouldn't charge so much.
the new health care will kill my son and a lot of my friends we all have neurfibromtosis
Obamacare is failing in State's with Republican governors.
Defund Planned Parenthood!
but mostly an enabling of psychopathic plutocratic predators/parasites to feed their insatiable additions to money/power off backs of 99%
Did you ever go "streaking" when you were in college?
Asking for your creepy spank bank, amirite?

Translation: "You aren't doing enough about this thing I don't care about. Also I call myself Christian but hate sick children."
