How is it mean? How is it scary? How is it reckless? How is it shameful? How is it heartless? Those words only invite emotional responses.
You give absolutely no substantive reason to oppose it. This sounded like a child. I know there are legitimate reasons to oppose, state one.
The CBO said it would increase the debt and throw 23 million people off their healthcare. How's that?
The report only shows those who will be uninsured based on ACA vs. AHCA. Which will increase from an estimated 28 million to 51 million.
How many of those choose not to have health insurance saving mandatory fee cost, or those with pre-existing conditions rejected is unknown.
It's not a choice when you can't afford it. The logical thing to do would be...
eliminate corporate profit and thus political donations from health insurers to legislators...
Then, instead, add the portion of premiums that previously went for insurance company executive/shareholder profits to...
You need a therapy dog  or a coloring book to help you accept that your plan does not work leave us hard working Americans alone.
Obamacare was the GOP plan that's why the can't come up with anything. Why don't we try something proven to work?  Medicare for all.
Because that's not proven to work.
Working better and cheaper than private insurance
Single payer is not better or cheaper
What's your plan?
Nothing was wrong before Obama care except for the charity hospital system. They are state funded. If the government wants to take over let
The one that tripled my premiums since 2010 is the mean, scary, reckless one. B4 Ocare premiums rose 5%/yr after it, they rose 40%+/yr.
B4 republicans took away risk corridors your premiums dropped. After the repealed them premiums jumped.  Google risk corridors.
You're absolutely & utterly wrong. That statement is so dumb my head almost exploded. I've employed 20+ ppl 4 over 20yrs. U sir have no clue
Don't know how to use Google?
I trust my real world experience over what's on google. I have lived b4 & after Ocare. I know what it's done to my business & employees.
Pls begin with self .  Thanks to @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump for keeping your promise. Repeal @BarackObama care.
Trump never keeps a promise ask his wives.
Hahaha, you are funny indeed :)
And maybe more importantly the cowardly manner in which the R's are moving procedurally.  We're all disenfranchised.  Obscene way 2 govern!
So how many of these fights have you won?
yea, give her a chance to KEEP MOANING ON &ON... Warren is all problems and no solutions.
Oh, I get it. A person who starts a tweet w 5 ad hominems shouldn't be subject senate rules.
Once again Steve Summer s NSA Agent and Jay Sekelow Are Criminal s @PreetBharara @JamesBrienComey @BobSMuelle Hurting Vulnerable People@DNC
Only person mean us u keeping ppl poor instead of teaching self reliance . And oh your voice !
Please Do Ms. Wa...you are our (the less fortunate)
Ms. Warren you give us some hope, THANK YOU so much
Thank you @SenWarren
How?
Behind you 1000%!
THANK YOU!!!
Fillibuster through amendment!!!!!!
Keep us updated as to how this works out for you.
Shut it down! #persist
You're talking about O'care right. You say all these negative things and freak people out, and you haven't seen it yet!#OBSTRUCTIONIST
Says the woman who voted for the mean, scary, reckless, shameful, heartless ACA in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve w/no GOP present
So how do you explain over 100 amendments the Dems accepted from the GOP?
Thank you
#fakepocohontas and #nazihanlder ROFLOL!!!
You should have thought about that when you sold out and backed Hillary over Bernie.
Love your fight! Keep it up! Need more like you!
My fellows Americans get behind this woman she cares for all of you fight together with her #Goodluck
"mean" "scary" 
Sometimes I think woke 8 year olds is your target audience.
Are you upset because you won't be exempt from this health care plan like you and the rest of Congress is from Obumacare???
Awww Pocahontas finds responsible governance mean and scary...
Yeah her goal make them rich rest of us poor to control us . Globalist little soros Nazi puppet.
Republican Congress-persons should be forced to try to survive in a poor neighborhood for a month...
One big problem with that is, no matter how long the period, they will get to leave. For many who live there, it's a 'Life Sentence'.
They themselves sentenced themselves to that life sentence.

God bless u 4 staying on Twitter with all the obnoxious, mean-spirited bs thrown at u. Thx for working 4 us & fighting wealthcare.
Pelosi said they'd read Obamacare after it was passed! What's the difference??!! Oh Trump is president now! IDIOTS!
Quiet down Pocahontas.
How about making ALL members of the House and Senate give up their SPECIAL healthcare and get the same as all Americans!!!!
Thank you
Look Pocahontas ppact is evil. #defundPP
As a Dem I'm disheartened by blocking every action, like GOP did for 8 years. It doesn't work. I hope solutions are offered.
Have you checked with Dems if solutions were not offered? Several of them mentioned GOP doesn't even want to listen to them.
Why should they??? Remember how Obama forced his policies down our throats?
I genuinely think that's why we're at this stalemate.the policies obama pushed were needed for the folks who benefited from them 1/2
GEE LIZZY, YOU'RE TRULY AMAZING!!! BUT IN THE EYES OF MOST THINKING PEOPLE YOU'RE A QUINTESSENTIAL WACKO!!!!
We can always count on you to make sure the American people are being looked after. Although I do like some of my reps I wish you were one!
Resist!
Have a donut today Lizzy?
You and your party are losing everywhere
Where is the Dem's plan?
Unfortunately no one cares anymore. The GOP 8 year obstruction whipped the country SenWarren. No one cares except for jobs with decent pay.
Thank you.  We continue to rely on you.  #Persist
Thank you,  Senator Warren.
Duh she hasnt even seen it. Maybe if u help write it you will like it.
maybe you should try to contribute to its betterment… oh,  you want to resist and obstruct? #impeachresignSenWarren #moronChelseaHandler
It's on a train. I think you can stop it if you run in front of it...
Everyone should know Democrats can do nothing bc GOP owns Congress. Not enough Democrats to alter their vote if they vote together.
"I’ll fight this mean, scary, reckless, shameful, heartless @SenateGOP healthcare bill every way I can.”
--@SenWarren 
"Vitriolic rhetoric"?
Said in the highest spirit of obstruction. It's why Dems R Doomed. They can't help it though, their crooked ways prevent them from success.
Cannot figure out what planet she & Dems like her ( aka pelosi watters perez ellison etc) r from? 
Lol!  yikes!
And yet, I'm sure you stayed silent during the passing of Obamacare. How do you explain being so unprincipled?
Grab your hatchet and headdress, Pocahontas! Fight the mean ole white guy with a mighty war cry!
Wah!
Wish you would have fought for us hard working Americans 7 yrs ago. Instead you and all the other elite dems just rubber stamped a bad bill
Better than what we had before. The only one the GOP allowed to pass. After 161 amendments and a whole year of hearings
If more expensive, less coverage and higher deductible is better, you may be right.
That is not true. More people insured, better coverage mandated and cost raising less than before OC. Check your facts.
Let me be perfectly clear. My premiums increased over 50%, My deductible increased over 200%. I do not have same doctor or plan!
Let me be clear. You can say whatever you want in the internet but facts are facts and overall coverage has gone up and cost less up than b4
I don't think Sen Warren likes this health care bill.
Your democrat healthcare over regulates and kills Americans. U are a fraud.
Blame the drug companies. And happy birthday Sen Warren please keep fighting the good fight.
What??  The FDA is to blame, dummy.  U liberal sheep are extremely ignorant.
The FDA does not regulate pharma. Take a civics class so you know how govt functions Conservatives live in no fact zone
But you won't fight the urge to use hateful rhetoric when describing policy you don't agree with.  #Liberalhatehasnohomehere
Well, it was Trump who called it "mean."
But what does she mean by "fight?"  That could provoke someone to take unfortunate action.  #Liberalhatehasnohomehere
Good because we need you to fight with us every step of the way!!
c'mon, we have to pass it to see what's in it....
Lol
"... this mean, scary, reckless,..." -- fight it with what?  Adjectives?
How desperate your base must feel if this is what comforts them...
Because you are a champion!
Congress is the preeminent branch of our government & we've entrusted it to 535 of the most self serving, incompetent narcissists we have.
And then some, I bet. To bad #sethrich doesn't have you on his side, he could use a little help.
instead of fighting it, why dont you join the discussion and make it better? Or is that to much to ask, thats ur job
To bad Ted Kennedy isn't around any more. He would put this bill in his car and drive off a bridge.
Thank you Senator Warren for all you do.
Thank you, @SenWarren and 1 of my senators @SenBobCasey . #ShowUsTheBill #EHB
Thank you for being our voice!
Please do ma'am!
Except when it comes to supporting single payer.
"And I may need your help, again, fellow libs."
Looking forward to watching it get rammed down your throat.
Wish you had done that for the past 8yrs.My premiums went from 3,000 to 6,000.Your a civil servant try working the administration!!!
You need to tone it down ma'am. You are reckless and spew hatred most of the time. Have you proposed anything positive?
Thank you Senator we are counting on you I'm writing faxing calling my senators
We are counting on you. Thanks for having our backs
RESIGN ALREADY !! Move to Venezuela. Don't forget to bring the Bern !!
SOCIALISM DOESN'T WORK !!!
All Americans will help you
Really?, Americans got us in this mess
Dems passed ACA is mean, scary, reckless, shameful, heartless and offer NOTHING but "resistance", which really means hissy fit. Shame on you
We can all Honestly say we know u will. U have proven uself to be 1 that is true to the position of service for which u were elected. Thk U!
The lack of medical care is torture. Many homeless are unemployed and exploited victimized and do not die of natural causes but by crimes
Thank you @SenWarren I AM WITH YOU.
Thank you.
Sounds like it was written by a Lesbian.
STOP LYING! Dems are to Blame for this MESS
You should like a 3 year old. How about work together? America is sick of obstruction and fighting. Election results prove this!! Dems 0-4
just color me heartbroken in red TN where my voice does not count, outnumbered by red, disenfranchised for a long time.
Haha!!  Try living in hell hole, California as a conservative.  
I guess they are trying to make sure the chronically ill never make it to Medicare or social security
Thank You!
Thanks,  @SenWarren
Thank you Senator.  You are wonderful.
Why do you help? Fighting does nothing to help the people you sever. Dang when will you dumbocrat learn
What about the places/ins companies dropped? Nobody can afford BOcare, especially ins companies. #POCAHONTAS ONPOWWOWAGAIN
Then why don't you help pay for some of the premiums that people have to pay now under Obamacare
Which is Partisan for 
I can't do a damn thing about it 
But PLEASE re-elect me in 2018 
If she's as honest about that as she was about her ethnicity, we are in good hands...
She has not even seen bill she is lying as usual
We need u to fight for us come on democratic's we need your help
Please fight it. The GOP health bill will hurt real Americans. @SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman @SenSanders @RepSteveChabot
How do you know are you in the loop or just a obstructing liberal
Wait, I thought it was being drafted in private. How do you know what's in it? Or are you fighting for the sake of fighting?
But trump now says it's mean after.finally "reading". Couldn't.he veto if he really believes that? Or is he just going to keep hands clean?
Fight for us!!
Will you be flooding it with amendments, thousands?
Your a fraud
As #LaughMyOssoff went so will you !
Bye bye you fraud !
Thanks! Can you also fight the mean, scary, reckless, shameful and wasteful Obamacare?
Thank you!!!
That's my lefties, ready to fight something they know nothing about! Could you at least wait till you see it? Where is the peace?
Thank you. Don't forget murderous on list of descriptors.  But, at least they will get huge tax cuts.
Start running for president NOW and you may get your wish of enacting policies that the MAJORITY of Americans represent. You are our Leia.
Fight the evil corrupt swamp monsters in our beautiful WH
in your native language?
How about the DEMs actually work with the GOP on the bill so it is a bipartisan bill instead of just obstructing every step.
@SenSanders

Repatriate a decade & a half of #taxes sitting offshore -> tax cuts & #MedicareForAll

Or is that too cerebral for the Senate?
THANK YOU!!!
You can't fight anything. You lost the election and the grownups are in charge now.
my life. They are not cheap. And exams are not cheap either.
#Moron #ItIsStillOCareAndUKnowIt #FullRepealOfOCare #NoGOPHealthcare #FreeMarketSolutions
Do a rain dance, Lieawatha!
Do you have a 2 Republican friends that will renegade? Please talk to these two magically characters b/c this zombie bill must not pass
The responses to this are great.  So many #deplorables all in one place make them super easy to block.
Thank you
Counting on you!  Backing you!!
Thank u 4 fighting this ludicrous healthcare bill, we need u!!!
Right on Elizabeth.   I wonder what Jesus the Christian Repubs claim to follow, or is it just all lip service?  Health care is pro-life!
And I, among many many others, am grateful you're in the game. We need you!!
You'll also fight Universal Healthcare!
Fight for us, please!
How?
I am glad someone still  uses a thesaurus.
You haven't even read it yet, just like the ACA which you also didn't read.
Sing it!!!!
Thank you for fighting this unprecedented attack on the American public by its own elected officials. #NoHearingNoVote
She read my daughter's letter in the Senate floor last night!  Honored!
I hope you can, GOP fights dirty though.
Long deep breaths. It's over. All the media all the SOROS ties... ur losing. U will die knowing trump won. And his kids r next. Thank God.
You mean the super "Secret" bill you claim you haven't seen so don't know.
Thank you for all you do to fight for what is right and good for all Americans.
Can you tell us some more lies? Omitted FACTS is a lie.  Your scarier the the HC bill.  But you voted 4 pass it 2 find out what's in it
Amendments to n-th degree...just don't go out of order "hysterical"
When are we ever going to see this fighter you keep insisting you are in action?
She is the one who actually understands the financial trickery going on.
So does Jamie Dimon. I campaigned for her & have watched her dodge every progressive fight that ever came her way. She needs 2 walk the walk
How!No not a question,just a hello to a psycho
@I_Am_Here_Still @cherokeesher2 @BeltwayPanda @co_rapunzel4 #Veterans Update: FBI & Mueller FOLLOWING The Money https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/5/21/1664589/-Following-the-bouncing-timeline-of-corruption-cyber-espionage-and-treason …
Please fight! I'm facing cancer for the third time but my biggest fear is this bill!
#stillshepersisted
Take your copy and the the entire @sendems should head to the bathroom to sit down and comfortably read it.
Keep fighting @SenWarren
Need help breaking down the door to their secret club?! @SenateMajLdr is acting like a mafia healthcare boss!
The bill is "mean"? What are you, a 5 year old? Are  appropriating childhood now?
The best strategy is to step aside for 2 years and let the republicans destroy themselves. It's going to hurt like ripping off a bandaid.
I just can't imagine how they SLEEP at nite
Nevertheless she persisted!!!!
And then the big bad wolf blew the house down or the senate or wait - do Dems have a voice?  #YouLost
#MAGA
#VoteHerOut
Don't tell me, show me.
While obama was in power, why didn't you fix obamacare. Insurance companies are pulling out. Many with 1 or no carriers
Love you senator Warren!!
@SenWarren = Bitter
That's interesting . . ur comrades r complaining they know nothing about it, so how does a thinking person fight against same #idiot
Let the people revolt at The Hill
Even @SenateGOP members on the committee writing the bill , like @SenMikeLee hasnt seen the bill. None of this makes sense.
Sit down and let the ppl who care about Americans work on it. All you care about is Obamas legacy and socialism.
try defending the extortion of ACA! Why 7k deductible? Why don't u go on ACA? It sucks
And the American people will fight you. You are the minority and wayyyy outnumbered Mrs. Nasty
Get ready to lose again liberals #Winning
You lose; work with the president or lose your state.
Introduce your bill!
Thank you love you Liz
You still havent done a thing for the people of Ma. You tall like you do a bunch but your legislature list is pathetic.
Rock it, Elizabeth! For all of us! Thank you for your hard and dedicated work!
We love you!
Time to get nasty.
no one cares about us,about elderly,about working poor like me,only care about rich donors, gop giving everything to them,hurting us
Because 0bama care is just so great
#FridayFeeling #TheResistance #TBT #music #protest Old protest song more accurate for today. "For What It's Worth" https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bqqmPTGyuwU …
You are terrified, scared to see it will include YOU & every single Federal employee. Great times ahead as this will help it be better.
