What's bananas is our Congress wasting millions of taxpayer dollars with no results.
No results, no evidence just a bunch of partisan idiots playing games while our country hurts
There is evidence which is why FBI started investigating months ago. Why does every1 say no evidence? So basically youre saying FBI is wrong
Second, there is no evidence. The only reason there is an investigation us because the democRATS are crying and requesting one. Comey forced
Actually Trump forced the special counsel because he fired Comey. The dems wanted one all along.
I saw your little speech about not seeing Nasty yet but I need to disagree with you. Ms. Femdon, you are nasty, whew Really nasty #Trump2020
no what is crazy (well besides you) is the several investigations and more coming and no proof of anything all about your agenda now
Nothing is going to stop this ridiculous,  disastrous Trump administration except our future votes.
Trump 2020
*hello bot*
H
Will you please do your job you were elected to do. Disabled people are getting "hammered " with state taxes right here in your home state.
#FakeNews
The slush fund "The Clinton Foundation." Then Comey's bud hires lawyers 2 serve who were contributors. Smells right? After repeated claims
That @POTUS was NEVER under investigation! That's what's so sad. Ur spending our money. If ur so desperate to investigate, make it uncorrupt
There is zero evidence of collusion between Russkis and Trump campaign. This is a lie cooked up by corrupt democrats to cover corruption
& give cover 2 their disastrous candidate #Clinton. They're all pissed American ppl rose up 2 take back our country from their filthy hands
Hmm let's look at this "special council." Comey leaked in order 2 force this run by his best bud who then in turn hires 1 who worked 4
Senator Warren, you have my full support.  This shit IS Banananas! B A N A N A S!!!
Warren is tearing this country apart but you're to ignorant to see past your nose.
Maybe it should be someone the isn't #comeys butt buddy, too many close ties for him to be there.  Like clinton the moslem, holder and lynch
Mueller has a conflict of interest, if he has any integrity he'll recuse himself and not need to be fired!
No Pocahantas, YOU are bananas!
It's the LAW
Of course, because the KGB is running things, many dbl agents in place in all areas of our government..
You're bananas and should be committed to a mental institution! All your screeching and lying is just over the top insanity!
28 U.S. Code ยง 528   Read it!
Dems need to stop wasting money on this witch hunt. Why aren't you working on that? Smoke and mirrors is all it is.
No collusion! No obstruction! No investigation of Trump! = No case! Stop wasting tax payers money for political purposes! Corrupt Demwits!
Mueller appears to be as corrupt as Comey and his bh buddy! Mueller teamed with CAIR and the Muslim Brotherhood to redo all FBI training!
Your bananas
This is becoming a circus. Does the beacon of democracy need any further disgraceful happenings.why r americans not asking for fresh electio
This is a bunch of crap.Your distracting from the facts that Obama and many of your associates meet with Russians on several occasions.
There's "talk"? I thought you were all about facts and truth. You're tweeting about "talk"? You've verified this "talk"? With @CNN?
Your poop stinks from both ends Pocahontas
Because it's clearly NOT independent. Democrats are obstructionist criminals looking to deligitimize our Republic for nonsensical reasons.
oh but your not wooried about leaking coming from there unlawful or there is special interest in mueller & comey being friends also unlawful
I thought that Crooked Hillary was going to be under investigation since day 1... Trump got it kinda Right! LOL #ROAD2IMPEACHMENT
He should never have been hired in the first place.
Please get back to doing your real job as Senator.  My wife and I are disabled senior citizens.  Home owners who gets no tax breaks.
Please Senator Warren-stop the constant complaining and GET TO WORK! That's what you were hired for by the American people. #BeProductive
Pocohantas
Fubar
It's nixonian
You are fibbing again. Inciter!!!
Whoever is writing your tweet's points to  a soured old fool. "It is only those who never do anything who never make mistakes"
More dishonest and false news.  Wake up and smell the coffee.  Obama said America must give up sovereignty.  You're just another globalist.
HYPOCRITE, FAKE NEWS PUT OUT BY CNN!
That is called paranoia. I've never seen a president or his staff so paranoid in my life.
Usually people who have a guilty conscience are paranoid! Trump probably worried the truth will come out!
Yes he is.
It should be, 4 dems supporters, 1 worked for Clinton. This is not fair and impartial. This is a set up and right in the dem playbook.
What's bananas is U claiming Native American heritage 2 exploit affirmative action quotas 2 gain access when Ur own merits were insufficient
#Fauxchohantas
Your right!  The counsel is a great opportunity to excessively spent the people's money
Bad news for Washington if that happens. Sad state of affairs out there. Disappointed
It shouldn't even be a thing because it's all false information. You and your party are still being cry babies that you lost the election
Give it up
That makes perfect sense because they would uncover all the corruption... they can't have that now can they
There is no evidence of collusion. Stop this nonsense and get back to work and do good for the people
You see how angry you get your followers? With lies you have made your self? YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TODAYS SHOOTING. RESIGN NOW!!!
He should be replaced after Comey leaked to get special counsel appointed.
At some point, the GOP are going to have to stand up and remember why they have their jobs--to serve the people.
Could bite Trump in the butt if he does.
Insane!
pocahantas is now a monkey as she believes fake news stories-total BS @potus @TEN_GOP
.@SenWarren  You are bananas, it would seem.
Mueller now filling team with lawyers that gave $ to Dems. Maybe not the honest guy we thought. Should fire if biased.
Twitter rants!  Why u rant so much but complain about trump twittering
Keep smoking your special pipe and get used to it. The swamp is draining and you're in it. Guess that would make you a Seminole Indian. #dts
Your rhetoric against @POTUS and the right directly contributes to the violence we are seeing this morning directed at Rep Scalise. Stop it!
This is getting crazier by the day, or maybe not, maybe just more autocratic. Remember, Bannon still calling the shots.

what's bananas, is my tax payer dollars being wasted on this farce of investigation. And that it also pays your salary is sad
You would know about banana's. ( Monkey ) The true you.
sure hope so. Clinton Dem Nazis cannot be working on the investigation. FIRE MUELLER CLOSE IT DOWN
That's because they are hiring hillarys.left over bias filthy to investigate
It is bananas since Trump probably couldn't do that if he wanted to
Let's not get to the bottom of this...
When you put a bias investigator on you should expect this to happen.
Doesn't seem like there is anything left for him to investigate...right?
No, its based on the fact that there was no colusion, damn, pay attention, how the hell did you become a senator? Oh i know, money!!
Your bananas. Go do a rain dance or something
That's criminal. That's bananas. Yet it might me the most transparent move of the admin yet. #iwillNOTbetrumped
So, what will do about it & how do westop this slide into autocracy?
Here down under we would say you're "SPITTING THE DUMMY OUT"
You're AG did a superb job so stop throwing a tantrum
Trump is a CROOK. He sure doesn't want the RUSSIAN investigation. What is TRUMP HIDING? ?
Any attempt by @realDonaldTrump to influence Robert Mueller is proof positive of unethical behavior on his part.
##Dereliction of duty congress  McConnell and Ryan must go!
great. let them further expose their hypocrisy and contradictory deceptions
I'm a K9 handler! When I smell  like this it usually means I in it! Jeff check ur shoes, dude u smell like . U lie!
You're transparent Pocahontas
If that happens...time to arrest 45!
Are you listening to the same press that claimed Comey was going say he didn't tell Trump that he wasn't under investigation?  If so, resign
What's "bananas" is continuing investigations this long with no evidence. So have you started following the Stalin way now?
Fake, no plan on firing Mueller. Why is that leading the news. His staff leaked that on purpose just to watch the media look stupid
Cannot understand why you & Dems hate Russia so much especially when you embrace the politics & government healthcare.
He's Comey's sidekick and buddy, he's hiring a bunch of democratic hacks. yeah it's going the wrong  direction already .it's not impartial
Surely you can provide proof.
No guilt in the WH, right?
45's Taxes are a road map to everything he's hiding. He doesn't golf, orange is gone, he's conducting private business
Thank you 
Special put it aside committee
Just a distraction
And now POTUS isn't going to fire him.  All over the road map.  God help us if we get into a real crisis.
This should never be allowed to happen.  Since when can you fire the people investigating you?  Where is our balance of powers?
Lizzy, that's an outright fking lie and you know it! Mueller is TANTED anyways because of his connection to Comey! He's a waste of money!
Mueller is friends with comey he should not be investigating Russia because comey if a leaker
The @SenateGOP & @SpeakerRyan obstructing again! Do the @GOP really think we don't see? VOTE THIS CORRUPTION OUT #2018
Rumors, rumors and more rumors!
Midnight massacre.... Only this is "Dumb Watergate" compared to the original. Just have Trump do an intvw after,& he'll admit to it.
thanks for the retweet yesterday :) 

Dumb Watergate brought us to meet one another. Life is crazy! 
You're "bananas". Bananas & poop.
More rumors from people who have NO IDEA what is actually going on.
If they fire Mueller, Impeach Trump immediately! Do not pass go and do not collect $200.
Why is Mr Mueller hiring dem attorneys can find any on the right?
Well, we are living in a banana republic.
B a n a n a s. Bananas!!!!!
Not really. Read the statute. He never should have been appointed because there is no crime.
He will keep pushing until he is forced to stop. How do we make that happen?
Obama had real close ties with Russia,  Hillary sold them Uranim and you did nothing.
Washington must stop this madness!
WE NEED TERM LIMITS. @SenWarren @MaxineWaters MAXI @SenSchumer ARE PERFECT REASONS WHY @NancyPelosi NANCYIS BAD BUT HAS A LITTLE SENSE
Um not really Muller is comets friend and Clinton people have been brought on. That's a severe conflict of interest. *Dems imploding*
US became a banana republic on Jan 20 #dumpdumbtrump
You're bananas
Cotton should have put a pretty good dent into all your bullshit conspiracies. Get over it you lost and trump is a straight shooter.
What's bananas is all the Trump haters in office. #DrainTheSwamp PS #Obamafail was a joke and did NOTHING for us but rather was against us!
Keep up your lying and bullshit. Your insuring 4 more years of President Trump.
Don't let it happen.
Not bananas, but rather inevitable. Question is what you'll do about it as a Senator. I hope you'll fight like hell
It would be obstruction
Why do you just think any extraneous fake news is spot on?  Think once in awhile!
B-A-N-A-N- oh wait our democracy is under attack
You lied about your ethnicity to land a job as a minority professor at Harvard.
Let's take a vote. America, who do you prefer, Warren or Putin? My guess, Putin wins by a landslide. And not because of rigging. #denseDem
#SaveACA
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL NEEDS TO BE FIRED!! U DEM/Liberals making this Russia crap about a yr now. NO EVIDENCE SHUT DOWN THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
What's bananas is you believing everything you (want to) hear with no factual basis...don't believe everything you see on the news w/o facts
Your comments are ludicrous! Was it a NYT or Washington Post article? If so we have been telling you about fake news
Pokeafuuxtress nothing happened with Russia. Bigfoot had more to do with the election than Putin did.
How is it the GOP keeps getting away with what's going on? If prez was a Democrat all hell would be breaking loose. #doublestandards
Liz we know what u do with 
Maybe they should investigate you !
Rosenstein confirm that isn't true today. I know its been a busy :)
Your lips are moving.
@realDonaldTrump need to 100% testify. Let's see how his lies hold up in the hearings and in a court! Come on now, dt, all it takes is 1 lie
You should no bananas faux cahauntis
many of your followers are uneducated about the Constitution or the government but half of America isn't!
Again there is no Russian connection!
Or it's nuts.  Or, simply a huge loaf of banana nut bread to feed us while we watch the Administration unravel.
Too bad,  it will put some of your moles out of action!
Can he do that?
Corrupt bananas!
I heard that Mickey Mouse is Russian, geez Indian its over.  Nothing to see here, try something else
When are you career politicians going to focus on doing what's right for the American people. Get something done you sloth
Let me say it slow. pppppprrrrroooooooffffff. Now I'm sure that work. lol
This is a storyline that has been disproved #DoYourJob
He can't do that.
Oh Pocahontas your bananas
No Senator! You're bananas
You know what's bananas? YOU! while you play these stupid games the only people hurting are American people. Fix healthcare/decrease taxes
Keep spreading the lies and BS to deceive Americans when you should be working to help them. Politicians like you should resign.
