How do you compel people to provide this right?  Do you force doctors and nurses to provide healthcare for no compensation?
Jeez how far behind are you? They still het paid. Need to read more
If they get paid then how is it a right. You don't have to pay for rights.
Do you not know what single payer is?
Yes taxpayer funded healthcare. Taxpayers, people such as me pay for the goods and services provided by healthcare professionals.
Yes and its cheaper by balancing the risk pool. And everyone had affordable healthcare. Thats our right.
Nothing's cheaper when the consumer is not the one who is financially responsible.
The consumer is the one. Everyone pays into it. No one is taking away private insurances You think you can get insured right when you needit
Check the declaration of independence
Checked it. Healthcare not mentioned.
The unalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness wasnt in there hmmmm....doubt you read it.
No that is in there. Healthcare isn't.
If you cant connect healthcare to life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness then youre blind or never been real sick.
If healthcare is a right because of life liberty etc then why isn't food a right?
Jeez man thats not the debate were having. Thats a fight for another day but still a problem
And single payer causes healthcare like canada where they have to come here for any real help #RepealObamacare #factsmatter
How if they dont have insurance here? You lie
Rich canadians and canadian politicians have almost always come to America for treatment because their healthcare is crap due to singlepayer
Everyone who has money cones to america cause we have actual better healthcare but it unaffirdable to anyone not wealthy
How is ACA going to help you as doctors are dropping it as an accepted form and countless insurance agencies are dropping out? #dominoeffect
Idk where they are dropping it but im not defending ACA unless its against trumpcare. ACA is far ftom perfect.
The VA is the greatest example of socialized healthcare. Same as the UK and Canada; months long waits, few options, understaffed.
No its not. You still have co-payments if you dont qualify. Thats not single payer
When will this madness end?
Repeat after me "single payer".  It is time to double down.

Go there and try to get care. The people that have GOOD healthcare pay for it...and they subsidise the crappy care as well.

Because that's all they know. If we had what they did you would be screaming fir reform
If you demotards had read it first and voted it in we wouldn't be in this miss YOU created in the first place
Senator Warren doesn't care about we the people she has perfect insurance & plenty of money from lobbyist,, she spews her crap to divide us
Thank you.@SenWarren I believe in your words. I have made calls and tomorrow French Hill is having a meeting  I will be prepared to debate.
You should run for president (and lose miserably like Hillary)
Impeach trump/Penske and get rid of Paul ryan he is an asshole
Oh, sadly it is over.
This must be a deal between the dems en reps. 8 years ago the reps didn t want to make a deal and now this happened. Who is now the fool?
Thank you SenWarren for letting Our Voices be Heard through Your Voice. Give them "Poop" !
We love you Senator Warren!  Keep up the good fight of our idiot Republicans!,
I checked the Constitution and I didn't find it in there are you sure it's a basic right
She did say it's a basic human right, not a constitutionally guaranteed right
No it isn't ! Put in to action what you talk about. Get on #Obamacare and shut up!!
called lots of GOP Senators...Resist

Unfortunately, staying with the status quo and raising the minimum wage has led to this....time to fix it and reduce costs!
You're mistaken if you think that's the reason for automation. It's been in the works for decades. Make wages $1 and it will still happen.
It's expediting automation though. Add the ever increasing cost of healthcare and it's going to escalate quicker.  Jobs are disappearing.
No it's not!
Oh stop!! You all had a majority and whimped out!! No single payer because you had no guts!!
Or testicular fortitude...

Healthcare a basic human right huh? Like free college? Where does it stop? Oh yeah, when you run outta other people's money, I forgot.
t
The depraved GOP will not allow it to be over; they will fight to the death (I hope) to destroy this country for their ill gotten gains.
Leave healthcare alone.  Maybe the repulicans. Need to have a major problem and then maybe they will shut their mouth
Healthcare is a human right!   What?   Ease up on the fire water woman.   Dances With Nasty Ass slings another arrow at the absurd
Which amendment is that again? Funny how you want to take away rights we already have, while making up new ones.
Human rights? So you're happy to pay for illegals and non tax payers too?
you mean nontaxpayers like dishonest Trump. And those illegals pour a lot of money into the economy.  Imagine if they were legal.
I couldn't imagine a world where everyone votes democrat.
Me either,  I just don't want a dishonest bigot (I could go on)  as president. I don't vote party lines.
No person ever has a right to another persons labor. You would think the democrats would have learned that lesson by now...
So if one of your family members got ill and could not work u don't think they have a right to affordable health care
No because unlike democrats, we have principles. Try getting some.
u let a family member go bankrupt for your  principals should not have to happen in our great country being ill is not a crime or a burden
Show me where I said anything about that. Making other people pay for healthcare isn't the only solution.
It's call being a taxpayer some people pay for the war we fight when they don't want to I would much reather pay for an Ill person then war
So your solution is pay for both? Government job is to protect us via forgiven policy , if they vote for wars you don't think protect us
We love you Senator Warren
No its not!
O Yes
We have to fight for our right to health care
It says so right in the constitution after all!
Health care is a basic human right.  However, many in GOP think owning guns 'trumps' health care, or life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.
Govt shouldnt be in the healthcare industry. They cant even run the DMV. VA seems to run pretty smoothly too.
i dont have healthcare insurance because of obamacare, so what about me? I need medical treatment badly.
Taking from one to give to another IT'S NOT A RIGHT it's wealth redistribution or theft. Fauxahantas pandering.
Like corporate America?
I have a choice if I want to give my $$$ to corporate America. BTW, you replying to that on a device and system made by corporate America?
#RepealAndReplace .@realDonaldTrump  Not our healthcare and not the right to serve in the military

#NotMyCommander #draftdodger
The government is to provide for the general welfare of its citizens. (Preamble to the constitution)
Is freedom and independence a right in this country? Not forcing people to buy HC if they don't want it or pay a fine!
This is America Fauxcahontas! Health care is a choice not a right.
it is a right not we don't have to pay for it
Americans are tired of carrying the lazy live off aid do nothing's  get out there pay your own way we're done
as long as senat has people like Warren welfare will take this Country down Americans stand up go to work be proud
The only way healthcare is fixed is to hypnotize all the democrats so they think it's their solution. They forget trump was a democrat!
The middle class, small business owners and farmers are getting killed by the ACA.
Also.. MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!
Stop being corporate shills and push through medicare for all!!
There are a lot of greedy heartless people in the world that don't agree.
They think survival of the fittest and folks should die..
Vote congress to use whatever healthcare plan you are creating FIRST.
Life is a Human Right, yet @SenWarren does not think so. If you can't get Life right, what makes us think @SenaeDems can get Health right?
Hell no, it isn't! How could the GOP do this to Americans? I'm disappointed. Voting "yes" on an unseen bill is crazy.
I am FRANTIC about this! I'm on disability, my husband's about to retire. Pls help us! We have been good citizens. We NEED healthcare!
TIME TO VOTE OUT WARREN!!! Time for new blood. Time for someone who cares for ALL Americans including true Native Americans...!!!
It is a right and Ocare stripped millions of that right. You chatter for 22 million and have forgotten the other 300+ million.
Thank you
Healthcare isn't a human right. You don't have a right to the fruit of someone else's labor. Democrats can't keep slaves anymore.
Why do ppl think that insurance is a given? TO be given by the govt (tax payers)? Take care of the truly sick-Yes-the elderly yes..
Muh rights is pretty much a secular religion based on feels. Those who came up with the original ideas of natural rights wouldn't even agree
What is the Dems plan for fixing what needs to be fixed with the 
ACA.  Ideas won’t get it. We need the support of a plan.
Lol What? It could only be a right of we live forever. Everyone dies. Less breeding = better quality of life. That's the real answer.
You guys all caused this. You all voted in ocare knowing nothing about it and that was ok?!  Hypocrites!
They knew what was in it.  However,  Republicans didn't and didn't care to.  'Much more transparency with the ACA/PPA Than what Mitch likes
Healthcare a basic human right, not in this country!
Give it a few months, then he'll get to see how easy glioblastoma is WITH health ins. I don't ever expect him to understand going without it
Since Health Care is a Right as Warren states, if we get ill we can kick a doctors door in and demand our Rights!
In reality Health Care is purchased by working class. The Lazy Ass get free ride & workers pay the bill! A Right?
She is right - it will be over when ACA is repealed!!! Dems screwed up healthcare for working class!
;)
This is the face of Medicaid. This is who I fight for. #pvlandapraxia #morethanadiagnosis
Not a Right!  Government responsible for public health.  Unfortunately some people chose to abuse their health, then who should pay?
It's over or it's over for you!!! Sorry  darling!!!
How's that new better deal going?
You guys need to stick together in the coming days. Don't let Repubs divide you with their amendments.
Fight like hell Senator
I don't recall the Constitution saying life, liberty and the right to FREE HEALTHCARE for everyone....Legals and ILLEGALS!
Healthcare is not a right.  You lost.
It sure needs to be over for Warren all she does is obstruct everything the president and Republicans are doing !
No, it's not a right. If someone else pays for it, it's not a human right.....
Thank You so much for your hard work!

Healthcare is not a basic human right. It is a privilege. Scab
hope you're rich enough to pay for your cancer treatment
By pricing people out of the market so we can have an excuse to take it over and have more power. There i finished it for you.
Healthcare is not a right. People's Rights are in the Constitution and Healthcare is not a Right and not in the Constitution. Stop Lying!
try reading the part in the constitution that talks about promoting the general welfare teabagger
Thank you.
No Senate Democrats...having someone else pay for your health care is not in the constitution.  It is not a right
It's over for some of us.
Health care is not a right because it requires the services of others. It is immoral for government to force the services of other people.
True but opposed by those who think only the powerful have rights. It's the Golden Rule:" "He who has the gold makes the rules.." WizardofId
Our special needs family is stressed and scared! Thanks for fighting for us!
Your love one is more than a reason to fight.  My prayers (an fight) for you
Thank you Mike 
It just feels like it though, very sad
You are not fighting for us. Please don't even go there. Go Trump!
you think Mitch fights for you?
Health care in our country sucks, I vote Democrate, how about legislation to get the doctors, hospitals, and pharmacutial company's   to : ?
We have the best healthcare in the world. Its way too expensive. That's the problem and thats because its too heavily regulated. Economics
Reform has to happen, or people like me are going to die waiting for transplants they can't afford with obama care.
https://www.indivisibleguide.com/hubdialer-signup/ …

A human right to free money and free food and free phones and free free free. Umm. No. You work and you pay your own way or you suffer.
No it isn't.  Life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.  I'm not happy about your hand in my wallet .
Stay strong. America needs you!
Where is the democrat plan? Haven't they had 7 years to consider what they needed to do to fix obamacare?
No it's not. It should be a persons right to buy what they want. Not have ass hats in Washington try to give it away for votes. Sorry asses.
Yeah, it is. You are on a planet far, far away from the American people.
but mostly for you guys, exempted yourselves, didnt you?
@SenWarren who is supposed to be @elizabethforma.

I looked at US Constitution & didn't see HC in it.

The #2A that you keep forgetting is..
Why push the dead horse. The ACA is failing fast. Repeal and replace.
Nope, it isnt! This is a WAR you started...We will fight you for generations to come. Trump woke America! 
Box is open! 
Done. 
fight away your own healthcare and let Mitch McConnell pay the rich? genius.
Its not a human right! You can fix prices! Eliminate all lobbyists from Big pharm & insurance! Stop peddling lies!!
Rights Pocahontas don't require another citizen to pay for it for another citizen! That mean one citizen is a slave to the other!!

Is it a right for me to lose my HC bc of Obamacare, then penalize me cause I can't afford 800pm-9600 deductible n still don't have HC?
From your republican friends - You are free to die. 
Or you can find a better job. Trump is looking for waiters at one of his joints.
@SenWarren, I like what U stand 4, but unless a 3rd Party can thump the #Dems & #GOP heads together, like Moe from 3 Stooges, it's the same.
You slimeballs got us into this mess and now you think you can just put on a new slogan and all is well...BS...
That's fine, but rights must include responsibility, to much abuse and inefficiency with working people's money.

Decline of Yankee empire ha ha ha  Yankeez had there days
see that you go @SenateDems calling for a fight instead of calling for peace, for working together, to getting together a bill that works!
Destroy America and all the good it stands for.
REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER!
ACA is worthless! People like me me can't use it! Deductibles are to high! Between that and premiums! leaves me 5000 4 bills & food yearly!
It's over! Your kidding us! And Mueller is gone once Session is gone! #shame
Health care is not a right!  It is not inalienable.  You're not fighting for "the people", just bigger govn't and more power for yourself.
and the GOP is fighting for the people?
how about single payer in Mass eh Liz?
Work with the Republicans and stop complaining. Work to bring the country together.
I didn't see anything about that in the BILL OF RIGHTS! Of course, I've read it. #SenFakahantas @SenWarren hasn't.
Why isnt Liarwatha talking about the $100.00 co-pays and the $4,000.00 deductibles under Obamacare?
Healthcare is not a right! It IS a privilege. @SenateDems & @SenWarren enjoy that privilege that  many taxpayers don't.
With privileges come prices. YOU don't pay the price...the taxpayers do. Stop Tweeting & start ACTING! Anyone can tweet. #ANSWERS #SOLUTIONS
All federal employees should be required to use the VA for their health care....no exceptions.
Then it's time to introduce medicare for all enough with the grandstanding do what's right
Agreed.
Be sure you know the details supporting or complaints/concerns. Keep up with the day to day goings on. Be specific.
VOTING NO TO AUDIT THE FED ISN'T OVER EITHER! AND when the day comes where we find out where the $9 trillion went and you hid it. SHAME ON U
#theYbetterdeal with losing more elections!
it is NOT a right. people must earn it. get it=get a job!
Can I have a conversion with you ?
Healthcare is a right but ACA is not healthcare its a redistribution of wealth from the working class to the Healthcare Ind. ..your sponsors
Totally agree, wonder how fair the amendments and discussions will turn out. Call and email your Congressmen and women with concerns.
I pray you are correct.Just today a loved one couldn't get a prescription filled to treat DVT.Im 70 & afraid to seek medical help.
America and the world is watching, and no one with an ounce of decency approves of @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump BRUTAL.
What don't u approve of?  More Jobs? Better trade deals? Protecting our constitution and immigration law? Lower taxes? Fighting ISIS?
God Bless you. You care.
Hold fast!
Keep pandering for votes on the backs of the working class. You're not fooling anyone with this communist rubbish. #losers
What about basic rights of those you blatantly infring upon?     Are they not "hard working" 14 hour days to pay for your pet programs?
you're either a whiny rich libertarian, or a whiny libertarian who's not even rich yet.
Sit back and enjoy the rest of your last term#maga
Pay for your own health care
#SinglePayer NOW!
get out yr mops & clean up the mess!
Who do you have a "right" to force to provide it to you?
Are you serious? Obamacare is a disaster. Supporting it is hurting people. High premiums, huge deductibles, reduced care & inefficient. #bad
@SenWarren you are my senator & hope you are right. Scary times. Feeling defeated. #RESISTANCE needs an injection of HOPE.
Not trying to be a troll but you can have affordable healthcare. You have to embrace capitalism and abandon socialism but it will work
Wrong. Declaration of Independence says we have the unalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Warren 2020 Please?
Please, fight for all of us 
Thank you senator. Keep up the good work.
So what is the plan? What is the answer? We need something because #ACA will/is failing now w #GOP + #Trump #ACASabotage.
if it's failing then fix it,  don't reinvent the wheel.
Single payer? Be careful what you wish for. Bc the government has done such a fantastic job with the VA right?
Propose a constitutional amendment because it ain't there now!
#ShePersisted 
And Thank God for that!
#resist
#NoRepeal 
#NoAHCA 
No #MarchTowardsFeudalism & #serfdom
@TheDemocrats 
#TheResistance
When did it become a right? I thought it was a choice. Oh when Government wanted to tax
The ACA is health insurance; not healthcare, and if you can't afford the deductibles, it is just a high priced card in your wallet
Keep it up Dem's fight!
Ridiculous publicity stunt. If you spent 1/10th time debating amendments and proposing solutions you might become popular with normal people
Healthcare is not the place for compromise. Take no prisoners! This is war, for lives. Compromise on who gets the biggest steak.
Repeal forced health insurance!!!!!
Why didnt you support the only politician who ran that as a platform then? Makes me not believe you.
Sorry wrong:
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1524712967604926&id=158924294183807 …
No it's not. If you want free insurance GET A FUCKING JOB.
I wish I could feel positive and hopeful. But I can't. I see no end in sight. reTHUGs want DJT so they can ram thru their evil agenda.
This sure sounds like SINGLE PAYER to me.
Cut the "Better Deal" crap.
You know what people actually want.
you abused a privilege that we have the Native American people for your gain resign you are a crooked politician
Healthcare is not a human right. Where does the constitution say that. It's only recently that this narrative has been pushed.
Run on single http://payer.You  might even get idiots who didn't understand that their ACA was really OBAMAcare to secretly vote Dem.
Thank you Senator. ALL Americans have a right to health care. Not the right to unaffordable 'access' to healthcare...actual healthcare.
Like ovomitcare.
#ACA isn't perfect & needs to be reviewed, fixed & supported so it is sustainable long term. As it stands, it is better than any Repub offer
Is that an old Injun expression?
It's not your prerogative to bleed us dry if we do not have insurance especially when it's so fricking expensive. ACA isn't healthcare!!!!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZ. I WILL RALLY MY ASS OF 4 U
Why is Congress exempt from Obamacare if it's so great?
blah blah blah blah,lets hear a real indian war cry warren

#Dem s 

As leaders & representatives of Americans, 
You DO NOT have the right to Obstruct & Resist! 

You DO have the obligation to #MAGA !
With all the applause y'all gave after McCain voted to open debate it seems like a wrap to me. 
You are aware a lot more has to happen before the end. Huh ????
Apparently you didn't read the obvious words "open debate" thanks for playing.
Lol it is not a right but nice try crazy.
The truth is that self defense is a basic human right that the 2nd amendment protects & that fight isn't over
Actually Warren is far left and she's just afraid that she will be forced to buy the disastrous failed Obamacare too.
