good, next time you will learn not to boycott and do your job, u can thank #harryreid for the #fillibuster we need 52
sort of like Obama did to the American people with Obamacare??
Show up then!
Next your almost $200,000/yr salaries should be taken away. You're blocking all United States progress. @SenateGOP
Didnt Harry Reid change the rules during his reign of terror in the senate. You must have memory problems, hypocrite.
That's cause you guys don't know how to show up
Who was there on Christmas Eve in 1913...The tooth fairy
no that was the democrats that made changes to be able to ram their policies through!  Pay back is hell!
fight back don't let them win this is not democratic
guess you should have showed up to do your job. Considering we pay your salary! You're fired.... #MAGA
yes they did because your dems decided not to show up
Payback is a ...well you know. Dems to blame.  Came home to roost.  #NASTYWOMENLOSE
Nope.  I just really hate hipocrites and liars.  #Nastywomenlose
Hey Smurdley, how about this;  Buzz Off Moonbat!
Nice.  I knew you Moonbats had a lot of class.  Also figured penises would dominate your own thought process.  #shutupandgoaway
And WHY were the Democrats not present?????
setting the precedent, it's only a matter of time. #Vote2018
Be at work and you can vote. Or shut your face.
Fauxcohontas is such a loser ! Why aren't democrats showing up to confirmation hearings ? #Wambulance !
Jeepers, you folks did the same to the Repubs, or did you forget?  Bend over you've got more coming!!!!!!!!
Almost like they took the playbook straight from... you.
@JosephIrato they should feel ashamed @SenateGOP
> ...Prerequisite for GOP...Have no shame...Greedy Godless...
spot on
Goooooood
Shame on you, sir!
@biokinsandtwic1 @SenateGOP All of you Democrats need to be locked up and the keys thrown away !!!!!!
lol. Wake up Pocahontas
It shows how much the GOP despises the Dems. It won't be long before you are a totalitarian country like the C.C.C.P.
then show up loser
KARMA right back at you DragonLady!
Great work Thank god for Trump now to get rid of Liawatha!
I don't understand this whole "change the rules until you get what you want" bullshit. How does THAT work in reality?
Why, then, don't we just all change the rules daily? Seriously, how the hell does that work? GOP stinks
Why weren't you whining when Reid changed the filibuster rules in 2013? Hypocrite.
yes your whining bunch did. Crying all the time and obstructed forward progress daily.
And their great Turtleheaded Guru McConnell led that battlecry:"We will not work with them"
# electionshaveconsequenses
perhaps ma'am someone should show up for work to perform their collateral duties. You are paid  $180,000 a year.
Now do you understand the bad faith you're up against?
Oh look, a Putin spam bot.
WISIS is worse than ISIS, white Fascio-Christian imposing their beliefs on others children
no you Dems by not showing up changed the rules, aren't you required by rules to attend??
I don't think they can do that by law. Their whining falls on deaf ears. Crooked GOP, we're watching you closely.
How do they get away with that?
How can you cast a vote if no one shows
Just watched Mnuchin's Lights Out, don't know what's scarier, the movie or what gonna happen in the Treasury Dept.
Who's fault that no Democrats weren't present?
Well maybe you should show up and do your job Lizzy
we have to ask why is the GOP is willing to abandoning everyone including their own base?
The constituents you conned into voting for you on are going to blame you when they're broke and homeless. Shame.
@notjet @SenateGOP good don't be so childish and do your job
Remember Warren ex sen Reid has already changed the rules
Is this legal?
sound familiar?
why didn't the Dems vote against the rule change. HaHa
well the rules wouldn't need to be changed if the DEMS would actually show up for committee business meetings.  
you evil odeous dems are the ones who didn't show up
The GOP Congress is riddled with greed and venality, and is selling out the American people. #CountryBeforeParty
#SHAM Mnuchin has more conflicts of interest than Rogue in X-Men & will modulate Treasury D. to get richer
Thank God for the GOP! Warren, Schumer, and Pelosi have made complete asses out of themselves for everyone to witness.
HOW is this even legal?
"without a single democrat present." so business as usual?
I'm reminded of how well the farcical move by Wisconsin democrats to flee the state worked against Scott Walker.
And yet there are democrats who will vote yes on his pics. Shame on them. We're taking names.
DON'T NEED YOUR VOTE!!!
On that morning Senate Democrats refused to even show up for their job, causing Republicans to show how adults behave
@SheWhoVotes @SenateGOP we are doomed. I have lost all hope and can't even pray any more. Contemplating suicide in front of WH
Calm down princess. Cut back on the firewater! Work on some buffalo hides to soothe your nerves. Your tribe lost.
If they don't show up to vote, the government still needs to go forward. They should be docked pay for not working
Don't back down. Let them change it. There are more of us than them. There are out in 2018 &progress can move forward
I hope the Dems are going to do something about that.   Isn't that illegal?
Ukraine needs our support if we can give Israel 3 billion dollars a year we can support thier fight of terrorism
this is because you are hindering the Newly Elected @POTUS We the People have spoken. Fed up with your fake government
You and the rest of the dems are nothing but a bunch of do nothing liars PERIOD
why were you not there doing your JOB?
- Isn't there anything you can do? Sometimes I think there's reason to create a few more regulations:Anti-Republican!!
Committee rules were changed b/c you Dems decided to boycott! All of you are pathetic & should be voted out of office!
You cry about rule changes when you started it! Dems will lose more seats b/c of it too!! Dem party is dwindling away!
you are a FRAUD @Pocahontas Massachusetts is embarrassed by you. #cheat
Do your job. You are constatutionaly mandated to participate
YOU HEAR WHAT THEY CALLED US TRINIS ON MSNBC  THEY CALLED US PEOPLE WHO HARBOR TERRORISTS
@RandiRhodes @SenateGOP #RepublicanOverreach
@RandiRhodes @SenateGOP they are the biggest crooks ever .
This is no longer a Democracy
any 10 year old can tell you that, if the team doesn't show up, the game is forfeited.
has proven themselves to be the lawless money grubbing white supremacist racist vultures I thought they were-too bad
So who's ready for those Midterm elections?
@dnmbella @SenateGOP  Thats called communism isn't it?
Maybe the Dems could have shown up to the committee meetings instead of boycotting. #growup
the same GOP that crushed everything Obama is now hurt over the same treatment.
@dereklacroix @SenateGOP yes, they out maneuvered the dems who were acting like 5 year olds by acting like 6 year olds
guess why. dems obstructionists! ew need a cabinet now!  show up and do your job or it will be done for you!
@dereklacroix @SenateGOP good!

You had the right to be there but you chose to be stupid and not show up.  Stop complaining and start doing something
how is this even possible?
so it appears we are powerless since there is no equal recourse?
do you really wonder why? You hypocrites can't show up to do your job! You're all un-American!
@Kragar_LGF @SenateGOP cant you file charges against them.
so when do we launch phase 2 because phase 1 is sucking. We need ACTION w/RESULTS. Any one listening??????  
i hope that you guys are taking notes for when Dems gain control again. i expect pay back.  @CHURCHLADY320 @SenateGOP
What YOU expect isn't the issue. We expect a functioning government not playground tactics.
it's my opinion and it's ok if i share what I expect. but thanks anyway. @SenWarren @SenateGOP
My point is, find what's the common good. Stronger together.
i understand your point. i just still feel the way i do. you feel the way you and that is fine with me.
I see your point, but what we're fighting for is a functioning gov't. Curtailing their wretched actions, sure. Not JUST revenge!
well of course i want a functioning govt but i also want dems to remember the treatment they have received.
As if we don't know? We do. Electeds know all full well.
elections have consequences. now maybe people will kick GOP out of business
have you ever thought; I should stop talking for a minute?
How the Nazis grabbed power on Germany. And so it starts.
Thanks for telling us but what y'all go do?!? We in trouble out here.
GOP can't win so they change the rules; don't get votes so they suppress voting; have no ideas, so back a fascist
live it.  Since you hate American citizens anyway
@SheWhoVotes @SenateGOP So what are you going to do and how can we help!
show up snowflake
maybe you should have shown up to do ur job instead of throwing a temper tantrum
Alright! Time to get things done. Dem keep slowing down progress.
that's good. You freaks will not stop GOP.  LOL
They just keep changing the accepted rules don't they unless it affects them
As Obama said, elections have consequences and you lost. Get used to it!!
well, show up then
ha ha...you.mean the same thing the Obama administration started....good grief
I guess my question is: would you have voted "yes" as you've already done? #Furious
. This is because the GOP are cowards.
that's becuase y'all are pouting like children and will show up.
Who created the rule that allows them to change the rules?!? Why bother having rules at all??? #NotMyPresident
Dems better learn to play hardball.
@RobinTryloff @SenateGOP So what do you do?
@RobinTryloff @SenateGOP TAKE THEM TO COURT AND STALL THE WHOLE PROCESS
Ouchie. Thank ex-Sen Shitbag Reid for starting this ball rolling, and stay out of thd firewater when tweeting, Squaw.
what r the Dems doing about this?
how can this be legal? Confused as to whether we have a democracy or not? Sure sounds like an evil empire.
WHO CARES!!! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!
Seriously...@SenateDems What is everyone waiting for? Where's the Russian investigation?
so you refuse to do the job, that I pay for by taxes, and now your upset you didn't get a voice?
Where were the Dems? We expected elected officials to report for work.
I feel like we are truly at war with ourselves. It is not a good feeling
show up for work - I pay your salary - if I do not show up for work my CEO will fire me
to the victors go the spoils
@SheWhoVotes @SenateGOP Now we have an illegitimate cabinet.  Thanks hypocritical republican.
- show up for work and this wouldn't happen.  BTW, well within senate rules.
These #GOP bullies are authoritarian cretins. They hate American values & our Constitution. Disgusting. @SenateGOP
WELL THAT RULE/PROCEDURE NEEDS TO BE CHANGED SO THEY CANNOT DO
THIS IN THE FUTURE!
Which means, it just makes our fight that much more important in 2018, Elizabeth #Midterm2018 #Resist
if Dems did such a thing, the repubs hair would be on fire and they would be screaming.
Because you wont show up, make your case and cast your vote.
is that legal?
Why can't we stop this? What can we do about it? Who can stop this?
where has America gone? I miss my country. For the people by the people.
Doesn't matter if Democrats are there or not. Some of you're buddies leaving in 2018
please share your progress on on Trumps impeachment!  Everything out of him mouth is a threat or an insult! Hurry!
what are you doing to get Trump out of office?!?! This is a total shit storm!!!
well deserved!
I really worry that the checks & balances put in place are worthless.
Thank you Harry Reid
sucks to be you...
this isnt democracy, their doing whatever they want changing rules, embarrassing!!!!
Stop playing nice with a party that obstructed you for 8 years. Of course they changed the rules.
It's time we stopped listening to the rules. This is not a normal administration, do not treat it like one. AGITATE! #Democrats
who's fault is that! We are never going to win if this continues!
That's bad because Tom Price should be arrested for his investment history
@SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain Flynn puts Iran on notice-Trump says plan 4 BOOTS on ground? Why? Vote2FUND war? FUND VA be4 this time
Maybe if democrats didn't boycott like 12 year olds they wouldn't have to.
an absolute disgrace to the democratic system.
being a no-show won't stop them. govrnmnt is left to the people who show up! stop #potusdjt and #keepamericagreat
explain to me how that's legal...
this is their idea of draining the swamp?
DEM's are good for "ramming" things thru...like ACA
don't you see?  The idea is to cause chaos - we have to come together.  America will be lost #StopPresidentBannon
/ in most instances this would be Cheating! Further proof of just how corrupt they are.
Maybe next time you'll do the job you were elected to do instead of Boycotting committee meetings
unfortunately, the Democrats who have had the chance to participate elected not to. Don't expect many tears over this
Dems have become the party of refusal.  Once great now sad.
#noethics #draintheswamp #backdoor#stopthebullying
Senator what's point of rules if they can change it to fit their needs? Can they change constitution make #trump king?
@kiki_kaff @SenateGOP they caused this mess. Crooks. Fight back !
Well duh..if you don't come to work you can't complain about the outcome
how can you just decide to change the rules like that? If Dems had done it GOP wld be screaming blue murder
@TWheatsRN @SenateGOP and what are democrats doing about it? Gonna have to fight fire with fire
Shouldn't the Constitution protect the American people from this unethical self serving billionaire dictatorship??
THanks you for working so hard for the American People @SenWarren.  Shame on the @SenateGOP
how could those bastards do that?  We need more ppl like u senator warren!! Please save our democracy
Learn the rules Princess......The Democrats will always get their asses kicked because they think TV will save them.
Let the Democratic Party take note. Do your jobs. The people that elected you expect more.
Good going GOP.  What a shame this is what the Senate has come to. Can we defund Senators who don't show up to work?
rules were suspended. All Dems called in sick for 2nd day. Do the job you were elected to & show up for work.
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP #ImpeachTrump #StopPresidentBannom #StopTheCoup #StopDeVos
THAT'S RICH! Remember OBAMACARE @GOP
and it was a terrible thing to do.  It was ALSO terrible when the Harry Reid led senate pulled similar shenanigans
the thugs in Chicago don't blame the republicans they will get guns no matter the law
yup, the Democrats play just as dirty. Dems attack trump the same way Republicans attacked Obama.
Dems should be loyal opposition in attendance lodging vote instead of irresponsible immature tactics.  #DEMPARTYDEMISE
perfect!!!! GO GO GOP!!!
What are Senate Democrats going to do about this unprecedented power grab?
whaaa, obomination SHOVED the total blowup of healthcare with NOT 1 rep/conserv vote on CHRISTmas day! Shut up already
My question on this, where were the Dems?
When are we going to start impeachment proceedings? Senator Warren you are one of the only ones with guts! GO GIRL
Boycotting and filibustering will not work.  You need to be there and do your job.

start working for your pay Warren , or your check might not be in the mail .We dont need you and your disrespect
So what are you going to do about it? We citizens are @Scotus begging Dem leaders to fight with us to overturn stolen election
Hell we got Obamacare without a single republican vote.
They never play by the rules.They cheat at every opportunity.
travesty.
YouR dem ideology is the reason I switched Parties. Keep it up, you dems won't get re-elected. Can't w8 to see it.
Senator Warren you are awesome. Keep standing up for the American people. #I'mwithyou
