"Galvin worries anti-immigrant rhetoric may have chilling effect on census." 
http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/03/21/galvin-worries-anti-immigrant-rhetoric-may-have-chilling-effect-census/0EQ8wq4S0y50I2Mb1kpMvM/story.html …
About time we enforce our immigration laws! How about you serve the ppl of this country?
why should illegals be on census to begin with? Put money where your mouth is. You sponsor some refugees. 1/2
illegals should not be filling out government census!  #DumpWarren  not bigotry just common sense
illegals broke the law by coming here illegally
It amazes me that when the POTUS is trying to protect us from terrorism you call him a hateful bigot.
good lord do you ever stop spewing that garbage. do not know who is more annoying you or killary.
you are the one spreading hate. Just look at your tweets
@VotingInMass POCAHONTAS all that comes from ur MOUTH IS BIGOTED HATEFUL SPEECH! !!!
Illegal Aliens here in NYC have been hiding from census takers for decades. It has nothing to do with Trump.
Go away @AnthonyCortese8! Your propaganda is falling on deaf ears. America is awake more than ever, and you're only enabling the bad guys
Warren is guilty of propaganda. I am stating a fact. Every recent NYC census has been inaccurate because illegals hide.
All Dems and sorry to say some Rep are guilty of propaganda. Dems especially when they lose something.
What propaganda? Every major media outlet (besides Fox) reports the  similar stories. To denounce all of it as "fake" is ludicrous & fascist
You mean DEPORTING ILLEGALS and ISLAMIC THROWBACKS AS FAST AS POSSIBLE? GOOD FOR HIM!
So what, they shouldn't be here and guess what, THEY CAN NOT VOTE.
you spread way more hate the Donald Trump ever thought of doing.
If they commit a crime you BOTH do the time include restitution.I'm sure u have xtra bdrms or room on property.2
bigotry & hate? Really?? We're discussing illegals here, should be no part of the census. You know that.
WHY ARE YOU SUPPORTING BREAKING IMMIGRATION LAWS WHEN YOU SWORE TO UPHOLD THEM
Anti-immigrant Rhetoric?? Tell this to the 14 yr old & her Parents!!!
Seriously. Are you that blind? It's not bigoted or hateful to insist that people come to this country legally.
@VotingInMass oh shut up Liz
She is never going to shut up and keep exposing the fraud that is @realDonaldTrump !
How is it bigotry in hate for enforcing the laws of America. That's what elected officials are supposed to do.
worry about our vets!!!!  And enough of your fake #s
keep up the great work we need you more than ever!
and what would happen. We save money???
You learned from the wrong person.
The only hateful person is you, Fauxcahontas! We are all onto your lies and your deception!
Elizabeth, you are a danger to the citizens of this country. You don't care about protecting us. Trump does.
Where do you invent this slander? You have no conscience.. $340k for one course.
what have you done for women senator? You bow to a pro sharia fgm linda sansour murderer
@VotingInMass afraid the illegals will not say they are here
what have you done to benefit americans? Helped the homeless? Nope. Clothed or fed your poor? Nope
phony liz phony class phony liar
@Purplegarter1 @realDonaldTrump Census results! The immigrants r worried abt their lives! life& death results is on every1s radar
Bos mayor says no to working with Feds 
Many states I think will protect/try to protect 
As  policy's fail so will this
 has no credibility at this point
All state gov rely on census results to make decisions re: housing, childcare, eldercare. Could mean loss of $
ILLEGALS should NOT be getting $$$
This is about state planning for future schools, nursing homes, etc.
It should have an impact. ILLEGAL ALIENS have no say.
this from someone who appropriates the identity of a Native American for her own personal gain. THAT is bigotry.
The only bigotry n hatred I see comes fm th DNC..invoking riots and obstruction at every opportunity.UnAmerican
who care about census results.  America should be before a cencus
This women is a complete lunatic who is costing this nation with her nonsensical diatribes disguised as issues.
"bigotry & hate"? You're the one that spews bigotry & hate towards anyone who doesn't agree with you.
Hate is illegals before Americans
impeachment please
Hate comes from 8 years of failed policies.  Time to put Americans first.
let's not talk about #rockvillehighschool and hope the media continues to ignore it, it will help your #illegalsfirst argument
you're the party of hypocrisy. Bigotry &hate are embodied in ur leftist policies. Keep ur base dumb&close, oh & stuck in ghettos
The bigotry and hate is all in your head and heart. Trump doesn’t hate anyone. Stop spreading lies..
so u have been cooking the books in Massachusetts warren very telling w ur tweets
ILLEGALS are not citizens... they are THE ONLY ONES with anything to fear.
Crawl in your TeePee and wither away
I lived in Massachusetts for 35 years, I do not believe anything they did was in support of the tax payers.
There is ZERO anti immigrant rhetoric.  Its ILLEGAL immigration that is the topic.  Lawful immig is welcome.
Trump's bigotry and hate? Have you looked in the mirror lately WaWa Warren? You OOZE HATRED your soul is BLACK
Should you be counting illegals
Worried about some votes lizzie?
Wrong again @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump is not anti-immigrant he's anti illegal immigrant so immigrant citizens have NO worries
moronic babble from Pocahontas
probably not get all the Indians counted without your help Senator TPee
DT & The GOP are feckless thugs! Ticktock goes the impeachment clock #ImpeachmentHearingsNow
Worried about a census? Let's worry about preventing what happened in Rockville, MD! Any suggestions Liz?
especially when you can't use the dead and illegal immigrants for votes anymore. Maybe you can blame Russia
hey Pocahontas aren't you and your friends tired of being wrong. It's time to get on the Trump train. #MAGA
yes this is getting out of hand! No country leader should spread as much hate is trump does.
Pocahontas, you are the biggest fear-monger in Washington, with @SenSchumer a close second
His bigotry and hate? God forbid something happens to someone you love like this poor 14 yr old girl  by illegal. Liberal cooks!
Shame on you, disrespectful. Where are the facts to support your crazy talk? Do something useful please.
@VotingInMass not bigotry, keeping promise, upholding laws. Census...meh
dems selling our country for their own $$ gain disgraceful disgusting dispecable corrupt evil
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump It is not an unintended consequence.
Chilling indeed. The Senator is already too frightened to wear her Native American garments on the Senate floor
So SCARY!
I'm not sure I've ever encountered anyone with as much hatred in their heart as you do.
"hate" is what you spew regularly on twitter every single day
Elizabeth you are the poster child for hate.
you think maybe
Liberalism and Marxism have the same goal - make everyone equal, liberals are racist and destructive to humanity
Why do we need more census.  You can't support the needy citizens we hav, let alone illegals.
no one has shown more hate then YOU and your liberal Dems you have a lot of nerve
Census is for citizens not illegals, there, "Senator".  Used to determine representation in Congress
You might lose a couple of congressmen.
you forgot to use the word "illegal"...again
Money for programs for the most needed will not be given to people without a proper census.
you are not bigoted and hateful? Your screaming rants seem hateful and bigoted against anyone who doesn't agree
Hopefully the count is way down from illegal immigrants being deported or from them leaving the country
Dom't make it sound like a bad thing cuz most of us are glad that the law is finally being enforced
If we have so many illegals in our country it will affect the census, we have a huge immigration problem.
Liz when r u gonna learn? When U point only 1 finger goes out, and how many point back? Exactly!
Lizzy, you really are a JOKE! Resign and do our country a favor!
No hate. Just realistic considering murders, and rapes in Germany, France, Sweden.
@VotingInMass 
Your bigotry and hate has already done that.
Bigotry? Are U kidding me? Where are the illegal aliens that you care so much about? How many are living w/you?
Well if they have to lie, it means they are ILLEGAL!!
why are you making divisive slurs that have no basis whatsoever?  How is he a bigot?  Where is the hate?
There is a HUGE difference between LEGAL IMMIGRANTS and ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS SENATOR WARREN.
LOOK WHAT TWO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DID TO THAT POOR GIRL ANYONE WHO SUPPORTS SANCTUARY CITIES ARE JUST AS GUILTY.
@VotingInMass only for Dems voting cause u encourage illegals to vote!! Lost elections now illegals! Goto canada
Might that be a pale worry compared to what happened in UK today?
And just WHO is it that creates all that hate?! We only see it & its attacks from your side!What planet R U on ?
and Dems are worried all the illegals are going to not participate and they will lose further control.
he needs to go! No nominees no bills passed  until investigation is over
@AriesaSandino @realDonaldTrump The negative ramifications of Trump POTUS are endless and terrifying.
@VotingInMass ANCESTRY DNA LET'S CHECK OUT THOSE CHEEK BONES AND NOT THE SAGGY ONES INDIAN
Liz, look up the Definition of Bigotry, it = the Left word for word. Both sides are INTOLERANT #thealtmiddle.net
no your lies and treason are to be feared!
Why isn't anyone declaring a state of emergency? 45 under investigation? if it were reversed they would! pls do
how could anyone trust a word you say. You lied.  @realDonaldTrump
@lskurrus
not even  smart enough not to tweet on this subject as people in London are killed. U libtards r so enlightened.
So am I a bigot because I'm disgusted with what just happened in Rockville and believe Democrats should pay?
deportation will have bigger one.
Your President Obama was spying on a presidential candidate.
More hate in Warren. The Corrupt Communist Dem Party has shown Racist, Sexist, Divide Ppl, Only for Gov!
@Debbie022337 @realDonaldTrump
@CaptainsLog2017 @realDonaldTrump Waw, how come she prefer to be safe from weakness point? Look what happened to Europe
why? Cuz their here illegally. Get them out.
What about the effect on 14 year old girls? You should be ashamed of what has been created. Heads out of butts.
@VotingInMass Lizzy Here You Go again becoming The Fool Of Twitter. Look Old Lady, You and Your Party Failed SAD
 ILLEGAL ALIENS SHOULD NOT BE COUNTED IN OUR CENSUS!
Yes it would have a negative influence
Fid you know that spellcheck changes bigly to bigot?!?  lol
what is it with Dems that when they lose they resort to name calling what they really are not opponent. Losers!
Want to count every illegal and terrorist vote senator ? Cuz criminals always vote democrat
You think
the only one worried is you about your job!
You know your going to get voted out of office in 18 
Can't wait! 
In other words she want illegal votes and rigged elections...to be expected
maybe a better way to state it  is Warren wants illegal immigrant to be counted legally .
end the hate. End the bias. #resist
We have an Alibaba in POTUS placed there by the Russians
But yer bigoted towards & u hate Trump, not 2 mention your disdain for his constituents-Why is yer hate better?
Multimillionaire Elizabeth Warren: I’m not wealthy
Senator Warren is there a way to create a new census method online? Somehow anonymous - perhaps with an ID #?
please let them not steal SCOTUS as well ,having stolen the Presidency with Russians weapons
lol . No evidence ever. Not one shred to support your looney thoughts.
This is absolute bullshit. They have been hiding for years before Trump
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump So Massachusetts should potentially get more electoral votes due to illegals who are TOTALLY not voting, right?
@whitehouserogue @realDonaldTrump @SenWarren you are absolutely correct!!! Thanks for fighting for us, I appreciate you!
You support a liar? Who pretends to be a native american.
Trump is NOT the one filled with hate and evil.  Take a good long look in the mirror.  Terrorist supporter.
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/senate-dems-block-sanctuary-city-kates-law-bills/article/2595762 … Victims be damned Shame on you!
so people who broke the law are afraid to admit they broke the law and u are concerned about that? Why?
Senate should off #Manafort immunity for crimes committed in behalf of @POTUS. Then the truth will flow.
It's your hate and lies that fuel extremists. They think america is naive to their motives. Thanks to idiot libs
So you want to count illegals?
Can we do away with asking race and nationality on census?  Just ask where you were born and where parents born?
http://jamielshaw.com 
illegals sanctuary etc. How many would be out of jobs without the fake titles and labels
Listen. @POTUS is really not against Native Americans. He really dislikes those who lie & say they are.
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/herald_bulldog/2017/01/mother_of_man_killed_by_illegal_immigrant_insulted_by …
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump 

IGNORANCE AT ITS BEST
Worked for the census in the past -- NO ONE believed data is not shared with other agencies for purpose of ID
anti ILLEGAL immigrant .  Get it right, Nasty Woman.
Son let them move it your house Crazy Liz...
@VotingInMass only people with hate are Democrats and their liberal MSM. 100% Hate and inciting Violence.
Warren should be deported with the illegal aliens she loves so much, wouldn't want to separate them!
Can't deport her. She is a Native American. Ask her....
.@CatersonDavid what a comment @ddeadheadd! If you're all about our troops, do you not care about Trump quietly sending soldiers into Syria?
