Today, @HouseGOP are voting to make it legal for employers to cheat workers out of overtime. It's a disgrace.
Americans are fed up with a Washington that works great for giant companies but kicks hardworking people in the teeth.
Help us @SenWarren ! Your our only hope!
That's fn sad dude. Wtf
She sure seems to rile you guys up, so she must be doing something right. 
She is doing something right ok destroying America from within. What are actual accomplishments that have made lives easier for constituents
If you think she's the problem, and not the guy in the white house, I don't really think we have anything to discuss.
They should flat tax everything and stop having career politicians. Then immigration wouldn't be a Debt issue.
Soon... Liberal heads will explode when the Constitution is upheld according to the unbiased interpretation, instead of "feelings".
Want it your parties candidate that campaigned on laying the coal miners? Not to mention left the American workers high and dry with NAFTA
Why is the bill a disgrace, when the Government does this? Double standards.
Leave it to a democrat to go against something that benefits the American people. What is wrong withy comp time? Pathetic.
rep. Rhetoric is always anti-worker. It's not surprising to me.
Single moms working for me in CA lost 4-6 weeks pay a year since had no flexibility to support family due to OT rules.
Congress needs to work on impeachment of #Potus, and Conway needs to stop going on Tv.
How about you vote yourselves a pay CUT, give up elite benefits, WORK 22 days a month, and receive the same healthcare, retirement we do?
Sorry Warren but I Love the idea!!
Obamacare is gutting my family. My health costs have tripled. What about the middle class. You are burying us!!
They follow the model depicted in the movie "In Time". Watch it for the philosophical background, if not for entertainment.
Strongly agree!  But why do they so consistently vote against their own best interests?
Wow! Nothing coming from this "president" and his clown in Congress surprise me any more!  I hope everyone remember...
Sad that this is how Americans are after eight years of the Democrats . And you just said it
Warren says she is for working class, is worth between $3.7 million and $10 million.
Trump and GOP will gut America like a fish. The think we are stupid. But we are if we let them get away with it
You know all about gutting you alligator.
Thank you Senator Warren
Sounds very proletarian...very Bolshevik. Dah, Kommrade!
God help us all today....
Coincidentally, a majority of #GOP states do not #pay unused 'time-off' in the event of #termination... #voluntarily or #involuntarily.
You Democrats created this mess over time and you blame any Republican President that tries to fix your mess.
When does this overtime law go in effect???
Trump voters should be cutting their wrists 4 giving Trump & GOP permission to openly lie cheat and steal 2 crush Americans. Stupid people!
and one would think that a career politician such as urself  would have figured a way to do that by now  #keepdraining
And you have helped make it that way along with all the over paid politicians who could care less about anything except getting re-elected
NOTHING New! Employers been doing this for 15-20 yrs now.  Of course U wouldn't know cause u never worked in "Private Sector"
Absolutely ... The common workers are getting the shaft and the sad thing is they are not even aware of it!!  Please keep fighting
Confused by this. My emplys only work OT when business is behind or they need xtra $. How would bill affect these scenarios?
So why have you never spoken out against federal, state and local government employees having the option?
Absolutely! Also, we will tear down any wall....promise
You didn't read the bill. It gives it the first month of next year. It's a choice too.
They forgot people can go work agency or part-time somewhere to make up the money. Or start a side hustle job  like Task Rabbit. Uber.
Ms. Warren, I am from Mass. I now live in KY. I voted for you. Please tell me what we need to do to get this dangerous mad man out of the WH
Thought about creating more and better paying jobs. Training people. Did you support the acts and tax increases that pushed the jobs away?
just think how families could b helped if they could lie about their true nationality..could be Indians we all know that helped u
How do you reps of the people make $174k per yr yet retire with millions
Make ends meet? I can't get them to wave at each other! Keep resisting, sister.
It is a choice an employee and an employer can make together. How is this a bad thing?
Explain to me how anything is gutted. The only way it can be implemented is if it collectively bargained, or a private employee agrees to it
Unions fought for overtime when employers didn't want to pay anything for enforced servitude: Incarceration in or out. . .
Do we actually get to choose between them? I had colleagues forced to take comp time in lieu of overtime pay. Employers choose when = never
Tells you how little you know about the  working Americans many would prefer extra time off then time & half.  Family first!
You were right on this morning @Morning_Joe
You are good at pontificating let's see a commitment to the office!
I love you but, going after Obama for living the ultimate American Dream was a low blow.  Going after the 1st black Pres. What about GWB??
What do u know about making ends meet. U and Obama took more of my check then any other president in history
No bring your pay down to our level  and enjoy the good life again.
The GOP needs to mind their own business.
To think, Trump voters thought he would be there for them. WRONG, WRONG, WRONG
Americans are struggling, while the GOP strips more worker protections.  The GOP is all about the corporations!
Working families are exactly why republicans are in charge  socialists say help the people but they really want a political class in charge
You know what's funny lizzy the state you represent doesn't even pay 15.00 dollars an hr start at home you'll never be President only a prof
U are so right... I'm a single mom with 3 and working overtime to make ends meet
No. Congress needs to step back from thinking it can/should manage everyone's daily lives, finances, and families. UR out of UR mind, Warren
@repdavetrott  We don't have enough representatives with the experience of scarcity of resources or empathy to understand.
Correct!! I worked for "free" at the "phone" company as a manager. No pay for overtime & no time off either because we were too "busy" !!
Read the bill, they can still take the overtime pay, Pocahontas
It's up to the employer not the employee
What
Hey Liz @senwarren, democrat policies of the last 8 years had nothing to do with why they're scrapiing, of course.
Well get to Wik and get off tweeter
Creating an environment for businesses to add jobs is the best thing for working families.
I would rather have the time off. Stop trying to speak for me!
I am a healthcare worker and I will say this, what the republicans are doing will simply take precious lives!
It makes no sense how republicans brand healthcare coverage protections as social medicine so they can gut them
Let us decide what we want since you seem to take off so much and not do much for us.
You tweet too much.
Yes, but rich businessmen want to get rid of those "pesky regulations". If they can get away with it.
you did NOTHING while Obama was president. Such a hypocrite. You are such a phoney
I am assuming this is a tweet from the 19th century.
Maybe you and Bernie can collaborate and author some legislation. Bernie might not have done this before, so you'd have to walk him thru it.
Also OSHA whistleblower claims should be extended beyond the 180 day limit set by SarbOx now.
You are so right,I'm so glad for people like you to help us working class trying to make it under this administration
Elizabeth, no, just no. Hire new > sick, diseased worker who needs time off for medical attention. All about productivity!
Getting congress to do anything for the betterment of the country rather than pleasuring their assholes w/ their thumbs is becoming an issue
And maybe you should stop dissing Pres Obama and Hillary!
Free markets & less liberal govt programs are the answer. We don't need ur help. Let us be free. Read Milton Freedman
People are struggling after 8 years of Obama who did none of the things that you are now demanding from Trump. #PATHETIC
Keep in mind social security recipients haven't had a cost of living raise in 9 years
It was your party that made us the way we are today
Yes! Problem is we've got Gordon Gekko in the White House and he is an oily "shit head"
Government should should quit stealing  our money and let us fend for ourselves. If you quit offering free shit people can care fo themself
Regulations have to balance the needs of businesses and needs of workers.  Putting businesses out of business doesn't help anyone....
Did you work with families in the 90's who could meet their mortgage or evict them, put them on the street & make bank as an Native American
I agree stop rioting and burning cities and start making average Americans lives better, jobs, good schools, less taxes
And I'm not giving them control. These crazy white men need to be put in their place. Better fix themselves 1st. They all have dementia
We need to get these idiots out if office. There's no such thing as being proliferation & not believing in gun ctrl. THEY JUST WANT CONTROL
That's absolutely right. Trump removing every protection & benefit that exists. But Congress gets the best HC. We are not 2nd class citizens
what workers. If people had any brains they would pack up and leave this country.
What about $400,000 you're body (Obumer)received!!! For talk, what a scam the Dem's run  sad you play along!!
When will republican middle class realize GOP isn't working for them?? Sad
You should discontinue the excessive discretionary spending, reduce taxes, and allow us to get back to work. Your Utopia is dragging us down
agreed and Congress must start by giving up Pensions and starting a 401k like the rest of us
Yes, I'm a single parent @SenWarren. But you represent strengthening the state, not families. Don't pretend to be something you're not!
How about putting $ where your mouth is @SenWarren...no one wants to work over-time, or a 2nd job. How about not taxing those earnings?
Take a break Warren, you are outclassed
@SenWarren, I am honestly and truly scared. The hits keep coming; I worry about future quality of life for me and my family.  #nooneleft
WHY SHOULD WE BELIEVEVTHAT YOU WOULD DO SOMETHING NOW. YOU NEVER DID AND YOYVE BEEN IN CONGRESS FOR HOW MANY YEARS?
They either will are we are voting them out! Bye bye
American workers should cut your pay along with the rest of you senators to give back what you've stolen from us
Dems are so generous with taxpayers money I believe I am entitled to half of yours now! That how it works right
Build the wall to start with
Workers don't need protection, they need chocolate cake.
And how are u doing with your $490,000 fee for teaching one course
@SenWarren maybe we should cut your salary and pet projects you all want so we can make ends meet. Stop kicking the can down the road.
You got a professorship as a Native American and bought 3 expensive mansions ! Really !
I am appalled by the effect of GOP male white privilege.  We must vote them out of office
Peut-être que le Congrès devrait réduire ses salaires et ses avantages pour montrer un soutien aux familles qui travaillent.
The working families need to care enough to demand protections from the GOP.
And Senators running for POTUS shouldn't go after successful POTUS' who have left office and are making a living as a PRIVATE CITIZEN!
So you admit that the last 8 years has not improved anyone standard of living
Doesn't matter who's president people are still being gutted.
Well what happened over the last 8 years? Go ahead I'll wait.
and they should have the same insurance as the rest of us
Ya like the democratic party  gave. Shit about regular  people  ever.
Get them a par-time job like you and your husband.I believe both of you were making $300GRAND + a year working part-time.Oh FAUXKAHONTAS.
Yes!
What has been done the last 8 years?  Can't blame this on Trump.
This all the intelligence you can show by calling people names. Your very well represented by Comrade Trumpov.
If you wanted to protect the American worker redo all the unfair trad agreements and build the wall to stop the flow of cheap labor
So... on childcare. Higher costs or lower pay for workers?
We need to move ahead. Ahead with real concerns of the American people. Thank you @SenWarren for being spot on all the time.
What is happening in America and to American?
Blah blah blah
Many state legislatures spent the past year gutting workers' rights & protections #iowa
Pocahontas $13 million net worth. Pretty good for a public employee.
How about you give up 3 of your houses? #TheTruth
Thank you for speaking for us!
For years you were so quiet. But now that you don't control house or senate and trump is in . All I see is a big sore loser
Spending less never occurred to you?
Protections don't pay the bills. Good jobs do. And the govt kills good jobs. Go home to your teepee squaw.
When did you work a day in your life?
You said you wanted republicans to donate their bodies to science so that you could cut them open. How demonic of you.
Judith, You got that right..We never forget.
Elizabeth Warren you are a silly clown
I agree, but isn't that MO of the GOP?
They got the sheep votes so they don't need their service any longer.
Trump has been President 100 days. If families are scraping to make ends meet, what have the democrats and you been doing the last 8 years?
Exactly!   The stupid is strong with these idiots
that's funny how the hell does congress help workers when all it does is take from workers to give to non workers.what a load
@realdonaldtrump But remember that Trump is the "Reverse" Robin Hood - Taking from the Poor and Giving to the Rich!
That was a stupid comment on its face
Was going to quote SNL about Trump - But bich, he cray!
Actually, Americans want Congress to stay out of it.  End corporate subsidies, cut govt spending, let free enterprise work for the economy..
How about lowering the stifling tax burden then?
Quit talking and start acting
Did the vote pass? Too busy at my shitty job to see the results.
FML just saw it passed. Thanks Republicans.
Why don't you talk to your math legislators that just voted themselves to 40% wage increase on the mass taxpayers back stupid hypocrite
Gotta Love Liz!  Like a dog with a bone. :)
all of congress and the senate should be gutted of their pensions, salaries, healthcare entitlements received for doing nothing but bicker!
8 years of an anti-American Socialist hurt working families.  If Liz had solutions we'd know it by Now!!!
Exactly! Working families have been gutted by Obama for the past 8 years! Thankful for Trump!!
Are you that ill? Are you salaried? At minimum wage people need overtime just to eat.
Minimum wage jobs were never meant to be career positions. Additionally, most can make more with overtime pay that salaried workers.
Where did you get that information from? If everyone was salary you wouldn't get have the services your pampered ass is use to!!
I'm used to? You know nothing about me. One year ago my ex left my children and I homeless. There was nothing pampered about it.
Couldn't have been that big of a surprise tht he left you...I'm sure you saw it coming and had your little nest egg prepared.
You're a hypocrite for slamming President Obama. Go get Bernie's supporters.
Is that why you pay women in your office less?
Leverage US economic power to get global workplace safety!
Partisan showboating. You're better than this.
CONGRESS SHOULD HAVE LOW BASELINE BENEFIT'S PACKAGE. ALL AMERICANS SHOULD HAVE THE SAME SINCE WE ARE PAYING FOR IT!
You are a Turd!
Not waking up fast enough. By the time they do our country will truly be in shambles.
For & years kur leaders have been touting part time jobs in the job market as "New" jobs. Smoke screens, horrible effort
What is wrong with her. She says positive things then turns around with negativity. Don't get her.
Or quit electing tax and spend liberals.
I thought past 8 years were wonderful??????
Tired of struggling
Well, do your job.
Unfortunately the liberal democrats like you Squaw Indian have been out of touch with America or did you forget why your party lost already!
No I haven't forgotten because Russia interfere in the voting with fake news an FBI comey's lies
No evidence. But keep spewing.
It is evidence that's what all trolls say
No evidence that Russia did anything. Just propaganda.
Yep that darn Russian Storm Trooper right there in the voting booth made me vote Trump 
Trump didn't win the popular vote, you know that,  right? Lost by quite a bit.
Don't even try to talk to deplorables, they're brainwashed and brain dead. Like #Potus gives a damn about them, they'll Learn soon enough
