Anyone who has ever dealt with @WellsFargo already knew they were blatantly crooked. Tried to swindle my friend's 89yo mother on a mortgage.
She can reach us directly by sending an email to HLSocial@wellsfargo.com (no acct #). We'd like the opportunity to try to help. ^LM
It's long over, I cancelled the refinance. What kind of jerk sells a refi to an elderly lady with fees that take 10 years to break even?
I understand. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us if you need assistance in the future. ^CC
There is exactly zero chance I would ever use your bank for anything. Have a nice day.
Sort of like being make believe native American to scam some benefits. U know all about improper practiced Pocahontas!!!!
Did they catch the people that used their brothers and other relatives names to take advantage of the housing crisis?  Hmm
And that's ok, because nothing will happen to them anyway. Why should they change?
Didn't you give @WellsFargo a few hundred million in TARP money?
thanks Lie So Much, woo, woo
Do you have the letter showing how you and other Senators knew of the IRS scandal and helped orchestrate it?  We do.
Big banks knowingly defrauding their clients, using their private info, FOR YEARS! YEARS! And tRump wants MORE of it
Grrrr!!! What pigs that made billions in corrupt acts. Sounds like GOP campaigns to ruin the US & constitution to thumb nose at Obama? Evil
They should be prosecuted. Maybe even have to appear in front of Congress like the mobsters did in the 50s.
Wal-Mart is still a customer so nothing changes.
Damn. KPMG sat on its hands again! re HSBC & myriad cease-and-desist letters from FBI. Wheres @PCAOB_News?
And yet the stockholders voted, narrowly, to retain the board. Big institutional investors don't care. I'm moving my accounts, but to where?
you should check out BB&T. saf
Scandalous behavior on their part.
#Crooked Bank!!
You released a letter ! What are you doing about it? Having a cocktail in celebration miss millionaire !

MAGA 

Hmmm. Collusion & just like the board, nobody jailed. Well done.
They are so sleazy and they have been that way for a long time. Sleaze is an executive requirement at Wells.
I have no idea how they are still in business!
Just plain wrong!
Of course they knew.
Just divested myself of them.
As the deplorables would say, "Lock them up!"
Wells took our home - we tried loan mod. Wells cited "investor limitations", wouldn't name investor. Advice?
It's a perfect example why the big banks need tighter regulations, & a person of high intelligence to enforce them. Like Sen. Warren!
Then why r they still in biz &/or not fined up the wazu? Were problem when Obama did stress test on banks - WF failed worse than Citicorp.
Yeah great but they were not the only institution who "legally robs" folks. What'r  they going to do with the downing of 401k's of retirees.
You are working ? A shocker
Thank you, Senator Warren!
Most Americans knew that, just didn't have leadership during that time to take Action! Not one person prosecuted! Care to explain? @POTUS
Then why do you accept money from them?
Where were you Pocahontas ?
And Trump wants to roll back regulations?!? That's why things like this are in place to keep big banks like @WellsFargo from doing this...
YOU our Congress & Senate did NOTHING after the 2008 collapse to ensure this would not happen EVER again. ALL responsible walked like you.
Of course they knew
You acting as an financial overseer is laughable
What about the 600 million y'all lost where that money go probably in Democrats pockets
I feel sorry for all the hard working customers that were bamboozled by this horrible bank.
I think we can safely say that they suck!
Bank at credit unions!
They have NCUA insurance. They don't govern under FDIC. They aren't safe!
Uh, isn't policing this type of illegal behavior a government responsibility. My bad, you can't because you take money from Wall Street
Lovely....... RUSSIAGATE RUSSIAGATE NOW
Of course they knew - they're the ones that created the problem with ridiculous goals and being greedy
Don't forget to place some blame on the auditors & Feds. If they had done their jobs, they would have seen fraud reflected in the books.
How DID you amass 9 million dollars on your salary? I really want to know Check out this story on CNNMoney:
Here's an interesting article/ Check out this story on CNNMoney:
Ug.. heep bad. Big wampum box makum braves open account with no say. You heep powerful squaw makum voice big to stop bad plan. Heep good
I do not understand how they are not criminally liable. They essentially stole people's identities to reach numbers. They should be in jail.
Then answer 2 ur previous question obvious. Board will  give them a pass. B afraid not 2, bc then they themselves might be held accountable.
They're still holding homes hostage from Hurricane Sandy in NYC. They will not settle w the state buyouts & have left people desperate.
Most companies will do anything for money and they occasionally get caught. Problem is that the mild consequences make it worth the while.
answer me this sen. why do rich not go to jail for thier crimes just a little fine?
And now you will reward them with more regulations that drive small regional banks out of business.
Ah shut up!
Comey was on the board of HSBC.. That bank in recent years was found to be laundering money.. Nasty business
Senator - don't you know the solution is LESS regulation?  It always works.  Let the foxes guard the hen house....
If corporations are people, when are they going to start being jailed or executed? All assets frozen (prison) or seized (execution)
back in the 80's Wells Fargo laundered money for a Colombian drug cartel.. HSBC more recently..
Great job, now focus your efforts on the next set of criminals.
Is anyone going to prison?
can you get Hilary to go down to them & tell them to cut it out
and who will go to jail? No one, we have seen it over and over with Wall Street criminals. Take the golden parachute and go home. Disgusting
Note from GOP - PLEASE run for President- Trump would eat you up and spit you out. Please run!
Duh almost all the banks are doing or have done this in the past bank are the second worst in sell American out next to farmers
OMG! Hence the needs for regulations.
Whaaa

I start to believe that you are not a big fan of the big banks.
And I take it they "Really cared"
Keep up the good fight Senator you have a long struggle with this corrupt congress and fake POTUS.
Go get 'em!
Keep fighting the good fight @SenWarren!!!
Go get em! Contact me Re:@SarahPalinUSA  claiming stake on #fightlikeagirl it's my company! Rape Escape http://www.fightlikeagirl.com 
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!
Go chase a rabbit down a hole snow flake
