Wells Fargo mortgage the night before WF has to notify all the consumers they illegally made UN-Authorized accounts DELETE DELETE DELETE
Hahaha! The night before? That's every night at @WellsFargo !
Yes you're absolutely right!!
you are damn right - how about we break up some banks-pay us little guys back our tax $
Hell to finish freezing over.
Allrighty then!
Wells Fargo forged my name to my $65K flood insurance check unbeknownst2me I'm still displaced over 1 year now since great flood August 2016
#WellsFargoMortgageFraud WF #FelonyForgery my name2 my Flood insurance check still displaced over1year #Hostage #FraudLoanMod #FraudClosure
Wells Fargo the night before they have to notify consumers of the unauthorized opened accounts n make restitution ... DELETE DELETE DELETE
In the early 2000's Wells Fargo added a 28,000D home equity line of credit that I didn't request. Didn't use it.
Would you like me to review your concerns? Pls DM your name, phone #, and address for me to get started (no acct #). Thanks. ^AS
I think every board member from each banking system should be removed because they are all crooks and every politician should be removed from office because they're all crooks as well.
Probably waiting for their golf schedule to clear up
Save $1Trillion per year: Cut 20% of Government Employees and Pay Rest at 15% Below Private Sector  https://www.change.org/p/president-of-the-united-states-save-1trillion-cut-20-of-government-employees-and-pay-rest-at-15-below-private-sector?recruiter=15211170&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=share_petition …
Does this standard apply to political scandals as well? Like illegal contributions or falsely claiming to be Native American?
The lobbyists are controlling this?
How do we fight corruption?  Banks a few years were removed from doing business.  Why not for Wells Fargo?
GET INFORMED AND VOTE WITH YOUR WALLET EVERY F'ING DAY!!!
They're waiting for you to run for president instead of hiding like a coward for your psychopathic pal, HRC.
...and send them to prison. For a very long time.
Many local banks and credit union's actually serve their respective communities (by keeping the money in the community).
So what's your plan @SenWarren?
Elizabeth Warren 2020.
You should recommend prison time for all of them. The buck stops with management. It's time for lots of bankers to see the inside of a cell!
Wells Fargo are cats covering up crap ! Then government BAILS WF out while politicians help WF scoop out and clean it up n say...What crap?
How long are you going to sing that stale old song? Has the fed acted on your advice yet? Do they even hear you? Bock bock bock 
Agreed
Thank you senator Warren for taking a stand against trump, you and Joe kennedy 111 and Sanders are what we need
I agree!!  They are beyond despicable!
They are crooks. What do you expect, honest behavior
What a shit show! Waiting for the gov't to police is futile... the financial community owns them.
Where was Obama when this scheme took off?
10M American families fraudulently made homeless during the 8 years of the Obama administration
I'm sure they are waiting to see which cabinet position they'll be in.

It's devastating to watch nothing be done
They are wating to buy another senator or congressman and let this go away.  #noconsequensesfortherichjustmoretaxbreaks
To whose campaign are they donating to?
What about every Jooo on the Federal Reserve while you are at it? Or even simpler, end the Federal Reserve.
As always a publicity hound will willingly harm any one to purchase notoriety and votes a truly vile creature
Are they investigating the putting posts even deposits of cash off paid and put on pending so they could charge hundreds/month in of fees?
Over a 5mo period I paid over 2k in of fees for posts, that showed paid, over and over
Senator! Continue to call them out
Mass fraud/forgery committed but not a single one has been criminally prosecuted. Unbelievable.
Problem is new ones will arrive, key is how do We watchdog the corporations to protect the people.
Go girl, get rid of them. Replace with Russians, then you would have another thing to cry about.
@Post_Truth_Era @federalreserve @WellsFargo I'd like to see investigation into their overdraft fees policy.
If this happens which it won't roll that back... way back-like 10 years  n steal our homes.
when Bush destroyed the AmericanDream n allowed the criminals to reward themselves
If they had any decency, they'd resign.
every time  I find myself backspacing my tweets, like words yet spoken, I stop to re-think, doing that now. "buck stops here," sure, but
Bankers are used to  getting away with everything. They've been doing this for years. Who is "they"? Themselves? C'mon!
Better still, the Fed should take over the bank, and clean house  WF resembles a near-criminal enterprise.
About the only thing I agree with you
Yet another company that chump had big investments in!
waiting for you to pay back the scholarship you received from yr university bc you are Native Indian.
All this proves is that banks are not too big to fail, they are too big to punish or destroy.
The federal reserve needs to be done away with first. Then you can worry about the banks going under if they deserve it.
And we should remove all senators from the capital starting with you
Fraud? Is Pocahontas complaining?
They're waiting for permission from Wells Fargo.
can you match president Trump's donation to Texas please?
If only Bill Clinton hadn't deregulated the banks.
You should be removed for lying ! I bet you take campaign money from them !
Elizabeth, you do not care, you are for any cause that you feel will make you look good. You’re the biggest hypocrite in government!
The @federalreserve should be removed.
Even a blind pig finds a truffle once in awhile
They wouldn't fire their brothers, sisters, cousins, in-laws... that's family. No, you just give family a slap on the wrist.
They're hoping for bonus checks?
Why? They are just board members, they hire other personnel and trust the reports given. How could they have known what was going on?
Another Obama bank bailout scandal. Remind me again why we bailed @WellsFargo out & why they still receive 1.5 billion over next 6 yrs?
It can't outright do that, but they sure should impose massive penalties on them and their C-Level management.
they, like you are waiting for this season of BALLERS to end to see if The Rock will bring a team to Vegas.
But you look the other way re: #fanniegate ?? $FNMA $FMCC. What are you waiting for ??
Why hasn't @wellsfargo been broken up, shut down, criminal prosecutions pursued, & yes, the board replaced. Disgraceful. - BrooklineMA voter
OH OH I KNOW THIS ONE is it Leadership?  Oh sorry, was I supposed to raise my hand?
Remove? How about prosecute?
Government excepting multimillion dollar fines for penny on the dollars for profits never jailing any banker because POLITICAL influence
Waiting for everyone to forget.
Listen to Senator Warren and do the right thing and show you care about people!
No Senator. They should revoke their charter.
Your right we should remove every senator who was in office when Hillary gave away everything starting with u and McCain I should all be ban
Better yet, treat @wellsfargo like a poor person who stole a can of Pepsi or had a little weed and send their asses to jail for years.
Why do they still have a bank charter? Seems like this is gross malfeasance and/or mismanagement.
Is the Ceo and other top officials Republican??????

Close the doors.
Get 'em out!!
What does the Fed have to do with it? The DOJ should do it. Civics 101?
Unfortunately, this is the culture at most banks. I have an email from 2014 when I left WF retail telling them why I left. No one cared.
And Elaine Chao?  What about that thief?
Waiting for a paltry fine and a slap on the wrist. Not one Chief Officer will lose their job and probably still award themselves bonus #scam
Probably an invitation!!!
Ditto, instead they go after the front line service representatives. Scandalous. 
 Liz 

Finally I agree with this nut job
Proud of you! 
The "wait" is just b/c this bank got caught don't think for a min all other big corp-banks- institutions aren't doing the dirty too...SOP?
They have no sense of shame & no system of Justice exists. That was easy.
The right thing to do is: Dissolve WellsFargo, write off all accts as loss, refund consumers all funds deceptively taken, jail the board ...
Where are the bank regulators? Why is @WellsFargo still operating? Isn't there enough evidence? I was one of the first whistleblowers
Get rid of the @federalreserve itself!
If this can happen on the federal level it can happen at judicial and presidential levels..
Actually I am hoping they will remove you soon.
What do you know, a first for everything. I agree with you senator Warren!
I'm starting by removing my money.
Sad that people put there hard earned money at this bank! Trusting that they would do the right thing! And they just continued with scams!!!
Those folks probably contributed a lot of money to Republican election and re-election campaigns, that's why the wait.
Due process?
Hell yes!!!
3.5 MILLION unauthorized accounts.  3.5 MILLION counts of fraud.  Wells Fargo does not deserve to remain in business!! Shameless criminals.
That's So True.....#Boycottwellsfargo
Why didn't Elizabeth Warren aka,Pokeyhauntus catch this practice before hand???
Remove? They should be arrested for identity theft.
The checks to clear...
Not until Republicans are publicly shamed into voting for it.
The scandal goes back much longer than you think Senator Warren.  They are lying.
Perhaps the Fed isn't acting because OCC is Wells' primary regulator (good point, but beat up the right bad guy)  (https://www.ffiec.gov/nicpubweb/nicweb/InstitutionProfile.aspx?parID_RSSD=451965&parDT_END=99991231 …)
..theyre waiting for Congress to force them on that move.  With all due respect...when will that be Senator?
Remove yourself also please.
The Federal Reserve should be audited and then stripped of monitary decision making.
I've often asked myself the same question abt congress and senate 
They should be in jail
When do these people go to jail?   To greedy to fail.
Where there is money. There are strong holds.
Maybe you should also remove every lazy and currupt politician at the same time
Not board members.    The corporate management.
Wells Fargo probably owns D.C.
Hey silly !  They're waiting for it to die down and go away
Waiting for enough regulations to be lifted so this behavior is legal?
Total Inactivity and self absorption!  The GOP just stands for ME ME ME!!
I think they should remove all of y'all for the same thing
Since when does the fed have the power to do this?
Wells Fargo should also pay a fine of at least $1000 for each fraudulent account!!!
u do know -
I can also think of a couple of old hags we could also remove.
I don't believe that the Fed has the power to simply remove board members. The Fed would need to prove their case and then have then act.
Don't hold your breath, they are reversing all protections!
What about all the scandals under @TheDemocrats ?
Can we get even a teeny spoonful of corporate accountability once in a while?
No of course not silly! This is when corporations suddenly aren't 'people' and therefore won't have any accountability in the matter #SCAM
Agreed!
Prosecute & punish just like Madoff
Then remove every senator if being in office is all is required culpability for scandals & illegal behavior. 4 senators convicted last 6 yrs
First let us see who is on your donor list.... I doubt you will.

In total agreement w/ Sen Warren CEO is blaming unrealistic sales goals. Sloan must be pretty incompetent to not know #scam
SHIT! How I've got to close my WF accounts?
How is @WellsFargo still allowed to function?
They do exactly what you did Elizabeth during the primary :they're waiting.
yes you do
I'm a pretty cynical guy but I honestly think Wells Fargo and its board should be brought to its knees in penalties.
Please see what you can do to help remove them. I'm with you
They are waiting for you to forget about it.
Why are YOU waiting? End the Federal Reserve charter.Congress has the authority!Corrupt board members will be replaced with the same scum 
If they removed everyone involved in the @wellsfargo scandal there would be no one left @wellsfargo, @federalreserve or @congress.gov
I agree 100%. I am one of many who have been victimized by banks opening accounts and doing transactions in our names. Can you say OPM HACK.
I thought your government-heavy legislation fixed everything?  I just applied or a loan and had to jump through multiples of hoops.  Bad!
Senator Warren why has no one ever gone to jaii for the massive fraud banks were engaged in that destroyed the world economy?
The bank should be charged with 3.5m counts of ID theft and have all its assets liquidated.
I'm guessing a pat on the back from Trump and a sack of rubles.
OUR GOVERNMENT UNDER CROOKED TRUMP WILL PROTECT CROOKED BIG BUSINESS. SENATORS LIKE YOU MUST DEMAND REFORM
I agree. Claw backs from SEC and other regulators who failed during the last eight years should also occur.
Not waiting. No intention whatsoever. Not even on there radar.
Second.
The American People NEED take back the dollar and remove @federalreserve. I don't know what @SenWarren is waiting for. She's just a puppet
Then it would damage their friendship
The @DiehlForSenate should remove the fake Indian and every other American hating, self serving liberal from congress. Real Diehl Time!
They are waiting for hell to freeze over
Does the Fed Res have the authority to do that??
They're waiting for the last check to clear. 
#DrainTheSwampMyAss 
#RESIST
The average person would be convicted of Fraud. Why not these jerks at Wells Fargo workers and execs
Congress should be impeaching Trump and every cabinet member. I don't know what they're waiting for.
not just board members.  Executives as well. Someone should be going to jail.
lol you know it's not going to happen. The are going to fine then a day pay
lock them up!
Yep
Board is much more likely to approve big executive bonuses than be removed by the Fed...
For us to forget......
Audit the federal reserve. Say that poco
They're protected by politicians willing to turn their head. No cut on you senator. Banks get away with crimes every second of every day.
They own us!
I really can hear the paper warrior's voice when reading this. Its so loud
That's what happens when you all sleep in the same bed! I wonder if Gov't will ever take care of its people.
Are there any Wells Fargo members working in senior management of the Fed? How about nationalizing the Fed & creating positive money Senator
The federal reserve appeared to be in cahoots with the banks, that why the banks get away with these types of things.
Had enough? Make the execs (not the shareholders) pay the fines and banks won't behave this way.

http://money.cnn.com/2017/08/31/inv … via @CNNMoney
The fed must be confusing Wells for Goldman Sachs...what else could it be.
They haven't received their additional bonus and severance package yet. Their waiting for another big payoff
I KNOW. They hope people will move on. Crooked people don't care
This abuse will only stop when bank officials are thrown in jail. Fines are a meaningless cost of doing business.
Dear Senator Warren, I don't know why you aren't our president! Well, I do know why, but I sure wish you were POTUS instead of this !
Me either!
Ha! These criminals are friends! AND, WHY DOES THE federal reserve EVEN EXIST!? This is a fake entity created BY THE RICH FOR THE RICH!
It to blow over
