Again Liz Warren lied. Dr Price was very clear except for the times she wouldn't let him reply. Disgrace
That's because he realizes that VALUE (care per $) is more important than overall spend. You're a sound byte politician.
I expect cuts.
I expect congress to raise their own wages but not public
Oh they arlready did.
He said he wants to offer better quality & if he can do that & save $$=win win for all
@ZulaQi @zeitgeistbabe @MonsterMarcia #Veterans #Law Chaos & Distractions = Profit OVER People https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
Rep Price not going to get confirmed - instead should face charges
Thank you Senator Warren! You truly are one of our heroes!
So....is she Native American...or no...
Warren is the most brilliant, ethical woman in DC fighting greed on wall street, GOP insider trading & taking on corrupt banks
only to remove undocumented from free unwarranted benefits #enough
@StoneZone @HHSGov @realDonaldTrump @YouTube 
Really admired the way you questioned Price and de Vos.
@SSWorks @HHSGov @realDonaldTrump @YouTube but will you stand up and do something about it? Your record lately isn't great
please run for office 2020.. 
Stop running for president!
thank you Senator! You used your last few seconds directly & artfully to try to expose the truth
Thank you! You're an amazing person, smart and brave.
Senator Warren, we need you to continue to champion the public. Please don't let up!
Great exchange. Words matter. Promises matter. All gov't officials must be held accountable.
WORDs matter?!! Since when? Since BO said if you like your DR. you can keep him?
I am hoping you are not an advocate of two wrongs make it right.  Words SHOULD matter.
Not when they're not followed up with action. They are meaningless in the end.
And our job is to make sure promises are kept.  Words should matter, lies must be challenged.
You should have told Obama to put back all the medicare money he took out of there for illegals aliens instead out of two sides of your face
some time u got to get down in the dirt with these coners
i love hearing her say "President Elect Trump" after being so sure he'd never get there LOL
This is not good
by the way, I am an Independent.
thank you for not giving up and not surrendering. and victory in our U.S.A.
you did not seek to understand his response. You sound like a child.
SHAMEFUL AND SAD!
Appropriations for government programs is a legislative, not an executive, decision.
so proud u r there looking out for fairness n justice thank u so much
States run Medicaid on their dollars. Medicare will have dollars back when the illegals are taken off
please keep giving them hell!
thank you Senator Warren. Behind you 100.
keep fighting and demanding answers! We all depend on you. Tom Price is not honoring Trump pledge.
Thank you for standing up for us Sen. Warren! Keep these puppets and jokers on the hot seat!
Thank you for being everyone's Senator. Thank you .
And did he say Trump might over-rule him?
.@SenWarren You go, girl!
The PRICE is too high at any PRICE!
U didn't seem to understand his answer. @RepTomPrice can improve #Medicare's terrible current benefits, cut cost 10%. Sounds good
Yes, Seniors and their families are waiting, watching closely, Metrics my foot! BULL!
You can't believe anything they say. That's why background checks are so important. Investigate
you've been rocking your questions Senator Warren. Thank you!
You know who always does what he says?  Bernie Sanders.  The guy you should have endorsed.
Republican Party the new American Mafia  No longer a nation of laws traditions or mutual respect #Hatred
you knew that answer before you asked
What? Where is the integrity of the commitments from the President-elect?
Thank you Senator Warren!  Words matter.  We must hold thenPresident to his.
Thread is being overrun by #GOP bots
I don't think you actually shut up long enough for him to give an intelligent answer.
Good job! Thanks and ignore the right wing hate comments. They just learned about Twitter from  @realDonaldTrump
I'm not sure if you have heard it, but I definitely want to thank you for all of your hard work and dedication to the American pl
You worried abt life after politics?

Please, Senator Warren I implore you to fight for Medicaid and Medicare!
You rock Senator Warren!  Thanks for fighting for our parents and our future! @SenWarren @HHSGov @realDonaldTrump
How many jobs have YOU created? Listen 2 yourself on TV and see if u r proud of yourself.
Please don't let @RepTomPrice cut Medicaid, trying to get it, & without it I'll die a slow painful death
Wrong answers wrong man. Demand our rights.
he just wouldn't commit. Refuses to accept metrics used. Will hurt people. Grill him hard. Good work!
I can't believe how easily YOU LIE! Your Grandstanding SHOULD be embarrassing!
once again no knowledge and can't answer SIMPLE QUESTIONS!!! TRAGIC. HE WASN'T READY!
Not shaking hands with DeVos shows the low level of professional integrity and character that Democrats, Socialists, demonstrate.
@progressive_va @HHSGov @realDonaldTrump AARP lobbyists could not compete against Koch trillions.
congress has broke the Medicare system. No money. Going broke.
Yup!!
Campaign promises are just that..Promises! Does this prove Trump's a lier?
#LOCKHIMUP do not allow a sitting Senator set tone for next 4yrs.  Lye, cheat under color of Authority
I think they are fooled to all of us and when he get a oath this Friday and get surprised us!!!
@YouTubeDT won't touch Medicare,  then   nominate Price to do his Dirty Work. He operates like a coward
can anything be done to stop this nonsense?
We are still waiting for his answer on your question.
evasive. Trump said no cuts to Medicare/caid/soc sec. trump and staff need to live up to this
I can't imagine people that voted for trump did it so their mother or grandmother would loose Medicare
Congress needs to stay out of healthcare. U know NOTHING about how the real healthcare system works. Totally OBLIVIOUS
Keep on keeping on and we will too!!!  They want tough jobs,  they should be able to answer the tough questions.
thanks to the last 8y those programs will have to be cut. It's not TRUMPS fault y'all spent $$ we didn't have!!
don't vote him in!
Thanks for fighting the good fight
He wouldn't even ANSWER the question. He was completely rude about it. It was obviously a"no"
About as stupid as your question to Dr. carson on HUD money. Forget 2020 Faux Indian.
Warren we've ask you to go back to sleep. Go play with your corrupt friend Hillary Pay for Play.
@HHSGOV1  Can't even utter a simple YES or NO.  Just keeps on tap dancing around the question. 
#shady
How can he even be considered given his obvious insider trading ?
Demanding yes/no answers to questions that DESERVE elaborate answers prove that Warren's goal is smear.
These nominees have all been nightmares. I'm disappointed and a little scared.

WE WILL NEVER SEE HIS TAXES..NEVER..
WHY IS HE GETTING THIS. "
PASS" !!!???
How the hell did u get elected?
Stupid voters!
He shouldn't be confirmed. He's not for the people .

LOVE freedom of speech little lady youa are such a joke youa need gov. $$ my word is my bond $2.1 mill 4 ur cambrige estate lol..
or should Patricka but bid? World wide little person why wont youa answer little person bring it toa the web youa nothing.
Leading question and you know it. Both will bankrupt us all if not reformed.
Honestly, if you're not running in 2020, what's the point?! @SenWarren

Classless Elizabeth Warren refuses to shake Betsy DaVos' handLiberals are unhinged!(VIDEO) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/01/outrageous-elizabeth-warren-refuses-shake-betsy-devos-hand-video/ …
warren you are a dump truck. Republicans give up their guns fine, if not we'll take them. Leave office.
;Warren, a media suck up. Nothing you have voted for is working. Just go away, you are a waste of time.
what if we cut expenses? My boot for my broken leg cost $400. Thats crazy
I can't even. What.
I can't comprehend the heartlessness of these nominees. So many people will suffer from Trump's administration.
huh
give em hell Liz.
she gave them demon like spew and the whole room was like. Ok!
You didn't give him much of a chance even answer your questions as you kept answering them for him!
she cannot hear truth. Remember she is a liar and cheat.
Terrific job Ms. Warren! Keep making it real!  You are doing a great job. (my husband says he enjoyed your book) lol
real?!
Elizabeth, you were extremely rude.  One can differ in opinion, ask real questions and be polite.
answer was yes or no .. Simple.. He wouldn't answer.. U defend that?
She cut him off and answered her own question.  Why bother asking?
because they are given two minutes.  That's why it's limited to yes or now answers.  Give more time...
Thank you to you and your staff for all of your hard work holding @RepTomPrice and #trump accountable. It was beautiful to watch.
accountable to what?! We laughed.
can I borrow $400 thousand, pocahontas?
You fail @SenWarren. Any budget SHOULD be cut if $ are not properly spent. Scrutiny is long overdue. #FearMonger

u r a jokester

Cripe, he's the last person to be in  human services.   You have to have heart for that.
indeed he does. He's amazing. Just not bothered by Warren's deplorable behavior.
To the Honorable Senator Warren.The HHS nominee is human.He does not want to commit,baby steps
I asked God to send u back to the reservation u came from but he told me ur 100% WASP
Thank you Senator Warren, I truly hope your efforts don't fall on deaf ears!
Keep going Elizabeth. You make us proud!
a lot of us are embarrassed by her.
To all the LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES
so what I heard was you asking if we have 12 in the program and only need 6 that the 6 remains
this make no sense whatsoever government waste thank God for President Elect Trump
Elizabeth Warren keep up the good work
I love Elizabeth Warren!
why?!
Keep them accountable Elizabeth Warren!! Thank u for getting out the truth!
We need to be aware!  Watch the hearings!
thank you for pushing this issue and standing up for her  American people!
what issue?!
Thank you!
We SHOULD cut Medicaid for "don't have!"
Thanks, Sen. Warren! Price would be terrible for HHS.
what a lovely brilliant man. Further demonstrated in response to your repugnant manner.
Tom Price cannot be confirmed! What are the chances of that?
none. He's awesome.
thank you for standing up for the majority
that's funny.
when does the impeachment begin?
Sorry, BO is gone in 2 days. Too late!
they're all liars, they're toadies for the chief liar!
ok their sunshine.
Don't cut him any slack Sen Warren, keep cracking that whip!! Let him know what's up
Sen WaWa need a coloring book and a safe space?
doesn't sound like she needs that to me. One who uses baby talk to call her "wawa" might tho.
awwwwwwwwwwww tissues sweetie?!
He has his own agenda to benefit his rich colleagues and friends
only jail time can stop him... in the words of Trump supporters "Lock Him Up"... inside trading is a crime
Thank you for the work you are doing @SenWarren !
Take a look @ the man sitting next 2 u expression as u acted like Satan 2 her. He was shocked
Thank you Senator Warren.Your questioning of Price and DeVos made me proud to be a @TheDemocrats
too funny
Thank you for asking. We are so grateful for all your great work!
hey all. TOM PRICE WILL TAKE YOUR MEDICARE AND GIVE IT TO THE SUPERRICH. #DontMakeAmericaTerrible
Right! After BO took our healthcare and gave it to NO ONE!!!
Keep up the good fight, Senator!
Awesome we need to cut the excess baggage
Thanks for exposing DeVos for what she is - a wealthy fraud
You are thanking a wealthy fraud for exposing a supposed wealthy fraud.
you gave him a whopping is what you did!
no she didn't. What an angry loser!  Laughable coming from a lying fraud.
Every answer was code, " everyone will have access" .
and we all know what that means, out of reach for the most vulnerable. Either out of reach
by virtue of miles for women seeking healthcare or financially impossible.
This idiot must not be confirmed period. He will be disastrous.
aren't they all disastrous?
look, if he profited on this stick trade by virtue of his position that should disqualify him
I don't care how competent or knowledgeable he is cant have that; no way
she has won her elections.
No kidding. We just elected a #commanderintweets - that's sure to have fallout
I am not one bit surprised! This one is in it only for himself!!
you stood your ground...#proud
rude bunch of lying Democrats. Keep it up. Your doing great. 
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-biggest-hypocrite-elizabeth-pocahontas-warren/article/2592680# …!
