Data nerds at the CBO confirm that the @SenateGOP “health care” bill would knock 32 million off their insurance.
It’s time for the @SenateGOP to drop this “health care” bill for good – and do it immediately.
Trump is on TV taking serious special cases from Obamacare , however, the man with all the answers has not a one for healthcare NOT A ONE!!
He just stated Dems are saying things and do nothing SO DONT YOU TRUMP U DO THE SAME EXACT THING!!! You are no better than anyone,
"Fauxcahontas, Pocahontas, Liawatha," YOU are the embarrassment.
We have Medicaid n Medicare....consolidate....less costly...less admin.....
Government employees ...put on Medicaid. .give wage cuts.  Save the American taxpayer money...
When are the Republicans going to stop acting like children and start doing their jobs and work for the American people and stop fighting wi
As opposed to yours????    You think we're NOTpaying attention?????
Keep fighting, Senator Warren! I'm behind you!
She  knows how to draw taxpayers money. While doing nothing.
Thank you for fighting for us.  #Trumphastogo #VOTENOONTRUMPCARE
You're pathetic the problem is you don't work together you sitting drawl taxpayers money and sit on your butt.
You embarrass yourself daily, just by sponging off the American people.
Obamacare is failing miserably, you got a better idea Sis?
and demorats bill went from lie of the year to emploding. what's you point?
Universal healthcare now
#REPEAL and #REPLACE
Kid Rock, Kid Rock, Kid Rock
Can't understand how people could think this bill is good.
Not a hole Elizabeth. Insanity is the correct word
sometimes it is almost fun watching them dig,  I worry about the collapse when they under cut nation's foundations though. #NOGOP
How about the hole you democrats dug for us. Or do you conviently forget the passing of Obama care? Try working 2.
It's so sad & disgusting that it doesn't matter how bad #Trump is, his supporters love him. @realDonaldTrump  is the worst "President" ever
And Obamacare is pretty much dead. Looks like health needs to go back to patients, doctors, and insurance companies.
Try to say something positive every couple of months.. people r sick to death if your negative mouth!!!!!!
Obama care is so much better
When are you gonna come up with solutions all you do is cry.
Dont you dare run for POTUS LIZZY.  You are not ready.
When republicans were a minority.   They still had the power to rig elections. And cause citizens united.   Break the rules democrats. Now!!
Cheif what are you going to tell the Obamacare subscriber's when it finally implodes?
Yet like herpes, we can not rid ourselves of it!
There's no CARE in their bill, and little to contribute to good health. Single payer is the answer
And don't forget, dangerous and deadly. 
Please run in 2020. We NEED you. #Warren2020. #covfefe
When are you and Bernie going to give up all the extra houses you've got
Not as embarrassing as displacing an actual minority to get into Harvard
Not true it's better than today's plan.
Repeal it and put it back to the private market where it belongs.
I think most of them have become insane
Remind me how long they had to work on it? To be prepared? They are too busy raising funds for their next campaigns. This will kill people
Hopefully the hole will cave in on itself, and take all the repugs with it.
but it’s not going to happen. Trump supporters are too blind to see that Trump is not for poor people.
Unless they repeal Obamacare and replace it with single payer health care.
It can't be any worse than the ACA!
At least they are trying to make a good bill that will last rather than jam a bad bill down the American people's throat.
They are trying to cover something up and they know to keep ins in the forefront to allow the treason to continue
Only person doing a cover up is Lizzie.  Covering the fact she doesn't care about you, only the big chair in the WH
LiarWatha is at it again.
I absolutely adore you! Thank you for all you do! You make me feel a little less tense
The ACA was failing without them messing it. Health care providers were and are leaving in droves.
it's very ACA like so you are saying Obama was embarrassing?
Whenever the GOP needs to rework a genocidal "health"care care bill, the revision is worse. Good way to suppress dissent.
It's also the mark of a bully and/or sociopath.
America needs universal healthcare like the rest of the developed world.
That's one of the luxuries of being in a cult  you can massively foul things and your base is only going to believe what you tell them
Dangit how do you keep escaping the nursing home?
I swear they need better security at Byberry.
In 2016 America went from sanity to insanity!
The "hole" is filled with the #ACA . Republicans are trying to bury it in the hole so no one ever has to see it again. #MAGA
...and predictable to all but 63M morons.
How true . It's pathetic how they try to blame the Dems. Sad.
Yea and Obamacare is great ,said no one ever !
Still waiting for an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
What is your party's plan? Oh yeah obamacare. Thanks but no thanks Pocahontas
They (&Trump) need to put their big boy pants on & stop blaming the Dems, Pres. Obama, Hillary or whomever.
Why does the US outspend the next 7 countries in defender spending? This defender spending  is not sustainable!
Autocorrect :  defense spending
But what are the democrats doing to make the ACA better? Health Care should be a primary responsibility of the Govt.
Yet America had the greatest healthcare in the world just a decade ago. Hmm.
Just like "Swamp Queen", an embarrassment
And you are embarrassing because you will not let anything thru and then blame Trump because nothing gets done.  Hypocritical old nag.
Well how about this.Every member of Congress forfeits medical insurance until every American has at least the chance at thesame medical care
Also known as The Bring Out Your Dead Act.
And it's all your fault with your failed policy
Your are embarrassing!
As long as all elected officials are given the best insurance policies we the people are screwed. So fire all democrats and start over
You are a real help! Lol..
Nothing could be worse than Obama care Liz. Nothing. Embarrassing like your whole Native American claim? The World is Laughing at you Liz.
I don't see you offering any alternatives
does this mean you'll be retiring soon, as well?
Oh hell no.  As long as there is a camera in DC, she can get in front of, she'll be there.  Only way she'll stop grandstanding is to die.
any thing is better then obamacare.Too many with out health insurance.Only low income left.Keep on lying about this that's all you have

They have no health care law Senator. The democrats have made sure of that. But yours is worse!
Massachusetts dug a hole for the county. Not a "City on a Hill" any more.
When will republicans put country ahead of party?
Only thing embarrassing around here is your feeble attempts to get trump out of office. As long as the Dems are run by you, 8 more years!
@SenWarren @SenateGOP the real question is whether the president and GOP rewill promote ACA failure or do what's best and fix it
You're the one that's embarrassing ..you were spot on calling yourself a nasty Indian
But not dishonest like Obama Care.
Trump finally accepted ownership of GOP healthcare yesterday... it's now called "TRUMPCARE" hey Dems are ya listening...
. . good metaphor since their plan is basically that we all dig our own grave
That assumes they are capable at this point of being embarrassed.
Do you even know what you're saying? Have you any idea of what your job is? Are you aware of your oath to this country outside California !!
We love you Senator Warren
From embarrassing to evil.
Your embarrassing
Well your plan already went from bad to pathetic talk about embarrassing maybe we should call in the medicine man Pocahontas
Is this your hole
No idiot. The dems created obamacare that nobody can fix. The country just can't afford anymore free stuff. Fool
just like the ACA. It's embarrassing for every person in Congress. The disregard for the American people is preposterous.
Some people are just "stuck on stupid." (Quoting a coworker of mine.)
So Typical Isn't It
 How Fauxcahontas & The 
Losing Libs Roll

Blame Others 4There TOTAL FAILURE 

WeHad TheBest HC N The & DemsFockItUp
Have you proposed anything except negative comments?  No you have not!!  Mic Drop....
Pocahontas, YOU are what is embarrassing #FAKE
Only matters if the Dems can bury them in the hole in 2018.  Otherwise, who cares.
#VoteThemOut
Thank you for explaining it to us, Senator.  We all count on you for stating the obvious.
What do you do when ObungleCare goes belly up. Being in the minority you can't fix the UCA. You don't even have any idea on a fix.
easy to run off at the mouth and complain about something, better when you have nothing better to offer
kind of like you, what new plan do you have, what changes to either plan would you make? do you have obamacare? what plan do you have?
Nothing is more embarrassing then being caught ying about your heritage so you could get a cushy job. #pocahontus
And yet still not nearly as bad as obamacare
Exchanges in crisis, insurers bailing out caused they got burned by Ocare lies, Unchecked Medicaid expansion ravaging state budgets. CRAVEN
Embarrassing you're embarrassing Pocahontas
Yes!
If all of Congress was on Obamacare like us, you would see how fast healthcare gets fixed.
With no help from the Dems only half of gov trying join in
Since your Ocare tax ponzi scheme was jammed on suffering American people, you've lost 1000 seats, gov'nerships, local elections. So naive
bama no care good for Votes! Free for illegals, refugees n welfare sponges only!  All Taxpayers lost with Bama no care
If it's soooooo bad, where's YOUR solution??   Your to busy slinging mud to create a plan!!
What about the people that still can't afford healthcare. I can't not at $2000.00 for my family. Then I get fined every year as well!!!
It’s all about getting massive tax cuts for the rich. Repeal, replace, any bill's a kind of money laundering that’s more like armed robbery.
Senator Warren, you're a very smart person.  Maybe you can answer this question:  How stupid is Donald Trump?
Just letting oligarchs know GOP won’t stop till they get the rich their massive tax breaks.
You are embarrassing for women! I would say you calling yourself an INDIAN to get special treatment is pretty bad!
Gop is going down
they, the assholes, rePUSlicans, thrive on embarrassing, shame, rdicule! The life blood of the scum!
They declare War on the poor. Who next?
Are you kidding me? OBAMACARE has gone from bad to worse to embarrassingly failing. What gall!!
As a left-leaning unaffiliated voter, what are the Dems doing in regards to legislation on healthcare?
The GOP controlled senate is not allowing democratic senators involvement in the process.
But pushing legislation would still show they are trying. That way, the GOP cannot claim the Dems aren't doing anything.
Yes, I agree
like furher bama care is a great thing! Dems are pathetic!
Can't wait to see you're health care bill.
Good to see #Republicans have made #WealthCare their top priority!

Oops! I meant #Healthcare...
Stupid autocorrect!
#MAGA
Obummercare has destroyed HC as we know it...Now what's embarrassing again ??
You see this is where you don't get it.  It's not "their" healthcare bill, it's the congress healthcare bill. Get u r act together or resign
Over doing it a little Warren, shut the hell up for a while
Any found you in there
Meanwhile, Obamacare is gutting the middle class.
No chance we could talk you into running for President? Are you sure??
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
She really cares about the little guy, huh?
actually that's the Healthcare system we have now.....your mess
Yeah, thats a tough one, #Fauxcahontas. The Repubs are picking up where the dems left off.
can you through it
Yet, u have not offered any substance regarding a plan. You just talk, talk & talk but no plan, thoughts or ideas of how to fix healthcare
Democrats and Republicans are in the same box! " GOVERNMENT PARTY "Both created this Healthcare mess! Give us the HC that you gave yourself
You lied about your ethnicity to land a job as a minority professor at Harvard.
Politicians are like STD's easy to get but damn hard to get rid of without effort. Between you and the RINO's this nation is hurting.
What about your claimed Elizabeth?
No matter the failures of the GOP, the failures of you leftist will never be overtaken. You're the true embarrassment. Globalist pigs.
The biggest hole is the Senate allowing liars to stay. Here is one now:
Clearly the trajectory of their bills shows that their ideal Darwinian health care system would have no publicly funded programs at all.
And you cheer we're still stuck with Obamacare! Thanks for nothing Lizzie! Can't wait to vote u out!
Your healthcare bill!
Give us the same health care you got
@SenMajLdr needs to use some of dingy Harry's Senate parliamentary tricks to get repeal thru & prove he isn't a RINO
Maybe they should pass a repeal bill thru reconciliation since that's how Democrats snuck Obamacare thru in the first place.
At least they are trying. What's embarrassing is you and the rest of the swamp not doing anything except voting no. #youarenotNativeAmerican
So nobody up there can do anything.Because that is like obama care Embarrassing.Good thing u dont have to use it right .just us poor suckers
Not quite as embarrassing as ramming through a bill that no one read first though eh?  @DiehlForSenate #DumpWarren .
I am a bit upset with the Republicans about this, but The DEMOCRATS are the one that OWN this disaster..be truthful @SenWarren
You are talking about the Dems Obamacare debacle right?
It was designed to fail, and improved to single payer by Hillary. But, Trump happened. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @LouDobbs
@MorningsMaria U built that ~ Ocare ~ If good why scramble to repair now WHEN U did NOTHING 4-7yrs?
Gonna be so embarrassing when #Obamacare collapses after you and all the Democrats been claiming how great it is!!!
If repubs and dems would work together and adjust ACA at 45 recommendation. Why not?
Other than trashing the GOP, what have you offered to fix it? Actually, what have you done for MA? Yeah, a shutout, you shud pitch 4 the Sox
So I guess you win so why are you still dwelling on it?
Why? All you do is complain. You're not helping. 
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
Let's keep the loser Obamacare!!! Real smart???
And what have u done ? Except hammer the middle class... Obama care is killing the middle class and u do NOTHING
Thats why democrats cant seem to win?
To scary, scarier & super scary.
How can that be when there are only 10 million on Obamacare?..
Happy for them to keep digging
For sure! The hole will be a huge crater soon.
Dig all the way thru to Russia 
Just seal up the US side after they've fallen in!
See that is good old fashioned kiwi genius !!!!
We should be there to knock a few heads in and kick butts. We'd have sorted this mess out by now.
That's why despite being told all the time to pick on Lorde instead of trump , they really need us here
So true!
What's embarrassing is dems thinking this is not their doing. Ask nancy Pelosi what she created.
Enough is enough already. Make your intent known..will you run for #Potus46 come 2020 before USA becomes second Crimea?
Your healthcare bill was a con job, lied to the American people, trying to for single-payer system liars, you have no credibility
Oba
Embarrassing is what the Dems have done to the VA and Medicare. They just complain and blame others 4 their lack of action.
