an !independent voter, will Republicans put country above party politics, Senator McConnell, you are doing harm to our democracy
if the establishment cared about anything, but protecting the establishment we would NOT be in this mess in the first place.
thank you Senator Warren. Please do not let this get swept under the rug anymore
the time is now and the majority of Americans are behind you!
By sand, I believe you mean asses.
it's actually spelled "a-s-s" not "s-a-n-d". Common mistake ;)
Take your seat senator
I think Flynn was chosen by Trump BECAUSE of his Russian contacts. And  his replacement will be too. Trump is a puppet
Let's start with Hillary and Bill making money on the Uranium deal while Hillary approved it in the CIFIUS Commission. Fair?
Right!! We need 2 investigate now!!! Clintons, Obama, holder, lynch, comey, mueller, power, clapper & rice cuz of #UraniumOneDeal w/ Russia
don't believe Congress is capable of this investigation... independent prosecutor!!
republicans must pull heads out of their asses!
We, the no longer silent majority know why you are sabotaging Trump.  We will watch your every political move.
he doesn't need our help to sabotage. He is doing a fine job all by himself. Open your eyes. You have been played.
Disagree...you will be played to the bitter end.
here is an example of Trump supporters every day.



5 Goldman Sachs hires and a Nazi in a pear tree.

yeah - we send more money to the federal govt than any other state ...and it's not @POTUS * money to hand out . Get a grip
Awwwwwwww! Looks like I TriGgED me a little Snowflake. Delicate little Snowflake.
what darling ?
Are you asking? Nice....your education is beaming with your facts and knowledge.  Weak followers....lol

no Congress needs to initiate an investigation into her or get Sourrious attempt to overthrow govt.
@AnnCoulter You should extract your head out of your anal cavity. It's quite evident that's where it's at. GO TRUMP!!
You're in Congress.  Get busy!
Amen 2 many issues with admin. & Russia 2 many ties, lies and defense of Russia by administration. Something seriously wrong here
Oh shut up w/this Russia bullshit already. NOBODY who didn't vote for Hillary was influenced by Russia. We didn't NEED their help
yes it is all we have is the congress who have the right mine and no how to stop this madness
Are You Gonna Take Your Hand Outta Soros' Bank Account? You're Only Fooling Your People? Alex Soros Delivers Its Cash All Around!
LOL! Natl security being at stake is when you have the sect of state running her email from a private email server. Hypocrisy...
Hypocrisy, fake moral outrage, whining, and tears, and the entertainment these provide is all dwindling dems are good for now!
@GOPSenate knows their reluctance to inquire about  #Russia makes them co-conspirators to #treason and #espionage.   @SenWarren
talk of Dems minority is not an excuse to lay down weapons
Time 4 Dems to show up and protect our country #wethepeople demand it!

what are the chances that the whole Russia fiasco is just smokescreen for something more sinister? #NotMyPresident #AgentOrange
it's ok, you can use "ass" instead of "sand". We know what you mean...
We also need to look into activities of @SenateMajLdr He must take responsibility for sabotaging our government and his sexism.
Yes, when the Kremlin comes out and denies things should be an indication for us that we need to investigate.  @SenWarren
God how I wish you would have supported Sanders in 2016. 
thank you!  Don't give up!  We're with you.
Congress' head is in the sand? Seems like somewhere darker.
there scared they might  be true about Russia
I think you misspelled "ass"...
Trump worried about natl security due to immigrants, but holds public meetings on national security issue. Who's the real threat?
Russia had nothing to do for me to vote for Trump Warren is nothing but a lying Tramp of the worst kind
Wow! You never worried about National Security when  Obama, Hillary, Rice, &  socialist Dems lied abt  Benghazi! #StandWithFlynn
hi judye, I'm curious- were you worried about Benghazi? And are you worried abt Russia? How is it different for you?
I'm more concerned that we have moles in the WH leaking info to the left wing press!
please keep up the battle for all of us
Find in which state(s) Jeff Sessions is licensed to practice law & make complaints to State Bars re his conflicts #trumprussia
security agencies say there is no connection, news reports from leaked anon sources same we keep hearing the same crap from you
those in the GOP who do will be rewarded. the rest will flounder come 2018
yes and yes tho sand is not the word most of us would use.
Hope Republicans must understand investigation may cripple one presidency but inaction will annihilate their party. #russiagate
2 they might try to ride this out
RUSSIA HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH TRUMP OR THE ELECTIONS OR ANYTHING TO DO WITH AMERICA;
@MrsAdrienneBosh It's been at stake. Heck it was at stake before 45 was sworn into office. I'm glad somebody is finally listening
explore exceptions to the rule of nondisclosure. G Yin has a piece that explains 1 in §6103: Congress can ask 4 Trump’s returns
No, no, then we might find out that Hillary leaked her emails to the Russians!
Wow you want bipartisanship now. That's so hypocritical coming from you.
You need to take your big goofy head out of wherever if is stuck. There is no evidence PERIOD. You guys had a pathetic candidate.
if Congress wasn't behaving as if culpable in treasonous activities I'd believe they were capable.They're going along with it all
I'm considering getting into the mix here in Louisiana. We need more level headed Democrats representing my home state. #resist
unless the name Clinton involved, the GOP has no interest in investigations.  They are ok with Russia  if it gives them power.
You weren't worried about security the last 8 years Fauxcahontas #InjunIsCrazy
.@SenWarren Yes- there should be a Russian investigation-involving Hillary's cozy relationship w/Putin & the crooked $$ she made from Russia
you do know that Hillary is not the President, right? Can't blame her anymore. You "won"
you do know #Hillary was SOS while she sold out to the #Russians right?
sand is the kindly tactful choice of metaphor here
Do you want Hillary and Obama investigated for profiting from the sale of uranium to Russia, are you about disruption or justice?
You are so right!  Independent review NOW.  Current ADMINISTRATION is now suspect. We are at risk.
Thank you for continuing to speak truth, when lies are the new norm. #resist #persist #StandUpFightBack #russiagate #womensmarch
let's get 'em Lizzie!!!
Congress needs to grow a backbone and get these dangerous idiots out of the White House NOW!!!!
@AttilioArmeni That's right stay on point #FOCUS #screwappalachia #trumprussiacollusion
I was going to say pull their head out of somewhere else, but I guess sand will do.  Either way...they need to get on it!!
Please discuss this  timeline with your colleagues. We are calling reps and begging Congress to investigate #TrumpRussia ties.
Congress must pull it's heads out of its collective ass and pass a balanced budge. @POTUS can worry about foreign affairs.

@SenWarren
You need to pull your head out of your ass & accept they've already looked into it & there's NOTHING THERE!!!
@ameretet trump is the president. national security is the least of my worries right now 
He is a failure at leadership and this leaves us vulnerable.
@GravityisRising here let me say what you can't, the @GOP need to pull theirs heads out of Trump's ass & investigate these lies.
So do it!  The GOP conducted, as u know, many, many investigations on Benghazi & Hillary's emails! JUST DO IT! Take charge!
@potus perhaps we should start with the sale of uranium, ya know the deal hillary made with Russia?...
Congressional democrats need to pull heads out of their butts! They might be able to communicate something by bipartisan effort!
@nbramhal that's right, deflect and conceal your ture motives and that's to keep the the Democrats hidden from their misdeeds!  J
ps - be nice to see those tax returns
no chance, gutless GOP just voted against @BillPascrell amendment to see Trump's tax returns in private
the party that destroyed our military 3 times in our lifetime is suddenly concerned about our security?
half of them are inoperable bc they have been left to deteriorate!!
we have less ships and planes and less people in the military now then we had before World War II !!
it's not an accident that every time the dems leave office the military has to be rebuilt!
..but hillary's e-mails?! (this is sarcasm)
you will not take our country!
Please, congress get it together. Compromise,  communication. 
These people are making a mockery of our great nation...
Why wasn't Gen. Flynn investigated for resigning from the Obama administration. Seems like everyone is forgetting this! #MAGA
coming from someone who's had her head in the sand for years!
In this case I think we need to consult a proctologist as opposed to a geologist.
@SenateMajLdr @RepKinzinger @SenatorHeitkamp @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION into Flynn, Trump &Russia
And by "the sand", you mean their butts?
Out of the sand? That shows real restraint. I would have gone with another word.
Here We Go Again. It's either the race card or its the Russians did it card. Where are your policy's at.? Americans want to know
older issue: Did you ever take a DNA test for Native Am heritage? Did Harvard pay U $350K per yr to teach ONE class? Seriously!
Help! Investigate! The citizens of this United States DESERVE the truth!
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems GOP will do nothing, but most dems are too busy voting for BS cabinet picks to FIGHT!
Agreed.  It is just as important to national security as extreme vetting and border security
yes a real investigation
are you sure its head is in sand?
trump aids in constant contact with Russian officials during campaign and he thinks he problem is leaks ????
Thank you for fighting!!  #ShePersisted
The Republicans should have to pay a price for defending trump
thank you Senator Warren!!
RESIGN IMMEDIATELY-U R an embarrassment to our country. U R an anarchist trying 2 bring Down an Am pres #termlimits
Indian girl, you loons really need to drop the "Russia" involvement shtick. Why was NSA spying on a private citizen? Is real ???
Where is the GOP?
...all due respect, let's forget bipartisan politicians and have an outside investigative team get an answer
Voters must elect a BLUE Congress to remove @GOP #DYSFUNCTION from Congress.  #BluePatriots
...uh, classified emails on a private server, anybody?
out of its ass*

Well DO something! The GOP would have hearings & investigations taking place by now! @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems #FightForOnce
Especially since Flynn stood silent when Pence and Spicer covered for him.
yes please!!
Americans deserve to know the truth about collusive acts with Russia.
OMG! You people are pathetic! You can't distract from your ENORMOUS FAIL with this nonsense! Still selling WMDs in Iraq too?
on CNN now it's not alternative facts  Justin Wallin on CNN now calls misinforming
what about #equalpay? #waronwomen? #wallstreet #predatorylending #DUIs in MA.... #jobs Help us Betsy!!!
the best thing we can do right now is start quietly planning our escape routes and updating our visas. #RiseoftheNewReich2017
please advise how we the people can make this happen? We're screaming. No one is answering!
YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE YOUR SENATE SEAT HAHAHA CANT EVEN WIN IN LIBERAL MASSACHUSETTS. WHAT A JOKE OF A WOMAN YOU ARE!
@JamesJordy Check their bank accts deposits from Russia for selling out US its insatiable GREED, PROFITS theyADORE TRAITORS y'all
how in the hell would you know what's at stake, " Chief "
because you were too nice to say asses. Everyone knows that's there their heads really are.
glad to see some of our elected officials & at least the discerning populous can focus on national security to not implies hiding
We need a special investigator appointed ASAP to investigate the Trump-Russia connection/Trumps financial ties to Russia.
No I am not worried about our national security with Russia . 

I am more worried about my States US Senator grandstanding .
GO GET EM! GET EM ALL
Look into Hillary leaking info to Russia via her unprotected server( illegal but U could care less about legal)
ALL POLITICS
as usual you are correct.
I think you meant to say "collective ass." FIFY.
totally agree!!
@MyraSlotnick this election is VOID.
I doubt he is a lone wolf, but they will try to make it seem so. Traitorous.
same way it was at stake with @HillaryClinton as SOS and her emails
Pull their heads out of the[ir]....sand that's it sand...
@CChristineFair Somebody there needs to focus on China. Who do you think is pulling Putin's strings
@jeffsessions @SenatorShaheen @SenatorHassan @TeamSheaPorter He has no business being in an investigation where he may be...
Like all of a sudden you and your Leftist pals are concerned about national security. What a joke.
YES they do.  There is too much at stake to choose party line and their egos over the safety of Americans.
exactly.
or its head out of its ass. 
go away. You are content to bring jihad to America. Why didn't you give 2 craps when HRC was chatting up Putin. You are a liar.
..You My poor, poor, SNOWFLAKE!  NEED A NEW CAREER! ! YOU MS . WARREN ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR  COUNTRY! !!!!!!!!
Yes! This needs to be done ASAP. I don't trust republicans to do it correctly. The country takes priority over political party.
How many times did you delete "head out of it's ass" before sending this? Your restraint is admirable.
"head out of the sand" is a very kind assessment of where the heads should be pulled out of!
And an inquiry into Trumps attempts to subvert the Constitution :separation of powers, and the First Amendment free press
Please make this happen! Pronto!
Senator, their heads are not in sand.  Far worse.

@laxgirl016 God only knows the extent of this breach. Very cavalier regarding national security.
very true
thank you
Keep up the good work! We are counting on you and fellow lawmakers (not autocrats) to make this right
Says the woman openening our borders to those who wish us harm. HYPOCRITE!
and YOU need to pull the Sand out of your head and clear your conscience.
.@SenWarren, we know @SenateMajLdr is the ultimate roadblock. Ideas on how to persuade him to put country over party?
go stick your head in the sand
how do you know that without investigating. There's more evidence of Russian involvement then there is of voter fraud
look into the uranium deal Hillary Clinton did with Russia while you're at it.
Still waiting for an investigation?? Why? Do it. We are waiting. You have nothing, no evidence of Russian hacking.
go way nut! We need a sanity hearing to assess your ability to serve in public offic!
States attorneys general need to convene grand juries. Stat
. Everyone knows they'll try to bury this to protect control of all 3 branches. Don't let them. Investigate Congress too.
go get them!  I stand behind you 100%
@MazMHussain not gonna happen as long as they can kill #Obamacare and get tax cuts for the rich
shut it down no stop this business as usual till we get him out he is corrupt
Sure is taking forever to impeach this fraud. Thank for you hard work Sen Warren. @SenDuckworth @SenGillibrand
that was so nice, that you didn't say out of its ass!
Congress' head  isn't in the sand.  It's in Trump's lap.
We need ppl to call their Reps & Senators. They need to know their constituents care about investigation. PRESSURE works
There hasn't been bipartisan since Obama became @POTUS44
you've completely lost your mind. Please GO AWAY you've got no chance at the presidency. You may not even win your election
Also what Flynn knew?
People on here have a hard time letting go of Hillary's mistakes but never hold their current leader accountable for treason.@SenWarren
it's not sand that their heads are in!
Chaffetz: no need to probe Flynn & Russia, after all, it wasn't in Hillary's emails  http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/2/14/1633599/-Jason-Chaffetz-no-need-to-probe-Flynn-and-Russia-after-all-it-wasn-t-in-Hillary-s-emails … … #shepersisted
CHAFFETZ is full of bullshit.  Same guy who said he had 2 years of investigations ready for HC, Flynn not
Hasn't the release of @RealDonalTrump's tax returns & disclosure of his ties to Russia become an urgent national security issue?
@paulproteus ....as well as functioning DEMOCRACY !
Cute, Senator. Join them in distracting. #IMPEACH NOW. Give us our popular vote NOW. Or face 100M armed citizens. #TheResistance
