when are you running for president? 
never,she has no chance 
I know by cutting the salaries and tax  perks  / free housing to presidents & trustees facility ?
you can start by quit hiving them taxpayer money or maybe just tell them yo say they have Native American in them.
maybe you can encourage them to lie about their heritage to get more federal funding? #fauxcahontas @FoxNews
#AncestryDNA can clear this up once & for all
Did this involve hiring full time faculty? Adjuncts carrying majority of teaching @ colleges and paid poverty wages, no job sec.
Become an auto mechanic if you want job security. 100k per year and a great carrer .
you mean how you can best brainwash them don't you!!
please don't let them take away free lunch for underprivileged kids. For some it's the only meal for the day! Weekends are long
Get the Fed's out of Education. They ruined it, and made more expenseve.
please keep the unqualified dummy Devos out of it
My husband attended @BerkshireCC and set off for great career at @GDMS!
Why not meet with presidents of companies like @POTUS? Americans need jobs. Education is worthless w/out a job!
Invest in American students. Why should we have to pay for illegals and others who are not citizens. Americans first!
go EW
start by giving back $$ discounts you rec'd on education by lying about your ethinticity #Pocahontas
#AncestryDNA
@TheBaxterBean @HillaryClinton @for_hillary @MomsDemand #Veterans #Law Focus! Trump Dossier, RT/Share https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit …
"Weak Elizabeth Warren." "Weak Elizabeth Warren." "Weak Elizabeth Warren." "Weak Elizabeth Warren." "Weak Elizabeth Warren."
Suggest they pay adjuncts a living wage #equalpayforequalwork
liar, liar, liar
4. United States – $11,825.89 per student What do we get? TENURE, COMMON CORE, UNIONS, results, kids can't even read.
yeah, it's definitely the tenure, common core, and unions that cause illiteracy. Definitely no other issues causing it
When kids are taught only to pass a test for Federal Funds, America Looses bigtime !
Not sure how eliminating unions, tenure, or common core would fix that. Would you care to explain? Or what's a better alternative?
Just tell them all to claim Native American Indian status on their applications.Apparently that pans out for some people.
#AncestryDNA
Keep up the good work!!  You are our role model.
yes teaches people they can get a real american indian kicked out of school by lying about her status
I'm sorry, how many more loans do we take out to have free colleges. Your in favor of collapsing economy then blame Trump
our colleges & schools now r teaching left. Wing agenda/propaganda/untruths, brain washing our students & this will stop.
your communities are drug infested and people are desperate and living in hell.  What the hell do they have to lose?
lmao ! How much of a speaking fee did you charge for that meeting ? Net worth 15 mil has gotten come from somewhere
Where is that "support" authorizedunder the Constitution?
good yo hear your hope.
u are such a joke.
maybe sending the power back to the states instead of DOEd.
maybe we could start w the 1% hint hint
We've already seen what government does to our schools. Same thing over and over expecting different results...total insanity.
you are the reason I'm a Republican now!  Please leave and help the Democratic party.
You mean libtards spread libtard propagand and indroctnation in public school of lower education!
as recent grad of Riverside City College on VRAP in CA, please look into BA programs for 2yr colleges nationwide.
It's time to defund colleges & universities who do not allow free speech, Jezebel!!!
Great work on behalf of educators. Keep up the fight Elizabeth. You are a credit to your nation. Respect from Ireland.
hope that reauthorizing The Carl D Perkins act is part of that plan. Career education in community colleges depend on that money.
Feds won't invest in Liberals.
50 years ago community College was my affordable path to University & my degree. Those 2 years prepared me to succeed.
I payed my student lawn and so everyone else should
Combined annual salary of those 27 pictured: $10.8 million. 27 Average MA citizens: $1.7 million. How much $ do we throw at you?
support for force-feeding students your liberal BS?
So gov got no problem paying for K-12, but college is too much Also I hope the light on caps lock key doesn't bother u too much
You are amazeballs!
Best way 4 Feds to help students; let them know the reality of working their way through school like many kids have done. Pride!
beautiful photo! Looking good, Pam!
maybe pay Professors less than 400k for one course or you could give that money back
A meeting of like minded liberal pundants.
pass your new knowledge along to trump, he will get it done
try reducing the cost of education
'...ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country...'
how about we give them some school choice?
I have an idea. How about the federal government leave them alone!
Thank-you Sen.Warren, your leadership and support are appreciated. We will follow and support you.
That's america
to start their  indoctrination earlier in life.  Grade K
Sure Warren. You're an obstructionist.
Step 1) Get rid of Trump
 Step 2) Get rid of Trump's cabinet.
Easy Peasy
such an inspiring woman . Keep up the great work.
Probably brainwashing yet another genetation of Alt Left losers.
All ready for a handout. Do  MA CC results match those of ITT? Remember, the school Obama put out of business?
how about lower pay for professors that teach one class for $300k a year like you did,how did you become so wealthy?
best way is SCHOOL CHOICE!..oh but then you couldnt indoctrinate our kids..definitly school choice!!
about time you focused on your job and constituents
Lol! U have no credibility left you fool!
Seems almost old-fashioned to see progressive politics in action. Keep up the good work! MA lucky 2 have a humanist on your side
you lose to Trump in polls bigly , generic democrat beats Trump FYI nobody likes you
start teaching about American exceptionalism's the greatest gov't ever devised. Stop feeding our children one side only
You become the Secretary of Education? I didn't know that cool about time you did something besides running your mouth opps sorry
You mean you had a meet to have folks give you money! When you run for election whose money do you use?
WHAT TO SAY ?
@EricShapiro3 Invest and DIVEST.

more diversity in this pic than in the whole WH
Nice photo-op.
You are a bitter woman. CLOSE YOUR MOUTH AND GO HOME!!!!!
Obama admin spent 7 billion on his Ed policy with zero benifit per Ed Dept.  U R just another Prof w/ no exp in creating value
Are They Indian too? I see some high cheek bones in the crowd!!
Students can PAY their OWN WAY..JUST LIKE I DID!!
that money is gone..gone..gone. let the state provide..
yeah maybe more safe zones , instead of education, thats the lberal way right ?
go away
Don't you have work to do.
have them stop protesting and go to class
MA community colleges are like grades 13 & 14.
Community colleges are one of our greatest educational assets!
It would be nice to get colleges to divest from fossil fuels. Better for all in the long run.
Education so important to keep economy purring and people feel fulfilled!
you should ask them if they have any jobs open for a woman who is native Indian. You according to your jaw bone are eligible
Cheek bones.  Otherwise, correct.
for what? So liars like yu can STEAL scholarships? #PayItBack
Seriously...and you have been a Senator for how long?
let the kids pay for their own education no more freeloaders
Impeach #Trump for hacking and stealing the election with all of Congress which needs to be IMPEACHED
Thank you!
no no no ---anything Pocahontas wants is a no. RESIST!! RESIST!! RESIST!!  Get out there and protest this fake Senator---
As a graduate of a CC, I am glad our state is continually investing in the schools and students!
Thank you! Education is the foundation of a civil and civilized society.
don't bother we don't like you
Will you be changing them for this meeting to? Where you been last 8 yrs. on this issue?
Where do they get the time 2 meet with u? They should be at work.
have you tried just de-funding them? It's working wonders in Texas... lookit how aducaeted we r now! 
Without private interests profiting -
Thank you...you are a great Senator
try giving them more views on their campuses other than the echo chamber that are liberal professors.
run for President!
your beautiful Elizabeth!
do we need to get you some glasses?
Thank you! My son is at BHCC
why don't you give up some of your salary to help students
I'm sure paying professsors 350k for one class was a discussion topic?
I love your work!
what work? She's just a bobble head
Ah, thanks for doing the imbecile DeVos's job Sen. Warren but we need you targeted on Trump, complicit with Russia issues.
Thank you. My 17 year old grandson attends GCC. These are motivated students & great teachers.
thank you trying to lift the US into the 21st century...that's not a mistake #thankyouSenWarren
@TuckerCarlson Lizzy I do Not See Where They share Your enthusiasm. Perhaps a one way feeling? Perhaps a Mind Deal?
or how you can earn 400,000 again for another class?
let YOUR state "invest" in its students
we can't afford to invest… Lawmakers just voted themselves another raise, and then want to increase taxes.
same here politicians like @SenWarren are really free with others money
Very good.  Thank you for focusing on the good things
what a waste of Danish
And indoctrinate our youth to be arsonists and rioters to be used by Ds to delegitimize democratically elected President
Keep the Fed Govt out of the community colleges. you will ruin them too.

Trade schools dummy
Socialism is awesome 
senate seat open in georgia trump only won buy 1% ...we need help
This  can only cost me more money..............
bless you
.@SenWarren 
.
GOOD ARAB PROVERB: “THE DOGS BARK, BUT THE CARAVAN GOES ON”

TRANSLATION

“PELOSI BARKS A LOT, BUT THE TRUMP ADMIN MOVES ON”
maybe you can get an adjunct gig teaching native American falacies. Probably won't pay $400K though.
we as a nation running out of money and have hudge debt.  Do you believe we can to fund everyone who wants more taxpayer funds?
of course she does that's a democratic way
Maybe now our dumbed down school system will be forced to actually teach our children instead of indoctrination of liberals.
what would our dumb dumb school system teach the kids that is frowned upon by libs? Math, science, history, other?
let them support themselves keep my money away from any career option that would pay $800 k for doing nearly nothing
new Ed sec will fix what Democrats screwed up for last 8 yrs
surely I don't want fed giving money to liberal college & professor. Rioters
I fear @BetsyDeVos will leave them high & dry.
thank you

Lemme guess, they want more cash?
Glad we have Betsy DeVos to free our children  from mandated liberal education.
We will now take back our choice in education...
Hope one day I'll have  choice to buy/sell spoiled food, but damn gov won't let me. Those freedom haters. Also, boo education.
It's a bit late now.  Do they know anything about Betsy DeVos?
What a Beautiful Group!
@SenToomey this is an example of something you could be doing
every single one of them have it in the back of their mind how you lied about being native. Hahahaha!
and the finale vote, throw more middle class tax $ at it.
Thank you Liz! Keep it up.
Next time for re elect you are out! Better suck up big time
You can only vote her out if you live in MA. Oh, wait, you could commit imaginary voter fraud!
my daughters college is closing. They announced it with no warning. She is a Jr & has to find a school for her Sr yr @SJC_Pumas
That's your answer to everything.  Federal Government is supposed to support everyone and everything.  Give it a rest.
Bet they all voted in New Hampshire #voterfraud
I was just thinking that.
Thank you Liz for your efforts.
not govmt to support!
what is going to change ? Nothing !!! Don't sugar coat!! Obstruction only!!!!
support the schools getting devos out of there
everyone  watch  Hillary America  video it great rent it or get on line
did they pretend to be Native American to get into school or get a job?
how about charging less? You make how much again for teaching ONE CLASS?
