So tell me, Elizabeth, where it is in the Constitution that the fed govt is responsible for education.It doesn't.That is up to the states. 
Uh.. Did you not read that Trump is the one messing around with the education Budget? Are you aware that Trump is not State?
The federal govt should have NEVER gotten involved with educational funding.  It's big brother overreaching again.
So tell Trump..." Hands off education, you poorly educated Russian placed President!"
Americans put him in the office. get  over it.
Poorly educated ones did, accept it, the majority of Americans voted for Hillary.
Boo Hoo.  I guess if you're gonna keep counting the illegals, dead people & multi-cast votes, you're correct.  #MoveOn
Thank you, your reply shows that in fact Trump was elected by poorly educated.
Trump wants more poorly educated Americans, only way he could ever win another election. He is going to jail reelection is out.
Warren, stop looking for handouts. Tell these people to earn their own money and pay for their own education. Stop protecting freeloaders.
The #left offers no ideas and has no results in which to take pride, insults/crying is literally the entirety of the #democrat platform #Sad
Maybe more education will help you understand how fucked america has become under the fool.
Typical response from the desperate left-no ideas, no results, just personal attacks, childish insults. Keep alienating the MC->Keep losing.
Impeach & Remove Trump from WH.
You need a real education, not a fake education which appears what you have. Did you go to trump university?
does anything embarrass you people you Dems are the ones who destroyed our entire educational system
Prove that...or sit down...
It's proven, look at our inner cities & our ranking internationally.
It's not proven u r making an assumption. The worst schools are in Republican states...check the link I posted...yall are proving my point..
We should be INVESTING in these kids!  Thank you for standing up!

Hey @realDonaldTrump and @BetsyDeVos, how can you take away affordable college from hard-working students like THESE??
Can't U see Warren and professors like her are problem. She charges $250,000  just to teach 1 course, causing tuition to go up & up!
Love you 
UNIONS NO!!! School of choice YES!!! come on LIz stand for the people NOT UNIONS

You give us hope. Thank you for all you do! #Americanhero
Oh lord if she gives you hope I think you should get a bottle and that will give you more hope or at least until you sober up Good luck
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts THE LORD DOESNT KNOW U DOES HE? OR THE REAL QUESTION DO U KNO HIM?
It is not the federal government's job to make sure my tax money goes to pay for school for those that can't afford it.
What????
It's really quite sad that all we have is this irrational emotionalism and sensationalism to promote our agenda. The left is a joke now.
You're a joke now.
Sad
@TheClaudiaBlack @realDonaldTrump everyone knows warren is a complete fool
He needs to cut the horrific waste that has been made in the name of education. Students can't read or write.
I see ur face Pocahontas, and it's a two face liar I see!!!
Hey Pocohantas..You've INCREASED SPENDING ON EDUCATION FOR YEARS!!  RESULTS??  LOWER SCORES!! Quit LYING!!  WE KNOW!!!
I didn't get to go to collage maybe just send me a check for what it would have cost me. Then we'll be even.
Maybe you should have applied yourself more, than you couldnt play the sad, uneducated victim.
I am sorry you are so confused.
Lock him up.
Get a job like I did and pay your own way like taking 1 or 2 classes at a time. THIS WORLD OWES YOU NOTHING  Get that cupcake
Another of the many reasons @SenWarren has my complete respect.
I am a TRIO alumni. Now I help other first generation students have access& success, and transfer to their 4 year college. Love TRIO
This looks similar to CNN staging muslim protest
People don't get staging is when Muslim group calls CNN to arrange a meeting on a street corner. Then after some filming heads home.
What you got to say about this one Warren your as much a liar and on the take as Hillary is. Maybe we can investigate your crooked deals
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts djt/russia. REMEMBER WHEN djt ASKED russia TO FIND THOSE EMAIL OF HILLARYS? THAT WASNT FAKE NEWS.
I come from a very poor family. Was first in my family to get a degree. I worked to pay my way through. Why can't others do this? Welfare!
I agree! The budget for the Dept. of Education should be eliminated, altogether! #Fauxchohantas
Why should my taxes go to pay for another useless degree in a nonexistent field? Dems wasting $$$ again
As a teacher, I thank you Senator Warren for your tireless support of our students!!!!
teachers KNOW MORE THAN ANYONE!!! my daughter graduates in months-a lifetime dream but my states budgets have been cut YEAR AFTR YEAR
I owe $300k in #studentloans - the interest alone last month was more than $5k, more than I make in a month. #PSLF is my only hope
You ARE such a liar. He's giving control back to states, getting it away from you in the government.  NO MORE COMMON CORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,
We need more private schools cut federal school funding.
@SenWarren supports $1.3 Trillion dollar big business. Take money from. Spending is answer. #EducationBigBusiness
@SenWarren measures success by how much money is spent. Receives $500,000 from Education for 1 speech
Thank you for spreading this information. Trio helped me with my college education.
My granddaughter starts college this year. She's a brilliant academic. Please don't let them take this away from her
You're more fake than CNN
How much did u make for that appearance? Political hack - u did that for no other reason than to show ure face-embarrassing
Brown took $15 million from classrooms to spend on illegal immigrant defense. Where you at trying to protect those students you hypocrite?
Make America great again by depriving students of education... ~ http://GGA100.com 
How were these students provided for, prior to federal funding? Oops, each state funded students and received a windfall when DC took over.
I will fully support trio for their work. That's wonderful
Trump must be impeached. He is destroying this country from the inside out
Senator Warren, you and senator Sanders must become a team for 2020 election. One of you as President and the other one as vp.
TRiO programs are the reason I'm in a PhD program at Stanford! Thank you for creating awareness #TRiOworks #McNair
This lady is scary..
Have you look in the mirror lately? You're showing your looser ,angry man hater !
Support #SchoolChoice, not #KeepSuckyTeachers policies.  Power to #Parents, not #TeacherUnions
The EU spend more money in education and social issues. The US spend money on global wars. Education is the key for evolution
Private charity would do this job better. I was on a board at DOE, early 90s, and they were grossly irresponsible. Total waste of money.
My Goodness.. was that a failed weight watchers group?
That group should be worried about heart attack and stroke causes not education.
We all need to fight Trump and his awful budget proposal. Senator Warren keep fighting for America. Hopefully the Democrats will win in 2018
Freeloaders! Try paying your own way
Pocahontas is a liar, through and through.
Not everything has to be controlled by the government!! That is where you fail. Individuals doing good can make great things happen!
Everyone has budget cuts; you have to be more thrifty and pick and choose what you spend money on.  Everyone has to do this.  Grow up.
False
POTUS 2020 Lady! 
He is cutting it by 1% u still have 937 billion for education make it work!!!!
What is wrong with that hateful witch
We are in debt up to our eyeballs..... We have to cut for now get it back when the debt is cleared...
Living #TheAmericanDream  So proud of them reaching beyond the now. I was a single mom on welfare when I worked my way thru graduate school
Trump's Machiavellian plan is to enrich the wealthy,making massive cuts to average American!Trump has successfully hoodwinked the Nation!
When will you recognize that the GOP is in control and you're not. It must be killing you

LOL
What will happen to my autistic son in a couple of years when he's 18? Not enough help now; looks like 0 later.
In the meanwhile Liz was getting 400 Large to teach 1 class at Harvard !
Oh look there's Liz in front of yet another camera. Why not try legislating?
Sad really
He doesn't care, where's the humanity????
What the hell is wrong with POTUS and his admin?! Do they really hate children so much the don't want them educated?
I'm glad, get another job like I had too...
Dept of ed has done so much to destroy the American education system it's hard to think inner cities will ever recover #schoolchoice
Dept of education should be dumped and give the money to the states! Liberal waste of money
Looks like a gaggle of selected liberals to me. Education is the responsibility of the state not the feds
Your face doesn't look too intelligent ms warren. Maybe the NEA needs a shake up or a shake down, as the case may be
Not being lazy=good grades. Good grades=Scholarships. Scholarships=free tuition. Hmmmm?
Earth to Pocahontas you have lost your grip on reality ! You also lie a lot !
I'm a retired public school teacher. All I can say is these kids are BEAUTIFUL and FULL OF POTENTIAL. Have a heart!
Go girl
Facts not fiction!!! Please tell the truth
Ok. Now what?
President Trump only wants what best for the children does not want to distory education stop putting fear in to people
I heart you so much!
Indian princess you are a joke
They mismanaged their lives with their misdeeds,  at the end to be successful not every one needs to attend College Warren share your wealth
I'm sure she will take the advice of a five follower troll back under you rock now
#UpwardBound Alum 82-86. Best and most impactful aspect of my youth. @SaintFrancisPA
We had a higher literacy rate in the 1940s.  Before Dept of Ed and multi- million $ budgets that do little to actually educate our children.
We must continue to encourage society not to lose its compassion, empathy and dignity for all?
Cuts are good and needed to correct the waste.
there is so much waste in educational spending I say good
That's right, protect the corrupt system that fails children for a generation. You are awful
We're 21 trillion dollars in debt.....not everyone can be the POTUS.
@SenWarren you would make a GREAT President!! Please run in 2020!!
Your Russian propaganda is not so good you will need more for impacr
Don't let Devos ruin our public schools!
I was a the first in my family to go to college thanks to programs for low income students. I have a Master's in educ.
What a fraud you are. I sold my house and live in an apartment so my son could go to college. I would do it again. Freebies for everyone!
I guess it solidify's my belief that the rich want to keep the masses stupid. Better to con and take from the working people pockets.
Blablabla.  Sitting squaw.
ONG!! I live in Oklahoma & daughter graduating next yr w/teaching degree! @MaryFallin has lied about education over & over & now this
How do u know whats not been decided. Must come from ur tribal powers. Remind us again. What tribe that was. Try to wait n see than say.
THANK YOU @SenWarren! The Educational budget isn't hurting anybody, b it's abt to effect MILLIONS. @realDonaldTrump   #stopcuttingthebudget
Get your dirty government hands out of education. You've been making it worse.
Keep talking, #MAGA 2020.
Pleas stop saying federal money. Say it as it is. Taking other people's money and giving it away.
Well, did you pay the Native American's tuition from the seat you stole?
Imagine if you had supported Sanders instead of waffling!
Sanders isnt a Democrat she supported the Democrat nominee idiot
Get with the program or get lost obstructionist!!!!
Hey you set that up just like @CNN !
R u insane this is not how a congressman speaks u r racist
Hopefully the era of Trump will soon end -then work on removal of the Pence and demand a special election since the 2016 was compromised
Reckless president
why dont that nasty hag warren just give them some of those millions of dollars her and her washington boar hogs ganked from tax payers
We'll go after Gov Moonbeam, he just cut middle class scholarships for Sanctuary for Illegals
Yeah that bunch looks like a bunch of real stock brokers, and lawyers and doctors.
So they take taxes to run the universities, charge the students with Secured government loans(modern day slavery), can't pay others will pay
Still needs to be done. Shell out money wiser.
I say fund YouTube only because you can find everything on there and let all the university's all go private with NO government help!
Warren need be investigating in so much HATE CRIME
All they teach is hate the old white man .what do we need to fund that for
another lie by the left. Look at the budget.
ur such a smuck
Yay!  Increase funding for education. Education strengthens our country more than bombs ever will.
SU LIAWATHA
It's only Trumps proposal until the Senate votes on it then it yours.
Trump is not a legitimate potus after Russia elected him. He must be removed and we must start over with the election.
Why do we even have a Federal education budget?
Btw, I see they managed to throw one black guy into the mix!....optics!
How much did you pay them? Or did you pay them off? You are fake Sen Warren
Thanks for showing the impact
Don't you love politicians who post videos that have them as the focus. Narcissistic bunch them politicians
Fix what you have!
Please show us where education is listed as a Federal function under the #Constitution. #BrianlessInDC #Fauxcahontas
Please keep fighting for the truth Senator Warren!
Warren wouldn't know the truth if it smacked her in the face Been on the take and covering up for the crooks to long
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts U SEEM TO LOVE MISERY & SPREADING IT ARND. TRY TO B HAPPY.
Selling the word "cut" is a lie.  Congress calls "cuts" as not getting the highest raise.  Stop manipulating!
Yea sure...
Ah, more of your feelings. No room for government efficiency. Central planning or nihilism.
Take a look at DJT faces? Where? I didn't see 1 of his faces!
1k doesn't go far these days for a college education..who's paying the rest??
Hey McDonald's and Burger King need employees too.... my taxes seemed to feed them more than it did to educate them.
How about spell checking your staged propaganda before putting it out there. Also, one woman was reading a script. Shame Pocahontas
Amazing stories. This prog helped 2 stop the cycle frm low income ppl. Cuttg funding is not the answer. Need more education, not less
How about you take a look at the people PAYING for it...c'mon #Boston #Massachusetts THERE IS A BETTER CHOICE...VOTE @ShivaPatriot !!!!
Scare tactics Warren. Cut the crap!
Get em fired up with lies
Scripted responses
Wow you must have a lot of free time for making videos. How about you spend more time doing your job and less of this
Liar!
big up @senwarren <3
If you my HYPOCRITE cared so much about children's education U wouldn't charge so much 2 teach 1 course & maybe $ could be put 2 better use.
You thrive on creating hysteria with all your lies and distortions! #vote lizzie out
Couldn't do it without TRIO? Hello student loans like so many before her. But that's not free I guess.
Political rhetoric. Haven't you learned? This is why DT won. You're only going to make it worse.
Cut em
Pay attention folks. This stuff is real!
Thank you for fighting to save TRIO! 
Most of these people are white. Doesn't that make you leftists happy?
What about the victims who are forced to pay for programs, via taxes. Where is our voice? Is this program 100% fraud free
Sodi you get CNN to stage this robotic looking event?
Warren @CNN Let's hope Anderson Cooper takes a big dump on your desk so you have more crap to report on.
Fight against it, Senator!!!!
Can you frame your argument without a useless emotional appeal, and explain why your position is statistically and factually correct?
