Did you tell them to "cut it out" as well? How about next time you actually endorse progressives like @SenSanders? No more 3D Chess!
I love you so much, I'd consider moving to Massachusetts except I hate snow.  I'll just try to turn GA purple, if not blue.
Wow that is freaking weird
My name is Catherine Nuzzo's and I want to know what you can do to help widows when they cut there social security when there husband dies
We need to continue the fight for medicare for all.  No insurance co's, no corp participation in health care.
Universal Health care.  Why is the concept so scary?
It's not scary, it just reduces some of the profits to the insurance industry.
I don't see how. More patients = more money.
drug co.s, HMOs and ins co.s ramp up everyone's costs playing middle men to make a ton of $$.
Are you saying that Regulations would come in handy?
single payer heath ins is what I'm saying.
As long as we use ur money and not mine I'm in
STRONG  LADY
#savePALESTINEsaveHUMANITY  A BIG PRISON  WORSE LIFE, THEY ARE NEVER HONEST; THEY WENT TO GERMANY SAYING  BREAK DOWN THE WALL  AND THEY ARE BUILDING  EVIL WALLS  AND DESTROYING HUMANITY, DO YOU NOW UNDERSTAND THE GERMAN FEAR THAT END UP WITH TRAGEDY ?
Sure laugh it up. We'll see who gets the last laugh. I'll b damned American citizens will b treated worse than animals while u all r EXEMPT!
Welcome to my world, like Obama except that with Obama, YOU WERE SILENT! Remember, you have to pass the Bill to find out what's in it!
It's time for the Dems to step up on health care. You LOST in November, quit with the temperature tantrums.
So u almost ended somebody did u tell them there employees would die if they didn't pay 100% of the premium u sound like a badass scary
WSJ are nazis
My name is Catherine and I want to know where does the social security have the right to take back the money after is death from his widow.
Where are you, Senator, on making healthcare affordable? Why do you want to kill jobs that people need? Jobs make better healthcare possible
Good work, Pocahontas.
I am also part Native American - a very small part, and proud of it. Using the Senator's ancestry as a slur should be beneath you.
liberals complain about low wages, but force American business to bear cost of unwed motherhood & poor, old & disabled new immigrants?
Not only "liberals". Conservatives with hearts too. They say we are a family and should take care of each other, but they don't believe it.
Nope, to busy looking for cliffs to throw grandma off
So, I keep wondering how their "prolife" fits in. I see, forced babies, and no medical or social programs to help to keep and raise them.
Forced babies?
Businesses HAVE stepped up!  What are you talking about, Lyin' Lizzie??.  
Its the only reason many people have health insurance, you FOOL!!
Thank you @SenWarren
I thank God for you.
Actually it is time for you to step up to the plate, do some work for your salary, sick of your mamby -Pam by BS. Loser!
Oh sure the pit bull that you are. You are corporate America and a 1% er. Not fooling anyone.
MwaahH, Elizabeth!
WOW! You really need to run in 2020 Elizabeth! With Bernie (no matter who is Pres and who is VP). Or just you and whomever.
It is sickening the way you flap those arms of yours
I'm sure they vomited after your speech
it has been a long time  before a positive comment has came from her will hope for more in future not posturing for votes
#ResistTheLEFT #ResistNWO #ResistTheMedia
#HangHillaryUpsideDown and Pocahontas too
Will never forget that u didn't have the balls 2 support a real progressive when the rubber hit the road. Bernie wins MA, Trump is not prez.
thankfully she's using Indian hand signs my audio is out.
It's time for Socialist #Democrats to help #Republicans fix #healthcare. At least they're trying. #Therealindian #socialismsucks #aca #ahca
Yes
Wow! You're SO brave! Do you want a medal or a new headdress?
A little less resisting and more research would do democrats wonders
It is time for your (and all) States to figure out how to cover your resident's health ins. yourself. Raise income tax?
Liz, you are fast becoming a caricature of the cartoon-ish politician that belongs to the Democratic party.
Just pull some money out of your wallet for your underpaid women staff first, Pocohantas. Then they will match
Watching Liz, Is like watching a cartoon, where all the characters are on Prozac. Those crazy Dems!!!!
Well, LIE-WATHAW if you would have fixed it to begin with, it wouldn't be failing now!
Because we thought the gravy train would last forever. Pay as you go turned into get the keys to the treasury.
Asking "pretty please" is pointless and doesn't fool the American people anymore! Those barbarians only care about their stock price.
For surestep up and support AHCA.  Choice for all Americans
Obama care is dead & big lie.
Why are senators exempt from ObamaCare?  If it was good enough to force on us, why can't you live with it?
I'm sure they were shaking in their boots. You should try smoke signals next time.
What you really mean, you communist, is that you want to steal more  from hard-working Americans and give it to those who did not earn it.
#AuntieHillsays you go Gurl  that's how it's done tell those bad boys to behave, who needs laws or rules right?
This guy thinks your A Nut Job moving all over Soros Lover !
You will lose your Senate race. Healthcare your way or no way, Support are President or like you Don't get reelected!
Why don't you just ask Paul Ryan to his face or do you prefer grandstanding over answers. To communicate 1 talks 1 listens back and forth.
This is not how bills are written in a free Society wake up America 
did they disinfect the set as WSJ after U left? Would U have sued Harvard for discrimination (cheekbones) if not hired? Yes?
She bashes WS for the cameras, but behind the scenes takes their money...like all dishonest Democrats.
Nice reference!!
Go get 'em, Elizabeth. This is wrong. Just like so many things the GOP does!
Awright, Liz.
I'm sure you had 'em pissing in their shoes.

Viva la Resistance.
wow- love the fire
Why should employers provide health care? We are the only country that does this. Medicare for All is the answer.
...and did they agree?
You can give lip-service all you want. 
But without results, it's just words.
So you told the media to take a political stance.
Sen Warren; a true advocate for the people. Hang in there Sen Warren and fight trump and the repub admin.. Thank you!
Are you enrolled in Obama Care? Of course not you government leech.
It was starting to lower cost?  On WHAT planet?! -smh- Why does 1/2 of America want a VA-like healthcare system?  Gov't breaks things.
Yes, I have health care. I can't even get an appointment with my doctor though.
Pocahontas, you still spewing hate speech. I've seen nasty already. You should think about the rest of America.
Warren why are you so nasty is your pocketbook being threatened. That's what all this bs is about you could care less about American people!
Lol no you didn't
Big deal!  Like anyone is worried about you
U suck warren
Hey goofey, I think their still laughing.  Supply and demand will take care of the dems disaster. Thanks to trump, no more cheap labor
Ohhh nooo and I bet they were scared of goofey
Two major Chicago health insurance companies dumped 1000s of employees after forcing them to train replacements in India.  Corp doesn't care
Lunatic, I had great health care before the government got involved. Now I have a policy that I can't afford to use.
Go back to the woods with Hillary!
It's time for you to actually do something how about resigning that would be the best thing you could do right now you're in embarrassment
Ohh heard you say to @POTUS you haven't seen nasty yet..well you're wrong. Yes we have. You're a very very nasty person. Ugh!
You Dems ruined our HC. Took from people who paid their own way and gave it to others for free.
Ur too stupid Pocahontas to tell anyone anything!
Aren't you something, I don't know what but something

#BenedictWarren strikes again!
Tell your ridiculous Dem colleagues if they allow #Trumpcare to pass in exchange for #Russia sanctions they'll continue to hemorrhage voters
Tell me you're joking? Please
About the trade-off?  Nope.  The Democrats will allow Trumpcare to be voted on in exchange for getting sanctions on Russia.
There is still a VOID in Our United States. In the Midst Between ANY Healthcare Organization(s) And The American People~>There Must be ...
A Team built into this currently difficult to navigate HealthCare Industry & the Citizens who Absolutely Rely on their HealthCare Companies
Thank you senator. Would have liked to see their responses. Keep it up, I'll be calling your office Monday to say more
Would u care to tell ur constituents what healthcare plan u have? Then talk like ur one of them. Choose any nationality u lk U usually do
You'd think CEOs would support single payer so they could get out of the health care business.
Thank you Senator Warren for bringing to light the authoritarian tyranny and reign of terror Republicans are imposing regarding health care.
That is a ridiculous statement
And it's time for you to step down on Healthcare.
You go girl!  We love  you. Thanks for having our back
I can't believe a thing you say after you fleeced taxpayers with lies that your native american.

So your constituents can be free people and not enslaved by their stipends .
Obama care is maxed out and will continue to knock more off becasue of the expense . How about getting on board with trumo retraining
You know republicans getting threatened but yet you stoke the fire . How about sharing CDC report that came out at the end of last year
What Native Indian tribe did your family come from?
If I remember from my 55 years of life, businesses used to provide healthcare for their employees until Ocare killed that. Hmm, not sure!
This is not the way to run a Democracy .
and thats wonderful. We STILL need a PLAN!
Did they understand what you were telling them ? Many people will be suprised  if they did
Thank you for having the dignity to stand before this group as they rolled their eyes to your message.
comedy central can learn from these liberals!
And would a few Democrats please help gov. Roy Cooper in NC fight against the Rep
Loved listening to you talking about health care and putting people in their place I'm a big fan of yours. Possible run for president?
Please dont
Healthcare costs r climbing the fastest bc of ur boy Obama and his failed ACA. Tell the truth lady. Dems made this mess.
Senator, you're so cute thinking these fascist Wall St. sycophants care what you have to say. You know better, right? Now what?
She's just an instigator trying to stir things up as she always does. Cause her parties healthcare plan actually hurt Americans.
What they hell is a newpaper supposed to do?  Brainwash peopl....errr...never mind.  Wink wink, Fauxcahontis.


Republicans are trying to strip 23 million people of their health insurance — and this senator is calling them out over it 
How is it the republicans? Leave OBO in place and we ALL lose, so that's ok?
She is what makes "America Great"!
They think they're royalty, they only think of their own people. These people might as well be secessionists.
Fake Injun on the warpath......
You should've kept quiet for once .@SenWarren. These execs might've taught you something.
Late Responses.
Keep persisting!
For one thing you care only of yourself n not the American people.Left Wing Dem with delusional ideology against the American Constitution.
Leftist par excellence... no place in the US for this doctrine
Did you tell them to pay more taxes?
Thank you Senator Warren for always truly caring about the American people.  TX has (R) Ted Cruz. A servile puppy dog of Trump. & Cornyn 
You bet, drop all support for any politician supporting government intervention in healthcare.  Or, how the media is controlled by the left.
Go Elizabeth!!!
Good thing your just a Senator and not royalty so they can tell you to go pound sand.
We the American people deserve transparency on what the new Healthcare bill is & if we don't like it, then Vote NO!!
I have been calling both Republican Senators & representative in Texas every day & writing them.
Weird maybe you should talk to the actual health care joke 
13 men behind closed doors sounds like FRAT HOUSE HAZING and SHENANIGANS!!!  ENOUGH!!!  WE THE PEOPLE have to end these cowardly practices!!
Maybe u could do the same thing with your GOP colleagues & tell them it's time 2 impeach Duplicitous Don 4 violating Emoluments Clause?
Any Pres ,VP combo works for me
Warren
Franken
Harris
Swalwell
Heinrich

Then I went home and counted the $10 million my wealth increased since I took office. Lots of good wampum in taxpayer trough!
Love to hear the rooms response. Where they honest ,and said sorry, profit above all.
Profit above all doesn't work so good, when you turn normal consumers into poor, due to lack of healthcare -USA setting a powerful example
Did you hear a lot of "F" you?
Every time I hear you speak I ask myself why aren't you President.
Ooooh hardcore. NOT
7 yrs. and congress has done nothing to step up on healthcare. Liberals always blaming everybody else for their inaction.
It's time for warren to SHUT UP
Lunch on Wall Street .....HY-PO-CRITE!!!!
They don't care. They make enough $ to afford their healthcare. The gov't made sure that the rest of us couldn't afford it
I would love to tell you to your (liberal) face: Why did you and Dems destroy healthcare?
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! They need to be told the real truth!!!
So corporations have a social responsibility? It's almost like they are people.  Wait didn't you protest that SC ruling?
My Native American sign language is a tad rusty. Could you translate your physical gibberish to English for me, please, Fauxcahontas? Thanks
Be sure POTUS gets a lie detector test monitored by someone trained to see
Be sure POTUS gets a lie detector test monitored by someone trained to see a psychopathic lying pattern !!!!
Yes because no politician ever lied about anything. Kick them all out of office for lying because every 1 of them has, so your arguments nil
Who died and made you boss?
Why?

Democrats fixed healthcare under Obama.  Didn't they?
Health care is not the employers responsibility. Making it so adds cost & obstacles to care & is fiscally irresponsible. @SenWarren @WSJ
obamacare wrecked healthcare but now businesses need to "step up"?  dear lord lady are you really that dim?
She persisted.
Thank you, Senator Warren for advocating for the American people. As Justice Brandeis said, "sunlight is the best disinfectant."
@SenWarren  and @SenSanders should have been the candidates for the @TheDemocrats, not @HillaryClinton.
