We heard from business owners & community leaders about how our gov can be better partners for the South Coast (& ate some terrific cheese).
@realDonaldTrump This is how you communicate with constituents/voters/citizens

#Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote #Overturn2PopularVote FR&SQANS
You have to advertise that you're finally back in your home state after months and months of abandoning your constituents for fundraisers?
She has had a lot of "Town Halls" this summer & they have been about issues, policy not fund raising. Don't comment unless you pay attention
She's an angry, fake Indian who took a job away from a real minority. I hope the voters of MA send her back to the "reservation."
Oh really? What job was that? You know nothing about her heritage. I know, & have proof* she is the best US senator.* Her voting record!
The job at Harvard that paid her $430,000 for teaching one class yet the fake Indian goes around criticizing the high cost of education!
She was paid what other profs were paid. Your figure includes other comp. including consultation on law cases. Should she be paid less? Why?
2020? Please?
Portuguese, the other white meat. 
I'm Portuguese BTW.
FRAUDS FRAUDS FRAUDS.. Please go away Pocahontas!!
Gawd! You are stupid Paul with your 20 followers
Elizabeth Warren is a disgrace of a human... Forget about american
ERASE!!!!
L
#AdoptaDreamer
Warren? Did you  liberals wake up one morning and thought you could erase the history of this great country of ours.  You Morans need to be
And we are still with out insurance. Enjoy
Besides who is dumb enough to marry you
Aweee my peeps!
How about you focus on American markets... You wonder why everybody likes donald trump so much # america first
You Liz Warren are an enemy of American values... Shame.on you...
BETSY, I ASSUME I HELPED PAY FOR YOU TRIP. WHY DON'T YOU GO ON YOUR OWN DIME?
At least you are trying to reach some of your constituency!!
#defeat Elizabeth Warren
This is the left
That is some crappy early 20th century photoshop. You can even see the lines at the bottom of Sanger's picture where they inserted it. 

Sigh. That's not doing better. Another crappy meme, this time with false equivalency and no data sources. Stop wasting my time. 
Do you know history or you just like to destroy it
Is that a monument to Chris Cantwell? I do know history, but ur tweets clearly indicate that u don't, & that u can't grasp how data works.

Please tell us how you are thwarting the worst President -- ever!!!
You know I could not believe that we hired President Obama twice. But I did not go out making an idiot of myself for 8 years. You've a start
Please demand that Robert C Byrd statue be removed!
Please don't the removal of history is always the start of something bad.
That's what books are for!
How many lies did you tell, NON NATIVE THIEF
Get back to DC and stop him...
Elizabeth warren is a scum bad of the worst kind.
Kiss my ass Elizabeth warren
Mrs Warren, you and all the other senators should be in Washington working for the American people. Remember healthcare- tax reform? Work
Thank you Senator Warren for giving us(the American people) a voice.
Congratulations to you both for publicizing this business and to Portugalia for providing fresh food diversity in the U.S.
He is a narricist, small handed, bigot who proves daily that he is certifiable!!.
I really want to volunteer for your election campaign. I can't donate but I will do everything I can getting out the vote here
,why can't you go to an american company own by real american people?
Please demand that vet MLK statue be torn down
The only reason you help small businesses is to increase your tax revenue and less profit for the business
I could care less where you go list of all going to the senate baby killer
We love you Elizabeth
Hey Sen. Warren I got an idea run for President in 2020 and let kick him out of office. We all need a new direction#Warren for Prez
THAT is EXACTLY  what he WANTS! He's TRYING to b a DICKTATOR!  But I hear ya! He's the DEVIL!!
The Portuguese are hard working, law abiding people.
WISH you would run in 2020!!! I'd back you for SURE! Love  u Liz!
wolf should buy some razor blades I'm tired of looking at polar bear shame on fake news CNN
@SenWarren you are awesome. I can't wait to get your action figure!!!
Elizabeth Warren should quit and live in a hole
Thanks, stay strong and God bless!
Tell everyone to vote!  It's the only way to save us from them doing it TO us and not doing things FOR us!
Instead of complaining,volunteer for the local board of elections to register new democrats to vote the republiclans out!
To bad you didn't fall in the river
Trump is frightening.I have never been so concerned for my country.He is a malignant narcissist.
You are frightening you are turn our country apart andy biting it even bigger democratic morons
Warren is a great politician! Has successfully convinced millions of people she cares about them. Just trying to get herself rich.
Can we get a debt ceiling for Donald Trump's Secret Service? I see he's at it again today!
How much do they pay you to go there?
Wow
Wonderful!! You're a true, authentic natural.  Great work! Loved the pics.
That's really i.portant work you are doing. Why not write a story about it for Woman Day magazine
Breaking News Breaking News! Trump threatens to shut down the government if the GOP does not get funding for the wall
Who cares?
So ....

Quick, revoke her passport & put her on no fly list. This is our chance to keep the fake Indian out of the USA.

That had to be fun!!!
Quit the Senate and get a job there. Please.
Obrigada!
please stay there
Oh boy. Exciting. Eating cheese will make America better. Good job a day well spent.
Thank you for doing what you, as senator, are supposed to be doing because most ate not.
You will never get re-elected,  you have been a loser from start to finish,  we finish you her in MA..  Your done.
So lovely that you can travel on the tax payer dollars.
Thank you for paying #fallriver a visit, and recognizing the local #merchants.
Do they have free everything there?
Portugal represent!
Annual day in the district otherwise you are busy running the nation
Thanks for the tip @SenWarren. Heading to #FallRiver this week & will check out Portugalia.
Why do you go there? You have zero interest other than votes. Many you won't get. #pathetic
i believe she is 1/64 Portuguese!
You are amazing! Wow, I am lost for words.
SEN. WARREN: I am relying on you to lead the Democratic Party, in our best interests. ####
You are awesome, Liz
Thanks for sharing
The gulf war veterans need a hearing in DC
The gulf war veterans need a hearing in DC
Now we're politicizing food? Really?
Well aren't you special!
Working hard as usual Pocahontas? You're still an Embarrassment to Massachusetts
Portugalia is outstanding!
you going to say your Portuguese now
VOTE HER OUT!
How much hate you have in your heart . Listen to the people .
President has an agenda and help him. Hate never wins .
The President was talking about you last night!
Hey Elizabeth.... Do you even know where Portugal is located?? Bet Not!!!
Lemme guess, you're 1/16 Portuguese too?
Look another free vacation
#FakeIndianRealHypocrite
I'll bet you can't even find Fall River on a map of Massachusetts. #FakeIndianRealHypocrite
Trump is scaring the hell out of us!!!
Retire please !!!
The food is wonderful!
Too bad you didn't fall in the river! Missed opportunities. I hate em! Hey how's your president hopeful hill o' beans doing? Still whining?
I'm surprised they would let you in! I see you left your straight jacket at 
It's clear they put a lot of attention and effort into their market. Shops like this are what makes a neighborhood great.
Jerk!
Try American food. You do live in America. Like for example, Indian food.
You stink.
hey ya hey ya hey yaya
May I assume they give away free food to everyone?
Like you realy care . Spare us your insecere gushing , you are  like the screech on a chalk board .   Fool that you are , learn to zip it!
Wait, are you Portuguese too?
It's an American business, Lizzy
Bread!!! 
Try the succotash and acorn bread
Yes. Fall River. Lovely community. ...if you like poverty, crime, medicaid, hunger, desperation, unemployment, control
. Hope you all are getting a good feel of what it meant not living in DC, as you take your experiences back.
Good grief who cares
Where's warrren????
Wait for it..... Elizabeth now claims to be part Portuguese!
Ok?  I'm confused, are you trying to say that you were in a Portuguese market so you have a bleeding heart for immigrants?
Or that her Indian part isn't there to scalp anyone
Come to #NewBedford - we have better Portuguese food and restaurants!
Shouldn't she be at a Native American festival? Not Portaguese

Sen. Warren,
What are you doing to Impeach Trump? He is a danger to the USA.

#ImpeachTrump #WednesdayWisdom #Resist

So, are you 25% Portuguese now. We do know you're 100% crazy
I went to college around the corner at Roger Williams and always loved the amazing Portuguese food in the area.
You tryna tell us sumthin Liz? Should we be seeking dual citizenship?
Get a new make over plz

Now you will say your Portuguese
A chourico grinder would be perfect 
You're a ray of sunshine during this never ending Trump storm
Breaking news! Trump threatens to shut down the government if Democrats don't help the GOP fund the wall
Love Fall River.  A hard working community.  I am slightly envious right now 
Making me miss it out there. Used to live just a bit south in Portsmouth. Used to go to FR often.
Sen. Warren bridging ethnicity...how American.
Did you show them your Teepee making skills?
Nice
Great Job @SenWarren -it was great to see you in Atlanta- #Resist  "We aren't ever going to build your stupid wall" #GoldStarDad
Wish I'd known!
Eat the Portuguese bread !
Next time you go pick up a bottle of Casal Garcia if they have it. Quite tasty.
Portuguese bread, the best ever.
And you are a simpleton hands down. Keep shoveling the bullshit  and  hope your sense of reason prevails !

Move to portugal
Growing up in Idaho our next door neighbors were from Fall River and are Portuguese. Great people!
Wow!! AMAZING!!
Celebrate #Holyoke this weekend
Wish you had stayed in that river !
Maybe you could work there after you lose your reelection bid.

Art.
