Bernie Sanders would have fixed this shit by now.
Wow
Fill those fundraising coffers
Really? That's her motivation? Wow. Smart women really threaten you, eh? #mommyissues
Yes, hers and Kamala Harris. Both just happen to include fundraising emails everytime they have a snappy retort on the floor? C'mon. What if
Email every time she attacked someone "from the other side" then I wouldn't question her motives.
Take $$$ out of campaigns and kill Citizens' United.
I'm almost totally with you. Imo no pol is gonna vote to receive less money for elections, maybe just capping the amount would be a middle
Ground we could get them to accept. I just can't ever see them turning down funds. Look at the Osoff race, 40mil is insane.
Love her . What a champion . Thank you Senator Warren !!!
2008 crash again due in part to brexit?
One Senator Elizabeth Warren moment to remind folks what the Democratic Party stands for.
omg as soon as i saw the white guy i puked
Of course, it's safe for him. We bailed him out.
Great and keep their feet to the fire @SenWarren !
Wow, that is mind blowing. They have no morals. Did not learn a single thing.
It's the same argument as a mentally disturbed person who wants to go off their meds because everything is fine. Because of their meds.
Excellent analogy!
No. That analogy is in no way discriminatory. Ridiculous to even suggest such.
The hell it ain't. I lived for 45 years with bipolar 2 before it was officially diagnosed. The dope Market is a scam
I guarantee you can trust me with a gun more than you can trust yourself. You are made superstitious by social engineering
Then ur disease state is a very mild case/ misdiagnosis. But I don't trust u more with a gun.
I sincerely thank you for your service as an RN but, you underestimate the human ability to overcome adversity 1st & foremost within oneself
Why do you keep interrupting him? Don't women hate when men do this, but here you are doing it  #practicewhatyoupreach
Awesome!!!
A great job...with grace!!!
These banks really have some nerve. He was almost making it sound like his bank didn't need the bailout money but took it "because everyone else was"
It's my fantasy to have a senator like her #SevenDeadlySens #antidote
You bailed them out before with approval for Obama... No American approval again
So happy that there is someone like @SenWarren  trying to protect  us. She is one smart lady!
Let me know the bank, I want my money there.
These fraudulent liars and thieves should have been rounded up, prosecuted, and jailed.   They were/are fully aware of what they are doing..
There pursuit of the all mighty dollar blinded them to the risk
It didn't blind them, they knew THEIR money was safe, ours on the other hand...
I like that casual grammar correction.
Yup I know better.
We knew you did, as most folks have came to the same realization over time...   Many of us were FULLY AWARE of the FRAUDULENT THEFT underway
One of the big takeaways that I'm not seeing people discuss: this guy was around pre-2008 and STILL HAS HIS SAME JOB. How can that happen???
Because no bankers or Wall Street execs went to jail for causing the 2008 crash. A lot of #Occupy protesters went to jail tho. #ThanksObama
Don't blame Obama he wasn't in the justice department or Congress. Where were all the investigations? That wasn't up to Obama.
Obama having DHS bulldoze the #Occupy camps was his call. He could have let the protests speak for us. Like him or not, that was a fuck up.
Obama & DHS didn't do the bulldozing each individual state did. This does a good job of explaining what happened
You're leaving out the part where that was coordinated with DHS under threat of having the #Occupy protesters labled df domestic terrorists
And yes, Obama personally praised the protesters on live tv while backhandedly "worrying" whether the encampments were safe. Complete bs.
And #Occupy was founded in part because of frustration and disappointment with Obama's lack of action on financial reform.
He keeps saying "Listen" when he's NOT listening or answering her direct question.
Next Time The Tax payers GOP and Democratic s are not Bailing out these Elites Banksters!
Awesome Liz !!!
Maybe next time don't bail out failing and/or corrupt institutions.
Brilliant. We need a republican on her side to end this crony capitalism
So Rep Scalise being shot wasn't "nasty" enough for @SenWarren. Stirring more liberal crazies to attack #GOP #POTUS
Grand Pivot!
TRUMP USA Mobster, Russia Money Launderer. Russia Elect Collusion, Traitor, Leaker, Cover UP, Makes Nixon look Good. This is TREASON
No proof try again
TRUMP Taj Mahal FinCen Money Laundering Conviction 2015
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1358O3B2acx-rMdzh4qPBRiPODHAX2KTD2RVJKty-JF0/edit?usp=sharing … …
REX TILLERSON AND RUSSIA
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NJg7IiPJmE1laC-j_FMIil8JZptvNFqSYMkDGTDjRms/edit?usp=sharing … …
DEVOS, SPECTRUM HEALTH, ALFA BANK, TRUMP
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1suzsUyHXP2cFHQElDwAC-89SHNZOWukPMt1xQXSiFYQ/edit?usp=sharing … …
WILBUR ROSS & RUSSIA
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HbUuymt8PfTOyb4SzHqYTIO7eOUojW-4da28ZbA-97g/edit?usp=sharing … …
 RT
An oldie but goodie
Next time Us Taxpayers in the GOP and DNC are Not Bailing out these Elite Banksters Vincent and I agree
I need you to be my president Ms. @SenWarren 
Here we are, yet again. Will we let them destroy the economy again? 1929, 1970, 1980, 2008, when will it stop?
When the USA puts a hard cap on its debt level...things will fix themselves. US should spend less on bombs & more on health and education
My favorite part was Simmons' "Everybody else was doin' it!" argument.
It's a classic for those that knew they were doing wrong but wanted to do it anyway, because reasons.
@SenWarren is a showboat!  smaller banks were not the cause of the 2007 crash.Large banks, Fannie Mae, credit default swaps,Mortgage Backed
Brilliant. I salute you
Thanks Senator Warren for exposing what may not be obvious to many of those supporting "roll backs" and the general lack of accountability
TY @SenWarren for not allowing this BS artist to manipulate the facts, to say 'well other banks...', or to try to confuse the laymen public
This is the one area you are consistently good at. But then you scream accountability then support a broken buerocratic healthcare mandate
The taxpayer made $253M on the TARP loan extended to this bank (Remember, TARP $ even went to banks that didn't need it to avoid bank runs)
How much $ did the taxpayers make on the TARP loans made to banks? How much did we lose on the TARP loans Obama extended to GM & Chrysler?
why are you replying to random accounts that retweeted this?
You go Senator Warren!
She poned him!
Why should anyone believe YOU? You lied about being native American to get votes.
Is it getting hot in here from the hot air?
You tell him Ms. WARREN
why did you and Obama not let them fail? Loser!
Greed
why the banks count foreclosures and degeneret assets no wonder they fold @SenWarren @SenSanders. @svandinter. @CNN @BBCBreaking.
Democrats regulations caused the housing crash! People that never should have gotten a home loan, did & couldn't pay! Thanks Democrats
Being from Scotland i just love watching you bring these bankers down a few pegs. They honestly believe the world should applaud them daily.
Trump did great the last economic crisis remember? Why wouldn't him and his buddies want mkre of that.
He's contradicting himself he should reimburse all money he got from all of us who pay taxes. Come on, how many pple more needs 2 b homless?
You've got one hell of a research team; Please, you and @SenSanders sic them on the Kochs and fossil fuel corps. Let me volunteer2help U!
Greed can destroy the American empire as it did to the Romans.
give him hell
Good morning Pocahontas lol #Clown #WasteOfTaxPayerMoney #KillaryClintonLover 
#ResistTheLEFT #FearNoLiberal
#ResistTheMedia #ResistNWO
America is sick of your horrid baseless attacks on our President. What about Hillarys' ties to Russia? She profited from selling US uranium
Is Trump or isn't Trump under investigation?
Americans didnt really get adimeof 2007-2010 #tarp or #bailouts @bofa stockTo $6 was around $60 2000-2007 #bofa bailed out its ALL Bullshit!

My name is Danney Lee Williams, I am the son of former president @billclinton. Please help me get this message to my father. #BillClintonSon 
Danny, please be careful of what you wish. If you get to shake Slick Willies hand, you may not get your hand back
Fauxahontas dances with snakes, U'VE NOT SEEN PEOPLE'S MIGHT YET.
LIKES OF TAXPAYER-FRAUD LIKE YOU BELONG IN JAIL NOT ADDRESSING ANY @POTUS.
Hey hypocrite. How comes it's not illegal for ya'll to "insider" trade, but it is for the rest of us. How much r u wroth now? LIAR
You mean the one Warren foreclosed on homes for?
Then he paid Hillary to speak and gave millions to her campaign. Warren is such a hypocrite.
Thank you for all your work. I believe dems have a platform and that you can define that platform. Please do that otherwise trump not enough
Excelent.
Who?
There is so much I could tell you about your voice and mannerisms that will keep you from ever being elected President...but why would I?
Thank you for watching out for all Americans, you are my heroine, and I wish there were more politicians Ike you.
Gotta' love her!  Sen. Warren, thank you for always fighting for the "little guys".  Wish you could teach my senators how to do the same...
You are a criminal yourself! And I DID build that! You've NEVER built a THING! And your voice is like nails on a chalkboard!
donald trump has got to go
#ImpeachTrumpNOW
PLEASE FIGHT THESE PEOPLE THAT ARE ROBBING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WITH THEIR LIES.  HELP US.
Awesome! But that Simmons just has no shame.
STOP THIS BS.. ELIZABETH W. HE'S A CORPORATE THEFT SIDE LINE HIM

Not sure how you come back from those opening remarks. #whyshouldanyonebelieveyou lol.
Boy I really wish she would have run no offense to Hilary but she would have kicked Trump's butt and we'd have both houses right now
Hey ... Pocahontas. ..POTUS WILL NEVER cower in front of u 
Look in the mirror and you will see the nasty person you are.
Why do we allow the Wolves to safeguard the Hen House? Isn't that congress's job?
Short term memory on the part of the public. The bank CEO is back because he hasn't forgotten.
Banks need more regulations not less. Say no to overpaid CEO's.
The banks were only able to do what they did due to the repeal of the Glass/Steagal act.Billy boy Clinton did that.
*yawn
Why do these thieves think they can keep stealing from the the people?  Thank you Ms. Warren for protecting our interests! #GoElizabethGo
That was wonderful, thank you for your continued efforts!
Pay attention America! Step up fight back we can do this put stop 2getting ripped off by Banks Let our voices B heard #VoteBlue across aisle
Elizabeth Warren you have no credibility
When regulators and banks get on the same page; that would be great. However we need a system that doesn't set every Tom, Dick and Harry up
I mean u have the capital and funding you get the bank. Stricter laws and cut off at the knees.
We get it you hate small banks and take trial lawyers money, pretend to be native American and pretend to care. #fakepolitician
Put dod-Frank back! Let's force banks to loan to people that don't qualify AGAIN! We want tax breaks not BS Liz!
love.........
I live the way you think!
Book sales lagging so fake Native American launches attack on president to spark interest.  Doesn't appear to be working look for more soon
Does the absurdity of this type of behaivor ever shock you anymore?
You AIN'T seen nasty. Did you attend college to say ain't? Repent from hate speech. I think you're hiding something.
You lying wretch!  You and the criminal 8 should face charges.
Mrs. Warren, why do you want to be so nasty? What are you hiding? You talk out of fear.
Note that his only response was to say that the ENTIRE banking industry failed. Yes, that's why the ENTIRE industry needs rules.
<3
Your party gave him the bailout money!! Plus Clinton is the one who forced banks to give loans to people who could not pay them back.
We know you are very familiar with the banking system & Wall Street & investments. Obama bailed Citi Bank and many others. You got wealthy.
@SenWarren -> "I defend women", and you pay them less than what you pay men. FAKE SENATOR! OUT OUT OUT! Nasty Woman.
Wow, such retoric...
You, Senator Warren, are my hero! If they do the same things, & we don't stand up  to their pure GREED, we are fools, I'm totally with you!
"Donald, you ain’t seen nasty yet.”  That's Liz Warren code for - "we may only be shooting congressmen NOW, but..". You're sick.
What an awesome you did
You ran our small community banks out of business with all your red tape requirement. Your mindless policies have only hurt the middle class
Thank you for your intelligence and commitment to the people of our country.
And yet as the head of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Warren under #Obama didn't prosecute any of the #banksters. A true progressive.
Your regulations killed all the small banks, cut off access to the middle class and small businesses. It only made the big banks stronger.
Did the banks or loan institutions pay it back?
IF ONLY all Senators were this smart, tenacious and dedicated to the people they are supposed to serve
Sen. Warren, would you mind explaining this to your colleague, @PatToomey? I tried and he just blew me off.
Please just pass a law that forbids public bailout of certain activities, and stop playing this game. Clearly they DON'T CARE about rules.
warren looking for more gun violence
You dems gave them the bailout
How you incite violence is criminal.
There's some Major laws that need to be changed,  lmplemated. How can a President come in to office and nullify everything the past Pres
Worked hard for 8 years to get accomplished.  Dosnt make sense
Yes, but does he send e-mails?
Interesting.  Did you ever disclose your 1 million dollar equity line from B Of A?  They received a huge bailout from TARP.
You're inciting violence and should be ashamed of yourself. 
If another republican gets hurt it's your fault!
How about a $1.4b for veterans who return from war with no job prospects or Americans struggling to get by on minimum wage?
When banks failed & bailed out Americans lost retirement funds & savings. Deregulation now if fatal.  #TheResistance #FBR #HeroesResist
Do not deregulate UNLESS there's also an "absolute no bailout clause for any bank" EVER.
Thanks for all you've done and continue to do!
Thank you! We need more people like you watching out for our interests!
Don't roll back regulations.
You are a #flipflop....git gurl
PLEASE be our next president 
Strong arguments by Warren.
Thank you for looking out for us.
Great msg but Shorter, crisper, sound bites please. Electorate wants simple messaging. Read book, Made to Stick
YOU ARE NOT FOR THE PEOPLE!!!
That was a splendid example of how an elected official should work to defend the taxpayer against corporate welfare cheats. Well done! 
BULL 
Wait how much do you make teaching 1 class at Harvard?
I love you, @SenWarren!  Keep on persisting!
That's right nothing to see here open up the gates and we'll do a better job next time of Wrecking the economy.
Warren 2020!
Don't run. You don't have the balls to back Bernie but @TulsiGabbard did. Fall in line like you did for Clinton and get her to run.
She is so good at her job. 
I never want this to happen again but if it does the American people should be bailed out & not the banks
Warren for President. Bernie Sanders for Vice Presidentto get rid ofAmerican Oligarchs
Greed. And more greed
You are a self centered egoist only out for yourself and not one single constituent.  I wish upon you much worse than you want for Trump.
gmkproj - You are the person who the senator is fighting for. You might as well name your kids Trump and worship them.
I visited MA. Beautiful state and great people. I just don't get how they could elect someone so batshit crazy. This woman has lost it.
You are responsible for the assassination of Republicans with your inflammatory fascist rhetoric.
If this woman is the best the Dems have to offer I look forward to 8 years of Trump. Hail Trump!
Thank you for your honest assessment Pocohantas. I wouldn't trust anything you say. You're whole life is a lie.
Before you think you can go on the war path. Strip off the lies and fake information. Under banking attack suggests total ignorance. Fake
