#Breaking: Chicago judge rules AG Sessions can't withhold public safety grant money from so-called sanctuary cities. http://bos.gl/C3nzJvd  
She is happy the law can't be followed?  What am I missing here?  Handcuffs maybe?
That the law is being upheld is what you are missing
This is what is wrong with this country. Plain and simple.   When you open immigration, your not just talking Mexico
What is RIGHT with our country is the ability of the judicial branch to interpret the constitution and laws. It's what makes the US great.
Interp the const. is for SCOTIS. Judges can decide to enforce punishment or http://not.Now  they order others not to enforce laws.
Uh hello... the Supreme Court is part of the judicial branch. Sorry, I'll try to speak slower for you.
Ugh, lower courts are the problem and were obviously the context of the tweet. Typical
Lower court decisions can be appealed. Do you have a concept of how this country works?
It's also a validation of the founding principles of the US, including balance of power between executive and judicial branches. Hurray!
Judicial branch is over reaching its powers. They themselves are unconstitutional!
They are responsible for interpretation of laws and constitution. What you said is an oxymoron.
My point is, judicial is trying to write law; that's the over reach!
There is a process to settle such debates. It is written into the constitution.
Why do u want dangerous illegals here?
Nobody wants dangerous anything here.  On the other hand, treating human beings with dignity isn't a bad thing.  Or maybe you think it is?
Dignity is fine....put them on a nice comfy bus or plane and get them the Hell out!
Yeah.  It makes far more sense to incur that expense and deprive ourselves of the tax revenue they generate.  Brilliant economic theory.
Educate yourself, my friend.
Try again.
Senator Warren has proved by her own words and actions she is not ever going to stand for anything for America. Obstruction. Vote her out.
Believe me!!!! We are trying!!!! Deihl for senate!
V.a. shiva is running too. I would vote for him as well.
Actually it's the LAW Senator. If you don't like the law get it changed. Until then sanctuary cities should not receive federal funds.
Keep smoking that peyote Fauxahontas
Hard to believe that a U.S. Senator supports lawlessness. If you don't stand for upholding the law then why are you in office?

Retweet as much as possible! Politicians may not want to uphold the law but American citizens do!!! Call...let 'em all run to California! 
So,  enforcing immigration law bothers you?
"Safety net" programs are unconstitutional because “charity” is not one of the enumerated powers of the fed govt.
"The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people."
Such as our lives, liberties, persons, and property.
i.e. our welfare
Worried about SCOTUS though...
Lol. I bet you're for state's rights until you're not, too. 
Hope Elton John sues Donald Trump for calling Kim Chung Un "Rocket Man".
It's kind of odd to see a U.S. Senator supporting anarchy and the rebellion of states.
NO Democrat was ElectedIn 2016
like 98% of Americans
I
- HATE obama
- WANT Clinton Prosecuted
- Voted FOR TRUMP
- Voted Rep ACROSS THE BOARD
As recent history PROVES...........PRESIDENT Trump WINS in the end...........
#ICENOTDEFEATED
His "wins" usually destroy things of value: animals, civil rights, water, air, atmosphere, land, humans, etc.
This = B I G  L O S E R
It all boils down to money doesn’t it?
You mean those "dumb" and "dangerous" thinks like FOLLOWING THE LAW??!! While YOU leftists violate YOUR OATH to uphold our laws/constitution
So Americans come last in America to illegals  ? That's why u lost
I can't believe you got elected. Is Massachusetts a communist state like California.
Remove the Judge
Reagan appointed him, :-)
Duh !!Reagan gone since 1990s
Justices oft remain for DECADES
go trump!
Says the faux Indian living behind her wall.. screws up career bloated tick .. can we deport you .. outta Washington ?
"Chicago judge."  ROTFL.  You mean, corrupt demonicrat hack.
Yet, you haven't co-sponsored the Senate Dream Act...
Their called LAWS. Ever heard of them? I know their pesky inconveniences to leftists.
How many immigrant families are you willing to sponsor?
Get this message out!  Maybe Elton can bankrupt Trump, he's already morally bankrupt.
He is coming to Portland tomorrow... His hate is not welcome here. What are you doing about Ethics?
illegal immigrants have ZERO rights to this country.Do it legally like so many in my family have.
Warren believes laws to be dumb and dangerous. She needs to realize that her socialist agenda is a threat to American citizens.
Cut to the White House & DOJ doing exactly that, defying the court in 3... 2... 1... 

PLEASE stop thinking they respect the rule of law.
....or you could just proclaim you are a Native American for monetary gain...that works, right?
So you admit this ruling is not legal and will eventually fail?
You really think allowing people who already violated the law by coming here is going to reduce the danger in these cities?
Go back to your homeland Pocahontas !
Whats wrong with a lawful immigration system? Why you want to harbor dangerous felons?Why do you want to interfere with ICE doing their job?
As a senator, one of your duties is to uphold the law. You seem to want to break it continuously.
#BullHockey - What the hell are you doing protecting Illegals more than American Citizens?  #DrainTheSwamp
You mean like following the law?  And you call yourself a "lawmaker"? 
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/909140685558767616 … WE THE PEOPLE COMING 4ALL "RATTLE SNAKES NR GOV" MUST B LOCKED N 4X4 CELLS 4 KILLING AMERICANS LIFE&LIBERTYGOD STOP
https://twitter.com/anomaly1/status/761287432709009410 … WE THE PEOPLE REMEMBER 9/11/01&9/11/12 "SNAKES N WE THE PEOPLES GOV & UNITED WE PEOPLE DESTROY SNAKES PERMANENTLY"

https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/909140685558767616 … WE THE PEOPLE COMING 4ALL "RATTLE SNAKES NR GOV" MUST B LOCKED N 4X4 CELLS 4 KILLING AMERICANS LIFE&LIBERTYGOD STOP
ICE is here to protect the US citizens including you. Keep pandering to your false hopes so it hurts you more when it dosn't happen #POTUS
Who protects us from the KKK and racists idiots?
The #2ndAmendment first of all should be all the protection you need. Then dial 911 as a follow-up.
If the 2nd Amendment would only work for all; ahhhh. What a wonderful world it would be.
Self defense classes then.
Lol...again...we do what the government should be doing!
You asked what you could do to protect yourself from these organizations. Only freeloaders wait for government help. Be proactive.
You're taking it somewhere else.  I've never asked for a handout from anyone. 2 out 3 kids serve.  Never cheated on my taxes.  You?  Trump?
I’m a proud Chicagoan! @ChicagosMayor
Thank God. Sessions is dangerous #trumpisracist #pornagainchristian hashtag for @tedcruz
Do you want to assfuck? Not interested.
oh, im sure youre interested
Typical #trumpkin
Can offer insults but nithing intelligent to say. 
Were you 1of the 1000 people that showed up at march today?!
You could probably find somebody to assfuck there.
got my eye on you big boy
Doesn't ICE enforce laws? Don't you and Congress make law? Would you feel the same if cities refused to comply with laws you agree with?.. 
Oh, no! Everyone MUST OBEY all the laws she and other Dems agree with.
You need to lay off the peace pipe

#MAGA 
Don't criticize her culture -- oh, wait
@Delavegalaw Does this set presedent?
Well, the government will probably appeal, but for now it is precedent.
Yes, yes, yes.  Thank you Ms. Vega.
Are you kidding me, get off your band wagon and wake up, Ms Warren your party is the problem, a judge in Chicago, imagine that
This won't hold up. Enjoy your short-lived victory. We are a nation of laws. This judge is a fraud who will be overturned.
Yeah, we'd hate to have elected officials follow the rules and laws of the country.
purely political - this will be appealed - these are DISCRETIONARY funds - they can stipulate nearly anything (legal) esp. following the law
Upholding the laws of this country is not dumb and dangerous, it's what you were elected to do.   Now do your job.
Theyre not policies...they're laws ICE follows. You're deranged.
Faucahontas called federal immigration law "dumb & dangerous." We need #VoterID and #TermLimits
It is pathetic that Democrats spit on the Constitution that they take an oath 2 protect. Better 2 not make an oath than 2 make 1 & break it.
Yeah that decision will be overturned and Thomas will be writing the opinion. Funny how you socialists argued the Opposite under Obama 
Shut up Globalist!
Not good news traitor
Dumb & dangerous ice policies huh? Law & order dumb huh? Smart Americans are waiting for the day when Karma hits U & it will soon enough.
Wait and see!
That's going to tick off the elf
Senator Warren what do you want open borders do you really want to be like Europe should we have no immigration laws are you insane
Not ICE policies, you poor excuse for an American, the LAW. This protects municipalities that don't want to follow Federal LAW "senator".
I cannot wait to see you Out of office. What a dreg.
Wow poca' how dumb are you to endorse the status quo of chicago's deadly and dangerous gang violence, you're a sick left looney
Senator Warren you're continual dismissal of Americans is http://shameful.You 're last day holding a gov position can't come to soon.
Yea for the court system!!
Quick! Everyone take this psychopath seriously!
No we will leave the bludgeoning and terror to those like YOU who protect criminals.
Failure to uphold existing Federal Laws is good news to you. Is it not considered treason to go against Government laws
Lol like shes getting reelected or something....doubt that
So when are you going to stand for real Americans as much as you stand for illegals
You should scalp them.
Drop Dead Warren.    How much have you stole this month?

I believe the d and d falls on you. Still dragging knuckles with biased obama judges. I don't doubt your ethnicity but American you are not!
Please run for president so #Trump can win again 
Go away @SenWarren...your ignorance annoys me. :(
How about that Smeagol
http://Sen.You  Didn't Build That ... Not Pro America..more Faux American
Listen @SenWarren a.k.a. #pocahontas just watch. Ok? Just watch @POTUS a.k.a @realDonaldTrump get the job done. You do not want to #MAGA
Elizabeth, you are a poor representative of your party and and ever poorer one for our nation
Government marshalls upholding America's federal laws are dumb and dangerous? Oh boy....
Yes a liar like you would cheer for those willingly break the law.
dumb and dangerous policies? are you kidding? try reading the constitution sometime! you are a disgrace to the office you hold!
HEY WARREN

we know U & UR kind struggle with Law & Order but it is in the Constitution that You Swore To Uphold OR Have You Never Read It ?
November 2018 cant get here fast enough so America can Speak Out Again to Get ALL of the Crazies like Warren, Pelosi, Schumer, Waters OUT !
Liz, you must be pleased with London's mayor. In fact, maybe you should go there-- very diverse and the subways are divine.
Dumb and dangerous is allowing violent criminals to stay in our country and protecting them from capture. When they invade MA you'll change
Your so very UNAMERICAN!
Thats rich, a law maker is calling enforcing the laws dumb & dangerous....sighs
You say that because you never lost a child who was murdered by illegals Many illegals are criminals in their countries who ran to Chicago!
Chicago should be solely responsible to pay for the welfare for kids who lose their parents due to its high crime!? So far has been Tax $
Bludgeon???  You are a Drama Queen.
Probably doesn't happen in her neighbourhood, maybe she should get out more.
Does anyone notice Elizabeth Warren wouldn't be caught dead with illegal immigrants living in her neighborhood? #LetThemEatCake 
Believe it or not: ppl support this idiot Warren! It's proof of just how much some ppl have been dumb downed. FollowN law is now dangerous!
U know, I read your latest and walked away loving u as a person; you're a gr8 lady, but ur politics suck. U live in the city &then tell me
Tell that to Kate Steinle's family. Have you even bothered to acknowledge the families who have lots loved ones to crimes by illegal aliens.
Get your peace pipe out
SCOTUS!
The Supreme Court will ultimately decide the legality of sanctuary cities. Chances are, they will vote to uphold immigration policies.
I hope the ruling isn't reversed by the radical reactionaries on the Supreme Court!
Illegal alien people that commit crimes against our citizens and each other need to leave. SELECTIVE IMMIGRATION POLICY is best for US.
Wonder who put that CORRUPT judge on the bench, wouldn't be CORRUPT Obama would it? All your asses belong in JAIL.
So you love abetting illegal criminals? Your ass needs to go. Chicago? ROFLMAO one of the most CORRUPT cities in the US!
The Democrats sure seem to have their fair share of real winners but I think this probably takes the cake.  Disgustingly stupid
SIT DOWN N
TALK TO FAMILIES 
WHO LOST LOVED ONES 
KILLED BY ILLEGALS THE 
■BLUDGEONING■
■DUMB■
■DANGEROUS■
COMMENT 
WILL BE A BIG HIT
Aiding and abetting an illegal alien is a Felony, one would think you would know that.
Its so embarrassing these days to tell people your from Massachusetts because of you ... your days are so numbered as Senator #GeoffDiehl
IT'S CALLED 
THE CONSTITUTION 
READ IT

AMERICA/AMERICAN'S
FIRST

WOW BLUDGEONING?

TRUMP WON
ELECTION BECAUSE
OF THESE POLICIES 
JUST WOW
Wow woman and you are a senator???? Shame shame shame... how much do you really hate America?
But we can bludgeon towns into complying with bathroom laws.   #ThePretendian is an idiot.
These Damn judges are going to have to be held accountable!!! They are rogue, corrupt.
Don't worry Pocacrapass, SCOTUS will correct that bad decision.
Read the statehood treaties Pocahontas
Build the wall deport all illegal. Support the homeless Americans  LA has over 100,000 homeless. Vets will need long term care. Job training
The only "dumb & dangerous" ICE policies are the ones our government refuses to enforce. #EndCorruptionInPolitics
Only because of activist judges that need to be removed from bench for wasting our tax dollars. There is precedence for this. Its a sham
How dumb is for a US senator (D-Indiantown) to describe laws to protect American citizens as dangerous. #EndDACA #DeportThemAll
I hope you don't win re-election Pocahontas.
I think you need to read your job description again bcuz you're working for the best interests of CITIZENS, not illegals. Resign if unable.
I often wonder if the Native American person whose place U stole wouldn't have had a much greater contribution to give.U know,more rational.
Elizabeth, you are an as what.  Did you read the Constitution?  Get out of politics, you don't follow the law.
Sen Warren, You have an oath of office to uphold our laws.  Nobody has the right to harbor illegal aliens or criminals.
Senator Warren, you're as evil as the other Demoncrats in Congress! You all need to be replaced in 2018! As well as RINOs! I praying hard!
we the people dont want to give outlaw cities our TAX dollars Why all U elected to do what we want Dont get it is beyond us NO VOTES 4U
you couldnt tell the truth if ur soul depended on it Truth ICE enforces LAWS not policies Demterrorist think if they say it it is truth BS
No, this is NOT good news.
A Chicago judge....say no more.
"Dumb & dangerous ICE policies"? Oh, you mean LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA? You are a dingbat.
You took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Guess you don't believe in the Constitution, laws, and our way of life. Step down.
A Judge in Chicago?  This will not hold up.
You're all  terrible people!
You're a blithering buffoon Pocahontas. Get off Twitter you're embarrassing yourself. Let's put all illegals in YOUR HOUSE! Work for you?
Funny I think you should be arrested for not up holding our laws
EW--you might want to think twice about tweets using the words "dumb and dangerous" as those negative adjectives are often associated w/you.
You endorse the Muders and Deaths of those killed by Forgien Invaders? Good job Pocahontas.

Listen up Lieawatha-you're purposely misleading your supporters! The law stands with the AG! If you really cared, you'd do your job!
Only thing dumb & dangerous is a lib!!!
Are you actually an American?
Commie Warren makes me wish I was a sniper.
Sen Warren, are you not paying attention to the conditions in Chicago, London, Mexico? Totally disconnected! Law and Order first. #MAGA
Ppl who think like you need to go! So quick to give away to everyone not from our country but not our own citizens! #MAGA
who keeps voting warren in office, can't they see what she's all about
this is taxpayer money you ppl want to give to illegals,whatever happen to caring about the citizens that voted u in.they need to vote u out
So it will go to the U S Supreme court. Besides, I would rather they just hold back Taxpayer funds
Dumb and Dangerous policies? Got anything better? That's wut ur there for!
Same policies under 44-you had no complaint!
#Trump ENFORCES LAW
That a senator & a judge doesn't know that the Federal govt can establish AND enforce the rules attached to funding THEY provide is just sad
Another death because of a sanctuary policy means nothing to you REF SF LAST WEEK
Are you endorsing lawlessness in our cities pochanatus
Why don't you resign Pocahontas you obviously can't fulfill your duties your a e ample of why we need term limits
Warren is one of the big fat cat rats in the DC swamp. They need fresh illegals to bribe for votes to stay in power & have sold out USA
Dumb and dangerous?!? You've just given a perfect self description Ms Dances with Wolves and bathes in swamps!
We've seen this crap over and over. Another court will uphold the AG.
Activist Lib judges cannot prevent US from enforcing Federal Law: Arrest Emanuel & every 'Sanctuary City' Governor for treason & sedition
Now we know the number of illegal aliens in Chicago by the 18K likes.
Perhaps you and these judges should actually read the Constitution,    you know that document you swore to uphold.
Trump has deported 54,741 people. Deportations are down 1.2% compared to Obama in the same period. Democrats were dumber and more dangerous?
introducing high cheek-boned Native American:
Fauxcahauntus Panderbear
Why do you care more about criminal illegals than you do law abiding citizens? This is why I will never vote Democrat again.
@SenWarren the word dumb is a big part of your vocabulary but use it wisely
Yes, waste our tax dollars on illegal criminals, you're so exhausting!
DANGEROUS?! That doesn't even come close to making sense


