Abortion is murder @SenWarren
So is starving children, no medical care, poverty, racism, many things lead to murder mind your business
death is death the reason ? be careful about forcing your beliefs on others my pain my choice my life
to me it is when you then tie a rope around their necks please note I decide which is worst for me
in 1996 they tied a man by the neck and drove until he was dead, 2017 man stabs man in NY still happe
the failed Obama Care hurt millions of Americans pocket books . We need a new healthcare!
We need universal health care that will end all of this
A universal health care doesn't fit everyone's needs the same. And not all would pay the same price . Unfair
I rather take care of children, elderly, mentally ill, handicap, then support rich getting a tax break ACA
We give millions in fee healthcare to illegals. If that stopped , we could have national free healthcare
Not sure what the best solution children ,elderly,hadicap,mentally ill preexisting should be are covered
All citizens for sure
Other major countries  have universal but we don't part of our problem is we are not progressive /greed
Health has nothing to do with abortion. There are plenty of programs that cover Women's you can't believe one thing these lying liberals say
Planned Parenthood has EVERYTHING to do with women's HEALTH.
Planned Parenthood exist for abortion we don't need to be paying for your abortions although I agree you should not procreate l
Oh really? So the ONLY services PPH provides is abortion? Let the world know your ignorance.
Abortions are the ONLY out of pocket expense at PPH. The Hyde Amendment prohibits the gov for paying for abortions.
Planned Parenthood infrastructure is funded by the government they could not exist nor perform any services without my $$
I love how they preach about eliminating "federal overreach" but want to tell us what we can do with our bodies.
actually, it's the body of the unborn infant that we are trying to keep alive.
A fetus is a human.
Since we're on the subject of women, have you decided to start paying the women working for you as much as the men?
No. But Pence will vote to not fund murdering babies.  Shame your mom didn't visit planned parenthood when she was PG with you
There's a diff btwn being pro-life & being pro-birth. Pence is a pro-birther, cares nothing for mom/baby once born.
I agree Pence is "growing" an army in our wombs.  An 18 year plan that ends in teen slaughter.
Teen slaughter. Somehow worse than baby slaughter?
Yes. I would say so. Far more traumatic for everyone. If u don't like Abortion, don't have one.
"If you don't like murder, don't murder someone". Hmm. It just doesn't work. It's wrong for anyone to do, not just me.
If every1 supptd pregnancy prevention, a goal that should satisfy every1 on both sides, we'd significantly reduce frequency of this convo.
I'd like to think so. But most 'accidental' pregnancies (what causes it anyway?) aren't with people who have convictions against prevention.
Most unwanted pregnancies occur from lack of sex ed, birth control, & no access to repro health svcs. Men s/b as responsible as wmn on this!
Yes, because he just wants his way.
killing a helpless unborn child is not healthcare. Abortion is not care.
The money that is provided to PP is not spent an abortions. It is spent on women's health I.e.; exams and preventative care.
PP is the largest provider of abortions. We shouldn't allocate public $$ to a biz that aborts. Let's give $ to community health centers.
Hospitals actually provide 4% of the nations abortions. What will happen if Planned Parenthood is no longer able to operate? Hmmm
govt shouldn't fund this.
Now, money doesn't go toward abortions. People say: stop funding pp because they perform abortions, but hospitals do now. What next?
elective abortions should not be funded with public money. That's all.
I agree. They currently do not. Your comment, however said they shouldn't receive money because they provide this service at all.
you really have to ask?
Pay your own way fauxahontas.
Yes, he will, because he can. <sarcasm>
#November2018
of course they will @trump haven't a clue about pussy besides him grabbing them 
I guess we got our answer - yes he will. And yet some women still support these guys - SAD!
Uh huh
historic vote against taxpayer funded ABORTION!!!!
Yes, he will. Trump lives in his own reality, but he's making fertile the soil of a Democratic resurgence.
Can't we get a new election?  PLEASE??????
You are all crazy as bat shit like Elizabeth Warren
considering how much the @gop, @realDonaldTrump & @vp hate women?  I'm sure he will if it's needed.
mike pence wouldn't miss a chance to suppress woman or LGBT people
it's why he came into politics
did you ask him that yourself???
you're an egg.
he's done it before.Keep women in their place and make sure schools teach that man rode dinosaurs. #hello1950
Huff Post satire:
Gov. Pence banned boys from wearing "gay" colors in public schools
NOT ON YOUR WATCH!!!!!!
Certainly, Pence is his henchman!
To deny poor women healthcare? Of course!  Yay America.
What?  BC & Abortion are not healthcare.  You can live to be 100 without either one.
Abortion is a tiny fraction of the services PP provides.  And if you don't like it, you should be glad they're supplying 'BC'.
Try this, call them up and ask for prenatal care. Find out how many mammograms they've done. You've swallowed the fake news.
The stats for PP's services are well documented -- no need to call. The only fake news comes from hidden-camera bozos.
the videos are available in full, unedited. They caught them over and over and over again. I love it when bad guys/gals are caught.
who knows Pocohantas
Planned Parenthood which was funded by the Evil Title X does not provide For Woman's healthcare . They don't do Pre Natal care Or WIC.
Wicked children in men's bodies playing with fire.  No hearts, only mindless rampant egoism that craves it's fix. The truth will out them...
based on prior experience the VP will gladly do it
well then women should send the GOP the bills for having children because they couldn't get BC
mike pence never saw a woman he didn't want to repress. Pence represents Christian sharia law.
I hope so, because you believe in killing innocent little babies.  How can you even look in the mirror without gagging??
@VP is a poor excuse for a human being why does he hate woman so much he could easily get a prescription for Vigara
I don't think Trump will need to haul Pence in. I think Pence will joyously leap at the opportunity.
Pres Trump will do what he has 2, 2 do the right thing.U know as well as I do they are not attacking family planning.
My baby died, I was 4.5 months along,doctor had to induce,, I could not pay, Ins.did. What Now? Pence
the democrats king of espionage how deep does it go with these losers
Since when does woman's health = abortion? Isn't abortion just a very small aspect of a woman's health? I'm just a guy so explain please.
Exactly!
He certainly will. Pence hates women. He'll love the idea.
why do you assume that he hates women?
I don't assume. His agenda of bigotry proves it.
his defunding of abortion thing?
His attempts to force women to make personal healthcare decisions against their will? Yes, that's part of it.
to my knowledge, he isn't forcing women to do anything. To what are you referring specifically?
Forcing people to make personal healthcare decisions against their will is WRONG. Taking away options means forcing a decision.
nation find morally questionable. Is my choice as a women to whom I monetarily support not important?
Hmmmm yes
I hope so. PP is not an advocate of women's health; a females mental health is attacked with every abortion done.
Apparently yes. And apparently Pence will do it with a smile.
@michaeljkellyjr @mike_pence better to ask what the fuck won't they do. Of course he will
Oh, I'm guessing he will. 45 shortsightedly wants to win and Pence is anti-women's health anyway. Sad state of affairs for women in this USA
"Women's Health" is code for abortions. At least have the guts to say what you mean rather than spewing word salad.
You equate being anti-abortion with a group of people who won't even allow women to go to school? That's a ludicrous and desperate statement
That is a false statement Aerdna.  Women's Health means Exams, screenings, contraception - Check your facts before spewing propaganda!
What can we do to block his vote??
This is ill advised but you can try2 take the pen out of his hands.Sounds like something liberals would do
I would if I could! Men should not be deciding for us!!!
A man telling a woman not to kill her own unborn child is wrong? Got it.
It's nonsensical what the liberals suggest
This is exactly the reason why I am suddenly putting in 15 - 20 Mirena IUD's a week. Women are afraid.
My daughters got theirs today
They are very popular now for the whole spectrum of women of childbearing age. It's a great choice!
I have all girls. One has a teenage daughter they all got Mirena IUD's.
Pence will certainly be proud to take a stand in the Republicans' War Against Women. No doubt.
Yes. SAD.
of course he will
people would respect and trust you more if your statements represented facts instead of your ideology and bias.
And he did.  Once again inserting himself in women's business, claiming a religious prerogative.  Outraged!
Sadly he did & once more men are making decisions about women's bodies. Shame on them all!
This is so bad. Ryan's skin is burning over ACA they will try anything to Repeal. Get Ivanka Out/WH Ploy to rig ACA.
nasty women vote #ShePersisted
He did!
yep and good.
Add 'American' when you say woman's health, so much of this fight is in the language - American woman, American workers, American citizens
WE NEED ARE-ELECTION. Trump is mentally ill as is Pence as a follower of agenda
Yes
To deranged prog fascists, killing viable people and selling the pieces is equated with women's health. Disgusting
What's disgusting to me is that you most likely call yourself a Christian and think you're superior.
I'm definitely superior who believe that killing viable human beings is an acceptable part of women's health. No questions.
the name calling and insults in your news feed are appalling. You are no Christian when you preach hate.
And you preach the murder of viable children for convenience. The very definition of an amoral degenerate.
not preaching anything. Just notice you seem very full of hate. A Christian without love? Not a Christian.
I pray you realize how truly reprehensible your belief system is. As for being a Christian,  that's something you know nothing about.
I pray God will open your heart to love others. Have a blessed day, sir.
Of course he will.
family murdering.. and selling the body parts.
i just love having a bunch of old white "Christian" guys controlling my future.
say thank you deplorables!!!
yep
@VP Of course that pathetic @realDonaldTrump will do so. It's all about his agenda, half of which he doesn't believe
Thank you @SenWarren.  @mike_pence We will remember who actually fought for our country. #CountryOverParty
he did. Predictable behavior
please keep family planning & women's health a private, personal issue - NOT a political issue.
no doubt
of course he will and that sad closeted gay man will do It happily!
yes he did!
Probably, will Ivanka be around?
God, yr an imbecile, but that suits you well
yes.  Yes he will.
Yup
yep, he will
@VP is so smug, self-righteous
Uhh, yes? It's Mike Pence.
YEP!
Seriously, what can we do to stop all this crap? I don't like waking up in a country I don't recognize or losing my civil rights.
I don't doubt he will! Hard to believe people still attack family planning in 2017.
@mike_pence only looks like someone from 'TheAdjustmentBureau' but Putin is the real thing...lol
He did:(
I hope so...
That's like asking "Will that crocodile bite off my arm if I stick it in its mouth. Let's see."
Trying not to be critical here, but you must start believing what he says and stop thinking you can reason with this man. It won't happen.
#notmypresident #notmyvicepresident #monsters
wondering what the new fed employee has to say? She seems 2B major influencer on her dad, oops I mean the President.
The WH admin is doing everything to sell the American people to corporations. Yes they will
Go Sen. Warren!  @SenWarren #Fightingthegoodfight
@realDonaldTrump No problem for the #FakePresident...if nothing in it for him or his sponsors then no need to have!
let's hope so
Yes. He will. He did with DeVos. Remember slimy Pence's degrading smirk like DeVos was a good choice. He's an idiot fake Christian.
of course he will
Clearly he would.
It's a vote to follow the law. You should try it sometime instead of the usual liberal fear mongering you do.
Duh !
He'll happily vote for that... back assward idiot.
YES !Gov.has no rite to tell any1 how to take care of their body.Same version as before, but water down.WON'T STOP HERE tax break 4 rich.
How would he not? #women
you mis-spelled "infanticide"
Every insurance company decides which providers they will pay for services.
Taxpayers also have that right.
,small government my A** , all you GOP douches want to do is control women, what fu**ing year is it ??????
He's a useless dick... so quite possibly
Why wouldn't  he? I mean it's not like they think of or treat women as equals.
we the people thank you for your loyalty and urge you to keep fighting for those of us. #SenWarren2020
Because he has a vast knowledge of women??? Have never been so disgusted in my life.
Imagine if Trump got impeached I shudder at the though
Well, pence is deplorable but he doesn't seem to be insane. And no disrespect to the insane, but it should be a disqualification for prez
True enough 
So sad & pathetic. Not happy we're going backwards
Sadly, yes he will. 
he did it.  This is sick and sad for all women and families
I can see Pence now furrowing his brow and rubbing his hands together saying "mwah haha...finally!"
yes, yes he will.
Yep! And @mike_pence will do it proudly while funding Viagra for old men to keep grabbing women at will. Because they are rich and they can.
He had better not, there are more women in the world than men...if we can call 45 and the VP men! HA  Putin's toys.
Of course, because who is better at knowing the issues facing women then a room full of men.
do people really need help planning? I'm thinking of cutting my lawn. Can we get a taxpayer funded lawn planner.
Ofcourse he will They don't give a shit about women's health Senator
Yes, of course he will.
Women are major part our life cycle,We will not care about health,Our new generation will lower down,And will creat a problem,Pls. consider-
@Dekedee @mike_pence unfortunately his let's keep government out of people's life Will probably do it
Looking at the loose collection of nutz that follow you and comment regularly-- you must be proud.  
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS Wow! You physically screw us & then take away any rights to our vagina's! Your wives agree?
I'm sure he'd be thrilled to do it. 
very, very sad
That won't end well.
Of course he would. It's not like Trump respects women or anything...
Go Mr. Vice President! Elizabeth should've been TERM LIMITED many moons ago!
looks like he did
this is insane! We r going backwards instead of forward
thanks deplorables!!!
45, woman's worst enemy
he did
Despicable anytime but women's history month how do they expect us to take them seriously on anything they pretend to respect about women
He'll have to asks his wife "mother".
Hypocrite!
Hope Pence breaks it!
ofc he will, Pence's only purpose is to keep the wheels of oppression well oiled
Yep. And that misogynistic, homophobic lap dog will do it. The @VP is intimidated by vaginas.
Oh, my mistake. Most are just pro birth and don't give a rats ass about the baby after it's born so... #hypocrisy
It's not Family Planning quite the opposite.To plan a family you must allow the child to be born.Abortion was never met to be birth control.
I think that would really put the nail in the coffin of them getting those same women to vote in 2020.
Partisan bias of this administration is so obvious yet many cannot see that Pence is worse than the buffoonery of #45
Elizabeth You are the biggest imbicil
heaven help women if this happens
LIZZIE LIARWATHA
Because the GOP cares a lot about babies right up until the point when they are born.
he did
Probably,Trump and Pence  don't give s damn about women's health issues
yep. While DJT and Stepford Wife pay lip service to empowering women.
you they will do anything to get there agenda across.
yes, yes they will. He is the backbone the Republican Party has been praying for.VP is not a friend to women's health or rights.
Let's hope these jerks remember they have daughters,sisters, mothers etc when deciding women's choices.
These jerks don't care - women are their "property".
That's pretty islamophobic to say, even if it's true!
Don't be ridiculous - I am being sarcastic.
What exactly was sarcastic ? I'm a little confused.
He will do it and smile about it.
of course he will... look at Gorsuch need I say more. Not one appointee has trump made that isn't the Antithesis of the Jobs selected for
I'm sure he will
abortion isn't healthcare
whatever it is, you can trust him to make the wrong decision.
looks like he did--sad day for women everywhere!
egads. What would daughter dearest, (wait, subordinate?) Ivanka say about that? She's very woman-centric! (lmao)
maybe the "little blue pill" should be removed since they don't want to cover women's choices to protect themselves.
If that's the case, woman hater Mike Pence will happily vote against
I see a huge exodus of intelligent women from states that take this route.
Pocahontas!!!  Shush. You're once again making a fool of yourself.
Quit with false narratives.It is to get the government out of our lives..We are capable of deciding
you can bet @mike_pence couldn't care less about the health of women or for that matter any other Americans #GOPLiesMatter
why not?? He's the right demon for the job!
It's more a vote against woman than women's heath. They've always been that way and blame it on Jesus.
Can you believe it?  And done with a smile.  Such a hypocrite!
of course he will. He hates women and losing. Probably equally.
well again he places a vote. another old white man not caring about women's health. VP's should not be allowed to vote.
These men forget that they came from within a woman. They demoralize women so much, like they were hatched!
Yes. Yes they will. "I was born to do this" he will say.
Why cant women handle their own health? Why don't you pay your female staffers equal to your male staffers?
Ofc he will
yes. Next question?
As long as he doesn't have to face a woman over dinnner one-on-one, yup!
he'll face his wife who doesn't give a shit
Yes Cherokee Princes he will
Mrs Warren maybe you can go to PP and they can do a DNA study showing you native American ancestry.
Yes he will without a thought about it, and after speaking to women yesterday like he cared about them.
Trump pulls out what he thinks is his secret weapon in wife Melania but she can't help him.
Unfortunately yes
Yup!
Unfortunately, I nearly guarantee it. #sexist #GOP
yep
who better than a misogynist religious nutcase?
Of course he would
Yes, because Trump is vindictive and vengeful, and has to appear to "win" at all costs. Very, very sad.
Hold out a pole & shout "How low can you go!"
Did you even have to ask that question? #PeriodsForPence
no Liz, it would be a historic vote in favor of the rights of the unborn. Savvy? Or should I say it in Cherokee?
YES!!!
Of course he will.
of course he will
when will people take personal responsibility for their well being. Not up to government/taxpayers.
