are you ever going to fight for the people that are working their ass off to pay high premiums and can't even go to the doctor
This is what she does every single day
only only for certain people the other half she couldn't give a damn about but she knows how to take the money!
Soooo- what are your republican congressman doing?
that's why yourWorried aboutTrump succeeding where u Dems failed.It willShowThe difference thus, The obstructionism
Oh yes. We are seeing quite a difference already. You guys are totally killing it.
Obama can't control himself from speaking out because even he is worried Trump will succeed
Wow  I guess we will have to wait and find out, Angela. Good luck out there.
Everybody has a story, some have been helped tremendously by #ACA others have been hurt by it. Eventually it won't be good for anyone.
It is killing the middle class w/the outrageous premiums& it has given the illegals&welfare recipients free healthcare(better than mine!)
I had to drop mine b/c the premiums were unaffordable and I had to pay for all my services. My wife had surgery and I'm still paying.
I pay $1200 a month w/a $3500 deductible!For 2 people!& then u have the co pay!In the meantime, illegals have better coverage than me&FREE
I had no copays. My deductible for family was $20,000. Premium went up to $1000/month.
So u r basically paying your monthly $1000 premium & ALL your doctor bills up to $20k THEN your health insurance kicks in & THEN u pay 80/20
I recently took a prescription to the pharmacy, I went back to pick it up! THEY WANTED $547.00 for it! And that's with insurance!
They want to demonize the Doctors & Pharmaceuticals Co but my cost have gone way down w/o insurance. Getting 35% discounts @ Dr and Pharmacy

You are the best, Senator Warren. Keep fighting for us!
Yes,keep fighting4us2get free healthcare,free food,free housing,free education&anything else u can get illegals&career welfare peeps4free!!
While the middle class foots the bill!!
Please keep going Sen. Warren-all the way to the WH--2020!!!!!!!
If this CRAP POT EVEN LOOKS LIKE SHE IS GOING TO RUN, I WILL DO EVERYTHING IN MY POWER TO INFORM PEOPLE HOW SHE REALLY IS!
Your mom called, she said you have to come home and clean your room 
I'd like to know what @SenateMajLdr knew and when. He is clearly choosing #partyovercountry We must hold them accountable!#ComplicitGOP
Stop playing these childish games stop trying to divide the American people
She is out to lunch and has no consent of the needs of the little people
why would u fight against public healthcare?
@SenWarren  FOR PRESIDENT LUV UR STYLE
Obama care is responsible for the death of a friend of mine by cancelling his job & then,his meds!Elderly neighbors ACA insurance won't pay!
Soon there will be NO healthcare as most providers are pulling out of our states.  You have egg on your face for promoting Obamacare.
I think Elizabeth Warren needs to pay for these peoples Obama CRAPPED UP CARE!
Overregulating the health industry is what adds cost. Get regulatory claptrap out of it.
LISTENGOP HAS a SECRET HEALTHCARE BILL R we going 2let GOPpass aSECRET Bill about AHCA DROWN THEM W/CALLS NOW#TheResistance #DAResists
Two-Face Elizabeth Warren needs to step back step down she has not done nothing for hers date why don't you go dig ditches
Trumphealthcare IS NOT trying2keep women fr getting healthcare4family.It is 2 improve&make it cost effective.R u fighting4oragainst himEliza
Fighting what?
REALITY?
THE CONSTITUTION?
Hey Trump supporters, you have been all conned. You have all been sold a bag of magic beans. There will be no jobs no healthcare n less safe
Time will tell, but throwing a tantrum won't help
It isn't a tantrum. I am sorry to say it is who he is and always has been. And a zebra never changes his stripes
Just remember the zebra when old Lizzie shows her true colors
What do YOU propose they replace ACA with then?  where have YOU been as u watched the implosion??
RESIST!!! ~ http://GGA100.com 
You know what, she's an esteemed scholar & senator, show her some respect. And try living in drag as a woman for a year in America. 
Baby
We need a champion please keep up the fight
Vote her out. She wants nothing for the working people
She wants  a VA ran health care   We get a 6 week wait on a MRI.  She want Gov ran HC
The "affordable care act" is going to die, but will democrats come up with a plan of their own? Of course not! Just the people that suffer!
Staged for video tape....
I sleep a little better @ night knowing women like u are on the ground in DC fighting @SenWarren @MaxineWaters @SenKamalaHarris. Keep it up!
Obamacare is falling apart why do you support it oh I know it doesn't effect you Pocahontas
You need to resign
Thank you Senator Warren. God bless you!
Democrats have no idea how avg American feel, make 30% less money than 8 yrs ago & medical expenses have tripled, I can't wait to vote again
Can't be worst than Obama Care, in past 8 years my Ins premiums tripled & I had to come out of pocket an extra $10k for wifes med procedure
I am all for care of women and babies, my prostate be damned.
Yes fight for Obamacare its bankrupting America for the few
@SenWarren do u think I don't have my own kids tuition to pay for??!? I'm sry that chick decided to have kids before she was ready...
@SenWarren under the mask of "doing good" you are trying to legitimize literally stealing money from taxpayers to pay for others tuition
Fighting against trumpcare? Why ?
pos e w is a pos
MEDICADE IS AVAILABLE TI EVERY AMERICAN.  YOU DONT NEED OBAMACARE.  INFACT OBAMA CARE IS MEDICADE WITH MANDATES
Keep up the fight Senator never let them shut you up!
Support woman, children and healthcare
I say let it go for broke
How much money did they "donate" Pocahontas ??
Senator Phony Did u remind them of the deductibles that most could not afford under ObamaCare and that most insurance carriers opted out?
Too bad they think you can do something other than screech like a cat in a blender.
Thanks for all your efforts for ALL citizens
Senator, I know there are no precedents, but with NSA confident polling places were attacked, isn't it time to do-over? #B42L8
Government wants control of healthcare no gov program has ever controlled cost to all... politicians always figure out how to pocket money.
Thank you for your understanding and standing up for people of MA, #standwithWarren
Great!  #MedicareForAll

.@ConsortiumNews 3/30/17
Duping Americans on Healthcare and War
https://consortiumnews.com/2017/03/30/duping-americans-on-healthcare-and-war/ …
Thank you Elizabeth, you said it well when you said, PUZZLED & INFURIATED  because that's exactly how I feel about Trump's Administration.
trumpcare!!!!! His own is all that concerns HIM & his $$$!!
God help us if u run for dog catcher !
Looks staged like a CNN news story. Fake Indian fake news fake senator

Please increase my taxes to support all you nutty ideas!
Where is the diversity in this group...
Hey Lady, your Obamacare is going Broke.
So the Obama care is bankrupt.  Lizzy if you had to take the same health care as the rest of us you'd stop whining + pass a good bill
So what's your alternative? I'll bet you don't have one.
And this is my 3rd back surgery to try try and correct failed surgeries which I am driving from WV to Ohio to have done then lose my ins.
CLUELESS Warren ACA has pushed us into another financially disastrous bubble like Bill ""The Idiot"" Clinton's stupidity and crashed in 2007
You ppl have no concept of the little people you say you represent, I will have no aftercare if I get an infection I am dead and no therapy
AMEMDMENT XV SECTION 4
More fake news from fake indian Warren.
Thank you for continuing to be a voice for women. 
Please
You all act like everything is free.  The truth is nothing's free.A gov sign in parks,don't feed bears they will become dependent! So true 
Senator Warren has been on the right side of History from the beginning... She's got my support @SenWarren @womensmarch @washingtonpost
How long did it take you to get that many to just drop by  (lol) glad you need Apts you take drop ins
You should propose that Mass residents should be able to choose between Obamacare or Trumpcare. Would you like to have Obamacare?
Thank you @SenWarren and all the ladies involved!
What you should have done was fight against Obamacare
YES!  We desperately NEED you.  Never quit.  I want a Senator Warren action figure!!! Ty for your never-ending persistence!
Keep fighting. TRUMP CARE will be a HORRIBLE ordeal for all AMERICANS. Trump has not a clue what Americans need.
What are the fighting against - it's still tied up in the Senate EW start doing your job and quit whining.
Who are you fighting.    Me?
WHY?
LOVE YOU LIZ!
For sure
Thank you for the in put it so ture
Looked like your group of women was what 4? I dont know how anyone can even think about believing anything you say.
Shoulda fought for BERNIE, now , you should go away.  Thanks
Worded perfectly!!
Me too
They look alive and well but you refused to meet with me regarding an American teacher missing in Egypt?
the term trump care is an oxymoron
Purely staged event with partisan hack democrats all  with vested interest attempting to save another failed democrat entitlement
Did this group of women READ OBAMACARE? Would they please fight to reduce my monthly prem. that went from $205 to $1,193 under Obamacare!
Why are you following #RealityWinner ?
@MorningsMaria @Scavino45 Why No action on adjust ACA? By such U keep killing ppl, destroying fam, prevent low/middle class emplo
She persisted. Thank you, ma'am.
Hey Liz I think you already have several black eyes and numerous black and blues! Give it up, a champion belt is not in the cards for you!
Keep up the good work Senator. Thank you for your dedication.
Liars all unite!
A lot of hot air and hormones in that room then.
Why hasn't trump been impeached, yet? And, the entire election declared invalid?
B/c he's working towards making this country prosperous and great again. How many times are dems going to fail at invalidating the election?
Obama care was lousy. Why didn't you fight it? How could you let that trash loose on America? U have 0 credibility, lady!
Elizabeth we need you to fight back.
its shocking how & y Americans follow a racist , bully , liar , fraud , cruel and red neck Trump as President so sad
Please fight! As a children's therapist..no greater cause!
Explain this #sexism
My first meeting with the Resistance is in a few days. Why does this sound like the French underground?
Thank you for fighting for healthcare for my family- and others like mine.
As a woman who had severe postpartum on top of my PTSD, and morbid nonfunctional depression, I fully agree, and do fear getting help.
Thank you Senator @SenWarren for your cont. fight for the PEOPLE, healthcare, & the truth!  I truly appreciate your research & hard work!
So Lizzy, obumercare is a failure just like you! What is it with you and the fighting stuff! Guess maybe you are part Indian!
Ms Warren Trumpcare is presently non existent, it's Obamacare in place and screwed up! Ask Aetna!
Sir, AETNA made 2.6 billion in profits last year.  Don the Con is trying to fool you.
Why didn't you stand up for all the people that fought back against Obamacare?
If she had insurance, she had no home.  If she kept her home, she had no insurance.  Great plan.
Sen. Warren, my friend Electa lost her life savings because of the ACA.  My other friend was fined for being too poor to afford it.
ACA saved me. SSD loophole, I couldn't put HC bills on my kids, ruin their futures. GOP sabotaged ACA could be fixed! single payer better!
Oh ! Please.
My son met you while competing at the "We the People" competition.  The greatest moment of his trip.  Keep fighting for us!!!!
oh dear god
Go away squaw, you and Obama have done enough damage with Obamacare
Disgraceful human enough said
I would love to see you state the obvious...the filthy rich are creating a slave class...No universal healthcare or minimum wage does that.
I gotta give it to her...she is passionate that's for sure.  Some republicans could learn a lesson in passion from her.
Have ya seen the $2500 in savings I was promised with Obamacare.....?????
Keep on brainwashing, Lizzy. Hopefully some day they will wake up and leave the cult.
Hands off my Healthcare... #limitbiggoverment
We are exhausted.  BUT we will fight on.  Rabid Dog.   Republican legislators? GET YOUR DOG NEUTERED!    #POITUSstillSUCKS
Terrorists are inspired these days. Are you a terrorist?
boo hoo!!! So boring!!! It's not Trumpcare!!
Quit fighting for BS.. You're a paid partisan hack.
@SenWarren If they want to cut birth control why don't they cut erectile dysfunction meds for men?
you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.  8 yrs of obama and no progress on women's rights. shame on you.
Look @robportman a senator with constituents!
You have a lot of work to win back your progressive base. That TYT interview was damming in my eyes. You've become a career politician.
Waaaaa!!!! I can't kill my baby for free!!! Waaaaaa!!!!
Hahaha! Just like Hillary - where are the men?
Curious, how did they fight back?
How
Keep fighting.
Good grief Elizabeth. You're probably an excellent physician and socialist. You are simply not in the same league as Milton Friedman.
Love YOU always, Sen Warren!
what happens when Obamacare is only available in CA & NY?
Did you only let them ask 77% of the questions men would be allowed?  Like how you pay women on your staff?  #mapoli #truthsucksforyou
Way to go Pochonats!
These rich ladies don't have too worry.  Who cares what they say. Congress should give up there's for the working.
Shhhhhh give up your insurance all you congressman so wethe working can have it.... you loser
The good news is there is no Trumpcare, Ryancare, or any other Republican care yet.  It's likely there never will be because they don't care
You are ridiculous.  Be honest.ObamaCare is a failure.There is NO such thing as TRUMPCARE. Still living in Lala land wthe failedObamaCare.
Pride! That's what I feel with Senator Elizabeth Warren representing Massachusetts. It proves Massachusetts voters are WICKED SMART!!!
OR MAYBE JUST WICKED.....
I would love to meet you too!
Go back to your timeout chair
Every tweet you make is about fighting Trump. Why not work for our country and not a pathetic political party?
Wonder why the complain to someone who refuses to help with the healthcare bill rather than someone who is working on it.
A real leader would fight against Obamacare which is the law currently killing people. Looks like u just care about POLITICS!
All talk no results....try being a leader with real solutions that won't further strap the youth of America with the debt
These women are 100 percent right.  Thank you, Sen. Warren!
You're nuts.
You seem to be a true voice of reason.  Thank you for your leadership!
