We need help
The banks are going to 29%
Why are the banks going to 29% ?
No reply ???
Pocahontas,CFPB is accountable to no one.they have to have congressional oversight.another obama  outrage !

We weren't talking about me... we're talking about Sitting BS! Go ask HER
@SenWarren I used to be a strong supporter of yours, but am finding your current rhetoric divisive and unhelpful in fighting against Trump.
Nazi Germany disliked the Jews mainly because of their finance capitalism. The same kind of capitalism Democrats hate.
Thank you for the 29% interest rates.
Is this the Al Franken you're talking about. The public servant Al Franken
Warren, I'm reading some of the Tweets back to you, these Leftwing morons really believe your BS. But that's why you & they are LOSERS.
Two lying dirtbags sharing the camera. The guy ACORN elected in MN and the faux Native American with high cheek bones.
Democrats need you and Sen Franken's help in saving our country. When will you be asking for Trump's resignation?  #tweetsarecheap
Get real!
Maxine Waters ?
Maxine is finally under the Ethics microscope.about time. Beware of Dems like Warren and Frankel....they don't care about u just feed u B.S.
I wouldn't support you on any effort
I would vote for either of them for president. They are far more qualified than the hypocritical garbage we have in Washington now.

Looks like the cast for Dumb and Dumber  III
Don't know who's more replaceable between the two....maybe you'll both be replaced soon.
These two would make a winning ticket in 2020
This is why our economy collapsed, this is why BUSH gave our tax money to the banks, TARP toxic asset relief program. Enough is enough !!
Bush did try to help the little guy by giving away $1,200 to every tax payer.He did not know the cash would go buy TV's VCR's made in China
YOU NEED 2 HELP US HOLD DRUG COMPANYS ACOUNTABLE- I NEVER COULD GET HELP FROM-GOV OR ANY LAWYER-NO HELP-I SUFFERED GREAT LOST FROM BAD DRUGS
Some group, definitely not Leftwing, needs to hold you thieves, liars, manipulators in Congress accountable for your numerous failures.
So your a Democratic Socialist? Makes sense. Should be ashamed!
Like Clinton's pay to play with the big banks and Wall Street?
Warren-Franken 2020!
Warren & Franken want U.S. to be a 3rd world Despotic Government controlled HELL hole  #WARREN4PRISON
Please block the GOP tax reform.
Show me that you are sincere abour being a true progressive...please. I want to believe in you.
Two fakes who never did anything. You 2 will not be re elected. Trump all the way!
You all are part of the problem. You will not be reelected. Viva Trump!
The banks that give more big money to Democrats than they do Republicans. You libs lie so bad. Big money for your campaigns from big banks.
Wanna impress us? Join to hold the obama admin farce and hold his whole cabinet accountable
THANK you for working so hard for us!
Nope. We should hold politicians accountable instead
Thank you @SenWarren and @SenFranken
Franken, Gloria wise
This is like a bad joke! A fake Indian and a real washed-up comedian. #ShouldBeASitcom
You and Franken are a match made in hell
People need to look at what they are signing!    If you cant pay the payment they take it away!    Simple!!
keep fighting the good fight
Seriously thank you so much for keeping me sane. Good people do good things THANK YOU so much!
We will do everything legally possible to stop you in your political tracks.
Big banks? Dodd-Frank caused the housing crisis! Thank you democrats for stuffing it to the American public
Cookie can you explain how Dodd-Frank caused the housing crisis?  Or is this one of those kookball conspiracy theories?
Yes. Bring it on and I'll make it a song, Cookie #RockResists
Dodd-Frank made banks to give loans to unqualified individuals. This was done to promote home ownership but folks couldn't pay the mortgage
What happens when you can't afford to pay your home mortgage! Bank foreclosure.
Love to see this. While we're at it let us also eliminate tax breaks for the rich.
You point what way you want us to go and we are on our way!
Warren and Franken a ticket for 2020 that can and will lose in a one party race!
You need to stop running your mouth, Squaw Running Mouth
Take a break Warren. Go back to your Reservation
#IAgree
Thank you Senator. I'm hoping you and the other Dems  save us!!!! PLEASE
Thank you
IDIOT
US Banks are regulated by FDIC and audited by IRS every year. Sens. Warren and Franken serve us better knowing our existing banking laws....
You want to stop the big banks, why are you not pushing credit unions???, that's the way to shut them down!
I might listen to you if you were such a jerk about Trump.
Not surprised
Cowabonga princess tickle feather. You heap big liar.
Yak yak yak
@SenWarren I need you to stop giving away my money
SAVE US!!
I hope you can do something right
What do we need to?
How about UR Bank Accounts & @RepMaxineWaters & @NancyPelosi Too????  Oh & we MUST NOT FORGET @HillaryClinton - #CROOKEDHILLARYS.
You and AlFranken are socialist clowns.
Al Franken's performance in Trading Places was more convincing than this.
Phony Warren!
How True   
Poop
Is this the Indian said of you sharing?????
Nah I don't think I'll help you. I don't support people who love antifa and blm terrorists
We need help getting u out of office.
You need help for sure.  Banks are another matter.  Try to get rid of the federal reserve.   Worthy project
I'm so grateful that you're both US Senators.  You give some hope in this crazy time.  Thank you for you thoughtful and hard work!

Re-tweet if you agree


What happened. Were they late with your check Pocahontas
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!
The republicans are too stupid to understand that they are not able to continue to run the govt on their Russian money. They just want to
Hurt people anyway they can. Republicans have been taking millions and they are ruining the country with their god trump.  The Russians
Owns the republican party they have sold their souls to turn America over to our adversaries they love their money --which they received
From Russia-- more than they care about Americans the USA  and Americas government there only concern is to make democracy fail as far as
I am concerned republicans are more of a threat than any other country, ISIS, or A-bomb. They are and they will cause the collapse of the US
Left is the cause of all divisive situations in this country. You included
Senator Elizabeth Warren fights for Americans, But she's part of the Top 1%. Warren, is worth between $3.7 million and $10 million?
Hi
We will hold you two fools accountable. Add polosi and you are the three stooges!
Nothing you do involving the banks protects consumers. Stop pandering, hopefully your time will be coming to an end soon
Nonsense... consumers now have sufficient legal remedies to address fraud... you are vastly overstating a problem for political gain alone!
Limiting class action is very bad for consumers. When will lobbying laws save us from these types of legislation?
should be the next SNL skit,you're both a joke,pathetic,socialist,anti-capitalist,dangerous politicians
#fauxrights. NOT a right.  Big government intervention and bailouts, along with increased regulation just means banks work inefficiently.
Franken a senator! I'm still trying to figure out how the hell this one happened? Isn't he a clown from the circus? Where is the red nose?
Trump is creating a free-for-all that is sure to destroy lives and families and give the corporate greedsters more control over our lives.
The CFPB is a joke.  It is hurting those it was intended to protect.   Need a panel by an individual to provide direction.
You both are my heroes!
Thank you for doing it! 
Please get a life
Pocahontas and Frankenstein together again.
How long now until we vote you out?
Now there is a pair to draw to -- Warren and Franken.
What about the biggest big bank of all, the Federal Reserve? I want you to push for legislation to Abolish the Fed. Reserve?? Will you do it
That's right! don't need a repeat of 2007 crash.
Ummm the Wall Street tribe. Right Pocahontas
Are you still accepting contributions from UBS...???
No trustum squaw with forked tongue.
Can u get another Senator to join in keeping You giving away the rights US citizens fought and pay for to nonUS citizens who haven't?Please
Thank you both!  Let's see you team up in 2020. Our heros
You and your DEM friends put most of the small banks out of business
Your as CROOKED as they come.
Why don't u say anything about big insurance co and big pharma bail outs ? Which is killing our healthcare
Thank-you! Come on @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski
How many small community banks have gone under since Dodd Frank?
Please watch & RT. @SenWarren & @SenFranken explain why CFPB banned forced arbitration-don't allow your GOP Congressmembers to reinstate it!
Keep your Communist crap to yourself. It's a failed experiment that only enriches the political class! Grow up
Forced arbitration hurts consumers by limiting their legal recourse. It's why the Wells Fargo fraud went on for so long before detection.
This sounds like a Bill that needs good robust discussion but coming from you and Franken certainly reduces the importance in my mind
Now that's a stupid comment
What a couple of hypocrites. Democrats held no one accountable for the financial crisis. Why would you start now? You are beholden
And, PS, Al Franken is as big of a joke as you are, Sackofcrapajawea
GO AWAY !! Elect Diehl for Senate a real  Indian !!!
What a joke one senater thinks shes a Indian the other thinks hes a comedian now that's funny both of them need to go Dumb and Dumber buddys
America's attention should be vigilantly focused on banking, taxation, and the consolidation of wealth more than ever. Thank you!
Why.
You really need to stop being a member of congress

Working people.
Working to destroy America
This is typical big business and banks trying to reach their hands in our pockets without the possibility of any retaliation from
I would rather hold you and Franken accountable.

Power is like a drink and few can stop once they have had a sip.  They will even claim to be on the side of the people to keep control.
The 25th amendment will help

The 2 biggest nutjobs in the Senate
You're bought by the corruption in the DNC, you flip-flopped. Put on your big girl pants and resign.
Moccasins
It's hard to believe that Elizabeth Warren talks about Big Bangs now she's a millionaire why is she worried about Big Banks
You 2 idiots need to be held accountable
Seriously?
Ah yes a meme about a person, must be true.
So much going on thanks
Yeah thanks for destroying our country Pocahontas
You mean Stuart Smalley.
Hahaha! The day you go after the big banks, you're done. Who do you think put you in business?
But you take money from wall st... Hack #TheRealDonaldTrump  #diehlforsenate #maga
At least she pays taxes not like trump
Thanks for posting this. You two ROCK!
So many people don't understand how this issue impacts them.
Sure Pocahontas. Good luck getting past GOP & my billionaire-filled cabinet. I'm a disaster, but untouchable bc of big banks (tax cuts!)
The dems lie so much, and turn words around , how do we know what's truth or lies

There's a different hand signal I'd like to use. But she'd think it was a proposition
The rich need to be stopped in the biggest way

You guys are very cute and make it feel like that there IS a light at the end of the dark Trump tunnel.
Thank you!

Yeah you and Obama did so well after 2008 to keep them accountable!
I’ve wondered about the legality of auto repairs nowadays where shops charge labor not based on actual time spent but a book. Price fixing?
I think originally it was supposed to prevent price gouging, but it’s the consumer who usually pays more.
Blah blah blah blah! How much did u make from foreclosured properties? Hypocrite!!
Please don't go all middle class matters on us..
She's part of the Top 1%. Warren is worth between 3.7 million and 10 million- just go away
Functional Illiterates proliferate in the Fake News Media and Dumb follower Democrats & Liberals.
Thank U for keeping us informed. & thank u for ur hard work every day, Elizabeth. We love  u.   
Who holds you accountable? 20 Trillion in debt.
No thanks!!! DemoRATS are corrupt as hell!!
Let's worry bout more important issues
http://freebeacon.com/issues/elizabeth-warren-attends-marthas-vineyard-dinner-hosted-by-big-bank-executive/ … Like this?


You can go bye bye ? Term limits. Term term limits
I hope the real Indian beats you in elections
An impossible task. The banks are invulnerable. To achieve your objectives, the Democrats must win some elections.
Suggestions?
You want suggestions: Reinstate and strengthen Dodd-Frank. Break up banks that are too big to fail. When banks break the law, punish them.
tbh..she fought extremely hard for Dodd-Frank but most people weren't listening all they could say was shut up Pocahontas shut up Pocahontas
The same guy from Texas that voted no to the TARP..presented the repeal of Frank-Dodd...he started getting contributions from PayDay & Banks
Why not #BankFraudBernie your buddy @SenSanders
but....Russia ?
Which one of you is the head of the ticket in 2020?
Neither. They're going to run one of the Minions for leader of their terrorist party
There is your ticket for 2020

Thank you both for doing this.
Name me one thing these terrorist have done for this country

....study this pix carefully folks,you will never see a more effective reason for term limits in your life than these two absolute frauds.
How many millions are pockets being greased by Big Pharma and Insurance Corp whores?! Checking Open Secrets! UR not working for the people!
I'm sorry, how exactly did you and Senator Franken make all of your money on your measly congressional salary? #LiberalAreDumb
Keep fighting for us
She fills her own pockets while taxing us to death. That helps who exactly?
After Wells Fargo was caught creating fictitious accounts to falsify New Business, and the CEO knew about it(BIG BONUS). SHORT MEMORIES!
Big Banks and Wall Street. The want to "Self Police". GREED and White Collar Crime. Slap on wrist. Caught with pot and it's 10 Years. DAMN!
We need you all to #Impeach the traitor in WH intent on destroying U.S. in less than a year. No one issue is more important. Trump must go!

She can afford to buy "morally acceptable".
Where is the Millions you took from taxpayers to prove those three states were corrupt 8 million
