Lie.  You side with illegal immigrants and Islamic terrorists both foreign and domestic
Lost my job because of illegals, lost my home, and DC does nothing for citizens. But illegals get welfare out the a**.
What about him Pocahontas?
That's a damn lie.
That's a blatant lie
Well not all Democrats side with working families or they would side with single payer, equal pay and free education for all.
So I have been using US health care system for many years & the ACA. Both sucks so what is your point at least everyone has it in England.
Really? Why don't you ask the ones who can't afford it. Better yet asked the ones who lost everything once they or someone the love got sick
I have family members struggling now who are forced to get health insurance under the ACA. Don't know you. Not a fight, people are hurting
are you kidding me? where have you been the last 8 yrs? Do you people even get anything done up there? Wasting tax payer money. WORK please
Warren is a fruit cake.
Problem is Dems aren't seen to side with working people. Where are the retraining jobs programs for older people?
Many repubs call themselves Christians yet are the most uncaring politicians. What would Jesus do? The opposite of everything they are doing
Sen Kamala Harris refused 2 prosecute Steve Mnuchin &1 West Bank despite being urged BY HER OWN OFFICE! Plse address obvious Dem corruption
#LiarLizzy We the People KNOW that the Democrats ARE the party of the Rich. EVERY TAXPAYER should have received 25,000.00 ea from stimulus
Yeah right, you dims really sided with the vets at all the VA hospitals, what a mess under dim control
Pocahontas speaking of sides honey you're on the wrong side all you care about is your political party not the American people
If that was true, @realDonaldTrump wouldn't be POTUS! Dems through us to the curb & chose Crooked Hillary as candidate
And that's a lie about the working family you've destroyed our healthcare.
talk to some vets, and how they suffered under Obama. He despised them - so do most Dems.
Dem's side with working families?  Yeah, right.  Dem's give illegal immigrants more rights than U.S. Citizens.  JOKE.
Oh?? Ask vets in failing VA hospitals - quit lying!
Wrong... Dems don't even work so how could they side with working families??
Why not? You have been doing that for years and years and years, and I know this to be true. I am a VET, you people blocked everything.
That's not what Vets say, only lying Poco
Yeah that's why the VA was in such good shape. People dying on waiting lists.
No you don't the Democrats have had control of the VA for the last eight years and look at the mess you created.
Obama, Clinton 400k speaking fees ?????
What's the # of the bill you submitted to raise retired veterans' pay to current half active duty base pay? Put your pen where your mouth is
We, based on evidence don't believe you!
I trust no politicians.
How I wish that were true. If u call out stablemate Sen Harris 4 giving " Martian" Mnuchin a "getting out of jail card", we'll believe you.
U just torpedoed ur own credibility, Sen Liz. We know that DEMS r NOT on side of vets &working families... that's why we have DRUMPF!
You realize that Obamacare was just a scheme to line the pockets of the CEOs of the insurance companies right?
Obamacare STILL left 30 mill. w/NO INSURANCE!! Real success! Univ. HealthC for ALL (excpt Congress -can afford to pay their own & more!)
Thenwhy didn't u fight r thepoor accomadations&care4vets whenObama/Crooked Hillarywere in office.Itdidn't mean anything2 u then.Whathappened
Dems do NOT side with vets. How many votes have Dems placed against past bills that would have helped vets? Lots! You just want to crow.
Not all democrats.. only few
@SenWarren Only in America does an idiotic business mogul become POTUS.  Please don't stop fighting big bus. Put American families first.
Tell that to Vets who died or did not get treatment in last 8 years
Wait..What.  Did Lizzie really say that.  Dems only side with Dems, and show nothing but contempt for troops and vets.
Dems sat by in last 8 yrs, Warren & Bern also, while VA system failed VETS, some died & some got sicker-waiting!
Ha. You sure fixed up that VA over the last 8 years
No you don't. Liar.
No you don't. You support illegals over American citizens and anti-LBGTQRFSIP Muslims over pro-lifers.

That is sick. That is wrong.
That is crap you Democrats haven't done anything for working people I know because I am one
Man are full of it. Where can I get Obama who just went to the big Banks and got paid $400,000 for a 20-minute speech
Dems always have been on the side of working families. Repubs ONLY SAY they are.
Dems side with whoever will serve their immediate purposes and don't concern themselves with the will of their constituents.
Forgo your pensions, campaign contribution limits, term limits, and be subject to the same laws of the governed and then I'll believe you.
Neither party sides with vets and working families. Stop pretending you are "the good guys."
Unless they are making $400,000 per speech. #HC, #BHO, # WJC
Dems keep rallying against everything American! They care nothing about this country! They need to clam up! Stop opposition to the GOP!
Erm.... that would be *most* Dems, not all.... (sadly).
Lizzy, you Dems and obumer did NOTHING to support our vets for 8 years! You are a disgrace to bring them up now! Hypocrite!
Thank you....US Navy '67-'71
Everyone resorting to the "Pocahontas" retort should bludgeon themselves for being incapable of arguing points and mindless regurgitation.
Wish you'd be more honest about the plague of neoliberalism. Both parties are corrupt but no one admits that's true for both. Real progress!
Your side let vets die in the VA. Don't go there
Just like obummer and his $400k wall street speech .  You socialists are so predictable
If you side with vets and working families why did the REAL UNEMPLOYMENT get worse and the  VA have tremendous issues the last 8 yrs?? Lies
Nice try. U lost working families to identity politics. What's your net worth?  Going 2 lie as usual & say a bank had nothing to do with it?
And native Americans
Need to boycott these banks.
And HUGE GOVERNMENT!!! GO VISIT VENEZUELA SENATOR!
Neither party supports vets, where have you been, why do we need WW if the gov't took care of their vets?
You do know that there are working families at Wells Fargo including a HUGE hiring push for veterans there?
I think President Obama sides with the big banks.  $400K for a speech.
In a serious departure for me, I do want 2 inform Vets that @Chase Bank offer Vets free no charge/fees ckg accounts with no min bal/ck cashg
How do they always fool the vets who vote for republicans. White man spesk with forked tongue and both sides of his face.
Do you? 
Not true please stop lying, plenty of liberals voting against veterans benefits over last 8 yrs+
Out of workforce and food stamps grew massively under Obama. You are clueless if you think Dems do anything to help middle class.
That's why the VA is in such great shape
@co_rapunzel4 #Veterans Pssttt.....Wondering WHY the Rush to REPEAL ACA (Obamacare)? End THEIR BS & FIGHT BACK https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/missing-members-action-plan/ …
I'm a Vet. You certainly don't speak for me. Your ethics are nonexistent
Vets will disagree with u 100 percent..
F u Pocahontas u liar!
Well you would know first hand wouldn't you?  You don't care about our Vets or working families or we wouldn't be in this mess we're in!
Oh what a lie!Since when has any Dem been 4 Vets or Working Families?!Ur 2 busy with Ur pet projects!Immigrants & illegals free everything!
Your former boss is making a million in speaking fees with these people you hate how do you feel about obama now
Amen Senator Warren!!!
She's just blowing smoke up ur arse like she always does!
lies pocohanas. You side with illegals, refugees, and sponges for votes!  If you cared u would have stopped bama's seq!
Dems, like Obama gave away banking and auto bailouts like candy
That's Bullshit lieawatha look at the shape the VA is in. Took me 45 days to get appointments
#NoDAPL #NoKXL
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 @TeaPainUSA #Veterans Guilty Pence Subliminally Cries Out for Attention: http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/03/24/breaking-cbs-news-uncovers-deep-mike-pencerussia-connection-buckle-up/ …
"Dems side with vets..." I just threw up in my mouth...
I'm a vet and YOU SUCK!
How bout you focus on the Russian Traitor in the WH.
Dem working w People? BS! Dem work for Dem. More Dem propaganda! Don't let Pocahontas fool you.
@SenWarren & @BernieSanders You will not get the Black vote until you do right by the Obamas. You judge wrong & we ain't going to forget.
Haaahaaa your a clown you expect anyone to believe that go back to your wigwam and wash your dishes squaw
What have you ever done for a Vets r working families? Stop tweeting & go to work Do what you were hired to do. She wants to cut people open
wrong ×2. dems don't care about vets( see va debacle) and they only way they like workin familys is so they can tax 'em
I suppose Hillary's speeches to the big banks was just her lecturing them on how bad they are.
Like 2008 Wells Fargo + all banks got massive bailouts from  @TheDemocrats! ! The people who lost their homes got  @POTUS @FoxNews
Since when?
Sure they do - Everyone knows the VA fell apart under Democratic rule.....more lies from the left. #Warren is a loon
That's so funny!
Since when? You speak with forked tongue Warren. Now it is the GOP's fault? Dems have turned ur back on vets for years. Shame on u. Liar!!!
You lied about your ancestry, democrats are not for the working class , you want to control the poor with entitlements . Your party a fraud.
No Dems send big money overseas
The VA has gone down hill sence Obama took President, him and Democratic party never gave a dam about veterans
Democrats remind me of baby birds, all mouth and no ass.
You say that now but you never supported vets and working families before so why the change now...Oh I know...to get votes...
What is your plans
Self interest, not the vets
All about the greed. Greedy Old Pigs
How did you make your millions?
Wells Fargo is a stealer
Don't use vets as a political ploy
What s joke
Thank you so much!
Whose side are you on Elizabeth warren
And hopefully the vets and working families are paying attention and will make their desires made at the polls each and every time.
Did you side with Vets when you funded bonus for those allowing vets to die on waiting lists? Cut the BS Pocahontas.
Dem's side for themselves Warren. That's why you lost.
@SenSanders okay so no response on the 2 mill so how about the 400,000 your complaining about. Can you donate that? 100% match
SOME Dems Senator... SOME (minority) of Dems
What a joke
You guys crying about Trump tweeting and you guys do it 10 times more than he does. At least He was right! LoL
Dems say they're for vets, but never honor service & let VA kill them in waiting rooms. Actions speak louder..,
Really dont know of dems doing anything for vets for 8 years but making them wait in line
Dems never sided with vets. Just because you pretend to be a minority and a professor doesn't mean you can rewrite history
@SenWarren and give a s#*t about people! Way to go @DNC. #makeourcountrygreatagain
The Dems hand out entitlements to satisfy their supporters. Entitlements from taxes of hard working Americans. How about I keep some!!
Yeah Dems have chose high road yea Liz keep up the good LIES dip shit!!!
Unfortunately, #Dems side with the banks. We need to change that. Keep fighting against all of it. Especially in your party.
Your full of . Pocohantas. #liar#fake
Slick Lizzie Can lie with a semi-straight face
What specifically have you done for vets? Asking for a friend.
you don't side with vets - eight years of VA problems you and yours did nothing - you lied and people died!
Liar!
Are you guys trying to make up for leaving them left behind in Vietnam you guys really had their back then didn't  you
What about your Straw Donor program with Boston Law Firm?
Lying indian
You're kidding,right????
Dems side with themselves and could care less about anyone else. 
#nutbag
Since when do you care about servicemembers or vets.....???  Or cops..??
So what then was the case or explanation of how the Dems and Obama treated the Vets at the VA?  Leaving them to die on a waiting list??????
Does that include Clinton and Obama, who make big bucks giving speeches to big banks? Democrats are hypocrites!!!
Of course, just like Obama can take $400K from Wall St and still side with vets (whom he and YOU abandoned for the last 8 yrs) #hypocrite
You know that is not true. I know that truth comes harder for you so you need to try harder to tell the truth. Stop fibbing. You had 8 years
HYPOCRITE. Wasn't it Dems who instituted sequester where for every cut in domestic programs  so would their be deep cuts to military ?
We are with you EW!
Not Clintons!
DEMS side with working families. Really?
So they support open borders and let the increased supply of labor put pressure on wages.Hypocrites
Thank you Senstor Warren
Don't you feel bad about dissing Obama for taking $400k from GS and giving $2 million to the Summer jobs program on the Southside Chicago?
Lizzy you have NOT supported our military at all! You and Obumer voted AGAINST every military and veterans support bill You are a HYPOCRITE
No. Go read more. Combined effort. Not a perfect solution at that time but a necessary one.
 yeah right! you cut military spending and destroyed the VA!!
That's your job as a voter to do the research and find out.
All except Obama???
The only solution?  You need to run for president in 2020!
@SpeakerRyan YOUR LIES ABOUT DEMS NOT SUPPORTING VETS MAY APPEAL TO THE IGNORANCE OF THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED 4 YOU-THE MAJORITY KNOW THE TRUTH
That's a bullshit lie ! Yall don't give a damn about our vets and you could care less about people working,  you want dependence for votes!
There *really* needs to be a word for a group of @HouseGOP’ers. Geese = gaggle, cows = herd. Maybe “Effluent of Republicans”?
Do you even personally know any working families? Yeah, no. Dems siding w/Vets is a huge laugh...that's why the #VA is so great, no? #MAGA
But this 

http://ln.is/www.vice.com/en_us/a/5sSS8 …
Bull shit u side with vets.. u slashed their spending the last 8 years. What have u done for them. U cuddle illegals more then our vets.
Your support of Dodd-Frank supports the big banks.
ya you also side with ali babba and the 40m rapist terrorists
Trump is teaching the privileged white demographic how to claim victimhood & distract from a determined racist/ultra-greed agenda. #unfollow
We had a #Democrats president for 8 yrs & nothing was done to fix the #VeteransAdministration . You are all talk & no teeth.
There were things done. Crooked Bank and walk street regulations were put in place to slow the US hemorrhage. Do your research. Stop blaming
It still takes 2 to tango. Blame goes both ways. Both @GOP & @TheDemocrats are responsible for the gridlock & extremes they created.
Agreed
Hahahaha
Liar. #deflect
Not always, @SenWarren too often dems side with moneyed interests bc RNC and DNC share donors.
So true.  I'd always pick a dem over the GOP, but both are tarnished.
I won't fall in line anymore. They better offer more than the lesser of two evils,  cause that is getting us no where fast.
so when can we expect your 2 mil dollars since you think Barack is in touch with America. Show us how in touch you are
She donates like 20k per year and pays like 150k in taxes per year.
your point....
Until they're invited to give a speech.  BTW, I'd like a little higher interest rate on my savings account, if you-all could work on that.
Lol u care about who? Wow u liberals lie about things that r so easy to prove.insane
That's why vets always vote for send. So where is the disconnect?
You're kidding right?

Once Dems stop taking Wall Street and big bank money then you can use this line.
So Senator Warren, have something to say about President and Mrs. Obama's $2 million donation to the Chicago summer jobs program?
Whaaaat?
mention Obama's 2 million contribution to youth and focus on djt income. Thank you.
Oh Shaddup already.
