You clearly hate the American people since all you have done is the pat 6 months is obstruct any progress with your spastic rants.
Eliminate the state lines to insurance. Open up competition, lower costs, improve coverage, and get healthy. We all WIN.
I don't understand they didn't take out the time to craft a decent bill with the 7 years they had. #WastedTime #GOPIsFullOfShit
Because the Dems didn't fix Obamacare in the 8 years they had it.
So true!
SENATOR I DON'T KNOW WHOSE LOYALTY ;LIES OF SOME SENATORS ARE !THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ;OR CORPORATION!
Sounds like a description of your world!
And the "Mad Hatter" and the "March Hare" duke it out to be next to the strange "monarch" whose only dialogue is "Off with their heads"!
Republicans are thanking McCain at this minute for saving them from themselves.
I've started replying to right wingers "sdrawkcab" because it seems to be the only language they understand.

#CigolLezterp
Funny AND pithy, not to mention truthy. Just saying again how much I love having you as my Senator. 
Pretty stark difference.
Dems voted along party lines to GIVE people Insurance and Reps are voting along party lines to TAKE it away.
Hypocrisy is revealed every time they talk about how many are struggling with O'Care & instead of working on a fix, take away from more??
The insurance was forced on the American people. Free for the poor - paid for by the middle class whether they can afford to or not.
It was more of a Democratic political tool than an American citizen benefit. The Dems still own it. Let it implode!
True story....I  just keep wondering what alternative demension are they operating in???
This bill had NOTHING to do with health care, and EVERYTHING to do with sticking it to Obama.
Lmao dem leaders stick together to support a failed obamacare that only insures 10 million now w/very few insurance companies participating
Are you looking in the mirror as you type thst tweet?  Sounds exactly like the mission statement of the lefty loony libtards!

#WhackoWarren
Snowflake
I can help in any problems you may have
They wanted to destroy the village to save it.
Nobody said #POLITICIANS were or have ever been very #BRIGHT...no offense.

WTF are you talking about. We are in this mess because you didn't read the healthcare bill before you passed it.
Only in the liberals upside down world can you talk about making healthcare better by forcing people to pay for shit they don't need.
Mooch, you make me laugh.
Now when will Dems announce a platform  can get behind in 2018?
do the people Massachusetts pay you to tweet all day
They're afraid they'll be retaliated against I'm sure
I must say....to attack the GOP is not the best way. Come together. But focus on the crazy @realDonaldTrump #notfit
All of you are the haters!  Never seen so much hate and viciousness as I've seen from you libtards!!!!! You are disgusting
Hello Hillary Clinton
Right! They have lost their minds!!
I feel like I'm in the Netflix show Stranger Things and this reality is the upside down.
PLEASE brow beat the Republicans!!!!!
Bang on their doors!!!!!
Grab your colleagues and bang on their doors...
You mean like when Pelosi escorted a member down the aisle to cast the deciding vote for Obamacare? She was shaking
Having your cake & eating everyone else's?
Need to please Daddy. Daddy wants them to shine.
Now seems like a great time to thank you for being my Senator.
Like the dems did with Obamacare. Repeal
Hmm http://nypost.com/2014/01/14/another-25-million-obamacare-victims/ … same bill different party
Another backwards day (or night) in tRump's LocoLand!
Talk about upside down reality do you? You claimed to be Native American when you aren't! #PotCalledTheKettleBlack
Stop them.
Craven
The GOP should have more respect for its constituents.
How does this "Pretender" have all these people by the balls? What does he have on them? There must be something! He's a nobodyHe's a loser
But think tax cuts for the rich. They like that part. They are a 1 issue party. Tax cuts for the oppressed rich people.
I don't understand this at all! Why have a vote on something you don't want to pass? This is baffling to me. 
Because they are pussies.
Only those who hate MORE, paying more taxes to subsidized health care for the have nots!
I'm beginning to think maybe the US government would be just as bad, just as dysfunctional, even if Trump wasn't president!
I guess he has opened our eyes. I wish they were still shut tight.
@nawlinsred2010 Don't kid yourself. The RWers just want to say it wasn't their responsibility, that Ryan just broke his promise.
The @SenateGOP disgusts me.
Sounds like Alice in Wonderland Miss Warren?!
Voting yes while trying to absolve themselves of the consequence when their constituents lose coverage. Cowards, every last one of them.
Are they that afraid of Trump???
Driving is not a right, but you're mandated to have auto insurance?
Your voters must be very proud of all the help you are doing, to give them better healthcare. You Dems are useless. Why not retire..useless


This is bonkers!
That upside down reality gave us DT.  This is GOP...not just DT. They are one.
it's the new norm now.  Follow the money, ignore constituents and America.
I.e.... be greedy, ignorant and unAmerican. Guess that sums it up.
When the kids grow up
They will ask why we had
policies of blood for oil
cancer for profit
& Apache Helicopters.
They are just a bunch of hateful as...... well maybe I shouldn't go Moochie about it
It's not the bill they hate. It's who signed it into law.
Someone is having a tweet storm and you criticize @POTUS.
just like the reality that you are American INDIAN!!!    DO DA DO DA DO DA DO DA @LUNATICTHREAT
That's some majorly twisted logic for sure.
if it prevents the need for me to raid my retirement acct to pay family premiums and deductible I'm for it
No words. Disgusted.
When Senators start referring to the upside down u know #StrangerThings is really having an impact on America!
They don't hate the bill. It's what they've wanted from the day ACA passed. They just don't want to lose vote or their seats in Congress.
The GOP are from the Upside-Down
do ur neighbors even talk to u at all
Is this the great USA ..really??
do u want my address to apply for job
If you are still on the floor of the Senate can ya try and find my $2500 in savings I was promised......???
you are my hero Senator Warren. Thank you for everything you do.
maybe I can find a use for u
I hope not it's inhumane & cruel to basically kill millions of people who are on Medicaid! All for tax cuts to the already wealthy!Do better
start those Injun drums
All the cool kids are doing it
How dare this gets voted on in the dead of the night. Why not sleep on a decision that impacts 1/6 of the economy!
Cornyn doesn't even believe what he is saying.
sad
can u cook?????????
Top doctors group blasts new GOP ObamaCare repeal bill: It's a "toxic prescription"

It's time to let go of decorum.
Only in the alternative upside down reality of the DNC you can be Pro-Choice but against the free market in which people can CHOOSE
We must be in the "Upside Down"
This tweet is so depressing. It really hit me hard. #VoteNo #SkinnyRepeal
ur a joke I don't even know how u still have u job as to now
If it passes we just need to keep fighting. You did and do a lot for us, thank you.
Is this like a -show your loyalty - event for the GOP? Or are they lemmings who are pushing us off the cliff first?
I say we get YOUR healthcare.

Sad it only took them 7 years to get to this dark place.  Wish they would stand up to @potus and do it right.  Shame on them for not caring

Convince the American People that government run single payer healthcare is the way to go. Congress will never vote for it. No $ 4 in it.
Art.
I could say it's hard to believe but after the last 9 months very little can shock me, we haven't even hit bottom yet
You just keep sitting there with your thumb up your ass!! We will #maga without your minority vote!
It all does not matter anyway because my insurance has been dropped so go tax me, okay
Here's hoping mccain is more than talk.
we're in the upside down. we're in the sunken place
YOU were part of the Obamacare stab in the backs of taxpayers.

did u give schumer a good one today?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????/
That's truly insane.  
Elizabeth, you have been in the Senate long enough to straighten out these matters. Time for someone else to correct.
These ass holes r cutting into my beauty  & my  is getting messy Bc I'm glued to this horrible time in history. & u don't mess with my !
If you don't shut them down and withhold consent on everything that follows after this you Dems are all worthless.
Keep up the fight! Semper Fi
Bizarro World
I feel we have entered an alternate universe. How can this be?
I hope you know I love the Stranger Things nod.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Voting yes is to stop a bill.
GOP! Pass something for the almighty Dicktater
Crazy.....one better word may be they are SICK.
You're really giving me senator envy. (I'm from Texas)
They don't believe that. They know what they are doing. They know THEY HAVEN'T REACHED CONSENSUS YET, THEY NEVER WILL. Skinny Repeal stays.
#DarkestTimeline #TheUpsideDown
"Upside down reality"
I call a NATIONWIDE STRIKE!
Alternative facts, alternative legislative process, and a frat boy running WH communications.
I can't even get my mind around the absurdity! #resist #VoteNo
Conflicted souls.
Unbelievable. I am beyond words!
They dont hate the bill, they hate Americans. Well, all the ones who aren't them.
That’s how much they hate us.
And all to fund a tax cut. Blood money indeed.
Is it a do e deal? I am so sad
You need to speak with Sen Schumer. He's making a lot of false equivalencies right now. He's not helping.
it's like they think killing off their constituents is a good move
They put party above country.  I will not forget this.  Not in 2018, not in 2020, not ever.  #Skinnybill
What was Obamacare?
Suck on it, cheekbones.
The @SenateGOP are TRASH
Yeah--WTF?! Were they all bribed &/or threatened by trump?
Stranger Things: GOP Edition.
That's where I went, too. Probably better there.
It's unbelievable. This is sickening
#MedicareForAll

 To #GOP : #VoteNO #SkinnyRepeal
... OR ELSE   #MidTermElections2018 

 #FixACA

…
