well of course you'd say that.
You spent 8 FUCKING YEARS questioning Obama's citizenship w/o basis, but it's ok for buttnaked first lady to be foreign & illegal!
keep spinning it whatever way you like. I didn't expect a supporter of the pussy-grabbing psychopath to acknowledge a fact.
Why not stop approving Trump's appointees and actually block them?
because she can't.  That whole nuclear option thing.  Thanks Sen. Reid
She could vote against them at least.. not vote in favor of them as she and almost every other Dem did.
ahhhhh true but they are politicians senate dems have a lot of seats to defend in red states
Not so much anymore. And this action only makes Dems look spineless and less worthwhile to support.
sad day when dems care more about their jobs than the working class ppl of this country.  SHAME
What's really sad is how they are so dumb to not realize that's how they could keep their jobs....
first English only, then whites only, then white men only, then rich white men only. Holocaust 2.0
please seek counsel
sounds like you love only the people who agree with the liberal media
no as my name states I love all. Including the likes of you and Mr. trump. My heart just breaks for your ignorance and dark mind
are we the parents of the world also since you want to give i could use a new truck
you rednecks have your 2nd amendment rights to protect you if you are so damn scared.
I served my country did you calling names like redneck is very untolorant and rasist but you are ok with it
comparing 1 another's patriotism will only divide us.we will not let him divide us.Thank u 4 serving I hope it was right mission
Senator, you and your colleagues are not doing enough to stop the insane destruction to our country caused by Trumps presidency.
You don't understand, they don't have ENUF votes, the noms HAVE to go thru, they can only stalling hurting USA
Ben Carson? Really?I was once your most vocal supporter, but now you're nothing but a d sellout to me.The man has no place in gov
yes lets
Stuff it!
We hate trump.
If you had stood with us there is a likelihood there would never have been a Trump. Keep on with the speeches tho.

I fear he is the modern day Hitler. Depending on congress to control him and protect constitution and Americans.
he's a disgrace to this country. What have we as a nation done???
do you always have to be so negative-my word woman! It gets old. Now you're just known as a negative corrupt Indian wanna-be wtf?
forget about Jan. 25th.  We need to call Nov. 8, 2017 the end of America and the beginning of Russia #2
@PoopMonkee Ill never be able to associate you with anything but failure and cowardice. Endorsing Bernie was your test in life.
sounds like a good idea, but it is illegal aliens not legal immigrants!
Why not declare it Democrats Mea Culpa Day for all those like you who backed the unelectable Hillary Clinton?
Anti-illegal immigration not Anti-immigration!  #moron
Why not declare it Lazy Warren Day, since you refused to run for president, and didn't support Bernie Sanders?
@complainster DON'T send us your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, .......SAD!
@WOgaard why not do something instead of making jokes...
Oh my God we are not talking about Irish ?
is a against criminals and invaders day, Please work dfor the people not for your party, we pay your salary.
@Ahurastan Get busy using the word NO.
Or truth being Trump and his voters love Immigration and Immigrants! It's called vetting. Nothing Anti Immigrant about it!
Actually, let's call it Ani-Illegal Immigrant Day!

@realDonaldTrump  better yet, Anti Fake Indian Day.  Whoop whoop whoop. #Nastywomenlose
We dems are freaking out.  Is investigation going forward into Russia Trump connection?  Can you give us an update?
.@SenWarren @gmarie55 Because then they get credibility. This is called feeding the trolls. They starve when they lack attention.
Why not INSIST on a mental evaluation and a possible 48 hour hold on @POTUS?
Wonderful idea Cousin @SenWarren @POTUS
He only needs to demonstrate a danger to himself or OTHERS. He is now a danger to the entire USA, Senator.
for the first time in your life you're talking right yeah let's do it
do you believe we are a nation of laws?Orin equality under the law? me thinks not
Your in part to blame. #stillfeelingthebern #feelthebern #trumpregrets #BERNIE2020
why not make this the day you realized you shouldn't vote for a single cabinet nom? Or the day you fought rather than capitulated
Isn't every day Anti-Immigrant day for this administration?
accurate
Good idea!  Sadly there will be many of these days in our future.
Whatever you say Pocahontas.
stop trying to talk tuff. All talk
your awesome!!!!! Keep it up. I trust you
you think we can really make a national holiday? I'll take another day off from the military to be with my family!! #makeithappen
#TrumpsWalmartTax
Clergy Women for change! All democrats & repub. who vote for lame Trump candidates will go. U must not comply. No compromise
Ok can we agree that the aliens who have committed crimes can go home....and the rest can stay
Obstruct, obstruct, obstruct every Trump nominee!! 
Fight, fight, fight!!!
Let's call it the day our leader upholds the law. No more unchecked immigration. Must screen criminals, drug traffickers, terrorists.
Even better, let's call it the National Let's Follow the Damn Law Day. You're riding this dead outrage horse right to irrelevancy
Vote against every one of his noms. They will get confirmed anyway without your support. Don't give them a shred of credibility.
Why not just declare his presidency, National Rich White Men's Club Only with a side of The Environment & Women's Health as loser
why is he still in the White House?!?!?!!??
Why not hold the line and vote no on all Trump nominees??
What are you all DOING TO STOP/OUST HIM?!! We know what he's doing is horrific but we rely on you to TAKE ACTION.
#Please fight as hard as you can met some wonderful diverse group at NYC march
call it anti-ILLEGAL immigrant day and you might have something, you hideous political crumbsucker
Let's not give POTUS any day! Let's always speak out for immigrants, poor, disenfranchised. We need to be their voice.
Faux Squaw open mouth prove she's an idiot...lay off the hooch
I supt that
done, at least on my calendar...
- and remind me again, when do your classes start on How to Talk to Real People !! @FoxNews
why not declare you lied about heritage to get ahead?  #shameful
Anti illegal immigrant day. Works for me!  
#Trump is #MAGA
No way! We should name it revolt day. I've already heard enough from this man.
You are an inspiration.  You make me wish I still lived in Massachusetts.
Take the cotton out of your ears and listen to what he is saying.  After the Boston Bombing your so upbeat on immigration ?
Thank you for not being afraid to call trump on his B.S. keep up the good work
Senator please Vote NO on DeVos & ALL Trump's cabinet picks
Then why are you voting for all his cabinet noms.?
Warren 2020?
And antifact day.
are you slow illegal Immigrants My grandparents went through the system as I'm sure yours did #nospecialtreatment
Lets just become the ultimate isolationist nation!  This is how we got ourselves in deep trouble in the past!
yes Isolationism doesn't work when the world is one block connected in every shape and
Thank you, Senator Warren, for your work and your words. You are an inspiration in these dark times!
dem leadership is now the reactionary leadership. Show us action & lead the way
we are tired of ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS! Free everything for them on my tax dollars! Start putting America First WARREN!
have an illegals give back day then talk to me! Until such time get them out @POTUS build that wall and take your vagina costumes
he would spin that into gold bricks 4 his great Wall..then a Triumphant day parade & fashion show
thank you!
What a hateful lie to say!What is wrong with you always misconstruing the truth?OUR PresTrump is NOT anti-immigrant!Show respect
Nah. I'm pretty sure the narcissist will be naming many days after himself in the weeks,  months & years to come.
Anti illegal immigration day, I'm for that!
oh EW, I like your style!
it's ILLEGAL immigrants granny warren, stop confusing your sheep.
Now we are going to waste more money on a stupid investigation over voter fraud.
or TRUMPLAND =he we C O M E .....
DO NOT VOTE FOR ANYTHING TRUMP.DO NOT VOTE FOR ANYBODY TRUMP.DO NOT ACQUIESCE IN  SMALLEST DEGREE.THIS IS A SILENT FASCIST COUP
the ICE changes are reminiscent of the SS police under the Nazis.  Next, will all immigrants have to wear a yellow I? Sad for USA
Anti-ILLEGAL immigrants who commit crimes&NON-VETTED immigrants from terroristic regions..sad about votes??
stop trying to be funny and STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP'S NOMINEES
good one
How?
why don't u put that much effort FOR the American PEOPLE and channel ur energy away from ur constant trump bashing
Why not declare January 25th as the "Stop Pretending To Be An Indian Day"?
#tcot #pjnet #liawatha @DNC #p2
pls no, that's my birthday, and I don't won't to be associated with anything pertaining to him
Let's not, and say we did!! #WhatHasHeDone2DeserveIt 
how about fake Indian Day?
Declare it as the day you started coasting to defeat. Pls get this message to the senator so it's not a surprise when it happens.
This from a supposed progressive senator who voted to confirm Ben Carson who is unqualified for his job as Sec of HUD.
How about the 25th Amendment Day instead? Wait, then we are stuck with Mike
When is "Pretend Your an Indian" day!

Are you aware that your own state of Massachusetts is embarrassed by you?

#Pocahontas
Looking into trump taxes, should we not be looking to the corporate returns to  show biz with Russia ?
anti ILLEGAL immigrant day. we have laws
How about declaring it anti-criminal day since it targets criminal immigrants?
or when the "Trump Regime" took power...
I guess you as a "Native American" must resent all immigrants, no?
Sounds good as long as you add illegal and criminal for the sake of accuracy.
Trump is actually doing what he said he would. Obama didn't do anything he promised! U.S citizens come first!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And the 26th will be the Trump Administration's Second Anti-Immigration Day. His hate and fear are his ego's equals.
Why not quit ur bitching? Why not have u committed 4 being a loon? The dribble that comes out of ur mouth sometimes......
because it's not.  It's pro rule of law day.  Anti illegal day.  Legal immigrants? Quit scaring them, Bully
It's Anti ILLEGAL Immigrant Day. Maybe you need some new reading glasses.
how about Pro-Legal day
- Or American citizens day!!
anti crazy af inbred day who want all non Muslims and dogs dead. Facts are very stubborn
What foreign leader gave you money to say that in war?
don't give him ideas
is an professionalp who sends out tweets that lack quality content.  And to think,  she is a Senate member.
anti-illegal alien.
Block his agenda. Just like they did to Obama.
please run for POTUS in 2020...we need you! Keep calling Orange Man out!
don't give them any ideas....
BOOOOOOOOOOOO! Go sit in a damn corner somewhere & play with your Trump rubber stamp!! #SELLOUT
when do we start calling him "dear leader"?
you forgot "illegal"
Senator Warren please fight for us along with the other Democrats. Donald J Trump is a mad  man. Can they impeach him
I PRAY THAT THE LORD LIFTS YOU IGNORANCE
Why not just declare it our President is looking after our well-being day. Just how many more people do you think USA can support
I would like to see an investigation of  Trump and his staff to find out if there are ANY private email servers or phones being used.
my Iranian parents are so frustrated, they've green cards and we're not sure if they leave for vacation they can come back!
disappointed that you + fellow elected Democrats have folded like cheap tents & have voted for any of Trump's unfit appointments
STOP YOU ARE FULL OF BS HE IS NOT ANTI-IMMIGRANT JUST WANTS TO VET THEM BETTER THEY DONT LIVE IN YOUR HOOD THEY LIVE IN MINE
no just anti idiot day ( I'm brace it )
YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!  Finally a President who listens to the voters.   Not jackasses like ya'll who think you know what is best
during the election you & others had a chance to support viable candidates. You Chose a corrupt politician & lost to her friend.
Pick another date:  Jan 25 is to celebrate Robby Burns birthday.
Why not declare today that you should be a team player instead of a Trump hater....
wouldn't be classified as the "anti-illegal immigrant" day? And isn't that good? Upholding our laws, didn't you swear to do so?
Or we could call it back to the fundamentals of law and order? And not a free for all into the US Government programs @NECN
I love you but why are you voting yes on his cabinet picks?
why do you want people to LIVE in the capitol building?
very strong argument, lets see if your question stirs the nation?
you surely meant anti illegal immigrant day.
how about Trump's reinstatement of law and order day. Or non-selective law enforcement day?
with no northern wall included his plans it just screams racism and not national security. Drugs and crime come from Canada also.
that's the best idea u ever had.   Think I will.  Thanks
what exactly is an executive order
I am truly scared, have any Republicans started to support Democrat
Pocahontas, it's anti- Illegal immigrant day.  Immigrants are fine. read it again ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS
Please stand up and say no! @SenWarren
you need to do More! #resist all cabinet nominees!
*anti-illegal immigration
why not declare 1-25as the first day of responsible immigration wake up
why do you disrespect Kate Steinle's family and you failed her family
I was so disappointed in you Tuesday.  Why go to the women's March and then vote for Ben Carson. Stand up for what's right!!
Sounds wonderful to me
It feels like the democrats are throwing tantrums like a child, just because they lost.
I beg you 2 tell the world that the R's are spending 20 bill on a wall but kicking people off of health care b/c we dont have $
make everyday anti immigration day and we can all celebrate
To be correct Anti Illegal Immigration Day. Sounds good to me.
You have no standing. When progressives needed you to endorse Sanders you did what was in your career interests & not the country

And what is the Senate doing about this,Sen Warren? We are watching and waiting!
Add the work '#illegal' and I'm in. #givingdopesavoice #lyingliz #hack
u make a lot of of noise in committees but so far what hav u done to put a brake on Trump's agenda?
please help.  Vote no on nominees
if you mean anti ILLEGAL immigrant and anti Muslim extremist threats, then yes.
Have u heard of @justicedems yet? Bernie's team joins with 2 huge progressive leaders. Will you help?
First of many.
a dark day for America!
I want to see 2018 as Anti Warren year
i hope there is a plan. I continue to sign petitions, give a small donation when I can but as yet see no movement.
You must be deaf!! I thought he said illegal and criminal aliens. Selective hearing!!
did you know that the VOA (voice of america)  is being run by the alt-right can u do something about this??
given your polling numbers in #MA doesn't sound like nobody is impressed w/any of your declarations!
you are awesome, but I wish you hadn't voted to approve Ben Carson, he's a lunatic.
. @SenWarren Plz impeach @realDonaldTrump for violating 1st ammendment rights. Media blackouts & filtering govt studies! STOP THIS DICTATOR
IMPEACH
Agree! #WallsDontWork #GetSomeHistoryLessonsPOTUS
You need to oppose all of @realDonaldTrump unqualified nominations and horrible ideas...all of them. We accept nothing less
Illegal is ILLEGAL! U can't pick & choose what laws to enforce! What's wrong with you?
if that's how you feel, why did you vote FOR any of his cabinet picks?
that's  mature .
You mean anti-legal immigrant day you have a typo there
Look, he does not work for us. Degradation of alliances, seeding of domestic discord, are elements of broader strategic intent
How does his wife feel about this? Isn't she an immigrant?
how did you vote for any of his picks? Ridiculous.
because then, you fools, would say he's racist! Better to just say we are following our laws.
yes. People that are cheering, I'm done with. Sickened, angry. This is wrong!
