Interesting picture. Not ONE person talking. Interesting.
You may have a military haircut but military families know you don't care about them.  The best thing you could do for them is retire
@Cynic_Sam
You ly㏌g witch．He's a 17 yr at least track record of denounc㏌g them．Full Conference on Race hate & Violence

Respectfully asking: Why Germany does not pay for US Armed Forces to be there? Why does the debt-saddled US taxpayer fund these deployments?
The FERMANS STARTED both world wars and never paid for it.
dahilerin özellikleri  kafayı  takarsa o tabuttan   kaçış  yoktur  er yada geç
Looking Great!!
too bad for them. can't imagine having to choke down food with you nearby.
Just making herself important while she can
It will be a sweet moment when actual Indian-American Shiva A. beats you. He's gaining a lot of support.
That would be great! Vote for Shiva!!!!! Go Shiva!!!!
You should be in DC in the Senate WORKING  not traveling on tax dollars
Don't give her any suggestions , maybe she'll miss her flight home
Thanks for caring and serving US your sacrifices can never be measured nor taken for granted by our Elected Government Officials sworn duty!
Elizabeth, go home and bake some cookies.  You don't belong in politics!
She wouldn't know how to bake a cookie
I am sure they couldn't wait for you to get the hell away from their dinner table. #Dem posing for a #photoOp #Hiawatha
She'd ruin my dinner
Enjoy your stay in Germany!
I like the last part of the sentence, stay in GERMANY
Thank good
Stay over there since you hate it here so much.
Warren saying that "the conversations she had were not public".  If Trump tried that ?
No close ups please,
People. Please. Have a little courtesy. Keep your negative politics for other posts. A little respect for them and their families.
Who are these other people we should care about?. If a man does not care for his own he is worse than an infidel.
They are American troops. Soldiers who, without thought or reservation, enlisted in YOUR military so you could be free to spew #Ignorance
Perhaps you can tell me what I said negative about our military ? I served in the Navy nearly 4 years myself.
@HouseDemocrats @GOP you never provided the tools and weapons needed to fight the extremists along /better Veteran benefits.
That is so insincere. Shame on you
jaman sikien maombiaburundi tunavyoteseka namaichaet
did they ask if you are American Indian?
...and they all look extremely happy that you're there.
Happy ... NOT!

I assume he's blowing up North Korea.
@POTUS will screw it up soon enough
You live in Australia, you know NOTHING
If you look close at the expressions these Polish people have.. it's quite telling
Deputy FM @mmagierowski at the meeting with Senator Elizabeth Warren.  -  
Why is she in Poland?
Riding on the Coat Tails of Pres Trump ?
Why are you in GERMANY?  Meeting with your old Nazi Communist alliance?  Having a stroll in MERKLES NAZI GERMANY?
Blame the GERMANS for starting WW1 and WW2,

I don't think to give a hoot about our military. You're a leftist hypocrite. This was a pitiful photo-op and you aren't fooling anyone.
Gee, I bet they just LOVED getting a visit from you!
guess if u force people to sit and eat with you it puts on a good show
Hey Pocahontas did you get a special discount for the dinner for being an Indian?!

Yes and all the years you could have help them with the V.A. you didn't but after 6 months our @POTUS did
As a former member of the military, if I ever had the chance eat a meal with you because of some BS photo op, I'd slit my wrists.
Please stay in Germany. You fit right in with those leftists!!!!
Warren 2020!! The Country needs you!
Like a hole in the head
I can't believe they could keep their food down sitting in front of you.
Great job @SenWarren   Keep up the good fight against ignorance, bigotry, racism, sexism and anti education
You are a total fraud
Are you turning into a #warmonger? How sad!
No, she likes the beer
there is something so wrong with this picture knowing that she has voted against the military everytime
This from the senator who supported obama's depletion of the military. Total hypocrisy
odd @SenWarren, I see no "families", only officers & enlisted likely ordered to attend your opportunistic "pow-wow".
I'm grateful for the chance to grab dinner with MA military families in Wiesbaden. They represent our commitment to security in the region. 
ELIZABETH GO TO GUAM AND EAT DINNER WITH OUR MILITARY IN LINE OF FIRE.
Wow, that's a complete 180 from your previous anti-American, anti-military positions. What's up your sleeve, Dearie?
I bet the troops were ordered to eat with you. Another photo op Pocahontas?
Guam doesnt? You side with Kim Jung Un... just to "resist"?
You ruined their dinner...
Troops, thank you for your service! Eat quickly, dismissed when done. Continue to ignore fake Indian who is running for reelection.
Such a low class liberal phoney & hypocrite....you could care less about our military!   Go hug another baby!

#whackyWarren
Pandering our military now to fluff up your image ? Your DEMOS daughter is a Sorossite, just like you. Your Son in Law is...
Military has a Code of Conduct~they would not embarrass @POTUS by refusing to eat with you, but you are a disgrace to our military.
They are the very same families that will vote you out of office for not doing your job when they can't afford health care
Bet they lost their appetite with you there!
Nobody cares. LOL 49 comments in 12 hours says it all. Trump gets 49 comments a second.
Tell your. Girlfriend. Hillary.   Get. A.  Life
Hillary. Fucked. Monica. To
Their are more undocumented Muslims immigrant terrorist than we have armed soldiers  in our Armed Forces. How the hell did that happen?
Ur a waste of time Lizzy! Serve your country by resigning!
It cracks me up when left wingers try to tell members of the US military to resist their President. These comments are hysterical. Idiots.

Sucks that a military person has to sit and eat with a communist witch
@realdonaldtrump #trump Can't imagine the content of your conversation. Most likely bashing the administration and conservatives in general.
Didn't you just say you *can't* imagine?
I'm surprised they found any to sit at a table with you.
They don't look like they're enjoying her visit
So now you praise the military?
You are SO FAKE,the only thing you're grateful for is UR sp interest who R filling UR pockets. You'll B voted out. The REAL Indian will WIN.
the pemmican in Wiesbaden is superb
You should stand with #POTUS and represent your dedication to the strength of our nation instead of #swamp. Obstruction is not progress.
First of all those are mutually exclusive: Trump is the swamp/cesspit. Second: check with McConnell on that obstructionism thing.
Did you like the Wiener Schnitzel or the Hassen Feffer.
Hope you had some bleach with your dinner!
I noticed that none seem to be engaging in conversation with you.
They, unlike you apparently, were taught not to chew and talk or gesticulate at the same time. Very basic table manners.
While the Hive respects the military, we do not approve of you using them as a prop to push your liberal agenda.
Correction, COMMUNIST AGENDA
bring their healthcare system back with you when you return
And 99% of them would not walk across the street to pee on you if you were on fire little hated faux squaw.
Guess who's gonna run for President???
Don't know why...
U could give to craps about our military ... if u cared u wouldn't have let Obama cut so much from them
GENUINE GOLD IS @SenWarren W/OUR BEAUTIFUL REAL AMERICAN HEROES!!
WHY DO IGNORANT PEOPLE SUPPORT TRASHY LIAR BIMBO CONMAN @realDonaldTrump?
I certainly hope there will be an end to "grabbing" - so vulgar
At least you're not making it a PR performance like #Trump would Senator!
Then why the photographer?
Eating with @senwarren
it’s called chow, not dinner
It's called dinner. You can call it chow, but in most houses that would get you a bowl of pet food.
The troops are there for a reason.  What's yours.?
To waste pax payer money on some phony learning
mission?
SEN WARREN BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH! I SALUTE TO U THOUGH THE MILITARY. YOU ARE THE HEROS THE GREAT ONES THAT SACRRIFICE YOUR LIVES FOR US
Did you pay for it?
Poor suffering military. Fuk
I loved it.
Even Viet Nam was better than the life I now have. 
You all shit on the Nam combat vets didn't you?
They must be thrilled! NOT!
Any chance you might consider staying?
Reconvene Senate to vote on S 200, the Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act.
Love Wiesbaden!
freaking GERMANS started both world wars and slaughtered millions of people, and you love Wiesbaden?  Go live there Nazi sympathizer.
Thank you for your service folks sorry I had to put up with this fool
remind them!  the Democrats tried to suppress the military vote at every presidential election!
Source?  Just making up shit?

PR points
You probably made them sick.

If you've time, cross the river &visit @Gutenbergmuseum in Mainz as reminder how Gutenberg changed the 
Really since when did this start? Today....

Given the current tension, you are safer there.

I wish you would leave the white house
Nice one Senator Warren.  And may I say I love the name of that town! I think it's an Australian peculiarity.
Notice...everyone concentrating on plate. No one talking. All trying to avoid eye contact with Pocahontas.
Looks like someone here hasn't learned not to talk with a full mouth.
Noticed it's all officers your eating with,not the enlisted
Quick, cancel her passport & put her on no fly list. They can keep her!
Hope your having a nice vacation on taxpayers
Didn't you side with obama on cutting the military?
None of them look to happy. I suppose it's your presence. I hope they don't have too much indigestion.
I'm sure they are super grateful for you taking the photo op while dumping on everything the country the defend stands for.
Try doing it without a camera.
Grateful from Worcester!!! Thank you ALL for your service!!! 
Not sure I can answer that. Probably about the same as ruining a country from a country club in New Jersey. And that wasn't a typo!
I'm sure you ruined their appetite.
Oh yea poison turkey.
Healthy salads.
Safe to say everyone in that photo takes a greater pride in our Flag, our Constitution, and our Freedom than our good Senator Warren.
thank u sen Warren. u will b r 1st female pres.  we love u.
Nice Pandering #Pocahontas.  You don’t give 2 shits about these folks and they know it. Ur a joke
I got news for you Pocahontas... Your not a favorite in the Military Community... they were being kind and gracious host
Love her!
Really? Germany still needs our protection? From who? And what region? Western Europe? None of this makes sense.
The region Ramstein primarily defends is not Germany itself, by itself.
I feel bad for them,now there all gonna throw up
You sound like a thinker.
They work for trump. Thank him..
When you check out at Wal-Mart do you thank the cashier or the CEO?
I have lived In Quebec before. I know better
