Nor are we going to except  THE DNC dictatorship. Ur Russian conspiracy & ur continual dissin gof our POTUS.  Hillary doesnt just get to
scream Russia over DNC "hacked" server with 0 evidence. YOU never turned SERVER over to FBI. Hillary just chose Russia. Furthermore. emails
from that  server proved DNC colluded against BERNIE. U lot think our votes dont count . You selected Hillary a flawed candidate she
We had no problems with Russia until a grown woman had to CHEAT. We're not stupid. Ileft the rotten corrupt party after 40 years. I'm not
the only by far. Every time u lot open your lying mouths about Russia u just drivemore away. Many people in this country have been doing
business with Russia investments etc. Maxine for etc. How the hell where htey supposed ot know one day  a FLAWED Presidental Candidate
which tell such a flasehood  & the media & corrupt politicians would keep trying to drive the lie  over & over with no evidence. Personally
"We will never accept autocracy." Correct: we saved you from that in November. 
You're welcome. 
SHUTUP YOURE THE MOST ANNOYING OLD LADY EVER
Unfollow then. Act like an adult.
No & no. Bye.
your rude
Awww poor snowflake sorry you can't handle the truth
I know that and I was refering to you when I said snowflake.... don't worry next time I'll @jessiebaby_k to help.... twittering is hard lol
Unless it's a leftist-approved Marxist autocracy...then we're cool with it? 
Sadly, many republican senators and representatives don't care that Russia hacked our election. All true Americans should be outraged.
Nixon did far less then Obama and Hillary did. He stepped down as president. We are sick of the whining, go back in the Wood's 
DNC can add another victim to their list, a Fed Prosecutor investigating DNC voter fraud in Fla. was murdered yesterday, found in desert
WARREN IS HILLARYS ASS KISSEN PUPPET
We have, we will and we always will, your ridiculous words don't travel far.
Libs have never ask for real investigations n grand jurys about Bengazi Iran Irs FastnF Israel Soros Libya Bernie ClintFund Spy unmasking
@TheDemocrats need to make a LOT more noise than we are right now! Where's the outrage? This should be a 24 hour media blitz indicting Trump
No evidence on any Russian collusion still. This is a witch hunt and many people acknowledge it as a diversion.
The Russia thing is old and boring so give it up already
John, that's all they have to keep them from going totally insane!  Hiawatha is a whiner not a LEADER.  That, I think, describes all Dems.
Thank God we have Trump, a great leader, instead of parasites like you running the country.  You criticize achievers and praise losers.
Demwit
Who killed #sethrich?
#impeachment
Yes her!!
Lady can you just shut it, forever
You mean like when your bud, HRC gave 20% of our uranium to Russia nd took $millions for the Clinton Foundation?
What about Obama on caught open mike. Saying"I'll have more wiggle room once I'm elected" in 2011 to the Russian's hmmm how soon dems forget
The Wikileaks emails are authentic and prove the corruption of HRC. Many Americans voted for Trump.There was no vote tampering. Give it up.
OMG, who are these disrespectful people tweeting back, this country is loosing every sense of decentcy it once had..shame on you people
It had no decency under Obama!!
Um you can't impeach if there's no crime.. Yea thats how the law works buddy. Dems sit ins were a joke.. Long live to #preristance
I think who really  admires him is Hillary Clinton...Selling the American uranium to the President Putin.
But you lie about being Cherokee. OK Pocahontas...You supported a liar. Stick with facts ,not your dem buddy's leaked source's
Which is why you communists were voted out while U.S. voters still had the chance. It was a close call
I admire Putin as a leader of his people. Puts his people and country first. That doesn't make me anti American.
Maybe you should try putting Americans first.

Elizabeth Warren is batcrazy! Looney tunes!
#SethRichCoverUp #SethRichMurder
#SethRichCoverUp #SethRich
#IStandWithTrump #MAGA
#ClintonBodyCount
#SethRich #SethRichCoverUp
#SethRichCoverUp #SethRichMurder
really???? were you is suspended animation for the last 8 years?
This person is bat *hit crazy. Russia Russia Russia. Sure you're okay with Barack sticking his big ugly nose in other countries elections?
Nor have you accepted you lost, that you're not Indian, or how foolish and childish you have acted. We see the lies now, honey.
Please explain how you believe your continual attacks on U.S. Citizens, via @POTUS, will clean up @BarackObama's messes and heal America.
However, you will accept radical islamic terrorists.
Weren't you  laughing at Mitt Romney when he said Russia was a threat? Can you  say "HYPOCRITE "?
Elizabeth Warren is a #PutinHead !
#MAGA
Oh yes U did... under Obama's reign of terror. Bow to the Muslims,  Pochahontas.  Muslims had it better than US vets & homeless. No 2018 4 U
no matter how stupid one of your comments are one day,they get even more stupid the next.
WE accept OLIGARCHY though.. in fact, we are an OLIGARCHY.
No Ah, just fibbing and fake news are OK. This note is coming from someone who thought they were an American Indian. Credibility gone.
Thank goodness Obama gave us Habeas Corpus back!  Dems aren't the solution Warren. They're "values" only make things worse.
...Syria to the Russians while being busy painting red lines in the sand.
You are a raging puppet to the Russian Leader now. How much more can you be in his pocket without flying a flag. Did Democrats not open...
Well you did for the last 8 years
Our founders did NOT want a monarchy. It's precisely why our system of government was established like it is.
We can't allow a monarchy
What part have u not heard, NO EVIDENCE, enough of crazy LIZ & followers. Besides showing the world ur crazy, what is ur end game, E.W.?
You have successfully brought into question the political order. Now is the time for reversal of the previous global message.
But you have. You are doing their bidding for them very successfully. You say it is President Trump but it is actually you and your friends.
Here this, WE do not care about Russia, but we do care about JOBS, Economy, Border, Infrastructure. You people are making USA horrible
Hear this,, DNC OBSTRUCTIONIST LIARS AND CRIMINALS..YOUR TIME IS  UP AT THE POLLS SOON...
But we sell them uranium? Hillary?
Nobody likes you, Senator Warren. #MAGA
Too bad no one gives a F about #democracy

#AlwaysSanders
No you just want socialism like Bernie.
Did you finish the recount yet?
Except by the Democrats??
Robert, Democrats are well on their way to full blown Communism.  They're gonna skip Autocracy all together
@morningmika @realDonaldTrump except w/Iran
What tribe do you belong to again?
U don't accept democracy nor this great representative republic ! I me, we the people are the kings not u politicians u r all crooks
well, we had it under your hero, Obama.  When will you just shut up, you witch!
I and so many others are SICK OF YOUR VOICE!
R U still in there?  oh, that's right, you have a few more months 2 rant & rave.
ha,ha!America has supported autocracy all over the world!&Putin was democratically elected;most popular president in world! #NoRussophobia
#drugsCrimeDebt and Dems are content to take down the country. If HRC were Prez Dems would not believe Comey!! @realDonaldTrump
This is 2017 America, 

Not 1944 Germany,
Not 1793 France,
Not 1776 America, or 1460 england
& certainly not 330 BCE
Gods & Kings need 2 go!
We love you Elizabeth warren

Unless it's the DNC rigging the primaries to favor THEIR pick in the most autocratic way possible..
please tell us that the intel leak to the russians isn't going to blow over. we are doomed if it does.
Thank you for speaking truth!
I'm with you all the way Senator Warren, but what is actually being done to stop this man? This cannot continue.
But the @GOP is accepting autocracy and they are the majority. Each of them is giving away our #democracy for their own greed.
The contributing American peoples are a hundred percent in support of Donald Trump drain the swamp
The president speaks of the people everyday he's putting control back in the hands of the American people drain the swamp
Or Kleptocarcy, either!
RBest you-resign
And won't ever accept you bobblehead
Unless the name is Clinton. Then you abandon every principle and scream all of the time.
killer Clinton had no principles!destroyed Iraq,Libya,Gaza,etc.!where was weaselly Warren?!!no more #HillarysWars
Funny how libs are Russian hawks! Where was all this when they were invading Ukraine? Remember when Pelosi Reid and O were running things?
Trump needs to take responsibility for his actions dammit
Yet, you want to give us autocracy in medical services.
if you believe that, your not very bright... start standing with your president..you liberals are destroying America...sad..but we see you.
But you liberals want to make socialism ok?? By the way Liberals loved Obama for 8 years what did you call that?
did you just quote yourself? Idk why but I feel the need to say sorry. For all your embarrassment over the years. God bless
Trump can NOT be stopped legally!  You made laws. He can claim ALL executive powers. Look it up. Control EVERYTHING!  God help us.
Go get help woman!
Mika, love ya! Can't believe u r engaged!
Your book is great!
But fauxahontas, your side is an autocracy. Reference the Berkley,  antifa, and #msm that are all shutting down opposite viewpoints
Demented hag should be committed
But, the Rs HAVE!
Amen!  But don't be so sure - see what we have now!  Anything is possible.  We have been delusional about the strength of our democracy!  
They do not ACCEPT it in Russia!  You believe you can fight the U.S national guard, U.S military? If he chose he can seize country legally!
You go girl

Can we get an impeachment and an Amen!? 

#plzjesushelpusinourhourofneed
Republicans will they are complacent
You should have told that to you partner in crime Hillary
But it is accepted right now
Hope you're right Senator Warren.  But it saddens me how many die-hard Trumpeters there ae
Zzzzzz
Lizzie: All you stand for can be summed up as dishonest media, party, and #radicalliberalterrorist.
Really?  What will you say when our democracy is gone? Sad
#sethrich
@debbytravels @realDonaldTrump Russia is destabilizing democratic Ukraine and Eastern Europe
Tell that to Bush and Chaney
But she loves socialism
Honey, you are delirious!   Sit down / take a breath!
Who killed Seth Rich?
More fake news from Fauxcahontas.
at least the learned something unlike the students who paid for courses at trump un- ripped off
We already have.  We are living in a Corporate Theocracy. All hail the Godstate!  All hail the US Dollar..."One nation under God"
This is liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a war being waged against US citizens by the liberal media and liberal Elite.
Try Geico insurance, They gave me a lizard and a glass of milk
Glass houses Pocahontas....glass houses.....
Mirror Mirror on the wall who is the ugliest of them all?  Mika!
Republican Congressmen and Senators are not trustworthy
we have, so far.
well, 52% of us at least. but close enough.
Thank you Senator @SenWarren
It's already a autocracy.  If democrats would become a JOBS FIRST party we might not have one party rule.
Since you want to run America like Venezuela why don't you move there and leave us alone
Wake up there is a war being waged against US citizens by the liberal media and liberal Elite.
Please impeach Trump.
Keep fighting!!
And even the liberals are probably armed.
It would seem, @SenWarren, that Republicans are quite happy accepting autocracy in America.
So what kind of govt does he think he is operating!
Pocahontas shut up
@DandelionDollar @realDonaldTrump well, except for all members of the GOP who just blindly go along with him!
oh go smoke a peace pipe
Except that the radical populist right would, because they see it as a valid need for giving voice to 'the people' in this situation
It's become a perfect storm for radical right populism. Due process is the fragile membrane keeping supported dictatorship at bay.
Says the party of intolerance.
Why would we do that when we have you democrats!
Except that it appears we are since the GOP licks the presidents feet
I hope that is true
Seems to be quite acceptable to the GOP.
Putin's under your bed Pocahontas.  Nighty night
Sure 'bout that, are ya? We may not accept it, but we got it - pariot act, NDAA & all . . .
Bla bla bla... Do something productive for a change.  What have you contributed to the USA lately other than hate speech?
And we don't accept people being killed for resisting. Don't let that become the US
Give em hell @SenWarren !
Says the fake Indian to get a job
"I hope you can let this go" is indubitably an attempt to influence the direction of the investigation. What more does DJT have to defy?
This entire thread is full of trolls and bots. BLOCK!
@henrymcmaster @SRuhle McMaster wrote dereliction of duty . Brace enough to step up to the leaders in chain of command...
It's time now! It's time to start impeachment proceedings. is a traitor
@realDonaldTrump admires Putin, Erdogan, Kim Jong Un... all murderous dictators. THAT is what he wants for USA...total control and our 
Putin is most admired president in world;democratically elected peacemaker! #NoRussophobia
