Now the @SenateGOP is obsessed with using the Congressional Review Act to kill every consumer protection rule in sight, like the @FCC rules.
The @SenateGOP would undo @FCC rules & let internet service providers sell private info without telling customers.
No he does not and never will!
He who Charlotte?
The Donald
no they won't
Yes and while everybody was worried about Isis "Russia" snuck into the White House... 
Guccifer, Cozy Bear & Fancy Bear work at Putin's goal of destabilizing democracies by cheap but effective propaganda.
Human nature makes us susceptible to easy propaganda that confirms uninformed biases. With social media it is remarkably...
except it wasn't propaganda. Dems could have easily proven it wrong if it had been
Google & Facebook have been selling r info 4 years. Why aren't u angry? Oh, they give u money. Old saying, follow the money trail to ur door
Such a proud native woman..lol. Nut job..lol
Have u checked sources to find out if it is true?  Get your head out of your sphincter.
. Yes..she did it.  You can try to hide it,  but it is true.
do you know how insane you sound ? Remember the 2012 election when Obama said "the 80s called..."????
Senator Warren I thank you and Senator Markey for voting in opposition to this bill. Continue resisting please.
They do that NOW.
Thanks, this thread answered my question.  ISPs got away with one, this time.
GOP has no shame. None. 
Why do people listen to them if they are not networth 2M+?? I don't get it.
some of us think for ourselves and don't let CNN  (certainly not news) Tell us what to think
You mean like Google and Yahoo do already?
you've sold Americans out more than most politicians. #clown
@freepress @SenateGOP @FCC disgusting. Thanks for trying to fight. Legislation for sale to highest corporate bidder.
Trump remembers nothing but cheat lie -gets what wants for himself There should be a party who cares for people!
NOOOO
wouldn't Vizio just love that!
Instead of impeaching @realDonaldTrump we need to show the election was fixed, throw T & cabinet and new law out
Keep telling yourself that hon.  Please post all personal info here.
One has nothing to do with the other James.  Trump isn't fighting ISIS either.
WARREN WHICH TRIBE ARE U FROM? OH YAH THE LYING FAKE DEM FAKE NATIVE TRIBE U LIE ALL DAY
I THOUGHT THE NSA HAD DIBS ON THAT !
We BEG YOU, Please stop the SCOTUS hearing now! Ind Com NOW & NOTHING ELSE-Demand it, We Will Stand With You!!!
Yes Senator please do keep fighting we so badly need more like you!  God bless you!
Well how convenient for his Orangeness and his greedy little friends!
amazing with the terrorist attack today this what you tweet about 3 different times today. Hmm..
haven't they shown time and time again they'll sell us out for the promise of power? #TrumpRussia
:Elizabeth, Obama already sold the Internet. What are U referring 2? We don't own it anymore 4 FCC regulations!
NOOOO! Don't let them get away with it!
Warren, when did posting Comedy Central videos become political practice? What a cook..
they were doing that under obama

@EmbersFromAshes @SenateGOP @FCC @ComedyCentral did you see the news today? Your girl is going down
the forgotten ppl were his sales pitch, and sadly ppl fell for the con from the king of cons. Trump cares NOT !!!
whatever you say liar
How dare you - Obama was willing to give ownership over to some global whatever - hypocrisy
A way to stifle news from going to the public! More likely to stay off internet & news if private info given out.
How did you gain a networth of $15,000,000?@SenWarren @SenateGOP @FCC
" I call for the resignation of everyone who lied about their heritage to get a job."
I know many Americans have their head in a hole abt these things. don't give up Senator!
personal information is sacred not for sale !
Not a tweet about the Parliament tragedy or the Intel collected on @POTUS??  Doesn't fit your Agenda Senator??
Liar!! Stop the BS!
so can I sell private information on internet providers to the highest bidder?
Lizzy Just another Boring Needy and Pathetic Tweet Of Yours. It Is Over Old Lady, Hillary even sent You Away.
This is not acceptable !
Forked tongue
Forked brain, unfortunately both sides fell out your ears.
London was under attack and all you can do is tweet about trump
How does one have to do with the other?  Would u have Sen Warren fly over and beat up the bad guys?
your right it's irrelevant
oh I'm serious as she is being a Cherokee
@SenWarren What does her Native American heritage have 2 do w/ it?  The Native Americans r the only real Americans.
everything, terrorism is engulfing EU & delusional individuals like her R 2 busy bashing Trump 24/7
Again, what does her Native American heritage have to do with that?  Trump is being bashed 24/7 by all smart ppl
What next? Repeal HIPPA???
Lord, don't give them any more ideas.  They will act on them.
This is an abomination! And it smells! Must be stopped. #ImpeachTrump GOPs can go to hell!
You either don't have a clue, or you're a liar. I'm going with liar given your history. That's all you & your party have left, lie lie lie
The worst thing for consumers for decades has been the uncontrolled Federal Reserve...
why are you not following the latest terrorist attack?
American business has became too cutthroat & only ppl like you have protected us Senator. Please keep fighting.
or as @GOP would call it "The American Dream" #ProtectNetNeutrality #Privacy #MAGA #Ethics #Leadership #resist
Lie.a.honas warren sympathises with the terrorist & the black robed activist judges to jeopardize Americans!
and u and so full of hate you wouldn't know truth if it hit you with a truck.
Do Republican voters not care their personal info is being sold?  I care. Call your GOP Representatives and tell them you're not for Sale
we are with you!
they already sell emails.
I Feel Some Banks are Already Acting as If They Don't Have to Treat Customers Fairly Just Because TRUMP is POTUS. .So Disgusted
Stay on it.  so glad you're there to fight for right!
Why do the GOP think they have rule of all Americans when they are to represent the people of America their sick
they were elected by the Americans and it's "they're sick " their is a possessive
hard 2 believe they're not(illegally)doing this already knowing true nature of many internet service providers.
Is that video "proof"?
Tell us again about the evidence of collusion between Russkis and Trump campaign Sen Fauxcahontas.
Fact is, democrats want to use the FCC to suppress free speech and spread fake news. Fascism, Sen.
U r foolish to want your privacy taken w/ such abandon. Just post your SS#, birthdate and credit card #'s here.
What are you doing about all of the drug addicts in your area of the country?
All will come tumbling down come election time for these cowards
it would be nice if the stream actually worked.
That's fine because I'll have to cancel my service anyway.
Why? What do their constituents gain?
Only the private info on their constituents and any kickbacks agreed to with the selling agency.
No!
The only solution is full time end-to-end encryption
why don't you talk about the war machine Elizabeth?
