Families like these are why Medicaid exists.  Thank you, @SenWarren for your fight on behalf of these familes who need us so much!
Medicaid is not going away
So he was refused care?  By whom?
Everyone take notice, Elizabeth Warren has actually help someone.
She has helped a lot of people. What have you done besides just whining about ever
ything.
I'm a Descendant of Civil Rights activist long
b4 MLK & I wrked on t/campaigns of Carter
Clinton, Obama & ClInton
THE DEMOCRATS DON'T WANT TO WORK WITH THE REPUBLICANS, IT'S OBVIOUS, RESIST AND OBSTRUCT IS WHAT THEY DO
thank you!! And your tweets tell me everything I didn't want to know about you, apparently murdering babies is ok???
You are not Native American! 
You are a liar and a Democrat.
You only support obstruction.
@SenWarren thank you for speaking & fighting for the MAJORITY of US Citizens! You are a true PATRIOT! We <3 U!
Too bad they didn't abort that lil' burden.  Thank you for fighting for PP Sen Warren.  Fight the good fight.  Babies suck!!
Senator Warren, please keep fighting for all of us! So many of us are being affected emotionally by the mess we are watching unfold. Please!
Don't trust a person who lies about their own heritage
This isn't about the family, this is about Warren. The is quite  self-serving.
Senator Warren you know nothing about neonates! Stop the lies!You use devious scare tactics - if Obamacare is so great why don't you have it
Trump U strikes again.
This family would have been taken care of a lot cheaper before obummer care
They would not have been taken care off unless they lost their home and filed bankruptcy. Before ACA medical cost #1 reason for bankruptcy
Pelosi 2020
Do you know she will be nearly 80 years old.
My elderly parents were also in a medical catastrophe, if not for insurance, medicare AND medicaid my dad wouldn't have made thru the cancer
They will still have it, she is lying to you
You know nothing about neonates! Stop the lies! You use devious scare tactics - if Obamacare is so great why don't you have it?
Most of these responses are from people with less than 50 followers. Not real accounts
You're fake. You want to make America socialist Europe. That is an American family, not European family. You can care less about that fam
Fighting to keep their healthcare is not caring. Wow
I wish everyone knew a family like this and could actually see the needs and in Texas how hard to get and very minimal these services are.
the child is covered but what about the millions you paid to kill thru planned parenthood don't there lives matter
Quit lying to people, you are going to get voted out in Nov. Your refusal to help with healthcare has turned everyone against you.
More lies Pocahontas!
I hope you get sued for lying to CNN! Very Fake News Scandal Consumes CNN  http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/06/25/very-fake-news-scandal-cnn-jeff-zucker-network-flack-refuse-to-comment-russia-retraction/ … via @BreitbartNews
Pocahontas is angry. Very angry.
Lol she needs to smoke her peace pipe
Hahaha. Smoooke it.
God love you @SenWarren. You fight the good fight every day for Americans. Thank you.
She's a fake all the way down to her bones.
Please also talk about those of us without representation in Congress - we, too, are making plans for our deaths if they pass this.
Sen Warren I am an avid supporter. I feel the reason we lost was because we appeared to put the rights of immigrants before Americans. Wrong
What about you Senator?
Where was you when I last my healthcare under Obama! If you like your plan you can keep it, right!
Mu were behind fake cnn news that was retracted. U know it we know it.
Mortgage requires income 2 1/2x household income per/yr is Max loan amt. 2.5x 64,000=$160,000.
Think about this now:Avrg midclass income 32k/yr. 2 people wkng=64k/yr.Avrg cst of new house 230k.Cst new birth avrg 24k.Don't get SICK
republicrats healthcare gives money to corporations they gloat more but if democracy improves healthcare then rapepublicrats gloat less.
#DARLINGbeODyourselfNOpoliticeLOVEyou
Naha they prly vote for trump as soon as they get a chance
Not  government's job to be magnanimous with Tax dollar
Not Yours To Give Davy Crockett on The Role Of Government
http://hushmoney.org/Davy_Crockett_Farmer_Bunce.htm …
No act of kindness is too small..- Aesop @SenSanders @elizabethforma
It sure wasn't due to obamacare, quit lying to the public. 500 dollars for inhaler medicine is crazy. I bet your pocket benefits
Hey Liz did you forget to disclose something for the what, 3rd time in 3 years.
That and the millions from your Wall Street donors. #ChiefShittingBull
The VA... need I say more?
No. You are still there because there is no one else. You will fade just like Polosi. You are hanging on yr thread. You're awful.
Please invite Michael Phillips @wholeexpanse to testify before Health vote.
If they are hard working, why do they need you?
If they had foreclosure, you'd have bought their house, thrown them out and sold it for a profit like you did to  Mary Frances Hickman!!
We need a single payer healthcare system for Massachusetts similar to the proposed California Plan.
Oh #Pocahontas this "bill" was only a draft to present to congress. Right now as is it won't pass. #StopSpreadingHate #StopLying
Lust for power and greed keep you in the fight. Stop trying to con us with your fake bs.
Please just go through and tell us the parts of the ACA that need fixing and exactly how To fix them.
Is that your great grand children?
What keeps thou in the fight is your greed and self righteousness
Why didn't you fight for them in Obama's time?
Give them some of your millions Lizzie! Put your money where your mouth is! It would be a great improvement!
Even if Republicans haven't experienced this in their lives why can't they understand it? Have they all led charmed lives with no adversity?
Why does bloody Elisabeth Warren want to kill family's like this by allowing thousands of potential Muslim terrorists to keep coming in.
I guess you only care about people on the right and left coasts. Screw the middle of the country right?!? You need to learn more.
And even without Obamacare she would have been cared for. Stop lying. My single mom daughters had ins until Obamacare so what about them?
Obamacare is a failed disaster - you are going to keep fighting for a failed system?  Don't use these folks as an excuse for your failures!
What's keeps you fighting Liz? Payout from insurance companies? What are you hiding? has Putin subverted you?
They need to support the only person that is working for the American people, That's TRUMP!!!
Stop you pandering.
Self serving no? Post a story that you have no part of & then maybe. How about people that refuse insurance & have to pay a terrif dumbell?
@Heinzilla Sen Warren, if you happen to bump into Sen from #Indiana @ToddYoungIN please let him know Hoosier lives are at stake
The health bills show that Republicans cover their ears and listen only to sounds of cash. Where are the decent ones?
Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care.
No, that wud be $$, piles of it and perceived power

Seriously? This is ridiculous. They are trying to FIX healthcare... Yes FIX it. For everyone. Yes everyone.
Who watched this and honestly can say to themselves that Republicans don't care about children and families that are in need of help?
We ALL want to help these families. All of us. Not just you. We are all on the same team when it comes to this.
Most of us have families. Most have children we've all gone through things that we don't want our children to go through.
But there has to be a way to weed out the ones who are abusing the system. And you cannot deny that there are people out there abusing it.
You're depicting the exact sort of situations that everyone wants to preserve. No one wants to take away from the people that need this.
Step back and think about that. You really think that we dont the care about these families.
So I don't get it are you saying that Republicans don't care about families like this? Are you saying that President Trump doesn't care?
God bless all of you. And I love you, Elizabeth Warren. Stay in the Senate and run for President. You and Hillary! What a pair.

2018 @HouseDemocrats Platform: Take the profit out of health insurance w/a PublicHealthOption @RepJoeKennedy @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell 
keep after these robber barons
It's the first time I've seen you without your mouth WIDE OPEN :)
Bite me
I wish I could say I believed this touching video would move @GOP ONE BIT, but they have NO soul, no empathy. It's insane.
Pocahontas be quiet and learn, instead you choose to be a bitter old women, shame in you!
Please.....
What Hypocrisy !!!
Ur concerned abt people dying under proposed Healthcare bill but u don't mind millions of innocent babies being murdered because of abortion
The Kleenex came out for this story. If we can't help these people then what does that say about us? This healthcare bill is ridiculous.
,U, the ONLY valuable female in Washington, U end up bought by GLOBALISTS. Human animal must live in packs to feel comfort, not COMMUN-ISM.
Why did YOU let this happen?
Nearly 100 patients died waiting for care from Los Angeles VA - CBS News
Still lying.
No your love of power is what drives you.      Big difference
Sad story. I question though how a full-time union steel worker didn't have health insurance? Should they have had an ACA plan?
Go away squaw
It's nice to have a Senator who listens to the people she was elected to serve; thanks, Senator
We would love to see in Brightwood but you never come to the 413. All these leftist  love you because you worry about every state except MA.
Anyone can have any story that goes their political way. Ur such a weasel. Ur a mess
We have your back, Senator Lizzie - with LOVE!
Sen.Warren fight the good fight don't ever give up on us
Does the top 1% really need more money than this family deserves a chance?
Apparently so
If only more Americans would realize what Medicare and Medicaid do congratulations to you and Nicholas
We love you for it
Stay in the fight EW!
;Typical Warren using a one off example and serving it up as the majority. She's an incompetent frawed.
What keeps you in the fight is your love for POWER!
Elizabeth your boyfriend Bernie is a thief. Why aren't you screaming about that or are crooked senators OK with you?

How can the GOP say they are "Pro-Life" when they are willing to let millions of Americans die to give $ to the top 1%
#ACA #VoteThemOut2018
Your watching to much MSM. They are just using their fear mungering to get support. Things will work out. It always does.
Trump and his supporters and the GOP do not care about the people in these videos. They lack empathy on a level that is so bizarre.
Awww. Trump supporter exactly what I was talking about. Troll elsewhere
He created chaos. Look really deep inside and do some soul searching.
Money and power over the masses is what keeps Pocahontas in the fight.
Sorry Elizabeth. Your a very bad actor. You should take lessons from Hillary. No you won't be the next female president. Sorry..
What about the MILLIONS of loving and hard working families that are struggling under #Obamacare  Needs of the few  do not outweigh the many
Anecdotal
Tell us about YOUR insurance?
This man and his crazy train administration must be stopped.  The Democrats are as culpable as the racist ,hateful republicans.
Knowing of people like these you and the rest of the Democrats stand by and let this inept administration and their lying leader destroy
This is why we pay taxes - to support families and individuals who need our help. It's our responsibility as Americans.
did either one of these ppl have health coverage before they found out they were pregnant??
can I make a suggestion if u need Heathcare apply of jobs with companies that have good healthcare ?
just wondering why she isn't back working, or he didn't get a stable job that offers health insurance?? Please answer
@SenWarren turned her back on families when she chose crooked shillary over @BernieSanders and we will never forget. #BERNIEORBUST
American families deserve health care at an affordable price. Kids & their parents!  We must do better!
Here come the "pull at the heart string" stories from Democrats. "You should turn your freedom to make personal choices over to the gov't".
U r full of ! Resign!
How can anyone deny this child of what he so desperately needs?!  I know!! GOP SWAMPRATS!!
Since when is any child refused healthcare? Never that's when!
Do I hear people know you're trying to bring their world down around them as you continue to ignore 20 trillion in debt.
Keep tweeting ! Every time you do a thousand Democrats leave the party #ExDemocratBecause
So many families are helped by Medicaid.
Please push term limits  people like you need restrained
DRAMA QUEEN ! and how do you know what care they would have gotten without the Obama care ? Huh ?
My grandson has autism& receives Medicaid.W/o it,he won't  get what he needs.Because of it, he can read.He's not fraud & waste; he's 6
And those same ones voted in GA against healthcare.
#Traitor
Lol!  Drama queen.  An oscar performance-Hollywood standard.
It's the millions you've made off the backs of the down-trodden pretending you care.
that's dems for you screw the working class
What a joke - she thinks everyone should get everything for free - move to a failing socialist country if you want that
Elizabeth warren is a lying worthless piece of .....
So Elizabeth Warren records peoples conversations????  Isn't that illegal without their consent???  They shoukd sue...
great but if you get up at 5am and work 13 hour days for 35 years, you are screwed! Obamacare sucks!
Nothing says they want qualify under the GOP plan.
My son was born 6 was early. I was lucky to have great insurance that covered his time in the NICU. Very scary time!
The moment we lose our compassion for one another is the moment we lose our humanity.
"The Republicans Don't Care Act"
The only thing that keeps you in the fight is getting real elected and how you pad your bank account
Unless u get these stories out 2 Trump voters u will not make a difference. Get 2 them, educate them & run/quote lying Trump statements.

I thought it because you were a Cherokee Indian
