Thanks to your friend bill clinton for making a nuclear north korea possiblle...#lockherup
And you're an American Senator?  Wow.
I'm convinced he wants Iran to have nukes, he wants ISIS to succeed. He needs the war to never end to justify the police state he's creating
Wrong guy. Obama and Clinton Watched ISIS role in and killING Christians beheading the children crucifying them sat back & applauded
Why would he certify that Iran is complying when they're not complying? I'll wait.
What would you do idiot stand and watch billions flown to them in cash in the dark of night
Pre destined and we as well all the others do good nations are making it possible. Israel stopped it once, we just pay them. Are we reaping
Everyone's complaining & doing nothing else. WHEN IS SOMEONE GOING TO DO SOMETHING TO STOP TRUMP? Complaining accomplishes literally nothing
In fact, the more we complain, the more crazy stuff he does!
It’s only crazy to your ilk. We love our President!!  No worries for you though, eight years will go by like that!!
What exactly do you love, though? Serious question.
Easy. The undoing of Obama’s pen and phone. It’s a glorious sight to behold!!
Millions of Americans will lose the health care they had & you think it's glorious? O-care, clearly flawed, is better than nothing at all.
Quit Chicken-Littling us. Millions are essentially without healthcare as the deductibles and co-pay leave them unable to afford care.
Trumpcare has no plan, no direction, no support. And why not? Let’s just dive in and go full shit show.
Just wonderful
Not true. If you believe that, get out of politics
BS
Why don't you keep your thoughts to yourself
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment 
#25thAmendment
Whatever fallacy you need so you can sleep I guess.  Liberals are fascinating creatures. Not a shred of logic, only emotion is their guide..
Hey Liz all the stuff you tweet about is the reason why you guys haven’t won  an election since 2010
Why would we ever allow them to be nuclear when they talk about death to America all the time fuck Iran
You are stupider than you look ! Did you ok the uranium deal? That should be treason against our government,where did you sell it ? Iran ?
Here's hoping N. Korea detonate a nuclear bomb under your seat on the senate. Disgusting woman
It was bad when he was "just" a National embarrassment. He is a threat to our standing in the world!
But Obama is out of office...
You, Sir, are an observational Jedi!
1/ He's a threat to  National Security and the Security of the . Members of cabinet and congress signed an oath to protect the 
Fake news
Apparently it's taking too long for North Korea to let him start a war so he's trying to goad Iran.
So Obama spent 8 years not ending Iraq, funding rebels in Syria and Libya and still in Afghanistan but only now you're against war? Sod off.
Sod off?? What are you British?
Bugger off
By the way if no one has told you today let me be the first, YOU ATE FREAKING AMAZING. Just know that. Peace out  from Illinois.
Sorry dam auto correct YOU ARE FRAKING AMAZING 
yr party that enabled them by giving them billions!What kind of person knowing that aCountry HarborsTerrorist wouldGive themMoney
When the Republican party is in power, they never give money to countries harboring "Terrorists".
Nor did this happen
Ummm NOBODY I pictured was "got rid of" by the time the Gulf War ended. Im not going to sit here and defend Obama with Chavez and Castro but
how about we get back to where you tried to insinuate that Dems are the only ones who give aid to dictators and theocratic monarchies.
they are the only ones! They always oppose every attempt to defeat our enemies!!
How about Trump start defeating some of these enemies/terrorists.
or these
Go home warren
I’m not sure where you get your info from but it must be from  because  Israel and most knowledgeable people on the subject support him.
America now has no credibility
Wrong.  OUTRAGE again, huh?  How predictable.  I'm from MA and I'm not outraged.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment #25thAmendment
12th Amendment.  Article 2.  Section 1.
#25thAmendment Section 4

Pocahontas speaks out against Paleface Donald & his policy on firesticks https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/918920375785918465 …

He's on his way to getting us all killed!
YOUR PARTY made it possible. Don't forget that. 100% Democratic decision. You own it and he's fixing it.
Say what? No it does not, our allies will pick the US economy over Iran, #blamekerry
Cuz  letting them have billions of dollars and holding the navy hostage put them right where we wanted them
How, in 9 months, can a man, tRUMP destroy 70 years of social evolution??? 

singlehandedly

tiny small lil' singlehandedly
speak truth for a change....Iran has their nukes where they can't be inspected.
I think you and Obama already made sure of that keep giving our country away Pocahontas
He disagrees with your world view. I think he believes its more problematic.
We sent a half billion to iran on a plane!  We lifted sanctions under Obama.  THAT is what has made it easier for them to get nuclear.
Lol
Everything the president does is outrageous and everything you say and thing is the best.  Sure okay whatever
Stop it woman!  You know nothing about Iran they hate us and helps terrorist.  Why do you think terrorist is hard to get rid off.  Ur weak!
The outrage should be even considering that a "good" deal.
The blind faithful Trumpers will follow Trump over the cliff either to Iran or N Korea both Fox said so didn't they ?
Do you really care what any Senator has to say it's his way or the highway he will lead us to a War
Was this treaty ever ratified by congress to began with.
He has isolated us from our allies as he has isolated himself within the WH!  Psychologically impaired and deranged!
We need to disconnect from bad deals and start over with who we know will support our way of life Not support nations that terrorize
Maybe Biff thinking is I am no good at healthcare, tax reform, reading teleprompters, lets give war a tried . Doubt he'll be any good

John Bolton is a major Trump advisor on de-certifying the Iran Deal.
4)& Yur ILLEGAL ALIENS! TRUMP WNTS 2CUT OUR TAXES,! & U GREEDY ASS DEMS WNT 2 RAZE OUR TAXES! 4 PAY RAZES U ALL DNT DESERVE! & TRUMP AGREES!
3)& YUR A GLOBAL ELITE BUTT PUPPET! U WANT HRC BC SHE'S JUST AS CORRUPT AS THE REST OF U DEM/LIB OFFICIALS. U TAX US 2 DEATH 4YUR VACATIONS
2)U STOP Lying & TELL YUR DEM/LIB SUPPORTRS THE REAL REASN U H8 TRUMP? IT'S BC HE'S BLOC'N YUR NWO ENSLAVEMENT PLANS! HE'S ABT THE U.S CITZ
SO WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GET RID OF THIS LIAR, THIEF,TRAITOR? He belongs in a military prison 20 years hard labor then HUNG for treason.
Iran is not an ally you silly child. And you're not an Indian.
You say a lot of dumb stuff. You're like the white version of Maxine Waters.
The agreement assures that Iran gets nukes. Now less than 8 years away. Nip it in the bud.
@MAHAMOSA People say that there'll be a world of peace if/when all the countries have nuclear bombs.

The sad fact is Iran's leader is more thoughtful and intelligent than Trump but Trump has the 4,000 nuclear weapons.
Increases the risk. I'm sure they already have a bomb. Or at least the capability. Thanks to the past administration's help.
Pres Obama told us that North Korea and Iran were years away from a bomb! Totally a big lie, just like Ben Gazi was due to a cartoon !
Thank you President Trump for getting us out of another bad deal.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Please reclaim USA.  We need a change today!
There are a lot of us out here that are REALLY afraid this is going to happen, that our President wants it! What do we tell our kids????
I love you Elizabeth but it's up to you and the rest to rectify impeach trump fight hard for us
Shut up!!! Just shut up! Stop tweeting you dumb ass!
No that’s complete propaganda. The sunset clause guarantees a nuclear weapon hello
Just shut up
You voted for giving President Cheeto rapist $700 Billion. Why would you want him to have that? That is not resisting you are not resisting!
VOTE HER OUT
Do you really want a nuclear Iran.  I don't get your daily briefings and dumb ass me know it's not a good idea.  Please resign.
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
They're hiding their facilities in their military bases and they won't let us anywhere near them.
Good job Liz, you did exactly what Obama & Soros told you. Now go back in your tee-pee and cook your brave some dinner.
You aren't being truthful. Not sure why you side w/a country that only wants death to Americans. Very illogical unless we follow the money?
How did dems allow this nutcase to even get close to this kind of power? How did our system fail us so tragically?
Are you nuts?
As illogical as always Senator Warren.
He kicked it to Congress where it belongs.

You, #Dem party like to criticize and hyperbole but won't do your jobs and take responsibility.
So you're saying turning the other way & shipping pallets of currency didn't help? Continue to ignore? Send more money?
What r u smoking?
Go back and look Pocahontas, the President did not decertify, he just didn't certify that they were complying because they aren't.
I am starting to believe @realdonaldtrump is from #BizzaroWorld down is up, wrong is right.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems end the danger #Impeach.
How can you justify sending pallets of cash to a nation that cries death to America?
Are you that stupid #Fauxcahontas, 
or do you just think that we are?!
wow some people on this thread is as gullible as Killarys supporters were. don't you have a test to take...
BHO gave a trillion in cash to armed themselves with nukes , B. clinton gave N.Korea cash the get Nukes also the dems are very dumb leaders.
Lib pols lie and because they are followed but the lowest IQs they are able to say anything stupid and not be questioned on the facts
decertify pocohantas
Because the treaty was so effective, and Iran was following the rules to a T? Sorry your wrong.
You wanna smokem peace pipe with mulas don't you
So when you gone call for impeachment. All talk
Do you smoke crack.
Elizabeth siding with Iran, what else do you need to know.
Not really they were still making bombs and in ten yrs they would have been allowed to make it known anyone knows this
The fact that you are a U.S. Senator is absolutely baffling......and terrifying!!  #batshitcrazy
But isn't that what Putin would want? Russia is allies with Iran.
And the Congress must stop him; they can and they should.
You mean the wallet is closed...
You are insane!400mil on pallets to IRAN! OBAMA&U armed IRAN, ignored N Korea, TRUMP spending time cleaning up UR POLICY DISASTERS,HYPOCRITE
they get one anyway within 10 years. It will be like N. Korea. Stop kicking can down the road!
If North Korea has a bomb Iran has a bomb. They scratch each others back.
Too bad he doesn't have the legal authority to decertify you, pocahontas
Quite the opposite.
disagreements
Do you even know what reality is Lady you and the Democratic Party gave them the opportunity to have nuclear weapons quit lying
I'm more afraid of you winning another election,  than I am of Iran having a nuke!
well, Pocahontas, only your SNOWFLAKES believe your garbage, oh by the way, says a lot how much you worship Weinstein, you and he are SICK.
Liz would have a lot more credibility if she wasnt shrieking hyperbole all the time.
The woman who cried WOLF!
Hearing you; I’m happier every day that I voted for Trump, you nasty thing!
I cannot wait until you old washed up hippies are out of politics. Our county has been so divided since you activist clowns gained a voice.
What is your recommendation to him on Iran concerning US hostages, funding of Hamas and Hezbollah, and their ICBM program?
your quest is with Congress now, unless you just wanted an excuse to lambast our POTUS. That couldnt be it, could it?
Agreed
He's making a road to invasion. He wants to end the deal so he can convince the american people that they arent complying with their end...
...of the deal and justify his invasion because they have "weapons of mass destruction." We've already seen this story play out in Iraq.
He wants a war. North Korea, Puerto Rico, Iran; he's not choosy. Just don't upset Putin.
SCREAMING LIBERAL!!!  Enough said.
You are living in a dream world if you think #Iran doesn’t already have nuclear weapons...How do you think North Korea has nuclear weapons?
UAE is not an ally?
He doesn't care! Why don't y'all take Obama's name off as much as you can in DC, and the piss ant will just go golf!
Don’t kid yourself, they never stopped development. Would we?
Um no crazies spouting lies like you is what isolates us from our allies. They don't want u anywhere near their ppl bc u lie! U rip a peaceful nation to pieces SELFISHLY for YOUR OWN BANK ACCOUNT! Sick elite white power hungry woman making her rounds to protect her money.
Hey warren I was on vacation but I am back so watch what you said because I will response to all your lies.
Why did you react with joy when Obama entered into agreement against and without Congress? You are sorry hypocrite.
Hey warren only one that made outrageous decisions was your dear pte obama. I am glad that he made the decision he made by executive  action
Apparently, politicians don't give a damn about their children/grand children. In less than 10 yrs, a madman will have nuclear capability.
That's an outrageous comment.
Get him out of office, please!
Since when is Iran an ally of ours?!
Bless her Heart,
Forces congress to do what they should have done when Obama used his pen
What did anyone expect from the moron in chief? He is totally clueless
Cant argue-Wouldnt,  even if I had a legit arguement, which NOBODY has.
Bad deal for America #MAGA
that is exactly what trump& Putin so they can take over
You toolbox. Iran has tried nearly 3 dozen times to obtain a nuclear weapon. This stupid agreement never prevented anything.
Shut up!  You're a big liar!!!
@realDonaldTrump agenda lines up perfectly with Vladimir Putin's agenda! Any questions?
Bullshit.  He's returning the decision to Congress, where it belongs.  Do your job and quit serving Iran like a paid dhimmi shill.
25th
What are you talking about? You just flat out lie Liz. How do you sleep at night knowing you misinform people the way you do?
And Trump is too stupid and lazy to even ponder the ramifications of his terrible, reckless decision. WHERE ARE THE ADULTS?! #fuckingmoron

He is the worst person we’ve ever had in office and needs removed now! When is Congress going to act!
Please ACT to #RemoveHimNow #25the45
Breaking News;
YOU should have thought of THAT, last SPRING!!!
Can you call for 25thAmendmentNow
Time to make peace with everyone in our personal lives. It's out of our hands.
Help us, Elizabeth Warren!
Thank you
Let's send Iran 1.7 billion.  Oh wait, we already did. Let's keep that money for our vets
Trump is basically overthrowing the US Gov and it's Institutions, isolating us to become the "White Nationalist" Dictator.
#SinceTrump nuclear war is a daily conservation
Then find a way to have him removed.
"increases the risk that Iran gets a nuclear bomb"

Isn't that what @realDonaldTrump wants? More rationale to destroy the world?
I don't think @realDonaldTrump has any rationale. In fact, he probably doesn't know the meaning of the word. @SenWarren
Pls do something to get this monster out of office! #ImpeachTrumpNow
If you believe the Iranian mullahs, I have a bridge to sell you...you can flip it, like you did with all those foreclosures. Heap big liar.
Obama’s outrageous decision to trust a rogue nation to abide by this agreement is foolish. Didn’t we learn anything from Nkorea??
We know this & we plan on doing our job at the Ballot box. NOW we Expect our Elected officials to do Their Job & #ImpeachTrump
Get off twitter Pocahontas and count your Weinstein money
If you're not a part of the solution, you're part of the problem! Now go back to the nursing home and eat your oatmeal with @NancyPelosi.
Shows our word is meaningless.
Can you elaborate? How? They sure do have plenty of money from Obama do to as they please. 
Do you even understand anything before you speak?
why did we give them 1.7 BILLION in CA$H?
He's a complete mad man and needs to impeached before he kills us all
Ugh. Shut up already.
Like north korea right?
Why are you still here? Isn't there a socialist utopia missing its unicorn-riding Indian maiden somewhere? #fauxcahontas
Iran already has bomb.
LIAR!! CONGRESS SAID NO IRAN DEAL BUT OBAMA DID IT ANYWAY AND YALL DIDNT DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT! DIDNT WANT TO BE CALLED RACIST! STOP THELYING
We love the USA people. We will just wait the 3,5 years and than everything is good again.
You DO realize that was Obama,  right, Fauxcohontas?
Are you well Elizabeth?
& u know it. Let’s talk about  loads of thesent 2 or hrc & uranium deal w ,an ally of. U democrats enabled s nuclear rise.
@SenWarren, u forgot the most important thing undoing the Iran Deal does...It satisfies Trump's need to spite President Obama. Sick agenda.
Dear Sen. We are powerless to stop this man! The 25th Amendment should be used on the @realDonaldTrump

All our 'allies' are interested in is our money and concessions. Mr. Trump understands this and putting an end to it.
Why aren’t you the POTUS?
Under the current agreement Iran can build nukes 8 years from now AND COUNTING!
Sensationalism.  Showboating.  You’re good at that @senwarren ... bad at everything else but good at showboating. #liberallunatic
This why we let the adults make these kinds of decisions
