Thank you!!
If you support it, it must be a horrible plan.  VOTE HER OUT!
The IRS is still their bill collector via the last bankruptcy reform. Nobody should take a student loan. Nobody.
Thank you !!!
As one of your constituents.  Thank you for standing up to bad judgement from this administration.  Glad you know what you are doing.
$IBM @GinniRometty does this loan service scheme but gets a pass since they are a contributor to you  @infowars @cnn
Honey if you worked against it. It's got to be something ordinary citizens could have used. Democ-rats Don't do anything for the people
She is a disgrace hopefully the Mass voter sends this incompetent person packing.
Working together works!
Never once did #Fauxahauntus ever ask why the gov't is in the loan servicing business to begin with.  #GetOutAlready
Glad you're addressing loan problems but when are we going to talk about cost - ed institutions need to come clean about exorbitant prices
You are a Warrior.
Thank you, Senator!
For myself and other struggling teachers, thank you!!! 
Should taxpayers pay for useless gender studies degrees?
Uh huh. And which employable skills are taught in these classes? And aerospace engineers only take GS because their colleges make them.
Basically, it teaches you how to not be an ass hat towards people who are attracted to people of the same gender, different religion, etc.
That's something my parents taught me. And you ain't converting anybody with microagressions sh**, trust me.
That's something older people are typically opposed to treating said people as an actual human being. I doubt country living is so tolerant.
No, they aren't. You are interpreting religious freedom and refusal to bow to political correctness through a very twisted lens.
Of course it's a very twisted lens, since there isn't anything like conversion therapy which mentally & physically beats the gay out of ppl.
Has an Open Door Policy on Immigration to stay at her house
Stay as long as you want
Thank you! We know it's relentless & stressful work, but we are thankful for all our democracy defenders working for our interests! HEROES!
Nobody should take a student loan. Nobody. Particularly in our down economy.
Senator Warren you are awesome  I love that you keep fighting these unjust things on every front major kudos to you 
I am LOVING the bipartisanship & so are Americans!  Thank you for keeping our best interests are the forefront. Monopolies are dangerous..
Yes, let's honor John MCain and return to order and bipartisan legislation. Ditch Mitch!
Nvr FORGIVE LOANS begin'g of enabling. Parents have been 1st enabler then Govmt 2nd enabler then they feel entitled @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
The single servicer contract was let more than a year ago-  this wasn't the Trump Admin's idea!
Quit tooting your own horn and get some work done! Accomplish something...no matter how small. You're not a reporter, you're a legislator.
Thank you Senator!
Yeah yeah take credit 
Please!! Make it so!!
Well ain't you something
Thank you!
When will you come clean and tell the truth about the Native American LIE and How You Scammed College Students put of Millions.
Take charge Senator.
When Republicans and Democrats work together for the people, we all win. #ThankYou
Sounds great. What was wrong and how did you fix it ?
tysm
Thank you!!!
@realDonaldTrump presidency: whatever @BarackObama did do the opposite
Thank you Senators!
I praised u to @SenatorFischer at our town hall 4 working SO HARD on student loans&she acted like it was the 1st time she heard it. 
I went to college, I chose based on what I could afford I had no loans. I worked to pay for it. Where did individual responsibility go?
It's obvious college was far more affordable for you back in the day. Less government funding allows colleges to work as a private business.
Your replacement is on the way.
Who is that, exactly?
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
What loan did you get claiming to be an Indian? Oh that's right. It was for free.
why not work on lowering the interest rate on student loans?
This #Urbaneducator  thanks you 

my daughter has student loans and is 1 class away from earning her degree. I'm concerned abt how her loans will be handled. #StudentDebt
Ya can't afford at my age another 2008 crash
Please keep fighting stop this plan please
Why do i pay $1850 PER MONTH for health insurance???
Democrats to leave saboteurs and to voice consensus in Republican party. Let sick elite have only vote of Masha from Russia #GameOfThrones
Thank you Senator Warren for all you do for Massachusetts and the whole country's working families!
What is with that damn blue jacket she always wears??
It's hard to support something that you're not getting a kickback from isn't it?

Term limits for congress is so important.
Can you work to get 45 out of the WH.?
She can work on not lying about her ancestry...
Way to go Senator W.  You tell'em.
Reclaim the middle!
Darlin, so far you have yet to help school funding, shown by increasing student debt (damned math!).
Thank you!
Profit over basic human rights is the #Trump way.

I worked w/ @RoyBlunt, @SenatorShaheen & @SenatorLankford on a bill to stop @usedgov’s terrible loan servicer plan.
GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF OUR LIVES.
Then best of luck in lifting yourself out of another, conservative-built economic depression.
Make no doubt about it Warren you are the sleaziest corrupt politician in DC. The lowest of the low.
