I find it amusing that we are seeing people who think folks all are cheating the Feds. People have to prove their financial to have ebt
Why don't you ask Obama for some money. He just took $400,000 from the very financial institutions you chastised during the election.
LISTEN UP WV
POTUS & GOP is example of you better do as I say or I'll take my toys & go elsewhere. Trying to build massive police state. RESIST.
Why is it tax payers problem to take care of drug addicts ? We give enough money away to people that can work and choose not to. Your fault
You've helped make America weak. Why would they want off drugs if you keep giving them something that will stop them overdosing.
I sometime truly wonder whether Dems should stop supporting higher federal taxes if they go to people who don't appreciate. Keep $$ @ home
Numbers dont lie. Look at CA. D run govt isnt working there! It is the titanic. But you who run it are in safe rafts. Shame on u!
At the market the other day and a lady paid for her groceries with her welfare card. Then drives off in a new BMW OH MY GOD!!! THANKS WARREN
Change the political climateSHUT IT DOWN! VOTE NO-CONFIDENCE, CALL FOR REELECTIONS, THIS IS NOT OUR GOVERNMENT. DRAFT BERNIE!
The money government offers has a lot of strings attached, not bad, accountability to reasonable inspection. So many are dying OD everywhere
This is because there are states that receive more Fed. dollars that they pay in taxes. As a senator, should know that is how welfare works.
We pay more taxes bc we r one of the most corrupt states in the Union.They steal $$ from it's citizens to give to themselves & immigrants.
Now you see how inefficient Fed Govt can be. Think Post Office, Amtrak or Pentagon are models of best practices/services? Get off the dole!
Again, doesn't understand the purpose of federal taxes.  Talk to your governor about state taxes.
Democrats, they are the height of hypocrisy
Elizabeth Warren should worry more about her retirement funds then about other people Taxes! Maybe she need her stress pills!
Imagine if a college student at Harvard didn't have to support a 350k a year professor for One (1) class
Dump Trump and his privileged ideas for the privileged.
And 4 giving to illegals, for snowflakes that don't want to work and collect free money
Ask the Fed to build an Indian Reservation for you and your high check bones.
you would have more money if you didn't have the illegals sucking the welfare dry. Americans first or have you forgotten that
You screwed mass. Your done liar
An absolute unabashedly stupid creature justifying the unjustifiable typical taxicrat  at all costs destroying economy one tax at a time
We already have checks and many caseworkers insist on financial review monthly. Corporate welfare is costing a lot more than food. Fight on!
Sea hag
You are right and some get more back than they pay in.  This is federal welfare, taking from the rich and giving to the poor. Right? Pooh!
Then comply with the law that your branch of govt passed!!!!
& ur proud of it wow epic how communist u r anti constitution
You would not know how to spend it
Alot of us really dont want to pay for opioid addiction...theres alot of abuse of our much needed resources the community needs
Pochahonus. Build the wall cutoff the heroin supply idiot.  Common sense to cut off the supply and the illegal distributors od drugs..
Many ill-informed California pays more than its fair share of federal taxes.  Many of you people bagging on our state benefit from it!
Oh look, someone with common sense and a knowledge of how to run a government.  So rare these days.
Keep pushing the homless and opioid button. & more? What's more? Those buttons must be wearing out.
Opioid treatment ... When people cant pay for insulin you want tax money to help Abuse.. Sounds right coming from Pocahontas....
Then follow federal laws.  Pretty simple.
Also Puerto Rico and is just a US territory. We pays more federal taxes than six states (Ak, MT, SD, ND, VT, WY)
Well perhaps your state should stop wasting so much money on government programs that clearly arnt working
@SenWarren Nice job Pocahontas!  Advertising the fact you bring back fewer $ to MA than your constituents pay in.  Well done.  Good work.
say no to eliminating tax deductions for middle class
Are you complaining about paying fair share?  I thought you always spew that nonsense?
Your a tough cookie Warren, I bet when the Donald heard no from judge he through a big tantrum. Your not Royalty here.
The laws is for you.
Your tweets sound like you need some opioid treatment.
Poco brain jobs jobs jobs get people off government support. Are you related to Nancy Pelosi?
Strange how all of the serious problem occur at a much higher percentage in Democrat States, isn't it?
So when in the crack epidemic and it's aftereffects going to be looked at as a health problem instead of a criminal problem?
You don't give a shit about anything but youself.
Thanks to the democrats not my issue if you don't want to work and you have a drug addiction and yes I had a brother that died from it
You mean it's not so @realDonaldTrump can play golf and pay himself for it?
It's not just the taxes. Our top 3 growth industries in CA are being threatened by Trump policies just when they're at critical stages.
Imagine if you were nice to the POTUS
Sounds like an over taxed state to me
GOP hate Americans
When I moved to CO in 2000, Rep Senator Allard showed a graoh. Federal $ into CO down line; Tax $ paid UP. Crossed during his term. DUH.
I didn't  know Rush Limbaugh lived in MA?
Stop breaking the law and you wouldn't have a problem
Homelessness prevention? I would love to here explanation for this one.sounds good in a speech but think about this statement folks. #noclue
Only the losers get strung out same with the alcoholics! Not for the week!!!!!!!!!!!
Have you ever experienced that drug????
Do something about our southern boundary and it might stem the flow of Opioids!
How would we pay you if we didn't skim off the top?
Facts b known, Dem states, with their good governance, carry the GOP states as overweight baggage. Heart Attack Alley is clearly GOP lands!
Absolutely true!
Then I expect a refund or some opiates
Justifying paying more in taxes
Oh well.
There's always a (more) with u libs !
Real question, what would be consequence of state holding fed taxes back, if their fed $ was denied? For the state that is
I want to know why noone is impeaching this sob???  That is the most urgent question I have. The man is crazy. He doesnt CARE!
Build a wAll and drugs will be reduced in MA
I never thought I would see the US (esp GOP) go from "tear down this wall" to "let's build our own Iron Curtain". #TrumpRussia
Suddenly u r a federalist
Donate your war chest Liz
It's "corporate tax amnesty", not "repatriating" profits
Same in our blue state!

And democrats stumble upon a federalist issue #conservatism
Warren is an uninformed lefty who should quit running for office and go back to school.
Trump lives in his own bubble. He doesn't care unless maybe we send him some pictures.#Souless
That is because he can not read.
Please keep fighting for us. We are all living in fear for our health, environment, & Government by Wealthy Despots.
Oddly enough, twenty years ago, no one was looking at the death & destruction drugs were causing in the black community... & still aren't...
no mercy  then now we must pay for thier rehabs and methodone..i lost pity when i see kids suffer and no jail time?
we came up with the phrase crackhead and it shamed kids from using..time to label opioid addicts..it not a disease
Kick the illegals out that are providing the drugs don't protect them in your sanctuary city.
"The drugs" doing the most damage are coming from Big Pharma and their sales team pushing doctors to prescribe more, more, more.
The drugs on the street are not people stealing prescriptions from others and reselling them.
No. But more and more addicts on the street are there because they got hooked on a prescription. The rise in heroine use is near epidemic
That says a lot. Opioid usage through the roof and homeless has not disappeared.  So it's a waste of money if you leave it to Dems.Cancel it
Pay more out of your pocket for those things not mind
Let's withod tax money for healthcare
Then stop breaking the law
Nutball
If @realDonaldTrump cuts Payments to cities could they then provide santuary to tax avoiders without further punishment.
Interesting question.
And probably helps support TN. So, thank you.
Incplete thought Liz. If it's a complaint then stop.
Every state should pay more than they get, unless they are expecting some Tomahawks and MOABs
It's what you rail for: redistribution of wealth! The wealthy States pay more taxes to pay for welfare programs in poor States. Perfect.
If you really want to help addicts:  legalize recreational drug use and use the money from enforcement on treatment instead.
You & Clintons make enough, send it to MA.
Maybe MA need to revisit how they waste money. Sanctuary Cities wasting taxpayer money on ILLEGALS. Suck it up buttercup, its YOUR problem
Why didn't U & Urs fix all that in the last 8 yrs?! Oh,that's right, U raised everyone's taxes almost every yr!Maybe MA should come after U!
Most of the past 8 years, GOP was in charge of the congress, stop acting like you don't know they blocked everything Obama tried to do
He did plenty that killed our small business &health care!So stop!U obviously R someone we're paying for!So how is Ur insurance!We have none
trust me if you threw his heart in a pile of rocks you would never find it.
And what do I get? I'm not hooked on drugs and I pay my mortgage. I pay taxes and don't see a ROI.
Our country is very lucky to have you around.
But you voted against the bill that would have given us $$ for addicts #helpAddicts
Take the money you pay in Federal Taxes and use that.
California as well.
No no, the people of MA pay taxes and the state doesn't get as much back because the state takes it right from us. Stop trying to look good
Generally how it works, states that are heavily subsidized by fed $ (MS,TN,AL etc) are able to keep state taxes low.
Yup. So MA could get more money from Feds but choose not to and then blame lack of fed funds for defunding schools.
I dont think thats how it works, lots of variables. Some good info here:
Amazing what good taxes can do.
Why do you think everyone buys big ticket items in New Hampshire?
Sorry Elizabeth got to pay your fair share
Yea & for illegals to get taxpayer funded housing, education, healthcare & iPhones. Warren typical Dem very generous w/ other people's money
If you want the money, abide by our LAWS. Not rocket science, Senator. #theRightway
The two are mutually exclusive. Which is why EO is LOSING.
No shit, I like having firemen and police and social programs that help my community so I'm willing to pay my share
dont expect compassion or reason from christofascist apes. My grandfather beat fascism in WW2, we CAN beat them again here in the US #resist
Also, all tax deductions in pay stuff of all that people he wants deported, which all this ppl don't have right to use like SOc.Sec.
Go to cover old people SS. Obama try to make one executive order and it was voided, this man is changing all construction with them.
We feel the same way here in CA
Same for California.
Can Congress stop all these EO??
time to reign you libtards in.
The state of Massachusetts should just stop paying the federal government
Yah! CA 6th largest economy and they can't afford to lose federal $$.
U lie!!
By policies do you mean ignoring the laws? Is it OK if the rest of us  ignore laws we don't agree with ? 
Try here in CT! 
So what. Welcome to the Obama world.
Could you provide examples of how exactly this money will be spent?Given your history of being a partisan hack, I'm guessing there isn't one
There you admitted it.. DRUG ADDICTS.. follow the FEDERAL LAW!
So follow federal law that you are not above and you'll get your money
Most "blue states" do!
Stop sheltering illegals and you won't have a problem.
Give me a break hypocrite
Ok another liberal nut
Keep "Tweeting" U WILL Know what "Homelessness" Smells like...@POTUS @FoxNews Circa...2018
I agree.    Add in mental health services.
Go after that NON PAYER of taxes @realDonaldTrump ~ Cheater (of the election) & Traitor to our country! Make sure investigation is thoro!
Blue states are always propping up the shitty Redneck states. The south is a 3rd world welfare state. Lincoln should have let them rot.
You owe a college education to a true Native American kid you bumped out and on your dime Hoaxahantas
Yet pocahontas prefers to break the most basic federal law and lose funding. Pocahontas speaks w forked tongue
Agreed! Seems this administration is only looking out for themselves! Rape and Pillage hard working citizens until they
That would be the fault of their Representatives in Congress... oh wait!! That's you! Start compromising to get money for this. DNC Fault!
We have to wrap this around our heads: he doesn't care about Americans. He doesn't care about America. He cares about his finances & his ego
Not telling you, but you know the ones with their hands out the farthest are the red states, that are broke!
Because the blue state take more from their people you must like to support people that refuse to work
Have you looked at covered costs of what we get,apposed to what we have to pay for 'extra's'? Punt, drop back and carry the one..
You make no sense. We pay state and federal taxes. The state uses our money and then says it doesn't need help from Feds what xtra?
Can u please send me a link about your homelessness prevention program.  Thnx
If you can use Twitter you can use Google to research programs for the homeless in Massachusetts & any other state. #DontBeLazy
Actually I did.  I read about the programs but I was trying to get to why she felt it was innovative.  It wasn't a question of laziness 1/2
Senator, tax revenue from eventual pot sales in MA should go to opioid treatment. Heck, at least 35%. Is that too much to ask. Speak out!
Oxymoron? You want to legalize Pot to pay for drug treatment? Not following the logic? Been to Denver lately?
William, booze is worse than pot ever could be. Doubt me? Watch any episode of COPS.
One wrong doesn't make the other acceptable does it? I don't use TV programs to find my facts and suggest you might find another source.
William, heroin is killing people. Using pot tax money to stop that makes perfect sense. But, you believe what you want.
You don't see any connection between the two? Over prescription of Oxy etc is the major source but not the only one is it?
Pot is not OxyContin or heroin. Booze kills thousands every year due to murder, car crashes, liver disease. Pot makes people goofy & hungry.
And, if pot is going to be taxed, let's use some of the money to fix junkies, who kill themselves, and others for a fix.
Opiods...#1 weapon of war...
Ms. Warren has every right to own a home & at whatever cost. She works hard & has written several books which has helped pay for that house!
Because the people of her state elected her. It's unsurprising that a successful woman with a lengthy career is worth millions. CAPITALISM!
Nope. Daddy Douches money. Duh
Ok Pocahontas
Dems shouldn't even discuss taxes until Trump releases his taxes.I'd love to see a unified front declare this ASAP #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms
It's unified & failed. Just accept Trump as POTUS & be happy! Little affect on 99% of us!
Actually his tax cuts are great for me and my family. They just suck for most Americans.
Don't think that's the subject but until finalized " who knows what evil lurks in the"  halls of Congress (sic) The Shadow.
Please cite your sources? Where are you getting this information from ?
Funnily enough, all the states that constantly preach secession are the ones that get more than they pay.
