Pls help stop him from being confirmed, for the sake of the American worker!

GOP Legacy, it was a Republican Congress that pushed NAFTA.
If you knew anything about running that large of a food chain you'd know that comes with the territory!
If you ever worked in one you wouldn't say that.
#THATISTRUMPSTUPID
what is your job twitter queen?disrupter in chief?
No genius Sen Warren is trying to protect us from the fascists that are taking over our Country
got you upset my friend.sometimes the truth is painful.sorry
Pocahantas, what about your record defending big tobacco? Far more deadly to Americans, jimo!! Like #HRC, you'll never be Prez!!
What is her record?
If you ran a business you would be bankrupted in a yearYou just talk and don't realize what you say won't work. Wishful thinking
please oppose these nominations!
Stay strong.. Relentlessly pursue them...
I have now boycotted his establishments. Money speaks folks.
Thank you for staying on top of things for the American people!  Please continue to fight for what's right!
Give em hell Senator!
what good chain hasn't? McDonald's got sued for having their coffee too hot. Stop fear mongering u crazy loon
Get over your women issues already.
u tweet the wrong person? Who are u? I feel like I am in the twilight zone. Do I know u? So weird
You have built nothing.
And you're the expert on that.
GET HIM!!  For our sakes!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump's Puzder has called for abolishing the minimum wage and ENDING 1 1/2 overtime pay, so employee can starve more
Did you know "abolish" and "not substantially raise" are different things?
You need to get your women issues.
so, you do believe "abolish" and "not substantially raise" are identical terms?   Think before tweet.
so we had establishment"dems" and now GOP. When are progressives going to rise up and throw you all out! #cleanhouse
Nice way to use your Senate seat platform to target and tarnish a private citizen who's been nominated for public service. #sad
Have you ever heard of Crony Capitalism?
yes and many in DC, Dems included, guilty of it. Going McCarthy in people from Senate perch is nasty & unprofessional.
Jealous.
Hopefully white people benefit not blacks or Latinos
so what.  You lied about minority status to get an upper hand. Shameful!
He supports states setting minimum wage without federal government interference. That should make any senator happy.
Interesting. How does that compare to similarly sized companies in that industry?  Or are facts not important?
@realDonaldTrump And he is apparently a wife beater, makes abusing 16-year-old boys/girls much easier. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/womens-groups-fret-puzder-nomination-233449 …
Liz thank goodness you are so darn good at what you do. No skeletons cause you have never done anything ever
: I feel like we're over-run by cockroaches. They swarm faster than we eradicate. Cockroaches in houses of government? How? HOW?
And, It offends me to imagine "what's-her-name" occupying the office that was formerly occupied by a most magnificent LADY.
thank you for your hard work
:  why would we expect less than that from Trump. He has made that caliber of selection on EVERY appointment. Now his Son In Law?
- again, a libel statement without proof.
Hon. E.Warren
I would walk a trail of fire for you and what you do.  Thank you.
Ponder the legal entanglements of PEOTUS.  That didn't stop him, so why should it be different for Putz-er?  Fill the swamp.
The minute that cat installs robots to make food is the minute I NEVER EAT AT @Hardees or CARL'S JR ever again!
Yes, leys put the fox in charge of the hen house! Great idea Mr. Trump great idea!
The committee should be required to watch his Hardee's/Carl's Jr. commercials with their daughters and granddaughters present.
Goes well w/Trump who said salaries are too high and biz can be transferred fr state to state (read for lower wages).
Nick Nolte's doppelganger is being dishonest here.  ALL fast food chains have faced similar litigation.
Lots of franchisees out there.
you're my favorite 
I certainly hope, for your sake, that judgement has been brought to pass. If not you're using Sen title to slander this company.
the CEO is fond of using bikini clad females in limos to advertise his hamburger
don't know the facts. He might be. But 4 a Senator 2 say such things, hope she's right.Bikinis don't equal charges.
all you have do do is google his hamburgers.
He admits to illegal dealings on his website? No wonder she spoke up.
Sounds bad. More than the usual fast food chains, I would think? Well, at least trump can relate to him! Don't let up on him!
@realDonaldTrump Puzder, Yet AGAIN another awesome nominee!!!.......NOT!!!
#stopthenightmare
#youareadisgrace
I know different hearing, but someone needs to ask Senator sessions if he believes in the separation of church and state…
could you get someone to ask Senator sessions if he believes in the separation of church and state?
all the people who violate sacred land for a pipeline without permission is okay though
ever hear of.. innocent until proven guilty? We need people like you out of goverment..now..not later
where we're you when all the accusations were thrown at Hillary.  #republicanhypocracy
Nuke! Harrys fault! Lol
make puzder testify his violations. We need protection from our government not restrictive laws
Thanks to Harry Reid, Trump's nominees don't need a single democrat to vote for confirmation. But enjoy your impotent protests

in·tern student or trainee who works, sometimes w/o pay, at a trade or occupation in order to gain work experience
hypocrite:  a person who acts in contradiction to his or her beliefs or feelings.
Bring these points up during his hearings...4 all the  to 
Greed. No matter what they're doing, that's what it boils down to.
Thanks! Now how do we stop him? Calls, letters? How can we make our voice of opposition heard?
all @realDonaldTrump appointments will have terrible anti-labor records. They want to turn us into a slave labor market
These appointees are unworthy of the offices for which they are being named
- Stop complaining and fix it.
Thank you for staying on top of this list of scallywags.
so that makes him perfect for over site of wages. GOP doesn't care about appearance
Write on, Elizabeth Warren!!!
he is a putz!
Are you testifying against Sessions ? You know who he is and how dangerous he is
drag him
