@GKMTNtwits  Tom price is male, pale and stale yuck
lmao, whatever public school you attended owes your folks an apology
private schools here 
then you're folks are owed a refund
my hedge fund is getting even richer off trump so they can keep it, no worries -- luv the swamp !!!
Thank you Senator Warren for asking Price the tough questions.
You are awesome! You were like a pit bull standing up for us. Price will be a disaster for our #healthcare issues. Great job!
obamacare has been a flippin disaster, skyrocketing rates and deductibles
For you, you can't speak for everyone
@KateBlackDC OMG. HE IS THE DEVIL!!!
who helped you spell the big words in that whiny rant?
Young people pay fines to opt out of ACA. When sick enroll. it's not ACA, it's selfish people disrespecting seniors. Disgusting
Not really sure you totally get the ACA.
Price's plan will be like paying for each standard feature on a car.Picking plan you can afford may not include brakes
yes that is going to really stink. I suspect it's eventual failure may do more to push for single payer.
Wait and see.
hey Sen Warren, why don't you tell your supporters what you think about OBAMA releasing a TRAITOR
I agree! Obama should take action against someone who so openly worked with the Russians to destabilize our government!
Russia Russia Russia..get over it! We're talking about US military personnel committing treason & going free
So we should hold US military personnel to higher standards than elected officials? And 7 years in prison != going free
Hey Hillary should be in jail as well as bill for what they did in Arkansas. Nobody should be above the law
Nobody should be above the law.  If nothing else, I'm behind you there.
@Varidienne danger to public health & equality.
@Varidienne I believe we are beyond logic and truth
This greedy self serving rat is a misogynist and hate filled creep. Not fit to serve in any capacity especially HHS!
be more specific? Just because you say it is so doesn't mean a thing. You have a habit of stretching the truth.
Again more lies. This a very dishonest Politician. Drain the swamp of negative liars like her
not qualified!
so sayth you. Where is your proof as you are TOO dishonest to take word for.
is this all a joke? How can this guy even be considered?
Obama syphoned millions more $$$ from Medicare and used it for nepharious purposes; YOU didn't say anything about it,and endorsed the action
He makes me sick.
help us
You were amazing today. Thank you so much. So appreciate you!!!v #saveaca.
Equal rights for all! Thank you for taking yet another stand for we the people. #blockprice #priceiswrong
Great pre-historic choice!
I champion ACA repeal, forgot I am only a nobody to you and I don't count
stop wageing war..work to make a better union
like the south did when they Lost too
the problem is ALL of these people in DC are so in debt to groups, causes, & money, that they all are full of shit
#fakenative
@KateBlackDC who cares abt LGBT(do what u want), PP is NOT best 4 woman,com cntrs OUT#PP 20-1 and R BETTER! #RepealACA NOW! #MAGA

that's a Pence pick if I've ever seen one.
I think of all of the Cabinet nominees (who are ALL incompetent and unqualified) Price, and the EPA nominee, scare me the most.

-Does no one in you inner circle tell you what a whack job you are. They are family. Just sayin.
Price may have met letter of Law, very shaky/sly on Spirit.Lawmakers must follow both. BE HONEST!
Go tie yourself to a totem pole Pocahontas! Too bad your parents never taught you manners.
Please keep up your good work. We need you
Keep fighting the good fight. WE SEE YOU. @SenWarren
Elizabeth, why don't more people listen?
While Democrats refuse to admit #Rigged primary full of #Collusion #ElectionFraud against your own party memeber
@DemsTalk    I'm soooo thankful for you.  One of my heroes 
you are an insult to Native Americans.
Health Savings Accounts will not be sufficient!
And he does insider trading.  What a guy!
keep it up
great questioning of him today. Thankful for your voice in Washington.
he also violated Senate finance rule, Stock Act.
You lie Fauxcahontas - you have sealed your fate, you are officially out of biz making money off lies regarding women/LGBTQ healthcare
Pocahontas, the election was about repealing Obamacare. Affordable was never a word associated with that crappy legislation
. @SenWarren holy cow such a liar #fakenews #FoolOnTheHill
She is looking at his past work w/ Pence.  That's no secret. Do some of your own research & verify.
"improvements" "women's care" "discriminate" LOL Do you even believe the crap you say?
kettle, meet pot.
@mch7576 voting matters!
@MPierce47 rmbr birth control is a regulation that the HHS Security can over turn at any time.
but I'll bet he's against people falsely claiming native American to get a job.
Keep throwing your bullshit lies at the wall hoping it sticks
Warrior Goddess!
the major thing he did u didn't point out. I am right wing, but he shouldn't be buying tobacco stocks haha. That's insane
Sounds like pence. #df #theresistance
you are a liar and a fraud, Elizabeth Warren!  You have no credibility!
Keep fighting Elizabeth! You are awesome! Wish we had u in Canada.
@sherrilee7 don't confirm him please!!
Pure Republican ! And a perfect Donald Man, sad to say. Your Job is Not Easy, I respect your Effort and Your work for Americans
He sucks. And he will get pushed through. I feel like I'm living in a nightmare.
Go get him!! We are behind you 100%!
The only agenda for the @GOP is to make $$ for their friends and themselves.
This new administration scares me so much! Pls keep fighting for human rights. Save our country
The ACA has higher poll numbers than DT, so we should repeal Trump instead of repealing the ACA.
Keep fighting
thank you for leading the charge against the Trump #deplorables
and domestic violance
Go Liz
He will still get confirmed they all will,  against the better judgement and the will of people
did I hear him correctly he'd put preexisting cond patients in a high pool? How will anyone afford that?
They can't they're #deathpools
I have a son who is 16 with a preexisting condition. This isn't right.
Fight to block his confirmation--it's a must be done fight!
Another "winner" in the Trump Cabinet of Absurdities. Each hearing is worse than the preceding one. Don't know how you stomach it
Do LGBT people need different heath care?
Tom Price mentioned High risk pool. Worst possible Insurance

@robdelaney Just wondering who this person is married to? How much does he HATE his Wife,Mom and Daughters?
Sooooo, what you're saying is...he's not a great dude.
Women's health care should not include abortion,  aka baby murder!
@SenatorIsakson @TheDemocrats @RepTomPrice D's didn't discrediting Price credentials.D's ? his opposites, poss inside trading.
I don't believe you to be honest because you are a fraud. Pocahontas!
Go Get Him, Senator Warren!
u r despicable! Not even lady enough to shake hands! Get use 2 losing for the next 8 yrs. demos have sealed their fate
Keep going Liz ! We the people are counting you ! Kick some Arse ! <3
Was for me and millions of others.
as you tweet from your 2 million dollar home, Cadillac Healthcare plan, and est. net worth of 10mil.
Sure 
The real Q is well any of this be more than a paper exercise?  Can @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems actually stop these appts?
@VileEpiphany @SenWarren @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems  Exactly!
Stand firm Senator Warren and push them hard! Price has no idea what he's doing.
- he's a danger to anything that is working for Americans! We need care for all Vets and seniors! DO NOT ALLOW HIM INTO THIS SEAT
- 
Thank you, Ms. Warren!  Bless you for keeping up the fight and never giving up!
Another weak pick of Trumptonian proportions!
Stay strong!
Thank you for your work in helping ordinary American citizens defeat this nightmare of an administration
Tom Price sounds like a bit of a dick.
you got it, interpretation correct.  Ortho surgeon, biggest dicks out there.
All out for themselves, keep fighting, were behind you
Lizzy, the Harvard bankruptcy law professor is worth $10 million. #DeVosHearing @SenWarren
And your point is?
ok we get, you are against everyone of Trumps cabinet appointments. Maybe some of your Native American relations would be better.
stay strong... Thank you!
Tom Price will fit right in that swamp.  He will make the muck muckier and virtually ooze corruption!
Funny.. you don't know that. Did you have a problem with the Obama administration? Full of corruption
I dare you to list actual corruption.
And woman, do yourself a favor. It's called research. Can't believe you didn't know 
Bull and bull some more. Corruption, my ass. Better practice yer' Russian. Donald is Putin's pool boy
@RepTomPrice   CONNECT THE DOTS TO MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AND THE REAL CHEROKEES ARE LOOKING FOR YOU TO FESS UP
Keep going. The more you talk the better his chances!
please keep the good fight going. Betsy DeVos has treated this as a joke let's make the joke on her please block her!
And your "Golden God"  living in his golden palace has your back? Yall to funny.
She thinks it's funny to make fun of people because of the color of their skin
She mocked Warren for PRETENDING to be a Native American when she's Caucasian. Dont exaggerate
He sure as HELL wouldn't get my vote!Thanks for holding them accountable and setting the record straight Senator!
It's going to be a long 8 years for you too Sen Warren.
To say nothing about allegations of Insider Trading.
So glad you do your homework.  Go get em
