Sen Warren : #WellsFargoCEO Sloan At best you're incompetent,at worst  you're complicit,either way u should be fired
What could have been... had the correct President been elected:

Wait... I thought it was this guy who kept Hillary from winning?  Trey Gowdy - shit and run!
Damn it's a sad day to see my representative leaving Congress...
He lied right there in his testimony before congress. Isn't that illegal? Shouldn't he be headed to jail for that alone?
Oh Pocahontas you're just mad you didn't get your cut .
We need more voices in DC like Sen. Warren speaking out for America's working people. Well done!
I like the passion but what about our $20T in debt? Social Security shrinking. Healthcare crumbling. Tax cuts nowhere. Deficits growing? WTH
Shh, we have to keep shoveling more money to the military.
The military is what keeps us safe, so yes of course we need to give them the money they need...
Because of the fake acct’s my son lost his home and his hud apartment’s and many people lost their home.
Hello. Pls DM your name, phone #, and mailing address w/ your son's name, phone #, and property address (no acct #). Thanks. ^CK
What's this to laundering money for the drug cartels lmfao
I know a fake Indian that scammed her way, to her current position, as a senator
Madam President
Senator when will be grilling Mr Weinstein, Head of Major film Company....oh no, not your business..huh
The only person to be fired is the Fraudulent Native American “Pocahontas” AKA Elizabeth Warren, who’s farther left than Hugo Chavez was.
Did he refuse to donate to the campaign?
From
He should get some jail like the hedge funders and other CEOs got for crimes but no thats inly for little people #WellsFargo
Locked me out of my account saying need my I.D. to prove I'm me. No branch in KY. Told have to go to mortgage company which will cost me $59.79 each way. Yet they sent my bank card w/no ID. Can't get my LIFE SAVING meds. CAN'T TRANSFER, CAN'T USE ONLINE.
Fired at the least!  Brought up on charges for his heinous white-collar crimes!
How poor are you?
And you and your Democrat friends forced banks to lower their lending standards. But you and the truth have never met
How much do you make from Harvard for one class?
Fake Pocahontas should be fired!!!
I think the voters of #Massachusetts are going to fire you in 2018.
How did @SenWarren cover up @HarveyWeinstein trail of sperm and sexual assault?
I lost my house whil our country bailed these crooks out
Is anyone reviewing your concerns, Rebecka? Please send me a DM with more information, and I'll look into what happened. ^CC
I want you to go after Obama, Hillary and the other liberals for their crimes as well. Oh, and what should we do to you about lying?

#FakeIndian Alert! @SenWarren who scams Students at $350K/class grills Wells Fargo CEO for credit card scam? Birds of feather flock together https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/915253870992822272 …
What do you expect with too big to fail banks?  What kind of disincentive do they really have when there are no true consequences. If this was a small town bank, the charter would be pulled. Pathetic that our politicians play hero in the media while they dine with bank lobbyist.
Did you lie about your heritage and profit from it?
When is there going to be some ACTUAL ACCOUNTABILITY for both Wells Fargo, and those who only give them a slap on the wrist?
Thank you for saying what we all feel - he and others in the position of power should be fired, fined and jailed.
Sen Warren please have the same passion fixing our $20T in Federal Debt. High taxes. Minuscule Soc Security returns. Broken healthcare. @CNN
wasnt john stumpf the ceo when this happened? didnt he resign already?
If he’s guilty of massive fraud, build a case, put him on trial. Why do these folks never face jail time?
what they did happens in every large bank, if sen warren cared, shed lessen regulations making small banks viable again.
Really? Fraud? Every day in every large bank? So @WellsFargo only ones dumb enough to get caught? Still doesn’t make it right.
agreed. but yes, the sales goals for tellers etc is absurd.

ill say this-i worked in large banks, everyone i know shrugged&said 'of course'
You said you were part Indian and made money off of that claim
I don't like her generally on liberal principle, but I agree with her here and on Equifax. Guess we need the pit bull.
Hypocrite
.
Why not jailed?
We need as much scrutiny of wealth building habits of the political class...fraud, extortion, pay-to-play, insider trading, front-running...
gun running, tax evasion, drug trafficking...  You all kind of suck and really have no business judging anyone else's professional conduct.
You know the real truth behind CEO s that put  unarealustic goals and  pressure on employees to benefit themselves: they don'tcarexcustomer
Lose his job, be fined and jail time.
Look at Pocahontas being all high and mighty!! You never have had a real job!!!
Forget firing him, how about a massive fine for WF and serious jail time for him and his accomplices? It's time to hold them all accountable
I agree fire him and fine him and cancel his golden parachute.
Tim Sloan should be fired immediately.
Elizabeth's you shouldn't be talking about millionaires after all you are a millionaire
Someone please tell me why this woman isn’t running for POTUS in 2020?
I guess she feels more effective in the senate?
We should do the same thing to politicians
Yes, he should.
Keep up the fight to keep these corrupt bankers in line. Thank you for what you do!
That guy has a lot of nerve.I agree with you 110 percent,they should force them to pay back all the Stollen loot,throw them in jail for 8yrs
Why is wells Fargo even in business?
Fraud. Fight a real fight. Like the corrupt government you’re a part of. That’s from your own Boston Herald.
He should be in jail
And jailed
He should be imprisoned! Financial crimes need to be treated far more serious than they have been historically. Threat of prison might deter
What a bank! Our dealings=d violating Fair Credit Practice Act,telling CFPB wrong stmts,put mortgage in foreclosure&misleading job titles.
Fired? He should be prosecuted. Also did not adhere to their justice depart. settlement for illegal loans. No one cares, they're in charge.
Thank you for being a consumer advocate!  This is Bullshit the power over people.  Lives can be distroyed because too cheap to buy tech
Seriously? This guy tolerates fraud and gets rich off of it and keeps his job??? People have been fired for being late to work...what a joke
Yes he does so do eqfax and yohoo scamers and look at all the money they making off freeze your credit @SenWarren @BernieSanders @WellsFargo
Tell me again, Why is he not in jail???
Ripping them a new one is great and all, but no one is actually going to persecute these guys. So this is done to what end?
No, Senator Warren.  .
he should be JAILED!
Seems we always hv hearings when privileged white collar criminals bilk millions & very few convictions.  Actions Senator ACTIONS not words
He should be jailed and all his money taken away.
Dam...guy allows continous scandals for years but says in his defense he's been there for 30yrs.
Defending the indefensible.
People in Congress are getting rich out of insider trading.  Let's talk about that!!
You should be fired always causing trouble never to help glass always half empty
Yeah, Elizabeth Warren,     I love you.
This is why people have no respect for Wall Street or financial institutions
Absafeeaknglutely!!!
she's right!
Action. We need action. Introduce a bill.
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? Then watch this video
More criminal bankers, go get 'em Senator Warren!
Fired out of a cannon into the grand canyon
As should you. Congress is a failure.
HE SHOULD BE IN PRISON AFTER COMPENSATING HIS VICTIMS FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE!!! I'm tired of them getting off easy with golden parachutes!
We had a person in Florida that scammed the US billions of dollars in Medicare Fraud, hell he's not in jail, Republicans made him Governor!!
No @SenWarren he should be arrested if u r not calling for his arrest YOU should be fired
You misspelled "jailed"
@Julia_Jamesss
He should be prosecuted.
You stood next to Hillary while she was a criminal. Things won't change with you in charge. Hypocrite. You should be fired too.
Fired NO prosecuted under the rico act YES!

Please migrate to Australia & become our PM, Senator Warren. We need someone of your integrity, intellig. & diligence
He should be on trial
Like trump will say anything about that. Republicans are still on high for Wells Fargo.
Tireless hero.
If she runs in 2020, I will devote my life to her.
Hey Tom. You asked how people in power can do something like this and not go to jail   Explain to me why Hillary is not locked up.
ok so she “yelled” at him. she shamed him. other than calling him out, what is it going to accomplish? NOTHING, she can’t change the past 
He will be rewarded.. this is what we become
Cut the all off. A crook is a crook is a crook. They should not be trusted with other ppls money.
Nothing but whining and complaining.  You should be fired at next year's election.
NO he should be PROSECUTED!!!!!!
Not a Warren fan, but she tore up WF CEO a new a-hole. No sympathies from me for Welds Fargo. Banks are greedy and corrupt.
Heads of Internal Audit, Compliance & HR Compensation should also be fired. Board should have Audit, Conduct Review, Risk committees.
Yes,  Preach this loud & clear! What a greedy Low life White Collar Coward Criminal Thief slime ball he is! #FireWellsFargoCEOSloan
He should be in prison!!!!
It is simply wacked that the money he got is not clawed back in some way.  It’s fraud! Nice to see her wipe that smug look off his face tho!
I was hoping for tarred and feathered.
Fired? That's it? Cuz there's this thing called JAIL that exists. Just saying.
Yes! Senator Warren speaks the truth!
Lock him up Lock him up
These suckers were sneaky with me too.
He's made $$$ from all that cross selling which bumped up the stock price. His 2 million shares as u said make him$2 million w every $1 
Why don't you just shut them down period! Wells Fargo is the one of the most corrupt banks around!
Fired with severance pay plus bonus, maybe 40 million like his predecessor.  Sure is tough up there at CEO level
Yes he should be but he won't be
He should go to jail
#LockThemAllUp @WellsFargo shut the whole company down!
Fire him then. Hell you work for the interest of Americns, not political parties politics.
@disapponteddemocrat. Senator Warren playing to her base no better than Donald Trump. @warrenforpresidentnever
He should be arrested.
Tim Sloan is a great leader who is transparent and someone I am proud to call my CEO. @PROUDWELLSFARGOEMPLOYEE
What happened to jailed???
Fired and charged with fraud!
Elizabeth warren is my hope for the future and corporate America needs a wake up call
http://Pocahantas.how  many millions of dollars is your home worth and how did you aqquire the money?
He should go to jail!
fired AND jailed
Maybe true- but Elizabeth, you are a Fraud.
And go to jail.
Fired!? No prison time!?
Keep on keeping on 
Not just Fired. ALL The PROFITS CLAWED BACK, NO GOLDEN PARACHUTE, & #WellsFargo's BANK CHARTER REVOKED! PERFECT FOR #DOJ's CIVIL FORFEITURE!
You forgot @WellsFargo victims should be compensated
That Part is SO OBVIOUS! I was a Victim of one of their EARLIER SCAMS, (Never Compensated). They KEPT REOPENING MY ACCOUNT AFTER I CLOSED IT
In '05 they opened accounts in my name with no signature & a phony ID and lied to the @CFPB and @USOCC about it and both believed their lies
My family voted for Senator Warren!  We couldn’t be more proud to have such a genuine hardworking fighter for the people in MA!

#MyHeroes
Warren for President.
He should be in prison.
Thank you Mrs. Warren
Fired? Seriously? He should be in prison!!!
Lock him up.
While you were in charge of Committee which oversees financial institutions. How was your bank account during his tenure? You fell asleep.
Jailed!
That's right all seeds of corruption that does not benefit this world need to go. No excuses no exception
You need to give the money back to the college that you went to as a Indian
The ONLY TIME I CAN AGREE WITH YOU.
Why isn't POTUS terminating all the NFL players, and owners? They traumatized millions of veterans across the USA.
Almost all of Congress should be in jail for fraud.
Taxation is theft
You're the Queen of incompetence 
#
Thats your party pocahontas
He should be jailed.
You rock @SenWarren!
Shouldn’t he be in jail too?
Time for him to go!
Congressmen and senators are great at saying " what shud happen" but rarely follow up or take action. time to put up!
How about jail? I mean what would happen to me if I robbed people?
Yawn
One trick pony
@SenWarren Thank you.
But your ass still working there. See @realDonaldTrump it's your rich friends that's doing all the stealing and You want a tax cut for them.
What difference does it make you guys bailed out the banks so this is what you get. Iceland had a great idea we should arrest our government
Fired? He should go to jail
Sometimes you have to learn to listen...everything with you so confrontational!!!!!
You got rich off lies about your native American heritage.  You should be fired also.  Doesn't matter.  You are going to be voted out.
Now you know how taxpayers feel when they realize we are $20T in debt and our social security accounts are a FRACTION of what they should be
Go away,you fake Indian.
Still teaching those classes? Speaking of being fired.
Even though I agree with you I find it difficult to agree with someone that is ALWAYS so angry!!!
why is it that the more you steal, the less likely you are to go to jail?
They just got a no bid contract, didn't they? Rewarded for screwing us over.
Give 'em hell! Too bad no one gave CROOK (and tRumper) @FLGovScott hell when his co Colum/HCA defrauded Fed Healthcare $$$- #GoldenHandshake
He should be prosecuted
Hey, ur not the only show in town. U pay bk money to school u want 2 while claiming to b an Native ( Indian) That's fraud, deceit & theft.
Fired? HA! He should have to make restitution!
He SHOULD be IN JAIL!!!
Sort of like when you lied and said you were Native American and now your rich from it? Like that you mean?
Do you have the same view on Mr & Mrs Sanders?
Who does he think he is?  A Harvard professor? Preposterous!
Tell ‘em Elizabeth!!!
Elizabeth Warren, I love you!
FIRED? Should be JAILED!!!!
I absolutely agree @SenWarren! Changing the CEO of any company that has engaged in criminal-like behavior will not reconcile their future behavior!                      Until there is some criminal culpability attached to these boards, history will repeat itself - sad, but true!
Jailed really. No?
Senator Warren, why you not calling the Chair Yellen to get rid of the Sloan and all the board members involved in the scam?
They should pay back every penny and walk them straight to jail!
If I was the one committing the fraud?I will be in jail right now!They commit fraud?They get a slap on the hand and a $200 million bonuses!
Jailed
he should be prosecuted
OMG " Wrong thinking " No he should be in PRISON. Aim for what is just not just what you can get.
This all coming from a committee that help ran up a 10 trillion dollar decefiet on the taxpayers. Damn Hypocrite!!
fired or in jail?
He should be fired and prosecuted.
He should be serving a hefty term in jail! Average Joe steals a mars bar, gets a year in prison. Wealthy man defrauds the system. Nothing...
Didn’t you get rich off of a lie you told, Indian my azzzz
He should go to jail.
Fired??? His snake ass should be JAILED What is wrong with peoples thinking It’s a crime simple solution arrest him and put him in jail!
I see you're hitting softballs today.....
Because they have money and the rich protect their own. They know a lot on each other.
