'realize"
To be fair, 'realise' is acceptable British spelling.  Something tells me he ain't British, though.
Looney tunes making false statement. Stay tuned for more adventures of Warrens looney tunes show broadcasting live
That sucks big time!'!!!
Faux
Liz, You and all your fellow Senators could care less about Americans' healthcare.Last time you voted, u ruined Americans' lives!
Enroll in Obamacare and then tell me how great it is.
Amen...it should be mandatory for them to apply.The only way to understand what we face. They haven't applied for years.
R
If the ACA is so great you take it. Why not tell the people how you are   and the rest of Congress are exempt from it.

It is a must be mandatory they have  have same healthcare.We pay their healthcare. Each should have to apply for healthcare.
Thank you Senator Warren for continuing to fight for our health care.
You need a little education about this women. Watch her on cspan. She could care less about your healthcare!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHHRZXAZtck …
Excellent speech!!! Who wouldn't be impressed and think seriously? And think it over!!!!
I meant that particular speech! Didn't say anything like how effective she is!After all, she's a Democrat!Reality is too far away from them!
That's exactly what I mean!
in your feeble mind
How much do you pay for healthcare? What are your deductibles?
Thank you, Senator Warren.
For what? She is acting and good at it i must say!
Thank you Senator Warren. Our Senators do not care about us, our kids, our spouses, or our parents.  I'm from TX and so sad about this.
Absolutely right, they don't care. Why r Senators in charge of determining our healthcare?What the heck.They don't have a clue!
Lol
Senator Warren, I think you are a great woman with a great purpose, but I worry you are getting way too thin. Working too hard. Relax, eat!
This country was not founded on fascist who's only interest is lining their pockets where is J Edgar Hoover
Pitching what their party failed to do to really help the American family. Your party had 8 years and you want more? Lol
never over !I haven't had healthcare  for 20 years  since Husband died - COBRA was $1400./month for me and daughter.  McCain ok last nite
I'm really sad to hear that, JoAnn,  It is a major life worry and they have no clue how devastating their decisions have on us.
You're a great American warrior. Thank you.
Oh for gosh sakes.....do your homework and grow up.. she's a fake!
That is no way to decide the healthcare of millions of Americans. Sounds like a stupid game where the the stakes don't matter. No Plan @GOP
Exactly. They have no clue about what good healthcare is. Where are the smart experts Trump promised. Get Senators out of our healthcare!!!
Y does congress get better health coverage then we do. You should have exactly what we have and pay for it. You are not special
My opinion is that Warren is a phony, hypocritical, greedy Senator. Just watch some of her c-span holier-than-thou appearances.
Oh shut up.
If @SenateGOP votes anything in that CBO later comes out & says hurts Americans, they'll pay a major price at midterms and gen election
How can we help?
if you have a GOP senator, call their office and tell them what you think of this plan.
Thank you. I do this constantly. It's a shame you can't actually talk to anyone. Cowards
Pocahontas you're about as trustworthy and knowledgeable is the fake news that comes out of @CNN  nightly
#Putinbot
Lol
You should be held accountable for those suffering under ObamaCare, lady. How many counts of murder is that?
Pardon me .. but when you on hill have same insurance as us .. then and only then will this regestered indept listen.. period !
skank
Remember on New Years Eve when @BarackObama passed the #NDAA which allowed for arrests & indefinite incarceration & NO ONE reported on it?
*Arrests & indefinite incarceration (w/out a trial)*
I would like the healthcare plan the gov is on that we as Americans pay for --make that work
ANY WAY YOU LOOK AT IT---the health care was a total disaster from the first, now you can live with your LIES!!
POCAHONTAS, would you please STOP LIEING!!  You lie so easily that if habitual liars were put in prison, you'd be there 6 yrs ago!!
Your socialist ancestors 
Says the woman who lied about her heritage to steal scholarship money from Native Americans. #Fakeahontis
I don't get it I've never seen anything like this does it just go on forever is there no limit to how many times or how many different ways
Go girl doin a amazing job TY for you service all those agree of Firing unqualified leader of free world say I
Remember when Bush made healthcare an asset instead of a writeoff  there you go, in effort to gain tax revenue, created an expense 4 gov
True Americans did this. You called, protested, emailed, faxed you let your voices be heard. WE THE PEOPLE!
James Rosen Fox on Wasserman & IT aide
Newt on Wasserman & Clintons
The people are with you, Sen. Warren.
Government has no business in health care. #broke #ryranny
Who's paying for that health care for millions of Americans...which is rising at double digit rates until we're all bankrupt..
@SenWarren I'm not a Mass constituent, but I am an American constituent. THANK YOU for your fight for American's. You are an #AmericanHero
You can't line your pockets with cash so it's a terrible bill ,Right
Only 10 million people are covered now by obamacrap because it was a con job. you own this massive failure of junk legislation
Thanks to Obama Care, my deductible is 6,000, premium is sky high, need to see doctor but can't afford it thanks to u and ur 1 fits all scam
The American people get screwed once again how about use come up with a solution. Repeal & replace Obamacare already stop stalling
Thank you for your hard work on ACA, Americans appreciate you!
@Senwarren - thank you Senator for all that you do!
Socialized Medicine is wrong!!! Just look at the V. A., they let you die waiting to get medical assistance. You're just another Marxist .
Send this to everyone you know that care if the Republicans take away their Health Insurance. This is an atrocity. GOPs are Dumb s!!!!!!
Thanks for fighting for America and for keeping us informed. Wish all our senators cared as much as you do.
The @SenateGOP has literally lost their minds. 2018 can't come fast enough.

.@SenSanders @SenWarren You Dems R the reason America is in this insurance mess with your LIES: U CAN KEEP YOUR DR, U CAN KEEP UR HEALTHPLAN
I hope that 1 Republican comes through!  Thanks for fighting so hard to keep this bill from becoming reality!
Thank you for all of your hard work, Senator Warren!  Thanks for keeping us all informed on the details of how this bill is progressing!
Fake Indian.
You think HILERY will let Warren use her dog cage it will help with het BIG MOUTH
Thank you for keeping us informed
Repub!Please vote against taking HC from the pp. Please don't follow the Pres who is NOT doing the right thing for Amer.
Liar.

.@SenateGOP should not pass #SkinnyRepeal so the House can pass & send straight to the President--w/o consideration, hearings, scoring. 
PLEASE STOP  AND SAVE
Should we call our proctologists now?
Here's why it's happening https://www.facebook.com/TheYoungTurks/videos/10154884428714205/ …
Senator, after tonight please get some rest. You fight so hard for all of us. But we need you.
Tell me again how Obamacare has worked out for you?
Why can't we take a look at the super high cost of actual healthcare and attack it from a cost side... (ans: because you aren't that smart)
Here's the text of the "skinny repeal": https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/HealthCareFreedomAct.pdf …
#Warren2020
Liz vote for a complete repeal of that  hunk of junk ACA.
Dems r obstructionist according to the uneducated right but Republicans’ use of the filibuster as obstruction was used more than 400 times.
I cry. I cry for us all.
Bye bye commie!
Your a Kook!
the msm is distracting us with Scaramucci and ignore the healthcare bill
You don't care, you care about people staying dependent and POOR!! All I want is AFFORDABLE!!!!
There are millions in middle class who don't qualify for subsidies desperate for healthcare insurance.  Don't forget them, not the poor
#RepealTheGOP
#IAmCharlieGard
AmaZing the multitude of Americans who buy your BS
Healthcare would be great for those who need it. What you are promoting is expensive health ins...and it's subsidised by us, so we pay twice
Does this mean I won't be getting my $2500 in savings I was promised....???
There should be a bill that all of government employees use the same healthcare.
Thank you @SenWarren - sent messages to Sen Cruz and Sen Cornyn.  Can't believe this craziness and the pain and dalth that will be felt.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for all you do on behalf of Americans. I am in awe of how you stay optimistic in this vile political time.
Sounds like Obama care
@SenWarren, @tedcruz, @JohnCornyn I implore you to consider millions of citizens will be FATALLY affected by you decision. Please Help Me
Free health are for millions
How......
What about healthcare for me. I would lime to retire at 62. But I can't get Medicare that I have been paying for all my working years. Why
It's almost FUNNY to watch your desperate lies!
Any bill that takes affordable health care from any Americans when alternatives won't do that, is a crime against America!
Could you please move to North Korea, you do nothing or help any Americans here.
Why are we at this point of out of control prices & terrible coverage? Easy the Dems passed OC & it was terrible! U own it fix it
Can't listen, scares me. The fact they could bulldoze this through is unconscionable. The ACA should be fixed. Medicaid expanded.
I could afford my company's health insurance before the ACA. Now, it's triple the cost and the deductible is more than I can meet in a year.
If you hold her head & hands still can she talk?
People wake up it doesn't matter what party your in. The Republicans are against the middle class.
If the mandates are removed, then the government should reimburse to businesses and individuals their premiums back since the ACA enactment!
A very scary woman
Thank you for all you do ! Mitch MCCONNELL is an awful human being as far as I am concerned! He is just a bull running towards red#powerego
You can't be trusted. You had 8 years to fix under Obama. You did nothing and let the middle class rot. Shame on you!!
Thank you for this explanation.  Thank you for your fight.
Pocahontas, go back to sleep.
Thank you for being a voice of clarity and reason in a sea of insanity  you are a true American hero!

Why did Dems refuse to vote for Medicaid single payer amendment?
Why can't the Dems do ANYTHING at all to stop this madness????????
HELP US PLEASE HELP US. YOU ALL WORK FOR US. WE WANT SAME HEALTHCARE AS YOUNo LESS!PASS TRUMPCARE THATS EQUAL TO U OR WE PASS 2018/20 toDEMS
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenRonJohnson @SenJohnMcCain ANYTHING LESS THAN WHAT SEN MCCAIN HAS WILL NOT BE GOOD FOR REPS NOW/18/20 !
It's up to us? No it's up to YOU in Congress! We have called, faxed, marched, written, tweeted, even been arrested every damn day.
You act like ObamaCare is actually healthcare rather than a stepping stone to single payer. There's just never enough gov't 4 U is there?
Sounds like how we got stuck with Obamacare. No read that. It would be really nice if a democratic or 2 would vote yes. Do the right thing
YOU were there-YOU knew it was going to fail-YOU did nothing-YOU need voted OUT!
You are part of the reason why Trump is president
Swing for the fences Senator @Senwarren We're out here doing the same. I know you care and you've heard it already but, Swing! #SaveACA
Almost makes me wish I had a Rep Senator so I could call to insist they vote NO on this bill...almost.  Proud of my Sen Franken & Klobuchar!
You are to busy watching yourself and posting to know what is really going on
You should get all your Indian brothers and sisters together to fight this
Is it possible that she is more annoying than #Hillary #Maxine #NancyPelosi  & @SenFeinstein? Yes, it's true.
Here is what's happening. career politician who lies about everything including her heritage vs a real #Indian. https://shiva4senate.com/  466
Your such a joke Elizabeth! Lol
Power words
Madam Bozo, Did you ever serve in the military?
Health care for all is not the goal they want. A tax cut for the rich is.
I don't have Republican senators to talk to @senorrinhatch  doesn't listen 'cause I'm not in Utah, while he sits in Ted Kennedy's old office
Thanks for the breakdown! Appreciate your work.
I think as bad as this sounds u all should let them pass it then hang it around their necks. The public has to feel pain b4 change. Toughluv

The House will promise to go to conference. Conference will fail. Then this terrible bill will be law. Senators have to own their votes.
I guess you should have been a little less pragmatic and a little bit more principled and backed @SenSanders.
Ty @SenWarren for what you're doing! Thanks for keeping us updated!
It's time the dems and republicans work together to find a better system.
Thank you thank you thank you.
Liar their has always been a way that all get healthcare regardless of ACA! You and Dems are getting rich from it!
Ask the Gaads about universal health care.
You should of shown this much concern for the 28 million people left out of the ACA.
..., And Our Trust  Of 'balance' Has Been Entrusted on You. All Of You. That, Truly Represent Us. The Working American People. @SenWarren
The Democrats are emerging as the party of the people--All the people. Repubs should have stayed away from healthcare & bans.
Uhhh no! Obama is imploding!! Higher premiums went up 30%
And under the Republican bill they would've gone up even higher & before ACA premiums went up. FIX IT, DON'T NIX IT
Nobody's health care is hanging in the balance. It's health insurance. And how come you don't have obama care if it's is so great
Loseing All that kickback money from insurance companies has you scared , lying to america to line your pockets . Swamp monster.
Geez.  I could only take listening to you for 58 seconds. Do we have any honest politicians who can just relay facts and not drama?
I rather suspect Health Care Act and LGBTIQ issues will not matter now, given sanctions on Russia will bring its own retaliatory actions...
Healthcare is not a guaranteed right. No matter what Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders tells you
Healthcare for illegals and terrorists hangs in the balance. I say let it implode...you still have ownership, hey Lez...
#VotARama really? Just vote NO on every single amendment... #VoteNoOnAmendments 

Is that to simple to follow? I think not. STOP THE GAMES
Blah blah blah
The very existence of life as we have known it- hangs in the balance.
All I see is a vid of you spewing ur hypocrisy
Let's help the 6.5M people who paid fines for no insurance because it's far more affordable than than Affordable Care Act.
You look insane!  Please stop feeding the left more shit sandwiches, I mean they must be full by now.
just home and go to sleep,when you wake up in the morning it will all be over and you can get back to Russia then
Are you willing to be covered solely by Obamacare?  Of course not...hypocrisy
You are a millionaire, why do you cut your own hair?
What's happening is that you guys screwed us and you don't want to change!
Thank you for standing up for patients. #saveACA
Witch
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
shut it Pocahontas
For the love of God please shut up!!!!!
Where is your fucking bill ? this is the problem.. you know ACA is failing, but you DEMS do not offer any ideas to fix it ? total BS !
Are you following the process? The bill was only released hrs ago, how can they have amendments ready when weren't allowed to know the bill?
They could do amendments earlier too.. Process started 20hrs (senate floor time) ago.. Dems stayed silent/GOP gave stupid proposals
