Yet not so worried about the millions of them that are butchered in the womb or for part on abortion tables. Save your fake concerns
HAHAHAH!!!! This is so typical of the fake “pro life” argument! You only care about fetuses not human beings. #Misogyny
Halfway right. Have no concern about people who have no concern about innocent children being slaughtered if we are prolife RU anti life?
I’m anti unwanted children, anti overpopulation. I’m pro family planning and pro women’s rights.
Ok, thank you for clarifying. So you are only anti-life when it comes to babies, but only when it is convenient. Moral High-ground huh.
It’s nonsensical to equate something microscopic that has no existence beyond its host to “human life”. Human life = living independently.
Further, human life is not> any other life on this planet.our species has overpopulated its host planet to the destruction of all other life
Well if you really feel like helping out on that front...there are many other solutions. Make room for a child, you have already lived....
Maybe Ted Kennedy is not the guy to feature in a tweet this week. Or, maybe, any week going forward.
Why? He has one of the best voting records of any senator in history.
Does not have a sterling record in his personal life. For example, his involvement in events that led to rape charges against his nephew.
His nephew raped someone by himself. Ted was not there. Lots of people have probs in personal life, ghandi beat his wife & kids, for ex
TK passed great bills for working families & did a stellar job representing his state. He was also an alcoholic. I keep the 2 separate.
And, Weinstein got some incredible films made. And, Cosby made some fabulous comedy. And, Ailes and O'Reilly ... Actually, I got nothing.
Not that this isn't some difficult stuff to reconcile. It is. But, Ted Kennedy was not a saint in his private life. And, it ought to matter.
Ted didn’t rape anyone, or beat anyone up. He was a lush at best, a drunk at worst. He cleaned up latter part of life. I appreciate the work
THANKS @SenWarren for staying on-topic despite attempts by the president & inner circle to distract Americans from what is truly important.
How about you educate on what is “truly important.”   I’ll wait.
More important than - say - 45 bragging about his big IQ? The VP wasting taxpayer $$ to go to a football game so he can leave in a huff?
I wonder if folks in Texas would have appreciated some of the cash and gold Obama gave to Iran for “halting” their nuclear program.


Liz -I think we need to start an audit of all these miracle programs radical extremist democrats concocted and see how much money is skimmed
Yea, like Planned Parenthood. They receive tax dollars, then turn around & donate to democrats. Sounds like elaborate money laundering
That’s exactly what it is!
That loophole needs to be closed!
If you get money from the government,not allowed to donate to political campaigns!
#PP
Congress please act to fund the CHIP program. Millions of children's lives are dependent upon it. These kids are our future & deserve care.
Dems in Congress not going to do crap! Their goal is to try to derail our President and resist!!
Since you’re a trump supporter I guess I need to explain that Dems can’t find CHIP. Rs are the ones who’ve chosen to let it expire. They only act to please the richest 1% especially their donors.
Spoken like a true demofu**! Always blame repubs!!
How many of the 264 sexual harassment cases settled out of the Congressional #PayToPrey #ShushFund were to cover Ted Kennedy? I'm guessing quite a few...
and Dodd too I presume
Heard it was the Democrats that voted down CHIP funding
Mary Jo Kopechne's children were unavailable for comment
You should have someone translate all this kind of stuff into Cherokee for you.  It may help you understand it better.
OMG OMG 
YOU WIN!! Best smack down of the day!!
Thx for the 
Your actually trotting out Mr Chappaquiddick out?? Wow, must be desperate.  In case you forgot he killed Mary Jo Kopechne and got to plead guilty to leaving the scene.  WOW.
He's dead! Talk about desperate!
So is Mary Jo Kapechne.
Rumored anyway.
I hadn't heard that before. 
Flat out lie
NOT TRUE!!!
Medicaid recipients are at risk because Dems expanded the program to healthy adults that are able to work


If only we could have aborted even more children - then health insurance would not be an issue.........
All that money from FED  stolen and divided up. How about all on the Hill in their Million  $ homes,  put your stolen money back to the govt.  You make me sick.  Trying to change subject wont work.  Barry STOLE subsidy money for poor.  Where did you think it would come from now?
And the test of any political party, is if it’s leaders leave people to drown or lie to advance financial & social status.

And the campaign to keep Franken is launched
https://www.conservativereview.com/articles/there-it-is-democrats-now-want-al-franken-to-stay …
and Obamacare has exploded in costs - please go home, retire, quit, stop spreading false propaganda
Why do so many members in Congress & Senate hate the: poor, elderly, children, etc.  Keep up the good fight!
574 tweets. Leftist troll
Except I am not a leftist.  I am a centrist.
This is the lowest low ball tweet you ever did...
And you pulled some zingers of late!
My state covers its kids. What’s wrong with your state @SenWarren ?

OMG, OMG We’re all gonna die!  The tax cuts, the beloved obamacare...oh the humanity!
Isn't this guy a murderer that sexually assaulted women?

Well Ted killed someone soooo....
So the main advocates of CHIP back in the 90s were...

- Hillary Clinton 
- Ted Kennedy

And you chose the lush who murdered the least.

Well played, #Pocahontas...well played.

#MAGA #AmericaFirst #TRUMP #CHIP #TaxReform #TaxCuts #TaxBill #MondayMorning #MondayMotivation
Squaw, how about some references instead of theatrics.  Oh, wait.  You have no references.
Hey Hey Heyaaa heya hey !!! Unaffordable care cost many blankets and horses. This white eye speak with forked tongue.
How many babies will die through Planned Parenthood?
Is it really a good idea to reference Ted Kennedy, a Murderous Alchoholic, 
and sexual predator? 

Bad move Liz. Your lies aren't sticking so much, huh?  #Desparate #Sad

You could always step into the Light and #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Mary Jo got the ultimate slut shaming.
Then parents need to step up, quit enabling them.  We all know you have enriched yourself off of keeping Americans poor.
Didn't he murder that poor young girl and left her to drown in that underwater car wreck? The guy was a  creep and killed her. Unreal you pulled him up from Hades... good fail though.
Liars , one dead one almost dead
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh oh my gosh the poor children Hey Lizzy how about the kids that get kidnapped and sold into sex trade and then congress get to play in that pool.. Do these kids count? Skippy @johnpodesta is Ur Kid dealer...
As I understand the issue, it is YOUR party blocking the bill
And middle class Americans pay 10K + each year to be in Obamacare which they can't use because of the deductibles. Good God @SenWarren  you are so out of touch with everyday people in this great nation.
Lol!! A Kennedy??? The one that killed an innocent woman?? Good job, Liz 
You socialist should have left healthcare alone in the first place. We know it was designed to fail and lead to single payer. 
But your attempt to rig the election failed, so No Hillary, No Single Payer 
Now kindly take the DNA test, Fauxahontas
OMG! You're actually using HIM as a symbol? LOLOLOLOLOLOL!
Didn't Ted Kennedy murder a woman in '69? Didn't he collude with Russians to try and defeat Reagan in '84?
Didn't he drunk drive, killing his passenger bc he was too politically connected to call for help? She drowned slowly bc Ted Kennedy was a punk ass, scared to take consequences. FO
Children's lives at risk.........Democrats daily fund the murder of unborn children.
The drunken pol who left a women in a car in a lake to die.

You can sure pick your spokespeople.
Lizzy, Shouldn't that read: Another branch of the liberal indoctrination plan collapsing.
TAKE THE $$ THE GOVERNMENT GIVES TO PLANNED PARENTHOOD AND GIVE TO STATES FOR KIDS HEALTHCARE. YES, I AM SHOUTING!
Here's a neat idea.....if you can't afford to feed, house, clothe and take care of medical needs of children, perhaps you shouldn't have any. In laymen's terms: If you can't feed 'em, don't breed 'em. 
You're beyond one sick pathetic puppy. Heres some "old news" for ya. What about YOUR BUDDY QUEEN KILLARYs  kids????
The #ACA threw 40 Million Americans off Health Insurance and then fined them for not having insurance. So STFU!
This is FALSE. CHIP has long been funded before ACA. CHIP does not need ACA to sustain itself. Stop the scare tactics.
Stop lying
Alert doctors of Audiology put out of work due to your lack of knowledge of hearing health Elizabeth.
I couldn't listen to the traitor murderer and I already have a brand of scotch...
So glad he's no longer with us
im really sick of your lies and theifing u need to go get serious counciling
Ted Kennedy is a womanizing alcoholic murderer disavow immediately
Yeah, it's the democrats that are holding it up by demanding amnesty be tied to it.  Nice try, Fauxahauntas.
Wait!! didnt he abandon a young lady to die by drowning????   YES HE DID!!!
What about the middle class who are getting killed by high deductibles@and increasing cost of premiums. You guys on the left are really disingenuous
Senator Orrin Hatch created that program and Dems Clinton & Kennedy have taken credit for it since it’s inception.
Great.  Now a dead Kennedy - murderer is the voice of the DNC. 

And that’s why I will never vote Democrat again
They will do anything
Pulling a womanizing date-killer out of the dead files to promote your cause? Pure .
Oh please, pocahontas! U know darn well if ur girl, HRC, would have won, she would have raised taxes and put us more in debt, then we already were.
Hey...  you know who passed CHIP?  Republicans...
Hey...  isn't that the guy who MURDERED Mary Joe Kopechne?

You are simply #LYING. You gin up support for a false platform and lead people to further darkness. You are despicable!
What about all the missng children in DC, Elizabeth? And from other cities around America. What about those children?
9 million Daca's or jus plain illegals..?... where do you actually practice your thinking that everyone is Dumb!?
Democrats voted against CHIP, Liawatha. 

Ted Kennedy cowardly left Mary Jo Kopechne to drown in his car. Not taking moral cues from @TheDemocrats. #Chappaquiddick
Ted Kennedy let a woman drown and colluded with USSR.
He left a women to drown in a car, went to a party had a drink, then went to bed!
You have got to be kidding me?  I think Mary Jo Kopechne might disagree with your choice of a front man.  Jesus you people are somthing else.
Hey that's the guy who killed Mary Jo Kopechne
Warren, you should pick your hereos more carefully.  What's next, a picture of dictator Pol Pot?
Didn't the Democrats just vote against the CHIP program?
The Icon of the modern Democrat party.
Entitled. 
Sexually perverted.
Subversive.
Authoritarian.
You are disgusting!
Really disgusting!
Teddy didn't try to save her nor did he call the police! He left her to drowned and went home to sleep! I don't know any human being who could do that!! Not one. #WhenTheyGoLow they kill!
What is the difference between CHIP and Obamacare?
That dude left a woman to drown in his car
He's a murderer the Democrats protected for decades! Shame on you Fauxahontas!!!
Yeah ask Mary jo Kopechne about good old boy Russian consulting Ted Kennedy about being a stand up friend to females....oh yeah you can’t because she was killed and good old boy teddy got away with it
Pocahontas desperately needs an intervention.
I have a Q, S. Warren, why did you allow the most corrupt politician in the history of America to be the face of your party? If you are unhappy with American's choice, you & your corrupt cronies have no one to blame but yourselves.  #MAGA  Clinton was a joke! And is quite ill.
What about the SLUSH FUND ?
Your soul is rotten. He left a woman to drown...and didn't call for help. #metoo #democratswaronwomen
Why don't yo do some bipartisan reaching out and vote for the Tax reform as an act of good fait for the CHIPS program?
Said the guy who supported killing them in the womb and left someone's daughter to drown in an Oldsmobile.
#CHIP isn't at risk - they're trying to get offsets from the wealthy people on Medicare - you lying #Fauxcahontas.

Oh, there's that alcoholic murderer who ruined the wages of America's poor to benefit his corporate cronies.
Kennedy killed someone’s child
Using a Serial Sexual Harasser (Google: Waitress Sandwich) as a spokesman for the "Children".... Priceless!
Mary Jo Kopechne was an American teacher, secretary, and political campaign specialist who died in a car accident at Chappaquiddick Island on July 18, 1969, while she was a passenger in a car being driven by U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy.

Ted Kennedy clips? Ummm.
You mean the illegal  subsidies to insurance companies are at risk.  #RetireWarren
It's under control you freak

He murdered his mistress
We miss you Ted!
I'm sure Mary Jo Kopechne's parents don't miss him at all.
Or his dead brothers.

I mean, Ted's assailant did lose hiss balls before pulling the trigger.
Ted you were around forever how did you care
Congress is led by a baffoon who could care less   It is a shame.
Rhetoric  no government  agency is going to  get cut Medicare
I'm glad that murdering rapist is finally dead, why would you show his filthy face on your tweet, do you support murdering rapists?
This is BS. Watch out for the words "could be. That means Warren doesn't know.
The GOP needs to know parents pay for this based on income! There are different levels of Chip based on income! Cheeto needs to be removed!
Well he will be right after his second term
Lie ! Pocahontas
I recognize him, the guy who left his GF in car underwater to drown.
His words might be credible to me had he not let that poor young girl drown. He was another hypocrite politician
Trump is right now trying to destroy Obamacare thru executive order please stop him....
It needs to be obliterated in entirety!
You are no Ted Kennedy he would probably  a Republican  now @NeilyaSmith
Same old play out of the Marxist Democrat play book.
Go home
This Evil woman would NOT know what Children need she still thinks SHE is relevant NO ONE CARES ABOUT HER OPINION
so u post "how it cares 4 it's children" had to stop there. using a man who while drunk drove into water and KILLED someones daughter?
Fauxcahontas, everyone knows you don't have a noble bone in your body, just tell us what your take is $$
Ted Kennedy led to the death of his girl friend and left the scene drunk. It is world than groping or sexual harassment
Stop the mad man in the The Whithouse!! He is ruining our country! #impeachtRump
Stop the expansion of the welfare state.  The Democratic platform is ruining our country!
You pick a drunken murderer as a mascot. You're one classy lady.
You're so concerned about children's health but don't have a problem with them being killed in the womb, or in many cases, exiting the womb!
That's a really good one Jonathan

You post a video of yet another dem rapist/ sex assaulter/murderer & u don't condemn Weinstein , Affleck, W. Allen w resist? Protest!!
Ted Kennedy was a hypocrite, just like you Liawatha!
Ted Kennedy didn’t allow Mary Jo to receive health care...
What happened to her health care?
Mary Jo Kopeckne didn’t get to use her health care when Ted Kennedy left her to drown.
You need to pass it to see what's in it!
won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment women's rigjts environment race freepres
#Trump is too busy protecting Russia and violating everyone's constitutional rights
Trying scare tactics again.  Come on @senWarren get on the #trumpTrain and #MAGA
This needs to be stopped asap
They're too busy Babysitting the Prez! Sad!
Gees, that’s terrible. I guess Planed Parent Hood missed a few. Get on that Mz Warren..
Your Sooo right, how many are dead? We lost R health care a year ago, dam costs were $1500 a month. You can fix OB Care, we need help pok-a
How I miss him in the Senate.  He would have put "turtle face" in his place.
In today’s climate, he would be the first one drubbed out of Congress for an enormous number of harassment complaints.  He would make Weinstein look like a saint.
These tweets age so well 
"9M children could be left uninsured"
Minnesota kids ARE uninsured,not "could be"
Half the states run out of $ @ year end
#CHIP 1st,not DACA
Senate Dems & moderate Repubs who want to save the program, should walk out & demand action on this. Let all in the US & world know.
Thanks for your hard work. The media isn’t reporting on this. If we don’t fix healthcare, it will be the next financial meltdown.
This is a travesty
I see all those children in California...all toddlers...from Mexican parents. It breaks my heart. Mexican government is crooked.
These people are so pro-life but they don't care if Millions of children go hungry.  How pro-life is that?
Let their parents go to work and get insurance the right way
Raising old dead drunk rapist out the grave for your cause?
Really aren’t they more interested in NFL tweets , playing golf with POTUS , tax cuts for top 1%.
I miss him.
Who, Teddy the killer?
When are people gonna realize GOP don't care about others children they c -$ instead of a human being in need why did this happen Dems snooz
But #TaxCutsForRich
The GOP only cares about the unborn. Once the child is born, they could give a s..t
GOP is so mean, if only the Demo-rats could abort all of them. “Problem Solved”
What kind of moron doesn't care about Children's Health oh yeah that one
I read something yesterday that stated Republicans only care about children until they are born. So true and very sad.
PR is in need of 40th boots on ground, heavy equipment 2remove debris/concrete/appliances from roads-what the people are unable to do. Help!
LoL you are a sick Dem
yeah because that guy really cared about other people.  NOT
Terrible what Obama did isn't it?
to do something for me fix my new idiot
The world is watching and won't forget this Intentional despicable behavior from the GOP. 9 million children? Fix this GOP! Now.
GOP can't fix it! They are having to battle the Obstructionist dems!!
If that is the case America is not a great nation
Another high integrity democrat.  But we overlooked this murders action.  As long as you weren't the one in his car in the lake.
Let 'em eat cake
I can't believe there are no hospitals that give medical treatment to children who have no insurance or underinsured. Americans are selfish!
REALLY?  I donate to St. Jude's Children's Hospital every month.  How about you?
Vote for the healthcare replacement .  Vote Diehl get rid of this nasty woman
EVERYTHING is at RISK!Sen.Corker is the ONLY Sent addressing the real issue
It’s really hard to listen to this Chappaquiddick loser. He wasn’t concerned about the health of the woman who drowned.
What can we do to make sure this doesn't happen
This is not the America I was taught about in school
#GOP = Geriatric O' Pinions
things must be getting tough ur bringing out the old dead drunk
Unfortunately, the Republican party has lost it's soul to Koch/Mercer and the 2%
And the DNC lost  it’s soul to the FBI, HRC, Steele and Collusion to change the outcome of an election. It’s called subversion and treason.
Ted Kennedy = sexual predator, murderer, & proven Russian collaborator that conspired to overthrow the 1980 & 1984 elections.
What part of his speech about insurance for children do you disagree with? This is all about CHIP not a dead man. Duh!!!
What is Ted Kennedy best known for.
Being a senator from Massachusetts. What part of what he says in the video do you disagree with?
