By this, of course, you mean taxing dead people's assets which have already been taxed upon being earned.
wrong Mike. Until sold Bill Gates assets untaxed.
I earn money. That money is taxed. I use the taxed money to buy an estate. The value of that estate is then taxed again upon death.
Even if you take a Family Farm, raising the estate tax exemption can allow the family to keep operating it. Untaxed capital gains is the key
To simplify, double-taxation aside, my position is this is not a tax the Fed government should impose. It should be zero-leave it to States.
Not sure what you're referring to...jazzymorgan1311. Care to clarify?
Leave it to the states....True Trumper remark.  Confusion state to state, unifying the country?  Not a chance.
Repeal the #estatetax? Why? So the rich get to keep all of their money in the family after they pass and not put any back into economy.
They already paid taxes on the money.
What happens is  the ultra rich just keep on collecting more & more while taking advantage of all the loop holes, less in economy over time
Over time the middle and poor class keep on carrying the burden with less & less creating a bigger divide in the classes making us peasants
The rich have failed time and time again to uphold their end of the trickle down economy as they claim. Estate tax is a big part in that
Ending the estate tax only helps keep the ultra rich families from gathering more and more money and power over the rest of us.
Why do you see yourself as powerless?
Hmmm let's compare my ability to lobby, own media, and buy out votes & fund election vs. Ppl luke Koch.... 
Seems about right for trump and republicans and trumps good friends. I have no job so go ahead with that.
That being the case, you pay no significant taxes.
But I am starving now.
Sorry Rob.
No worries. I take life one day at a time. And I do believe that ignorance is bliss.
We should have some happy people in America right now then:)
I am very happy. And I pray we have no earthquakes. Trump might have to come visit the mess weeks after.
please don't let GOP tax us into another depression!
And they're lying to us, saying ending the state/local tax deduction will only hurt you if you're very rich. Whaaat?!
Blue states will not be able to justify personal income tax rates by saying, "you can deduct it on your Fed Return." Backdoor thievery.
And any small business did you forget that part.
Assume we did’t already have this deduction. How would you justify it? It transfer $ from low to high tax areas.
Inconsistent how? The state that gets services should pay for them, not transfer some cost to other states via a federal tax deducion.
I asked someone else the same question. What do you mean by "get back"? Defense spending included? Only $ spent in or directly on NYS?
Dont forget about the elimination of alternative minimum tax. Big hand out to the wealthy
I'd gladly keep the estate tax if it meant keeping the state and local tax deduction
Sounds to me like PITCHFORK TIME!
KMA you liar and fool
That's what the republicans have always been about, any arguments????
I hope your a Cleveland Indians fan since your pa pa was one.
Not okay
What is the Democrats plan?
http://Democrats.org  short version: 1 make the rich pay their fair share 2 maintain: safety nets, integrity of our gov, laws & security
The increased standard deduction more than offsets the state/local tax deduction. #confused #liberal
Legislators must rebel against this unfair treatment of the less wealthy
Thought democrats wanted to illiminate deductions? Now you want them?  That system is not fair for all.
By handful of rich families, Senator Warren means small business owners and family farms.
They are destroying us 99%ers and are turning us all into slaves through the economy.
About time you Blue State leeches get off the red States asses
Another MAGAT not understanding that Blue States contribute 64% of the GDP & pay more in Fed Taxes to support your failing Red states.
Yes, of those, just about 50 are fan biz or farm, but that’s what the GOP promotes the hell out of. 

#Taxreform is a scam, can’t hide it.
Answer-End state/local taxes. See how easy that was?
Then what pays for all the local infrastructure, benefits etc?
sales tax, gas tax, highway tax, vehicle tax, etc etc. the ways its supposed to be. Do you feel like there's a shortage of taxes and fees?
No. It was an actua question. Not a slam. Some states don't have state taxes so I always wondered just never looked into. Sorry to bother
We could more than cover all the infrastructure cost just with CA takes in over $8.5 bil in gas tax alone $22 bil in sales tax on and on
If dems came up with the exact bill, you'd be praising it.
Well, I doubt the Dems would back a plan serving the uber rich.
Practice!
I want to see your tax plan, Pocahontas. If you don't have one then shut up, and keep doing nothing like you always do.
I know it's great!!
Shut your lying mouth...
That's a very vicious response. Anger transference? You know, presidents are like men. If you don't see a single flaw, you're not thinking.
Vicious...after all that lying heifer has said ab PRES TRUMP...she is a Liar.. Indian...rem. And really I could care less what u think..
So I see now, Trump will turn USA into a Third World Country, State by State.
Anyone who views this tax bill as beneficial to the middle class is not paying attention. This is nothing new. This is nothing helpful.
Really?  Doubling the tax deduction is not new?  Not helpful?
Homeowners keep deductions and bigger deductions for kids. Everyone drops a tax bracket except 4 wealthy. They go up. Reduce corp tax rate
12/24k is middle class? Depending on situation now they aren't going to have a liability. This is too general a statement to show anything
I understand that. just saying that in many, many cases, those folks wont have a liability anyway and those are hardly middle class incomes
It is essentially another deduction people didn't have before, lowering tax burden. A person making 50k pays on 38k, not 50k Get it now??
Ok and if you make 30k?
Is that a serious question?
Yes
Ms. Arrogance
At some point the burden for working class will b 2 much and there will be a rising.  I tremble for the country I .
This is so disheartening.
One's gotta pay for the other. Sorry middle class!
You're just mad because it ends federal subsidization of high tax states, such as yours. Time to pay your #FairShare
The estate tax effects many in middle america who own farms/land stop with the NS rhetoric on tax. #TheFive
Exactly but liz could care less.
So you think that you shouldn’t be taxed same as everyone else!
You mean taxes again. People who bought farms paid taxes on the property and income already.
The estate income tax is meant to fall on unearned inheritances. Farmers already reduced to renters in most of country by these barons.
Explain "unearned" for me please....
It’s shocking that they are actually trying to sell trickle down economics!Have we learned nothing?!
No.
deductions are being stolen from average http://Americans.School  loans?! Others. They didn't touch Church.Don't wanna upset that contingent
Why should school loans get a deduction?
We do t have state income tax. Raise taxes on millionaire football players.
Delete ALL NFL SUBSIDIES. What a scam!
Elizabeth for the record. Do you suport the millionaire anthem protesteors? 
Of course she does. ANTIFA, BLM, the whole ball of wax...
They are wrecking our wonderful country.
I think we lived in a wonderful 60 year bubble... now the far right is burning it down.
#disgusted
Stop the drama. That's ridiculous.
Are you going to go down to Alabama and help campaign for Doug Jones
My dream is you on a ticket with Kamala Harris, Al Franken or Susan Collins. 
Collins??
Yes, in a perfect world, I'd love to see a blue and red ticket, one that recognizes but respects each other's differences, and collaborates.
If Collins had a more extensive history of crossing party lines, maybe. Beyond HC, that hasn't been very common.
And that, Sen Warren, describes in a nutshell why the "new" tax plan MUST GO DOWN.
Reason #1 the people distrust politicians...pull out the parts that will incite rage, without any context around the net effect.  It’s dishonest, plain and simple.
Capitalism, Healthcare and Democracy only for the happy few  ?
It gets rid of the state/local tax deduction for everyone, which will mainly affect your stupid socialist coastal states.
How does this estate tax repeal impact farmers & ranchers who are land rich but cash poor?  They are not the top 1% but may benefit. Right?
They want a landed aristocracy in this country.  This was the very thing the Gift and Estate Tax was enacted to prevent,.
Surprised?
Wow
Stop that crap
WTF?
What is wrong with the @GOP? They all need to be voted out! They were elected to help us not hurt us.
Trickle down is back...  unpaid for.  We all know how this shell game ends
State or local taxes are small savings for rich and you the rich have to die first so who cares about estate tax. Crooked hill still at play
Yep. Our taxes would go up in Oregon-for even the ones that voted for stupid.
Typical repub rob from poor & middle to benefit the rich. Ugh.
Sen Sanders posted this, notice that those who support Trump and those cabinet members get the most bang out of our tax dollars.
Can they pass this w/out yes votes from CA House Reps who's districts it slams?
This is a bad tweet. 90 percent of the SALT deduction goes to taxpayers with income above $100,000. Isn't that kind of not your thing?
Source:
Original #TeaParty was to ensure we were paying ALL OUR TAX to the right places. That we have DEBT; to Want Tax Breaks now your not American
Please get people focused on comparing the EFFECTIVE tax rates (taxes after loopholes/deductions) rather than the superficial tax rates.
What about HOH status?! Under this tact goes up to 12% and will have $10000 more taxable income w disabled son and minor grandson dependents
*My tax
Wrong. It benefits farmers and owners of small businesses. Dummy.
Typical Republican Terrorist activity!
Have a 401k? 

@GOP "Tax Cuts for Trump Act" will eliminate pre-tax $ going into your plan, increasing YOUR 'Taxable Income' by up to $18K.
No! This GOP is a monster awoken by an orange rude imposter
The Rs are unfair
Exactly. Huge gains for the wealthy and a few crumbs tossed to the middle class.
because that's where the illegals, who don't pay taxes, get their tax returns....
Unacceptable
a farmer is not a millionaire
Do not concern your self. We will have a plan. You might not like it
We must fight these greed covered wealthy. The middle class gains nothing. The rich gut our budget. We need senators to stand up. And us!
HELICOPTERS TO PUERTO RICO !!!! Please !
So liz you working on a plan to keep Hillary from putting her wealth in a trust to avoid estate taxes?
The rich are rich farmers and their families. They have tried for a long time & devised dodges to beat it. Like some got foodstamps even.
Can somebody please release tax returns for trump? Wheres wikileaks when they ARE needed.
YOU SEEM TO BE SUCH AN AUTHORITY ON EVERYTHING, WHY DON'T YOU DO SOMETHING FOR THE GOOD OF AMERICAN CITIZENS? QUIT PADDING YOUR OWN POCKET.
How about the #PropertyTaxDeducation? Didn't see it on #postcard bullshit piece of crap. #MortgageInterestDeduction there, but not RE taxes!
Gosh, I hate typos.... it should be #PropertyTaxDeduction....sorry Senator @SenWarren.
@GOP Repubs are hypocrites Chris Stewart was lying on MSNBC this a.m abt tax cuts right after listening to Scalia talks about GOD
Oh, God, help us. Satin has set his eye to destroy our country and the world has gone evil under his influence.
Do something
It will be the largest Ponzi scheme in the history of this country if it gets through.
Unbelievable!

EW it's time for you to go away. Not only are you visual pollution you make no sense. My fingers are crossed for you to get voted out!
They've already paid taxes on that money and when they die and leave it to the kids you make him pay taxes again that's ridiculous
Lizzie, it doubles the standard deduction which more than offsets that and eliminates AMT if it doesn't. 

How!
We ALL win right!?!?!? We need equity!!!
Yes..This trickle down tax plan needs stopped in it's tracks. It's been used many times. But has never helped American Families or the econ.
Sounds great Liz, now the people in the states deducting state taxes can now pay their fair share of federal taxes. You should be glad.
I have extensive medical expenses that I used to be able to deduct. If this plan passes, it will hurt.
So we get to pay taxes on taxes and the wealthy get to pass on wealth to children who never earned it.
We need to stand up for working families!
Time to oust Warren, does NOTHING for Am & her libtard obstruction PREVENTS America's agenda. #neverqualified #parasiteonthepeople #RIP2018
estate tax kills sm business, generational farms, & supports Dems agenda of corporations & corp farms, feeds lib agenda of redistrib of $
Wouldn't loss of state and property tax deductions wreak havoc with real estate markets. And harm first home buyers?
This will crush the middle class in the blue states. ..@KimGuadagnoNJ @PhilMurphyNJ  We have the highest property taxes in the country
So you have to be rich, to have an estate?
U forget stupid, estate tax is on everyone. Many farmers have lost farms bc, families have lost homes. Estate tax hurts all.
Oh right, like this guy?!
The estate tax 'we you die the government takes part of your estate'  that is called confiscation and its very WRONG!
#TaxReform will save Trumps $4Billion in estate/death taxes #RichForever. Make Unbridled Greed Great Again! #MUGGA
The cap for estate tax in CT is $2M. This applies to almost NOBODY except the wealthy.
Good. The Estate Tax is disingenuous as it double-taxation. Taxes have already been paid by the decedents, why should their heirs also pay?
So if i pay you some money (salary) out of profits i pay taxes on, you should not have to pay income tax?  If so, no one would pay tax.
Not the same, not even close.
Okey dokey then...
It's not. There is no reason for a child to have pay a Death Tax on their parents' Estate. NONE. It is just immoral and wrong.
Immoral?
What, Why, Can't the poor whom live on. Social Security a married couple Seniors of our age not get anything. Shame on the Republicans
You are extremely rich aren't you one of the millionaires from the millionaires club in the hill
plain and simple just one of the problems with this tax plan
#helpUs don't let this happen please
It's the middle class that getting rid of the estate tax will help.
You must pass a penance tax when this is over. Teach companies that lobbying GOP windfall thefts are short lived and come at price for them.
@GOP has two agendas and two only. Enrich the rich, screw the middle class/poor in process.

GOP just doing what their donors tell them to do. Isn't like they represent normal ppl
No to tax reform that eliminates deductions for head of household or earned income credit hurting low & middle income to give cuts to rich
So who's going to pay for all the natural disasters @EPAScottPruitt, @SecretaryZinke and @realDonaldTrump are creating by denying and scrapping steps necessary to control climate change? Passing the buck to their base who are blinded by soundbites.
Bend over tax slaves, fauxcohantus is on the war path

You left out the doubling of the standard deduction to 12/24k, which offsets this.
We don't have to keep beating our heads up against a brick wall to get Republican's interest is solely for the extremely wealthy!
Thanks for providing details that Ryan is hiding
Puerto Rico
Pure theft and class warfare
Taxation is theft. Period.
Estates of less than 10 million dollars are not taxed now. So affects people with more than 10 million to pass on. Like Koch Bros,Mercer
@MaryAliceBisho2 
Nasty miserable ways to treat The People!
"Rich" is vague. Warrren should state income levels to clarify the "handful" category
Breaks US 
Liar
distroys ACA Medicaid Medicare infrastructures 
Impeach Trump Pence
Vote OUT RYAN McConnell ALL GOP Reps sabotaging ACA
Hi - Former MA resident here...try inheriting a family farm...death tax is deadly for family businesses
Complex issue. Estate tax helps break up large accumulations of wealth. Needs to target wealthiest more effectively.
Why is Trump telling everyone else how they should be taxed when he won't show us his tax return.Do as I say not as I do?  REJECTION!!!
I thought your not supposed to be  taxed twice on the same income in this country
This is no surprise.
Can you stop it?  We can’t seem to get this lunatic out of office. We need a constitutional change so this NEVER HAPPENS AGAIN.
You are the GOP
#GOP are idiots

The deduction eliminates double taxation
So it is double taxation?  So wrong. Didn't we as a country fight about this once before?
At least explain the whole plan, this is why nobody respects career do nothing politicians such as Pocahontas
No, it only hurts high tax states like yours
Please stop them.
NO TAX REFORM until we see Trumps tax returns! Americans have a right to know the benefits to you @GOP @HouseDemocrats #ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press 
There is a link to 1 page summary and full report at bottom of first page. See for yourself.
GOP has been clear they protect the interests of the very rich and find the middle class and poor expendable.
A married couple has an exemption of $11 M.
State taxes are flat or regressive, eliminating the deduction will be hugely regressive even in moderate tax states, http://jaredbernsteinblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/fedst_ctj.png …

DO ALL I ASKED U TO DO FOR ALL PEOPLE REQUESTING ASSISTANCE. GET TOUGH. TALKING ISN'T ENOUGH. RESOLVE.
And Blue State tax payers (middle class)on average use that deduction so it’s once again Blue Stares taking 
Of the 15 states that take the most federal aid, 1 is blue. Of the 15 states that take the least federal aid, 11 are blue. Facts matter.
Sen Warren, this is so GOP of them. Thanks for your efforts.
exactly the spin we expected from liberals
But why won't you talk more about this 700 billion dollar military  budget, endless war, and this reality show you call politics?
Rewarding nepotism & wastrel children for doing nothing. Yeoman Farmers don't benefit, Barons do!
Unfair tax on its face. Why should thise dollars be taxed again and again ?
Not just rich people subject to estate tax...stop intentionally misleading people
Estate tax is only paid by people with assets over $5.45 million. So yes it does only apply to the wealthy. Educate yourself.
So, farmers whose land has appreciated significantly, but don't make much $ are rich?
How about you educate urself
Yes they are because they could sell that land and covert it into cash if they chose to.
What else would one expect from the party of the great pumpkin?
GOP plan helps min wage workers- no taxes. eliminates tax loop holes 4 rich will raise tax bracket 4 rich. Helps working moms. Simplifies
GET RID OF PRBTAXWS
How many freaking times do you want them to pay taxes on the same property???
I thought Fauxcahontas wanted everyone to pay their fair share.
And this will be paid for,  How?...
Exactly, where are the votes for this proposed debacle?...
I’m furious with the loss of those deductions, speaking as a senior citizen.
Its almost like the plan was drafted by criminals
NO! The plan was drafted by criminals.
I’m not sure you and I read the same information.....
Why do you hate farmers?
Estate tax is simply government theft, regardless of family's level of wealth.
Halleluja!!!!!
Seems fair.
His tax plan is brilliant. Unlike a certain senator in Massachusetts who think she's Pocahontas
Are we surprised that *reform* meant tax breaks for ppl who need more yachts?
Of course.  This is not a surprise.  These people are pure evil.
Donald Trump is doing a fantastic job, time for the Dems to get on board to make America great again, after 8 yrs of Obama, failed
You need to take a look at the plan before you open your big mouth!  Of course you have never had to work like farmers only to lose to taxes
Koch family?
Please keep pointing out the problems and working on them as you find them. We appreciate it
Isn't that double taxation? Immoral
I would guess for homeowners this is the 2nd or 3rd largest deduction.  So how is this helping MC families?
Liberal states screwing the rest
And it balances out the people in states getting essentially a tax benefit
Ones with no state tax.
Maybe a whole bunch of us should consider moving to Texas, Arizona, Florida and Nevada.  Turn it all blue
Doesn't Texas still have that lobotomy requirement for residency?
You may be confusing moving to Texas with Alabama. That being said, I'm pretty sure brain cells start to explode once you move into TX
My bad!  thinking of some of the stereotypes of Texas/Texans but unfair to paint w such broad brush. My Ohio has many lobotomized Trumpers
I would leave TX asap but the best I may be able to do is get to the capitol, Austin. The only blue city in a very red state. Meanwhile 
Oh gawd. Texas. #Bunchabubbas.  I so feel for you.
No this describes Ryan and GOP cohorts. I doubt Dump has read bill or even could.
Fight them!!
that is great thank you
Disgusting!
Repeal of the estate tax might not be so bad if you get rid of the lifetime exclusion and tax the heirs upon receipt of property.
Tax it All. Sadly  I'll never be rich enough to not have to pay taxes.

Estate Tax Repeal Would Be a Bonanza for Trump and His Cabinet
Trump Is Giving A $4 Billion Tax Cut To His Kids As He Takes Away Health Care From Millions
But Pocahontas, repealing the estate tax helps farmers hand down their farms from generation to generation. Didn't you know?
Trump’s Tax Plan Gives $7 Billion Windfall to One Family. His.
Trump family would get $7B windfall from estate-tax plan: analyst
Yo dawg, I heard you liked taxes so we're gonna tax your taxes so you can pay while you pay.
Ehhh...aren't you a millionaire now?
Your a phony and a liar!
So what can we do?  Public shaming the rich hasn't worked to date. @BadassTeachersA  @MassBats #Mapoli @GOP
Shameful!
AND kills AMT too!
Only a liberal would go after other people's money just because they died. Liberals are the greediest group in America.  That's a fact.
Please explain why a son should have to pay a tax after his father's death just to move into the house his father owned (and paid taxes for)
Um not everyone who is "rich" doesn't need the death tax repealed lady. Think monkey think!
Not to mention the fact that many older Americans have paid off their mortgage and need the local/property tax deductions
#FakeIndian
@olarchi Any discounts for starting an Indian Casino?
Please fight him. So many of us rely on them to stay afloat
Yup status quo for the Republicans
Screw the middle and poor
When do we get a break!!!!
How much federal tax did you pay last year?
Wht should the federal government subsidize state taxes? ,High taxes is not something to encourage.
