my family couldn't afford obamacare which had so many problems with doctors unwilling to take appts.
I swear it's like you are from Bizarro world. Everything you say is opposite from sensible.
no one wants RyanCare. He gives medical insurance to illegal criminal invaders.
This is my daughter, Annie she has Crohn's Disease.  Healthcare is life or death for her. She depends on the ACA!!! Save her!!!
God bless you!!!  Keep fighting!!!  I know I will never stop fighting!!!!
xoxo
did you speak to your tribe about saving your dying healthcare law?
Obamacare left millions paying fines they can't afford u dipshit. I hope u end up broke alone and in the worst of nursing homes
Please tell Congress about Suzannah. AHCA will kill her. Collins bill will too. I have emailed letters, tried 2 call.. she is on
@ChrisCuomo  Keep mandate 2 buy, Keep tax 4 subsidies, mandate all ins co inc plans Make affordable. Keep website Omit empl Plan
of her and have high demand of the lpns who help me. Her Medicaid bill is hundreds of thousands of $ ea year. We can't gut it!
Trump care is a bad plan. Poor and old people can't afford it.
Vote NO on HC bill.Continue support of the ACA-it's not perfect;help make it better. Stop the insanity,PLZ. We're listening and watching.
#ObamaCare is not working. It is a rip off. It favored health insurance companies not patients. #Tatiana
Less favored and more patient rights then before ACA. Changes yes Repeal NO!
so far Dems, Liz including, have not offered any changes.
Hardly in the position too; fighting the Repeal & replace is all they can do. Sad but true. #citizens speak out!
I'm 71 & I would love to kick dirt in his face oh & im on Medicare & Medicaid
AHCA is failing.  Replace it before it crumbles!
Perhaps you should come to Arizona and tell the people here how wonderful a 3,000. premium is under the ACA.
I am praying this AHCA if it passes, will not affect the zero premium and zero deductible I currently get in MA. I am 63 and very low income
Taxpayers are subsidizing shareholders of for-profit health insurance cartels, another form of #CorporateWelfare
It's a failure.  We want the ACA gone.
more liberal scare tactics Obama care stinks it's failing just like the Obama presidency did President Trump will lead us to win
I went for 8 years with no health insurance until ACA. Able to be seen now/get blood work/make sure the HX of cancer in my fam..
really you can afford it and you found a doctor that takes it
yes, I use part of the tax aid to pay my premium so I can afford. I pay doctor copay & RX copay like everyone else.
Why should we trust a Government that cant pay its bills to control our health?
stop...shut up
THE CRUEL OBAMACARE THAT PREVENTED PEOPLE FROM GETTING CARE BECAUSE THEY COULDN"T AFFORD THEIR COPAYS
Liz is a hypocrite!  Obamacare failed.  Now Dems want to blame the right!
@ChrisCuomo Start fixing Obamacare w Dems/Mod Rep Make all ins join w plans, give options, Keep mandate 4 pools & tax red deduct
In the UK I have 100% healthcare covered by my taxes. If I return to America, same level of healthcare at least $25,000 a year.
I can't believe that everything is covered. Wish I had that I might be able to lower my stress level. Stay in theUK
life support due to medical malpractice at birth. She deserves quality of life. She's survived against odds cuz I take good care.
I truly wish you had to deal with your precious ACA. Give up your plan and give it a whirl, won't you?  NOT
@Cat8lives If you don't speak up against #Trumpcare now, you won't be able forever hold your peace. He's driving us to a cliff!
I think ACA just needed interstate competition of Ins. Co. And regulations against price fixing. Regulation of pharmaceuticals
as well as regulations against price fixing of major medical testing between ins co and providers.
have you even tried to find out l how bad the ace really is. I can't afford it.
@ChosenLawyers Senator this news makes me want to cry for America!
i will not give up on it and i will do my best to not pass it :)
time to speak about trump/Russia or Russiagate. Then the entire swamp gets drained!!
@SenWarren@S

Looks good to me!
my family will lose of healthcare with #trumpcare. My husband would likely die and I would lose my pain injections
no power little Indian girl bye to acs
.@SenWarren It's going bankrupt you idiot!  And Dems' solution is to throw more money at it instead of fixing it.  We don't want govt care.
we don't want your welfare lady...we want insurance that makes sense...Medicaid is WELFARE!
thank you!!
cant afford to go to dr.our policy turned into high deductible, co pay crap
The ACA provides nothing for me it's a sick demented Law. Medicaid sucks because of it.
retire please.

donny wants to kill lunches for school kids.. he clearly has no concern about who he's willing to hurt.. !!
I'm surprised Aleppo Liz didn't call vets a bunch of BULLIES. That's her standard rebuke to men w/whom she disagrees.
and the finger wag. You can't forget the wag of the finger
<-----Fauxcohontos!!  Did someone like you out of the nuthouse again?
I agree.  Let Obamacare fail. By the time 2020 rolls around, Democrats will be extinct! @thebestcloser @realDonaldTrump
I want to have your insurance. Can I get that?
I have been but they are Dems LOL!
my family as always been against WELFARE of any kind and the ACA was doomed from the start.  Do your homework or go home!
REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
what are we the people supposed to do about this? This is why we have elected officials--to speak for us! HELP US!
I am so proud to live in MA and have you as my Senator. Thanks Senator Warren.
#trumprussia
ACA is garbage. Repeal and replace. Keep the good ideas, dump the rest. But for God's sake work together.
It's always okay when it isn't you or ur child, family, friend starving, sick, dying in the street. No ins, Hud, EPA, school food
I tweet, e-mail, call, a postcard; evryone I can to keep the ACA.
#TrumpCare is really #TrickleDownTrumpCare - a Tax Break for the Rich & "Access" paraded out instead of actual care! Save ACA plz
We're screaming. They're not listening. As usual.
1.My meds would cost $60,000 a yr if I weren't covered by expanded medicaid. I don't qualify for disability bc I am a s.a.h. mom.
2. We make too much money to qualify for SSI.
Now it's time to speak out and call you an A$%HOLE
we are!
- Time to speak out about our national debt being 20 trillion ..What are your plans to fix it ..Crickets crickets #DemocratsFail
- You are failure ... Obama added 10 trillion to our debt ... What about our children ? All u play is politics #DemocratsFail

All 45 cares about is lining his pockets which is really sad because he's already a billionaire.
Your correct speak to your families. But don't use the Sen. Scare tactics. Like #Obamacare there is a lot of good in the #AHCA
Also take note that @SenWarren did nothing to reduce the high cost of medications and deductibles on procedures which are ruining families
whats cruel os people foregoing medical treatment cause they cant afford the ACA deductables. Dems at war with working families.
speak out how? What do you want us to do to help you in Washington? Give us tactics.
And what about the vets?? Oh you dont give a shit about us as well. Get rich while we die to protect your pockets.
What we need is universal single payer. I can't afford the prices in the marketplace and was denied Medicaid coverage for my son.
. Yes speak out because it must me allowed to collapse so Warren and her tribe can put in place single payer where everyone dies
MS WARREN. if UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT so great for us peasants why aren't  U on the same plan Answer that one for us.!
if ACA great why did Dems lie.Could not keep Dr. or plan. Cancer pt's lost trusted oncologist /ca clinics where felt comfortable
Yes because thanks to the aca my healcarr cost went from 245$ a month to 1700$ a month...
For the first time I'm ashamed as an American under Trump. #Trump&GOPDisgrace
#Trumpcare Before ACA my son diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at age 5, now 30, couldn't get insurance or insulin. Now affordable
thx Pocahontas
children with autism use Medicaid. They need care for life.
Yes! My 7 year old daughter has severe nonverbal autism and would be lost w/o the services we get through Medicaid.
what about mental health issues? Country already has bad policies with mental health we don't need less assistance there
We are speaking out everyday on behalf of the millions of people in Illinois who will lose coverage and be harmed.
STOP TRUMPCARE!!
ACA saved my life when I needed brain surgery in 2014. Now I'm on SSDI and Medicare. @realDonaldTrump scares me
We are not the problem. R's are the problem trying to gift their special interest on the backs of 97% of Citizens.
Hey 'chief BS' tell your readers what Obamacare ins plan you have & how much YOU pay in premiums. You truly have zero integrity.
if you care so much about the ppl of US why aren't you doing something about judge in HI. Right getting kickback from Obama crew
Why do you want to keep something that is going to fail. This tells me all I need to know about you!
what we need is democrats and republicans to work together to find a solution. So tired of no one working together.
just saw his budget it needs major fix too many good programs r on cutting bd esp those that help elderly and the climate.
Democrats can't afford to sit on their hands. We need to form bipartisan support to repair and improve Obamacare
Keep up the good fight. America will never be great without affordable Health Care!
speak out now !!   To do for all Americans people!!!
The democrates want to make as many voters. They possibly  can. Prisoners to the gov.We need jobs. Not you crooks
support HR 676 univ health care
THEY ARE NOT LISTENING! They are not even having town halls! I am a hardworking teacher, but not as important as a company.
Because 3 lives in my home depend on Medicaid to stay ALIVE, I cannot overstate the importance of Medicaid. #disability #kids
@BrightRef And May was the time to back Sen. Sanders.
can we change #Trumpcare to #TrumpCareLess?? I think that would be awesome if that caught on. ;)
#Republicare, for real. It's their stupid plan, put their name on it.
Do not repeal ACA! Let it play out along with the health of the Lib Dems..
my mom has adv dementia.  I fear for all patients w/dementia needing long term care with Medicaid who can't speak out! Cruel.
Let's go straight to #Medicare4all.
Too caustic; imaginary hysteria.  Hyper negativity is not a leader trait nor are folks lemmings on call to jump off cliffs.
you are 100% obstructionist.  Sad old, and FAKE.
Cruel?  The example for long-lasting expression of success and leadership was FDR with social security and much more; emulate.
whose life has Obamacare ruined? Contrast with lives ruined by lack of insurance or failure to expand Medicaid.
HOW MUCH ARE YOU PAYING TO HELP PEOPLE THAT DON'T WANT TO WORK? SOME CAN WORK YA KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Warren=Indian name, full of shit...
Sure...my premiums skyrockted and deductible doubled under Obamacare. It was no value. Nice job libtards!

no to Unconstitutional #ACA - no to Fed Govt control over my PERSONAL healthcare. I want freedom of choice in my healthcare.
right stop it please
Stop preying on the ignorant
Do you support Obamacare?
it's more a Paul Ryan bill than anything
CREUL?? You are truly a delusional and dangerous person to have in public office #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts @Karen84313671
*Cruel
Trumpcare, Trumpcare 

Will kill the sick

Trumpcare, Trumpcare

The name will stick

Trumpcare
@mimizelman My son is in his 30s n has multiple sclerosis.  Started own company so he stays employed w MS. Needs ACA to survive.
And Meals on Wheels!  What the heck is wrong with that man?!?!!!!
We should call it what it is #DonTCare
It's time to speak out for our fellow Americans who need health insurance, whether or not it affects us personally! #greatergood
NOW IS THE TIME FOR YOU TO APPLY FOR OLD AGE PENSION!!!
The GOP won the house, senate and white on ACA repeal, the people don't want it, find something else and stop defending terrible policy
Why are you still in office?
my son is a healthy 27-year-old.   He pays into the system.   And has insurance.   He's used it once.  But he has insurance.
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor and all?
I had a very good healthcare plan until Obamacare came along. Government should not be in the healthcare business
Please tell our #%<€>~{># governor in Florida how important Medicaid is to our citizens!  He has been refusing!!
Visiting Colorado and just saw ad fronted by local congressman praising Repub plan's low cost and better choices. Disgusting lies
I would MUCH rather my tax $ go to health care than a new fighter jet or ship.
And would also largely prevent a person from going bankrupt just because they got sick.
It's DOA Senator...
Mark Cuban's plan would give incentive to big Pharma to actually CURE diseases instead of MAINTAINING them.
Have you heard the HC plan from Mark Cuban? Submit that as a compromise HC bill.
@MMFlint @RBReich @womensmarch Share your story with the White House: https://www.whitehouse.gov/obamacare-share-your-story …
save Medicare get rid of Medicaid as a welfare program. Repeal the POS known as Obamacare
I love ACA. My premiums only tripled and nothing is covered. It's fantastic.
just b/c I agree with THIS argument. DON'T THINK I like/trust YOU or the @DNC! @DNC conduct in 2016 LOST ME 4 EVER!
Hard to speak out when my senator is so busy tweeting about repeal & replace. They don't listen. @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn
So you are a constituent, but because you are not a company, they don't listen. Forgot tner job
Small business owner, couldn't afford insurance and went without until ACA.  Have been insured ever since.  Been lifesaver.
keep up the fight Ma'am, the truth will always prevail
UHC @myUHC won't cover test ordered by my Dr. NEED HEALTHCARE REFORM NOW! Ins Cos shld NOT PRACTICE MEDICINE=OVERRULE DR! #MAGA
trump will save us from aca
can we just stop u in your moose tracks instead?
What about universal healthcare for us?
Senator are you and your family willing to forgo your senate health care for Obamacare?
Liz if you have the answer have mass implement it, save those lives
I pay ACA premiums every month and still have to use urgent care for any issue bc I can't afford to use my health insurance
YES! My 83-yr-old mother is an activist now that I might lose my health insurance.
Yep, just like the travel ban was stopped in its tracks.
.. nope Trump train rolling.
LMAO you should take your meds

What if people said they didn't want to be force to pay for army, infrastructure, etc. because they figure they didn't need it.
change is good. You should try acting mature sometime!!
Can't you understand ..all these goodies given away are UNSUSTSINSBLE..All Liberal Rhetoric ,policy,let derive from guilt,emotion
it it important for everyone but to charge me 4 times more for insurance to pay for them isn't right and I don't get coverage
What can Democrats learn from rural America? Join discussion with Dr. Ernesto Sirolli. See TED Talk “Shut-Up and Listen”
geez u just bellow like a tugboat
your crazy lady!  My deductible is 7k!  Can't wait to dump it!
My parents take care of my mom's sister, who is mentally & physically disabled. They rely on Medicaid for her health care costs.
when we need healthcare, theres no time to shop for it! Hence, the market driving costs down is lunacy!
Shut up Elizabeth
Ryan's bill should not pass but to pretend that ACA was a good thing is intellectual dishonesty. wait you lied about heritage
why would you tell the truth to the American people about Obamacare?
often wondered if The Kuschner brother has anything to do with it
why can't this country do what every other civilized country does and provide healthcare not "access" to all its people
#Trumpcare ? More like #Trumpcareen

ACA is too expensive it is hurting me financially. Hospitals are opting out of it and doctors won't take it!
I know u r pretty much handicapped but lease do everything u can to stop it
Bill is garbage. #Healthcare - in a first-world nation -should be like public school and police/fire service. Ryan, Trump r evil.
the only problem I have with ACA is that I have to pay a penalty. Why do I have to pay for something I don't want nor need!?
to pay for others
Please stop calling it #Trumpcare it lets the creators off the hook. Please call it #Republicare . This links it to the creators.
