why do you hate America ? whyare you trying to keep our kids from a  good education? you work for the people we dont work for you
The most dangerous monopoly in the US is the public school system. Go Betsy, GO!
but youre all for a single payer healthcare system #SanctuaryCities #welfarestate #legalweed #abortion #transgendersurgery
Common core the worst thing to happen to education.
Like single payer healthcare?
u concern what a joke u and Dems have brainwash n generation of kids n teens with marxism n socialist agenda Venezuela is last proof of that
Kind of like single payer healthcare.
not at all. Completely different. Apples and oranges.   Debbie, you have not done your homework.
If it’s not making money for the wealthy, @BetsyDeVosED and the #Trump administration don’t want to know.
Yeah that's it. Betsy created the trillion $ student debt issue she is left to deal with.  Oh.... Wait...my bad.  That was the last admin
What the hell are you talking about?
Warren's letter to Betsy...and the apparent hysteria of Betsy tapping the brakes on anything
But you didn't see the same problem with respect to health care?
I thought you libs like single servicers?
is that kind of like the monopoly the aca is creating? for reference so I know what you are talking about?
We all wait until #POTUS sign the bill that make u all corrupted Politics n swamp use OC yourself n all your staff n family Maybe then uwake
But you work for a monopoly and support creating a national healthcare monopoly!  It's hard to take you seriously.
Follow the money.
Which is why big government & socialized medicine is destructive.
yet, you would back single payer in a hearbeat...Faux-Ka Haunt US
there is no single servicer in http://schools.How  much have you taken from the school unions enough to lie to the people.Not right
Like single-payer healthcare?  Or like Obamacare in most parts of the country?
You mean like the ACA.
So, just like Healthcare right
Oh you mean like what you want to do with peoples healthcare? Ok. GOT IT!
Where TH was ur concern when obama nationalized student loans, creating a MONOPOLY controlled by same idiots who CAUSED student loan problem
SO ITS LIKE OBAMACARE AND THATS NOT GOOD?
....

.........

... sandwich.
You are on the right side of history @SenWarren for fighting against Devos's plan to give all student loans to one company!
Warren is just mad cause it's not somewhere she can get her grubby hands in it.
She's an idiot who can't read or write, instead write a letter to McConnell, Ryan and Pelosi demanding they leave the swamp.
#hypocrisy r u serious?? Let's talk #Healthcare
Huh.

Kind of like Obamacare.

Which she supports full-on.

Interesting........
I agree. Isn't it abusive when a single payer starts making all of an industry's decisions?
And you get your Healthcare subsidized you damn hack. And still push Obamacare BS on Americans cause YOU don't pay any extras.
your against parents having the choice of schools for there kids.There not rich like you are sending your kids to private school.
Ms DeVoss is not in charge of healthcare and you're ok worth an unaccountable monopoly there.
And I sent you a letter asking you to explain why you will not take the Political Courage Test. Well......
Lizzy, please allow the grown ups to do their work, you go play cowboys and Indians outside!
Like your socialist healthcare wet dreams?
but.. Single payer healthcare is cool, right?

WHAT DO YOU THINK SINGLE-PAYER HEALTHCARE IS YOU DOLT?!?!
So you mean like Health Care?
Obama forced our student loans under one Dept of Education.  Spare us your fraudulent virtue signaling.
Says the woman who is an unaccountable monopoly.  Youre not fooling anyone.
Like single payer healthcare?
parents will miss those noncompetitive government loans
Yet you want single payer God you are such a fraud
Pretty sure she wiped her a$$ with it before tossing it.
Like someone checking the box saying Native American so they can be a professor, stick to your lane and resist speaking.
Ha, ha, ha
SO YOU DONT THING POOR CHILDREN DESERVE A CHANCE TO GO TO GOOD SCHOOLS LIKE RICH KIDS? WOW THATS KIND OF RACIST OF YOU WARREN
So is this an argument FOR or AGAINST single payer healthcare?
Hey warren! Your off the reservation again.
Is that like have single payer health insurance you lying baffoon?
Oh. Is that what you think? How come you can't use that same logic with Healthcare??
But single servicer not a problem for American healthcare? What you smoking?
While you sit and talk and smile, regular Americans are dying because of the bullshit called healthcare. Have you ever heard of Karma?
Warren the most fake "indian" America has ever heard of. Anything fake-ohantas says is "fake". #culturalappropriation
Financial institutions should be giving out student loans, not the federal government. Elizabeth Warren is once again wrong on the issue.
But somehow a single-payer healthcare system is the answer for all our problems.
Stick it to @BetsyDeVosED. She is pure evil w/ no part genius!
When u say "we" r u talking about u n ur little imaginary friend. That wld be funny if u were child. U r not. It is not funny. It is scary
Interesting you say that because a lot on the left want a single servicer for healthcare. Talk about an unaccountable monopoly...
Wow you sent a letter?  Good job. Next time send an email, saves on the cost of a stamp.
Can we see her transcripts from a recognized  institution relevant to Education?? See kids $$ can buy you anything no hard work needed just$
"Servicing means customer service AFTER the loan.
Thanks for all that you are doing @SenWarren and fighting for the students of America.  @BetsyDeVosED be great to hear your response.
It would be better than what you & your party's done. It would streamline & keep info simple.
Does she understand that student debt is a drag on the economy? And that students pay much higher interest rate than other Borrowers?
Sort of like the Fed, huh??
So can we count on you to vote against single payer healthcare too Senator?
Unaccountable applies to liars in the Senate. We both know one don't we Liz?
Yet you're for single payer system for healthcare. Which is it?
You're assuming she knows how to read said letter.
The same goes for Healthcare
But can you say "kickback."
Similar to SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE!
But a single payer healthcare isn't?  #DrainTheSwamp
Unaccountable money to pakistanian workers with access to God knows what information and why?
Like what you want to do with healthcare except healthcare is 1/6  of the economy you make no sense let's repeal and replace you Pocahontas
What does her plan do about transportation?
Reduce loan default by Econ growth.And resetting Snowflake expectations of life after college.Low rent apts and ramen noodles.payback debt.
As stewards of tax payer ....funny.
why are loans federally funded? Treasury isn't a bank for personal loans.
But you're ok with single payer healthcare?
Amt of time US reps have to spend monitoring the incompetent self serving members of Trump's Admin is wasteful & inefficient-but don't stop!

Your complaining about the student loans be monopolized! Well I think you should look a AT&T! That's a true monopoly!
You speak from experience, Liz.
Send her a pink slip!!! She's a terrible human being. DeVil hasn't done a single thing for defrauded students!
You mean like single payer healthcare?
Double Standard Hypocrisy you all want Single Payer Insurance
Absolutely agree we do not want a single payer monopoly healthcare system
Kinda like your healthcare ideas
There is already a monopoly you lying witch. Its called government. So single servicer in public sector is bad, but good if it's government?
You are a joke Sen Warren. Why don't you support school choice for kids in failing schools. Mainly minority children, that u claim to care 4
Yet you are for single provider healt insurance explain that !
And I hope she shit canned your letter Pochy!
I might not agree with Warren about the ACA, but if we did not have her, no one would have our backs.
You want 100% federal gov't control... with taxpayers spending hundreds of millions of dollars to banks from student defaults... lunacy!
Golden years are now rusted years, no joy or rest for the indebted. No fault of their own. No debtors jails, but worse, no quality of life.
Thank you, Senator Warren  
No basic reading skills!
Can you RT this? https://www.help.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/061217%20-%20Bicam%20Dem-DeVos%20Servicing%20Letter%20%20final.pdf …
Why did you vote for ESSA in the first place and give her unconstitutional power ?
Is that like a single-payer with the Monopoly being the government and elected people like you in it?
She needs an accommodation under the ADA
I don't think @BetsyDeVosED can even read.
Student loan debt is following many borrowers to their grave, due to economic and unemployment crisis's  not of their making. Dead, in debt
Using the same logic Lizzy, you can never support single payer healthcare!
Just sayin...
Like your health insurance that you libtards want?
My only surprise at reading this is that the clearly unqualified @BetseyDeVos hasn't been sacked yet!!
Seems like a monopoly without her input. I can't change my loan servicer, so although there are others out there, it means nothing to me.
Regardless that the loans will b easier to obtain & cheaper to repay
They don't do a job kick them out. Bottomline something is being rather then languishing.
Does that mean that you believe single servicer/payer health insurance would make an unaccountable monopoly?
Why do you have to pay to go to a public college?
Electricity ,custodians,instructors, buildings,need I go on ?
If a state run school state should pay should be free to attend. Should not be for profit
I said public not private
She ignored you keep fighting please
Investigate her/Trump ties to that company. Education should be nonprofit/costs too much already! Don't kill Public Loan Forgiveness Also!
Are you and your ancestors part of the Hekawi Tribe?
Thank you!!!
She don't give 2 fucks. Pardon my language senator warren, but DeVos is serving her own agenda.
But single payer healthcare is ok?

WAITING @BetsyDeVos  ? ?
Not to worry; president Trump's pal Joni Ernst told her constituents she would rein her in
Did you also send someone to explain what that means to her?
that's like believing only white bread & 1 brand is healthy. 1 server in that shade of red is communist!
I've never been happier to have paid off my student loans under @BarackObama. @BetsyDeVosED seems to want to make it so much more difficult.
@SenWarren wonder what buddy of @realDonaldTrump was going to be the servicer?
Shame on the @GOP for approving that incompetent person for Dept of Education
Apparently Devos didn't get the memo.
More monopolies!!! Figures!!!
But single payer healthcare is OK...
My question would be who dose she know from that company ,or how much stock dose she own from them? Don't trust her.
See Elizabeth, if your buddy @HillaryClinton hadn't subverted Bernie, we would not be going through this now. I blames dems for all this.
The public funded Schools are one of the biggest monopolies around.

Sen. Warran! We want clear rules on student loan forgiveness from Dept. of Ed. We deserve it!
U need to un~shackle us from the Past and set us free! We want to create, but we need to be un-shackled from Debt!
You borrowed money. You agreed to terms. You got money. You spent money. Now you don't want to pay it back?
Clueless. Probably didn't get any money to go to college. Sorry about that.
Me? I have Stafford loans I'm paying back.
So... like... the federal government being the only servicer of medicaid and Obamacare is....? (What ACA calls for)

I'll give you a minute.
Does Betsy DeVos have erectile dysfunction?
Right?!?! Does she understand what that means??
Seriously.. this is what you want for healthcare
Like what you want for healthcare?
Parents whose children have to use loans or had to use them thank you too,  SenWarren Big burden for our kids.
Do you have the same concern with public schools and government healthcare?
Yes it would. There should always be choices
Sounds like the endgame of universal healthcare
The ones Hillarity colluded with?
Well duh
You mean like your desire for single payer?  You socialist sleazebag.
