.
.,ok you really need help. Go take a Tylenol and get some rest. You are a deranged person.
.Go ahead and embarrass yourselves once again. Barf
so says a senator who lives in a bubble. Expand = more power. Do you pay for your own healthcare? No but I do.
Please boycott the inauguration.
. Oh for heaven sake. Put your Big Boy pants & grow up. You Libs are embarrassing yourselves more and more ea day
I'm sorry, have you seen your President's twitter account lately? Can't even deal with SNL jokes.
..I'm sorry have you seen YOUR current President's country lately? Obamas actions are the joke!
Make a statement Senator.  Do not attend the inaguration.
Ms Warren you must really scare people.All you want to do is help, & idiots keep posting nasty things at you.Keep fighting!
Give us what you have for the same price.  I can't retire because I have no health insurance
TY
Yet Its imploding , must that Democratic Party touch when Democrats touch them
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED WOMEN TO MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT THERE HEALTHCARE, NOT THE GOVERNMENT????????????????????

The system is rigged. God and satans 1dollar gold is50000000$ cash. Nobody bothers to tell but glad to receive.
With help from those that see god has been able to earn back what was stolen. They call the ones holding it rich
give it up Elizabeth. Obama was in charge for 8 years and blew it. move on and accept defeat.don't be a sore loser like M.Streep.
No chance. She's in it forever like a citizen. You Luddites called down the thunder and there'll be no quarter 4U.
she is a disrespectful hypocrite and you can support that if you would like not me
MA is a dump, a pathetic shell of a once great commonwealth
thank you.
FYI. Affordable  Care Act not affordable. 
So disturbed that Dems tell America the bill must pass before it would be known. 
SAD
ya too bad.  Government has no business in the marketplace
Why aren't you on the ACA if it is so wonderful.
nothing about it has been affordable. #fixhealthcare #RepealAndReplace
you call health care tyranny?
right. So you remember it is a republican idea right? Romney and the heritage foundation came up with the mandate.
Yeah with much fed gov subsidy!
You mean like Walmart and minimum wage workers subsidize by fed gov for food and housing that work 4 ptime, no benefits & ERs
We can't give US to a Russian spy/puppet. Rus.will have access to the White House and America's secrets? HELP save US
sometimes yo7 go all in and lose. The people have voted, get over it.
affordable? What rock have you been hiding under. The middle class in this country get screwed
you did this even when the other democRAT pervert #slickwilly Clinton said Obamacare is hurting people? @OANN @FoxNews @GOP #MAGA
bah bah http://bah.you  sounds more like Hillary everyday. Lying about native American and now your success
You LIE.
people are losing ACA now The GOP doing away with SS & Medicare & Medicaid. how does this make America great? GOP=Third Reich.
my County has the same problem. We had health care for poor and indigent. Doubt we can get it back. Hoping Cali will get ACA here
Watched the news today about the OFS protests.  Amazing to see people so energized.
It's not working Liz, Obamacare is unaffordable. Keep a positive open mind & untie yur knots. Smile
Don't give in. We have few left leaning congressmen/women left in this nation. Please my mother's life is in your hands.
your dem party lost so accept it and move on. If you cannot walk away from politics. Your a waste anyway
maybe if your billionaire leaders let GOP governors do what CA Kentucky and other states did your costs would be lower.
Republicans don't want to improve our health care. They want to take it away. Then say trust us we will make it better. NO. Gone
@SenSanders How much did it cost to put ACA in place? How much will be spent to tear it down? How much for new? How many lives?
Do you have ObamaCare??
It should have been state by state choice NOT federal cramdown sold by dishonest politicians.
Everyone should care about this! Where's the outcry, America? #SaveACA
socialist says what?affordable? Really? Ameritopia is great
penalizing citizens for not purchasing a product, raising the cost exponentially 4 any1 on private, make deductibles impossible
Wasn't ACA voted in by the people why cannot people sue the ones who r trying to repeal it
Let the Republicans dig their own grave.
your all out was a failure . Make way for those  who can get it done. Resign
Lizzy, save your breath and start thinking about your life after  your term is up! Pick a reservation to live on. 
"Access" is not good enough. We want the same healthcare that you have...  It's time for #medicare4all .
.@SenWarren I would like to know what drove conservative voters to pick Trumpet, were the options truly that bad for them?
I have a friend who's premium went to 40k a year for him and his wife. It's not what we were promised
Insurance has skyrocketed in Oklahoma. My sons premium is 1/3 of his income. We only have one carrier left.
and I know how much my premiums went up after 2007. Having to pay a penalty for. It having insurance. What a damn liar you are
and your years of "hard" work resulted in what? Failed healthcare for all?
Only 7 mmj disp in ur whole state. In Colorado there were 7 dispensaries in my neighborhood.
Lizzy you remain Irrelevant and Obscure. Hillary dropped you, and we dont want to hear you. Just take your pandering crap and get lost
Who cares ! Choke job.
U Liberal R the ruination total destruction of USA Think of ur heritage If u r truly Indian Obamas out 2 destroy USA Thesame way
u don't care 1 bit that ppl R paying $1000+ a month for it wth 60% deductible Just so u can keep Destroyrr Obamas legacy UrIdiots
u also didn't even know what was in the bill. It wanted it signed. Moron stop the BS
If he takes away hc, SO MANY Will suffer. I cried during his nc wondering what will I do w/o ACA. No more specalists that I need.
u caved to the insurance companies when u had control of house/senate and the WH. Could have had a one payer system shut up!
Please boycott his inauguration. U need to show him he is unqualified for the office. Please consider joining your other senators
mass has a pretty good system much better than aca. Obama should have used mass as the model for the country.
join us at the Women's March on the Common
#ACA->Tx ->medicaid nonexpansion->unaffordable private insurance->substandard prenatal care->dead mothers https://www.propublica.org/article/a-spike-in-rates-of-pregnancy-related-deaths-in-texas-spurs-soul-searching …
Disgusted.  My children were covered first under MA law and then ACA.  GOP actions are leaving them with…nothing.  Furious.
Obama care is history and thank god health is out of the governments hands!
#MAGA
Respond to T’s generalities of coverage for all, what type of coverage, better than O’s or Ryan’s crap?????

BYE bye #Obamacare
My payment under MA Connector is 24% of my income, which is < $15,000/year. It's better than no insurance, but =/= affordable.
useless
the CORE issue with health care is health care cost! Let's get to to root of the problem.
won't Trump and creepy GOP just say Repealed. But you can keep what you have. then call it Trump Health and make Trumpers happy?
Is it working in MA or is very expensive like it is in so many other states?ACA has got to be affordable or why have it?
Tell me where is ur buddy ur Pharma pal @HillaryClinton that you supported? Y is she staying silent & not speaking up 2 #SaveACA
Thank you from Western mass
. Give it a rest Pocahontas
Now is a good time to replace the ACA w publicly financed health care that eliminates for profit private insurance corps
p.s., thank u for everything u do, and please run in 2020 and kick some orange ass. thank you.
you lie
why did you not fight against the DNC corruption?
probably why my premiums went to $2,700/month with a $12,000 deduct. $44,500/yr before I get any benefit. It's unaffordable
Paw Paw would be proud
Thank you Elizabeth!  I'm a cancer survivor and need coverage!  We appreciate you! 
Pls tell us that ur willing 2 galvanize our @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems 2 fight back 4 our rts
#ImTheAvalanche #TheResistance
Let me fix that for ya: "'we' colluded with lobbyists to distribute wealth."
please follow the lead of many of your colleagues and boycott the Inauguration. Speak at a school, serve meals at a shelter...
. I have never seen such a group of baby sore losers. We never acted like babies when Obambi won.
on sure healthcare will be run as well as social security, balancing the budget, the VA, the post office regulations, Medicare...
States like Washington, Oregon and California should push companies to insure pre-existing conditions, have fair rates...
Why cant other dem senators care about the people to allow us to import cheaper drugs? Oh yeah money...
Medical device companies, pharma, doctors, all charge exorbitant amounts, why is there no regulation? Affordable care SOLVED.
can you please get off your soap box and reach out to the other side and work as one government?  I say you won't because u cant

the more you talk the more stupid you become...don't stop!
Someone needs to get Romney to own his plan and defend it #FixACA
NOW...U and Yours...Roll a 7 @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Will you go to prom with me?
Why is no one going after the price gouging in the medical industry that is causing the issue in the first place?
because I'm America we are supposed to be "free"
Truly an amazing lady! U work for the people! I would love to call you Madame President?!
scared to death of a Trump Presidency he does not seem fit and it worries me
CA stands with you

