Please stop talking about cabinet hearings and start impeachment hearings.
articles of impeachment have to come from the house and we all know Ryan and his cronies won't bring them.
the leader of the woman's march Linda sasour is an evil hateful supporter of sharia law.
she's an American citizen, born here, stop with your lies and bullshit.
what about rabbinic law?
Please do something! How can they approve all the nominations without democrats? Where are the laws in this country?
It's because millions of Americans didn't care enough to vote allowing very motivated conservatives to take over. Our Fault!
They lost the popular vote.
But yeah, all those people saying "they are all the same" were wrong af
It makes me think that we as Americans don't deserve a democracy that many of our ancestors died to give us.
we are a republic not a democracy! Study history!
A democracy is a form of govt. A republic is an establishment of states. Not mutually exclusive.  And its civics not hist.
@msivertson And we had so much trust in the previous Secretary of State's?
never had one with such deep ties to Russia, especially in wake of Trump teams deep ties to Russia.
Just curious as to what your facts are
Tillerson received order of friendship medal from Putin. Known to have close ties.
According to the Washington Post "you don't have to be a close friend to receive this from Putin"
by the way, happy to be having a respectful discussion with you, whether we agree or not.
Yes, I agree.  People don't need to scream at each to get their point across.  Wish more people understood that!!
Did you not hear what Obama said to the Russian Amb.with a hot mic on...Tell the Pres. I'll have more freedom to do what I want..
@AddySpears he can't be trusted.  This is an understatement...he's dangerous! Call your senators every day...vote in 2018!
fax them or send them a pizza with a note attached! Ham and pinnaplle @rachaelmaddow
Just exactly are our interests?? No one seems to articulate this.
Your mean unlike Hellery?Selling the office to benefit her, Bill, and DNC. You are pathetically in denial.
bar is set so low - but GOP has amnesia about all their obstruction - Dems need to remind them - constantly
oh Lord! You need balance! The democrats had majority and couldn't accomplish anything in 8 years
always relevant when we live in a country where there is freedom for all not just Libetals
AND HILLARY CLINTON BELONGS IN JAIL FOR HER PAY-TO-PLAY with Russia.  What do you have to say to that since you campaigned 4 her?
We couldn't trust lying barry, or hillary the fool, or jumpin joe biden.  You communists have a short memory!
@SenSchumer  Elizabeth Warren talks about TRUST, ha!  I wouldn't trust her with my plant!  She's horrible.
Thank you senator. We know who is tainted by #putingate. The @GOP have betrayed our country. Investigate Russian hacking
can somebody please tell me what the Democrats have to lose by filibustering Gorsuch?
@nlowczys Can't ever agree with this. You are misguided and never willing to open your mind or heart to anyone outside your view.
SMELLS LIKE TREASON
We can't trust anyone on the new administration and we can't trust anyone who doesn't oppose them
@edfrenkel Yet we can, given the deep/personal friendship ambassadors 2 China & Israel have? The former #1 US *adversary*?
You really are a dummy. #WarrenIsADummy #MassachusettsYouNeedToVoteBetter !!
so you did some #Democrats vote for him!!?
after my re-election."
Too many in the WH have ties to Russia! Someone should be doing something about Kushner, Tillerson, Trump etc etc
No where in my tweet does it say it's ok for ANYONE to give money to Russia.
@lesliemarshall I think you are wrong of course and I think you need to be more introspective and less vocal. Remembr Will Rogers
you or your party commenting on issues of trust is just ridiculous.
elizabeth..
The democracy is sinking. I tweet. I protest. I call. I write.What else can we do to save us from the coup in progrss
Elizabeth Warren is a threat to National Security.
1975 last US trade surplus. Tillerson joined Exxon Company, U.S.A in 1975. U do no what "Order of Friendship" is
Van Cliburn knew
Hillarys ties with george soros and others is why she lost thank God
the joke is still on you. Talk talk talk?
puke!  You don't have our interests! Stop promoting violence! Refugees can live with you and you can pay. Not my money!
America can't trust you either Pocahontas
they're sleeping cells of the Russian Empire
I heard you like to tie people up shame on you Elizabeth
Not to mention his business ties all over the world.
you need to retire
You are SO wrong!!!
.@SenWarren @JackieFarnham Only 43 voted against Tillerson! I want to know which @SenateDems voted for him and why!!! 
look it up. All public record
Still doesn't answer the why!
Maybe stop confirming Trump's appointees then?
they can't stop. They don't have the votes. There the Minority
persuasive talk is always possible
RUN FOR POTUS 2020
I'd vote for her
I got my eyes on Elizabeth Warren!! I love her. She's so sassy!!
nice, did you see her go at the Wells Fargo CEO?
I did not. I'll look for it. I saw her go at Betsy though 
It's YOU the Americans don't trust and  don't like.
right...The Russian ties... Nothing like big money. How's your bank account doing?
You know what,I want to know what any of you lazy democrats are going to do to fight the no go zones muslim refugees are creating
bs. IT is not who hacked it is what were IN those emails. You are good on fake bs.
u have in past 8 years watch @POTUS44 an #Congress add $9 trillion debt https://www.treasurydirect.gov/NP/debt/search?startMonth=01&startDay=20&startYear=2009&endMonth=01&endDay=19&endYear=2017 … U advocating whose %?
Given your anti American rhetoric and policies we cannot trust you with America first interests. Retire now.
Well we can be suspicious, but if never gave people a shot, we would never progress. He knows thousands of his workers griped.
@SenSchumer WRONG
No what that means is we cant trust you, you are not trusted when sleeping with Soros......
fact or opinion?
@adamslorib was he part of the whole "drain the swamp" brigade? #sameasiteverwas
@gradrn2 No, and I don't like how he was pushed through the confirmation process.  Unbelievable.
given your claim to be Indian American we can't trust you #Pocahontas
@whoiscorey I think we need to spend at least 120 days investigating Trump and T Rex's ties to Russia?
Is that Native American interests or just plain old American interest?  #NASTYWOMENLOSE
@SenSchumer your allegiance to the Democrat party means we can't trust YOU to be a strong representative for American citizens.
@CarmoSteph  Stand firm & ATTACK GOP 4 obvious Russia conflict of interest allowed. KEEP REMINDING PUBLIC GOP did not protect US!
Senator,  we can not trust anybody in this administration to advocate for America's interests.
@SenSchumer 
Vote the demo's out!!!!!
@sissel9lw Was he behind lifting sanctions for Russian Intel today?  Was he aware DT was doing?
Did Tillerson confer with Haley?  Ughhhh.
just like we cannot trust anyone in congress senate to have Americas best interests
which also includes you
don't upset the Russians, Elizabeth. You don't want them to leak your sex tape
Absolutely.  Keep up the good work and scrutinize Tillerson's dealing with Russia.
@SenSchumer start showing action, not just words. We need to get rid of this dangerous president
One of the better ones of a sad lot !
Worse is truth that @SenateMajLdr ignores as OK for two Cabinet Picks to tell Proven Lies still sent for Senate Vote!
of course we cannot.  Did all dems vote for him?
I decided to give up only because the Democratic Party has. The Republican stood up and fought Obama on everything.
absolutely wrong. It's in America's interest to have good relations and win-win agreements with Russia.
Why did the DemRats love the atheist, Communist USSR but they hate & want war with Christian non-Communist Russia? WHY?
@GetBZLiving Glad you didn't vote for him, but please ALL Dems stop Fucking voting for #Trump Picks 2 destroy us! #OrwellWasRight
You mean YOUR INTERESTS!
I fear the changes are already starting, with the sanctions move by Treasury for deals with Russia secret service. God help us.
where do I find a dislike button. You are not giving anyone a chance.
Pocahontas - u lie
is this tied to breaking news about relaxing restrictions on FDB business.  Trump ties to Russia& Putin must be investigated.
Shameful politics!!
agree 100%.  Someone tell the idiot there is no such thing as 1000%. Go back to school Trump
Ya think? When are the investigations starting?

We are so proud of the work you're doing.Thanks for standing up for us.
His only interest is Exxon and the oil leases in Russia. That and jacking up the cost of Gas in USA. 2X prices next year
You really do believe this BS is still fooling people, don't you? Sad!
@ilovebillmaher Warren 2020. Don't back down, don't keep quiet, keep on fighting the good fight.  This southern momma's gotcha!
and what ties do your party have? #TRUMP
@SenSchumer Warren has NO clue you dems have been a sleep at the wheel to long. republican in and now you wake up back to sleep..
.@SenWarren and yet he's confirmed with help from democrats. I support you Ms Warren but tell me why I should support your party any more?
None of his cabinet has our interest at heart. Only their own interests matter. They're laughing at all of us & the Dems too. SAD
Trust is a word that is vacant from any of DJT's picks. He literally picked his nose at the American people & the World!
thank you for trying. Moving in. #resist
Russia GO HOME ! We don't need foreigners in our countries and their influence !
We know Dems r helpless.Drop yr fancy environ,gay rights etc issues & talk about food on d table issues,get in d game.
PLEASE STOP THE DISSOLVING of AMERICA
so what are you doing about it????????
especially since the Republicans just passed a stupid corrupt bill that will open up bribery once again. Corrupt hypocrites.
who can we trust to be a strong advocate for Americans? You? @TheDemocrats? Millions see thru this. Decades of empty rhetoric.
how is he any different from the rest of you career politicians?
TIme to put tit-for-tat away & do your job!We can agree to disagree,find middle ground,make a decision& move on now!
When are we going to have a spirited nonpartisan debate in DC without yelling & with common sense? American have had it!
so what are you going to do about it?
ALL dems that vote for ANY APPOINTEES WILL BE DONE! ANY! AND WHERE THE HELL IS THE LADY I VOTED FOR? BETTER LET YOUR PALS KNOW!
OMG! We believe nothing this lying person says. In fact, whatever she is against is probably good for America!!
Its so refreshing to know that you are so wrong
Same goes for the #POTUS who does not care about America's best interests just his own! Thank you for fighting Senator Warren!
YOUR LYING!
you don't need to convince us. We agree. Convince the Dems who defected
shut up already and stop obstructing.
....guess you and your group of left wingers were wrong!!!!
they all have to go. They are not doing America any good. Bad temperament, bad judgement. Bad hombres in the white house
He can be as strong as Putin will allow ?
Would apply to anyone dealing with Putin?
Vladimir in Slavic means, Universal Ruler.
So sad and scary.  Trump and Tillerson are both too close to Russia and have financial interests there. Russia is not our friend.
I'm glad I'm not GOP but dems in congress and senate have to stop the corruption. @funder and @Khanoisseur have info
wait, you think? Good lord we live u but it's time to blow this shit up. We have been taken over. COUP. How much more?#impeachhim
I can't TRUST YOU to be an advocate for AMERICA--only for your party.  Stop playing politics and let us have a country that wrks
Rex Tillerson, Michael Flynn, Paul Manafort even the law firm Trump uses. Trump and Bannon chose them so who can we trust.
His life's work was destroying the environment for profit. Shameful.
I have a hard time believing that this cabinet was "All the Best People" @realDonaldTrump could find. Wonder who's picked them.
I luv what u say & what u r doing but it's not enuf 2 stop this train wreck. The deplorables r taking over!
also, thank you for everything you do
I don't think you all are playing the same game the repubs are. Change tactics before it's too late.
well he is confirmed so what the fuck are you going to do?  Bad job last night!!!
I think Pocahontas has been taping the peyote.
Agreed- fully and completely. I have concerns, serious concerns about all the new people and changes that are taking place. :(
Four dems voted for him. Is there a way he can be blocked? Or removed?
We NEED Russia "given what's happening".
@realDonaldTrump This idiot has ties with RUSSIA ALSO.
@RepBarbaraLee @repjohnlewis @MaxineWaters Then why didn't Elected officials do something Sally Yates is the only one to stand up
Why don't Republicans get this? I'd love to know what your arguments are like with these people.
you backed Hillery, I haven't seen you back the Stop arming terrorists bill, or say a thing about the genicide.
what is happening?  Your regret of supporting the wrong candidate?  A smart person said something about keeping enemies closer. .
We knew that when he was vetted.  What do we do now?
But you openly ignored Hillarys Russian ties. You and your whole party are hypocrites.
And you @SenWarren chose to back the worst Demo candidate @HillaryClinton to run against @realDonaldTrump , Bad judgement...Never U 2020
many wars in the Middle East and you want to pick a war with Russia? Why aren't you backing Stop arming terrorists bill?
@lauralopez0721 sure can't count on you
but trump Putin and Tillerson will get their half trillion dollar deal they were waiting for
@ptnewkirk Yes. We know that. Now we've got him. It's all just too crazy to wrap my head around. #presidentbannon @potus
Reply to @SenWarren what happened to the investigation to Trump's Russian ties? All the KGB leaks seem to be dying or getting arrested now
@SenSchumer yet Obama had Muslim brotherhood ties in white house
your still acting like a child the DEMS will never learn 2018 will show them again can't wait
get off twitter and try and do your job
Bam!
Tillerson will help us gain back ground vs. China on securing natural resources in the developing world. #1 priority for 30yr GDP
how did that vote work out for you?
oh PLEASE run for Pres. anothwr lose for dems.
don't forget hussein obamas muslim ties
you better approve him!
as Democrats please stand against this crap already. Don't be bullied into acceptance!
Thank you for everything you do, Sen. Warren!
Trust Tillerson ? Shit What about the idiot in the White House ??     2 countries Trump as pissed off, on wait make that 3
when he pushes to lift the ban on oil drilling in Russia, pay attention. He will get MILLIONS when this happens. #Resist
what happened to the treasury/health nominees?? I am so confused at how these things are legal...
Tillerson is a swamp creature!
he stands to make $ as to many others. Plz don't let US become a kleptocracy
you should have run for President
thank you for voting no and keeping our interest at heart!  Keep up the good fight!! #resist
@misdaws Or any kind of advocate for the US and not Exxon.
it's like I'm in Bizarro world where Republicans love Russia and the WH established the Ministry of Alt Facts. What is happening?
what a crazy golden monkey we have for a president annoying Mexico now Australia I wonder what next!
No vote on Gorsuch.  A stolen seat nominated by an illegitimate president
is there an investigation into Trump's possible #treason?
pretzel logic as usual for this woman
Too bad, Cher, Warren is the conscience of the nation .
totally respect your opinion, love to learn from others, ty
An open mind helps: I served President Nixon as a Democrat.
keep fighting ma'am because we need you!
More money for Exxon
couldn't agree more, Tillerson & Putin will have an office next door to each other @ State Dept
I'm pretty sure #Putin is celebrating, besides his #PutinsPOTUSPuppet has directly in the #StateDepartment a #SOS #Russia'sFriend
If our Democrats in D.C. do not stand together as a wall - I give up. Shame on the Democrats who gave the ok to Tillerson.
@damian_godden 
Please call for hearings on Leninist Bannon.Please tell public if Sen Intel Comm can subpoena Trump's Tax Returns
right!  Means so much coming from someone who grandstands and lies to get a job
2)  Given the so and so extensive so and so ties, we cannot trust him or her to be a strong advocate for America's interest.
we can't trust oompa loompa either, but we crowned him king!  Thank you for being you!
do something about it! Start the impeachment process now! #thewholeworldiswatching
@SenSchumer Welost that one .  Let's win agains DeVos.
I finally figured out you are nothing more than Dinner Theater. Big deal scold someone get attention, do NOTHING.
@DaddyLou13 Senator Warren's extensive ties to the Sqaw Lives Matter movement mean that we cannot trust her to be truthful.
With liberty and justice for oil.
Realize how frustrated you all must be.  We appreciate what you  do.  Hopefully we can find a way to Impeach before destroyed.
Absolutely agree. I hope someone is continuing to investigate the Russian ties.
This concerns me greatly!
You/libs care more about illegals than the millions of homeless Americans sleeping in the cold. I don't trust you!
