A basic human right? Have you looked around the world, lady? It's a luxury. Don't confuse things.
In every  western country it is a right except in America. We're supposed to be the leader and wealthiest. For God sake Cuba has healthcare!
I'm in favor of affordable and quality HC. But, this attitude of 'it's my right'? Nah, not down with that.
She is a Republican that will argue everything that may help the American people. Do you care about clean air & water, education ?
Btw, vette guy, I was a high school English teacher for 16 yrs. Yes, I care about education. THANK YOU, Mr. President, for DeVos! #MAGA
You must have been a piss poor teacher then.  The majority of teachers think that Devos is UNQUALIFIED as an Education Secretary.
You're a piss poor person. And, those teachers have what to say about our FAILING SCHOOLS? More money? BS! Educate yourself on waste of $$$.
Teacher for 16 years and you can't construct a sentence properly ?  SAD
To anyone that argues that healthcare is not a right but a privilege. I would rebut, even our forefathers understood this as an unalienable
Please continue.  Where in Constitution is gov supposed to provide healthcare?  Or an early State's constitution?
How about the first sentence? promote the general welfare!
How assine.  With that interpretation  gov needs to provide everyone with food, housing, clothing, healthcare, and vacations.
Wow surprised you didnt catch the promote vs provide aspect of the sentence
And why is it we have to pay for food, water, clothing,housing?  As that is important to welfare also.1st sentence doesn't establish rights
why ask questions knowing you're not going to like the answer? The bane of all conservatives. Welfare for 100 ALEX!, what are subsidies.
What subsidies?  How is pepsi subsidized ?
I just had my leg amputated that will prevent me from healthcare as it's a preexisting condition How do I afford a leg for 20k out of pocket
Get a job that offers health insurance.  90% Americans have employer based ins which is mandated prior to Obamacare to take you.
Maybe she could get a job if she had a leg???
My father in law has one leg and worked for decades on one foot.     Lost it in 70s & worked for 30+ years
I did home health care i am unable to go back for years if I even can. The extent of the injuries prevents that.
Change your job, adapt, overcome.  Lots of jobs don't require standing.
Yes but require education & education cost money.  Its real easy to talk to the talk.
Scholarships, donations, charities.  Why do we have to destroy eveyone's insurance to insure a few?
How is healthcare a human right.? Healthcare is a personal responsibility. You can't force people to take care of others.
Not true. We live in a democracy here hard work brings a profit and mere talk leads to poverty. We ARE NOT #SOCIALIST #VoteOutSenateDems
Its not a right, its a service industry. You can't force health care providers to treat humans for any price that human deems appropriate.
Why do you think so many Drs withdrew from Obamacare? Thats why the plan sucked, it's a sitting duck if it doesnt have providers.
What's your net worth? Stay in MA for your own good. They seem to be only state who agrees with you. And half of state is high on smack.
We need universal health care!
And then where will all the Canadians go for healthcare they don't want to wait in line for?
I wasn't aware that the USA has no waiting lists for specialists. Oh wait; we do - months long in many cases. Nice strawman you have there.
Only Health Care????
So another one looking for cradle to grave goodies. Grow a pair dude. I'm not open to paying your way thru life.
not born in USA, but so many sectors n need not be government,paying.  There is something like food clothing shelter C Corp, not born as yet
obamacare is whats wrong. say it O B A M A C A R E ok now that we know truth lets fix it together. aetna pulled out today in all 50 states

No it's not. A service is not a "right"
Also, I know your just slinging disingenuous BS like a incontinent monkey, but would teachers get to "opt-out" of serving your child?
Youre paying teachers with tax money. Im fine with that. I don't want my tax money to go to someone who wasn't responsible with their health
??? "We're" apparently not paying teachers enough if they allow fallacies like this to be uttered with a passing grade
First, you're right teachers aren't paid enough. Second, it shouldn't take much to comprehend what I was saying

Healthcare is a commodity which everyone should pay for not a human right. Freedom is a human right and we still pay for it with our lives
Okay Chief Spreading Bull, I agree it is a right but you are failing to mention AHCA is failing & if we do nothing leave millions uninsured
The peoples revolution shall come for dumb Americans who don’t know WE have their best interests at heart. Fight the people! I mean power!
Healthcare here is a for-profit business.  How does that make sense to anyone?
Because health care requires labor, education, skill, resources and product, which cannot be paid for by empathy.
It's not a right, or I would have had it the past 8 years, and I have NOT been able to have it. It's a privilege. Not a right.
I grew up without it. I worked and paid into a plan. Then lost it. And 6 doctors. The shit didn't work when it was passed. Lib Logic
It's hilarious Trump praising Australia's Health Care System.They have Medicare & they regulate insurance, government-subsidized drugs.
healthy people who choose to take care of themselves through diet and exercise should not have to pay for those those that don't..
Instead of wasting Trillions of dollars why not fix the real problem. The cost of health care! Regulate what can be charged for care!!!!
Thank you.
and place these powers in the hands of greedy corporations looking to profit off of those the government was formed to protect.
You ever been turned away from an ER? Urgent Care? ever? have you ever been to either?
- No, it is not a right. Healthcare should be made available to people but it is not a right.
Yes please explain why car insurance is law but basic health insurance is a luxury?
On #NationalDayOfPrayer @GOP votes to yank healthcare from millions of vulnerable Americans. @GOP party of God? More like party of FRAUD.
Nope. This has been verified right and left by independent orgs.
Name one
CBO, Brookings Institution, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Consumer Reports, AMA, Charles Gaba. And where is your proof to the contrary?
Reality my insurance skyrocketed. Paying more for less and higher deductables.
Being forced to pay for coverage I dont want or need
What they are proposing won't fix the problem. You will pay even more and have no coverage for pre-existing and basic benefits.
Thank you senator! I am so honored to live in a time where I can see a woman like you be bold and lead! Thank you
Women don't have a seat at the healthcare table so you're right, we're on the menu!
Says so in the US Constitution in Article?
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. AT LEAST U R IN TOUCH AND HONEST FOR middle & lower class people.
Can you please identify what Section of the Constitution that Health Care is referenced?
Nobody is disputing the fact that we want to provide for all, You are just not going to tax the hell out of people that work too hard.
The elephants under the kitchen tapestry are nibbling at your ancestry darling.
Health care is not a right. Typical HYPOCRITE dems. Why is Health Care so expensive is the question. Doctors want to be rich.
Health Care is out of Control # From Cost to antiquated medical system # Medical schools need complete overhaul # Faster 5yr max and use AI
Our rights come from God, not career politicians. Go away!!!
Tell that to all the vets that have died under dem VA policies. They are really dead not just BS you spew about Yrump plan
60 percent of small-business owners want Obamacare repealed
It's not exactly a human right. It is provided if we can afford it. We aren't born with the right to free healthcare.
Why don't you make medical school free first?
didn't realize in the bill of rights it's says that. Maybe I received the wrong copy??
So what about the veterans or do you still not give a shit!?

Not the answer Greg Walden expected in rural Oregon today. 
It's not a "basic" human right. Read the the Constitution lately, Pocahontas?
So you believe in God huh? Try believing in God's WORD , then refrase the name calling & your lack of humanity.
*rephrase?
I think so. 
Then stop confusing healthcare with health insurance, they are not interchangeable.
Thank you for fighting with us
What is your health care plan. Who is going to pay for your health care plan? Where exactly is it written that health care is a human right?
A basic human right that the lazy people need to work and pay for themselves. I hate see by my tax dollars support others!!!!
Access to affordable health care is a basic right in the US. When were you planning on presenting a plan that does that?
Squaw heap pissed off. Takum scalps.
No it's not a basic human right, but a humane society does its level best to provide it. Unfortunately health care operates as a #Monopoly.
And you've done absolutely nothing to address why our society has such a difficult time providing it. #RestraintOfTrade #Monopoly
Both parties focus on so called "insurance" when the issue is exorbitant #Cost due to pervasive anti-trust activity by the HC industry.
It's only a right if your willing to pay for it I pay 35% income tax and 13% on everything I buy to pay for my free healthcare in Canada
My parents, who are a cardiologist and an ER nurse, were cracking up at the absurdity of your claims about #AHCA on TV the other day.
Who decided it was a basic human right? You?!
Or you can grow up and act like qdults
Where is that in the US Constitution? If MA wants to pay for songle.payer for MA, Go AHEAD!
Is this "right" located in the Good & Plenty Clause? Rep. Conyers wants you to look into that.
Healthcare isn't a "basic human right." Someone lied 2 you & told you there'd always be someone 2 smooth your way, & now you spread the lie.
Have you ridden in Bernie's new Audi RS8?
Since when? It is a luxery always has been. Stop the lies about AHCA. You have NOTHING with ACA. Plan for single payer endgame failed!
WRONG FEATHER BREATH!
It most certainly is not, it never has been and never will be.
are you going to pay for all liberal's health care? No? Go back to being native American and stealing money for spewing your bs.
I literally didn't know it was a human right. How about we go after the ridiculous amounts hospitals charge for basic services
There is no right to health care. either the govt provides it free, or u pay for it, or ur job does #derp #ahca
Ok, why doesn't the average American see this? As a Canadian who lived with universal health care it boggles my mind.
Unfortunately average American buys the BS from healthcare and drug industries.
Never about healthcare for dems; #obamacare was only about politics; failed, liberal politics which is why you look to Reps to bail you out
Healthcare was always PD 4 VIA PATIENTS.NOT AN INALIENABLE RIGHT.NO 1 WILL DIE  DUE 2 THIS CORRECTION OF DEMS-LEFTISTS FAILED OBAMACARE-LIES
just another colbert holster.

@SenWarren, Is ANYTHING said in this clip false?https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/861021008001724416 …
Stop calling this AHCA ( my auto correct kept changing AHCA to ACA) it's TrumpCare! You need to auto correct too develop a plan to fix ACA
You all need to stop singing and focus on this devastating oppression from @HouseGOP  this is a tax cut for the rich, fix ACA do your job!
Where in the Bill of Rights does it say health care?
Show me!!! or shut it!!
Mass., can't you come up with a better Senator candidate then Pocohontus and Barney Frank? Com'on! San Fran and Mass need change.
Look at Mass VA healthcare. It's how she wants our healthcare to be, single payer. Americans are too smart for that nonsense!
Fix your VA and then maybe we will think about taking you seriously.
What #Socialist country are you from?
If you cared one shit about us you would have improved your own states veteran care! And you would get off your ASS and help! But you won't!
Thanks for coming documented liar #pocahantas
having to pay healthcare bills for people who don't take care of themselves should not be an expected obligation.
I have a right to affordable and quality political leadership, and I feel like I am not getting either.
Please continue to fight for the poor and helpless. I beg of you.
They are dying under Obama care.  If Obama care is so great why are you and your staff and all of Congress on it
Tired of liberals saying what's good for us. Fix it and it should apply to all of you as well
All of Congress should walk in our shoes for a year. Maybe you would know what real ppl live like
Healthcare is not a right.  Never has been and never will be.
It's a need, it's what decent civilizations have to take care of their citizens. Maybe you should be denied healthcare.
You also have a right to pay for it , also it should be used to meet Americans needs .
You are a foolish woman.  How long do you think these lies will survive the light of day?
Where in the Bill of Rights can Healthcare be found?  Senator? Obamacare didn't cover everyone and everything either but was not sustainable
Since when?
why does government have to jam anything down our throats????
How about creating JOBs...not free rides. #ProudAmericanWorker.
HEALTHCARE COSTS $$$. Everyone who can must contribute!!! #ProudeAmericanWORKER
Thanks to you and Obama no one can even buy insurance in some states. You have zero credibility on this issue.
No, actually pumpkin it's NOT a right. Your rights CANNOT confer obligations on others.
Like the veterans you ignored being killed because you picked union money over their lives?
When did health care become a basic human right?
If the AHCA was so great then why did congress exclude themselves from it? Obama couldn't even manage the VA and that's single payer!!!!
AHCA provided me loss of my DR, x7 rate increases, followed by my carrier pulling out. If Obama proposed this new plan you would praise it!
How much do YOU pay for your health insurance Senator Warren?
It's not a right, if u want health care, go get it.  Not my responsibility to pay for other ppl.  You are a shitty law maker
Yet you have your own private plan you voted in with our tax dollars paying for it! Hypocrite!
Relax, everything is going to be fine.
Yet no peep from you EVER on your recommendations. Just more blabber and #bitching. #Classicpolitician
But the problem is, WHO is supposed to pay for it????????????????
Remember who pays for your healthcare!  NOT YOU!
it's not a basic right, it is something earned by working for it!! Twit!!
and please quit using the americn pps as ur weapon 2 wage war on the other party. It really makes u look bad, and is embarrassing
You had your chance with Obamacare.  You failed miserably.  Now it's the Republican's turn, so step back and shut up!
Elizabeth is off her meds again!
Where does it say in the Constitution that the government supply health care , Stay out of it period,do your job or get out
So is old age a pre existing condition? Your such a lying cheat. The AHC act you and your Dem buds passed is falling apart. Iowa lost ins
Typical response from a politically privileged elite. Ur outa touch Liz. That's why u guys lost the election. U just don't understand.
Trump is winning everywhere with his balanced approach and Dems are melting down. Remember he was a dem before so he know the best
Our country is broke...we are in the hole. Why don't I get it?
Obamacare: Having access to health care does not mean that you are having an effective care.
New study lead by Hags show that Trumpcare will increase climate change and wipe humanity off of the planet earth. Sad.
Will you, will you really now? #Notmypresident
Ma'am you have learned well from Harry Reid. Lie and misinform at all costs.
Where in my constitution? Pocahontas get real
That's absurd - how can a basic right be based on forcing others into servitude?  Doctors do not work for free
Then support the AHCA so that everyone can afford health. Your ignorance is dangerous.
No it is NOT a Right. you can't control people like that. You crazy witch. Socialism is all you crave.
I love it when liberal heads explode.
"Doctor come quick! We need some emergency civics lessons pumped in, stat!"
#Locohontus Healthcare is not a right.
Hi Liawatha,
It's all right there in the Pen and Phone provisions of the Constitution.
Wrong not a right. We have the right to have it or not! Stop twisting the truth u bitch!
Please don't do me any favors.I will do much better without you Mrs. Pocahontas
Where are the veteran's right to their health care? 
All while staff is collecting bonuses and cooking the books.
I agree it is but a good healthcare program that is more affordable for everyone with more choices
If it was a "basic human right" then they wouldn't charge so effin much for it!! It's absolutely ridiculous!
Nothing in the Bill of Rights, Constitution or any other document states that...you just make this stuff up as you go along!
If it's my right to have it then it must also be my right to make you pay for it.
Thank you Madam Senator

Obamacare: you can keep your doc, your plan, & save $2.5k per yr. All LIES. So why should we trust Dems? Plus, your party kills babies.
No it's not.  is not communist or socialist. It's a socially mobile meritocracy. You don't get to steal from the middle class at gunpoint.
Health insurance isn't though.
Nevertheless she pre-existed!
And hopefully not vote for rich ignorant Republican politicians again.
I hope America has learned a valuable lesson.
Technically it's not
My son is in the medical field. Pray tell us all how you would force him to treat you.
So is equal pay. Stop paying your female staffers 25% less than your male staffers.
WHEN not IF we die, we will deplete all of our assets. This bill is making sure 99% of us die penniless, while 1% continue to reign.
In the sense that nobody should be prevented from taking care of their own health, you're right. If you are taking about medical care, wrong
Thank you Senator. We will fight along side you. They just voted themselves out of office!
No it's not!  Healthcare is a service.  You don't have a right to the service of others.  That's slavery, a democrat institution.
No it is not a human right Pocahontas. Don't be an ass telling what should be human rights when you cheated your way to the top
@SenWarren you're wrong!  It's a privilege.  I pay $1100 a month for my insurance, now I'm supposed to pay for yours too? How is that fair??
Why are there no women on the Senate panel?  You should be on that committee representing the woman's vote. #Trumpcare
