You Marxist ideology of government control over all industry sure as hell will not bring back jobs
More nonsense from the Resist.
Better Resist than Racist. You know, if you have a choice.
Racism only exist in the minds of those that bring it up! Don't think we don't know!
Huh? So, if prejudice isn't challenged it doesn't exist? Racism exists when it is observed not when it is challenged. And I've observed it.
No surprise. There is a big discount in Washington.
Elizabeth as usual you attack not knowing the final details and like to keep you name in the news to push your false agenda.
Lies
You never got jobs for mass for folks
Cheeto-in-Chief is a fuckin idiot & failed businessman serving only his bloated ego.
And what are you doing to help besides sitting on the sidelines and complaining. Typical narcissist
I bet they put money in his donors pockets
Of course he isn't. 1 He doesn't know how. 2 He really doesn't care
He's playing golf watching porn...try again later


I agree with Sen Warren.
How many jobs have the Trump admin. created? Oh, well over 1 million. Lowest unemployment in a very low time.
More substance please! A fact. A link. Something besides snark.
Please repeal the JONES ACT and help PR
Of course he is. He does not care about Americans!!
Elizabeth, @realDonaldTrump  is bringing jobs back! You and your fellow Dems are guilty for sending our jobs overseas.
Whoa wait a minute there Liz ur talking about apples on 1 hand and oranges on the other which one do you want to talk about they don't mix.
This is surprising?
As if NAFTA brought any jobs here.  You sure as hell didn't care till Trump brought it up. You are fake.
Oh please wake up
Everything he does is to bring back jobs what have you done??
But I bet they will make out like bandits...
You are not even part of the discussion so you have no clue what you are talking about. Stop the fear mongering and do your job.
If he were a a brain surgeon, how many lives would be lost before his license to practice was suspended?
It’s beyond time for him to go!
how come you're not saying anything about the greatest job killer of them all Obama and the ACA
Is your sole platform to spread hate, discontent and dissension
In general Potus is one of few politicans who push constantly for helping American workers to compete with foregn labor.
Well yeah and ur ilk pushed them offshore in the first place. Why?
No surprise here.
Stop lying Pocahontas
He brought more jobs in 6 months then you have in your phony career
Please elaborate
Shocking!
I doubt that.
Like you ever did anything about jobs.
Reportedly by whom another made up statement. Reportedly EW is a native American
Let's see how u vote on tax reform? RU really interested in jobs!
Anything to keep BS going you must be the BS queen
Your proposal?
That shouldn't surprise anyone.  Logic, compassion and rational thinking are strangers to DJT and his administration.
That s because the jobs "lost" due to NAFTA were negligible. Another one on TRUMP'S many lies.
When is Trump bringing back from overseas his factories?? Jobs for Americans.
Senator, it might be worth recognizing that jobs are more and more frequently being done by machines and AI algorithms.
It's not to say that outsourcing isn't taking jobs, but the machines are already being assembled that will take them when they come back.
I definitely appreciate your dedication to the American worker and everything you've done to save us, but we must face facts.
Human labor is becoming less valuable every day because we're automating everything we can, and that's good.
We do need to start securing our safety nets for when unemployment tips past 20% of the working-age population. It's coming.
#Impeach45
What do you know about job(s)
Canada is ready for that very very sad piece of S^^*!
Is anybody really surprised?
Elizabeth, he is way too busy bashing the NFL 4 disrespecting our flag. But it's okay to burn our flag when it benefits him!
For the love if Pete's Dragon...wtf is this "man's" problem?? 
The Trump con unfolds more each day!
Resistance until we get the fraud out of office !!! Resistance
The fraud left Jan 20th.
Yes since it doesn't work.
Trump is ONLY concerned with dividing our country.  That's his agenda. That's it. Period.
U have no idea how to bring back jobs u lying wretch ...
More distractions from his Russian ties investigation. He tries to take us off course but fails like he ALWAYS DOES.
Another lie! What did your party do to fix over the many years. Nothing! No credibility on this or other issues
Has the Trump administration succeeded in carrying out a single one of Trump's major promises?
The ones about destroying the EPA and various regulatory oversight.
Yep, the ones that are destroying America are being cancelled.


Not everybody can lie about being an Indian to get a 6 figure job at Harvard Lizzy
Of Course! He’s a idiot so go figure! So, more importantly what are you going to do to stop him and his administration of Wall Street firms?
Says you
A progressive Democrat or a billionaire,  I wonder who knows more about creating jobs?
What have you done for jobs Liz?  Oh, that's right, nothing!!  Fraud
What have you done to bring back American jobs? A big nothing! #Pocahantus speak with forked tongue.
You are a loser! #Pocahantas
How many jobs did obama save?
Never about jobs...always about corporate profits..
Senator, please, u must put your efforts to getting DT out of office NOW! We are losing every minute this continues. Inaction=complicity
RACE: Stands for its everyone's fault but my OWN!
@StevenReyCristo @realDonaldTrump but will make more money for trump
Lie lie lie that's all you know!
Most of my life I have been self employed Try not to take a job
Do you ever have anything positive. Your negative narrative is old.
Always grateful for your actions.  God bless.
You voted for them to take jobs away. Remember TPP - Hypocrite.
I get great ratings for helping the workers! Bigly! Some say the best TV ratings of all time, "Sad Pocahontas" @SenWarren! Believe me! SAD!
Helping the workers in your overseas factories?? No jobs for Americans 
Perhaps if he makes NAFTA more rigid Trump and Ivanka crap might need to@be made here, god forbid
Liz, did you really expect the #failingFakePOTUS to do something good for working Americans?  If it isn't all about him, its not important.
President Trump better get his act together soon.
He’s clearly not going to hurt his own businesses and the hundreds of jobs he farms out.
Do you even realize how many Canadian jobs went to US because of NAFTA? Need some "wins" here too.
This is what a member of the 1% looks like
I remember when Bill Clinton took us all on a tour of the White House. Now we're being taken on a tour of @realDonaldTrump 's nightmare.
Not surprising! When will people learn he's a con man only out for himself!!
No wonder the middle class is getting hammered
What did Obama do to bring jobs back?  Lol
NFL. Keep politics out of my football or I will have the whole military of (United States of America) BOYCOTT YOU
http://investmentwatchblog.com/fun-fact-elizabeth-warren-has-a-15-million-net-worth-on-a-174000-senators-salary/ …
Because he's only interested in creating more jobs for foreign hookers.
What about PR! Pay attn Liz
Wise Old Chinaman say have lying tongue. Disgrace to ancestor
How about also fighting for the rights of those immigrants that the DHS will invade their social media
SSDD, Senator. Suggest actions.

NAFTA, and before that the FTA, have nothing to do with workers or consumers. It's all about the bosses.
How about bring jobs to my family members on the reservations? Or Native Americans don’t matter do they now Pocahontas?
Ok.  What exactly?
#FakeNews
Go play with Hillary in the woods Elizabeth. You sold us out.
How so?
http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/08/news/economy/elizabeth-warren-wealth/index.html …
And making changes that will have many lose their jobs in the solar panel business? Will he give us NET JOB LOSS figures in his reports?
Get rid of them..none of them can get anything done ...working mom's get more done in 5 minutes than these lazy SOB's
Does he know what NAFTA even means?!
Focus on your consistent 48 no votes and ask yourself what are we achieving! NOTHING but a big mouth and negativity!
U just said NAFTA wasn't working. Trump wants to change NAFTA, not good enough for you. Are you okay? ya know, mentally?
Liz, please advocate for PR... People are suffering!!!
He's brought back more jobs than any president in history open your eyes!!!
"the best deals"
They don’t want to bring jobs!
Really! More jobs (full time) have been created under Trump than Obama in 8 yrs. keep supporting what this lying woman tweets #nastywoman
who's surprised by this ass
I think you are confusing that with a Trump story where he can't sell a house for $40M for three yrs, and then sells it to a Russki for 100M
Is anyone surprised? Once a conman, always a conman.
Par for the course for them.
