we need CFPB now MORE THAN EVER
I am one of your constituents. If you spent more time talking to us, you'd find out how appalled we are at your Carson support.
She has a point that the next one would've probably been worse. You wrote about picking your battles in your latest, no?
.@SenWarren I'm so disappointed in you. There was no reason to vote to advance an unqualified Ben Carson. You just lost me. And I loved you.
.@nicolesandler don't expect @SenWarren would respond to a nobody like me but is there any answer from her as to this Carson flip? Dismayed
wouldn't answer me either. What a shame.
well, @SenWarren said this. Still makes no sense.
I support the @CFPB! It has done wonders in a hostile political climate.
No tweets since yesterday? I wonder what could have happened? #gutless
We will abandon the party unless you OBSTRUCT!  Please, don't play by the old rules.
and you should listen to yours when it comes to Trump and his cabinet nominees.
Senator, you and the other Dems are READING THE ROOM WRONG at your own peril. We want WAR. ALL OUT WAR.
- I agree w @repmickmulvaney that #CFPB is worthless big govt. 
It's #fauxcahontas @senwarren that is sad sick joke. #MAGA
<–– @RepMickMulvaney is a sad, sick joke on his constituents & all Americans.

He only talks to GOP constituents; he doesn't represent all in his district.
in what universe is Ben Carson deserving of a yes vote? Do your words mean anything?
What's wrong with our party? We need somebody tough & smart enough to throw the first punch, and & back these bastards down. NOW!
why on fucking earth did you vote for Ben Carson? Is HUD not an important agency? Dem cowardice.
Sad sick joke: Voting for Carson. Forget 2018 2020
maybe you shouldn't confirm him!!!!!
so disappointed in your vote for Ben Carson. You had a hand in allowing an incompetent man join an even more incompetent admin
you are so incompetent!!
PLEASE STOP VOTING FOR HIS UNQUALIFIED NOMINEES. Sorry for the caps, but really, what the hell?
Warren and Schumer are competing for the dumbest elected official in the IS
KillingItIsTheirGoal. StopGOP. #ResistanceInPhilly
Warren will be voted out of office soon..don't worry snowflakes
She has about as much a chance of losing as your kid has of coming back to life. Snowflake.
another fine example of an alt-left liberal democrat..sick individualsu have a nice day
Why did you vote for Ben Carson? Opposition to this administration must be total. I'm so disappointed.
you have a lot of esplaining to do - why the vote for Carson ? Conspiracy here
Yeah right. You'll be voting for him like you did Ben Carson
Speaking of "sad, sick jokes", why did you vote to approve Ben Carson? We believed in you. Past tense.
I'm sorry I can't http://hear.you  over Trumps 57% approval rating.
Thank you so much for supporting President Trump's cabinet pick, Ben Carson! Together for America!
Can you issue a statement on White House lies? If not, we can only assume you are ok with it.
.@SenWarren Please explain to us why you voted to confirm Ben Carson.
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IN COMPLETE MELT DOWN.
DO YOU RECOGNIZE YOUR CONGRESSMAN.
we'll listen to you again if you start matching your rhetoric with action. NO to Carson & any Trump noms!!
You know what's a sick joke? You voting in favor for Carson's confirmation.  We will not forget this! Either fight, or step down!
Did you see the march? We don't want Democrats supporting any GOP Agenda, why vote Ben Carson? Explain?
Agreed.  And you should spend more votes representing your constituents' interests.
you know what a sad sick joke is? Finding out that even you are caving in.  You & senator Brown Sickening
Ben Carson is a sad, sick joke and yet you voted for him. Maybe you should spend more time talking to your constituents!
You voted to confirm BEN CARSON??? WTF? When will you stop allowing Trump's idiocy to destroy America? I expected more from you.
why a yes vote for Carson? We need you to obstruct, not pretend we can be normal.
It's absolutely disgusting that you voted to confirm Ben Carson #FakeProgressive #FakeLiberal #Fascismwins
I thought you would FIGHT LIKE A GODSDAMN GIRL! Disappointed in you Senator!
DID YOU VOTE FOR BEN F-ING CARSON!? Are you Marco Rubioing us right now?
what's up with you voting for Ben Carson? Literally what the fuck.
Ben Carson? Really Liz? You guys got some explaining to do!!
Hate 2 say it, but maybe u should too. Why the vote for Ben, Senator?
why are you being weak at a time like this?? Stand up! #resist and #ResistOften
So your words and impassioned speech at the Women's March were all lip service. Good to know. #Disappointed
This #alternativeresistance is, I think, more disgusting than sitting here hearing Spicer say "President Trump" over and over
I love ya Sen Warren but getting a little sad seeing just words and not actions. Vote no on all.
maybe u should spend more time talking to ur constituents. You gaining our trust just to pull this crap, that's the sad sick joke
Warren is a Democrat who collaborates with fascists. Primary her.
talk about sad sick jokes, you put Ben Carson in charge of HUD. Maybe less twitter, more resistance.
so should you Sen Warren. You lost 1000s of votes yesterday by confirming Carson. You're in the swamp too
.@SenWarren Can you walk us through your reasons for confirming Ben Carson? We're all dying to know. We definitely can't guess, either.
lol, you voted for Carson ok
He is listening, at least the constituents that matter to him, his rich donors.
I have answered Bernie's call to run for office. #JustUs #wolfpack http://jmcam80.wixsite.com/jmcussenate 
did you talk to your constituents before selling out and voting to advance Ben Carson to lead HUD?!? Despicable!
Maybe you should do the same. GOP never "picked battles" with Obama. Fight to block EVERYTHING, starting with incompetent noms
we fight and you vote for Ben Carson an unqualified sleeper Dems need a backbone and a voice
Gutted that you voted for Ben Carson. He is completely unqualified.
Sadly, your Ben Carson vote has made me question other things you say, do, and stand for. We hoped YOU would stand up and out.
you are confirming Ben Carson. Congress has become cancer.  I live in a house.  I want the job now. Wtf???
You owe us an explanation for your Ben Carson vote.
Carson was an easy no, @SenWarren. What were you thinking??
hey it's you
Maybe you should talk to your constituents before voting for Ben Carson.....
Very disappointed in you! Are you all talk and no action? The people need you and your colleagues to fight for us!
Practice what you preach. You hid from your constitutes
how can you support Ben Carson? what is wrong with the @sendems
you're the sad sick joke
maybe you should spend more time doing your fucking job warren and start pushing for impeachment!

maam you have lost me. Heartbroken
STOP playing by the old rules and do what you were elected to do! Get a damn backbone
Most wouldn't know what it is - thanks gov't schools! - but would know having harder time getting credit & paying more 4 financial products
WTF really.... vote for Carson? How to lose credibility in one easy vote.
LOOKS LIKE DEMS ARE LAYING DOWN FOR REPUBS ON NOMINEES. FREE PASS CHUCK? TREAT TRUMP LIKE MCCONNELL TREATED OBAMA. 2 MUCH 2 ASK?
vote him out. #VoteEverytime
the problem with these officials they never get out of WashDC bubble & go to America
what in the hell are you doing!? Guess you're full of hot air just like Chuck Schumer. Nothing but lip service. So disappointing.
How could you vote for Ben Carson? You're the last person I thought would roll over
How could you back Carson? Always the same with you. All talk, no spine.
Poor snowflakes can't handle when someone they like makes a decision they don't agree with. Waaaaaa
@SenSchumer @SenSherrodBrown
We used to look up to you, but you sold us out for your own political gain.
As should you. Your support of anti-LGBT Carson means I will be happily donating to your primary challenger. Traitor.
Please respond to us about why you voted for Carson.  I can't believe it.
CFPB has to go.
Can't describe how disappointed I am with your Carson/HUD vote. You have lost some credibility
so he would do away with the consumer financial protection bureau. That is just one of our protections Trump admin up to.
BREAKING NEWS FROM NATIVE AMERICAN WARREN EVERYONE!!!
his followers were the disenfranchised voters oppressed by the DNC &corrupted electors failing to follow the rules allowing fraud
so many say they gave their vote away rather that supporting hillary /elector fraud corrupt DNC/ then hiring a person responsible
You should be forcibly removed from your office for all your lies
do you ever do anything besides piss and moan?  Build something up for once in ur pathetic career

why did you vote for Ben Carson.  How dare you!  Enabler!
Pretty disappointed in you.
Congrats. You've proven yet again how spineless the democrats are in stopping the GOP on every issue.
The real "sad, sick joke" was voting yes on #BenCarson. His background is completely unqualified for it.
. @SenWarren democrats cannot be trusted to stand up to fascism
You voted to confirm Ben Carson. Nothing you say from here on can ever be taken seriously.
what if Trump is now in the process of trying to debunk our voting system so he can try to stop or delay the 2018 election  ?
https://justicedemocrats.com  #BeTheRevolution #Veterans #Millennials #Women #Justice #JusticeDemocrats #Break2PartySystem #Activists
You voted for Ben Carson as HUD chief?! What is wrong with you?! Stop rolling over for GOP and fight!
at our expense. Stand by your words. Or are you already a sell-out? Sad. Sad. Sad.
You need to be kicking ass here, not working with them. Nothing will be gained. They are in it to wreck US
If R's have knowledge that pres is unstable and they do nothing. ARE THEY COMMITTING TREASON? Is that a way to get them to move.
Do we really need to protest Warren events now! Are you fucking kidding me!
Saddened to find out that u are one of them. Warren = Team Trump. Voting to further Trumps agenda.
How can you vote for that embarrassment Ben Carson? I'm aghast and beyond disappointed. Change your mind and save your reputation
U need to spend more time voting on behalf of ur constituents. Can't Believe you are supporting Ben Carson
He is too busy alienating them through his Tweets.
how could you collaborate with them, when you know what's at stake? HOW?
yes!
Elizabeth some Democratic's are voting yes on cabinet nominees why?? We need to IMPEACH Trump are county is following apart help
Very disappointed in your vote for Ben Carson and N. Haley! Who can stand up against Trump if you give up!
Why did you do this? Were you forced or chose this on your own? Explain!
I am someone who relies on HUD for housing. I don't want my rent $ to pay Trump's admin. I am very sad.
@PplsAction @RepMickMulvaney @CFPB Well their record of protection speaks for itself, now doesn't it?
you voted to confirm Carson. How about listening to your constituents? I expect more from you
w/today's news of DAPL Abortion Bans Vet's etc who in DC is representing us? You support B Carson 2day. I don't know what 2 think
u were disgusted w/ Devo but all a-okay w/ Carson who has ZERO housing experience????!!!!!!!!!!!???!?!?!?!
let me add my voice to those completely disappointed in you over Carson vote. No hope.
Dems get a backbone.
you crushed me today Liz.  Worst political breakup ever.
You are a complete hypocrite and total fraud! Shame on you!
please don't vote to confirm ANY of his cabinet. don't normalize this. Carson is anti LGBT.
If you think marching with us Saturday & selling us out with Carson & co today is acceptable please resign
why did you vote for ben carson?! that's not exactly resisting. are you in this fight or not?
You need to speak to your Ben Carson vote. This is hugely disappointing
why did you approve Carson?
That would only make sense if he gave a shit.
Keep on doing what you do, #Pocahontas. It's perfect. #MAGA
Showing Trump's cronies ANY respect whatsoever is a YUGE mistake. It's throwing double middles up at the Dem base. Insane plan.
Thank you, Sen. Warren, for your work.  Picking which battle to take on must be incredibly difficult
why did you vote yes on ben carson
Pokey. Shut your presidential aspiring pie hole. Lied about you ethnic roots. Can't  believe U now.
.@SenWarren @RepMickMulvaney @CFPB 

Change your vote to a NO on Ben Carson or face a primary challenge front the left.  You've been warned.
Very disappointed in you.  I don't understand you voting for Ben Carson.  He's a horrible human being.
Ben Carson?  Say it's not so!  We thought you were our Senator.
remember 2018
I think that you Senator Warren are a sick joke for voting for Carson! Disappointed !!!
u should stage a "Sit in" agnst all senate votes, till @POTUS retracts his stand on #voterfraud
it's time to impeach Trump in grounds of mental instability.
I 2nd that
I'll read it over.
tell me what is it like being a member of the new Hitler racist fascist organization hate white people
first you betray Sanders, now you support Carson? The hell? I'll never support you again.
I think u getting a Harvard scholarship claiming Cherokee blood is a sad, sick joke. #PayItBack
Karma. You threw families under the Carson bus. Now your fav is going, going, gone
warren for President
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/report-obama-quietly-sent-221-million-to-the-palestinian-authority-hours-before-leaving-office-2017-1 … why? What is Obama paying for?
I think your stance on #BenCarson is a sad, sick joke
the only sad, sick joke is your vote for blatantly unqualified Ben Carson at HUD. Total surrender. Do better with DeVos.
I like your boldness Sen. Warren!
Pocahontas is the joke!
http://ionCongress.com 
 
#Legislation #Votes #StayInformed in only 15 minutes a day
I'm really disappointed in you for supporting Carson. Good luck getting elected next time

What can we do????  Guide us. Solutions please
that's funny. I feel the same way about Trump  being president.
.@SenWarren How in the hell did you manage to justify a "yes" vote for Ben Carson to run HUD?
He is massively, hopelessly unqualified, and withered under your questioning, yet you chose to confirm him. I am speechless.
Maybe lizzie girl should get a shrink. She is a nasty,lying dishonest politician, perfect DEM
I can't wait until your term is up warren
you are a sad sick joke. You are part of the lynch mob against trump but forget you are a serial liar.
Very disappointed that you are supporting Dr. Ben Carson's nomination for HUD secretary. Didn't see that coming.
