Hundreds of young Black men have been murdered in Chicago this year alone.

You never say a word about that.

Strange.
This is not a peaceful protest, why is it allowed to continue??
Yes, we should be better than that. Investigate people in BLM and KKK t-shirts getting off the same buses. Smells fishy.
So is lying about your heritage for personal gain.
If we followed your example Sen. Warren we'd have gay men and women dancing down every Main Street in America teaching that to our children!
"I wear my sunglasses at night, so I can, so I can, seem like the coolest Nazi in town."
At least they are not covering their face with a bandana like ANTIFA and BLM black supremacist

Look for the helpers. Look for the #helpers. Keep reminding yourself, in the face of evil, to look for the helpers.  #charlottesville 
Nuclear war is in the air, Russia is in the WH and Nazi's are marching. If this is their idea of MAGA they need their heads checked.
Impeach Now Impeach- campaign for Article 25. Congress MUST DO!
You are correct. Those people are the most disgusting human beings. Unbelievable
Made a sign and will counter Protest where I am. #Resist
Then why do you constantly support and inflame it?
Well look in your mirror and start there.
Next time don't endorse the candidate who thinks THIS is already great.
Here we go again w/the SAME KEYWORDS/SCRIPT that your side uses to push the division in this country! It's shameful! We R peaceful people!
We are, but the so-called leadership in the WH is not. You and the rest of our reps are not doing enough to quell this.
The Republicans and Dems need to put down the swords, stand united and provide Americans with a real example of what can be accomplished.
Show the country how cooperation and respect are the keys to silencing the voices of divisiveness and hate. This is your job.
God is love of all that is..  education should explain the reverse virtue agenda of bankers KKK are to Christians what ISIS are to Muslims
Don't be a hypocrite!!
Wow I didn't know  Terrible
commend these students for their bravery!
These brave UVA students must be recognized by more than just I for their courageous act of standing up to white supremacy #Charlottesville 
Stop supporting domestic terrorists blm, cair, aclu and Soros
Agreed !!! We Are All One !!! !!!
People are taught hatred. People learn it and live with anger. It's time to live with love and understanding for one another.
No, people get tired of going to work everyday and seeing others get handouts, free college, and free health care!!
Where is 45's comments about this domestic terrorism.
No need 2 look or wait b/c there won't be any. 45's eating steak w/ ketchup & 2 huge chunks of chocolate cake watching Fox fake news.
W/ two scoops of ice cream. Now get off your couch, get an education and stop being LAZY
We should have been better than electing 45...its been downhill since
Really hope your serious about running in 2020!!!! PLEASE!!!
Should be.....but we're not. #sad
I suppose from now on you will shun @billclinton then since his racism & bigotry led him to sign a law creating #RobertELee Day on MLK Day.
Then stop hating on Trump libtard!
I agree and BLM and Antifa are racist and against Free Speech...you know, our First Amendment. Perhaps, you forget the meaning if the 1st Am
It's only ok when Dems call it
Anti American fascists are working in the White House and the president exploits racism and hatred.
I assume you are referring to your antifa thugs ?
Are you going to disavow  Chappelle-Nadal? Your silence condones her statement. #hypocrite #AltLeft #ChappelleNadal
But we're not, and people need to wake up to the fact that White Supremacy oppresses minorities, but the wall is cracking.
Then, speak out against the pro-antifa liberal fascists promoting this hate !!! 
Step up or shut up Pocahontas!!
Then you should stop hating President Trump and be part of the solution to heal our great nation.
Sen. Warren please make a public statement.  Trump hasn't said a word through all the rioting.
Pocahontos, a brilliant statement! Why did you lie & claim you were part Indian? You're a fraud & should not be in the senate! Nor frankin!
There should be a level of legal punishment for anyone showing up to a protest/demonstration with any form of weapon or shield!
That's the job of law enforcement & they aren't doing their job!
They aren't! You have to ask yourself; had this been a black-lives-matter protest, would police have gotten involved sooner?
Absolutely, they ALWAYS do!

An Italian actor playing the part of an Indian.  Very appropriate for Ms. Warren.
Pardon. You & your ilk are ever misguided(ing).  Racists & bigots promote hate by ever accusing racism & bigotry, real or not. Shame on you.
When will you denounce SOROS? Waiting No response says it all! We have asked several times! Call it out!
1 word. Antifa.
Racist! Whites have as much right to assemble and protest as blacks. #1stAmendment
Racism & bigotry are beliefs taught at home generation after generation. What we see now is the children & grand children of slave holders.
Is the man who calls himself President of USA going to denounce the White Nationalist storming prayer meetings in Virginia? silence condones
#Antifa (#Soro's army) gone wild again... trying to start a race war + distract from the #pedogate creeps + #humantrafficking of children. 
Did you say this about BLM?
Is it menopause , liz ? 
You seem to b delusional. 
And your side has promoted this hate for the 8 yrs.
What we have here is a bad case of #RAIDS 
#Racism
#Arrogance 
#Ignorance 
#Denial 
#Stupidity 
It's always been there & now it's visible
You started it
#ThingsDemsAreFor
I am a fan of your but I thought you would be tougher in your words than this. It is not just wrong it is uncivilized. Rhetoric will not do
Sen. Warren please run for Pres. The country needs you after the disgrace we have now!
Stealing a race to help yourself is wrong
And Dems need to speak out for racial justice vociferously; anti banks not enough 02476
Next time endorse the Presidential candidate that wanted to do great things instead of remaining silent. What a missed opportunity. Very sad
Nazi idealogy is not American ideology.
White Supremacist idealogy is not American ideology.
Say their names. Say their names.
Same as black supremacist BLM ANTIFA is not American ideology
I had no idea that Charlottesville VA was the home of the micro phallic convention. I guess these are the guys who won their local contests.
Wow, we agree again. Should we also be allowed to support who we want without be persecuted?
Bur you are not better than that; Are you mz Pocahontas ??
“@SenWarren: Racism, bigotry & hate are wrong - in Charlottesville & anywhere else in this country. We should be a better people than that.”
Go pluck a feather from your headrest girly
Read & take hold of this guidance - because our lives deoend on it (2)
Selling states secrets and running a fake charity are wrong- anywhere. You love your #Hillary, though. Right? #MAGA #POTUS #AwanBrothers
Trump has made racists have a voice again.
Ding ding ding!! You win today's prize for dumbest comment on the internet!

JUJUBEE 4 PREZ 2020!!!!
With all due respect Senator, this is Trump's America - this is the sad truth
I agree! So, how about calling out ur supporters in #BlackLivesMatter #Antifa & #NeverTrump movement?! #Charlottesville
@Potus #Trump #MAGA
Antifa sure as hell doesn't support the left. They can't stand the left. 
They think the left is weak.
Well, #Antifa sure doesn't support the right or the #Trump administration.
That's correct. They oppose fascists, plain and simple. 
But that doesn't mean they support or back anyone on the left. 
Ask them.
Well, #Antifa sure doesn't support the right or the #Trump administration.
And we will be again once we get rid of trump & his cronies who are responsible for this hate!  #RICO #TrumpRussia #GOPRussia
The cleanup though is going to take years.
Then, best we roll up our sleeves and start now!
Absolutely!
So quit!
Running people down with a car, deadly weapon, is an act of terrorism
Racism is Terrorism
Thank you for denouncing white supremacy, Senator.
We need more Indians. Care to volunteer Pocalizzie or is it Lizahontas? Let the stupidity wipe itself out. They're all racists both sides.
Such a clever burn. Not bad for trailer-trash
Why won't you call out BLACK LIVES MATTER and ANTIFA? Because you are a political hack and weak. Only WHITES can be racist and bad.
"We" were never right. Racism remains embedded in American culture and now we have a President that promotes it
PRESIDENT HAS TO PROMOTE IT TO KEEP PUTIN HAPPY 

OTHERWISE PUTIN CAN PULL THOSE BILLIONS OF LOANS HIS COMPANY HAS GIVEN TO TRUMP AND FAMILY
Absolutely right. And I hope you apply that to those who rioted at Berkeley too & those who keep trying to abolish whiteness at universities
He set the example. The GOP condones it by protecting him.
Ha! You are ignorant Read: The Big Lie!!!
Gee were you singing that tune during other situations, like Black lives Matter protest.  Seems to me, they were given a free ticket
They legally obtained permits to exercise their 1st amendment rights.
Exactly. Who came out suited up to stop them from excersising those rights. OH yeah the black supremacistANTIFA, BLM. Takes 2 to tango
We should. But sadly we are not.
Exactly! All lives matter and none is less equal than another. We should condemn all who lie about race to get jobs too.
Call the GOP Senators &  do get action against racism
Amen
That's where identity politics leads you. White supremacists and antifa. Both ugly sides of the same coin.

You @TheDemocrats fuel this bigotry daily
But, they're not people.
Unfortunately some of our leaders incite violence so it continues. That needs to stop
This was only a matter of time. These hate grpups feel comfortable with this current administration.
Isn't that what our President said?

UC Davis Libs/Muslims scream at Israeli diplomat "Long live the Intifada" (a campaign to kill Jews) & "Allahu Akbar" 

…
We The People of this great country  are kindly to one another and the rest heaven nor hell will support you change or you MIS both boats
Would you feel the same way if they weren't white?
Lame answer Sen Warren where has the fire & fury gone ... oh yeah 
My response to racism
330 mil.Americans and a small number on both sides living in past cannot be allowed to destroy us. THANK YOU HAROLD FOR YOUR 
HONEST INPUT.
So is lying!!! I'm Elisabeth Warren and I'm running for president.
A weak response. These are radicalized, violent domestic terrorists who embrace Nazi ideology. What will you do about this threat?
BLM destroy cities and burn cars but these are the terrorists....
face it Liz, we're not.
Face it @GOP is a racist party they don't care that @POTUS WORSE PRESIDENT  EVER stands for HATE that's who he is
Yet they r not African Americans r still hated n this country even African Americans hate each other nd they know who they r,Yettheylearnit
He must be removed-trump is causing this with his support! Horrible!
I’m so glad Northern VA isn’t like this. Hmmmmm, the progressive part of the commonwealth makes all the money. Maybe they should take notes

We are!
I went thru this as a young person. I can't believe this is passing from generation to generation. Thought it'd be over by now.
So people wanting to celebrate their principals is cool as long as we agree with their principals???
Where's TRUMP BIG MOUTH now  he's right there with HIS base 32% #Charlottesville without THEM HE has NO base
Anywhere in the WORLD: "Racism, bigotry & hate are wrong in this country. We should be a better people than that." Clarity on basic values.
It's wrong everyday, all day!

If hate crime is unlawful, organizations that promote it should be illegal.
My thoughts exactly.
We should be Senator. But we are not. It took     @realDonaldTrump's presidency to bring it out in the open
Obama For 8 years set back race in this Country 50 years
Because only #BLM AND #MLM?
Yet the democrat party loves this stuff, it gives creed for bigger government.
Currently we are not. What are the Democrats doing to deal with the situation in the long term? Obviously an issue for our country.
It is unfortunate that we have a leader who is helping to stir/promote divisiveness in our country.
Amen
We agree  #Antifa #Berkeley
Why is Trump silent? Approves bombing a mosque b/c not evangelical church. Approves white nationalists riot b/c not blacks.
True enough! But, watch yourself! You speak disrespectfully of our POTUS constantly! You show your bigoted side when it comes to him! 
This is purely racism, bigotry n hate. They should be sued.
This saddens my heart to see this happening.
Wasn't the Democrats the party of racism in the 60s ? Senator Bird ring a bell, one of Hillary's greatest heroes! Besides that you're a liar
Where is our leadership now? Why has the president not stepped in? Leadership lacks bigly here in the US
Every day in the Upsidedown attempts to chip away at my soul. Thankfully, I am who I am. 
Except li real extremists such as yourself promote this violence with your Socialist Fascist  rhetoric.  #RecallElizabethWarren
How can the real people show that that is wrong when POTUS instigates and supports the actions that they're doing# NOT THE Constitution
The Democratic Party represents all those things so why don't you change?
Then you should resign the Senate. Your politics are designed to cause this.
I agree but who do you think started this? Those who labeled the white privileged
Awesome unique business logo design  just Favorite and order me...
Your progressive liberal socialist ideology is the problem
Thank you, Senator.
Why did they let the left bus protestors into Charlottesville?? Surely they knew the LEFT would crash with the right!!!
White Power! My people took your land Pocahontas!
Waiting for You to start by setting the example
Hate is the key ! Being better is supporting each other , loving/caring about each other - and yes that includes the GOP and POTUS !
I agree it's wrong. So's winding people up.
We need legislation that Bans those with ties to Alt-right, Nazi's & white supremacists from positions in Govt.
You are what you have shown.
Why are we here AGAIN!
But we aren't. We need to stop with the American exceptionalism. American history is enough to conclude that Americans are shitty people.
Yes, agree! Also, intentional CLASH OF CIVILIZATIONS by banksters/parasites/"bloodlines of the gods", as they call themselves, is WRONG
We'll only have a shot at becoming better by confronting even the bad ideas (eg White Nationalism), rather than yelling or suppressing them.
We can thank you for that pocohono
@MonicaLewinsky sound like you are talking about Trump and the white house also.
Hello
This has now become a back & forth between Trump and Romney both have Russian ties, but Mitt has additional motives.
So what are you doing about it Senator Warren to stop it?
Wait? Trump left Jersey to hold a rally on Charlottesville!
This is what Trump has do we are a nation divided and if he gets impeached I'm afraid the these people will riot.
We absolutely will
That’s right.
YOU disregard us because we CHOOSE ADOPTION OVER MURDER? WHERE ARE YOU FOR KAITLYN? WHERE ARE YOU FOR ALL THE CHRISTIANS BEING MURDERED?
But we show that we're not. Thank Trump for the freedom to HATE
We sbould require more from our neigbors
Sou contra o Racismo e o preconceito...quem prática isso tem o coração doente.
We NEED to be a better people than that.
Do something!!!!
I Luv this tweet. Hope u have a blessed day
Unfortunately doesn't seem so. Should be outcry of politicians decrying this.
https://twitter.com/SenWarren/status/896381755032317952 …
We should at least aspire to be better people than that.
Racism, bigotry & hate are wrong - in Charlottesville & anywhere else in this country. We should be a better people than that.
Most of us ARE better!  So disheartening but am sure trump is pleased!
