who cares? This is america. Get it through your thick skull!
Pretty sure the plaque on the Statue Of Liberty says we're supposed to care, sparky.
only if they are not coming here to kill us.. queen
Yeah I'm sure that poor 7-year-old fleeing terrorists on a shitty raft across the Atlantic is with ISIS. Great logic.
fine..take the kid.. leave the parents..
Ah, family values for the win. Dude, they're trying to get away from terror. That's why they bring kids. @queenanthai
(P.S. "Why should I have to change my name? He's the one who sucks.")
Ah, yes. Very droll.
so many wealthy Muslim countries why aren't they taking any refugees you need to look into that
They are. The outstanding exception is Saudi Arabia, our "friends". @SenWarren
why didn't you stay there
This is what you want? Yes you do, but real Americans have had enough of people like you.
do you not remember why they are fleeing? who caused this? who drew that red line in the sand? who destroyed their country? US
. Along with ISIS terrorists imbedded with them.  Evidently YOU prefer to be politically correct, putting Americans in Harm's Way.
THIS is why Greek is collapsing. You can't help everyone. especially when ISIS can infiltrate any of them.
You should have STAYED in Syria Lizzie!
REMOVE STEVE BANNON NOW!!!! #removepresidentbannon
It figures
And YOU want to OPEN OUR DOORS to THEM without VETTING?? What is WRONG WITH YOU?!? VETTING WORKS!!
goofy. Quit proving it. Goofy
History will not look kindly upon this Administration or its supporters. We must all work together to stand up for human rights.
Trump didnt ban all immigration you nutcase
Yes. Trump left the countries where he has business ties off the list. #EmolumentsClause #impeach
I don't recall you screaming that's unconstitutional when Pres Obama banned Iranians from coming to the U.S. in 2011 for 6 months
Get a life, in 1995 Clinton did the same thing and when so did Obama!
So tell us,,,HOW MANY CHRISTIANS WERE ALLOWED TO ENTER AS OPPOSED TO MUSLIMES??????  Over 50KChristians Slaughtered.
:stop being recruitment tool 4 isis-U are endangering Americans w your hateful rhetoric against  POTUS We the people have spoken
Blow everything out o proportion - key word - temporary until we get a handle on who is who!
no doubt we paid for your trip
hey pocahontas if you think those countries are so wonderful why don't you resign and move there...PLEASE!!!
and I'll bet I paid for it, can I have my money back Pocahontas?
You all have had your shot and screwed this country up.
Let them fight their own battles and stay out of it and stop arming the terrorist would help
imagine if you spent as much time helping American people than u did terrorist. U will do anything to get illegal voters
they other day I saw American homeless that the govt didn't care about bc they wanted illegals to have everything.  Sad
Why didn't they just go to wonderful Saudi Arabia? There lovely muslim friends? Because they were terrorists!!!
That's why!
Wonder how many will come to Europe to RAPE and ATTACK European women?
Thanks for standing up for our country. 
#ThankAsenator
so did you offer to take some home with you to live? Didn't think so
STOP JUST STOP !! SEN. RHETORIC IS OVER JOIN THE FIGHT AGAINST THESE TRAITORS OR STEP DOWN. LIVES ARE IN JEOPARDY AMERICA IS IN JEOPARDY!!

put your Nasty Woman hat on and shut down Congress! @DearAuntCrabby
WE DO NOT NEED PICTURES !!! WE NEED ACTIONS !!! DECLINE ALL OF TRUMPS APPOINTMENTS !!!!!
...or your turn will come! You'll be voted out of office TOO!!
Guess they don't know how to make birch bark canoes like your tribe does?
When are you liberals going to face the fact that Islam is the most violent, intolerant, and misogynistic religion today.
Go to Germany and see what they have done.  I know. Let's put them in your neighborhood.   This is why you lost the election!
why are we the only destination? Could it be because their violence & crime is wearing out its welcome in Europe? Well,hell YES!
.@SenWarren You mean as they flee the terror YOU & Obama administration created for them and now pretending to want 2 help them @TulsiPress
Where are the refugees? All I see is a wall. Speaking of a wall.....
Europe is a MESS with Muslim problems right now. If you can't see that, you're BLIND. Please, go away. GLOBALISM FAILED!
Thank you for standing up for the voiceless.
what are you going to do about Trump?
sure & when they make the child or a wife to wear a  or shoot u will your family feel the same way when they visit your grave?
Didn't your family survive The Salem Witch Trials?
what don't you understand about illegal...do we need another 9/11 to wake you up from your bleeding heart stuper...
among the many things Trump needs to do is travel and educate himself about the world around us. He is majorly ignorant!
just admit that you and the DNC just see any immigrant as a vote for the democrat party. You don't care about them or US citizens
you might want to use that unreported $1.3 million line of credit to help the refugees....
#restoftheworld countries should #bycot #USA
did you travel to Iraq to visit the Christian refs that were thrown off buildings and burned alive? They need help just as bad
You should have stayed as a refugee "democrat fleeing the oppression of work."  You definitely need to restart the occupy movement lol
Go get them and have them live in your properties . Win-win Problem solved .
You should go back then.
YOU should have stayed there to see if you could be their Senator.
It is a global supremacist ideology. When people embrace it (ie., radicalized) they become a very real threat 2 security. obvious
Maybe you should start working WITH *OUR* President instead of against him and these things wouldn't be necessary. Stop whining
@nahlaw Where Will  WE  Go When  China or Russia Invades USA Mexico Not Going To Welcome White Non Catholics #DeliverUSAFromEVIL
you should have stayed there then
Did you have a nice vacation Elizabeth?
you're vacationing is not the solution we needed to take action years ago

we know the same HILLARY lie...u were under sniper fire right! Big mouth faked being Indian to steal education slot from minority
The elections is over! Please tell you liberal media friends and George Soros $ recipients that WE won.  Your lady friend lost!
We need to protect America first... immigration needs to take place within our laws, extreme vetting is needed to keep US safe.
Were are the Muslims neigborhougs? why they come to non Muslims Countries? instead of going to them?
Your views are boring. Americans do not want what Europe has SUFFERED.
@bab_tinkerbell 
Plus why is she tied to felon
George Soros?

WE ARE 20 TRILLION IN DEBT, who is going to afford this...make SAFE ZONES ABROAD. SOROS ruined EUROPE, the UNION was a PROJECT
and they unleash them on small rural towns.  That IS THE PLAN. OPEN SOCIETY/ SOROS PLAN NO SECRET, tell the TRUTH
you stood by DOING NOTHING ABOUT ISIS.your president MADE FUN OF THEM, DISMISSED THEM and INCITED THEM admitted he UNDERESTIMATED
why didn't you stay??
yes we are a country of immigrants. But not a country of refugees.
Hopefully isis will be removed and this doesnt have to happen anymore
At the root of it all is the complete lack of humanity. The antithesis of what we stand for as Americans. It's unconscionable.
and why you didn't stay over there ????
Are we going to see Islam vs terror groups or are they all going to just moderately stand by and watch? 

#realsin
Thanks for your leadership. Your strength of character, your compassion and unwavering integrity is awe-inspiring. God bless you!
This thread tore at my heart. Thank you for sharing that little Syrian girl's story. I weep for our country along with others.
I was just in Athens, Greece working with Syrian refugees. Beautiful, humble people.
teel that to then Swedish dad who's daughter was raped by economic migrants claiming asylum
you should have stayed there.
The Government of Canada resettled more than 25,000 Syrian refugees between November 4, 2015 and February 29, 2016.
you want the USA to look like Europe.They are starting 2 deport them you are playing politics
great! captain obvious. From a Cuban,Italian and Spanish trump supporter
Of America is soo bad and we don't share your values..why did you not stay over there
Glad you had a nice trip..We still dont want them here....
#ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia. #illegimate #Traitor
Yes we r a country of immigrants! However there r times when a pause is necessary-this is one of those times! To keep pushing....
regardless of the ongoing backlash can only turn up the temp. & is self defeating as well as myopic-stabilizing is important!
Not everyone, everywhere, at all times, are receptive-& must not be ignored! They too are citizens right or wrong! So chill!
uh huh.  Pictures of you there please
this is a result of a weak leader not enforcing his redline.
a simple reminder of the #Leftist agenda. We the people know what you stand for. #Klanbake
well move to that Greek island and help them!! Your all talk !!
why don't the Saudis, Irans, Pakistani and Egyptian take refugees. We have never stopped refugees from none terrorist countries.
You're a Senator you must be familiar with this late great one, even our Airport bears his name. You're welcome
What do you know about immigration? You're Naive American?
how many Refugees have you taken into your house? Curious?
stupid question!! This is why we pay taxes for the government to assist refugees!
so how many does our taxes pay for? How many should we take, refuse? Do American lives matter?
how does this hurt America? Shutting the door is not the answer!ppl who ask ur type of questions have never exp hardship
excuse me I've lost more in this last 2 years than you can imagine
wow! We cannot possibly understand how they feel. It looks horrible
Presidents first priority is safety of US citizens.
Let us know when you open your own home to muslim refugees . Oh that's right, you aren't. You just expect the rest of us to.
politicians should focus on USA problems not burning fossil fuels wasting time in other countries. Unless they want to get out.
more of your Nazi propaganda

Fifteen months ago. Have you gone back since? You cant afford a plane ticket back there? What have you done since you visited?
Please go to the root of the problem which is why they must feel their beloved home country. There is the solution. Fix It.
Does that make them lesvians?
how many did you invite to stay with you?
take them home to live with you. Put them in your guest bedroom and you make enough money to supply their needs by yourself
you're a fear mongering old windbag
@DanScavino So stop inching and work with T on safe spaces or open your n all ur rowdy friends homes... Walk the talk
Maybe they should have stayed in Syria and defended their homeland as other courageous patriots have done throughout history.
we need to find ways to help them and get them what they need. Figure out ways to help them into our country
Thank your last 16yrs of administrators for creating ISIS.
Please keep up shedding the light to people unaware, during this administration we need to keep our light on things
If you saw Syrians in  Greece and Lesvos-Then you saw the ones that MADE it. So many drown  @ sea! There R no figures.
Whose administration caused all these problems which caused all these refugees. The Democratic Administration.
And who created ISIS Senator???
the Bush administration
Wish you had stayed there!
No anti-constitution misoginist Sharia law loving mideast Muslims in US.  We don't pay you to bring in people incompatible with freedom.
Excellent! You can send them $$ to help them too.
So tired of politicians putting everybody else before American citizens. It's going to stop, now!
WHY THE HE'LL DIDN'T YOU STAY THERE..... CHEEK FACE!!! ...BY,.. BY ... LIZZY ......
Why isn't there a settlement camp there for the refugees?
We can't Take all the world's suffering into America, when we are crippled with our own poverty, joblessness, crime, etc.first
- ISIS, yes - who were created and funded by your colleagues.
...ISIL is warring with religious factions that differ in philosophy by mere degrees.Rules not easy for some to abide esp female
Trump and his GOP minions only care about their pack: white, Christian, authoritarian, obsessed with sex other people are having
maybe we should of took that jv team out where we had the chance
Thank you @SenWarren 
Thread 
15 months ago, I traveled to the Greek island of Lesvos – the 1st stop for many Syrian refugees as they flee the terrors of ISIS. 
blah, just words, she doesn't care about them
does this story contain as much truth as your Pocahontas background story did?
bet she don't answer that question #Truth
- Obama administration was responsible for ISIS
Then you came home and voted for Ben Carson.
why are you voting FOR Trump nominees??? You can't negotiate with a corporate bully #AbortTrump
How about we abort YOU? That's a nasty thing to say. @realDonaldTrump
keep up the good work!
Seriously? When has she EVER done good?
You should have done us a favor and stayed there. @gehrig38
look Senator please beware America is tip over dangerously towards Russia and Trump try all sort of way to distract us
I hope during your time there you realized that you need to work together to make things happen oh wait you didn't still have not
you mean like the Republicans have done over the last 8 years?
I am.lost it seems to me the dems have have been in control for the past 8 years so what are u taking about
bipartisanship by the Republicans or the absence of  it to be more precise.
oh so same as the past 8 years lest we forget
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
Well Lizzie, I wonder how many r Christians? How many want to blow u up?
Besides @Madonna I mean! Fool!
You should have traveled to Calais so you could have seen most of the "Syrian" families are young adult men.
we don't want them.
In hindsight perhaps massive US Military intervention at start of Assads war against Syria people would have been cost effective @SenWarren
A pity that a country as poor as Greece has such a burden. Their creditors, the IMF and the ECB have destroyed Greece. Shameful.
on their way to terrorize the people especially women of Europe!!
Please please hold Trump accountable. He's signing executive orders and not releasing details on them. Please be a voice!
not happening
now they're forced to keep suffering, war wasn't their decision yet it's always civilians that suffer most. US turns their backs
actually we haven't, but we don't need all these illegal immigrants, let their own country take care of them
in 4 years you need to travel to the oval office. And untangle us from president voldemo-err I mean Trump. #Warren46
Go back. Don't return. 🖑
don't you mean Assad ? but ISIS sounds better, right ?
..and so ?
YOU should have stayed there!!!! UGH!!! Maybe you can and should go back and live there!!!
Go back and stay there...
meanwhile @TulsiGabbard actually travelled to SYRIA
I'll try to be as nice as possible here America First
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEX2eBGipdE …  Why does Harry Reid want to  Steal the Bundy Ranch and their Water rights ?
you're wasting your time brother folks like them are the definition of term limits
why do you have so much hate in you're heart
Study the Quran We can't coexist with people that want to kill us
ISIS Created by  Hillary Obama McCain Graham and the Globalists
You voted to approve Carson.
you should have stayed in GREECE
