
At least she's actually fighting for those who aren't rich right? Yea let's crucify her cause she's wealthy and has
enough Native American Indian blood in her . do you even know what you're fighting for?
I see your point, but it's not a crime and worthless when you stack her up against the actual crocks homie. Get real
- Homie? I like it. Although over your head the point is hypocrisy.
How exactly? What does her home and the fact that she has enough native Indian blood in her have to do with cutting over a
trillion dollars in healthcare?
She has a really expensive house and claimed the Native American Indian blood in her to get a good job. She's screwing the USA?
Words have power and now everyone knows you are a hateful person.
As a Dr .He knows that will kill many senior citizen I thought a Dr took a oath to save peoples life's
God help Senior Citizens! No social security raises for 2 years with skyrocketing inflation!!!
didn't @realDonaldTrump say over and over he wouldn't cut that? Bet he will approve this though
so YOUR healthcare is safe in your elder years so screw the rest of us. 
SHAMEFUL!!!
and it's just starting. The trumpers will find some way to blame Pres. Obama.
OMG! What's left? We depend on that in retirement. Needs to be expanded not decimated by Repubs
well trump and his mutated swamp gators are in it to make money not help the citizens
Very true. They have started already!
he lied to us!
@WhiiNot @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP Here to fight huh Sen.? YOU Created this #Shitmess by FAILING TO SUPPORT .@SenSanders
@imageartifacts @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP why not tell us exactly where the cuts are taking place instead of just scare tactics
GOOD START!  DO MORE.
this cannot happen to our people. Why did the dnc choose hrc over bernie. He could have won. Not ok.
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator.  Please keep fighting with the reason and compassion we need!
Why do GOP always go after the poor? Heartless people. Do not confirm Tom Price. Worst choice ever.
He's going to balance the budget!
Hopefully Price will be cutting all"FREE LOADERS" that are making it difficult for those truly needy
didn't Trump promise not to cut Medicare & Medicaid? Guess that was a lie.
Dr Price weeds out FRAUD something Eliz Warren is very comfortable with. FAUXAHONTAS defrauded grants
Remember old Star Trek? "We Klingons believe as you do - the weak should die." Is that how (R)'s think?
if you use Medicaid/Medicare and voted trump you're about to learn a hard lesson.
@deejay90192 @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP we've paid into this all our lives, it's our money!!!
wow
No Price!!!!!!!
heart $1.5 trillion. In some ways 'whopping' just doesn't quite do that cut justice!
@barbaraJean1980 medicare and medicaid cuts
do not let this happen
@se4realhinton @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP FROM WHERE WILL CUTS COME FROM????
They have to start somewhere since you government parasites have been STEALING from it for years.
@JoAnnDwyer5 @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP Thank you!
robber barons divvying up the spoils
Screw him.
Boy Lizzy, bet you sure hate to see any spending cut! Goes against your democrat oath of office!
And he and the Koch Bro. reap the benefits! Corrupt lying hacks bought and paid for by the rich.
Criminal.
@NickelNope @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP give them hell Elizabeth!
& fix MAGI calc so ppl w high med deductns don't get up charge when med deductns added back 2 AGI. Sick ppl penalized on pt B fee
NO CUTS TO MEDICARE!!! Nooo
Don't let him get away with it! No decreased benefits, no privatization, no vouchers, & no balance billing.
Horrifying.
#PRICE IS A #CRIMINAL THAT NEEDS IN FRONT OF A #JUDGE NOT A #COMMITTEE!
STOP HIM PLEASE!!! You are doing a great job @SenWarren! Thank you!
Save us from these people who only want to obstruct the good and take from people who's lives depend on this . We earned it!
@billkimcornwell @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP
You approved a defuneked OBAMACARE system that was setup to fail...epicly..good job mclovin...
He is sticking his neck out threatening Medicare. There are millions of seniors who will not stand for it
THANK YOU @SenWarren for your tireless work. You must be exhausted (not tireless, then...). We're indebted. THANK YOU. <3
O'CARE CUT 700,000,000 $ U WEREN'T CONCERNED
Horrible. These budget cuts will kill people, and GOP doesn't care.
Oh god I did not know that thank u. This guy is going to be great  I am with u. Glad  to see ur support for him
Americans are counting on your strength. Please continue to fight on our behalf.
this is more insanity! We all paid in our whole lifes and now they are saying too bad?
These political parasites (i.e. DEMOCRATS) have been stealing from Medicare for YEARS.
WHAT????
Thanx Trumpers ... This is on YOUR HEADS!!!
please don't let it happen.
thank you fir exposing the truth about this unworthy nominee. We won't stand fir his plan.
No Medicare cuts.  This is not okay with senior citizens.
This is absolutely crazy! Don't they understand how dependent citizens are on these plans?
Where did all the funds go that we as seniors paid into our whole life?
More money for that wealthy 8 http://fortune.com/2017/01/16/world-richest-men-income-equality/ …
yeah but he gets to keep his health care . Cut your government supported healthy care.
But can you stop this train wreck?The majority of Americans see it for what is. A selfish con.
Remember that they were hiding their intentions since they became the majority party. Expect higher.
not acceptable
Yet, they keep taking taxes out of my paychecks 4 medicare! I want my money back!!!!!
BFD Hillary put Medicare & Medicaid on the table for cuts, as did Obama! Who do you think you're fooling?
got to find away to prevent the cuts
Tell the greedy democrats who have been dipping into Medicare for yrs to pay it back.
Elizabeth, you are a liar. Get your facts straight before u post.
- folks, wrote op-eds fast!  Don's supporters must be feeling betrayed by now...
Thank you Senator Warren for your Dogged Determination and Work!  THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
@CherylCassel1 @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP they better not touch either one of them. People have a hard enough time making it
Fauxhontos doesn't care about us schmucks. Lives in a $5 mil house, AND has lifetime bennies. Another corrupt politician
Please stop this guy, Liz! And DeVos as well!
Because attacking the poor is considered a right-wing virtue for some reason...
Obama syphoned millions more $$$ from Medicare and used it for nepharious purposes; YOU didn't say anything about it,and endorsed the action
Wait....I thought we were pro-life.
@SenWarren @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP
where is the AARP on that! Poor & old people, good job trump voters
sounds like Paine doesn't care if people are drop dead
nnnoooooooo!!!! Please don't do it!
This guy could easily kill me and many others.  Thank you.  We need you more than ever.
Millions have paid into Medicare their entire adult lives and now they want to cut our earned benefits.
Thank you for all you've been doing at the confirmation hearings.
 Fight 
more lies I don't think your capable of the truth only your agenda
HHS does not need someone like Tom Price.
Thank you SenW. for pressing Price.I don't care for his Medicare/ Medicaid cuts or private "investments."
Unacceptable!  #priceiswrong #blockprice
don't vote him in!!!
I am in Medicaid. I'd be dead or at least bankrupt if not 4 the ACA & Medicaid  In 10 mo, 6 wr in hosp
Can't let this happen.  Too many Americans rely on these.  Pls continue to help keep these Institutions.
That would require a 50% cut in fees, doctors,hospitals,clinics, labs, pharmacuticals, administrators, and nurses!!The Dr.has a plan!!!
LL
Booooooooooo!
That is awful
OMG! That is inhumane! People's lives are at stake! The rich can afford a higher tax rate.
#we'rebankrupt
Shame u didn't run for Pres. still my fav was u dressing down Wells Fargo CEO. Keep fighting
Pocahontas give it a rest.
excellent
No Way is he right!!!!
Thanks for your advocacy! My disabled son receives Medicaid - trying not to panic. Like your sign idea!
there should be cuts and drug cost negotiating, tell yr bud Corey who takes money from the compainies
I believe he said you had the plan nothing else
It will be fine Senator Warren. 
The grown ups are in charge.
Talk to us when someone you love is negatively impacted. Hope your family stays healthy.
Why are they attempting to take the life out of us? We are HUMANS! We have to survive. We are not dollars
-This country is TRILLIONS in debt -did she EVER study math ??
this guy is dangerous We should take cut in medical when congress does
how much was it again that you took from Medicare to prop up Obamacare? 700 billion was it?
The wealthy were taxed higher. How did you come up with 700 BILLION coming from Medicare??

It's a myth, and always has been. That Forbes article's written by Romney campaign worker.
And the rest of his reform proposal???? You conveniently omit.
If you discontinue lifelong medical benefits 2 retired Congress mbrs U wouldn't have 2 cut Medicare/caid.
EXACTLY!
Keep hammering #AuntElizabeth! Good job today!
cut spending to refugees UN & foreign aid. Could have used that ransom money now. Right?
Dems screwed us over by Obamacare, you could not read it before you passed it, had no Rep.votes! BO LIED!
yeah those people whose lives were saved and improved by healthcare suuuure stuck it to you.
why does he want my father kicked out of his memory care facility?
DID HE MAKE ANY GOOD PICKS?
People Will Die!
Alrighty then chicken little. The sky is falling, the sky is falling
Attention all citizens-these are two of the best healthcare plans  we have. Please do not touch them!!!!
Republicans who don't think Americans need coverage should give up their own, taxpayer paid, insurance.
Drat his hide!
Where is all that cut money going? Who's getting it?
mr. Price is fucking crazy and an idiot
Where's the proof or is this you letting out hot after you embarrassed the State

@LOLGOP @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP I propose more! If you're not rich, you're dead!
how much did hillary pay to advocate for her? Why dont you demonize the DEMONcratic party for its actions
send him packing.
FRAUD
How do people not know this!? Thanks for sharing info. @realDonaldTrump has lied and lied and lied.
that must be where the welfare money is going to come from. You've been stealing from SS for years!
@RandPaul Waiting for hip replacement better than never getting treatment because can't afford coverage.
Please keep asking these important questions.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.  (Also with Devos)
@LOLGOP @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP so stop him then
cannot be allowed to manage trillions of dollars with some going into his pockets
HEY ELIZABETH! I WATCHED THE HEARING TODAY, AND NOTHING IS TRUE ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT!!
But he will vote 4 increase in defense.
]v[e ;]'s]\/[^;]\)e sAy`z" iT )_oUd hONeY
]_-_[:*;]-_-[6him9. #wEVIEw #wONdEr4wOMAnwENzdAYzvJ^

WeS^
repubs are destroying America from within. They care only about 1%. Please keep fighting for us!
Ridiculous! There will be a sea of white heads marching in the streets. And all those boomers. #medicare
Nah, he won't do. He won't do at all.
Sucks to be a powerless scold, doesn’t it Comrade Liz?
ha ha yeah buddy you sure told us. Hope you're independently wealthy and all your babies are born healthy.
@LOLGOP @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP Fuck him UP.
Thank you, Sen. Warren. Stay fierce! I'm proud to be your constituent.
bout time
and he'll be confirmed anyway.  Just like all the poseurs Trump has nominated.  Why have hearings at all?
Why don't we fix the system from the bottom up which will reduce costs? @SenWarren @HHSGov @housebudgetGOP
That's insane.
Please keep fighting for us Senator Warren thank you!!!
OMG.  These aren't entitlements. We paid -so did our employers  Do they want people dying on the street?
Thank you for Fighting for all Americans. We need you and @SenSanders now more than ever. #Patriot #RealPublicServant #Ethical
GOOD! Stop paying for "don't have" and we'll be fine!
Don't be so dramatic, Gail. No one wants you to die. It can be cut because abundance of fraud. Not saying you, but still. 
Funding. Because SO much fraud, if addressed, can cut funding & still lower premiums, imo.
Your Vote isn't needed You gift wrapped the Nuclear Option to Republicans  51 votes Baby! Woohoo
Cruel heartless GOP is hell-bent on taking away Medicaid & leaving millions without coverage.
keep up the good fight senator. You're all we have
Good God!!! What are the doing to our country!!!!!!
I guess his motto is: "Die you old farts & save me some damn money!" Cause that's what most GOPers want!
Why do they come at it from the wrong angle? Wouldn't it be better to manage cost instead of cut funding?
they are thinking that u cut funding and costs will drop because there is less money.
And the dead bodies will pile up. What a bargain.
Democrats are all about population control. Agenda 21. UN says world is overpop
Put in perspective, Medicare spending in 2015 was $646 billion.
He proposed cutting Medicare budget by 69%? Either no MD would participate or no one cd afford premium.
That makes me want to vomit.
Great job, today.  Keep fighting!
I have a disabled child, I'm terrified!!!!
this has to stop. Thank you Senator Warren
keep at him. Don't allow him in!  good job #resist
He's awful. They're all awful.
How is that possible when Medicare/Medicare budget is 1.1trillion
.  Wrong! These guys have too much money & no inkling of people in need of services. #TheResistance
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/the-biggest-hypocrite-elizabeth-pocahontas-warren/article/2592680# …!
get him EW don't let him in
Half of seniors have no retirement, what are they supposed to do without Medicare? Die?
it appears that would be the preference, yes. No sick or elderly means no sick or elderly.
start with cutting healthcare in congress first.
That guy is a criminal. They are going to cost many lives with their stupid repeal of OC stunt
Reject Tom Price
Yeah she's in real danger in deep-red Massachusetts
-Senator Warren -Fight the low lifes!
give em hell Elizabeth
another very sick Republican
Keep Fighting For Us! 
