Read my @BostonGlobe op-ed about why I oppose Neil Gorsuch’s nomination for the Supreme Court.
I heard your state is looking for a new senator
we are
Understanding economics 101...Dropped that class obviously... Can't wait for your election; you have no business being a senator
Equal justice for ALL. You mean dims? What has he to do with corprate gaints? You stupid people. Get head out see light.
corprate gaints? Speak English!! This is America!
The BIDEN RULE keeps Merrick from being considered.
@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 #Veterans Blinded By GREED & ILLUSION of Power, NRA TeaParty Embrace Treason https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit …
says the women taking money from corporations and soros what a joke lady !
We need one who will uphold the constitution & laws of the land instead of pursuing personal political interests.  This is not what you want
So you want a nutjob liberal to fill the open SC seat so the idiotic ideology of liberals can be shoved down the throats of Americans.
gee, ya think?
we don't need another socialist on the bench legislating law, PC and white guilt
Guess u only read hand picked parts of his rulings that support ur opposition. Your charge is false. Unlike politicians, lawyers like him.
Senator, can you explain to me garland? He was appointed by president, was his appointment rescinded?
Nope. The lovely and always cooperative Mitch McConnell & Gang refused to hold hearings or even discuss him. Pigs.
and my contention is that the constitution demands the senate vote on him before a new one can be voted on
@Randysmith1956 and if you had supported @SenSanders like you should have, we wouldn't have @POTUS now
ok, yes, obviously. The BIG issue is: Exactly when will u start impeachment?  45 is destroying America. Please comment on this!
thankfully, POTUS is finally repairing the damage by obama and making america great again!
this is possibly true if u r a billionaire. The rest of us are screwed.
quite the opposite in fact - the real winners under Trump will be the rust belt and traditional industry/mfg states
I hope u r right and that he delivers on the promises he made to those folks.
Betterment of the country=opposing any and all from opposing side. People of this nation are divided by people like you on a media pedistool
your beautiful Elizabeth!
Neil Gorsuch is someone who will uphold the laws of our country. You the Democratics want someone who will bend the laws
If he were truly impartial as a judge shiuld be, that be ok. But he's not. Anti-worker, anti-women, pro- biz.
so ur definition of being impartial is not following the law and being partial?
Nope.

Ignorance must be bliss 
we dont need a SC nominated by an admin under criminal investigation.
isn't that what Trump campaigned against? Draining the swamp? Now he's putting crocs in our courts 
He is a respected judge. You say otherwise because it's the President's appointee and because @SenWarren tells you that.
I don't think we should be considering anyone Donald Trump nominated for the Supreme Court since he is under investigation
so equal justice for all includes Corporations,so you are suggesting they be excluded from equal justice. Still want to campaign?
it's time to stop everything. No health care, no SCOTUS. Please!
this country was founded on freedoms, not socialism.
we don't need a liberal judge,  don't need liberals who don't like the constitution and how it's written.
get a life lady!
please stop demonizing corporations. They are a strength for our country.
no stupid we need another judge that honors the constitution to keep you and the other liberals in check!
WRONG, we need a Supreme Justice that follows the law, not adjusting to politicians POCAHONTAS!!
Good thing Gorsuch is gonna be the new Associate Justice then. He judges the law alone, not feelings or empathy not written.
Corporations do not deserve equal justice?
sorry but I can't support ur views. Gorsuch is the SCJ this country needs/ I like him to represent that branch in Government
Coming from a LIAR and Thief I'd say that's a ridiculous statement "Lieawatha"!
Another guy poised to ruin the environment while lining the pockets of the forever rich Big Corp and their Old $ families.
Read the Globe article. I hope they grill him on that and the info on those cases showing that are spelled out in detail.
We The People need you to resign!
Democrat talking about not help large corp and justice for all?!  Like sun rises from west
and let's not forget about upholding the Constitution. I know it is a pesky little thing to you. To me it is kind of a big deal.
@veggie64_leslie True.  We have had the other 2 branches doing that for decades.  If only you could all be like @BernieSanders 
I really don't care what a woman who lied to get student loans thinks!  Anyone that voted for you has some real issues!
Massachusetts needs a Senator that will work instead of obstruct!
apparently "equal justice for all" means "equal justice for everyone but giant corporations"?
R U trying to replace Sanders as the most wack job socialist in the Senate? Corporate interests are AMERICAN interests
In that case we need a different president.
Gawd. If only.
regardless of Gorsuch quals, he doesn't deserve a hearing. NOT normal times. Filibuster the nomination and make GOP take low path
please stop  posturing for votes do the correct action for the country go trump stop  fake news please go trump
@JerriJinx Garbage!
- Oh, shut up ...
@joannalampert1 why can't we go back to 7 scotus
freeze assets under criminal investigation reasonable request?
Context, please.
Then Judge Gorsuch is the right man for the job .
@AP

Stop crying neoliberal tears YOU supported @HillaryClinton one of the biggest supporters of GAINT corps. especially Saudis!
Are you actually this stupid or just looking for 2020 support from those who are?
Care to explain your support of Kelo vs City, Sen Fauxohontus? And, what is your salary for teaching 1 class at Harvard? 400k?
big corporations? Remind me who you voted for president?
Then Gorsuch needs to be sent. You voted for him once. He has not changed. SMH
Have you and Pelosi ever seen yourselves on TV. 2 absolutely raving lunatics. You 2 and Maddow should do a reality show together!
Great, than you should confirm Gorsuch . Not that we need your vote
then fight harder to stop his nomination
your narrow mindedness insults you God given intelligence Gorsuch unlike many judges applies the laws as written vs twisting them
Well maybe these things can come to fruitatioin if you let go of the Clintons.
@jupiter896 Someone like Garland perhaps.
oh stop so short sighted  you Democrats are embarrassing. Focus on legislation and changing laws  stop dragging people in dirt
Can you get to the bottom of why Tillerson is going to Russia instead of meeting with allies?
@AllLeftNews If you heard Gorsuchs email/fish analogy you heard how he will rule if confirmed.
AND one who was put forward by a legit president.
that is correct Senator Warren!!!! Stand up for Equal and fair share !!!
please help STOP all @realDonaldTrump nominations & policies until Russian connections/influences/influencers r exposed. 
so why didn't you get behind HRC. Could have made a difference
Well said and done!! Thank you for staying on the wall for our country! Tallahassee salutes you!!
Barring that, a filibuster is what's required.
Agree, but Dems cannot stop it. We warned the #NeverHillary turds this would happen...and they chose self-immolation
Trump in campaign mode. Must wait till the next election to decide.
YES, GORSUCH WILL DO THAT
We don't need a liberal who ignores the law or a Sen who lies about being a Native American so she, you, can get into to Harvard
Please #FilibusterGorsuch
we need more like you,faking your heritage to take advantage of system then getting a plum teaching job for $700,000,disgusting
Merrick Garland or bust... #StolenSeat
block him for 4 years. turtle mitch said he'd do the same. hold him to it
Tell #SenatorLeahy's aids to get him some mint tea with honey zinc and cold meds.
Elizabeth the hearing is not going well he's looking very human and deeply considerate I know it's a trap.
No Pocahontas, we need a judge just like Scalia who interprets the Constitution, not tries to rewrite it. get back to your dung.
@aj_case
Vote no and hit him withhard questions . No to Gorsuch shut down WH.
& One that will leave what I do with MY ovaries & uterus ALONE!
Hearing should be postponed pending FBI investigation of corrupt administration.
Well said, Senator.
What we need are Senators that refuse to let Trump fill a #StolenSeat while under FBI Investigation. Tell the rest of them.
GUESS WHAT? He's gonna be SCOTUS..So better get use to it..Nutting this crazy hag can do but Spout!
you didnt have a problem with him until Trump appointed him you sorry excuse for a senator. Go back to appache land Pocahontas.
filibuster him!
these hearings should be stopped while this investigation is ongoing. Traitors don't get to appoint SCOTUS!
stop already with your false accusations!!
Go away to your reservation Pocahontas.
Please filibuster all nominees except Merrick Garland
How about a justice who uses the US Constitution and treaties and laws as basis instead of correcting YOUR mistakes.
it's true! You shoulda supported Bernie. He would have won & we wouldn't have this predicament.
Hanging in the balance: All that enables Americans to work toward the ideals we claim to believe. @SenWarren @gmarie55
except unborn babies, nuns, Christian bakers...
except gun owners and christians, right?
I think what he emphasizes is his foremost goal is to uphold the constitution. Have a problem with that? Probably you do.
now that Trump is officially being investigated for potential treason, shouldn't these hearings stop until further notice?
We don't need a judge from a Russian puppet President - hold off on supreme court until FBI is done investigating
oh please, you're going to end up voting for him anyway. Just get on with it.
No, we need Merrick Garland...period
@Mysstyblue or one nominated by a "Russian" president
Thank you!! Pls block this man!
amen
only acceptable candidate is Merrick Garland
hearing should stop until 45 is locked or cleared.  He is not legit preaident
and bring trump to justice as well! Resist n Impeach
you supported and didn't have issues back when. NOW u do. What a joke. Do your job and get on with it. People support Gorsuch
NO Sen. Warren,we don't another Far left Judge that rules on Campaign Rhetoric and allows Illegals into the US.
Maybe a qualifying question #TheSenate and #TheHouse should ask is, "Can this person be bought." Maybe things would change in DC
We need a justice who will Unbiasedly interpret the law and the Constitution. #ApproveJudgeGorsuch
Any chance of a filibuster?  I've been asking my senators, Feinstein and Harris.
'I CAN'T ANSWER THAT':
which Gorsuch will do
, and you would know about 'equal justice for all' how?
we don't need you in office.
@SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris please vote no to Gorsuch.
corporations are people too. The U.S. Supreme Court says they are.
@NBKGault stop with your obstruction lieawatha. There is nothing to hate about the guy. #partyofintolerance #liberalhate
Does a country that stands by this still exist anymore?
- it's blatantly obvious you don't care about "All".  Cmon.
the same justice you thought when you and your bodies come out with the derivatives you knew whats was going to happen
And by that you mean only your voters, ain't fooling us Pocahontas.
does Ruth Ginsberg have a clone?
thx for your  deligence.. get back to the student loan debt is will detail the economy..Just like the mortgage nightmare....
This is all u have to not vote for Gorsuch ??? Makes sense...
you mean like the liberal idiots that refuse to uphold the Constitution  ?
Go back to the swamp!!
you Dems vote for him last time
Then you should have supported #AudittheFed
what we don't need is more of you
and all DEM's should fail to answer the quorum call for the Gorsuch vote.
Shut up squaw.
remind @SenSasse who said this "Gorsuch should be confirmed 100 to 0" vot, @GOP denied #MerrickGarland any !
go home Lizzy you're drunk
I'm a Mass. voter and I'm disgusted with this baseless smear. His entire record speaks to faithful reading of Constitution.
Finally you agree with Gorsuch nomination. He clearly fills the bill. Welcome aboard.
Thank you @SenWarren. Please do everything in your power to oppose #gorsuch. #NoGorsuch.
We need Trump removed. That's what we need. Focus on that. We need to save America by reaching across the aisle. #AmericaFirst
CONFIRM GORSUCH!
then let's get rid of corporate personhood under 2010 Supreme Ct decision in citizens united v federal election commission.
No confirmation hearings until after the impeachment trial is over.
we don't need a POTUS who is under FBI investigation making SCOTUS picks..he may get impeached but we will be stuck with HIS pick
and we don't need dems running country 400 million obama sent Iran? Leading sponsor of terror oh right that's ok... crooked dems!
uphold justice like ur party did with crooked Hillary? All dems upheld a criminal! And ur best representation pelosi and waters?
Do what Mitch McConnell did. Block unless it's Merrick Garland. Popular vote is Democratic. Per @AndrewTobias
@Gabbiedrice78K with 45 being investigated 4 being an enemy of the state, don't C how this nom move 4ward and it's a stolen seat
Please suspend confirmation hearings.  It's the only right thing to do for Americans.  We beg of you.
still waiting for justice from u...pay back $$ u STOLE by LYING about Cherokee blood!!
I think you and @SenSherrodBrown should explain this to @senrobportman. Thank you.
@ProgBlacksmith we need a Senator from a Massachusetts that doesn't support big corporations over Main Street. Resign.
in her pivotal moment of truth, she stabbed Bernie in the back and embraced the corporate corruption.
Not OK.  #neverwarren I saw what I needed to, in critical moment she will abandon people for personal gain.
I canvassed Cuyahoga for three decades. If Dems choose her I will canvas against her with my DNC provided lists.
you need to retire. Save the United States from people like you.
terkadang adil dan benar itu bagi rakyat jelata susah untuk mendapatkan ... Hal itu hanya untuk penguasa dan pengusaha .
this is how all of us without the "take over the world" agenda feel, I'm certaon.
he's being nominated by a illegitimate president. Please do everything possible to block this nomination!
Dems must vote against him as Garland should be the one in confirmation hearings.
