I asked Betsy DeVos why 2 of her key aides are fmr for-profit college execs with massive conflicts of interest.
The same day I wrote to DeVos about her aides’ obvious conflicts, one of them apparently resigned.
The damage has already been done. @usedgov announced it would let student loan companies charge some struggling students outrageous fees.
The DeVos aide who resigned last week? His dad happened to run the student loan company that sued @usedgov about that pro-borrower policy.
Transparency, pressure & activism work. But we’re going to need a whole lot more of it to make @usedgov work for students.
we the people need our voices heard and the appropriate actions taken. The majority do not support Trump.
your wrong.  the majority of legal citizens do.
the majority of legal citizens did not vote for Trump or his agenda
Strange that he had the popular vote til Cal numbers with the sanctuary cities came in.  hmmm
Also she was a Law Professor. That's beyond an instructor.
Agreed that was dumb. There was no gain and it's not what NA would want.
It's still there I imagine. Yes, not a smart way to be an ally, misleading.
is the BIGGEST #HYPOCRITE ever! Liar and PHONY! How much are you worth, Lizzie? (Pocahontas)
is the BIGGEST #HYPOCRITE ever! Liar and PHONY! How much are you worth, Lizzie?
you got $400k for teaching 1 class! Come on man!
less than most CEO of non-profits,rip off banks,health care CEO....... make
1 class give us a break! A little different than a CEO!
you don't think education is worth it? You appear to be pretty smart.
what I am saying is Warren is no good!
why because she picking on your President?
no it's her history! It's our President!
oh yeah we're all doomed together.
Liz W, in your best interest you should NEVER utter the term "conflict of interest"
You were paid $429,981 as a Harvard law professor from 2010 to 2011,” recieved $134,000 in consulting fees on legal cases in 2010.”Hypocrit!
No. Cause she didn't. Nothing to do with her getting a job.
That's what her employer said. That form she checked was after she was hired. I agree, dumb.
Did she tell you President has more conflicts than anyone & he just added Ivanka 2 WH staff with security clearance
much better to have the taxpayer  pick up the bill for an overrated college prof pretending to be a N/A
go Betsy devos!  Make senator warren squirm.   She can't handle the heat!!!  Go charter schools and vouchers!!!!!
you sure didn't care about students pockets when you taught classes for 700k #hypocrite
Lizzy. U have 0 cred   Pls stop talking. It's embarrassing. Made $350k 2 teach 1 class plus lied abt heritage
Hey Liz, ever asked Nancy Pelosi about her conflict of interest having to do with insider trading or cozy deals for her hubby?
hypocrite
You made $700,000 when you were teaching. Give it back.
keep pressure on her & her team
don't you teach a class for an exuberant amount? That must be your cost though right? Non-profit there 
U r using rule 12 against Devos from your Marxist god Saul Alinsky:  #neverWarren
U are #1 hypocritical jerk, no other way to put. Sen Warren.
Thank you for asking those questions.
Nathanael, you should check out 'Lower Ed' by @tressiemcphd (and follow her on Twitter). All about for-profit ed.
Done!
@PrincessBravato @washingtonpost Her answer...Because Hillary's emails.
Did DeVos ever teach one class for $350,000? No, only whores do that!
@DaniDougPost thank you for pretending to be Pochauntus & showing us what fraud and hypocrisy looks like
OOOO That question was way too long for her?  Can you break it down further?
For profit usually implies efficient cost effective operations. You obviously have no concept of successful management.
u kept ur trap shut about Bill taking 18 mil from 4 profit. If she nominated him, u wld be silent u r biggest #hypocrite
. @SenWarren You got hired by LYING about your racial heritage
You're asking the wrong questions. Y don't you ask Detroit or Chicago parents if they want choice for their children?
"Conflicts of interest"....LOL.
At least someone knows what is going on!  Please stay watchful on education, as our kids are the ones who are going to suffer.
Have you spoken to anyone about the Maryland school situation and what can be done to protect 14 year old girls??? Haven't seen.
how much did you get paid to teach a single college class?  Don't throw bricks when you live in a glass house.
she who speak with forked tongue needs to explain why she lied about her heritage to get a job. Pathetic. 

#PresidentTrump #MAGA
didn't you profit from college kids?
This is the mandate for all positions in this administration. We need a new election. This one is compromised.
STFU POCAHONTAS!
#350k #zerocredibility
We want DeVos, we don't want you!!! Enough already!! We the people voted!!!! Wake Up or are you drunk? Get it?
you were funneled big money for a prop teaching session - why do you LIE #ihatepoliticians
Yoo
It’s the Department of Education, not the Department of Public Schools. 

Now, about you being paid $350k to teach 1 class…
. LOCK HER DESPICABLE A$$ UP!
@Benito35ddDavis @washingtonpost you are a for profit politician, a for profit real estate investor, a for profit professor. @vp
... not to mention she's a for-profit, lying, crooked politician,  @Kwills11 @SenWarren @Benito35ddDavis @washingtonpost @VP
don't tell me, she answered "Twelvity blue bamangos"
Why did you lie about your Heritage to get a $365k/yr job? And keep the $ when outed? @SenWarren @AnnieSeattle @washingtonpost
Says the  professor at Harvard who gets paid $400k to teach ONE class. It's time to vote dems like you OUT.
And how much profit did you make "teaching"? You are the epitome of hypocritical, you know this...right?
And the $1.6M+ you & Feingold demanded in salaries, speaking fees & honoraria could have gone a long way in helping students.
And remember when you were paid $350K to teach a single course. And Scott Brown asked about it in a debate and you protested.
We ADORE you!  Now, see this:
@realDonaldTrump U thought those 2 1040 pgs U sent FOOLED US? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-businesses-owe-debt-18-billion-150-institutions-study-source-of-study-president-elect-a7512586.html …
because that's how this administration rolls!
did she ask you how you became a millionaire?
#Pocahontas #cheifcrazyass DeVos,may not be best pic,but at least shes not full of b.s. like you.
probably because people with private sector experience provide a better educational product.
I'm sure she gave you some "alternate facts".
you made millions teaching one class at Harvard
did anybody ask why you claimed to be Native American to to@to college and screw someone who actually was
Fauxcahontas strikes again. Calling the kettle black,  eh?
You were paid 350k to teach a class that you got after you lied on app! Pocahontas! You are a FAKE!!
she doesn't know..she doesn't even know why students need loans!!!!!
Maybe just maybe they have some fresh ideas on education. The USA is in the tank in rankings across the globe. Needs fixing.
Pocahontas is questioning someone else's integrity. Wow  typical liberal hypocrite. What an idiot.
you're a hypocrite of the highest order. Only @SenSanders drones believe you. How'd he do in the last election? Eaten by his own!
.@SenWarren you should condemn yourself for taking $700,000 to teach a law course.
I'll never understand why there's never enough uproar over the fact that public servants become multi-millionaires.
@dexybailman @ProducerKen @SenWarren Thank you K Street crony capitalism! Cha ching!
I used to teach @ Art Institutes owned by Goldman Sachs (EDMC)  most horrible experience ever. Bilking their students
DEVOS FAKIR 2. DIRTY HANDS DIRTY HEART
We all know why.
If she didn't respond you might want to try an alternative form of communication than smoke signals.
Because in this administration, anything goes.
if only you knew what you were talking about. #MAGA
Do any of you @SenWarren supporters realize that teachers unions are some of her biggest donors? She doesn't give a shit about your kids.
@suejohnston56   We are behind you Senator Warren! DeVos is a danger to learning !  She has no interest in education and only $$$
And you are telling this to the woman paid $350K for one class that she lied about ancestry to get
poor desperate old bat 
You. Got. 350,000. For. Teaching. One. Class. You. Hypocrite.
and lied about her ethnicity !
Stupid is what stupid does!
Mad b/c Devos has no teaching exp. Now mad b/c she is bringing in exp people. Can't win with you!
Pot meet kettle
you lied about your race to get paid to teach a class for 350,000.
you lied about being Native American then charged $300,000 to teach class
do you ever take a day off? or is it 24/7 pandering to stupid people?
because she's an ignorant shill.
Why'd you take a job set aside 4 a Native American? You've no proof of N-A ancestry & aren't a registered member of a tribe, Why?
Don't U think students would b able 2 afford college if ppl such as yourself weren't pd the $ U were? The students p/up the tab
When you get $300k for one speech at a college, is that not for profit? Just wondering how you justify your hypocrisy.
I'm asking you why you lied about being Native American to get a minority position at Harvard.
why do u pretend to be native American ?
shut up sqau
@ntmyprez ask @GOP scum senators why they all voted yes to the clown. And Tillerson. And Flynn. Etc.
This administration is a conflict of interest. They need to go.
YAWN. You don't even know how many people are laughing at you, or that you have NO CREDIBILITY. Just another #masshole!
Elizabeth, don't waste your time. She doesn't know her ass from a hole in the ground.
"The business of America is business." These sleaze bags don't care about anything other than money.
trump thinks he will be forgiven 4 trump university thru her
:Are you still fighting for consumers+voters ...we aren't HEARING dem elite DNC roaring NO to GOP-Where are they?
public was WARNED DeVos hearing: Performant Biz Solutions, etc. Why DeVos jammed thru? #CorruptCabinet #AskLamar
Why are you pretending to be a Native American?
@DaniDougPost I challenge you to a debate. #afraidofacitizen
You are a credit to everything our founding fathers wanted congress to be
really mark ,founding fathers wouldn't let woman vote least of all an Indian woman
can you please rally against vouchers?! public school funding is so important!!
yea let's keep those failing inner city school kids...failing!! Down with freedom of educational choice!
@LManwaring @washingtonpost POT MEET KETTLE!!!!
I sent you an email asking why you were paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for teaching 1 class. It went unanswered. Figures..
says the woman who got rich "serving" the people.
You were paid $350,000 for teaching a single class. What are your thoughts on student loan debt. You're a hack.
Don't throw stones at glass houses chief.
And to that I'm sure @BetsyDeVosED answered Duh, I'm just part of a corrupted Admin, and am just as corrupted as my boss.
why did you lie about being Native American and accept 350k to teach a class? I'll wait.
Your gall is breathtaking, Senator.
"You got paid $350,000 to teach a single college class" via @KatiePavlich
it absolutely has ruined her life & future. No jobs in her degree he also wants 2 cut Americorps which HELPED pay 4 my schooling
Liz lighten up you lost!!!!
calling out the #swamp! Thanks for supporting #TheResistance!
I asked Betsy DeVos why 2 of her key aides are fmr for-profit college execs with massive conflicts of interest. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2017/03/20/elizabeth-warren-questions-the-hiring-of-for-profit-college-officials-at-the-education-department/ …
Didnt you lie about your heritiage to get a PROF
's job at Harvard? and get paid a ton of money? so shut up
you just make me sick to my stomach for being so hypocrite you are only look up to you benefit,resign!!
@graceslick77 I highly doubt she's smart enuf 2 understand ur ? Can't wait til they all take a perp walk. 
@Michelle9647 @washingtonpost Apollo College needs work!  Gotta make the shareholders happy.
You're irrelevant. Nobody cares what you think.
Wasn't lying about your non-existant Native American blood line to get ahead of others a conflict of interest. Please run for POTUS!
Remember how much you got paid from Harvard? Remember how much you get paid in the Senate? When will you do something constructiv
Shut up, hypocrite
It doesn't conflict with their interest.  Or principal.  Sad.
And Janet Napolitano?
Stop it. You're a fraud.
what's up Pocahontas?
.@SenWarren Hopefully, Ms. DeVos responded by asking you if your claiming minority status on applications to Harvard & Penn was ethical...
YOU are a fmr for-profit college exec with massive conflicts of interest!
There comes a point where the bitching just blends in & nobody listens to you or cares anymore about what you are saying!
FOR PROFIT COLLEGES... How the hell did you EARN ALMOST $20 MILLION DOLLARS AS A SCHOOL TEACHER?
WHERE the HELL do you get off bringing this up after getting paid $350K for One Class that you lied about ancestry to get?
why are your biggest donors teachers unions?..you dont care whats best for kids
this is a joke right? You stole $700,000 for one class. LOL do you have no understanding of reality?
pales in comparison to your hypocrisy, professor.
Thanks for your work in trying to block her.
you are the picture they show if you have a 4 hour erection
hey chief, how much did you make teaching 1 college class ? Just curious
Typical lib Accuse a republican of what u urself are guilty of. When u return $300k 4 the 1 class u taught u can criticize.
odd you don't mention you were paid 350k to teach a class. Ramble on about that, grandma
Uh you got paid $350,000 to teach one college class. Pot meet kettle.
Take a nap, Liz!
Everything is for profit nowadays, didn't you hear? Next, Ivanka will be making custom backpacks and school uniforms
And @KellyannePolls will be telling us to go buy them! #DontheCon #resist #IDidntVoteForThisShit
350,000$ to teach a single class ? When will you return that so an underprivileged child can get an education
Common Core was simply a money grab for Dems friends who published the books.
#TrailOfHypocrites
you are an embarrassment to the state of Mass. Can not wait to not vote for you !
I assume  you would have been okay if the two aides were from the NEA and wouldn't have seen the "conflict of interest."
I doubt she knows why
.@SenWarren You were paid $350,000 to teach a single class. #Hypocrite
.@SenWarren You took 300K for teaching a course-and claimed NA statues that wasn't yours to claim
Hey Fauxcahontas!!  350k to teach one class.  You are the second biggest hyopcrite in DC.  First goes to Bernie "13.5%" Sanders
shocking? Nope. You folks will be busy protecting Americans from this administration. Stay hydrated and stretch
Blow it out your ear, Lieawatha Feauxcahontas @SenWarren, who charged $350,000 for a single college class, Run & get obliterated.  #MAGA
