I'm afraid for those who may end up uninsured but even more afraid for those uninformed. Our faith in democracy depends on defeating this!
It's frightening how many tRump supporters say they don't have Obamacare,they're insured under the #ACA.Ignorance (w/o knowledge)is rampant!
to help you in any way I can. My prayers are with you & I'm very sincere in my offer to assist. There's nothing worse than that kind of pain
Please @SenWarren follow @Nataliew1020 literally fighting for her daughter's life. Tell @GOP to stop messing with our children's lives #ACA
Praying for @Nataliew1020 and her daughter's recovery. @SenWarren I second that plea! What the #GOP is doing is criminal!
My pleasure.Don't know what I'd do if either of my sons were diagnosed with a life threatening illness.My heart goes out 2 @Nataliew1020 
She is a good person anything we can do to help I say!
And if there is anything more specific than prayer is needed, I'll be glad and honored to help. Just let me know.
Will do!
Personal Photo Project: I Am A Pre-Existing Portraits-Faces to the causes that YOU vote on https://goo.gl/qqcW9z  #iamapreexistingcondition
Thank you for the RT! Keep spreading the word, thank you!
Beautiful project,  I will share within my reach! Thank you for your dedicated work!
You're welcome and thanks again! My goal is to photograph more people for this project.
I hope your project reaches, the concept is pure. My son has Cerebral Palsy & my other is on the spectrum.. Your project is important♡
Bless your family! I can't imagine what your daily life is like. These people on The Hill have no clue!
Really?  Because this UnAffordable Act is imploding.
Unless you can walk in our shoes, the ACA is actually working. Yes, it needs to be improved, but take it away, and we're doomed.
"Swamp Queen"
Why don't you just confess you are a socialist.  What happens when other people's money runs out
Dear Ms. Warren, I think you're amazing and everything the dems need! I hope you become president one day ... soon!
You're fucking crazy. Have you seen what those milliins are PAYING?? Work with the GOP to fix this shit, now!
If your trying to get us good health care then it should be good enough for U jackasses in Washington. U should have wha we have but U don't
Thank you all!
Thank you
Thank u for your service, senator. I'm fighting the temptation to pack my bags & leave this country I no longer recognize. God help us all.
Your welcome to come to Canada just do not bring any yankee baggage.
I'm about an hour away, that would definitely be the most convenient and I'll try to leave my baggage in the states. 
Have. You made CanadaYet?
All gov't employees including senators congressman & reps should get the same healthcare as everyone else what makes you so different?
You mean the health of millions of unamericans
Your also doing everything you can do to stop progress.
Sure
thank U for ur support on healthcare. Those of us who need insurance to help w/ life saving medicines and equipment value U! 
Ms. Warren, you're such a fraud. You knowingly misrepresent the facts. You defend O-care. You say zero about Obama's broken promises.
This so-called POTUS wants to spend billions on a frickin WALL and waste tax payers . But won't help country stay healthy and well.
Warren, your political compass went bumble fluck years ago! Stop trying to fool the people! Rip off that reptilian face you carry, T-phuk!
Keep up the good work senator warren!!
Thank you
You will never get elected again, you are such a liar.
Albert Cheris is a Moron Mike Pompeo CIA Director Agree s Now! so Does @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Too
Hear hear. Please do so
Please see if the FCC can evaluate Fox news due to its propaganda versus news! The are polluting minds with drastic results!
That can't sustain itself w/o taxpayer $$ and that's bullshit - highend form of welfare
The basics for OCare are Romney s program in Mass. VA might not be all that but I'm thankful I have it-serious matters I go to Cle clinic
You are doing everything  you can to make this a nation of the government, for the government, and by the government.
Millions of Americans that can't afford their co-pay. That's not health care. Get your head out of your rear end and tell the TRUTH!
More lies from Warren.She and the rest of the democrats gave us the mess called Obama care. It is a complete failure.Repeal now!
I'm sure you would be just fine with your daughter being forced to shower with men. Right? Switch parties your not conservative.
If you succeed more people like me will pay the fine for not being insured because I can't afford the premiums/deductibles of ACA.
Please please please run in 2020, YOU ARE THE LEADER THIS COUNTRY NEEDS!!
Keep fighting! We are thankful for you.
Liz Warren for President 2020
Good luck!...you think Hillary got hammered...wait and see if EW runs.
She can take it. Hell, Hillary took it.
We all want the best in the White House.... it's not Trump and surely not Warren!..You want a woman.. I would vote for Tulsi. Know her??
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting to protect health care. We stand with you!
Do you stand w/ her for stealing from na & refusing to pay them back?
Worst decision our government made was getting into the healthcare industry. Because it's a for profit entity the $ is the deciding factor
Sending you support from Canada  
Health care is a human right
Full stop
Not when it's a for profit system.
Keep fighting!  So proud to have you in Mass and America's corner.
Warren doesn't know you and never will....she's the epitome of opportunist in politics...wake up!
And that's how O got elected.
Yes.  He won because he was elected.  What that has to do with Elizabeth Warren is anyone's guess.
Dont let them chip away at the provisions that keep the aca working. It will surely fail. Nothing NOTHING! CHANGES without a complete plan.
What about the rest of us that don't want, need, or agree with your Obamacare...just to hell with us, right ?...
Thank you @SenWarren ! Keep on fighting! I won't stop! So you can't stop.
The onlu things you are trying to safe is your own ass,  your own job, your own GOLD STAR insurance
Not health"care" if can't afford premiums & deductibles or docs don't take O’care patients.  Like a condom in a wallet and you – useless.
Keep fighting for what is right!
Warren don't you know that Obama care has failed Insurance companies are pulling out I can't afford Obama care.
Bravo
While you're defending that could you also help out w/ my 2x premium and 3x deductible after being dropped twice since ACA started?
America will remember @SenateDems w/ 2 extra GOP women fighting for us.  @SenateGOP do the right thing. #SaveOurCare #youareprolife
you do nothing for Americans only lining your pockets
On the back of the working man and woman
Thanks to each of you fighting for us in the Senate, we DO appreciate and plan to keep on fighting ourselves ! We're doing all we can here 
My daughter lost her specialist when u forced your health ins on her. couldn't afford to even use it. She died 5/30/2016.
Go, Ms. Warren!
U r not interested in anything except obstructing the President.
Both TN Sens are R. But know there are those of us in the Volunteer state who support you wholeheartedly.
And what are you doing to make it better? When are you going to reach across the aisle and make it better? @SenWarren
Thank you Dems for saving Obama Care! Americans Need it!
Thank you Senator 
Thank you!
You are backing the wrong horse. Go out of your ivory tower and see what is really happing to people under ACA.
Madame Senator....the greatest tragedy of this is that the GOP has theirs and that's all that matters to them they lack heart.
only ones to fail is you and the democrats in http://DC.You  have no power only lies.
Thank you! Wish the GOP cared about what this will do to their constituents! Keep fighting- lives depend on it!
Thank you, @SenWarren for fighting the good fight. Please continue to do so.
No you're doing everything you can to make sure no bills get passed and that's why the Democrats are failing do your job or get out
Have you found my $2500 in savings Obama promised me.....?????
If only U had tried 2 have fair elections or were fighting 4 it now instead of grandstanding against the consequences of UR party cheating.
Thnk u Sen Warren. We need u & ur colleagues to help us. Raising our voices  #Resist #resistance #aclu
Please keep fighting for it. I have many vets in my family, they EARNED their healthcare, can't be taken away
We love you!
Thank you to all for the fight and standing up for what should be a given.
No you are doing everything you can to undermine and "resist". You and your cronies are an embarrassment to this great country.  #useless
Liar!
Bullshit
Keep up the good work .....too many lives are at stake...... then let's IMPEACH ....,this President is a national nightmare
Really? Funny how your party didn't give a damn about those of us who lost HC policies because of your parties Olosercare. You're a liar.
@SenateDems If ACA was so good why did the Democrats exempt Congress from it?
You want to help those that need it for free, but give a flying f for those that pay for it. You don't even want to debate a fix.
Sen Warren You and Obama gave us this bad health care. You had 8 years to fix it .you sat on your buff and done nothing Now you scream
Everything but fight for #singlepayer #MedicareForAll 
Have you taken money from the insurance lobby?
I stand with you!
No you're not...defending their healthcare involves proposing ideas to fix Obamacare. What ideas have you offered?
By sitting on your hands !
@SenateDems And destroying it for millions of others.  You had 7 yrs to fix it, why didn't you?
You are such a good person, Senator ...
Keep it up! Thank you!!!!
Now that we lost, what next?
Your Party (DIMMS) have done more to hurt health care in this country than the GOP wusses can even think about doing, get real.
no u are doing everything in ur power to obstruct when you know full well obamacare is not working! millions want u to work together to fix
Thank you @SenWarren. @SenateGOP PLEASE stop this madness and #KillTheBill. Think about your legacy. Think about ALL Americans.
STOP CELEBRATING THEIR FAILURES
It angers the sleeping bears and makes them keep going.
Then get to work and make ocare affordable. Stop worrying about Russia and do your job.
The millions that can afford it and not drop out.....?
People you got to get over before you go under. God Will Always  Be in Control. Peace
Defending it would be to help fix Obamacare. Keep some of it & fix what isn't working. Just flat out refusing to do anything isn't helping!
Thank you Senator
No they keep winning.  You keep losing.  That's how delusional you've become Pocahontas.
Health care is far beyond being a Democrat or Republican issue. It's about being decent human beings & helping one another. That is America!
Thank You.
Thank you, Ms. Warren!
Thank you! Keep it up!
Thank you @SenWarren and every GOP member doing the right thing.



Thank you. Thank you all. Please keep fighting; it's exhausting
Then can we just impeach him and the whole crew and start over?
@CancerCouch @SenateGOP We will be putting a real Indian in your seat.
Let's all "Support Life!" No one wants to remain on "Life Support!" Please work together @SenWarren
I think that it's a shame that millions of Americans are going to lose their health care because of this poor excuse of a president.
By forcing them to pay for it?
Thank you so much everyday for fighting for us !!!
Again!  We mst  hve a government whose emphasis is on equality & sharing An egalitarian society is produced by political leverage from below
that restrains the top's power and privileges  If American citizens want JUSTICE we must possess this equalizing tendency
GOPers: Just give us the same insurance you enjoy on our tax money  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/25/heres-how-much-members-of-congress-pay-for-their-health-insurance.html …
Then why did you pass Obamacrap? Where is my promised $2,500 savings? Why did I lose my plan? Why did I lose my Drs?

You are a LIAR!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you @SenWarren!
No matter who supported Hillary or Bernie we, the people should come together & forget the foolishness. If this continues the Dems will fail
Why don't you do everything you can to work with the GOP to pass something that makes sense?
Keep fighting for us @SenWarren
Thank you for fighting for Frankie!
One payer system is terrible ask Charlie Guard and his parents what they think #worktogether
Once again Elizabeth make this health care plan for all of you at the same time quit exempting yourself
Thank you!  Keep up the good fight!
Do you not realize what you claim Reps are responsible for in the future is what Dems are already doing now?
Couldn't have said it better @LisaBornfree247  
You guys need to do more. Why is there not more of a resistance? Why did Obama face a crippling opposition vs this clown?
It would be really helpful if you would do everything to FIX HC for millions of Americans. Negotiate and compromise are not dirty words.
@SenateDems THANK YOU!
Here is a thought propose an alternative bill. You are allegedly smart. Not a single payer bill & one that congress can't exempt from.
Repeal it!
Stop lying! The government has no business in healthcare. Obamacare is expensive and ineffective government bureaucracy.
If you want to help Americans with health care, please repeal and replace Obama care
Much love going out to you for the consistent work you continue on behalf of the American people. You, ma'am are a true Patriot!
Give it up Lizz . Here's a question >>>> Do you have Obama Care?
No. You are doing everything you can to disrupt and embattled our elected President.
DEMS MUST DEVELOP + DISSEMINATE A SOLID PLATFORM FOR 2018 NOW 
Where's the "side" for GOP; both sides, pls?  House Dems were great to take the Visitors Center Tues & update us:  https://www.c-span.org/video/?431808-1/house-democrats-hold-policy-meeting-affordable-care-act-changes …
Had open market before ACA.Wealthy could afford it, and prems went up every http://year.Now  they are saying it will work this time?
Keep fighting for those with no voice - WOMEN.  Who were locked out of the committee
Thank you
Keep up the good work!!!!!!!!!
Thank you! #shepersisted #theresistance
Thank you!
Obamacare is a failure and so is Pocahontas
Saw you on Rachel. Keep up the good work. I appreciate your assertiveness

THANK YOU, LIZA!!
KEEP IT UP!!
NEXT POTUS!!
Dems+Reps=idiots^2
But do nothing to improve the issues - this is just stupid behavior and attitude. Silly games
Taking to the streets today!
keep fighting for country and get gop to understand who this hurts parents elderly young and even veterans.thank you
Keep up the good work @SenWarren!
Thank you, Senator Warren!
And in doing so screw millions working to help pay for everyone else! Good luck with your reelection bid--YOU NEED IT!
Since when - you have already screwed it up royally - it is time to get out of the way and let the open market deal with it
You are a liar. I am an american and Obamacare is a failure for me Liz. What about me!?

Elizabeth, you are beautiful inside and out, keep up the great work!
Now it's time for Dems and Reps to come together and create a great ACA. I Pray that a plan that benefits all Americans is on it's way
I don't think so
The repeal of #Obamacare will open the free market to compete against each other provide the most affordable healthcare. It's capitalism
Just evil
TY @SenWarren for fighting for the People that Really Matter.t-RUMP just wants to Undo anything OBAMA and that's just WRONG,Good things work
