GUESS WHAT LIZ ITS ALL Been FAKE News U LEFT Wingers ARE SO Gullible run with anything to put TRUMP DOWN
GET HIM OUT NOW. we are sick and tired of waiting.
And he and his party are whores without heart.
Have you heard the names that Trump calls people? I agree name calling isn't helpful. Perhaps Trump should lead by example?
Guess you live in a hole not to have heard republicans labeled every name in the book for not believing like a liberal.
Name calling from anyone isn't helpful. Especially not from the President.
Go away #Pocahontas Liberal Liar.  #MAGA
Out of office FOR WHAT?!? Having a different political opinion? Speaking his mind? Time to get rid of all corruption & he's one to do it
Fuck trump
What is being done about impeachment proceedings???? He is not fit for office!!! He must be impeached immediately
No one can influence this fool. All he cares about is enriching himself in his quest to be the richest guy in the world 
That's PRESIDENT Trump, Pocahontas
did u tell Obama that when he disclosed seal team 6
LET START A ELIZABETH AN IDIOT CAMPAIGN
God bless all of you, may peace and prosperity befall all in this country I conceder great
More blather and BS from someone who lied about her ethnic background in order to game the system.  Look in the mirror senator.
Where were you when HRC knowing lied about the thousands of work related emails not returned to the state dept and classified documents?
Its not time to remind him, tweet him, or give interviews about him. Its time to hold him accountable for impeachable offenses!#ImpeachTrump
Name one
This is hilarious! Somebody "might" make a laptop bomb, and take it on an airplane. And Trump brings it up. 20 year old fake news.
@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
He looks glum cause he has to listen to all of your shit, the venom that spews from the masses mouth, how bout 1000 tell you shit all day
The evil the shame the bs, was already here he just kicked the door open so all ciuld see, and then fix it
Bernie would've won. Bernie would already know that, and we would all still have healthcare.  What was your choice in the rigged primary?
@meezergal This. #CAPIdeas #RESISTANCE #resist
TRUMP needs to step down. What an embarrassment TRUMP is to all of us. He is loud, conceited, bigoted, dishonest and ignorant. IMPEACHMENT.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You mean like unmasking American citizens and leaking that info to The NY Times or Washington post. Your an idiot.
Your pathetic tirade is adorable. I hope you go bankrupt after losing to @va_shiva  and the poor eat you alive.
Impeach now! Or declare him mentally incompetent.
#Blabbergate #BlabberInChief
It is obvious that you do not know the powers of the president of what he can and can not do. Indian chief warren.
You speak with forked tongue, Fauxcahontas. #trump
"I know a secret & you don't-nanana"
Time for Articles of Impeachment
They r stupid n I hope they find out whose gossiping n put to jail yeah
Shut up woman!
Bla bla bla I hate everyone except left wing nuts.
Elizabeth Warren is #fakenews. Just a bunch of hot air.
Oh. Where you there.
From the one who will never be President or Hillary's choice for VP!
Now is the time to fire those leaky intelligence officials
All graduates dont work for Senator Elizabeth Warren becasue Female Staffers Made $20,000 Less than Male Staffers -
Tell that to Chelsea Manning you double standard advocating hypocrite!
What exactly did POTUS tell them? You don't know anymore than the "alleged" source. Maybe all "fake" possibly? Your more like misinformed
They are things that Progressives trade for money and favors.
Good luck with that one.  When Trump thinks blabbing will show he's a bigshot, his gums will start flapping like a flock of birds' wings.
Y
Yes NOW, come together..across the board, each one reach one..compromise, stretch, impeach..quickly
Well, he didn't want to be empty handed when the Russians came calling.
why do you need GOP approval to investigate a crime? it is not within the powers of congress to block or shield crimes
45 doesn't want this POTUS job. He's going to see how far he can go with even more outrageous antics before someone tells him HE'S FIRED!
@HillaryClinton already made us a laughing stock with mishandling classified info.Yea lets talk about that.But u won't or don't!
Private server
Did you remind Clinton that confidential emails shouldn't be delivered to a private server or deleted? No credibility
Last week when it was announced that laptops weren't allowed on planes to US from EU was kind of a giveaway any1 with a brain knew
...or casual parlor chit-chat!
And it's time to remind you that high cheekbones don't mean your a Native American
no he'll just put it in an unsecured computer so our enemies can see everything
What role did you play in the death of Seth Rich? You've proven you have no morals, so ..........
Locker room talk?
Did you remind Hillary of that during the campaign?
Nor was the sensitive information Hillary was passing through her electronics. Traitor Hillary & ISIS Obama!
The fact that the POTUS even needs reminding is sickening. They should just know this.  #wishfulthinking
Talk is cheap. When are all of you going to do something? We wouldn't have to #MarchForTruth if our reps would do their jobs
Just fake news according to the Deplorable in Chief.  Keep lining your golden cesspool.
This is outrages he needs to be impeached now
Unfortunate,  but our allies are leaving and our enemies are applauding
Bwahahaha you are as correct about this as you are native American. Not at all
Something an elected official should know before they take office.
But Trump said that he knows more than the generals, and he get his intel briefings from @FoxNews. What can go wrong? 
Thank you Senator. Please encourage the House to initiate impeachment proceedings immediately. #ImpeachTrump
Ms. Warren, he has endangered our country w/ ineptitude & disloyalty. PLEASE move swiftly toward impeachment. He is a danger to USA.

too late
The pot calling the kettle black! You should be making these comments to the DNC and your cohorts! They are a mess! You guys need help!
So far, I haven't seen any intelligence, only secrets (Cover ups).
Will you remind Feinstein and obama too? Both leaked.
Tomorrow he'll be sharing our nuclear codes. And nothing will be done about that either.
So you agree that whoever is leaking classified intel to the WaPo should be prosecuted? That is what you're saying right.
@SenWarren I'm glad you got your level 5 security clearance. But where does the #CAP fit into national security?
You and "Intelligence" are mutually exclusive
...And then he followed that up with an attempt to tamper with a witness! There is just so much he is culpable of it's laughable
Apparently NATO staff preparing for his visit have been told to keep talks to less than 4 mins in length because of his poor attention span!
Senator Warren, he probably thinks the intelligence is fake news . He is a danger to our country .
Can't believe he's still in office. His actions last week firing Comey effectively made him guilty of an obstruction of justice!
We shouldn't have to remind  him, he should have known better.
Psst, I realize your aren't as lacking as you know your audience is but you sure as hell seem like it, dishonest and uninformed as this is.
Now is the time to #LockHerUp , time to find the leakers and lock them up. No more favors for any party members.
Where were you when Killary Clinton thought it was ok to destroy emails and have classified info on a private server?
It's very hard to hold a passive aggressive man child accountable. Nothing is his fault, ever! So he won't learn from it.
Most people absorb knowledge easily,just because you struggle with it is no reason to assume others do
Since Congress is going to do NOTHING..it is time to get our affairs in order, and come to terms that our govt is GOING TO KILL US.
So why did Hillary forward here emails to people who didn't have the clearance to read them you hypocrite
No, now is the time to initiate the impeachment of his sorry ass.
time for you to realize you are nuts!
you endoresed @HillaryClinton, she sentg classified documents to Weiner.. bro.. wtf is wrong with you #SethRichCoverUp
Like Obama did with Castro?
So Liz, both you and @NancyPelosi are in favor of innocent people being blown out of the sky by #ISIS. Good to know you took a stand.  LOL
He's  POTUS  he should know,  I don't believe he needs to be reminded

It's fortunate .@POTUS Donald "Zero-Proof (no alcohol)" Trump doesn't drink. Imagine what he'd tell the Russians over a bottle of vodka.
BAD
And I'm reminding you Liz that the majority of Americans did not vote for Donny. Stop tweeting and start deleting Donny from office!!!!
GO TRUMP!
#sethrich #DNCLeaks
He could care less.
He acts like a giddy little child around Russians or mere mention of Russians - well, PUTIN, particularly.  WHY?
Maybe you should tell your friend Hillary the same thing!!
Help us. Please. Obstruct obstruct obstruct.
Trump looked like a schoolboy on the playground sharing gossip.  He knew them as buddies.  They've met many times beforehand. #Dolt45
Aren't the Russians our ally in the war on terror? I'd be more upset if they weren't sharing Intel. #fakenews
Is rather just show him to his jail cell.
tell that to Jeff Bezos
Yes , DT has compromised a source and that country might be unwilling to share intel with  US. "Loose lips sink ships!" ( WW2 slogan)
You can share some intel but cardinal rule is not to give source!  Stop golfing; learn how to be a president-you serve at our discretion!
When are you ever in Congress?
Not gossip but certainly ok to leave on an unsecured private server in a bathroom at your house right?
.He was paid well by the people he is leaking the info to.  They did help him become President.
You say this like @realDonaldTrump has the capacity to understand simple concepts. He doesn't.
Now is the time to do a real investigation into the Wikileaks leaker. Turns out it was an employee of DNC who was murdered 
You're hate when campaigning for your evil friend Hillary Clinton is what failed her because you're group went too far to destroy Trump @CNN
Warren2020?
Your republican co-workers would have hanged Hillary on Capital Hill, if she had done this.
Dear Mr. Trump, Please Don't Eat The Daisies (one of many concepts that are clear to intelligent people.)
That's really funny coming frm someone with absolutely NO FOREIGN AFFAIRS experience. Lying suits u much better.
He doesnt understand the diff bet gossip & infomation. he thinks the National Enquirer is a viable info source, but the NYT is fake news

It's really time to remove this man from the Office of the President!
The President's trying to solve world problems and you're all bent out of shape about the Washington Post
Potus looks happy only when he is with his Russian buddies - he always looks glum otherwise!
dear Madame, now is the time to Impeach. Time for talk and reason is no longer an option
NO..  now is the time to put extreme PRESSURE on @GOP members to start impeachment proceedings. Sen Warren, what are YOU DOING to help that?
What are the grounds from impeachment?  You people are so butt hurt that Crooked Hillary lost, you make up things to make you feel good.
Reminder: Anonymous sources are just rumors.
he's just a load mouth  know nothing
Now is the time for @SenWarren to resign.  When will America wake up?  #WakeUPAmerica

Yes!
Reminder: you're still being conned.
