Trump is a terrible businessman. I do not trust or support him. Republican turning democrat!
I have no love for either party, but at least Dems aren't "my way or the highway" and "my god is better than your god."
That's because they have no way , just obstruction, & they serve self not any god
When will team MAGA please acknowledge Republicans CONTROL senate, congress, Trump in the White House. Problem is republicans. Can't govern.
I found that out the hard way. Trump made it worse! Now they really look incompetent.
They don't just look that way. They are actually bonafide, certified incompetent.
While you spout propaganda w/o any facts , you are letting hate & bias distort common sense
I'm actually trying to have a civilized conversation. If you wish to participate - here are the facts: NOTHING DONE.
As opposed to the 10 Trillion put on in the last 8 years.  Please stop lying to your constituents
I don't think u get economics. I've abt 3/10 clues, I know enuf 2 tell u the last 8 yrs have been spent paying down GWB's war & TARP.
Liz, time to wake up.  TARP was 400 bn and gov recovered 441 bn. Obama inherited 1 trillion deficit but was responsible for the rest. Facts.
So tell me, cutting taxes mostly on top earners will do what to reduce our deficit? Where will that $ come from? This is not smart tax plan.
Small biz owners (99% of all employers)get to keep more money -  invest in people, buy equip, and reduce the need for entitlements
They sure screamed when they had to provide healthcare to employees. I am doubtful that they will raise wages.
Healthcare is very expensive for employers. But low unemployment and higher demand leads to higher wages.
What Trump is saying is that the proposed tax cuts on businesses will lead to increasing wages.
That's the GOP story for the last 50 years. They take no blame for their mistakes. And credit for others efforts. damn, sounds like Trump.
This goes back to '81when Reagan cut taxes. He did it again in '86, then had to raise them 11 times 2 "correct". Recessions in 87 & 90 #FAIL
Why aren't tax cuts called what they are: SPENDING on the rich.
More like regifting. Cutting taxes on the rich lets them keep their money. The expectation is that they'll reinvest in biz. Doesn't happen.
After 8 years of Reagan, he proved that trickle down economics does not work. The rich hoard their money,and do not reinvest save tax money.
By "he" do you mean Bruce Bartlett, or ? I just posted a WaPo article  written by BB yesterday. Also posted a CSPAN video of him frm ystrdy.
I meant Reagan, but I see you are better schooled on it. I was only a teenager, and didn't follow it that closely in those days.
Sean, did u happen 2 read the WaPo article on Bruce Bartlett? He actually worked on tax reform 4 the R's in '81, now sees error of his ways!
It is sad. It looks like the lobbyist may effect a couple GOP. Stop trump at all cost. Correct Sen. They can't have trump succeede. Look bad
The establishment can not allow Trump to accomplish what he said he would get done. Why u ask. It would show that a president can get...
Stuff done for the people.  Not only get it done, but get it done in a short amount of time. Think what that would do to future elections.
We would never elect a politician again. Trump is hated not because he is an awful person.  Nope. He is hated because he didn't need their..
Money, which means he owes no favors to big business. Think about it people. When BP oil calls the WH trump doesn't have to take the call
Our entire government is owned and only gets done what the top 1% want to get done.  Trump is Kryptonite.  Watch they will put pressure on
Republicans to keep things from happening. There will be excuses and trump will look like a failure, but I don't think it's gonna work
We haven't had a true president since Kennedy. The establishment doesn't control trump so every working man and women should be supportive

CBO study shows that ‘the rich’ don’t just pay a ‘fair share’ of federal taxes, they pay almost everybody’s share 
youve voted to raise the debt limit every chance you got. dont bother preaching about the deficit now
Different issues.
dear lord. and you vote...
I do. Every. Single. Election.
yea, thats why i weep for our future.
Crybaby
How do we get people to understand that when the govt that protects people goes away, the momentum of money takes over? That is SLAVERY!!!
#stupid_is_as_stupid_votes
Look at Kansas for how well this type of tax plan works #Brownback experiment
That's their intention.
I seriously doubt it Senwarren. Obama did more damage to this country than any other president.  He spent more than any others  trillion/yr
You and your party are so out of touch with the Ppl and need to be disbanded.What does youe party even stand for other then hate and lies
I got a better idea! Let's gut the high pay of congressional leaders, to save money! Let's cut their benefits, to save USA! Ryan's 1st...
Let's make a law that states congress shall have the same insurance they give their constituents
That is THE RIGHT thing to do! But let's face it, they NEVER WORK for their pay, they are working on STEALING TAX payer $ for their funtime!
We do stop raping my paycheck to support the Socialist ideals.  And furthermore maybe you should pay for YOUR health care- hypocrite
You have absolutely no moral high ground on exploding the deficit when you more than trebled the debt & deficit in 8yrs  #TheFive
And then to add insult want a NHS in America which would beyond explode hc to an irreparable state.
The rabbit hole you live in must be stunning.
Please reach across the isle and convince GOP to provide tax relief to 
middle class and not support POTUS tax breaks for the wealthy.
don't listen to your party right now. you will have more in your pocket every payday. The wealthy will pay more. This is why I left the Dems
Exactly. It's a 100% deliberate strategy to create more debt so that they can then demand more cuts.
It's that  Laffer Curve, based on air. It only cre8s deficits & no trickle down. Rich don't reinvest, they bank. Small biz needs the cuts.
What about DemoCRAPS exploding the deficits and NATIONAL DEBT under Obama. Just shy of doubling the debt in 8 years. Trillion $$ deficits.
Foggy crystal ball
You and your comrades had 8 years to fix it and did nothing!!
Elizabeth Warren for President!
Ah pushing more fear. Why not let legal Americans have their money
It's all abt tax cuts 4 the rich, deficit spending & trickle down BS. No tax benefits 4 small businesses. No job creation. Don't believe it!
That's funny coming from someone who didn't say a damn thing about the national debt being doubled under President Obama!!
Obama had to repair the financial calamity Bush jr. caused with his fraudulent war? Still spending too much money on war fighting.
Yes and thanks to him we have more people in poverty, stagnant wage growth, and Obama care! You call that a success after eight years?
I say tax the oligarchs and provide tax relief for workers and the poor.
Or perhaps, the churches?
Sen. Warren is  correct. Find out details for yourself. It's ultimately a tax cut for the rich. It'll bring 0 $ into economy
What?. Seriously, do you know what the deficit was prior to President Obama?
Explode the deficit: see 7 TRILLION under Obama. Doubled. Now Dems are fiscally responsible? Please. 

#TaxReform would allow small business owners to expand their operations—and give raises to hardworking employees. http://bit.ly/2x2aMu1 
You certainly have a way of distorting the truth about everything. Living in such a negative light is harmful to your health.
OK Pocahontas keep spreading your lies
I want to see your tax plan, Pocahontas. If you don't have one then shut up, and keep doing nothing like you always do.
Trump: "let's drain the swamp!" He filled it with more snakes!

When Ronald Reagan cut corporate tax rates in 1986 wages fell for four years straight. https://twitter.com/Wonkblog/status/913035320362446850 …
Glad you can predict the future Pocahontas
Trump supporters: if you're not rich, this will hurt you.
He’s got more money and you got
Go back home Pocahontas
I think we've cut enough on education. Look who got elected
We should actually raise taxes & cut all those until deficit is going. #DeficitIsImmoral
#fakenews #pokemyhontas #lies #scrrecher
The Republican way.... steal from the poor, give to the rich.  Then blame the poor. Repeat.  Scum of the earth.
No these 3 weather related disasters will

I invite the GOP to take a good look at what a similar tax plan did to the Kansas economy.  We have been hurting because of it for years.
Since when do the democrats worry about deficit? Check the growth under our previous President.  What hypocrites
Tax cuts to the wealthy is not TAX REFORM. INCREASES in lowest bracket unfair & will not solve deficit problem.
Is it possible that Medicaid and Medicare need gutted?
In other words, what your saying is " stick it to someone but don't look in my "gov. Closet" of goodies and perks I receive
JESUS! NOW!
Since when did you give a damn about deficits
Both parties are the problem. We need real change. It's not about party. It's about AMERICA 
And meantime, they're sabotaging Obamacare
Yep.Never enough $$ 4 health,education,infrastructure 4 Americans,never ending magically appearing on-the-credit-card $$ for military,corp
I say no to this tax reform bill. I am tired of republicans enriching corporations at the expense of middle class. We have to fight back!
2) Or you're taking advantage of ur constituency ignorance like many people in office do to please you're wealthy cronie capitalist donors!
1) Elizabeth you're either really ignorant & should not be in office ma'am or you're bought off by the cronie capitalist corporations
Lies of your ignorance
Republicans are fine with exploding the deficit as long as it involves giving lots of $ to themselves & their rich friends. #CorruptGOP
That's exactly what they'll say and push for!
Tax plan proves again that America is a giant welfare state existing primarily for benefit of 1% rich people
Why are you talking about the Democrat plan
Mr.AC, are you really that stupid?  What type of response is that?
Because they are dusting off Regan/Bush era policies that had same results. Vision is a prerequisite for leadership @POTUS @WhiteHouse lack.
It's his style
Why does it seem like democrats will attack all GOP plans but have nothing new to add but #Resist how does resist help the middle class?
Ideally they'd abolish all those programs resign control of them to the states and cut federal spending in half.
And @BarackObama HCCARE didn't explode the deficit by $1T over the past 4yrs?! And yeh, Medi's and Welfare need to be shaved back!
You are so far out of touch. Limbaugh covered the tax plan and shot down your bias analysis.
Cut
Keep us sick and uneducated, thus less able to fight back when they take away our rights and freedom.
Wish their was an angry button!
That all part of their goal. Smh
We will be fine!  We just have to file bankruptcy and not pay our employees. Trump got rich this way.
And...they claim to be the fiscally responsible party! 
Deficits only count when Democrats are in the White House
...and then they will blame Obama for it all.
There goes another demoRAT fear mongering everything. And she is still on her hands and knees kissing ODufas ass and telling he was great.
Where do you get your information? From Great Spirit In Sky? Why don't you just go make your hubby a sammich or at least some fry bread.
And then propose to privatize those programs..because it is written and the script so far has been followed as planned..right?
Republicans can't do math. 330 mil people, 12.6 mil sq. miles, raise taxes on wealthy? No, 'shrink' gov'ment and tax cuts!!
Doesn't the GOP already do that before this horrible bill?  Yes?  I would like to see the end of lobbying to end the nonsense.
I can't have it both ways Elizabeth
And that's what they've wanted for decades.It's been out there and available for citizens to read about. It's their MO.
There beliefs are that the US govt be responsible for defense and little else.
Of course it will.
Grrrrrrr! We the People stand with you as you fight for us!!!
Whoa whoa whoa...
Weren't these the same people crying about the national debt?

Don't let these clowns off the hook, Senator.
proposed tax plan is an evil joke on the middle class. We will lose needed deductions that are worth much more than the purported savings!
You obviously don't know anything about....anything, so you should shut up and let the adults take care of the money.
Our country is already way too unequal. You know it is corrosive to shared norms and values. Must stop them. Ayn Rand is a joke (a bad one).
Once again the GOP is pushing "tax reform". Their proposal will not put a dime in the pocket of working families
More trickle down nonsense
Get back in there & kick butt & take names Elizabeth ! Please! GOP is trouble!
I'm sure that's the @GOP intent. If they can't repeal the #ACA one way, they'll kill it, & us, the other way. #ThursdayThoughts
I think the killing has Been part of the intent all along. Healthcare doesn't cost much when everybody's healthy.
National Debt nearly doubled under Obama administration. Now $20 Trillion. 
Democrats have literally ignored middle class for 20 years.
@eimzkavanagh Just What The "GIANT BALL OF CHAOS" WANTS!
TRUTH
We are top heavy with too many older funded programs.  If a program ends, use those funds for new ones.  Brainless demise.  Embarrassing.
It’s a pretty simple plan. Prove government is the problem by making it ineffective.
My governor spending $ on the undocumented instead of paying for collapsed infrastructure, then taxing me twice explodes our deficits.
This is the Libertarian endgame. We need to make "librtarian" a dirty word the way they made liberal" one. Except this time the shoe fits.
Why are you so negative? We need new health Care we need new tax codes. I think president Trump should sign an executive order saying all Congress gets the same Obamacare as all Americans get
More absolute lies...WHO believes this crap??
Squeeze the middle class so the Billionaires can keep more for themselves. #taxscam @SenWarren @Shoshanna1982
Also, squeeze blue states as penalty for being democrat.

Don't bother to creaticize the republicans to confuse people because 8 years was enough for us to get to know you.
He wants to put order in this country and stop all the kaos you democrats create and stop all the corrupted programs you create to still money.
Any opportunity you democrats have to steel money from regular American people you do it. You are all thiefs. You never gave the country anything bit you always still from the people of this country. TRUMP is a giver and an honest man.
Without trump's tax returns he is hidden.   Suggest WE proclaim higher assets and income and show HIS savings even if WE can not prove them
Glad you see thru the "advertising".   Trump says Everyone benefits but it really means I save billions and there are peanuts for you.  ///1
You like to scare people with Medicare and Medicaid aren't you? Well you are not, because we know you are a liar and you want to still monet out of these programs.
Gov spending has been exploding for years.  Maybe Gut gov spending
why aren't Tax cuts consider to be as SPENDING on the rich???
They're cutting taxes without replacing the money. Yet there's 80B extra for the military....
GOP will leave a deficit mess just like Bush. The Dems will work years to fix it and GOP will say it was Dems fault.  Let the spin begin.
While the 1 percent radical rich get richer robbing the other classes
TY for fighting and being our reasonable voice
That is their ultimate goal in everything they do. They (most)have never had to live on a small salary and make it until the next paycheck a full 2 weeks. Heartlessness
What is exploding the deficit is the Dems and their spending and give aways.
Explode the deficit...you mean like Obama did?? 20 trillion now. Yep, Trump is the problam.
I just said the same thing! They plan to gut it, this is the attack from behind. Trumpcare was the frontal attack.
That's been the MO
True that, and GOP will probably cut Socual Security too
Taxation just makes us sharecroppers.
You stole record amounts of our earnings, doubled the debt (while food stamp usage skyrocketed) and it is never enough for you greedy SOBs.
Have we lost Our Country? I'm more upset every day, with every new book, story I read.
@POTUS EXACTLY! They're trying to create a self fulfilling prophecy and give the rich welfare on the backs of the poor and middle class!
Would you protect me from many large fish though?
So where do you think it's right to give tax breaks and credits to low income people who pay little or no taxes in the first place?
Funny. Warren complaining about growing deficit. Where was she during Obama?

The same way Trump makes other people pay for things while he keeps his money
Another blatant lie. Thectax plab will reduce deficit by 1T.
#wealthfare take from the 99% give to the rich
My exact first thought...just another "set-up" by the GOP.
They'll never cut YUGE defence spending, or spend in infrastructure to genuinely produce goods & services or eductn or get #SinglePayer #FBR
Since when did a big government spender like you care about the Debt!!! Drain the swamp
.@SenWarren make amendment that while the Corp tax rate is below 39%, no cuts allowed to Medicare Medicare and ss #TaxPlan
hahahahahaha...... After what Obama did to the dificit that is Not possible!
TheWall, Puerto Rico-Florida-Texas, upcoming wars Afgh, NKorea, Iran, South China Sea, Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela ... tax cuts!? Does DT lie?
That is scary and believable
Scary
THAT HAS ALWAYS BEEN #gop PLAN GUT #SOCIALSECURITY LIFE IS SHORT @realdonaldtrump #trump want it SHORTER w MORE MISERY for WORKING POOR
The democrats like you are the reason the deficit is 20trillion not the GOP. All you do is lie about everything
GOP has no ideas beyond enriching themselves at the expense of the 99%. After 30+ years, do they believe the rest of us haven't caught on?
Exactly. They forgot the part about providing for the common good.
Whistleblowing, former Senior Counsel to the World Bank, says 100% of r federal tax $$ gets-by hook or by crook-to Corp of London & Vatican.
Same ole same ole. Not sure why I bother.  I’m not rich,  that won’t change, no matter if there a breaks or not. There’s only 1 class winner
Honestly since when do you care about the deficit after voting for more wars!
maybe they could all stop using chartered jets?
You are a true patriot! You rock & are a hero to all Sen Warren!
You're right on the money when it comes to the GOP they spend it like drunken sailors Michelle Obama Elizabeth Warren 2020 make the GOP cray
Thank you we  you we need your help
Anything I can do
They designed it to wreck the economy. They don’t care about us!
@InSpiteOfTrump Yep
More greed and hypocracy!
This administration cannot be trusted with tax reform until Trump makes his tax returns public
Not a good time for tax cuts! Not a good plan period!
Yes good point. But Trump does not tell people this. He hides this information and hopes to push it thru.
trump doesn't like those that aren't successful or contributing 2 US n away that makes economic collateral.We, who r poor,disabled or old
r a drain on his agenda, that includes his "deporables". But, his deporables cannot see through his facade. There would b more money for him
and his family and friends w/o the disabled and seniors and even some children. trump doesn't want children educated bc than they would grow
up n2 responsible adults that wouldn't b lead a stray by him & others like him. We r heading towards another recession, almost depression as
a tax plan that only benefits the rich and corporations are pushed upon us.A firing squad would b better for us.It would b quicker 2 get rid
of us who r a good investment.
Am I slow or aren't they already trying to do that?
Now your worried about the deficit. Hypocrite
Oh so now you are starting to care about the deficit! Maximize the economy & Tax revenue will rise.  Deficit problem will decrease. Simple!

It will be a huge hit to the middle class in California.
#StarveTheBeast, this is how it's done.
ABOLISHING THE ESTATE TAX CREATES THE KIND OF DYNASTIC WEALTH THAT DECIMATES DEMOCRACY - WE MUST NOT LET THIS HAPPEN.
I thought the @GOP had a fetish for balanced budgets. You mean it was all - gasp! - a lie?
Nothing new here
People don't realize that tax cuts WILL affect our GNP along w/cutting essentials in medical care! He's trying one way or another to cut ACA
Why are they so blind to this fact
The GOP is not stupid. They are always working out new ways to take from the poor & middle class to line their pockets.
https://twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/913026884178386945 … put together some clips. You guys fight with feathers while Trump uses nukes.Fight with simple comen sense.
Thanks to everyone who helped to kill the #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill - it shall not pass! 
Honestly I don't see that much of a change  it's not cutting edge,  It's moderate. Quit crying wolf!
GET A LIFE. VOTE FOR THE GOP TAX PLAN. GREAT FOR AMERICA.
Chief Crazy Battt Sheeeeattt Obama added more debt (10 trillion) then all other 43 Presidents combined.... WHERE WERE YOU THEN? #MAGA
You were not concerned about the deficit when Obamy was in office. Dems are nothing but brainless hypocrites
Why does the government need to be taking so much of our $ in the first place? Cut military/govt spending with tax cuts! @realDonaldTrump
Starve the beast...they never change.
#GOP keep saying it's ot revenue, but spending.  Ha ha!  It is appropriate balance and flexibility around revenue AND spending. #TaxReform
Paul Ryan's comments on Hannity last night: "GOP rolled back 14/15 Obama rules using CRA because Dem's can't filibuster.  To get around the crazy filibuster rule,we will do the tax bill in such a way that they cannot filibuster and limit the debate time to get it done."
There’s no tax hike a Dem didn’t like.
Chicken little.
It's going to
 be really nice when you become president
Indeed. The GOP will use any way they can to cut out all the social net programs.  It is obviously their agenda.  They are a ruthless.
