.@SenWarren When did we vote to make America the world's homeless shelter?
Long before heartless men put money above human life!
So I can assume that your home is full of refugees you've taken in, then?
Actually close friends of mine are attempting to get their family out of Syria as you tweet isolationism.
.@DPTBW So I ask again, how many refugee families are living in your home?
They're NOT here you ASS because they have been blocked by the new Admin. STFU until you know what you're talking about.
.@DPTBW If you want me to STFU, the mute button is right there in the upper right corner.
Money trails only lead TO the Trump F. Because non was ever paid out except for bribes and painting of him.
How many Jews did the same thing during WWII? And how many did the US turn away? History is a funny thing.  So incredibly sad.
are you learning disabled?
You're doing a Kaufman thing here. No way  that your serious.
I imagine their decision is similar to that of many Cubans over the years. What did Obama do to them?
True this a heart breaking tragedy of 8 years of lack of USA foreign-policy under Democratic leadership #lookinthemirror
Thank you for understanding. And for being a beacon of leadership.
And they say they're pro-life :-(.
Thank you for having empathy and compassion for all people.
yes, thank you and please continue. We need to see this kind of empathy from our leaders more than ever.
you could take as many refugees into your home as you want. Have you offered?????
We can thank Clinton n Obama 4 2 things. 1st The Arab Sprung that totally disrupted n furthered terrorist agenda.
why aren't you speaking up about #POTUSTrump and his lack of recognition of the judicial branch of gov?
@Skamama01 WAIT!  Quiet everyone...... Fauxcahontas had a thought.
Lady your losing it.
my question do you really want that kind of horror here. Or just open borders at all cost!!!!
senator Warren why don't you take a couple dozen of these wonderful people and let them live in one of your mansions or estates?
Hmmmmm.... I guess it was the horrors that you want to bring to this country.
2nd HRC n BHO thought n arrogant knowledge that was false created mass exodus w/terrorists mixed in. Now its protect mode 4 USA
Thank you senator for all you do, its going to be a long& hard fight for the future of our  country! 
#powerfulwomen
Will you take them in? Will you feed, cloth and pay for them out of your pocket? We have our own to take care of 1st, dont we?
@realDonaldTrump the only way to stop this is to teach the world that there is no way into to begin with*no matter what you pay
What about the parents and families HERE and the horror they faced when their loved ones were murdered by ISIS sympathizers
no help from you could have been averted but you and Obama sat on your hands thanks to you much suffering is happening
Take them in at your mansion with 0 % loan of 1.3 million undisclosed  bank of america line of credit.
God bless your heart, the parents sold the little girl, she is a victim, and used as a front to touch our hearts.
Bad parents!
please encourage domocrats to have the courage of the Pakistani girl shot for going to school or Ann frank to stand for justice
@FionaGillen2013 why have you and others not stood up against the wars in Middle East. Then you wouldn't have displaced ppl
like that ! And then say we don't. We don't need a wall shooting between drug lords and the mex army .!
you should come to the southern border see what happens to you over here .! We can hear the shootings from here see if u going to
you should have stayed over there .!!!! And give them your money .!! You selfish woman
The comments, the hate, nastiness & ignorance that has been cultivated via 24/7 FOX news nonstop indoctrination is ghastly
Americans care about others. They do. But they're getting tired of politicians not putting Americans first.
A parent who sends their child on a perilous journey is not a good parent.
Pure desperation. Some caused by ISIS, some caused by the Syrian government. There's no winner,  only lost innocence & lost souls
please do something! This delusional idiot is ruining our country!
Whats the rich UAE Bahrain Qatar AbuDhabi SA Kuwaiti doing about it 
Oh nothing? Just watching your futility?
why didn't you push for safe zones?you have fake rage as most liberals do,they have idea how to solve problems,just feelings
I think about what horrors must possess democrats to hand over wads of cash to planned parenthood to kill babies. You're a fraud.
you are a good woman. These tweets about refugees, especially children, hurt me to the very core. Thanks for caring.
I understand why mothers in slavery killed their children so they wouldn't suffer the same fate but b free!
do you ever think of American kids?
Ask the republicans who don't care abt poison water, food, hx care, education etc for American kids.
If you are so unhappy with America, why not move away? How about Syria or North Korea?
I always hear people say to move away if you don't like it. Me, I'd rather try to change it than to run and hide.
You have the money, why not buy her a plane ticket. Stop the year jerking rhetoric.
You thought about it, but what did you specifically DO about it?
Attach links to specific actions, other than yapping.
Are you sure they are human "smugglers" and not "rescuers"?
u want 2 spend gov money 2 get her-here's a thought-u want her u pay & u go get her.Oh no?well then why should the tax payers?
it's truly unimaginable. Thank you for keeping the fight alive.
There's nothing easy about a hard decision.
unbelievable !
she was used by criminals to cover themselves, children slaves are sold.
which comes through Mexico.Human trafficing,Drugs,felons,sex slaves. What mother's children murdered in CHI,SFO,LAX,etc. my God!
Kinda like stealing the birthright of Indians and taking advantage of it, without any shame attached. U know about that right?
Oh how I wish we could deport u!
So sad what can we do as citizens with this horrible choice some have made for president he's the #LIARINCHIEF
If only there were Muslim countries right next door that she could emigrate to. Oh wait.
She is not interested. Won't get her votes!
Ben Carson is not qualified for HUD. Periodm

In this country you would be screaming for the parent prosecuted for child abuse.
Heartbreaking.
ask Tulsi Gabbard.  She was just there. How did that happen?
It means her Mom knew she was screwed and took a leap of faith, like a Mom dropping her kid from burning home to strangers below.
If #USA doesn't effectively aid people seeking freedom from tyranny the cancer only grows and infects the whole world @SenWarren
These are the human beings that terrify Trump.  He's a shameless SOB.
Get to America because everything will be free for YOU there comes to mind.
You have NO idea how bad it is.
Oh dear.  Sorry you have to deal with this, on top of all of our America. And democracy in the balance.  Thank you for your service.
Compassion beyond borders. . 
Unreal horror.Hard to believe.Sounds like a Tarantino movie. Awful.Im quite fortunate.
https://youtu.be/PhFvZRT7Ds0?t=80 …
again. Child slavery is alive and well in the us. How about you end it?
Human slavery is greater today than in all time history. A few yrs ago it was approx a $34 billion industry.
