More working people will die if the @realDonaldTrump administration rolls back @OSHA_DOL's beryllium rule #1usafety 
Is that all the left knows had to say?? The right does ANYTHING and Boom the left says it means we'll all die! Pathetic
Ms Warren!! I used to be a fan - a big fan. But once elected, you've slipped off into another dimension!! I still miss the real Liz Warren!!
With all the Harm some/many big companies cause, they should pay for all of our Healthcare. Our employers used to but no more.
#Republicans don't value human life. They only value money
And then pretend they're Christian.
So I'm pretending to be a catholic because I'm a republican ?
I don't see a lot of pro-life values from #Republican behavior. I only see pro money behavior.
At this point you hadn't even read healthcare bill
This is a joke, NO ONE works with beryllium without protective gear on, NO ONE!  Next you'll say Trump wants people to breathe fluorine?
I'll take cancer causing beryllium iver stupidity causing fake Native Americans any day. #Fauxahontas
More lies Pocahontas
Democrats had 8 years to fix it but now they are screaming and complaining. You did nothing to help. Stop the lies Lizzy
Dems need more than just Russian scandal Dems should let ppl know what the hell your fighting for if y'all know yourselves b/c the ppl don't
You are unAmerican if you are not outraged by the Russian interference in our election.
I'm seriously concerned about the Russian matters but Dems need to be able to WALK & CHEW gum at the same time with other pressing matters
Like healthcare being taken away for the poor and sick. Reverse all the laws to make sure banks don't cause another crash. Etc.
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL she I a buffoon for he Democrat party!
Always the FEARMONGER! #Fauxcahontas #Lieawatha We are going to DEFUND @PPFA! No more BLOOD MONEY! @SenWarren @skoster10  @realDonaldTrump
You should be in jail for unnecessarily inciting fear in the American people.
UR literally yelling FIRE in a movie theater.
#HealthcareBill
that is not true and you know it.More lies coming from you and your fellow democrats.This is why your losing so bad no one trusts you
Trump and GOP lawmakers are destroying basic American social structures, and poor Americans are helping them to do it with their votes!
Yes, republicans shouldn't just blindly vote their party. This GOP is absolutely horrifying for America.
Trump has only rolled back whatever was good and decent. He still hasn't passed any legislation, yet!
WHAT? Okay people time to order water test kits. They WILL poison us!!
LYING AMERICAN INDIAN WARREN if you say it it must be the opposite go you are such a liar and bad for this country go away
OSHA never stop people from doing stupid things, look at the democrats, private donor need to follow regulation, stop giving money to gov.
How many do u think will die?  When do u think they will die? Do u know if they have life ins?  Is life ins a right? Will they be zombies?
Thank you Senator Warren. Lucky to have you! @Michael36776349
Well fuck me running Liz. Everyone is going to die
Why do I repeatedly get the impression that the Trump administration hates Americans?
Not all Americans, just the lower 99%
You're irrelevant. Nothing you say can remotely constitute any facts based analysis. Just fear mongering.
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL  Sun will go out, cats n dogs, dead will rise! You dems r truly wacko! Why u loose!
Yet his base still worships him. Sad.  Bigly sad.
You got rich off taxpayer money so is Stupid  (you) right? Or do you also identify as poor as well as a trans racial Amer Indian? @SenWarren
...more workers die From ladders. Ban them
Because under the #AHCA they won't be able to afford treatment once they've been poisoned. #intersectional
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL @IamKassie2you"HE" DOESN'T GAF ? LESS TO EXPOSE & TELL THOSE WHO CAN'T UNDERSTAND B.S.
Actually employers should be responsible for health problems caused by the company, not the taxpayers.
The Right is right! 
Time for folks to get up and get to work. Medicaid is out of control and way to expensive. Cuts are necessary. The world goes on
Beryllium is widely used in the nuclear industry and was one of the reasons for NM to declare Los Alamos an enviro disaster.
Correct.  Beryllium is extremely toxic.  Protections are there for an effing reason.  Not to make employers lives miserable. To save lives.
Where is the decency and goodness in people of all backgrounds & points of view 2do what is right thoughtful & just 2look after one another
Sadly, I don't think Trump cares who dies as long as the rich come out on top. #hehasnosoul
True but Republicans know and do not care
Do you really think he gives a damn?
Politicians don't care!!!!
Liz this is what GOP wants...slaves working until death or actually they justvwant ppl to die period
I'll be sending my urn to McConnell
Sounds like what Hitler did to the Jews.  History repeating itself?
You need some of that , Pocahontas
@RichardTrumka The only set of people who will "die" are the ones in the Trump cabinet...IMPEACHMENT!
Before exposure, workers asked if they are register D or R. If D allowed to breathe deeply/ touch extensively. If R, given protective gear.
You know just about everything don't you senator? Wake up, you're the problem not the solution!
pure hysteria Senator
If Obama created those protections, it's as good as gold that Trump will roll them back. Trump is nothing but a mean old spiteful mutha fuga
45 c's Obama's name & immediately does th reverse
Trump wants to be Woodrow Wilson
Where are the facts to support the claims.
Must win seats!!! @DNC pay attention to @MMFlint &Rep Tim Ryan. Leadership views must change!
People don't care-until one of them gets hurt-they care about JOBS.  Because their stupid!
Typical fear mongering and hate speech from the liberal loons.
With the recent violence don't you think you outta tone down the "people will die" mantra Liz?
You have all these snowflakes behind you because they don't pay for insurance. Start penalizing them then we will talk
Elizabeth Warren has her head where the sun never shines, this old Socialist/Commies has no clue about the real world.
Listening to your lieing rants can cause snowflakes and peeps to die.  How many thousands have died so far this year because of you?
How many will die in Chicago as a result of Democrat policies?To idle young males on welfare instead of a job is a disaster.Slaves for votes
But if they have $ they will b able 2 pay 4 care so let's hope they r rich. It's all about ways 2 help make $- removing regs-protections etc
If it's poisonous, the president is peddling it. The P in Potus stands for poison
It is all about the money they can make w/o the protections
Ropo Joseph Ijasan,
Diamond Bank
Account No: 0009671738
Nigeria.
Just do it for God
"BLESSED, BLESS THE POOR" 
is a charitable organization.
If you are blessed. Kindly help the less privilege
Donate to:
They don't care. The pukes don't care, nor their followers.
This administration treats the working class as disposable commodities.
Roll back workplace protections and repeal the ACA? Sounds like someone is trying to "thin the herd".
You haven't figured it out yet have you..... No one is listening to you nut job
Now your an expert on Osha ? I don't think so. Let us work not stay home on welfare #Obstructionist #maga
Unions are the only way to take power for middle class & poor. Unions are the true meaning of citizens united!
GOP and Trump don't care if people die. They only want money, power, and to cram their hatred down everyone else's throats.
Oh. My. God. What Kind Of Complete Idiot Would *Undo* Critical Protections Like This? Oh, Right: @POTUS!
Rich is right: Workers will die if @realDonaldTrump rolls back protections for exposure to lethal, cancer-causing beryllium on the job. https://twitter.com/RichardTrumka/status/877563357523529728 …
Trump doesn't care folks.
Yes but that's the plan, get them hooked on medical care that will consume all their money.
We need more Tums. I wake up every morning to check if there's a new war someplace.
Do you know what we should do is trust Obamacare and let let the rest of the 297 million suffer in the name of 23 million
#FUD #FakeNews

All them #GOP #White #Voters #dying
due to @realdonaldtrump
killing off
basic #healthcare protection on #jobs.
Rich is right: Workers will die if @realDonaldTrump rolls back protections for exposure to lethal, cancer-causing beryllium on the job. https://twitter.com/RichardTrumka/status/877563357523529728 …
Republicans are total human trash, they are whats wrong with our country. They are ruining our country!
HOLOCAUST
Trump doesn't care. Here is his long term job equation.  No standards = job related illness + no health care= deaths=more jobs ,it's so easy
Beryllium is very toxic to people. The severity of toxicity depends upon how it enters the body, how long it remains in the body...
Just refuse to learn, don't you?
You have no clue. You have no plans but socialism. Yep, North Korea and Venezuela are your dream countries. Cuba is a good pace too.
We are all going to die bc GOP and Trump. They are doing everything they can to kill us as quickly as possible. Won't need jobs, no people
and takes away their healthcare to treat it
Yeah don't respond with a substantive argument. Just spout gibberish in hopes some retard agrees with you.
Well I can give you some proof. Just look at the election. All the Liberals cried because of supposedly "Russia".
I didn't ask you to prove anything though
YES! As a 38 yr pro Industrial Hygienist, new OSHA BERYLLIUM Reg & SILICA Regs NEED TO BE IMPLEMENTED TO SAVE LIVES!!!
Go to bed lizzy, your drunk.
#Trump is going to kill us all-as #gutlessGOP stands by and cheers
Here's an idea: if someone wants you to work in an unsafe environment, don't!
Mr. Trumka should run for office. Intelligent , excellent orator , and in tune with the needs and wants of the working man. #USLaborParty
Trump doesn't care about the workers.  He only cares about the rich.    Please put him in check.
You have killed millions by stealing their ability to make an honest living.
Elizabeth really!  You're manic!
When will we demonstrate the billionaire and government official profiteering affect on the budget?
Why is your go-to always R's causing someone death??
Lock her up, she is an insane commie.
What a crock from Pokahontis, this bimbo wants Sharia Law here in the US, just like all the other liberals.
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @CNN @Liz_Wheeler @realDonaldTrump Right, the world is going to die without the pathetic Obamacare. LoL
You only care about your pocket.
When will it be clear that he is just clearing obstacles for big business buddies & when he is out of office. But please,  keep backing him
You and Pelosi need to come out of your pockets to make a change. You've stole from Americans too long.
This is all you got to care about. Do your job FOKEAHONTIS !
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL My grandfather had beryllium poisoning from working at Machlett Labs. Horrible disease.
christ. You need to tone down where everything is going to cause death Pocahontas...
If #Republicans were actually devising a #Healthcare Plan which isn't going to result in so much poor health and premature death, I would!
Why don't you wait until they bring it out in the open tomorrow before you judge it. You're kind of absurd
Enough information has been leaked about it's similarities to the House Bill to know it's not going to be much better.
Lions and tigers and bears oh my!
Seriously who does this? I feel like literally every decision POTUS makes is related to corporate interests.
Wish I could say it matters to him
This is insane.
Pure insanity. He has no humanity in his heart only dollar signs in his eyes. It is horrifying. I can't believe more can't see this.
How do you know that fake pochantos
He probably just thinks it is a cool sounding metal.
Again you have no idea what you're talking about lying  Pocahontas
Warren = useless
Does anybody think he cares
You must know Senator that the GOP & 1% want people to die, many, many people
polonium, beryllium, all are now toxicities of capitalism
Such drama.
How to get this message out? Senator, use your megaphone!
They try to outlaw abortion because: CHRISTIANS! After babies are born: YOU'RE FUCKED!
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL sad leadership.  The only ones being reached are the koolaid drinkers.
We should remember what the rich did to the Chinese who built the railroads for this country, the top wealthy are scum
What's wrong with the GOP
Go away squaw
We goin die!!  We goin die!! Its like a bad horror movie
How many people wont be able to afford #HousingForAll b/c no one looks at #WellsFargo influence on #GSEreform?
I don't know why #WellsFargo can be in the press so much and their link to MBA on #GSEreform is so little discussed.
https://twitter.com/ckc12_rb/status/877647678066315264 …
It would be tantamount to murder if these regulations are dropped
Are you for real people die of all kind of work related exposure!
@RichardTrumka @OSHA_DOL He is all about the profit.Greed.He doesn't care if avge Americans die. #ImpeachTrump
Thats what the GOP want. To kill off the dead weight. Less people to vote against him. Again, why do Republicans hate the American people?
Hillary sold most of the rights to it to a Russian owned mining company, don't think they have to follow OSHA rules.
I really think that none in this administration cares one iota about anyone who's not in the board rooms of corporations they know
He'll have blood on his hands
Don't forget a rich white man lost to an oppressed female in Ga
Die is E Warren's favorite word.
What a fool she is.
Please run for president 2020 so we have an easy win my god your worse than HRC hahahaha
Pocahontas take a break!  You are not working for the people, you are working against the people!
I don't believe you. Too many Democrats only know how to lie. Stop the lies.
He is not doing that! I would never have a reason to believe ANYTHING that COMES FROM YOUR MOUTH 
