Do men not know that from age 16 or so women have to go to the doctor every year? Serious question. Planned Parenthood took me in b4 ins.
And now since these bastards are killing health care in America we are going to need PP more than ever.
The sickest part is since women have had increased access to birth control under ACA, abortions have dropped. Really this is just misogyny.
 it's all about controlling women. Until we have a right to our own bodies we will always be unequal.
Republicans are seriously obsessed with the female reproductive system!
Which is perplexing given their non-stop rhetoric about liberty and choice. So, the one instance they don't want it is for women. #Hypocrisy
No in most cases they only want it for white men. They'd go back to white men who own property if they could.
Don't you remember during the election there were maps of if only women voted. There was a movement to take women's voting rights away!
Good planned Parenthood should go.
Your the only one getting "kicks", out of your behavior.
You are awesome, hardworking, intelligent, socially aware, and a good soul. I have become a real fan. As we say in my area, YOU GO GIRL!!!!
Didn't the parliamentarian say this needed 60 votes?
Yes&No, here is part of article explaining and link to entire article https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/25/16025636/senate-health-bill-bcra-60-votes …
I was talking about banning planned parenthood.
So apparently there may be a challenge to Parliamentarian Rule?
If that's the case I guess then there's no such thing as a 60 vote threshold for any legislation.
That would be my concern
Didn't the parliamentarian already say you can't ban PP medicaid reimbursement w/o 60 votes?
Yes&No https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/25/16025636/senate-health-bill-bcra-60-votes …
right, the parliamentarian already said PP funding would need 60 votes. presumably they'd strike it again.
GOB has indicated they don't believe Parliamentarian is set in stone. Possible challenge coming up?
Sorry, GOP
Do your job! Stop resisting who's paying your wages! #Defund PP they only do abortions!
So a woman is a pre-existing condition w/no coverage, they are killing PP funding, & some senators don't want pregnancy covered! 3rd world
Sounds great
Re: John McCain and health care: give us #SameAsTheSenators
Planned parenthood = murder
Defund defund defund PP
Good! Repeal the ACA is GOOD! Defunding PP is justified & should be done. They do not need my tax dollar & is not prescribed in constitution
U work ?
That's so regressive for a modern country...it doesn't make us great either
You are not credible!!
Kicks! Isn't that a brkfst cereal! Liz what are you peddling today? More horse shit or monkey crap?
Bring TO the Attention of "WE THE PEOPLE" All the deterrents TRUMP has Done to make the ACA Fail  - Over and Over Again: This is a Disgrace
Do you Sen. Have Obamacare? Or are you still a hypocrite?
God knows we wouldn't want to give our women any alternatives other than Planned Parenthood, Senator.  No one wants to hurt your pockets.
Geoff Diehl would have solutions... not complaints... no one likes complainers...
So sad.
Planned parent hood is a organization from the pit of hell. Killing babies is evil
Stop teasing us!
Horrible.. Keep the fight alive..
Start the impeachment process. Lock him up!
I wish they would ban you. Planned Parenthood is run by Satanists that sell baby body parts.  Do you get a percentage of the sale?
I don't know about satanist I do know that big pharma uses fetal material to grow viruses on for vaccines, shoot you with someone else's DNA
No to vaccines!!
Planned Parenthood is harvesting Babies body parts. Just EVIL!!!! How could you support that?!?!!!
Planned Parenthood would be great if they wouldn't profit from murdering babies for research & GREED!
Our premiums were driven sky high because of Obamacare~ and I DONT belong to the Two Party System!!
Open the Free Market back up!!!  We can't afford the ACA. It's killing Hard Working Americans.  We count!
You wish !
Fake Indian, please explain which countries Socialized med system you want to see the USA model.
Thank You Senator Warren for persisting and fighting for us. You are an elected official that I AM proud of and appreciate
Push Universal Healthcare.
Need to REPEAL the unAffordable Care Act! People lost care, Premiums too high, People are dying! Repeal the FAILURE!
Americans have found r voice we need 2 keep up even afr trump in prison & make changes need term limits, same health ins 4 cong & us, sue ok

Tonite - bizarre tale of #DebbieWassermanSchultz & the IT guy who made $4 million working on the Hill and got nabbed enroute to Pakistan
Blablabla
Grrrrr...leave it to some men to continue to act childish. It is so very, very sad.I am sure they do not want their rights messed with..grrr
Planned Butcher Shop of Horrors! Save a whale butcher a living, precious, human baby
No more harvesting baby organs for the elite democrats...... Go ahead and cry about it
For kicks, or for kids?
VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. COME ON REEPUBLICANS, VOTE NO!
Thought planned parenthood was off the table procedurely
Good!! Fakahontsa!!
@lsarsour's take on Planned Parenthood better?
Don't forget cuts to Medicare disability (which I paid into for 40 years) *THIEVES* and food stamps plus Wheels for Meals, to name a few.
everyone seems to be forgetting about the people that are paying high premiums and can't eve go to the doctor. SHAMEFUL
How many kids you adopted..murder is letting kids starve to death when you can help..
Common Sense Legislation 101, give the People what they want! Single Payer Healthcare for All Americans! #Resist #LGBT #NCAT #ClimateAction
Keep the pressure on and kill it. If  our Veterans have health care for rest of life. We should too.
#defundPP
On abortion use the morning after pill a whole lot cheaper than abortion
Elections have consequences so it's time the idiots who voted Trump and his wall street buddies in feel them or they'll never learn
vote no on trumpcare please
Can we get legislation removing unrelated riders from bills? Each bill should be on exactly one topic, not a farming bill w/ defense $/etc.
ACA.  Not affordable.  No Care provided.  Crazy premiums.  It's easier for the avg person to roll the dice and try to avoid Dr.
why does panned parenthood need funding if they charge too much then use capitalism and lower prices but we have too many money juknkies
Good, taxpayers shouldnt be paying for abortions
In light me again as to you being American Indian
Deplorable Congress!
GOOD!
Really @gop @SenateGOP ?  Nothing better to do?
They all need to be voted out
Please investigate the claim that the military pays for viagra. Insurances will not pay for anyone else.
An organization that can donate $34M to Hillary's election campaign doesn't need taxpayer support.....
Send it down in flames, senator. The people are behind you.
Finally there wanting to make a difference it's about time.
Fight!
#DefundPP
You have the best game in town! Democrats blame Republicans, Republicans blame Democrats and you both do nothing for Americans! DTS 
LOL
Please fight for us Senator  We look to you for strength and leadership
Us Republicans like that ban so go win an election somewhere (not) and or stand down and accept your defeat. Ha!
Why don't you introduce a bill that would force Congress & Senate to have the same health insurance as "Joe Average"? That'd teach 'em!
Wow that's great news! #maga
Planned Parenthood= Taxpayer funded abortion mill. Info directly from PPH website and Senate hearings. Warren lies about this FACT.
#DeplorableAdministration
We're fighting in NC, keep fighting for us !!!
Can we please ban Viagra and ED treatment? Fair is fair.
I'm sorry Liz but I do NOT want my tax dollars paying for abortions. Planned Parenthood has proven that's what they do.
Hideous!!!
Stay fierce!
They are SO wrong to destroy instead of construct.
You know and I know and America knows, that Obama care was a lie from the beginning! You and your colleagues are liars then and liars now!
No, No and No. Thank you for fighting this war.
When is the vote?
repubs will run. cowards always do
Playing it by ear. Great  #GOPFail
Yea 2018 reelection coming up lots of seats up for reelection

8 years in office the Democrats gave us nothing but a bad Health care  and your a good reason not to vote you back in office
Need to ban Cialis & Viagra then. Planned Parenthood cuts, cut ability to impregnate.
I'm tire of you repenting how cruel the GOP bill is, but you are not telling us the solución for that. Be more serous
Hey #Lizzy you live #ObamaCare so much, I dare you to vote against this amendment. 
TAKE ACTION: Demand your senators vote YES on Ron Johnson's Amendment #272 to end Congress's Obamacare exemption. http://action.americancommitment.org/ctas/dear-senate-end-your-illegal-obamacare-exemption …
Stop telling me what the crook GOP is doing I got it they planning to kill as many ppl as they can.!now what is your solution to this?
And I'm supposed to pay for someone's mistake in my taxes ?
Hey #Lizzy how about giving your sweet #FEP health coverage and you can pay for my $27k premium & deduct? https://www.fepblue.org/en/benefit-plans/compare-plans …
Good PP should function on donations alone. They have no business donating our money to the DNC. SINK OR SWIM PP.
I can't Wait till 2018! Buyah! 
The Dems are all criminals. They support women in prison more than they support hard working law abiding citizens.
Wasserman Schultz’s IT Aide Arrested At Airport After Transferring $300k To Pakistan From House Off http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/25/wasserman-schultzs-it-aide-arrested-trying-to-flee-the-country/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
Senator Warren, thank you for these updates.
Keep fighting Sen Warren. We see your love of country and love for those of us with no voice.
Sounds better everyday
Keep doing what you do!!!!
The people should be able to repeal liars in the Senate. We both know one don't we Liz? Here is a picture.
Please stop them!
Do you know how many abortions that are performed every year, 330,000. Schools are democratic, this should be fully taught in schools.
Swampman Another example of Trumpian exaggerations which is unfortunate for us, not Trump, because his cult isn't educated enough to know it
Call your SENATORS NOW...even if you already have today....Time for An AMERICAN SUNAMI.....CALL....CALL...CALL...CALL..
Sounds good to me
Keep fighting!!!  And thank you!!!
I want to keep what I earn
I want to choose my own insurance
I want to pick my own doctor

Why do you think you can do that for us?
GOP couldn't make a healthcare plan in over 7 years! One now is a mirage! People will die!... hard lesson coming for the country!
Sounds good!
Hope it passes
YES!
Sick
Sad!
i'm not impressed with any politician that disregards the integrity of the unborn and campaigns for the abortion mill
Litteraly everything you just said is wrong.
PP and PP action fund are seperate things funded by completely different sources. @PPact is a private business funded by donation.
Only 3% of services at PP are abortions. PP provides contraceptives, sex ed, std screenings, and wellness checks.
PP prevents unintended pregnancies, and thus, abortions.
And, no one needs church, as god isn't real or required for morality.
I thought PP ban was out because of the Parliamentarian ruling - it's back on?
There are many wholly inappropriate words I'd like to say right now.
Senator please continue the good fight
I know some future babies that will get a "kick" out of it
#RESIST #PERSIST #PROTEST #GETLOUD
Stop them.
PP is corrupt.
Why was abortion and womens services not included in Obamacare?
Because of republican ammendments to ACA and the Hyde amendment.
Remember what Hillary said! "Women's rights are human rights!"We can't let them take away Planned Parenthood. It's a Woman personal choice!
Amendment idea:  Legislators shall receive no better healthcare than the citizens they represent. The McCain Amendment???
sure hope so
So your adding a line for the ACA that there will be no waivers for any person or business right and that you will immediate sign up for it?
We can fund PP@if they agree to stop spending funds on political campaigns ? Deal
Good God, please keep standing up for us.  We feel helpless.
Can you please explain to the voters WHY they are doing this?
AND:
The PP part would take 60 votes though, right?
We are going back decades on the respect for women. Men are deciding what we can have. And it comes from the top.
Lol no one has taken anything away you stay out of my decisions about my body but want everyone to pay for your decisions
Love you @SenWarren!  Thank you for all you are doing! #ElizabethWarren
Keep fighting!
why isn't there a pill a man takes to prevent pregnancy? why don't men have a device inserted for five years to prevent pregnancy?
Maybe you can pay for planned parenthood, since you like to kill babies.
Worry abt the guy who MAKES FUN of disabled & the other special minorities-Make him ACCOUNTABLE-Standup for us-OR DON'T WE COUNT?
Please show Mitch
Keep fighting for us
we shouldn't be using public money to support a working  abattoir
Vote this shit down Senator! We can't have Trumpcare being the law of the land. Millions will be effected negatively by this toxic agenda
the ban on planned parenthood funds was a promise not a threat
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator. <3
Keep U.S. focused!
If approved the will be open warfare. The #GOP  has been warned.
Thank you for continuing to fight for Americans and our healthcare.
He lied. Why are people who screamed at Obama for saying you could keep your doctor ok with this outright, bold faced lier?
He meant everyone would be covered with 6 feet of dirt.
Hey do you have grandchildren they should ban places that give abortions you evil woman
Vile they are all vile humans who care about nobody
@chrislhayes When did the GOP turn to the Dark Side? Or has it always been evil & they were good at play-acting?
Can't wait until I don't have to fund the murder of the unborn
Can't wait until I don't have to fund the murder of people in other countries, Jets and carriers are so damn expensive!
Why do you hate local public health departments?
Stay the course, you're crushing it
Planned Parenthood is premeditated murder! Murder of un-born human beings!  Your own ACA covers "women's health care" so why is PP needed?
Good.
CRAZY WARREN!
Thank you for being a part of the most important resistance in our history
Slick Lizzie cares more about women killing their babies, than the rest of the country having a decent health care plan. Kickback from pl pa

thanks for always fighting for good!  Hopefully this will be a lesson for people to get out and vote and to support humanitarian candidates!
Why don't u all work together for the American people.. I didn't leave the Democratic Party they left me !!!
If you had supported @SenSanders early and unequivocally, we might not be in this position.
So it is the Democrats fault we did not support Bernie Sanders.  What a pile of horse sh-t that is.
Thanks for keeping us up to speed , Senator!

