honest question: when are you&other Dems going to start baring your teeth & fighting as ruthlessly as the republicans?
they aren't fighting fair - Dems need to stop trying to fight fair. I'm not proposing cheating, I'm proposing showing your claws
NOW before we don't have a country to save
we don't have time for this
they find loopholes? FIND SOME DAMN LOOPHOLES
look I get it - we're the party that respects others - that tries to live by the golden rule - but guess what? Our standards &
the things we fight for won't actually hurt those that oppose them. What the republicans stand for? They will hurt EVERYONE.
yet they don't care. This is how they treat people. And that golden rule we progressives tend to live by? Treat others as you'd
Maybe had you learned when to stop talking you wouldn't have gotten made to sit down...be an adult...
wow. Example number one of why our educational system is failing.
Instead of your publicity stunt you should have been trying to win over Republican senators!
That was #McConnell's stunt, not hers. Have you tried to win any of these nutjobs over? It isn't that easy.
, Yes we tried to win a nut job over, and won! Her name is Hillary Clinton.
Hmm... makes zero sense.
@ultraslaporte pocahontas you should be ashamed of your hate for #realamericanvalues
And what are *you* doing to make things better? Sitting back and taking potshots at ppl on Twitter?
Thank you for trying. Scariest appointment of all. #Sessions is a dangerous, despicable man, who'll damage our nation.
... Take your seat, Elizabeth! --I'm sure you've sealed your next election!
how Christ-like of you! What an inspirational voice of Christianity you are! Take YOUR seat, hypocrite Pharisee.
-- lol... Says a heathen. :o)
until you walk on water and have died for my transgressions, honey, you're not my judge. You're a Twitter troll. No power.
so tired of seeing you pop up on twitter not saying anything. Who do you like then?
I think you're more afraid that he is going to actually enforce the law that we have.
Lunatic fringe. Oh, and you have a book out. Hmmm, something fishy...
remind the American public that it was the GOP that did this.
disappointment is always the losers biggest friend, get used to it urhistory
Curt Shilling  will beat you 
you're unhinged Lizzie get a grip! Plz specify what in Sen Sessions record reflects he won't faithfully fairly & HONESTLY enf law
ah, but it say that he does in the @gopsenate quote and pic they posted-guessing they expect us to take their word for it
As am I.
who would you have appointed????? Oh dear, oh my, oh good Lord!
The Democratic party now is a useless pathetic p.o.s. It will remain so as long as the Wall St. Dems like Chuck Schumer run it.

You go girl!

Cut your hair, hippie #deplorable
.@SenWarren After the Senate confirmed #DeVos, I think we know they'd confirm absolutely anybody Trump puts in front of them. Scary as hell!
how do you educate people who WANT to believe everything Trump says even when there's no basis for his remark
Actually he will but it's just not the kind of law you like. It's not situational law.
Tough toodles Pocahontas
I'm pretty sure @SenJeffSessions will do a better job as AG than that pos Eric Holder
Not a spine amongst the entire Repub Party. They won't be happy till every last freedom is stripped away from every minority.
Your lying is going to hurt you so badly.
you and Bernie or Joe Biden  are my dream ticket
We are more disappointed in your actions, your an obstructionist to our constitution. Stop crying because you lost, get iver it.
WRONG!
Then the protests will make him do his job to the letter, or he can go back to Alabama and practice "law" their way.
were you as concerned about "faithfully and fairly enforcing the law" when Holder let NBPP slide on voter intimidation?
Deeply disappointed? Y? U expected something different?
He will be, on the other hand, it's You who wants him to fail, You are to be ashamed of your self
Its end of times now!! Thank you for all you do for rest of us! 
I'm an American and I'm excited that he was confirmed. Now let's enforce the laws!!!!  Oh yes, and you ma'am need to retire!
are you talking about Holder
keep it up Ms. Warren! We're with you 
if the GOP doesn't stop it, the  trump/bannon duo will oust them too. Everybody loses except trump & his cronies.
Senator Sessions has a record of discirminatjng based on race. This is not who we needed as AG. Absolutely despicable action.

our fault, not yours.
you should run for President.

I finally just blocked the silly little thing. She's so lost in her own little world she thinks Hillary memes still matter.
pow wow.
Thanks for trying! Our country is going downhill fast with trump/bannon in charge. The GOP needs to put a stop to it.
well, somehow you got elected and you break the law.  haha
your a loony bird.
hope you never get into anyone's cabinet.
your record shows you're not related to Pocahontas. I'm more related to her than you are!
tell us how Eric & Loretta upheld the law so valiantly... NOT
hahaha!  you are a nutcase!!
Haven't we heard enough from you and your manipulative rhetoric?
Liawatha lies!
you must be getting so tired, I hope someone is pampering you, you deserve it. #ShePersisted
me too.
Your record in the senate is one that shows you do not live up to your oath of office.
I am scared and so concerned for the direction of our county !!
Only Speaks "Communism".
#MAGA
Being a demobrat makes you a communist
@tomli400 Don't let them silence you!! We love you Elizabeth!
IN A DEMOCRACY WHAT MAJORITY DECIDES IS RIGHT?
I'm just returning fire plus I don't know what you're doing but I employ people in my business which is none of yours
so glad you're disappointed they'll be a lot more disappointments in the next 4 years before it's all over get over it Pocahontas
#IRS #Veterans BS Drumpf says no one called opposing XXL Oil Pipeline. Really? Be Heard. Here's TRUMP Phone #'s #TheResistance
You record does not show you are faithfully American Indian.  Sit down, and Shut up. #SHUTupLIZ
I'm deeply disappointed that disappointment is so deeply disappointing.
You have absolutely no proof to substantiate such an outrageous statement.
when was the last time we weren't disappointed? This sucks #Liz
I have been disappointed for the past eight years but I did not act like an idiot!!!!
What do you have to offer? OK you have a mouth, in ffact you are all mouth. Is there something hidden I might be missing?
And you are a bitter old socialist harridan with no redeeming qualities or moral standing
RESPECT the HELL out of you!
welcome to the republic of the americas
We all know History repeats itself.  When a man shows you who he is believe him, right?  i have no faith ANY CABINET appointment!
Deeply disappointed that fauxcahontas is in the Senate. Her record is more scurrilous.
You lie. But that's what all democrats do, especially those with fake Native American heritage.
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU THINK, POCAHONTAS! So sit down, shut up and put on your seatbelt as it will be a bumpy ride (4 U #tcot RT
So you were also deeply disappointed in the last 2 AG's who refused to enforce the law? If not you are hypocritical.
you are so full of hate...you hate The Rich...
I'm deeply disappointed that you are not an American who let the American President do his job, and you are do full of hate
tells the truth more than you Pocahontas
to bad. Don't you get it? U are still not.listening to the American people who wanted you Dipshits out because of 8yr screw ups
You mean like Holder?  He thought it was "inappropriate" to drone Americans.  Sounds good right?
oh, so he's gonna be just like Holder and Lynch then.
You were elected, yet you haven't faithfully and fairly executed the law as a sitting Senator either, but who's counting?
TY for standing up for us. Glad we live in the digital age, where we can record and assemble if he suppresses us again #resist
yeah well there's no accountability for stupidity
madam, with Trump in WH, law no longer means anything. Please seek impeachment proceedings
Certainly Loretta lynch or Eric holder couldn't follow the laws
As are we. Deeply disappointed in all the R's in the current Senate who are enabling a narcissist who is hurting our country.
@POTUS AG is the last stand of a dying white nationalist minority.
he will do a better job than all the other butt kissers.
2 yrs till the midterms... we must mobilize to take back the house
He should not be AG. Get the lawyers out to fight against him.
I was deeply disappointed at the level of disrespect you show the democratic process...snowflakes can't take failure
me, too.
Keep fighting & keep investigating Russian ties! Thank you!
#loveyou
You're batting.000 Betty
Anything we can do to end this circus?
We support and admire you. What they did was unconscionable. They go low, we go high! You're our hero #NeverthelessShePersisted
so what did you unconstitutional liberals accomplish in these unacceptable delays orher than seal your fate in the next election?
Well, at least Sessions is more honest and trustworthy than say... YOU!
colleague @SenatorLeahy (2) picks for @USAO_VT covered up #fraud at Retreat.I welcome @jeffsessions. @TJforVermont @VTAttorneyGen
Says who? You? His record does indeed show he will enforce the law. You are a liar
colleague @SenatorLeahy (2) nominees for @USAO_VT covered up #fraud at Retreat. I welcome #AttorneyGeneral @jeffsessions #btv #vt
.@SenWarren colleague @SenatorLeahy (2) nominees for @USAO_VT covered up #fraud at Retreat. I welcome #AttorneyGeneral @jeffsessions #vtpoli
u demo certainly don't follow the law. U are all a shame to our Republic and our government and country, get out of our house.
wht cn b done? Focus on Muslims. H8 4 Mex. Dis 4 women. Dis 4 blacks. No focus on white supremacist. AG won't  defend. Vulnerable
.@SenWarren too bad all you'll ever reach is Senator.  But PLEASE run for President in 2020, it would be SO entertaining. #HeyHowAreYa #fake
sorta like the last 2 AGs who you had nothing to say about at all, what a joke
didn't  @AGLynch  try to get FBI to drop all charges against Hillary after a 1 hour meeting w/ Bill Clinton-
wasn't ur party's Presidential candidate under FBI investigation during her entire campaign?
oh you mean like Eric Holder ?
The Republicans records doesn't show any indication of fairness or real concern for the American people who differs from them
@Betterw05759703 he already started his bunk today.
Now that's Funny Because even if he only enforces 1/2 the laws that will be twice as much as Holder and Lynch did.
Leave it up to a women to hold a grudge from something that happened 35 years ago
let the Republicans dig their hole.  Keep fighting
it's unconscionable what are representatives are not doing in Washington that is saying NO to Trump's cabinet pics.
I'm not speaking to the Dems. But the republicans who's terms will be up in 2years. What cowards. Ex. Senator Cruz, excusing .
the negative remarks Trump said about his family on the campaign trail and still back him. Did they all lose their backbones?
Hey chief  you keep saying we..you got a mouse in your pocket?
Rules are a form of law. You are the one that doesn't want the law (rule 19) enforced.  Maybe Slick Lizzy's afraid of the law..
what do you know about the law? #pocahontas
You mean the way Lynch and Holder did?? Wow!!
too bad you are a racist
Confused to why Bernie Sanders got to read the letter but the shut you down.  Zero respect 4 women!!!
You are deeply disappointed by anything that dosent fit your agenda to a T
how did this happen, Session's confirmation?  Senators must have been blackmailed or bought off to confirm him!!! We need to know
you did what you could. You are an amazing example to all women. #letlizspeak #ShePersisted
we will remember for mid-term elections
Is this tweet eight years old?
we will see what happens in the next year and we can then objectively evaluate.
Like our 2 previous AG's?
Deeply disappointed that you don't know you lost.
LOSER!!!
He got the death penalty for a klan member.
Put a cork in it you race hoaxer.
DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED A LIAR IS ALLOWED TO SULLY THE SENATE. GO HOME, POCAHONTAS!!!!!!!
We can't believe you were elected to the Senate either. Suck it up.
- yeah, sad. Those who were apathetic this last election, thought that it wouldn't hurt them may besurprised in the days to come
aren't we all. God help us 
We shall remember in 2018, 2020 and 2022!
YOUR LINGERING IMAGE is of a lying, screeching, ruthless witch who'll say & do anything for political gain. IT'S UGLY & NEGATIVE!
Sessions is scary.
you are so far left, how can you judge how someone level-headed will do a job much more important than yours?
Get over your disappointment, you know he will do a good job, just not the one that can be manipulated. by the likes of you
How? Let's hear it! Video? Speech? Voting record? Anything? You don't say anything except you will stop them. Sad very sad!
U voted for the last 2 AG's. They sure as hell didn't faithfully & fairly enforce law. Pot meet Kettle
just asking did Jeff sessions march with John Lewis for civil rights or is it made up
you mean like the last 8 years?  Hmmm.  You might be pleasantly surprised.
it does and he will. Omg will u please shut up
the entire party and yourself has been deeply disappointing as far as I'm concerned. #SamuelRonan4DNC or #DemExit
We should force all politicians to wear a remote-controlled wedgie-producing device, with every citizen having a button.
You are a hypocrite! Look at Holder and Lynch! Like your beloved leader said, "Elections have consequences"!
I would hold off any criticism until AG Sessions meets secretly with a husband whose wife is the subject of a Federal investig.
I am with U on this. But my concern is that we let a man who has just as much bad and wrong as Session and let's Bannon. With DT
@jeffsessions fools you by walking upright. #Resist
