Now I see why you are fighting Trump ... you want more money
No wonder they're Democrats.
But Mrs Warren didn't you hear they put Chris Bridges ,OOPs Christy in charge of that .  I dont see this man filling his Cabinet
GOOD! Then the idiots in Massachusetts who voted this corruption into office will get just what they deserve. #impeach #imprisonTrump @FBI
NOT GOOD!!!  I'm from Massachusetts and I DEFINITELY didn't vote for that POS!  I still can't believe he got "so called" elected...
People are responsible for their own drug habits, subsidize any thing and it turns into a Governmental racket
Opioid addiction became a "crisis" under the 0bama administration.  The same admin that was killing veterans with drug cocktail overdoses.
Is Senator Warren using opioids?  She must provide proof she's not using them!!  Release your health records, Senator!!!
Build a wall, we won't have opioids
What can we do? Nothing ....... i hate Donald Trump he cares about no one but himself and tax cuts .
tax cuts would mean he cares about people who work. I would hate to have more money in my pocket. What a jerk Trump is
Right,You need to see @spmaloney on @maddow  He suggested Dems go to the Rep DIstricts where the Rep won't show and our Dems can Answer Ques
Massachusetts is fighting to recover the oxygen that you steal while speaking.
The opioids crisis needs to be dealt with by stronger border security! Stop the flow stop the addictions!
Listening to Elizabeth Warren would make anyone want to take opioids....
But Senator, how are we supposed to give tax breaks to our friends??? As Frmr Rep. Grayson said: if you get sick, die quickly.
G M only paid 9 million in taxes last year. And you think trumps going to effect the wealthy.
A trillion dollars from health care spending will be used to subsidize the tax breaks these people want to pass.
The tax breaks just said gm only paid 9 million its all a sham big corporations don't pay taxes already and you never cared
So what. If you choose to make bad choices that you own problem. Why should I pay more to cover stupid people.
If Health Care Bill works...Pelosi will be gone in 2018.  If it doesn't work, we're no worse off than we were yesterday!
Duh it won't work Disconnect we will watch voters remorse in high gear which will turn states very blue!
There is a GREAT DEAL of voter remorse with the ACA.
Do you mean obama care? Or trumpcare?
Maybe if our military weren't protecting poppy fields all around the world, there wouldn't be an opioid crisis, Pocahontas.
I don't want my tax dollars going to Massachusetts. Take care of your own citizens
You and your Democratic Clowns help feed the problem.
Call it what it is #Trumpcare, Nothing American about it! 
Oh now u want to address the heroin problem
If narcan is "free" to addicts because they have a disease, why isn't "chemo " free for cancer patients
Does my plan fix the Opiod Crisis..i cant remember..
pelosi battles a opioid crisis fix the stick in your own eye before you worry about a sliver in your sisters eye.
REALLY? What is happening wuith the TONS OF MONEY the states get NOW from the federal govt? States will still get money. STOP SCARING PEOPLE
Pocahontas shut the hell up!! My premium was $900 a month. Those damn drug addicts. I live a clean life and I m paying for drug addicts
#ObamaCare did nothing to help fight the opioid crisis only contribute to it. Shame on @SenWarren for spreading #fakeNews
To be fair, if you were my Senator Id have to be high as f%@k all the time too just to cope. If you resign it might solve the problem.
Drug addiction is a personal choice, grow up and get over it.
Did anyone force them to use drugs?
Fear monger
You know nothing! Your trying to create panic throughout the public! Try working with the party for a change! Stop throwing a tantrum! 
Stop labeling the AHCA
Mien Kampf trump &Swamp Rats only want tax breaks 4 selves &rich!Should be called Repug;s Holocaust Healthcare!Poor &sick &seniors will die!
Will consider what you say when YOU use crappy #Obamacare like most Americans ALSO when's your DNA test 2 prove yourself an American Indian?

It's those illegals BUILD THE WALL.
You're correct , opioid dependency is a problem you should be tested for it
Well beings you are the Senator of Massachusetts, maybe you should help the republicans make #AHCA better so it will help your state!!!
This post proves you have not even read the bill, do your job and stop lying or just give up your seat and go away.
Meh
US has 5% of the worlds population and consumes 80% of the pharmaceuticals.The FDA ,CDC, AMA & US govt have caused drug addiction
Why does no one point out that pharma is causing the opiod addiction and profiting from it? Pharma is the drug king pin.
But I thought Massachusetts had the greatest state plan in the universe? Why should the other 49 state help pay for it?
Fake statements from EW
If you don't like it it's probably a good thing.
The @GOP wants to keep us sick and uneducated. We'll be much easier to manage that way.
You should've cared about that when you allowed all those opioids into this country under your negligent watch. Young hopeful lives ruined.
Massachusetts can be more effective against opioid addiction by using available funding skillfully.
Warren worries about opioids as 10 million middle class Americans went bankrupt paying Obamacare premiums #AHCA senate
Where was she when Obama funneled $716 BILLION from Medicare to help fund his O-care disaster, to subsidize insurance companies? #AHCA
Stop sticking up for the pharmaceutical companies how much money did you pocket from these companies I can't wait to get out of office.
Build the wall!
Help control the border and you control the drugs!  Addicts don't buy healthcare.  They buy drugs on the corner.
And Obama care ripped away health care form Americans. So what's your point?
this is crisis need to come together and help those with the addiction so can lead better lives
The staff stays and annoys
Pleab
Not Trump care. Stop it
Stop lying to your followers! We know they are blind sheep already and don't know better other than what lies you tell and CNN!
yep!  this is how republicans serve their constituents by killing them off!!
Why doesn't @SenWarren and other politicans rely on #ObamaCare for their medical care...and why don't they pay premiums & have deductibles?
BS the opioid crisis is covered under law enforcement grants.
Perhaps they need less funds to buy opioids
Giving more power to states is a good thing, can't help it if people don't choose their state leaders wisely!
Where do those funds come from? They come from people like me that pay taxes, and pay for their own insurance without subsidies
A crisis u lib/mod progressive communist created to bankrupt the citizens u should b ashamed but u don't care
DO YOUR JOB!!! STOP CAMPAIGNING!
Maybe if you tried to stop the opioid crisis "in" Massachusetts, instead of going around the country bashing the President and campaigning.
We're counting on you @SenWarren and all of our Dem Senators to talk some sense into the Republicans! Go BLUE!!
You have deep pockets Liz pony up for an Opioid clinic
BS HOW ABOUT NO INSURERS, HIGH PREMIUMS AND DEDUCTIBLE FOR WORKING PEOPLE ALL YOU CARE ABOUT IS WELFARE FOLKS
Not true MA will now have choices
Why do I as a tax payer have to pay for someone else drug habit mistake
We have our own kids to feed and educate
You donate some of your millions to drug reform. Leave the middle slash tax payers out of it
We can all pitch in. It's what we do, take care of our neighbors. I pay for your children's education...
A drug crisis isn't tax payers problem ..
It ISN'T a done deal!  I have NO doubt the Senate will "tweak" it!  Democrats need to stop crying...
I bet your very proud of your racist Red Sox fans. Good thing for you their not racist against Native American Indians
Stop paying for illegal immigrants to live and eat in your state and you might be able to battle addiction. Maybe a wall would help too.....
Bla.bla bla. I hate republicans bla bla bla.    I'll never work with anyone that wants to save taxpayers money.  Bla bla bla.
Tell us where the money comes from? The rich, of course. Good, send all your money to the statehouse
Thank you
Let Massachusetts pay for their own Dopehead care.
State needs to address that NOT federal government!
Lizzy If You Run For POTUS In 2020 You Will be Guaranteeing Trump A 2 Term Presidency You Are The Same Fool As Failed Hillary U R Delusional

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
those funds are for the rich dems that run the AHCA its just like alcohol might help one out of 100 when r yall gonna stop with the lieing
Then FIX IT, stop whining!
Citation needed
What did the government do during the "crack" crisis?
So, let MA deal with it on the state level.
Maybe confine your criticism to Republicans instead of criticizing Pres. Obama.  Haven't heard a compliment on Obama's $2 million donation.
Uhh did you forget we have MassHealth? Btw the Gloucester project was shut down because it was working to fix the opioid problem. Shush
More babies they have. The more money you want to had them.
Please run for POTUS so you can fix this. We love you in Massachusetts
That should be on the families. Not tax payers. It's not our problem they're addicts.
Massachusetts had affordable healthcare before so how can we protect it?
So did I Amy, Worked for years for benefits, not just salary to support my family. Obama took that away. Now can't afford deductibles.
So funny to watch GOP pat themselves on back for passing HC bill. In 2018 they'll be kicking themselves in the ass.
A death sentence just passed today for so many Americans. Trump fails again.
Did Pelosi tell you that?!?!
And who's fault is that?
That's ok he'll send "his" military in and sort it out. Bad hombres causing it probably. Illegal immigrant doctors or some such thing...
Also will destroy Medicaid, which will affect special needs students!
Only thing that happened under obama care is the opioids problem grew and an accelerated rate.
Irony here? I'm a pain patient. The rotten apples continue to spoil the bunch. But worse, without Medicaid, I'd have died of lymphoma.
Is it possible in some way to give us a full copy of the Trumpcare Bill so we may see for ourselves what is actually happening?
An opioid crisis caused by the legal pharmaceutical industry, how about doing your job & legislating some laws on this industry.
@SenWarren yet you want open borders and drugs crossing? Yes you do, so then there is more government controlled clinics
Try real hard to understand this, no one wants open borders and to say so shows us that you are a simple thinker. Read books, try harder.
Then help to fix it Lizzie.  Stop obstructing.
my dearly loved cousin overdosed and died a few weeks ago. thank you for fighting for us. please keep going
Why is it taxpayers that have to fund addictive personalities???
Do you actually not understand this? You pay no matter what, we all pay. Now ins companies and the ultra rich pay less, you pay more.
Wasted time trying to explain healthcare to the rich, (struggles of the POOR). 
The RICH dont get it & never will. This is Bad!
Senator Warren, How do we stand in the face of such cruelty? How can they be so malicious?  Greed is so powerful.
@DanScavino Alinsky-speak = "rips"  HORSEFEATHERS
I'm a Massachusetts taxpayer. I don't give a Poop about the opioid crisis. Use my tax $ to build a wall please.
That's a lie. Opioid addiction money was passed in the budget not the insurance bill
Ohio leads in opioid,Fact. Massachusetts has is own version of universal healthcare coverage since 2006
You could try.....enforcing drugs laws.
Shouldn't states fund their own opioid crisis?
Plan B: Conn/Mass/Vt. Line! Fossil Fuels Prohibited and Full Indigenous Rights and Legalization of Cannabis/Independence for New England!

What have u done for ma? Except spew BS
Please don't give Trump the gratification of anything being named in his "honor" such as "trump"care 
He doesn't need anything else with his name on it to prove he is successful.  Maybe Democrats will like it if it's called "AmeriCare."
It rips funds away from who in MA? Those on Medicaid and not paying for health care?
#VoteNoAHCA
They better fight it with something else cuz they ain't winning
If you want universal coverage in MA let state do it on own
so so??? where is your mill???
@realDonaldTrump #Pocahontas Warren has been in Gov a long time. Opioid use became a crisis on her watch. She will politicize anything.
Don't worry, Jared Kushner has the Opioid crisis covered. He'll stop it by listening and wearing neat suits. #fthahca

Everybody knows insurance companies like collecting primiums but not paying on claims. #AHCA is GOP's way of standing by them.#VoteNoAHCA
Do you have any clue who wrote the ACA that the democrats voted through without reading? Psssst, it was the insurance companies.
Focus on this instead of Obamas speaking fees plz - the soulless GOP is the enemy we are all fighting
Which presumably means all states are negatively affected by this bill because all states are battling the opioid crisis.
Then YOU need to stop it. No offense here, I respect you. But the talk talk talk, no action stuff is getting old.Peeps getting weary & wary
Help Fix it.
Yes. Too bad Massachusetts has so many universities instead of coal mines.
435 elected congressional leaders just exempted themselves from this their own health care bill.  Unanimously!!
Think about that!
Exact opposite
if you were my senator i would probably do drugs also...obamacare failing more insurers announce today they are fleeing..now what
Lots of poor people will die, but they can rest assured their sacrifice allowed the rich to pay less taxes because they already gave so much
All the socialists STEAL money from everyone, and when people take their money back you cry "WAAAAHHH they hate the people" NO!  YOU thief!
THEY PASS THIS WE NEED TO FIRE THEM!
nice to see the House can exempt themselves from it......380 yeah votes on HR 2192 right now
They are trying to kill us
No it does not why are u lying!!
ONLY IF THE STATE TAKES THE WAIVER! OTHERWISE THAT IS NOT TRUE!
Funds aren't fixing the opioid crisis
INSTEAD OF GOING AFTER THE INSURANCE COMPANY'S FOR NOT COVERING AMERICANS INSTEAD YOU GOING AFTER THE SICK AND POOR WE  SEE YOU ALL IN COURT
Thought Obamacare was handling that so well????
What else should we expect from the soulless GOP?
Just more common sense. Take care of yourself cupcake and you don't need to worry
Rolling back Dodd-Frank consumer protections. That should result in another financial disaster.
