Thank you so much for standing against the systematic genocide agenda of @realDonaldTrump for #PuertoRico  The @UN should also intervene!

I will make sure I laugh too when it gets to be your turn and the turn of those you love.
Pocahontas what about to congratulate the Governor who is the one that get all this help?
Good work bashing USA help 4 political purposes. Shame on You! All kind of help is there according to Governor but not according to you.
If you're so worried Elizabeth Warren why don't you get your butt off the couch and help oh I forgot you're a Democrat glad I switched
Here's  more BS
CNN photo op had that San Juan mayor wading in water looking for survivors,  just plain ridicules, ted lieu was praising the mayor.

ThIs coming from the her Native American chief's daughter,she is a Koo-koo if ever there was one! ... DO NOT RE-ELECT!
Again, this time in english, comrade.
Comrade,ahhh a Socialist,as well as a Liberal! ...
Look at you go. All those big words and capitalization.  Nice try, comrade. 
I did not just "Try",I GOT MY POINT MADE!!! How's your bushka???
Will Congress pass an infrastructure bill for PR and the Virgin Islands that will provide restoration and much needed employment?
It isn't the government's job to provide employment. The infrastructure was largely destroyed, though, so that will be rebuilt, brand new.
I'm sure @CarmenYulinCruz appreciatesThe verbal support, but really the Senate needs to get in the president's face!
You are right
YOU are a TRUE leader! I hope you are President come 2020!
You might suggest she work with @fema to coordinate distribution & road-clearing efforts. Other PR mayors have.
She's a true hero & leader!
You and the mayor are pathetic.   I hope the corruption in PR ARE EXPOSED
We need to see a massive effort underway at daybreak, 1000k's of tons of supplies hitting dry land etc. 
The DC bullshitting can wait.
So her own selfish attention is more important. She has done nothing.
Luv her t-shirts and hats
Thank you both for your leadership!  America stands with Puerto Rico. Soon Trump will be in jail for all the wrong he has done.
Dream on...l
 
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
#impeachTrumpnow

You should be speaking to the Governor, not pandering to a whining female mayor intent on making POTUS look bad. Thank God for Geraldo truth
Thank you! Please get this administration out asap.
Pity trump isn't
That's great, but. Seriouslywhat are we going to do? Calls need to be made to the pres he's the 1who can command the military presence there
You need to call your mayor she is holding up the supplies at the port. Listen to the police officer
Thank you. Crooked Putinist Trump wants to drive a wedge between every fissure in America. We cannot let that happen.
#impeachTrumpnow
Yes, keep it up! #EstamosUnidos
Trumps remarks are because a woman who is strong & vocal is calling him to task. Her people are suffering while the pres. plays golf
Praying for all in PR. Trump will be the down fall of our Nation!!! God help us all!!
#impeachTrumpnow
Did you make sure to tell her to keep the teamster drivers away till the fema food behind her in the interview rots ?dont wanna lose votes
@realDonaldTrump Becomes more aggressive when people are vulnerable (crying,kneeling), attacks when assumed to be criticized #Cowardice
#impeachTrumpnow

Please tell her we are thinking of her and our fellow Americans there. Ask her not to allow that miserable toad to come on Tuesday.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Pander much?
Thank you. Thats leadership
This mayor is a total idiot, going on live TV bashing the POTUS while all the relief aid support is right behind her !!!!!!!
San Juan was smart to elect a great leader. When the going for tough, she got going. I'm in awe of her.
Nobody cares what u think and nobody cares what u think ur doing. Go away
This report is from a cop in P. R. This Mayor is CORRUPT-WATCH & LISTEN TO THIS VIDEO-She is holding back AID    https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s 
What good did your phone call do for the people of Puerto Rico, Senator? Who's playing politics with a national disaster now? Smh.
Ummmm.. shocking. 1 out of 76 other mayors.. hardley a surprise u take advantage of those under ypu.
"URANIUM ONE"
Wow, Liz. A PHONE CALL! Wow, what will you do next? Send her a text? You’re a political windbag & otherwise a cipher.
Corrupt lazy PR union workers too.
Despite Trump's BS about the Puerto Rican people expecting everything to be handed to them.
#impeachTrumpnow

Now is the time @SenWarren to start impeachment proceedings. Enough talk. PR is the last straw.
. You freaks make me laugh. Your daily meltdowns are the best. 7 more years of this is and my abs will be ripped from laughing.
did you tell her to quit throwing food deliveries in the trash?   Did you send her a new T shirt to wear ?
@realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan  wanted you to see what REAL leadership looks like - you guys should try it
#Russianbot
Thank you Senator. Carmen Yulin Cruz must know that the people are with her not with the Trump Administration. We are with her and PR! 
Is this Kamala Wannabe in PR?  No. Is Lizzie?  No. So sit down.
Right, because what they need there are more untrained people to house and feed. Pretty slow, aren't you?
Plenty went to Texas. Rubio went to PR. All you Leftist do is whine and squeal. Go help then!
Rubio has family there, Dolt. They need FUEL and BULLDOZERS and water, not MORE PEOPLE. You're a special kind of
.
"There are two kinds of people in the world: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data"
 aid is there. Too many yappers not knowing how to distribute. Take lessons from Texas.
You two put together don't make a decent politician! You are both a pair of idiots with no common sense, but very knowledgeable on how to fill out your pockets with the people's money
Pocahontas... you don't know anything about leadership. Democrats equal incompetence ask   Hillary, DWS or Comrade Sanders, Obummer or Biden
We are voting you out! 
Wow you continue to be a real piece of work???? Have you done what to help the corrupt mayor and the people of PR?
Lol so u encouraged her not to work with Fema so people really die under her watch. U should be the poster idiot for liberal logic.
She's been invited to the FEMA center several times to check on the situation but she's too busy doing tv and being a Democrat. 
Sadly she stopped being heroic as soon she politicized this tragedy 2fit agendas.If she needs help saving lives
#SanJuanMayor says residents are "dying," & somehow @realDonaldTrump is to blame. I'm here. Who is dying? Why? Where? Let me help save them.
You’re quoting Geraldo Rivera? He sucks Russian cock
I don't care if he sucks Russian . He tweeted he wants to save lives.
The mayor is actually getting down and dirty saving lives. geraldo is a useless hack looking for ratings
Yeap! My local gov is helping out. I'm sure this box is very appreciated . At least it's a relief
Or you find yourself in Phoenix without food or shelter after a major storm. Need some food? Cool, the local govt has your back: (13/x) 
You angry, Fauxcahontas?
She should be in the FEMA meeting, not talking to a fake native
The Mayor's incompetence is both genderblind & colorblind. It's ABSOLUTE.
your supporting a mayor who has lied and got caught.Corruption runs deep in the island.She has no leadership drug cartels run the island
Oh yeah it take heroic work to sabotage their own people to please her dem masters. Go jump in a lake lady.
All of it is #fakenews .
Shame on you for coaching the Mayor on making this a political event.Peoples lives are in danger and you are treating this like a chess game
You're either being had or are as evil as Cruz.
Maybe you should have told her to distribute the supplies that they're holding back? Just a thought.
Any bullshit native... errr, narrative for political points, right Poca Loca? Y'all are two peas in a pod.
Birds of a feather. Incompetent women together.
Hey Liz hey 3 on a plane and get down there instead of making empty speeches  you hypocrite faux Indian

Lol
The democrats will lose Senate seats this November.
She can't "keep up" something she never started doing in the first place!
"We've had a joint field office est. for numerous days in San Juan..what we need is for the Mayor (San Juan) to...
"We've had a joint field office est. for numerous days in San Juan..what we need is for the Mayor (San Juan) to make her way..." @FEMA_Brock 
Interesting. She isn't showing any leadership but of course that doesn't fit your narrative. We see through the crap. Disgusting.
So you're behind the lying #POS who refused to expedite distribution of supplies? #NoMoralCompass
Did you patch her through to FEMA Comms?  She's had problems getting in touch.
That's great. Did you contact the other 77 mayors, the Congresswoman,  and the Governor who all say Trump is doing a great job? #LiberalHate
Did u tell her to meet with FEMA, cuz she hasn't yet
Nice virtue signaling, Pocahontas
SAn Juan she isn't in charge of PR DUH.
That's ridiculous!  Why is she talking to you instead of FEMA?  I don't believe you talked to her.
How many attack interviews did she do just today…
What the hell is she talking to a liar like you for? She should be working with FEMA. I guess she needed to order more t-shirts.
Are you giving her some pointers on how to lie?
All u need to know. Carmen and Angry Liz are "talking".
This tweet won't age well.
Nobody believes either one of you liars. Disgraced Mayor of San Juan lied about the support she was getting just to appease dems. sick
You're a fraud Warren.
you are acting infantile
She refused to attend the FEMA camp several times, refused to let supplies be distributed. She's not a hero, she's a zero.
HaHa who do you help?  Fake Indian.  
Dem SJ mayor is in Heaven
Do Dems believe in Heaven?
U live in Hell now 
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Why u have 0 to offer
#WonderWomen stepping up to show leadership

I think #CarmenYulinCruz is the #PuertoRican #WonderWoman of #PuertoRico 

#HelpPuertoRico
I pray we are all witness to the massive dose of karma coming your way you horrible horrible sad to say human.
No wonder she is doing nothing for them.
She will end up losing her job when it gets out she is harming her own people on purpose. I hope she appreciates all your help.
Has she attended any FEMA meetings yet?
So she’s, like, Liawatha Junior?
 STFUp Pocahontas
Damn one whack job talking to another whack job, both are useless
You truly just prove more and more why Republicans keep wiping y’all out. You’re a retarded old bird.
When is she going to start? Will she be taking more interviews tomorrow or actually handing out the supplies #trump sent @realDonaldTrump
I wouldn't call missing FEMA meetings heroic, but that's just me. After all, I'm no Pocahontas so what do I know
You would...
Did she send you 1 of her custom shirts she made while her ppl suffer & she can't figure out how to get them supplies that Fema delivered?
https://twitter.com/PressSec/status/914260993273888768 …
#LyingLeft
#UnaVergunza
For those who don't let the truth get in the way of a good story here's the actual timeline of massive federal response in Puerto Rico-> 
So you support extortion, gouging these poor citizens? Where did million us Foreign Aid to PR go? Not to the Electric Grid or Infrastructure
Did you bother to call the other 77 mayors or just the one that lies about the relief efforts?
Did you ask her about withholding aid for political reasons?
Not surprising that you're in support of a corrupt liberal looney who cares about virtue signaling over the safety of citizens.
Elizabeth, the mayor should do her job and work with FEMA and the truckers union, and stop making up BS.
What is wrong with you?
You hate Trump so much you would have people die?????
You too will be exposed one day Elizabeth
What's REALLY going on in Puerto Rico
+a little perspective on the San Juan Mayor
whose description of US efforts contradicts the Governor's 
Good work?! You mean lying abt help and holding back supplies being sent to those in need. Yeah great Democrat work.
How about maybe you ask her to go to the Fema headquarters and assist them - rather than running around giving interviews.
n other words: stick to talking pts & we'll make sure MSM covers. And stop pictures in front of supplies sent.
Does she call you Elizabeth or Pocahontas?? Please reply 
If she's listening to you no wonder she's screwed this up
You're both big, corrupt frauds. Parasites on humanity sucking the system for all your worth.
And then, in keeping with your leader #HerpesHillary you both #drydiddledyourself. You both are disgusting examples of self servitude
This mayor FAILED San Juan, and that's what other Puerto Rico mayors have stated. This woman did NOTHING to prepare San Juan, only bitch
Well now we know why all of a sudden that mayor started ranting.  Typical of Warren to start something like this.
Sitting around chatting on the phone instead of working still...put the phone down and deliver some food and water!
Standing in front of all the supplies giving interviews. Why isn't there a line of ppl anywhere? Photo Op hag!
Please tell her to get off the microphone being political and start helping her own ppl!
You're as evil as the mayor is! Encouraging dereliction is a disgrace!

https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/913930029020610560 …
Are you the one who is telling her to keep the supplies from being delivered to the people to try and score political points? Sick.

Mayor .@CarmenYulinCruz is a Joke! You got time Time to make T-shirt’s but claim y’all dying and not getting help #PuertoRicanLivesMatter 
Best reply yet
#CarmenYulinCruz
You would
Of course you did b/c Democrats always put politics over saving lives. One could argue though that lying about @POTUS isn't really "heoric"
Please run in 2020. Please run! You won't win, but we want you to run, Pocahantas! It'll be entertaining.
Well this explains why @CarmenYulinCruz lied on camera about Trump. Evidently, she is one of your tools. Fake Cherokee.
So you told her too lie like a good little liberal
DO YOUR JOB LADY!  Knock this BS off and earn your paycheck.  Your constituents deserve SO MUCH BETTER!
Lol
Pocahontas, you're joking right?
How much have YOU donated to hurricane victims!?
Liz... you are dangerously insane. Seek help.
Why are you interfering? Not the time to start campaigning Pocahontas. I think u r backing the wrong horse if she runs again.
Supplies are there. The Mayor is incompetent, has not attended any FEMA meetings and has no clue what is going on & either do you! #corrupt
Shut up Pocahontas
@SenWarren I'm am sorry to see you all flock to praise @CarmenYulinCruz before even acknowledging the reality of her incompetence.
She's had time to do tv interviews, make tshirts, calls w/ Senators who can't do anything but offer political advice yet hasn't met w/ @fema
Money to teach classes at Harvard? Seems that's more of a priority to you.
You've been talking to her? That explains her NASTY ATTITUDE!
What work!?! Political activism? You people are sick
Warren, your hatred exceeds your humanitarian goodwill
Yes she is a liar like you Pocahontas
Do you think you could get me a hat and t shirt from Carmen ??
All sh does s whine and tell lies
You mean her radio and telephone pleas with all the supplies stacked in pallets behind her.  She's a friggen joke.
Why the fuck was she on the phone with you and not working with military/FEMA to get her people necessary supplies and other aid?
She is NO HERO! YOU are NO INDIAN! The only thing you two have in common is you ARE BOTH LIARS!!!
Please tell her to call FEMA to get speedy help.
You're an embarrassment to MA and to women. 
Did you tell her not to stand in front a bunch of USAID when talking shit about the pres? D's really are scum bags...
You hypocrite! Anyone can see all the supplies behind the democrat mayor of San Juan.  of course, a dem can’t figure out distribution.
https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/914564272822173696 … SHE IS SELLING THE AID INSTEAD OF GIVING IT AWAY! SHE'S A CROOK THAT SHOULD BE JAILED!
No wonder she is acting like a fool. She is being coached by one
She has time to call u but no time for FEMA. It's a sad  attempt at hurting the POTUS and its done while she hurts her own people. It's sick
