And people don't walk out of your speeches!! 
Because your side is full of intolerance. And sore losers!
Or we just don't like hearing old bigots speak.
Let's talk hypocrisy since you brought it up. Seems to me that it makes those who walk out the hypocritical ones.
Sorry my friend,  I got confused
I would give anything to hear you speak! You are my hero!!! 
She is brilliant and fearless #imwithher
That is contrary to my experience...
One degree is in political science....chill out
Mrs.Warren, Maybe you didn't see me ask b 4 what is your position on Seth rich murder?  Should we look for facts? Or let it go?
I would say look for facts which are likely not going to be found on Sean Hannity's feed or show.
Reminds you of the trump witch hunt doesn't it? A bunch of speculation but no actual evidence.
Touch upon the FACT that You Falsified Your Work Application? Typically, a HR no no? Grads may want to know how?
Wow...Trump must had a dedicated team of Trolls for your Twitter...Really Sad #ScavinoThugs.   Keep up your Great Work. #ImpeachTrump
Turned it into liberal recruitment party you suck
I love when you speak. Period.

.@SenWarren The Cherokee People are disgusted by you.  Watch this video.  They know you are a #FakeIndian .  Apology? 
What happened to the days when graduation was about the STUDENTS, not some wing nuts political career?
Did you speak with your tomahawk in your hand?
Wacko
Must be nice to see where your inflated salary came from, huh?
Do you really know what your talking about
.Anyone walk out? I bet not bc you are fucking awesome!
She's nuts a million time's over. She's need's to be  a but house.
@SenWarren? No way! She's awesome. PERIOD! (LOL that's how it's done now )
We know who the con's are. I support President  Trump.
Well okay
Speaking of your Native American heritage lie.
Another chance to spew your garbage to a new crop of kids.
Did u communicate using smoke signals liawatha
Girl come speak at mine Smith Voc on June 1st
Simple word won't get her to speak, gotta have $300,000
I  YOU Senator Warren!  Keep fighting for us!
While filling your pockets with wompom and heap big teepee  where do you get your peyote for spirit walks?
Hopefully you told them you were 165 centimeters tall, with a mass of 75 kilograms and a 37 degree body temperature
I can't believe how many Kool-Aid drinking Follow you have
Fake news!
Nobody wants to hear from you @SenWarren
Yup brainwashing more liberals. What a waist of time. They could be listening to someone that has something important to say. Not a wacko
Those poor graduates
Great Speech, I love to watch you speak.Thank you Senator.
America is waiting to hear back on request for a DNA test for your native heritage...when will it be done?
Don't come to my graduation you lost my vote.
You are insane
If there was anyone to walk out on it would be this clown
Spew the usual crap to a bunch of idiots that can't tie their own shoes. They all have many trophies, for LAST PLACE!
Will you show them your CDIB card or maybe apologize to Native Americans for being insensitive to their plight?
at 400k a speech id love it too.
YES POCAHONTAS, we know you can lie from sunup to dark!!
hey girl!!!  keep up the great work!  will you be on cnn anytime soon?  maybe do a cnn townhall?
I doubt if any reasonable graduate wants to listen to your psycho babble

-Any opportunity to make a campaign speech or to try to disgrace the President of the United States. Right, Elizabeth?
And slamming Trump! How about a little encouragement
Ugh
You should , tell them how much money you get paid from the University , your the problem with tuition costs !! U fraud
No one cares about what you say. Support your President.
Did any walk out on you??
Sure Lizzy, so you can push your negative political retroact! Frankly no one is interested in your liberal crap! Stay home!
Tell them about Pocohanus!
No one loves you, like you do.
VA Shiva, Indian-born scientist challenges Elizabeth Warren to submit to a DNA test to prove she's Cherokee http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/watch-elizabeth-pocahontas-warren-gets-called-cherokee-indians-heritage-prove/ …
No interest more important new, our Pres.is making roads to peace iOBOZO made a deal with the devil in Iran, thank God he is our leader
So you can corrupt minds with your nonsense.
You just like hearing yourself talk...  Smart Americans know you have no chance in 2020
No thanks.
Lizzy Warren, you only love yourself. what do you do besides spew hate and forget to take your meds?
We don't love how you fill our children's minds with hateful propaganda and false facts!! You are getting voted out very soon!!
HILLARY IS COMING TO WELLESLEY...THE LEGIT PRESIDENT. NOW THATS ONE I WILL LISTEN TO...WE WERE ROBBED AND YOUR BOY SANDERS HELPED.

Of course!!! It's all about you!
Maybe you should have been in South Bend, a little embarrassing over there!
And your probably the only one that wants to hear you
Wack job!
Thank you for inspiring young people, Senator!
Can you please order a investigation into the death of Seth Rich.
I bet YOU didnt have any mass exodus when you spoke!
Will she be in full Native American garb?
I bet no one walked out on you #notredamewalkout #notmyVP
How much do you get paid for those?
Offensive, dishonest, wrong. This from the Cherokee Nation to you!
You are a real role model, ma'm!
Time for you to #proveit
Did you tell everyone you're really not Native American and you expected a high paying job on a LIE.
Seth Rich!!! Is it going to take you down? God I hope so!
Saw you there. You were great!  Keep up the good work.
We love you too!!!!
Maybe it's her disability
Trumpc*nts and Russian bots with nothing better to do on a Sunday night than troll. Sad.
Did you wear your headdress?
Sounded more like a campaign speech than a commencement speech
No one would walk out on you - guaranteed!!
Why don't you try giving the students some words of encouragement instead of using it to bash the president?
She can't. Whites and Native Americans have been enemies for a long time
You are a Obstructionist / Democrat you hate Law and Order and the Constitution.
My Alma Mater!
you thilley
So you turn them into criminals by telling them not to pay loans back, you really are a piece of work
Feel bad for graduates who have to sit through your speech.
And they don't boo or walkout on you!
After watching the President this weekend I realized how worthless U and Chucky are. What have you done to help Americans? nothing...exactly
So is your idea of paradise Venezuela?  Democrats love Socialism. Too bad most of your boot lickers don't even know what's going on there
No thanks
your one amazing lady.  loved your speech.
We need an investigation into this fake Indian
Fav topic, ethics? The fact that in your own career you have been an over paid millionaire educator. You continue to be part of the problem.
maxine is a perfect example of why there should be fixed terms in the legislature.
maxine told msnbc that putin told the donald to use " crooked hillary" . your party is hysterical, hyperventilating and a laughing stock.
How many hundred thousand dollars did they pay you?
Warren 2020! I am a UMassAmherst graduate now living in California and enjoyed hearing you speak Senator Warren, thank you for your work!
no thank you
What do you think about violent convicted sex offender #MarvAlbert calling @nba games for big money on major networks? @NBAonTNT #jewmoney
You know you're just a politician when U love to talk bout @POTUS  ignore him when he's having a grt trip. #RiyadhSummit2017  @IvankaTrump
Glad you enjoy speaking because no one is listening. Anything to boost your personal moral.
You were elegant and uplifting
Take her outa Massachusetts please Fast you can have her !
Great..  you impart your liberal bullshit on young minds.. oh well.. we're screwed anyway!
You're so much more inspiring than the "I'm-a-victim-woe-is-me" so-called POTUS.
Of course she inspires you what did you do tonight have a cocktail and watch a rock Hudson, Doris day romcom ? 
Do you condemn Antifa tactics against speakers you disagree with?  Before you answer, stuff goes around and comes back around.
can we have a real war on DRUGS and not a DAFT war on drugs??
I love you & you made graduation less sad
Are you liberal ?
I would've walked out on you.

You mean you like trying to brainwash these graduates, getting them to be Anti American.
Go get um fauxcahontas
Please don't run in 2020. Thanks for the CFPB, tho.
ALERTfauxcahounis in need of meds!
Geez must be a real treat. Last time they heard from you as a professor, when you pulled in a few hundred K, which matches their debt.

Emotionally unstable
Good Elizabeth is ok i heard there was an accident at ringling brothers circus and i was worried
Like Americans really need to hear your deep state mumbo jumbo you twit...you have no ideas to fix anything
That's because conservative graduates have a lot more class than liberal grads and actually let you speak. Libs lack good parental guidance.
We can show class by speaking at the polls. We spoke you are not listening. So, we will say it louder next election. Got IT
Doubtful. Democrats have no leaders. That's why they ran Hillary. Who's next? Warren? Pocahontas is worse than Hillary! Laughable!
Did you wear your full headdress, feathers and warpaint?
U need help
you were amazing!!
She's an idiot. #liar#fake
Keep it  non partisan , Lizzie , people are just beginning to recover ! Heal the nation to stabilised the world .. balanced,  Senator !
did you tell them how unfairly you're treated?
Good for you Pocahontas
No thanks
Did you fill their heads with bs?
Poor kids, bet their ears hurt.
You mean bashing Trump at MA graduations....  You bring nothing else noteworthy to these events.
Is this university 1 gives diploma to all who attend. Has safe places 4 people to cry  in. Will only allow caps to help people across St.

I'm guessing the graduates you speak to are just relieved they didn't end up with a racist homophobe instead. Gotta feel bad for Notre Dame.
Snobbery, Elizabeth! You ought to enjoy BA graduations just as much. 

