Explain how she disrespected America
So basically you have nothing correct
Don't need one but thank you
Kirk!  HAVE YOU BEEN DRINKING AGAIN ?
What about your total disrespect for Americans' intelligence?! Guess that flatly disqualifies you for the Senate.
What about your disrespect to everyone you disagree with?
Do you have anything civilized to say about anyone?
What about your disrespect for the American people.
Thank you so much for your service and standing up for the hard working Americans among us. You are one of the best and brightest.
Thank you for representing my points of view .  I don't get how republican voters don't get these nominees are not there to help them.
Some lackey texting for lizzy
Does that include lying to constituents about heritage and writing a book all false claims?
KICK THEIR BUTTS SENATOR KEEP FIGHTING FOR US DESPITE WHAT TBE KOOL-AID DRINKING MORONS SAY
Oh dear.Be safe but not for him. Tornado with a handbag we support you. Now have to get rid of Abe. Another P friend.
U disrespect our president all the time! Resign now!!!stop making up things about our president!! Stop!!!
According to you, everyone is disqualified.
You Trumpets are the minority!  Seens nothing but well wishes for her!  Wake up!
Move out of the way loser
VOTE YES ON THE BUSH NOMINATION.
That's like the pot calling the kettle black. You disrespect everone who doesn't fall in line with your Socialism! Get lost!
@SenateDems You have a problem w\ everyone. I no longer listen to you.
Gee more obstruction from the fake Indian
YOU ARE disqualified from being a human
Your inaction and your words prove you are unfit to hold a any office.
Liz, don't go to the senate floor any more! You've been saying that for way too long now! Do the right thing!
Do it.
Thanks for looking out for us, Elizabeth
Ever ponder how 45% of the country feels about your socialistic views and hatred of the private sector?
go for it!
Try not to talk, every time you open your mouth, part of your brain falls out.
What about your disrespect for Reps Liz?  Should disqualify you from being senator.
Super, enjoy your delusion
So why are you going to the floor? Oh wait you're part of the resistance anti-America bring Trump down ruin America Democrats
Sounds like a good man to me.
the view that the Constitution should be interpreted as written $ that's the judiciary’s duty to say what the law is, not what it should be
is probably better known as a guiding figure in the local Federalist Society, a group of libertarians and conservatives that promotes
Bush, a Harvard Law School graduate and co-chair of Greenebaum’s litigation.
I am not able to make$$ contrabutions but feel to use my tweets
Why don't you give some specifics not generalities
Go get em Senator Warren! We are with you 100%!
Shiva Ayyadurai for Senate,  2018.
Get him Sen. Warren.
If a candidate is conservative that disqualifies them in your narrow view, huh?
I would say No just because he hails from #McConnell home state .. but that is just me
You are a fraud
stay strong...big devils
O Palibe wina woyenera kuposa iwe! Ndiwe yemweyo! Kuchokera ku America kugwira ntchito mwakhama! Mumagwira ntchito mumsewu wabwino kwambiri!
Respect for the law just has no place in your mindless obstruction
I can't for a new president to come along and outlaw You and your worthless Democratic party

Yes but he will be confirmed, sadly dems are powerless to stop it. Sadly. I don't no what's wrong with America.
Nevertheless she persisted.
Your a rich witch stop stealing from the American people
We need the real Bush back. #GeorgeW2018
You're disrespect for our country,its constitution, immigration laws,inciting riots,our @POTUS, disqualifies u from even stating an opinion
I agree!
Take the DNA test u fake cheater.  Shiva's gonna crush u
Yes, he is very Trump like. It's a sad day when the POTUS or a judge are not acceptable role models for children
Your disrespect for our president disqualifies you as a senator.
Ok sitting squaw.  You said it
So he didn't kiss your ass sufficiently?
You #senwarren are very unfit to be a United States senator.  Lying about your ancestry shame on you
U R A JOKE Lizzy!!!!
You are one of the loudest and apparently the most angry person in congress. Is their anyone you would support nominated by Trump?
How about your total disrespect for the office of the presidency? That flatly disqualifies you to be a Senator.
Whoa have u looked on the mirror lately?
Liars in the Senate disrespect all Americans. Show this picture to your friends.
Quite comical to see Dems still not getting why they lost. Keep it up chief. You're time until voted out is near.
By you're own logic, you're disrespect for the American people should disqualify you from office
How does disrespect disqualify?
Any excuse for outrage, amiright?
Let's talk about your fund raiser and Wall Street. You never cease to amaze us on low you can go.
Stick and Move, SenWarren!  I agree but more compelling issues beckon #TRUMPRUSSIA , please don't get distracted!
Prove trump Russia!!!
Thank you Senator!
Your mindless drones are thanking you. Can you have the decency to say " Thank you, drones"?
Your qualifications for judgement on any subject?
And your disrespect for the truth disqualifies you for your position.
Take your broom with 

What's up pocohanatis
Not being completely truthful abt your NA Heritage disqualifies you from re-election. #Termlimits #wallstreethooker #Retire
Don't let him get what he wants stop that jackal before he ruins America with trump!
Pocahontas, put down your phone and start earning your paycheck, and please run in 2020! Tune in to #CNN for debate help! #MAGA
Keep fighting we appreciate you
Shut up #Pocahontas  #MAGA
You,are,a@sad@case@to call out someone for disrespect ! Wake up !
You are one amazing woman!
Warren talking about lack of respect. Omg. Laughing so hard right now.
You and your lib cronies will object and obstruct everyone. Don't go to floor just back to your teepee.
Unqualified judge appointments are some of the longest lasting harms Trump Admin can do. Don't let this happen!
At least his appointments follow the constitution
They don't but if they did they would be the first thing even vaguely constitutional connected to Trump Admin. 
Give me one thing that Trump has done that is unconstitutional
emoluments.
Oh but it was ok for Hillary to take 5 million from the Germans for her campaign and 145 million from the Russians and bill took 500 k
Lucky for Trump his legal defense is (slightly) more competent than you. Maybe they can get him the "Nixon Deal"
You are obviously too young o know history. Nixon did not get a deal.
Looks like it's mostly Dems that are rich
You are talking about disrespect your the queen
Um no one cares where you go as long as you keep your mouth shut #kidapproved #whovotedforher as a girl I'm ashamed we share a gender 
Why will you not take a DNA test?
I'm sure he'll just body slam his way in.
LOST IN SPACE MISS E WALK TO THE LIGHT THE GOP WILL HELP YOU FIND YOUR WAY
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/887781343249170432 …
UR own disrespect 4 Pres.Trump & 4 America disqualifies U 2 be a Senator. U place judgement the same applies 2 U Hope UR voted out soon
The people he disrespects most is a lying Indian like you.
Sadly, Elizabeth- disrespect for others is what our President touts daily- how can we allow one and not the other? Help us make it right.
If Liz doesn't like him then he's got 2 b good. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp. Dems=obstruct, lie, deceive America.
At being a liar and greedy thief
How did your party you threw for the big banker go? Did he write a big check?
Didnt you disrespect Native Americans when you were claiming to be one in order to get preferential treatment?  Pot, meet kettle! #Hypocrite
Like you would know @SenWarren. You're not qualified as an Indian.
There is no such thing as an Indian!  If you're going to criticize her, at least get your language right.

Respect??  You don't even respect babies or the immigration law. C U Next Tuesday
Love your reply.
Ugh, i freaking love you. You and Bernie should be running as President and VP together and shut all this s#$& down. lol

Shut up
You're disrespectful all the damn time.
If Lizzie is a no, I am surely a YES!
Can you please run for President in 2020? Like honestly we need a #president that cares
. 
Let's hope she does. What a cakewalk for Trump that would be.
Agreed! 
They need to create Safe Zones in the countries creating Refugees Keep them in their home country USA does not need more losers from 3rd wor
As long as he respects the law who cares who he disrespects
Don't forget FBI NOMINEE ties to Russian bank Sessions just settled with for pennies on the dollar
OMG u r pathetic!!!  Look at all of the democrats first
This is what I picture you doing to the rest of the fools in Congress.  You are Daenerys in this scene.
Yassss
Just like your socialist ideas
Boooo, your crazy lady just out touch with reality, see a psychiatrist please???
Your false claim of being a minority disqualifies you from passing judgement on John Bush.
Let me guess........ he's a republican, right?
Was reading about this nominee: just No No No!!!! Thank you Sen Warren
So for which circuits would you deem him qualified?
With you Senator!
Don't forget how you disrespected Indian spot stealing their heritage for your own personal gain.
Another Supreme Court win today for the Trump Administration and the American people.
Wait! What?
Senator Warren everything's about this POTUS from his family, appointments, Putin to his dirty mouth is a disappointment get rid of him.
Are you still stuck on Russia? How thick headed can you be?
LIAR......YOU LOSE
beat it bot
Just because someone disagrees with your point of view doesn't make them a bot.  Go back into your mom's basement, Bot.
Actually just going into your mom's bedroom.  A round of skully for my boys
How dare they appoint this bigot to any position
It’s cute how you think qualifications still matter in 2017.
Lying about being an Indian disqualifies you from being out of jail. Resign
You should talk you disrespect the president and all republicans every single day on Twitter or to the media.
You're going to take the recession in the ass just like the rest of us. Funny huh?
Recession where?  Do you not follow the stock market?
Did you NOT learn anything from 2008?
GO SENATOR WARREN!!!
and dont come back.
Where in the constitution does it disqualify him for that? Get your bolts tightened...demagogue
Go get em Sen Warren
resign in protest
@SenSanders PLEASE STEP DOWN NOW! THANK YOU, WE NEED A NEW DEMOCRATIC LEADER, DEMOCRATIC!!
Mr Sanders you need to find a nice retirement room somewhere far, far away, like in Africa. Please, please 
