Just listened to debate. I am so disappointed in both sides. All finger pointing. So much $$ on law degrees, wasted. Work together.
When an entire block is anti-intellectualism, learn a new language to communicate. 
Are you suggesting it's the thinking sides' responsibility to play at the anti-intellectual level? Just curious!
I'm stating, it's that mentality... right there... that is the problem. The us vs them. What good is a govt that cannot hear each other.
I agree with you though? How exactly do you communicate with someone who refuses to honor facts/truth -- there's no "other language"
Making this a both sides issue is the problem. Sorry, Kristy. I choose to live in a society/reality with objective truth. We all should.
Specific to this bill, it is a both side problem. The affordable healthcare act is flawed on many fundamental levels. Both sides had time.
Seriously? GOP has been running on "repeal" for 7 years, and yet... Dems have been WIDE OPEN to fixing in a bipartisan way. Please read up.
No
Hope your opponent the real Indian takes you out in the next election 
Couldn't possibly love you more! 

U left out "after U ask your big contributors".
So when are you going to learn how to be a senator?
Sounds pretty clear to me.
Would be it were just that simple. But some of these guys are cowards. The Gerrymander means that Members are more hemmed in than Senators.

If your liberal vote NO to a Republican proposal.. If your a Mensch, vote what's good for Americans... not the Democrat Anti Trump Agenda.
A LITTLE LOUDER FOR THE OLD MEN ABOUT TO KILL US

Ty Sen. I find it hard to believe that
The GOP who tried to kill us with our own money some of us have work to and three jobs we've paid tax
Tell that 2 Pat Buchanob. He bad mthd McCain tday for not falling in line. Acted likevoting no on skinnycare was treason
You mean if your constituents support the bill
Of course.  They work for the people not their own self serving interests.
you left out the part that says if the other party supports it, you automatically oppose
While we are at it, you are a big anti-banking fraud so why did you never say a word about Bernie? Why are YOU not investigating? Hypocrite
So why do you ALWAYS vote PARTY before country and common sense? Oh, yeah you are a DEM, rules do not apply to you
Snowflake
Senator? How about a paid ...... You will sell for the big money in your check book!
If it's going to cause harm push the 'NO' button if you can't figure that out push the 'SELF EJECT' button cuz 2018 is coming
And it will be a WIN for the Republicans!
And never, NEVER admit that you were wrong. Now you are a mindless party member. That way truth does not interfere with reality.
I didn't realize government work could be so complex. ;)
Gonna call u dummycrats the retweet my self party cause no one cares but we got to make a dilution that everyone does but really don't
Elizabeth is so smart. I hope she one day becomes President. Of the Hair Club for Men.
Or, you support the candidate that supports the corrupt banking system you have fought against your entire career. Hypocrite Much?

Study Spanish at @SanPedroSS the best place to learn!
Estudia español en @SanPedroSS el mejor lugar para aprender!
 
No one likes you
Boy, you have to learn pretty fast in that class, huh?
SENATOR IF THAT IS THE CASE ;WHY IS THE SENATE 50  / 50 SPLIT ON THESE VOTES ?ARE THEY NOT VOTING WITH THEIR CONSCIENCE?
Congrats to you for not giving in to bullying and untrue rhetoric. YOU are working for your constituents #AmericaISGreat
Exactly
@chelseahandler  you and senator Warren should just leave the USA for an empty island just the two of u., Make all ur own laws u want
Common sense unfortunately doesn't always prevail in DC
Somehow I'm not surprised you had to take a rudamentary course called "How to be a Senator 101" Please continue your education!
And in the case of the Democrats you support a bill without even ever reading it
You tell them, Pocahontas!
Which class is the one where you misrepresent yourself as a minority?
I like this lady
What did you learn in "how to be Native American 101?"
if it's that simple you're all way overcompensated
S a as
Universal Healthcare.
Savage  

And yet sadly more than most individuals taught after NCLB and the death of social studies ed.
If your constituents. ..
I learned how to LIE on my Harvard application from You, Pocohonas !
Curious does that also include lying to your Job about being an Indian ?
H2BAS101 seems almost like a bill
How would you vote about your own free healthcare Liz?
Seems so simple, and yet...
Say it again.  Obviously many of your colleagues cut class that day.
In all fairness, quite a few of them can't even stay awake through a hearing or even a speech. #TermLimits
Even if they are awake it doesn't help when they're tone deaf
was that learned in Indian Affairs 101 or did you learn that on the Reservation. You've lied for personal gain. Go away.
So whats the deal w/ @SenSanders voting against #RUSSIASanctions ?? Elizabeth, really, what does Russia have in him and @DrJillStein 
@sherylunderwood Congress gets free medical for  life, they don't give a crap if regular people have it or not. They don't care.
Even if they lie! U can keep your doctor!
You don't have a prayer in 2020.  So, just take it easy and enjoy the Senate's amenities.
And when it hurts Americans, self-involved Senators need to vote "no"! Americans are hurting with ACA! Vote them out!
Also if you pretend your Indian then I guess you are right @SenWarren
Unless you’re a Fauxcahontas.
Can we vote lines out of the Senate? If people were smart they would. A liar lies about everything. Here is a picture of one.
Apparently you didn't pass the prerequisites. #Pocahantas
So easy to be a Senator.
Even people who blatantly lie about their heritage figures out on how to work a light switch after a hundred or more tries.
The only bills that you ever sup[port is the ones the democrats submit.  So much "How to be a senator 101"  you democrats are Hypocrites
Whaddaya know? So basic!
Love you @SenWarren. You are an inspiration ma'am!
When do you learn how to tell the truth in Senate?
Also if you pass shit for the ppl ...Government officials MUST also have what they pass..with NO taxpayer help!
It would seem to be easy!!
Please run for president thanks
YES!  And JOHN MCCAIN must have learned that same lesson!  Thank You!
Also, here is YOUR 101 !!
You need mental help !!
Thank you for all you are doing for our country !
#Preach! #Teach #Resist
Wow! What a thought process 
So what happened on that single-payer bill?
I LOVE YOU
Hummmmmm
He is what Warren did not learn: do not LIE to gain advantage! Sign of a CROOKED feminist
How can one vote yes when they never even read the bill?! #ACA
Great and while you are gloating...people are still without healthcare and premiums are ridiculously high...keep up the good fight
#powertothepeople
Wake the hell up and go back to economics 101, public speaking: figure why so many enemies in the world want to dominate over you:
You tell em, girl!
Sanders/Warren 2020
Seems like there are about 40 or so Republicans who skipped that class.
YES QUEEN
Unless a bill has multiple agendas that you don't agree with
Absolutely correct
Thank you Sen. Warren. Together with Bernie you can http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
#mass voters are The losers #obamacare failing stuck w/insure that no Doctor office takes. WHAT NOW @SenWarren DO U WANT TO CELEBRATE THAT 2
I thought you were supposed to be working for the people not yourself ?? YOU USE #OBAMACARE if u think it's so wonderful!!
Hum, are you sure?  Any way you could pass that information on to the Republicans? 
A Senator is voted by the people to represent the peoples will. That is representative republic 101 taxation is theft.
Leadership 101, FIND A SOLUTION! Just saying no is not ok!

Where do they teach: If you're Native American, you can take advantage of affirmative action for Native Americans. If you're not, you don't.
Or be a dem shit and obstruct which dems. are good at. I cant believe I was once a registered  Democrat . Bad judgment!!
Thank You......very simple!
I suggest u retake Senator 101, when you can't work with others , (as u do) then u need the book (how to win friends and influence people)
You need to consider retiring. You are a non participator in reality.
That's about your level of expertise Senator. Seems the only thing you support is your self serving political asperations...
You support your party, is what you should do! If not you change parties, not cause a conundrum!
Did they also teach: spend your time doing book tours and railing against the administration? What have you done for Mass? Nothing.
how many more will kill themselves over Obamacare, as this is on you and all the Dems and corrupt GOP ->
Obamacare casualties - Mother and father jump to their deaths 'because they can't afford health care
#obamacare 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4739512/Couple-commit-suicide-health-care-costs.html …
seems reasonable. 
so, @ToddYoungIN are you listening?
How can you in all honesty speak in favor of a one payor system? Gov. You know cannot run anything efficiently. So gov. Decides if I die or
Stop it.If your party, lobbyists or #DeepState tells you to vote yes - you vote yes. If directed to vote no you vote no. Fixed it for you 
That's simple enough
Is that wat U spent Ur 1st years in the Senate doing? Lerning that lesson #Fauxchohontas Or were U just staring in the mirror all that time?
Rather, if the people you represent support a bill you vote yes. If it hurts them you vote no :)
Are you appealing to your mindless Demorats
Oh I get it. My party votes no means I vote no. That's a good thing. That means I do not have read it and actually work
Unless it benefits your political future, apparently
"We must pass this bill so we can find out what's in it." Nancy Pelosi
Is that how it works? Not in our Founders America.
What you should be learning is:
That you work for ALL the people in your state, not just the poor & elected to be poor!
How to be a Senator 101 is will your vote be Constitutional? If not get out of the class.
And if you support the Clinton Mafia you vote yes!
Keep it simple spiritually
Idiot!
Ok
Help us.
Today I finally got the chance to quote President Trump on the Senate floor on how Australia's health care system is better than ours. 
Thank you for voting no
Wow, what a profound statement. Also the sky is blue !
You must have missed that class. Sorry to burst you high opinion of yourself 
Please run for president. Please run for president. Please run for president. Please run for president. Please run for president.
And if you're an American Indian your enrolled in a Tribe and if you're not Pocahontas, don't claim to be an Indian. That's Lying 101.
13 follower troll.. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Your baseless comments are indicative of your ignorance
"Get elected, spend rest of time trying to get re-elected" is what you meant to say .. every senator, including yourself, does this
Wait, wait, slow down. I'm going to go get a pen...

We NEED more people like you. Now.... if you could do us a 'small' favor and run in 2020. Please and thanks! ;)
That is what I teach my students!
Are you going to charge us $400,000 to take Senator 101 or this one free?
Greg the ignorance talking point is 350k to teach one. Class.. You are not even smart enough to troll., nice try though.
Too bad some just hold their nose and vote the way they're told. Or vote in order to get something else that they want.
Thank god.  Now everyone crosses the aisle, and work together for America.
#DUH!
So you'll be saying "yes" to Bernie's single payer healthcare legislation, right?
Prayers to all those people who can't afford Obama Care and are living with no health insurance.
You voted NO to AUDIT THE FED! $9 TRILLION! You don't want us to know where it all went. SHAME ON YOU...Shame on your vote. Part of swamp!
Back under your rock 15 follower troll
Didn't they watch Schoolhouse Rock?
Could you please hold a seminar teaching that to the GOP?
Sounds like you're WAY OVERPAID @Theproblemshow
Yes and not to lie to the people in hopes they wont remember
Bob Schiefer CBS says, "My wife suggests women of Senate get together and write a healthcare bill."
You forgot the part about blatantly lying to the constituents who elected you.  But I'm sure you don't care about that.
Thank you Sen. Warren. 26 y/o law student at BC who needs insurance till I get out. O-Care is actually really damn helpful.
@Honeybee0808195 #thankyouSenWarren
Does it also say resist. U guys have brought nothing to the table. The reason u lost 1000 seats nationwide. Good job working for America
If you want to be an Indian just say you're an Indian if you're not Just say your not.
If you don't know. Ask somebody. Most of those Repugs didn't have a clue what they were voting for. If you are scared grow at least one ball
Only sad thing about Senator McCain's valiant vote is that he probably saved @GOP from some of what is going to happen to them in 2018.
Wow...is this a parody account?
YEAH JUST LIE ,CHEAT,STEAL UNTIL YOU WIN THATS FAKE WARRENS RULES AND A LIAR FROM HELL AND THATS WHERE THE DEVIL LIVES
Why did you vote "Present" then???  Pokeyhauntus lies again! !!!
And when u pass a bill to find out whats in it.. comical...
Smarter Senators have prevailed!
Not really, your job is to investigate what is better for the MAJORITY of the American people and vote accordingly...

Senator 102: you work for the people of your state. Not the President, not the majority leader, and damn sure not the donors.
Peyote-fueled Native American wisdom!
You so smaht, Senator!
