Both. So why isn't anyone doing somethi g to stop this?
Warren wants to put sanctions on Russia based on LIES to secure oil in the US/new Cold War w/ Russia. This has been planned for awhile.
Which is why part of the reason the phony collusion story was started. They freaked out when Trump said he wanted to work w/ Russia.
Republicans are part of the collusion
Stop.
You Democrats need to get a grip and work with Donald Trump or he should fire all of you
POTUS does not have the authority to fire an elected person. Do hope the Dem's work w Trump more than the GOP worked w Obama.
With orders from two others
The "Kremlin" quip is a lie, Ms. Warren. But then again, you've always made the most of fake narratives to woo your constituents.
You are merely a #rabiddogs and your statements show your ignorance - propaganda, exaggerations and lies..you shame America
Pulling out the flag card doesn't make you a patriot...opposing our current Administration's unconscionable actions on this front does.
Isn't that what Iyawatha Warren and the rest of the Dems are doing! Dems are Hypocrites
No...they are the patriots here.  I guess you missed my meaning. 
dems are far bigger sellouts to globalists then the republicans. So if you think they r the lesser of 2 evils think again.
Says the person who has obstructed every cabinet nomination- you are just hurting the America-Oh and you voted against all nominees to boot.
LOL Democrats are in the minority in the Senate and can't filibuster nominations! They aren't obstructing anything.
You may want to read a little before you tweet. This has been in the news in many places.
You would have some credibility if you stopped reading GOP talking points; they are written for people like you and are called"fake news!"
How many of the Democrats support soldiers hurting children molesting them on us soil apparently Elizabeth Warren does that is no joke
Where is everyone?  Empty house.
Many republicans received money for Russians for their elections! They r paid whores!
they give prostitution a bad name. at least actual sex workers are frank and honest about what they do.
Nut jobs everyone of you people,start working for your constituents and quit playing all your stupid games! We are getting really sick of it
#FakeNews IGNORANT DEMOCRATS.... SINKING FAST

#FakeNews LIBERALS HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO DO CAUSE THEY HAVE NO MESSAGE
The truth about the republicans has been revealed-they're unamerican traitorous asshats drunk with power!
I think they are drunk on all the dark money they receive.
Yes, the "dark money." Obama used that lie to encourage Dem sympathizer Lois Lerner to break federal law. Of course, she pleaded the 5th.
Then why are you all blocking any investigation into voter fraud at all levels including the States?  u say one thing & do the other.
Because it's not an investigation into voter fraud...it's an attempt at voter suppression.
Two sides of the same coin... nice spin though.  Don't act like you know.

Eloquent...ROFL
Thought you'd like it.
Once again Lizzie, I challenge you to back up your statement.  Prove to us that Trump has "buddies" in the Kremlin.  Come on, you can do it
I am glad you are so passionate.
why don't you tell us how Kennedy wrote to the Russians to try to interfere with Ronald Reagan's election in 1984!
Not familiar with the whole story there, but does that make what is happening now right??? I think not.  Just another attempt to distract.
It makes the Democrats Hypocrites, not to mention guilty of what they are complaining about and fighting against
what's good for the goose is good for the gander!
You sound seriously misinformed.
This is why we need more WOMEN in office. The only voices of REASON these days.
Elizabeth Warren get over it with the Russian concussion
Please. You have government health care. See a psychiatrist. You need antipsychotics.
@HouseGOP
Hillary & Obama already did that! Dems are hypocrites!
Utter nonsense -- nice trolling though
Bills bj and benghazi always find their way to blame too..  
I would say Trump, but maybe both.
i want to know how the mercers and the billionaire backed extremist evangelical leaders are all tied into this...and they are involved
They are all disgusting

petal you are a laugh riot hun...and i thank you...america first photo while you stickup for russian interference..bless ur  lil dolt mind

petal stop while you can...you are making a fool of yourself...you have nothing of substance.. at least try this hun

Love this.
How's #WallStreet reform going, Elizabeth? #GlassSteagall #TBTF banks
Don't you get it yet Elizabeth that you're one of the jokes in Washington right now why don't you just keep quiet you're better off
FOLLOW THE MONEY!!!!!
GOP are putting Republican Party over country and what's best for Americans
The Democratic Party has done that for years!
WRONG! 
Btw how much do you get paid for being a russian bot?
Who's the Russian bot?! YOU! Besides useless tweets that don't sound like you're anything but missing brain cells-I'm all USA&make sense
Is this all u do all day tweet 
Try workin for all the people.
This is spinning into a silent tumultuous storm
Who are YOU protecting? Hillary and her goons at the DNC!!

He is only on his side! No respect for USA
Ms Warren, you need to investigate the Ukrainian Collusion, the Uranium One Deal, and the Steele Dossier!!! I smell a lot of Criminals!!!
#InvokeThe25thAmendment
Russia and Trump. Subpoena Trump's tax returns!
Your narrative is wearing thin Feauxcahontas!
The Cold War is over. Has been for quite some time. Why is it a bunch of decrepit Senators can't figure this out?
Imagine getting barred from a store that you never shop at...  it wouldn't affect you, would it?
Russia will just do business with our enemies.  Sanctions from us will do very little to a country that does little trading with us.
Putin.
Shes Just hurting america.  go trump
Sanctions with 0 evidence provided of hacking other than the corrupt Obama FBI and CIA.

NSA only has moderate confidence in Russia hacking.
Are you ever positive? How in the hell did you ever get elected?

You&all liberals care ONLY about your political career and lining your pockets with MY tax $ I bet you couldn't even name any Red States
Obama and Hillary said a video caused Benghazi. 4 Americans dead. They did nothing.
Protecting their wallets.
O-Elizabeth U know better It's hrc sell  r #Uranium & 500,000 speeches in Russia O @USAGSessions Pl open hearing on https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/886283456644251652 …
Your buddy Clinton was the one who sold uranium to Russia.  By the way, where were you on DAPL?
I do not believe the GOP could buy better advertising than your continual dishonesty. Great that MOST Americans see through your lies.
He is protecting us from your stupidity liz.
Senator Warren. You are a liar and a conspirasist. Why don't you start talking about all of his acomplishments?? Why? He has done so much.
Your nasty comment shows your alt left liberal view. Withoutyour dems playbook your speechless.
isn't it amazing that @POTUS & his buddies continue to kick your political ass over and over.

You yell a lot, but that's about all you do
Have you considered that Trump beat other more highly qualified candidates because the Russians may have hacked the vote totals for him?
Funny how the FAKE media doesn't run the democrats and their ties to Russia's reps and stocks.
Mrs Warren, who do you protect?  You say the American people! But really, if you can keep them government dependent you get votes.Bad Warren

 BOOM! Kid Rock Makes It Official! Will Challenge Democrat Debbie Stabenow for Senate in 2018 http://waynedupree.com/kid-rock-makes-it-official-will-challenge-democrat-debbie-stabenow-for-senate-in-2018/ … #covfefe #maga
Why don't you take an extended vacation so congress can do the work of the people not your agenda.

http://kidrockforsenate.com  
Did that guy next to you just die from your idiocy.
?u
In short — their OWN asses (as no doubt they also are owned by Russian thugs, thx largely to Citizens United).  Rabbit hole runs DEEP.
SenWarren: Any Chance "Jeff Sessions " was in Meeting at TRUMP Tower ?? He was a Senator then! BTW : Trump was More than aware about Meeting
...says the Senator who voted to confirm Betsy DeVos.
Grab some bench, Liz.
in fact Obama was STILL trying to get that syrian deal worked out with Russia on the eve of eleciton. Is Obama putins butt buddy?
u seemed perfectly ok cozying up to russia for 7+  years of the Obama russian reset, yes?
Republicans in House & Senate are compromised - Russia's bought them.   Look at @funder for research
Good gawd almighty, will this woman just shut up.
Warren, stop beating a dead horse! Try something new!
Trump needs to be impeached and removed from office.
We just Can't have ANY country - especially a red one, slowly take over our land. Shit... we're having our FreeDoms taken enough Already!!!!
(YES ALL CAPS).  IM NOT SURE HOW SOME AMERICANS CANT C THIS IS AGAINST THE USA AND HER VALUES!!!
Just suggests these House Repubs are compromised themselves! What are they hiding?
Both/all of the above. Plus themselves.
'I learned it from watching you!'
Her war chief gave her the talking points.
Neither.  They are just keeping you busy going in mental circles for the rest of his term.  Feel good?
"His buddies in the Kremlin" get the fuck over it, Trump is our President for the next 4 yrs; and the way you're acting, it'll be 8. 
Great that we have 2 war parties now. Democrats are now neocons plus free health care.Without the incriminating emails, what good is a leak?
Why are you ginning up hostilities?  Are U getting a kick-back from the arms industry?  What, besides your DNA, R U hiding? #WarMongerWarren
A little from column A...a little from column B.
Ali hourly
We're all sick of the Kremlin stuff - GET TO WORK!
Gotta wonder if RNC was hacked like they initially said then retracted...
Dumb statement 
No one in Washington protects the individual. To them, they are sacrificial fodder to the machinations of the all powerful State. Disgusting
Sanctions do have an effect, both financially and politically. #Putin is afraid of #Democracy. He needs power & control over his people.
Both.
I think so, Abigail; Peace and much love; God bless, Andy :-)
You are such bad losers and hurt the American public
Excuses excuses.
VOTE KID ROCK SO WE DON'T HAVE TO LISTEN TO THE CRAZY LIBERALS

They're stalling because like you, they hate doing what's right for the American citizens.  How much have insurance & big pharma paid you?
Thx you for pressing the truth - if they don't pass it, they're complicit. Period. #ShePersisted
Both
I didn't know Merck, Eli Lilly, Pfizer and the rest of Big Pharma were part of the Kremlin now.
The repukikans are scared that are not going to be there for their elections coming up! It's why!  Keep it up!  We need medicare for all!
Oh, it's going to happen.  Too much $$$ at stake for super rich!
Too complicated, warren.... the American majority of people who get up every day and make this country go round
George W. Bush's neocon buddies have returned to their original home in the Dem Party.
Keep pushing the Russian narrative! We r not buying what you're selling!

Stupid McCarthyite nonsense.
What a stupid statement from a Harvard teachers aide.
I just wish Elizabeth Warren would should her big fucking loud mouth up all she and the democrats are doing is causing problems
@SenWarren thank you for all your hard work and stepping up to @realDonaldTrump to get something done !! Thank you !!! 
Hope she loses worse than Hillary did when she runs against Kid Rock.
Whatever it takes, EW. Just make it stop.
Both.
Unlike anything you or any democrat has to offer anyone from this country that works for a living.
You and other liberals, dems like you are WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS COUNTRY.  Trump loves this country, and its people.
no collusion-irresponsible of you (dems) to continue this rhetoric-just do YOUR job -pass healthcare-dems are ruining this country
The pseudo-progressive Great Female Hope displays the required dangerous and absurdly nonsensical belligerence toward Russia.
They're not trying to help trump. They're just doing what politicians do best!  Waste tax payer money. Clean the whole swamp!!!

You know that Germany& Austria have asked for these sanctions to be dropped. Shame on you Senator, y'all just warmongers.
They're protecting their income from the Russian ATM - Putin.
We need to do something your right, before the next time take action now
You're not native American
You're a walking talking weather vane. Any way the wind blows, you'll find Liz there.
Has she ever been anti-Russia-sanctions, especially in the last year?
No she's been part of the neo-con consensus for some time. I'll give you that she's been consistently bad on this. Still sucks though.
At yes, in Soviet Amerika, being pro-Russia is good! :P
Anything that makes nuclear war less likely is good. Obama's Iran deal, detente with Russia, talks with North Korea, not saber rattling.
So when Russia says "let us invade Georgia and Ukraine or else we will be very upset," US is supposed to be like "ok boss lol"?
If Russia is threatening nukes over this, they're the ones whose elections need to be hacked. By all peace-loving people everywhere.
At this point seems like Russia is running the administration
White doesn't make you right or a patriot. RUSSIA HAS NO BUSINESS IN CHARGE
From the south bronx , keep up ur good work ...and bless ur heart little lady ..lol
The bill that has to pass is the one which outlaws covert actions the public will not support. Such actions should remove all such players.
Both keep following the money and DIRTY pictures you will find them ALL
#ArtoftheDeal #Trump promised #Putin to lift #Sanctions in exchange help in #elections plus % in 500billion #Exxon #Rosnef Arctic oil drill
@HouseGOP
Even with NO proof, you're STILL pushing the Russian agenda?!
Didn't Obama make fun of Romney because of Russia? He said they were nothing to worry about and for once I agree.
You are AWSOME love you so muchfrom Toronto
Very bizarre comment.
With all you Hillary losers with your fake news buddies in tow, do you seriously need Russia to destroy our President destroy our Country?
Thank you senator for your hard work to keep us safe. Keep fighting!

ok Pocohantas you got a lot of room to talk
Democrat's=Neocons & endless wars... 
Best thing I ever did was #DemExit 
Ryan shut this talk down very abruptly, and swore everyone to secrecy. These days, we have to think the unthinkable
You're a joke.
Krelin buds of course. GOP are collectively TREASONOUS they don't work for this country anymore prove me wrong GOP start wiring for US

Pocahontas are you saying Russia is are #1 geopolitical enemy? Your living in the Cold War era . Deja vu! Mitt was right
Both.

Why do you support neoliberal/neocon war mongering if you are "progressive"?

Progressives should oppose sanctions on principle.
Make Warren Teach Again!!!

#DiehlForSenate
BOTH!
While you protect the terrorists in Egypt killing innocent Western women. Where is the outrage? Investigate the disappearance of Laura!
Lol. You will stop at nothing to get YOUR way.....and foist it upon every American. You Dems have become slaves to your own BS.
Nobody cares about Russia. Why do you continue to protect the Egyptian gov? Two more innocent women murdered. You refused to find Laura.
Really ?
You would think a lawyer would know the answer before he asked the question???
Whether you agree with her or not, most Americans have to be asking the same question???
I honestly believe that they are afraid of the hacked emails Russia obtained from RNC but didn't leak. Hopefully Mueller will subpoena them
=> The answer:  YES
Why would you make a statement like that, without any proof of such an accusation, drop the abhorrence & stick to the proofs.
Russia Russia Russia.. Its like the cold war all over again
Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to disAPPitchfork everybody you meet.
Nominations from an illegitimate POTUS shouldn't move forward..
BOTH!
Fake news
The Republican Party and their big businesses have always been handmaidens of the special interests this shouldn't surprise us.
Thanks, @SenWarren for being a loyal and patriotic American!
@GOP @realDonaldTrump #traitortrump is #putinspuppet #GOPRussia
