The investigation is fake phony & fraudulent just like YOU. Geoff Diehl Is coming for your seat, you've done NOTHING for the people of Mass.
Biggest mistake Trump ever made. He is not very bright. Go back home to NY.
They're not fooling anyone. We know exactly why they fired Comey.
Yep, he's untrustworthy and leaked like a sieve. Obama holdover that you folks didn't like btw that should have been canned 1/20.
Okay, Pocahontas, whatever you say.
And the Dems wanted him fired during the election. So what are you complaining about ?
Senator Warren- please demand Sessions resign. 
Thank you.
With all the things he can't recall, Sessions better hope they don't cut Alzheimer's funding in AHCA
Bwah,hahahahahahahaha! Actually, funnier than that.
Go away. @va_shiva is going to defeat you.
@Spone63 Your facts are wrong again.  Head stuck in a teepee?
You numb nuts just want to thwart the will of the people, you are a much worse enemy of our democracy than is Russia. Deplorable are you!!!
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions the III violated his recusal. Plain and simple.
Maybe Comey was fired because he was too tall?  6' 8" can really strain your neck!  Guess what, that is the President's prerogative.
True. What's your point. You backed Hillary even though you knew she was a lier.
Pocahontas, go home squaw!
You don't understand the details of the ongoing investigation which has reached point where the President can outright legally cancel it!
The Russian Investigation is led by the dAG not Comey! Why no investigation of Obama directing NSA to spy on 34,000 Trump supporters, etc.?
I'm sure you're calling for recusal in the Comey-Mueller association.
Comey is lazy
Wish you folks would make up your mind about Comey, wasn't to long ago you despised the man. Make up your mind, your bias is showing.
Number one law enforcer blatantly breaking the rules
Mrs Warren. That's what the boss does. Very much like we will do to the rest of Dems in 2018, 2020. Quit telling stories and get to work.
Your rhetoric against @POTUS and the right directly contributes to the violence we are seeing this morning directed at Rep Scalise. Stop it!
Lady, you're a broken record!!
The American people do not need you telling us how to interpret the real news.
There is no collision!! OMG they have said it over and over. 
Podesta and Clinton have more connections with Russia.....no investigations??
More FAKE NEWS -- Comey testified his discussions with @POTUS did nothing to alter RUS investigations AND @POTUS was not under investigation
Did you listen to his testimony?
You mean the Russian Fairytale
You & other whining dems keep your mouths shut.  Let POTUSA do the job he was legally elected to do.  Others of sitent majority very upset!
Senility is a hallmark of proud GOP leadership. He never claimed to be "educated". And boy  it shows.
Damn you don't listen to anything. He said he's still the head of all justice department's.
Lock him up!
hey he sounded just like bill clinton
Ur all to blame 4 today!America knows it!U created a murder fest today with Ur constant Hate retoric!How's Ur"RESISTANCE"movement going?!
Explain to Americans without jobs in the fly over states why we should care... we don't 
Pocahantas, the type species, for Americanism should boss the ruskies investigation.
Right, had to do with Clinton scandal and how he handled it!  Nice try though and how's that Harvard application doing the 1 U lied on
Yes, at your mere suggestion he WILL most certainly resign; what planet do you live on?  #Proof #Facts #Evidence Catch a few!
Yes, because the swamp needs draining
Please rescue our democracy.
You are an insane lying fraud.
You are despicable. If you want to be pres you might want to show some leadership character
.@SenWarren Comey was head of the FBI, not merely ONE investigation.  Are you trying to deceive the public?  Of course you are!
I worry constantly for our country's future!
See, that's the CROOKED @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP definition of recusal
Is Jim Comey only in charge of the Russia investigation only or he's in charge of the whole FBI? If the later is true, he was fired for that
You and Kamala Harris need to simmer down.
how does recusal work?  A specific word?  A specific time? Certain days of the week?
You do know that Comey admitted there was no investigation, right? Idiot. Pocahontas is at it again.

And somehow, after recusing himself because he'd been caught lying about meeting Russians, he now testifies that he didn't meet with them.
Still spending millions of tax dollars on russia what a shame
You are my heroine Elizabeth
When your social media team, under your direction, releases this nonsense, the few voters who pay attention realize your manipulations.
Sessions was like a deer in the headlights of @SenKamalaHarris she exposed the admin 4 what they R liers. sessions could not recall 28 times
Any chance you are really Bernie Sanders in a wig?
Comey the FBI person that leaked information on purpose. Comey said it. He covered up for Hillary. He should have been fired day 1.
Comey was leading FBI - and doing a bad job of it ! Leading Russia investigation that had NO connection to Trump doesnt make sense ? STUPID!
.Time for Sessions to go. Like Don the Con he is not fit for office.
sessions is in the pocket with Trump of the Russians. They want to overthrow our government
Love, hate relations with Comey? What day if the month is it so we know if it's love or hate today.
You must have took your training in rhetoric from a Nazi playbook
such integrity in the WH.
Comey is a liar & leaker of documents & you find fault with Sessions. Baffling. 

Shout out for criminal charges against Comey.
He was recused from investigating Russia. Not managing his personnel dumb broad.
WHAT WHAT WHY WHY???? Your statement is nonsense!! Are you trying to make yourself relevant at the expense of the American people? Sick sick
Can you be fired ? Lord I hope so !!  #what a dream !!!
I Noticed @jeffsessions can't keep his lies straight! #SessionsHearing #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
President felt comey was not doing his job proved that he leaked secrets to the  Whitehouse
GOOOOOOO GEOFF!
HYPOCRITE that's how much u know ? Sessions was doing his job something  obviously your not doing. Instead U spend whole day on witch hunt!
He was the FBI director. He was not "leading" the Russia investigation. Directors are not actual investigators. You're such a fraud.
Hypocritical politician railed against Comey & Americans realized he was too inconsistent with law & justice while losing the people's trust
Why is it not being pointed out EVERY DAY that the Trump campaign KNEW Russia was attacking us and SIMULTANEOUSLY offered to drop sanctions?
Senator Warren, give up the ghost.  You radical liberals have lost your way in the storm.  Term limits will be your demise.
How is that an acceptable act to fire Comey while on his recusal ?
Question: What's the specific reason for Comey's dismissal other than wanting a "fresh start?"
He'll be coming your way Chief.
Potus is not under investigation ! Lie some more !
Comey ran FBI NOT THE INVESTIGATION
No worries dizzy lizzy, ur turn to be investigated will come soon enough. #DrainTheDeepState
You wanted #JamesComey fired you are such a liar & hypocrite
All they did was shoot themselves in the foot by doing so.
woah
that sounds really unethical...
Why did no one asked him in his role he was presented with a case where the 4 defendants all "forgot" the same meeting he would believe it?
I just cannot imagine how much more we, as a nation, can take of this humiliation.This should greatly concern both sides of the floor.
Leading...you mean Leaking
Can we stop with the Russia nonsense and go to work to do what those in government are elected to do!
you all need to do something. Trump is setting up to take power. He will not give up white house. You fools can't see it
He needs to resign
What a dumb bunny.
Senator Warren I hope you and the rest of the Democrats can get to the bottom of all this
Need Comey fired for not doing job when Lynch used collusion to protect Clinton. Open Special Investigation w/o Mueller.
See your doctor about that verbal diarrhea you suffer from
Because theyre all crooked! Where are the checks and balances? Dont exist it seems. Do something!
Comey was not personally doing the investigation. Stop embarrassing yourself.
Listened to Sessions do best imitation of Trump ,bragging about honorable career service!? Isaw very little that was honorable in testimony
Totally within his rights and duties as AG and Comeys firing would not affect the continuing investigation any.
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
No Russian Collusion whatsoever but plenty of questionable actions from Lynch and O admin....why aren't you hysterical  over that?
He's still in charge
What a weasel he is!
When are U going to talk about that "matter"?How about @AGLynch no recusing herself after the tarmac rendezvous #SessionsHearing
All the Kings men yep, King salamander of Saudi Arabia is in Panama papers and karim wale has info on him too. They are fighting a war,look!
Just stop. You're sounding desperate again.
Karim wale released from Senegal prison now in Qatar has info that will link trump to Panama papers. Look at Panama papers map. TRUMP URUGAY
Panama papers is the investigation once lead by preet bharara.the guy who trumps lawyer said " this guy is going to get you." They have case
DOJ & FBI do more than this inv.  I know it consumes u faux a crats.
@SenWarren in case you missed the testimony from James Comey himself. The #FBI investigations are on going regardless of who is the Director
@KenDiesel Women belong in the wigwam... smh
It's all in the Panama papers. Trumps rift with Germany,the German media has the Panama papers and are looking hard at them.Qatar,karim wale
Um, that's kinda his job. You know, advising the president being one of them
Sessions is dirty Charge him
Enough with the Hear ye, Hear ye. What are you going to DO about this effin' mess?
But he lied under oath and said it was bc of Clinton investigation so he thinks it's still ok.
Please move on and start working on health care.  No reason you guys can't make that happen.
Keep up the good work: only the purposely ignorant are being fooled by Sessions.
Time for Jeff Sessions to be charged with perjury
Why?
So what r the dems going to do about it, I'm sick of this phony outrage, time to start playing the game like the GOP, get nasty! #impeach
And?
I am disgusted by Trump and the people around  him. I can not even look at his face or hear his voice. It is the darkest time in my 60 years
Only answer is to vote the republicans out in 2018. No other path will work
Wow, you're a real legal eagle, aren't you Pocohontus?
Thank you Sen. Many of us here in patriot twitter have thought his actions from bizarre to suspect.
Go and do something useful.  All you do is talk with no significant results.  Work on the opioids problem in MA.
So? He is AG.
Maybe because dumbo there is no Russia conspiracy. Take a dirt nap!
you Lizzie
The one you still have no evidence for?
Which has proven to be a wise recommendation.
So?That doesn't make him guilty. As he said. There are many investigations at FBI. Russia is not the reason - 6mo ago you wanted Comey fired
Nevertheless he colluded
Huh?!?
What is wrong with you Warren?
The pres fired him b/c  he played both sides. Everyone wanted him gone, even the dems. U r saying this b/c u have no evidence 4 your claims
BECAUSE of how he handled Hillary's investigation..ie. "matter" Nothing Russia related.
Hell, you or Hillary would have fire the SOB too.
Not a recusal.
He meddles in an investigation to skew the findings, not because he's in "collusion" with Putin, but b/c he is a shill for corporations.
AG specifically testified that his recommendation was in no way based on Comey's handling of Russia, but his overall leadership of FBI
People seem to think that recusal from one investigation means Comey was immune from any sort of discipline from his boss, AG Sessions.
Sessions testified that he an Rosenstein had discussed Comey's firing even before they were confirmed.  Ultimately decision made by POTUS.
The People of the United States of America are sick & tired of our wasted tax $ being spent on liberal/msm created lies against our potus!
Yup, Yup, YUPPER!
If none of the Rs turn, the Republic is doomed.  Even if they impeach and it got to the Senate, R pussies would never convict. Ergo, doomed.
Lizzy, Comey was leading the @FBI not the Russia investigation. Sessions explained this in detail. Pay attention!
He recommended his firing based on his job performance thus far.
Anyone who would withold from the American people the FACT that President Trump was not under investigation deserved to be fired!
I thought that was explained. That can't say it was not in case he later became part of the investigstion.
James Comey said that Trump was never under investigation.
Correct, but he also stated he was not going to announce it in case later he became part of the investigation.
I find that ridiculous. I am not going to tell the people the one thing that really matters just in case something comes up later? Absurd
Comey: I can't tell you the temperature right now because it may change later today.
That would be a true assessment as the weather changes hourly.
I think you all know why Comey was fired. The Dems were the first to recommend it.
But he didn't know nothing about no Russia investigation! I believe that's what he claimed, at least.
Because Comey still answered to Sessions and deserved to be fired.
@SenWarren the hackers are changing your posts. it appears.
I demand that Obamas daily meetings and all his records be investigated now.  To see what he knew and when he knew it.
Too bad Sessions didn't stay in the Oval with Trump and Comey while they talked about Russia.
Everyone knows that firing Comey does nothing to limit the Russia investigation. He was never a one man band. Lets not be so ignorant.
Was that forgotten in the same folder as Pence's private email server?
And exactly how does that mean recused? Seems the opposite of recused to me!
You probably won't understand this b/c you've never been a Head of a Dept, AG Sessions has Admin Control of the DOJ. Inc. all Hiring/Firing!
You libs lost again today. Winning!
Moral of the story: The Russia investigation is a waste of time and money. Merely anti-Trump propaganda. #SessionsHearing #JeffSessions
Sessions reeks of guilt.
Did you notice how civil he was to GOP and hostile towards DNC?
No Senator Warren it was about the e-mails.  The Republicans are so upset about the handling of Hillary's emails.  Give us all a break!

And if Sessions recused himself about campaign matters, he cant have recommended Comey's firing because Comey affected Clinton's campaign.
When you steal a quarter you say we lost it, when I vote one way and it comes back different, it was stolen. @GOP steals
@jeffsessions you insisted it wasn't wrong? It was & you said "I don't recall" so often, it was like watching the Iran-Contra hearings.
Let me put this in terms you can understand Dems lost and Russia had nothing to do with it.  Time to MoveOn
Riddle: when is a recusal not a recusal?
Ikr
So now that we all could see Comey is told the truth and that Session is a terrible liar, when do we start seeing arrest?

Session on FOX news praised COMEY conduct on HRC emails, now claims HRC emails handling was appropriate & COMEY was fired for? Confusing.
If only trump could resurrect kardashian to staff his dream defense team!!!!! #POTUSTrump
