Then, all Democrats MUST NOT vote for her. She's an abomination to education.
wow listening to pocahontas some brain you got

and what did the russians do that influenced the election this cracks me up
you means bedides hacking bth partied...fake news...giving money to Trump to keep his business afloat...
none of that happened. The 80s called u don't remember obama saying that why now the sudden toughness
yes it happened...Trump admitted twice he makes billions in Russia...FACT,Eric T also admitted it !
No on DeVos. No on Tillerson. We'll follow if you'll lead.
lol blind leading the blind this is awesome watching the left implode.
Hahahahaha. You are SO funny. Seriously, you ever think about stand-up? What a really clever tweet. My side hurts.
I'm glad I can be of service keep sucking up to pocahontas I think your nose is getting browner maybe your Indian to
unnecessary.
ok
Why R U working against hard working minority families trying 2 get their children OUT of public schools to get a good education?
public schools are why hard working people can afford to educate their children. ever looked at private tuition?
there is a difference between improving them and giving them up to private interests.
Glenda, you Ed deny a black single mother' right 2 get her child good educ she chooses rather than waiting for reform?
all you are doing is funnelling money into private schools under the guise of choice.  And robbing poor people.
Repugs blocked all of Obamas appointees, Dems should stick together, do the same to tRump
they blocked none moron they blocked a late supreme Court nominee like any party would do so close to an election
Hey, just checked your IP and your posting from Moscow, Cool!
I checked your IP address and your posting from Norlisk, they must not like you much!
 Warren is a traitor.
Several seniors at @BCLA_Boston are more qualified than DeVos to serve as Secretary of Education.
She needs to stop them from hiring prof for400k for1 class oh wait that prof was you.
So what exactly is the reason you voted for Ben Carson?
you cheated students by taking that scholarship
please please make sure all Democrats don't vote for her.......makes it sweeter when the Republicans push her through. 
I hope you can run for president in three years.
Stop posting from Russia.
Don't you mean to being a cop? English 101 Senator Warren.
She can't help it.  Crappy schools on the Reservation.  Whoop Whoop whoop #Nastywomenlose
WHY CAN'T #LIBERALS STOP THE Violence?
"to being" maybe you should learn grammar before commenting on another's qualifications RE education #fauxcahontas
...and pay exorbitant saleries to Fake Indians Whoop Whoop Whoop #Nastywomenlose
Put words in peoples mouths and skew it.  Sure Liz...
You lied for college grant said you were Indian return the money you thief,
No doubt @BetsyDeVos is too polite to comment on your grammatically incorrect statement of "be" instead of "being". Oh the irony.
school choice is going to happen, regardless of what you pontificate.
This COMING from a LIAR and a cheat....you ripped off the tax payers for a free education and you want to talk ethics honesty????
You people screwed up the education system..she is trying to fix your screw ups..you cheated the system by lying about U being In
first of all ..she's not applying for a cop job ..so she doesn't have to be a cop..and YOU should know about cheating the system!
If you collect a salary, you are as 'for-profit' as those colleges.
are you willing to be a cop against 'sanctuary cities' that break the law and cheat the American tax payer.
I can't actually believe you have ANYTHING to do with education considering your corrupt reputation with it! i.e. Lies lies etc
how is your $1.3 million line of credit?? HYPOCRITE!! #fauxahantas 
Keep up the great job ! Fight them all ! All of his nominees are dangerous !
WHO WENT TO COLLEGE PROCLAIMING TO BE INDIAN LOL
is there be any democRATS that dont lie about everythin'. That party is a party of frauds!!!
of course @BetsyDeVos won't commit, she accepted a job from an education scammer @realDonaldTrump. Her credibility sucks! #Resist
What do YOU care about the law and cheating, you fake Indian? Your hypocrisy is stunning. You have NO RIGHT to lecture others.
this for profit gets NO $ from govt.
yeah she's a shit head.
The proper grammar would be "to being" a cop.  And you are voting for the next Secretary of Education?
Obama didn't enforce laws so it must be ok
what does the Department of Education have to do with private colleges?
Grammar, much, Lizzie? Ah - you must be falling back into your Native American conjugations.   
@RealJamesWoods
.@SenWarren - a no vote for this and other reasons
please explain DONNA HYLTON speaking @ woman march?
there are far more lib colleges that refuse to even allow other opinions and have poisoned generations of minds with hate.
Wasn't it great for all those students whose money and years of studying was suddenly tossed in the garbage mid semester by Obama
where did you learn sentence structure?
Slick Lizzy spouts communism
maybe born in INDIA
I AGREE
Don't you cheat students by charging $400,000 for a class at Harvard?
She must not be confirmed.
so what do we do with people we have profound concerns about....

Please block her! She is so clueless!
You are a slave to the teachers union not student achievement. Shame!!!
typical Warren all complaints all the time
I enjoy seeing your tweets because all the responses are so negative towards you. You are an embarrassment.
and yet I'm sure a Democrat will vote yes. We need leadership and solidarity!
@necn @masslivenews @BostonGlobe Mass your candidate hates choice on school program her way only forget about American??? #2018!
This tweet is tacky-just like yr Liberal Leftist Activist Politics. Americans figured it out. You lost. Get over it & get real.
Are you a "cop on the beat" stopping Lib Left Professors from LYING to American students w/activist propaganda? #TeachFacts !!!
Are you a "cop on the beat" to STOP Lib Left Professors from indoctrinating American students as if they can't think 4themselves?
the government should have been doing this long ago. Today They can legally rip off our kids
crazy witch
She's on the take.
@RealJamesWoods Pocahantas, who r u to question anybody cheating students? U lied (Indian) to get somebody elses scholarship
STOP devos #noDevos
U should talk. No other Sen has cheated the system like you who lied about heritage to get advantage in system. UR so dishonest.
Not helping your Senate reelection numbers, Poco.
Betsy Devos is thinking like Trump. After all look at how he cheated all those people with Trump U and got away with it.
isn't that left to the AG's in the states? http://www.fox9.com/news/227091092-story …
What? Kinda like you're unwilling to acknowledge that refugees pose a nat'l security risk. OK,  #stupidisasstupiddoes, Senator...
Thank you so much for all you do. You are the peoples' hero, whether some of them know it or not. I am behind you in TN!
You're out of touch with 'fly over' America and you're a FRAUD! - you're one of those Looneys on the Left?!!??
why don't you let some refugees live with you?
are you still here ? YOU LOST   You don't realize this but you're a laughing stock.  Congratulations
or as the carpet muncher she really is
how's that undisclosed 1.3 million $ credit line??
liberal colleges PERSECUTE conservatives.
Beginning to understand why she may be wrong for the job. You can't expect someone to police themselves when they could lose $
start teaching classes for free. Ridiculous right? Well that's only way to have free. No gets paid! So donate your 2mil house
listen u fake Indian women who robbed Harvard. You taught classes for tons of money!Give the money back if you want FREE colleges
as the recipient of billions from their last Ponzi scheme I'm sure she's drooling over the $$ she can steal from students.
In a few weeks she'll be in and you'll be off to your next spotlight grabbing adventure.  Betsy will be fine and we all know it.
CHEAT STUDENTS??U CHEATED SCHOOLS & THE GOV OUT OF THOUSANDSx BY LYING ON APPLICATION SAYING UR NATIVE AMER INDIAN - UR NOT !!
to be rich before politics is capitalism. To be rich while in politics is corruption. Have you released your current tax?
Poka harness you've been cheating all your life. Cheated Leroy Clayton from entry into Harvard with your lies, depriving him....
<-You seem unhinged.
Mental Health in America is a complete failure & you are living proof Elizabeth. Please seek immediate help
glad to see that backbone is reappearing
well help us we've been fighting for months about I'll intentions with our fed loans to a for profit college.

Cheating students is what the teachers union, overbloated adminstrators and bureaucrats like you are expert at
Keep it up and you'll be the extinct for next elections .
You sound afraid.  Good.  I can promise you will never reach the highest office, Pocahontas!
prove it
What about being the cop on the beat for government colleges that cheat students, break the law, & waste tax $?
those colleges get federal grants for financial aid why wouldn't they keep raising tuition and book prices
That's rich coming from someone who lied on their application to get Native American federal funding. You are always uninformed.
*"to being" Fixed it for you. You're welcome.
Yes and you are a Native American too.
how dare she, i vote for free harvard education and admission  for everyone. Not just native americans!
You're the biggest left-wing kook! You and Hillary believe in killing babies up until nine months of pregnancy, sick, evil!
But it's okay to have all those liberal colleges, liberal professors and parents paying for that indoctrination? Crayons/Play-doh
so pursuance some of your Repubs to vote your way
They don't get federal funding, they are not under her jurisdiction.
She does have friends in high places!
by cheating do you mean lying about your heritage for financial gain?
Send her to Alaska.  Lord of Crazy Bears there
she wouldn't want to upset her BFF.
Dem party is toast.
Proper grammar much??? Jeezzz!
do not vote for this charlatan
maybe do something first abt snowflakes safe spaces and libs refusing to debate with conservatives. How about that?
Seriously? I can't believe people actually voted for you.  Well hopefully that error can be corrected when your term is up.
maybe she can find Obama's school records that were sealed?
And how long have you been in office with H. reid
There are many "pubic", "govt" schools that are cheating the children.
I wouldn't paint all for-profit colleges with too broad a brush. Easy to hurt those that are doing good work. #highered
please list the lawbreakers and arrest them. Oh wait... 1. you're lying, 2. The laws only suit your narrative (illegals are fine)
oh my lord your grammar is bad. Who elected you?
Probably should learn how to construct a proper English sentence, Senator.
STOP. HER

#SenWarren in English class. It explains the bad grammar.

Cheat students?  You mean like claiming you're not who you are just to get in the front of the line??
kind a like how you cheated you Way into Harvard
my God woman at the very least  please correct your grammar when tweeting about education
Total "who cares" crap. Looking forward to your defeat next election.
How do you feel about "legit" universities that leave students >$100k in debt with majors in Women's and AA studies or Poetry?
If confirmed, as some of Trump's other nominees will do, will take U.S. in a backward direction, not forward.
she is not qualified to lead this agency.

What college did you go to? Because they obviously don't teach grammar. @SenWarren
you mean ones  like Trump University?

Only takes 51 !! The Head Clown will help you !!
DeVos has not a clue regarding even Pell.   Stand firm and do not appoint @SpeakerRyan
LOL, doesn't matter what you say !!!!
Oh, #fauxcahontas, you really are a bore. Get off your high horse and admit to BE (ing) the fraud and hypocrite you really are.

do you mean like Harvard,  which pays you 400k per year to teach one class??? How is basket weaving going, anyway???
this may be 1 of the most incoherent tweets I have ever read. I am reluctant to even consider the hamster wheel logic behind it
you're foolish. Community college grad rates and placements rates are in the teens. That's the worry.  There are food for profits
vomit
says the woman who profited by lying about her background # Fauxahontas
Its people like you that has shattered our system. And destroyed the trust of the American people in our leaders.
U R one bitter jealous vile person! You lie about your heritage! @BetsyDeVos will do right by the school System you hypocrite!!!
Thank you for lying about your heritage to get sweetheart deal and for getting 400k/yr to teach one course. #youreadisgrace @SenWarren
Hey Darrin, how can you prove she's not native?
Already been adjudicated and she sheepishly said well that's what my momma said, after she was caught. She's nuts. @koalalampour @SenWarren
Cool. So you are an expert in blood quantum?
Thx for weighing in.
Thanks for darin' to almost thinking you're knowledgeable.
Warrens poll ratings are plummeting in MA. Probably a hero to you though. Get lost now
Still didn't answer my question about blood quantum, lady.

@dsshep1959 Yes, there r a few more,Corey Booker who would stab his friend in back and Rep Lewis who has got rich off position
You are a loon and hope you lose your seat.
Well maybe she can at least teach you correct grammar:  " unwilling to commit to being"!! 
hypocrite! Taking 600k for speeches and not disclosing about a 1.5 million loan on your home? Really?Don't be a liberal hypocrite
How much did you make teaching ONE class?
She wasn't picked to please YOU Fauxahontas...she was PICKED to IMPROVE  OUR SCHOOLS/EDUCATION! 
NO MORE COMMON CORE GARBAGE!
And there's not a Democrat anywhere who'll hold NEA accountable for creating schools that graduate kids who literally can't read
@RealJamesWoods : so Fraudcahontas you mean like not claiming to be Indian 2 get benefits illegally or charging $400k for 1 class
@BetsyDeVos look into Warrens illegality please. She's right they should be caught. I'll add-go to jail
I can't wait to vote against you in 2018....
getting paid 6 figures+ to teach 1 class inflates college tuitions.
GET OVER YOURSELF. You are a hypocrite......I sincerely hope you never get re-elected.
You're on your way out fake Pocahontas,, pay your mortgage debts!!
if you can't make your point without being dishonest,  maybe think about keeping quiet.
Warren is a bunch of wind
Does @arneduncan know you're on the warpath to scalp him??
You do know that us deplorable's in fly-over country is laughing at you. Never knew you native American's was that funny.
hopefully she can help improve your English though! To be cop? Maybe you were speaking Pocahontas?
parents should have the right of educational choice for their children. Denying that choice, and pushing prog. agenda = communism
Do you teach with that brain?  I can see why you pull down the huge Harvard dollars........ I cud lern gud frum yoo
