#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts #socialist so did someone force those loans on students? What about community or state college?
I went to a community college, I still have about $50k in student debt. I'm trying to pay it back, but will prob die before that happens. 
and?? You got an quality education. Who should finance that? Answer is simple you and your family, not the nanny state or fellow citizens.
Work 2 or 3 jobs pay off your and stop whining.
Hard to do with a brain injury. Some drunk decided she was ok to drive and ran a light. Now I can no longer do the job I went to school for.
Someone else's choice, I'm the one with the consequences. I was on my way to job fair to get that 2nd job. She was bombed at 2 in afternoon.
Just started following them.  Thank you
Senator Warren we need to make sure it's the poor and middle class that get tax cuts not the wealthy and also help students with loans
Can't pay dont go.  It really is simple.
Can't pay, don't go. Don't go, probably will only ever make minimum wage. Minimum wage barely enough for basic expenses in most places.
We have a BIG  project going on right now with a retaining wall, patio, fireplace, etc. & contractor can't find enough QUALIFIED GOOD HELP!
One institution in charge of something is a bad idea?!?!
YOUR. THE. BEST.
Agree
DeVos and criminals want to pillage Americans until they go to jail for treason. #TheResistance #GeeksResist
thank u for recognizing the struggles hard working middle class parents face in trying to help our kids through college
Shut them down Senator Warren Just Shut Them Down.
What were you doing when Obama was there?
How about changing how it calculates interest...that is what is killing borrowers....
Don't borrow the money then
Not everyone has the money to get a college education w/out a loan. You need to learn how the interest works before being a naysayer!
Thank you for all you do to protect past, current & future students.
Lol 

Liz, why should taxpayers fund degrees for which there is little chance of a return on the investment?  If no return it is just welfare.
Yes that way the collages can send you a bigger check as you pump more taxpayer money into these institutions.
Still paying on a $9K loan after 12 years. The interest is oppressive. Thanks for all you're doing to make things better. You're awesome!
Discharge the Debt!!! Our loans were issued with intent of fraud, start the borrower defense process!!!
I got the email today from Anthem saying in Jan 2018 they will NO support ACA, I will NOT be able to afford ins because of pre-existing...
POTUS will be out soon.... no worries
I don't know cuz he seems to get away with everything, it's scary...
Why does it have to be "good" for borrowers and not the taxpayers that fund it?  How about being fair to both?
You have little concern for issue
Tuition-free college would fix the whole thing.
What's good is for borrowers to pay back the money plus interest
I agree, but it's getting more difficult to to with increasing costs of living and stagnant wages. Ppl need food and shelter first.
All those complaining about a single institution running student loans are the ones willing to accept single payer healthcare. 
SO Betty, Why didn't we here from you in the last 8 years about this Borrower problem? Did you just wake up? You dems are such hypocrites
Hypocrite!This is nothing new and now that the govt. has decided to give loans out.The cost has skyrocketed.Just like healthcare. Got the pt
When you know that graduation means paying back thousands in loans, many are deterred from trying to go to college. We must protect loans.
Why don't you donate the millions you are paid or your "speeches" to pay the student debts?
Talk is cheap 
JEEZ, everyone is always struggling, dying, suffering and hopeless with you.  Just the way you like them.  What have you done for 8 yrs?
I'm a teacher & single mom, I can't afford my payments right now. It's not that I don't want to but food comes first.
The ONLY Federal student loan should be associated with honorable service in our military...otherwise, private loans ONLY!!!
@realDonaldTrump has by creating a customer friendly "servicing" after the loan This means no DMV like disdain for customers!
They are adding ridiculous late fees and penalties to drive loans even higher
Sen. Warren Trump scapegoating Black kids who just want 2 get an education & lead productive lives. Fight his white nationalist agenda.
will the Senate be in pro forma session?
Key words: "loan" and "borrowers". Indicates a responsibility to pay back.
They need to pay their debt.
Stop with the liberal mantra of skipping out on your financial obligations!  You borrowed it, PAY IT BACK!!!!!!
It's Senator Warren! Have some respect. She has more than earned it!
The t and caia he you y at Alfredo you y M M Ryan b s a at Alfredo is JJ j FFC CSD a job and caia ask to I p y UV good
Ask communist  Bernie's wife for some money she borrowed 10 million to help or did it help her
It's your stupid student loan program that has increased tuition costs so that no one can afford college w/o a student loan. Just as u hoped
Struggling loan borrowers are struggling because you guys think it's ok to have social studies classes with no jobs after school
Well they stink now and have the last eight years what are you doing about it????
Complete nonsense...the reason they're struggling is the poor government underwriting of people who should have never received loans #crime
Need more responsible borrowing.

Taxpayers can't afford to bail out every bad decision ppl/businesses make.

#PersonalResponsibility
what are you doing to make sure these people pay their student loans back? I pay all my loans back my whole life!

talk about the small businesses and how they're optimistic now!!!!!
Seth Rich, Awan, Wasserman Shultz:  https://twitter.com/American1765/status/892459954572976128/video/1 …
OAN news;
James Rosen Fox on Wasserman & IT aide
Brett Bair
IT staffer of Wasserman
 https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/889977353119690753/video/1Brett … Bair
or they could say they are a minority like you did, then charge 350K to teach one class, like you did.
...who made the CHOICE to borrow money in order to go to college.  Do you give everyone a pass unless they're a Republican?!
How much money are you getting Senator from special interest groups to say this crap?
Thank you @SenWarren
You both are missing the real issue. Why has public in state school tuition rose 296% in 20 years while the value of said degree decreased?
How about watching the DNC and the money you pay foreigners and WHY? No worries about the info they had access to either right? Unbelievable
And make sure none claim a minority status to get preferential treatment right Chief Breaks Wind?
Why not work on reducing tuition and books and housing fees instead?  Make college great again Senator.
Maybe you should stop charging > $300K for an appearance & maybe schools will have $$ for student aid.
Honestly read as @used gov. Under this administration, that could be their hashtag.
They struggle because they are irresponsible.  They can work in school like I did.
... are borrowers supposed to do? Some mistakes you never stop paying for. Sometimes you are preyed on. And Mericans say you should enjoy it
Never own a home. Never out of debt. Never go on vacation with your kids. Nothing. Debtors prison. For mistakes you made in your 20s.
Look at all your comments! A bunch of let them fry 'Mericans who don't have a clue. Even if they are right, which they aren't, what ....
Nobody cares. We are broken Senator. Masks are off, cards are down. America is Rome. Citizens are the fodder of the puppet masters.
Jobs! Jobs! Jobs! That's how you help them....not trophies

And many student loans should never been granted! Especially to school's that just scam the student & student loan program!
@SenWarren and @usedgov My student loan bought by feds in '08-09 to bailout a "too big to fail" Bank. Never forget, NEVER again
Your a Liar for personal profit you cant be trusted!
thanks to the bloated salaries and tuitions at universities thanks to people like you.
Or maybe you go after the schools and their costs!! Oh that would mean your $400k "teaching" job would be scrutinized.
How about investigating Betsy DeVos?
She has nothing to due with this. This has been going on for years.

Student loan interest rates should be cut in half. We need better oversight of for profit schools, they should provide marketable skills.
If they had kept the Gov out of college loans it would be cheaper and debt less. We all can't get phony minority degrees Liz.
You took the loan out now pay it back. It's that simple.  Millions of us did it. Stop the crying and get to work.
That is how trump will ACA fail...
That is because trump is going to cut the government subsidies that make the premiums affordable..
If you don't make them pay it back, they will never be responsible citizens!  Oh wait dependency is what you r after!
POTUS on another golf vacation-who is keeping up with THAT spending?? How about we use that for Health Care!!!
Thanks for keeping a keen eye on these bozos Senator Warren. We need many more like you.
I can't make the $300 monthly payment they tell me I must make to pay for decisions I made when I was 18 and wanted to escape poverty.
While we're at it, I also can't afford health insurance.
If you cant afford school loans dont take them out.  Im not paying for other peoples debt. But you can fraud.
Why don't you just pay off their loans with some of the millions of dollars indirectly paid to you by the "PHARMACEUTICAL LOBBYIST"
DeVos got rich outside Gov, took the job for free, meanwhile, you got into Gov to get rich. DeVos has way more to offer #Voters & #Students
You should be screaming for a student loan tax credit to offset the obscene tuition and interest rates
Especially the ones that attended @Harvard 
$400K
https://binged.it/2wjKUd9 
Waste of money & brains
@SenWarren if certain professors didn't get paid millions for 1 or 2 classes it might be better. Yes You! Reply please
Is this coming from someone who gets paid mega bucks to speak at college campuses?
Hypocrisy only applies when it's other people.
Thank you Senator Warren for being the watchdog we need in our government.
Nicky that was sarcasm right?
BUT ONLY FOR WARTEM IMMIGRA
You know, I think our student loan program would be better utilized by illegal immigrants, at least they take the initiative to work.
I bet they are all lazy liberals that believe hard working citizens owe them something. Forget it, go out and get a job.
Struggling student loan borrowers....let them get a job and pay it back....I did and so are my children. And I will not pay for someone else
Good info!
Thanks @SenWarren
Just a case of the Feds throwing money at a problem. Time to pay the piper. Just let the taxpayers pay, let the dead beats walk. Gov't 101!
Should not be struggling in this Trump job growth era. Just looking to give more excuses for bailouts .  Borrow money pay it back .
Why do I keep reading this as "used gov"? as in, would you buy a used gov from this man?
Yep that's what leaders do "WATCH to see what happens".
Who's watching you?
Well you got alot of Luke's from the thumb sucking snowflakes that are just about as irrelevant as you,but not quite. Pocahontas. FAKEASS
Likes not Luke's.
You better watch!and do something for the outrageous salaries for tenured professors!
Why loan students money when they don't pay off their loans?  The government gives other slackers money so why not give it students, too?
Students duped& enticed2 taking loans by questionable http://tactics.Tax  payers bailed banks&forgave businesses&countries.Bail Students
DeVos is not to be trusted. What does she know about higher ed? I work on higher ed, and her ideas are bad for US students.
Do you know her personally? She walked into failing schools, riots in schools, low pay for teachers, high interest rates for loans. Go Devos
You are an inspiration!
They gotta pay for false Indian Faculty members first and foremost...right?
Why not bring loans down2 principle& split it 4 ways. Fed, banks, state, &students. Eliminate any 10 years or older loans. Then start fresh
#TermLimits
crappy economy Students can't get jobs- these are your results Sen Warren. Last 8 years holding office. You failed
Let's keep a tit in their mouths and treat them like babies or maybe let's make them pay their debts like everyone else!
Please, place US Citizen's interst 1st& politics a side. Elected officials must not have higher quality health care Benifit than average Joe
Thoughts on your colleague Bernie's role in stealing money from a college? He is under FBI investigation
#fuckthis
Agreed! Drain the swamp!!
You've been preaching this forever, what has changed?
We should close that government bank and make the college loan them the money then student pays the school back
Good paying stable jobs would cure that
Government run loan plan is in chaos... losing millions of dollars eventually paid by taxpayers... this women is a liar.
And WE will keep watching YOU to figure out how you are earning so much money as a SENATOR!  #politicalhypocrite
Hmmm ... is she your senator??
The fact that millions are struggling with student debt should be enough evidence of bad decisions, and w/ still rising costs @usedgov
You are one of the few Senators that has our backs. Thank you so much.
You are a liar.
Student loans have been out of hand for a long time. What did you and obama do to fix it?
How about debt to income ratios w/ student loans?  No student loans for ethnic studies / underwater basket weaving!  No pay check, no loan!
Have you paid back the Indian scholarship you were not entitled to but received?
Time for us Gov to start underwriting like a bank. A degree in anthropology probably won't pay back an Ivy League loan.
Struggling students? Says the person who made $ 325,000 a year teaching part time
The only good decision they could make is a student loan forgiveness 1 time payoff...tax free. Otherwise it's all BS.
Let's do that with house loans or a car loan then
Did Bernies wife steal more money ? Keep your  on her she's crafty
Hey #pocahontas - what experience do you have with federally subsidized student loans? #warrenisswamp
Actually Warren is the sewer!
Get a LIFE!
free money inflates education cost, you are creating the debt slaves.. its like going to amazon to shop and wonder where the jobs went.
Lying Lizzy got my eyes on u hanging fuzzy on ur every word know my syringe is full when sense u make prob X 4a MJ cake. RU native 'merican
#DebtorsPrison
i guess the elephant in the room here is that if the millions of struggling borrowers decided to stop paying they would stop struggling
Why is the government acting like a bank?
Nothing is good for anyone but @POTUS & Wallst we don't need a playxplay get the traitors out b4 civil war While poli. self prom. ppl suffer
Maybe you shouldn't charge $300,000 dollars to teach one class. Just a thought Pocahontis
Sell a couple of Bernie's million-dollar homes to help pay the student debt
Thank you @SenWarren for your diligence.
Bailouts . No thanks !
Your Gov student loan crap is drowning our kids in debt up over 250% with your great plan. Government has NO PLACE in this. Privatize it.
Since November, it has been nothing but bad decisions out of Trump and his Bad News Bears appointees.
I will. But can I watch the dodgers too? It's a really good season.
Revoke the bankruptcy restriction on Student loans signed by GWBush and allow students to write off this debt. Simple. Fixed! @POTUS 
There are so many colleges, community included, that are less expensive. The "elite" want to go to "elite" schools, guess what? You Pay!
Give them their taxpayer funded tuition back because they aren't getting a real education they're just being indoctrinated into U.N. Agendas
Meanwhile you make a fortune!!!!
What about the 50 million people living in poverty in the US! Screw the College kids!!
Republicans simply do not want people educated. Poor, dumb and no healthcare. That's their goal. #StudentLoans
Fool
Why would they be struggling after 8 years of you and Obama?
Hold the line Senator! Devos has no regard for Students, only money and her rich friends.
Anyone against school choice is against education and just a pro Union fool, stealing prosperity from generations of youth.  #demsareevil
Not everyone agrees with you. Ms Devos has many friends who own charter schools all her motives are monitary. For Profit, for her friends
So what,  better than wasting money on failing schools with bad teachers.  I guess you libs only like choice when a baby gets killed.  #sick
They borrowed money and promised to pay it back. They need to have their feet held to the fire
Make sure they under stand it is their debt and they are responsible for paying it back.
Don't forget to watch for decisions about elementary and secondary public education- voucher research shows worst results ever
Hypocrite.
They borrowed the money they're entitled to nothing get a job and pay it back
2020
Wasn't that the plan when O took it over? Gov watching it self never works.
what happened to self responsibility and independence?
They are "struggling" because greedy crooks like you keep raking in big $$$ off loans to students they can't pay back.
Then don't borrow
Go away
Thank you so much @SenWarren! Both of my girls have student loans. Stay vigilant.
Fuck them! They borrowed, now pay it back! There's 50 million in poverty in the US! You should be ashamed with that ridiculous response!!
May i borrow a billion?
Thank you for all that you are doing is this area Senator Warren!
Quit giving free money to foreign students and give to our own.
Or investigate why college costs so much , eh $400 k professor?
Just filed for my first student loans today, honestly feeling kinda scared lol
By the way, talked with any Michigan educators or parents about status of DeVos' education policies-lately?
Thank you.
LMAO that was great !!
Yes we do. I have 2 kids in college and their debts are very concerning.
Make them work and help pay for it
Why? They borrowed, they pay!! So sick of you clowns!! Self accountability!
We're discussing college debt. It might require some education to understand how predatory lenders targeted college kids. Do you read?
Well said Kevin.  I do believe these Deplorables don't read.
Wow!! Deplorable ! I've been called worse by better!!!
The federal student loan program which you backed is bankrupting the young in this country. You should be ashamed of yourself Warren.
Your saying she should be ashamed.  How about the crazy liar in the white house. Every day a new screw up.
Yes please 
Or maybe the #Trump administration should invest the money they plan on using for a senseless wall on education.
Reducing illegal immigration will save money. Just like stopping a leaking faucet. Both ignored will cost.
The millions of struggling student loan borrowers need more politicians like @SenWarren to fight for them! TY Warren!
The ones who make $400k for one class? You are hysterical.
Respectfully Senator, we must watch a lot of things with U.S.E.D.
You are a corrupt fascist Warren. You want to FORCE government monopolized healthcare & destroy individual freedom. That is tyranny.
They vote Dem! That's how they think they will stay in power! America has woken up! Tired of the race baiting and nonsense! We tried w Obama
Sad when a comedy show offers better investment advice than the current presidential administration.
Sad you actually believe that
Impression thus far: not so good
