.@USChamber sucks billions of dollars from member companies – so it’ll pick a losing fight if it has to, as long as the money keeps flowing.
The companies paying for a @USChamber membership – they’re being taken for a ride.
Because only works in your mind, not in real life.Have you ever hold a job that produced anything? No
Wait just one minute 
She wrote a book. Cha cha cha
Because it gives poor and middle classes a chance & republicans can't have that. They'd hold your head under water vs. giving u a life vest
Grassley one of the honest ones in #Congress Gee, wonder who he is talking abt that goes along with fake news 

Cos this is the root poison behind all the deregulation
It has to do with the name Obama. POTUS's care less if it's working. His mission is to undo Obama.
U need to get out of health care
Why don't you start at the very beginning.
The answer is you are so tangled in the web of corruption you have no idea how to find ur way out
https://www.facebook.com/TangledEarth/ 

Elizabeth Warren your DNA results are in.  Apparently you are half Caucasian and half idiot.
Why are you not dancing around the camp fire
adversely effect brokers who operate like small business owners - the rule is important but doesn't target big institutions just middle men
small tier brokers that service retirees and small business owners or professionals with savings in $100,000's and 1mil are being squeezed
Do you know % of ppl that have $100,000's & 1 mill?Almost half of US have no stocks & less than 500 in savings.&NOT b/c they're not working.
Money, money, money!
Why did you claim to be an American Indian?
At Elizabeth Warren's funeral do you think we'll hear these tweets emanating from her coffin?
Deplorable
Hahaha
Fiduciary? 
Gimme a break.
That's nothing to assume, deary.
Them days have faded in the clouds of a corrupt +persistent government.
hey, pocahontas, quit trying to rile up the white man! You speak with forked tongue again!
The USCOC is Republican thru and thru. That's why.
Sounds like there's a storm brewing for the Democrats.
Hopefully the wife of the it man hired by Wasserman Schultz coming back to the US to testify does it end up dead
You should explain what a "fiduciary" is. Bound by law to work in best financial interests of customer.
Bc this is the pro-corp/pro-wealthy/anti-consumer/anti-civil rights administration despite Trump's claims of being for forgotten man.
WHY DID YOU VOTE NO TO AUDIT THE FED? You pretend to care. $9 trillion given to thieves and you want it kept secret! Shame on you. SHAME!
I believe you just answered your own question. Life and business are a zero sum game for them. #Resist
Big Business; low expenses, low wages, large profits
Why do you want it? Does it benefit the private sector or government.
Because thêse are trump people
Where's the fiduciary rule to protect US citizens from you fools in Washington spending our money. Go Lizzy will hit 20 trillion don't worry
IN CASE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DO NOT KNOW IT- THE US CHAMBER OF COMMERCE IS PURELY POLITICAL-GOP AT THAT!! I DIDN'T KNOW THIS UNTIL RECENTLY!!
Yes.  Why
Three words: Wall Street Corruption
Great video on what fiduciary rule is.
The #USCOC is very anti-American and should be outlawed in the USA!
Sen Warren, short interest is at the highest level since Nov. Do I get more conservative? My robo acct doesn't reallocate until 2025. Help
Your rule cuts choices & limits advice. The choices available are more expensive, unless you go Robo. Not everyone wants a robo
Wrong!
We know why!
Because they don't won't the ppl of this country to do better,would rather" rip" them off.
The only group benefiting are trial lawyers.
The COC is nothing but a lobbying monster for *big* business. Anyone who thinks otherwise is nuts.
How can anyone justify allowing financial advisors to screw their clients? The fiduciary rule is a no-brainer
Because it can. Power & Control
It doesn't work for rich people?
because they like so many of us don't trust you
B/c U sponsored it, it just gives government more power, U & Obama created that worthless agency,Remember "You didn't build that" U suck
Because they represent donors, lobbyists and special interests groups. Our representatives don’t represent us.
Simple answer: 
Because the fiduciary rule is working for consumers, start-ups and big investment companies.
Don't be so naive!
You suck Goofy Elizabeth Warren!
Really luv this women her passion comes across so well she's a fighter she reminds me of my mum Wat president Elizabeth Warren she'd be
Because it sucks
Congress & Senate members who do not uphold their Oath need to be brought up on TRAITOR charges, plain & simple. Start w/sanctuary city ppl.
Term limits
Because it hurts small investors, small businesses and creates more compliance costs for everybody.
Lies
Facts.  How does an advisor work for somebody who has less than $25k?
Don't have enough $ to meet mngd account minimums.  Advisors won't touch brokerage bcuz of fiduciary rule.  How does that person get advice?
If they only have $25k they don’t have the freaking money to invest.Why does 1/3 of people 401k is lost to freaking fees????? 1/3 ridiculous
Not sure where ur pulling that from.  Maybe the clouds???
Because it's not benefiting the contributing Americans
Oh I don't know...maybe the COC is full of dirty bad people like @GOP
Because the CoC has been hijacked by the GOP as part of their attempt at power hegemony in the US.
Because the average citizen makes an easy target and big corp has bribery money to get their way.
Is this a trick question? COC is killing it because oversight to protect every day people financially, isn't profitable, (enough) for them.
What the Hell is wrong with our law makers. What will it take before the leglislation is with the working people of this nation.
It will take voting Republicans out of office
How about a fiduciary rule for crooked politicians sucking billions from taxpayers. Hypocrite!!
Because they are Fascist pigs, Elizabeth.  We all know this.
Because, thanks to the GOP, America runs on Debt.
because the Chamber of Commerce doesn't care about those things?
Das kapital 
Crony capitalism and privitized law and lies 
For a sore thumb putin exxon.erable clown
hmmm
Ahhhhh
Corruption, DUH!
