Yeah in the last 8 years it got worse and worse under Dem control.  Your allies and the people you supported.
Dems haven't had control the past 8 years!!
Wait, so President Obama wasn't in office all that time?
The Republicans had control, and obstructed everything they could, including a supreme court nominee. Read your history, dude.
Republicans didn't have a majority in both houses until 2014.  You know, history.
Republicans gained control of House in 2010 elections. You know HISTORY. Speaker controls agenda not POTUS!
So you're saying the President doesn't control the agenda?  Trump is just a figurehead, he's not to blame?
Trump has Republican run House & Senate Which allows him to run the Republican Agenda. Are you really this ignorant of how gov works?
I really like how @realDonaldTrump chose Linda McMahon to run SBA! She from a HUGE co(WWE) that spent its time destroying the little guys!
Agree the NYT, Washington Post, CNN and MSNBC control VERY FAKE NEWS and VERY FAKE NARRATIVES!!! Should we enforce our antitrust laws???
So shutting down large Corps is a good thing? Corps that collectively employee millions of voters. That millions of voters own stocks in.SMH
Dont complain when those corps cut your hours and health care benefits. They profit while tax payers pick up the bill for you
You act as if they're obligated to give you a job.They're not. If they're out of business they can't cut your hours, or give you a job. #CRY
Dodd Frank forced all the midsize and small banks to merge. You support it.
are you going to start with Amazon? Or are you just spouting your usual bs?
In addition, the focus on profits through investing, and avoiding taxes through the loopholes, via off-shore shelters, is no benefit to US.
Just repeating myself:
Elizabeth Warren 2020!
#thanksobama #fauxcahontas #chiefpaininass
Thx to govt regulation
What about that big government sandbox you play in?! Drain the swamp!
Obama and Dems over regulated and over taxed...sending big companies traveling and small companies crashing. Need business to grow country
I agree. What can we as citizens do.
Getting money out of politics will help Fed law in anti trust and prop up the FTC and DOJ . Anti trust law needs to be either revamped or enforced again.
and one massive government controls much more
Thank you, Senator Warren for your continued advocacy for honest hardworking Americans. You are a woman of great integrity.
What do you recommend!!!
Yes, because all you big gov't leftists insist on creating regulations & taxes that small businesses can't afford but big corporations can.
It's true. The left isn't perfect. But it's way more sane than the right these days.
Choked off by government regulations that small companies can't afford to meet/document. Big companies love your regulations! @SenWarren
How well did breaking up "Ma Bell" work they just changed name and still run the phones
You speakum with forked tongue.
Where were you the last eight years when over regulation was destroying small business?Get Government out of the way. That's why Trump won!
Scary.  Sounds like nothing was learned from Russian Industrial Revolution failed practices.
As a small business person I can honestly say that unfortunately YOU ARE CORRECT
President Liz!
Isn't that what the government you've been a part of has intended to happen? If this were 1984, you'd be a moderate Republican.
Thanks to Obama and Clinton...
Obamacare forced my small community hospital into becoming a cog in a giant corporate conglomerate, you fraud. #Fauxcahontas
And we have people falsely claiming to be Indian American to advance their careers and get preferential treatment.  Just horrible isn't it!
We do not have capitalism. We have monopolistic competition, represented by corporatism.
How do we stop it??
All because of corrupt politicians like you who make legislation to benefit big corps so your stocks will go up
YOU'RE worried about competition?? AND the Russians??  Unbelievable!
Ok I want to personally escort this traitor out of our White House
You can't help yourself.  I don't think could tell
The truth if your life depended on
You helped create this mess. Liberal policies have ruined every metropolitan area. Ridiculous regulations have stifled competition an growth
It's only chocked off by liberalism.  Democrats need to live what they say.  Wake up pokahonise
Your team was in charge ask them
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
When everything is regulated so dam tight the little guy can't survive it favors the bigger corps.  You can thank your party for that.
That's why I love to see entrepreneurs everywhere. Making their own way instead of working for the man.
And corporations are expecting more and more from their employees with less pay and longer hours.
Because you Dems pass so many regulations that only the largest companies can handle the paperwork and labor to keep up
Thanks to 16 of the last 24 years of democrats in the white house. Don't worry, @POTUS will clean up your mess.
Increasingly an issue as big government places more restrictions & regulations on free market. Only the big companies can absorb the costs
How come your boyfriend Barry Sorento didn't fix that... He had 8 years. Answer: Progressive Socialistic Treasonous governing doesn't work!
Hey y don'tu go n livein Canada it's a socialist government ,whocontrolseverything,tax to the wazzo,someone hasto pay forthe freebies nasty
Democrats caused that idiot.
Your making millions in politics
80% of wealth amassed went to 1% this last decade
All caused by 8 years of Obama
For once i am in total agreement with Liz.  We need to drain the swamp.. including you.
Fortunately, Obama put an end to all tha - errr - never mind.
You government goons are the one choking off competition 
You can thank Obama for this with his big corp protectionist regs & over burdensome govt regulations put on small business
Yo, Liz! 
Time has come to make a stand against those within your own party.
#AreYouWithUs ?
What did Obama actually do the last 8 years???
And you want government to have a monopoly on health care?!?
In your fervor to have them compete globally you condone it you f hack
#ThanksObama
It's a little more subtle in Canada but greed is not as transparent as it was a decade ago.
And the #1 area of choked off competition is Gov Run healthcare which YOU support and want even more gov control ..Hypocritical?
They sure do
Talking about Obama?
Gotta love Liz!
http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/all-money-out-of-politics-1 …     Sign petition to get ALL money out of politics
Did you vote for Dodd/Frank which has destroyed thousands of small banks?
Lying Lizzy Strikes Again. Small business owners I know say business has been booming since November. Hmmm. So busy they can't keep up.
Maybe you'd be less anti-business if you ever had to earn a living instead of living off the tax payers and back door deals.
You had eight years to do something. Why didn't you?
Uh...but isn't THIS the game plan? Central control-like a good socialist/fascist must have-this must be a secret Cherokee "cheer" right?
if competition is choked off in more and more sectors of the economy when do we no longer have a capitalist system?
Thank Obama. These guys grew bigger as the middle class disappeared.
They got that way due to DEM crony capitalism and are all huge DEM donors.  Working people aren't fooled by your coastal elitist politics
There're also owned by DemoRATS, like yourself. They also contribute and fund sleazy hypocrites like yourself to put in office Pocahontas.
We know the problem, What is the solution?  Its time to boycott them or vote on term limits to get rid of their supporters.
Wasn't obama gonna fix all that??
Under 8 years of democrats seems like they allow merger after merger
Hate to break it to you, most lobbyists are pushing LIBERAL policy.
I suppose it is futile to expand any small business, you will vote to free them of their hard earned dollars.
All of this is thanks to that Big Government you support.  Big players buy off you and your peers to regulate the start-ups out.
You must hate Apple then? such a stooge
What a perfect description of ObamaCare!
Well you've been there long enough to change that instead you whine
This is what you get after eight years of King Obama's "hope and change" bullsh*t.
“In every corner of our economy, competition is choked off… a handful of giant corporations control more & more & compete less & less."
And produce worse and worse products
We can solve that problem with term limits. A single term with no retirement benefits. Get those where you came from.
Great googly-moogly Mee Maw, what could be causing this?
The left believes more government is the answer.  Your information would be cheered by them.
Kinda like the two major political parties. Let's require each to give 50% of contributions to a 3rd and 4th party.
Like what ObamaCare did to insurance companies.
Wasn't Obama supposed to fix that?
Mrs Warren. You are incorrect. Regulations from your party chocked the smaller companies. This left large companies in play with less comp.
this is the human condition. its what most people like.  enough percentage of people that th rest of us mist scrounge between.
And in the 2012 & 2016 election who got the most money from giant corporations? Democrats Obama and Hillary
so you will support buying health ins across state lines
And who writes the laws allowing that? Allow free market and remove federal control. Allow state's to decide on how business is ran
That's because of democrats
No different sadly in Europe
Why aren't U speaking about #SethRich?  Did you know about the murder?  You were close to HRC. What happened to him after he leaked DNC docs
Didn't hear you bitching about the same thing under Obama, Pocahontas.
We seem to prefer to live in a reality show instead of paying attention to the real issues.  Thank you for all that you do.
You and your cronies had 8 years to do something about it.  All b.s. all the time from you. So much for that diversity push.
Just another dirty politician.
Yeah.  Having Washington pile on layer after layer of mandates, regulations, fees and taxes will do that......
Wasn't your hero obama supposed to fix all that? You said he was the messiah.
Courtesy of the Democrats.
This coming from the woman who is rich from being a politician
Exactly. It was YOUR guy who just left office days ago after having it 8 years.
just like when the cattle barons burned people out and hung a man and his wife
And the media is controlled by those corporations, and those corporations donate tons of $$ to politicians. It is a vicious circle.
The obama team choked my business out, why do the democrats lie so much
Please support small businesses! We cannot compete with giant corporations.
I thought Obama was suppose to fix that. Or was his entire presidency based on cashing in from the big banks and corporations
They didn't think they'd get caught.
8 years
WHO DO U THINK HIRE PEOPLE 
CORPORATIONS!
THOUSANDS OF JOBS
R U SURE U R A SENATOR 
NO DISRESPECT. BUT?????
Moron
And that's because all of you and your cronies and allowed China to take all of our jobs shame on you very sad #TermLimits
Perhaps the evil corps should just leav. Go over seas take our jobs with them.Then, maybe YOU will finally SHUT YOUR MOUTH..
didn't hear a peep out of you the last 8 Obama years, when poverty rose and the gap in income grew. Hypocrite.
So, you were not involved in crippling small businesses by over-regulation, taxes and #ACA. Can you point out who was responsible for 8 yrs?
Grow up lady! Don't show your ignorance.
Blah blah blah. Whatever Fauxcohontas.
How brave of you to come out against your party and admit that the 8 years under Obama was a dismal failure.

You guys had EIGHTYEARS!
...and their lib-run cities had 60 years!!
...but Democrats want to keep people POOR and DEPENDENT on govt. It is nothing more than power.
Time to break up ALL monopolies.
We have become a nation of corporations especially with this administration
Seriously, common sense will tell you that companies need to be able to HIRE therefore anything favorable is going to help create jobs.
It's time for you to stand up and take hold of the Presidency in 2020! Warren 2020 ! Return dignity to Politics and Politicians...
Under Obama, we had no economy. He choked the little guys while corporations just packed up & left.
Your Demo Regulations and economic policies killed off small business which is finally going to come alive again
Think the democrats for that one
It's it's choked off because we can't compete with third will nations paying somebody two cents a hour for the same product we pay 15$ hour
Let's do it together as a TEAM
Please come out swinging. We need you to be active
its the united states of exxon and BCBS
Bye Felicia !
True. Yet while you've pegged the problem, how would taking us further down the road toward fiefdom not exacerbate this situation?#venezuela
Who gives your campaign money Emily's List? Who funds Emily's List - Soros 
How have you not started impeachment proceedings? Dems just seem to want more interviews instead of trying to remove the threat
Warren is as business smart as she is in tribal history..Clueless bitch needs to zip it..
GOP hide money
DJT, MT/ fraud, tax invasion 
MP/CPAC
BC/property
SB,JK,ITK,/ funnel cash,tax fraud
Tillerson, Session/dakota Oil
@knowyoursnakes Elizabeth you are to early for 2020, the World is trying to handle the idiot in the WH,let's concentrate on that.
The US economy has been a corporatism economy since 1913. Capitalism does not treat people badly, Corporatism does always.
You are the epitome of sanctimony, how can you sleep at night?
Did you ever stop to think it's your policies that cause this to happen?  Regulations favor the rich and powerful.
And yet it's stronger now than in over a decade.  Hummmm
You can thank our ever-increasing regulatory environment for this....
I thought you said Obama fixed that already
That is exactly what Chavez and Maduro peddled to the people of Venezuela.
Because the government now picks the winners and losers in every facet of our lives. The government picks who gets subsidies and who doesnt
And you help giant corps by backing HRC , eat shit Warren #DNCFraudLawsuit
This is exactly what you're talking about. You just don't know it.  ‘Oh, here’s our inventory, and it’s free! http://fisherynation.com/?s=Hooked+Up 
Damn it, Trout Flapper. This is a direct result of your Big Gov/Big Regs economic policies - big corps love 'em - they strangle small biz!
I think you have it backwards.
Oh really? Simple question to clear this up: who piles all the lobbyists up & down K St? A million 'Joe's Plumbing' or GE, Walmart, & BofA?
Gee maybe because only big business can survive thanks to all the damaging Government regulations thrown at small businesses like the ACA
none more than the two party system in The Beltway
Thanks Obama!
Why aren't you working for free? Or at least not for 6 figures?
Taxing those big guys hurts us start ups. How are you helping us? Your ideas are just to punish the successful. Many small want to be big.
I trust them more than I trust the federal government.
*Looks at Obamas choke hold on small buisness
Keynesian economics failed, Liz. It's socialism or barbarism, pick one.
We can't keep up with just the laws and regs that helps us get our foot in the door before we even worry about big competitors.
You blame big business as if 13,000 regs have not hurt us trying to start up in economically struggling communities. How can we compete?
And, in few arenas is this more true than in healthcare insurance!
Big govt is the issue. By trying to choke big corporations by over regulations, the small guy gets buried. It is almost impossible for me.
And the people that put Trump in office see their wages stay stagnant.
And, an increasing number controlled by foreign governments. It's all about the money...and, it ain't pocket change.
Well yall were n power for the 1st 2 yrs with veto proof majority n both houses. Why didn't u fix said prob? Cause u lie !!
USA HIJACKED BY BIGGEST FINANCIAL TERRORIST GOLDMAN SACHS LED FRAUD WALL ST BANKSTER TERRORISTS. GS RULE & LOOT USA.
In every corner of our govt a handful of greedy, rich, elite, senators and politicians control more and more and do less and less
Well said!
I don't agree with very much but on this I agree completely!
Time to break up all the Ma Bells again?
You are so right! And with that no benefits no raises no security more poverty for hard workers ! HELP 
We just need more taxes, more laws, more fees & more regulations.
Says the party who passed more and more regulations that only big wealthy corps could afford, effectively destroying their competition.
