Why does the Republican Party have so much power now?  How did the US get to this point?  I'm angry & afraid.
We need to get rid of electoral college because they are no longer representing us all. Should be One Person One Vote.
80% live in big cities, why should rural votes be worth more
your vote shouldn't be averaged as more value for being rural.
But most of the Idiot Libtards live in the big cities & Libtards are what is ruining USA.
63% of ANY kind of people in America live in the cities. STUPID ARGUMENT.
btw. Trump is the one who lied that Warren claimed NDA to get into Princeton. She never went to Princeton. Trump = fact check
She was hired as a teacher. Even the links from the article - clearly nobody not lying thinks she was hired based on ancestry.
she cleared it up, the man who hired her for Harvard Law spoke out himself after Trump's  racist attacks
You are attacking a career lawyer, teacher, advocate, mentor,  business person, saying you don't like "Career politicians?"
ETHICS??. Kind of like lying about your ethnicity ethics; or is there a different definition for #libtards? #caring
so what the GOP just did was ethical? I love people who hate America like you do
lol.. spent 23 years defending America.. that's right to a #libtard that's hating America.
but please continue to let the GOP strip democracy, while blaming liberals
Sailor fought boredom in OIF/ OEF. LMAO... 2 tours in IRAQ OIF and OIF 3. Did not see one sailor. #landho
I did a tour in Talil and a tour in Kandahar 
Haaa Haaa...
glad you find someone else's service a joke, simply because you disagree with their political point, merica
I can't trust my government. Trump &cabinet crooked. Where will USA B IN 4 years! @realDonaldTrump
because its all rigged Ma'am.  As i stated, continur to stay all up in his forth corner pocket.  He is an absolute disgrace.
what do we do?
sounds like you
, we want to do our part. When we hear all these lies, and call him out on all these lies how do we take action?
what will @SenateDems do about it?
i know. a bit short-sighted, eh?
Ethically is it ok to claim your an Indian to gain preference at a Univeristy ? Ethically is it ok to BleachBit 33,000 Emails ?
Please help us. As citizens we are saying the same things, but where do we go? What do we do? Elected officials?
Now that the holidays are over, find your town's local DEM office, attend meetings, & volunteer.
Im going to my first one on Thursday
I'm looking for one too. :)
 Look up DNC meetings in your area on internet!
fuck the Dnc, I'm independent now after 40yrs.
Oh my haven't learned a damn thing after 40 yrs, slow af
Does this idiot Warren ever see anything good in ANYONE? She started her career under a lie continues to this day
@stucker6061 Senator Warren, there is clear cut treason. Donald Trump must not take oath. Collusion with foreign hostile gov't.
since#DJTRELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS/HisDEFIANCEenablesNOM's2Resist2WHYIRS justDEMAND/SUPOENA them? COI PROOFlikeNomsTHENevidence!
#BRUNELL DONAL-KYEI  = SILLY  STILL A SLAVE  SO WHERE ARE THESE JOBS COAL  EX - EX ?? puuuH
#CASINOsexCLUBtrump
Russia and Trump gave permission with this no rules policy. We need to know more about the hacking. Is the election legit?
I thought you Progressives ban back ground checks for all Government Offices?
@anti_Trump_CLE ... and those "Cabinet Members" should, and hopefully will be, as thoroughly vetted as any other in history.
hopefully the skeletons in their closet will be found and prevent them from claiming the position
You mean the Bone Yard? This should be interesting...
Ethics, how did you accumulate all your wealth while in public office @SenWarren? Dont portray yourself as for the People you're clearly not
That's easy ms warren pimped her self out 10 bucks a john oops i mean donor class
I have never seen an ethical republican...NEVER
years ago, Rep Connie Morrella  was a good Republican
Good job...you found a needle in a haystack
There is nothing you can do about it.  Dems changed the rules.  Coming back to bite you in your backsides.
Whatever you say Pocahontas!
there are no shortcuts in these important appointments! Keep up the good work MA democrats in office!
warren=nazi puppet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqw2-TlaWMk …
http://soquelbythecreek.blogspot.com/2011/10/everyone-knows-that-elizabeth-warren-is.html …
Well, DO something, dammit!!!
Smoke a peace pipe, may make you feel better about losing.
Hold their feet to the fire, don't let #TRAITORMITCH get his way. I would really look into his wife.  He sl kd out to get her through.
still crying I see...thank god Jan 20 is almost here and we will have a real president and a real government
Why does "rich" mean "unethical?" Why does fact they are CEO's disqualify them? Experience counts. Fake Indian with forked tongue
Billionaires are just people.

Turns out voting America likes one in particular and has made him our President.

Next.

@SenWarren
Another attempt to smear so your 's can be mad about something else. All in the agenda to keep shit stirred up. 
Pocahontas you've become rich off the taxpayers you're supposed to represent, you have no right to judge anybody
@gaelbill yThese nominees must be vetted! #Resist
SEEMS I GOT TRUMPS ATTENTION:I THINK HE'S GETTING IRRITATED AT ME POSTING THE TRUTH,AND CALLING OUT HIS LIES. LOL
Blocking u means he's irritated following means he is using ur stuff against us all
HE'S NOT BLOCKING,HE'S FOLLOWING

Did they fake being an Native American and steal a $500K/year teaching position that should've gone to a real Native American? NO
#DNC taking money from foreign nation...Why no investigation on Clinton Foundation while Sec.of State... MyMy fickle ethics! Lies
Pocahontas queen of ethics!
Trump won, move on.
you talk about ethics when u lied about your ethic background & supported crooked Hillary. You don't know the meaning the word.
Libtards will have plenty of time 4 tweeting as otherwise ignored as conservatives drain the swamp. Hope U do not drown!
Nobody believes the democrats lies anymore but nice try!
worried about billionaire DJT COI when Obamas net worth rose 438%, Clintons made 238 mil after leaving WH broke.  Come on man....
Says millionaire Fauxcohontas. #PotMeetKettle
You use the words billionaires & CEOs in a derogatory tone to imply guilt & wrong doings when in fact they've done nothing wrong.
thank God Putin exposed these democommies..and they can only do what they do best, throw tantrums..no power to stop progress..
you used to be a decent woman Warren but you sold your soul to the devil to
where is the outrage on all the people that have lost their lives because of this evil human sack of poo
.@SenWarren you talk like @EricHolder didn't havea criminal record or the fact lobbyists became richer under obama then anyone. #HYPOCRITE
conducted a corrupt campaign so she could have a corrupt presidency
not to mention honest Hillary crooked and Evil from the beginning
Elizabeth, your best buddies sleep with satan.
~ What did Soros' puppets, t/Muslim pres & loser HRC, accomplish in 8yrs?
• keep it up b/c wewining
#TRUMP2020  #MAGA
Beware of the useful idiots that's all of you liberals
-- I've more Native American DNA than this snake in the t'p, Ethics?  I'm offened & demand she goes to her lying safe space!
not to mention how you guys want to destroy our constitutional rights ....where's the outrage?
You really are hopeless. Lies lies lies
-- coming fr split tongue liesalot Pocahontas, Ethics- WTHO?  How many times did sen. ImNativeAmerican lie? hrc compliant! HAA!
of course this is just the tip of the iceberg ...but what about Obama's fake birth certificate? Where's the outrage?
of course we have all these honest people that we could have do the background check as well
if warren doesn't like them - @realDonaldTrump must be doing something right!!
#whitenoise america can't hear you we are too busy winning all the time since trump and GOP spanked your party
of course, we could always ask these guys to do the background check
maybe these people get help with the background check
Imagine you, talking about ethics. What a joke. When did you find God? #tcot
interesting coming from millionaires like you, Nancy and Hillary! Stupid Hypocrites
bet it's pretty scary thinking Trump has people who get the job done..not cons and and clowns..democommies will never rule again.
God forbid we actually have people in government who've actually accomplished something in the private sector. #DCisBroken
a little more background check into these insane cabinet members would have been good
Pocahontas
let's worry about things that are really evil, like people like you who are part of this or who willingly look the other way.
YOU have no f**king ethics!

Terror Experts ‘Very Concerned’ About Sen Warren Aide and His Radical Mosque
Get a life heffer!!! You lost suck it up and shut up!!! Thanks
give it a rest.
