oh is that why it's okay with Dems to let radical Islam in this country so they can set back women's Rights  A 300 Years!!
To be fair, both parties want to fund Radical Islam through Saudi Arabia.
Democrats want them in this country they support Sharia law! That will set back women's rights 300 hundred years orMore
No. No they don't. Just stop.
Ahh actually she is correct. Just look at the statements from Maxine waters for 1
Nah. She's brilliant. Better than anyone at fox
They kill unborn children. So why do we want the government to pay for it
We know the difference between reality & lies, and you, Warren, are a liar.
Keep fighting. 51% of Americans are women. 99% are not rich. The majority are not old, white men. Remember that when making healthcare laws
How's that fighting working out for the dems??  
i so a green with you
wow, two lame women in one tweet… #moron #corrupted #fakeNativeAmerican #liars
If women aren't fools why did the majority of them vote Trump?
They didn't
I bow down 
Till potus repealed it we where supporting abortion in other countries Mexico City policy. Stop lying
This women is an ASS she is on the clinton team
If you fund plan parenthood than you fund abortion. So your lying when you say it doesn't.
Federal money does not pay for abortion.
Upon occasion I have lied. Women have always been the ones who called me out and made me a better man. I cherish their wisdom and decency!
If that were tru please explain why so many women voted for trump when clearly he doesn't care about women's health
@FoxNews has misinformed millions of men and woman. That's a big reason why
If you voted for a orange moron and thought things would be better u deserve exactly what u get which is nothing
I mean I agree to some extent but I also understand that the misinformation of Fox News and others is really
That's no excuse trumps not smart and proved it multiple times before the election morons still voted for someone that is not qualified
Honey, 53% of white women voted for @realDonaldTrump. If they're not fools, what are they? #Imbeciles?
Women aren’t fools. We know the difference between reality & lies. That’s why we’re fighting back to stop the @SenateGOP healthcare bill. 
How could 53% of white women have voted for  if only half turned out, HRC had more votes, and let's say half the voter turnout were women?
If u take CA out, not true. We r screwed here in CA as we r the biggest Welfare state. Many here want everything for free & vote accordingly
Actually, CA is the state with the huge economy that generates the wealth that pays for red state welfare.
Lying Pocahontas, you need to go back to the reservation and smoke a little more. Maybe then you won't sound like a raving LOON!
Leila, I'm confused. You're calling Sen. Warren "Pocahontas" because she allegedly claimed to be Native American but is not...
But then you say "go back to the reservation". If she is not Native American, how could she have a reservation to go back to?
Also, what does smoking have to do with anything, and why would smoking make someone sound less like a "raving LOON"?
Can you clarify? It's all very confusing and I really want to understand your important, nuanced point.
Keep it up Senator Warren. You are my role model! Fight for us, we are in your corner!

We are sick of you going down to the @SenateFloor as well.
My wife wants a #FullRepeal so please don't generalize as if you advocate for all women. 
#Repeal #ACA & tell @GOP not to replace.
What a moran!
Women are always sick.
We are even there lizzy, many people are tired of hearing your lies and your inflammatory rhetoric.  But I guess it's a liberal thing.
Thanks Senator Warren For Fighting for The American people not the Elites Like Trump @johnpodesta @GeorgeTakei
@1911Spartan    How dare you lump your slumlord idiocy and defect with all women for cover. No all women are not fools.  But you are #genius
Frankly, I'm sick you NEED TO  keep coming 2 the floor to explain things to these boorish, selfish, dumb MEN. Thank heaven 4 you, Sen.Warren
LOL you use Elizabeth Warren as example and claim you are not fools?
So you want to make healthcare less affordable to legal American citizens and not allow them to choose their own doctor? You need to be shot
Oh you would not know the truth if you were run over by a segway.
They just keep showing their colors,  with lie after lie. Keep America well. IT will win in the end.
Lol hush plz
Yet every PP within 100 mile radius of me ONLY DOES ABORTION. prefer ACTUAL women's health clinic!
Women aren't fools, but you are. And you're a liar
Is there a resource that shows the total number of screenings and/or procedures per year? That would probably answer the questions.
It's not just politics; it's religion, which should have NO role in determining policy.
And I don't want your imaginary friend guiding decisions about my rights or what I deem moral.
Your a woman I suspect! You know the difference between a lie and the truth ! Why lie Pocahontas
Good on ya. 
They also know the difference between Caucasian and Indian. 

#RealityAndLies
Do you hunt buffalo?
Thats right women aren't fools. But you promoting this bullshi*t is making you the biggest fool of them all.
Please block the idiots and people that can't read! They should be limited to fact check, and be blocked from TRUMPTROLLING
Stop  trying 2 turn women against @potus & his agenda, all u say what you're against, nothing specific about what ur 4 that's why u lose
Big Trump victory today
Then take birth control.Stop killing babies bc you cant control your desires. Facts prove that baby parts were sold.
Fighting to kill more babies? Sorry, many women ARE indeed fools. Including you and your kind.
But you ORDERED everyone to purchase health insurance under threat of force. So PP is now redundant unless you are violating the rule of law
Libs. Don't want government to tell them what to do with their bodies, but want government to pay for birth control and abortions...
Yes!!!
Ur right women aren't fools.. but YOU are!
Where were you when the ACA got shoved down our throats "gotta pass it to know what's in it"? Just wondering....
Then stop going Pocahontas
Elizabeth & Bernie, please come back to save us!!
At the time of this tweet you nor any other woman had even seen or read the healthcare bill Quit shit stirring
@sadies_dogpal @SenateGOP All Republicans can focus on is Death and Taxes
Stop lying about the role of Planned Parenthood with women's health care!  You are disgusting.
You should know.  You've told some major whoopers yourself.  How's you Native American heritage doing?
County assistance offices can do the same right. WIC. CHIP or am I wrong. Work together for the people not yourself
SO you're for killing off the middle class?  Why?
Women aren't fools UNLESS they are SUPPORTING A PEDOPHILE. A child molester that is PROUD OF HER ACTIONS and profits from it. Some woman...
i red every fact in the PLANNED PARENTHOOD web site i think u will see how pathetic u sound during this rant .its all there says it anyway
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Warren! That was well stated =)
Better care options exist.  Defund them now.
Ur lying. I'm an accountant & an ICS. I know how money can be moved around. 24% of grants to PP go to abortion. & stop w the "back alley" 
What an interesting tweet. You are the definition of out of touch
@chelseaartcore CMON!  RUN! #Warren2020
Well you spoke the truth,,,You and Hillary sure are NASTY WOMAN,,,
Your wrong every woman that supports you is more than a fool
The lies are coming from the Dems....they can't face reality that Obamacare is a COMPLETE FAILURE!
You argue for WOMEN?  No, only for Feminists and you HATE! men.  You'll be defeated at every turn, because you're a SEXIST!
You can thank me later.
Here's an idea why don't you give up your cushy top notch insurance and have to go through getting insurance like the normal ppl!!!
BWAHAHAHAHA you haven't even read it when you tweeted this sh*t.
We can not have young women dying in nasty rooms. Or sterilize for life because of a botched abortion. If you do not have a V shut Up! ItsWR
I just want the government to stay out of women vagina's.  Lies is what they tell . What you do with your body is between you and God.
Republicans have never cared
Can you show us what 'good healthcare' looks like Senator Warren, please. Fix the Affordable Care Act.
Rah!
Yes Elizabeth Warren!!
Women aren't fools which is why pro-life women know not to support Planned Parenthood.
Ok pocahontas
The real problem is that most of those "men" don't see women as people, just as a place to put their dicks, & are therefore replaceable. 
Elizabeth doesn't know the difference, she lies all the time.
Please keep fighting Sen Warren. No single American more thoroughly motivates conservative voters to get off the sidelines than you.
The rich man who gave a dqmn about our health care
...That Democratic platform plank that provides decent quality health care...for all Americans, as a matter of right & not a privilege. TK 
Do you know the difference @SenWarren ? Because I recall you couldn't tell the difference regarding your heritage back in college...liar.
Good luck with that one Chief Runemupaton
Let this bill pass! When insurance rates double & people start hurting, run against the bill in 2018 and get The Congress back!
No, women aren't but you sure as Hell are.
Actually we are sick of YOU!
Yes everything out of a democrats mouth is a lie!
Pffft. PP supplies irresponsibke women with abortion on demand. It's murder, no matter how much you try to sugarcoat it.
Please don't speak on my behalf!
Its not ignorance of what @PPact does, it's refusal to tolerate women as independent thinkers with free choice over their bodies #Patriarchy
socialism is not for the USA, Free market insurance, health care by federal government is not good , takes power from the people !
I challenge EVERY man to ask the women in their lives (family, friends, & co-workers) have you ever been to a Planned
Parenthood? You'll be surprised by how many say yes! For years when I had no insurance they were the only doctors I
saw. The truth is they provide basic health care for millions of women. If their primary function was providing care
for millions of men, cialis, viagra, and penis pumps would you still be fighting against them?  STOP THIS WAR ON WOMEN
U ladies better stick together these losers r out to put u back in the dark ages band together ladies
Frankly, I'm sick of your face, your voice, and especially your lies.
Keep up the good work! We need you!
@ViewFromWise @SenateGOP Some women are just THAT @AGPamBondi: It's How an ALL WHITE jury of women convicted #ConnieThompson @FBI
Do i hear your voice echoing in that empty chamber Liz?
If you know the difference between reality and lies why are you a democrat?

Does you hate herself and other women? Or is it that you just haven't looked at the true facts about Planned Parenthood?
@SenWarren I'm sick of you having to explain Planned Parenthood too, but keep doing it until they get it!!! Keep up the good fight!
you know better then why do you and Hillary lie so much?an the the empty rhetoric ?
WE are SICK of YOU and any/ALL of Congress using TAXPAYERS MONEY to FUND @PPFA!! No more funds for Baby Chop Shops! @skoster10
Senator Warren, do you think the African American community would support planned parenthood if they knew the motivations of it's founder?

Men aren't fools, either, Pocahontas.
YOU are lying as well.
#Obamacare is FORCED FRAUDULENT #healthcare.
#Communism #HealthcareBill #MAGA
since you support sharia law that means you don't care about women's rights
women get the same care as they always had.Your lying about whats in it.We where lied about what was in obamacare.No paying for abortions
l want MM TO DIE.
Fools don't endorse Sanders.  You blew it.
Again...if Obamacare is so good, why do we need Planned Parenthood? Seems like a waste of monies by Dems (again).
If you're so sick, consider a different career
Meadowbrook Women's Clinic in high-brow Edina has ALWAYS  offered a "D & C" to wealthy women pre-RvW & have lawyers lock up & sue protesters
I just recently drive past the PP that gave me BC when my local clinic VIOLATED MY PRIVACY in 1982 GOP forced pelvic exam, pregnancy test -
& std test every GODDAMN 6 months to re-Rx regardless of chastity. & Sent detailed Bill to parents when I was an adult!! #notgoingback
Still Pissed off after menopause & I vote every election. Stop legislating #perversepregnancyriskfetishists
You dont have explain Viagra or Cialis to them they understand that. Just shows the only head that they do think with
I'm scared almost to death! Isn't mental health care, health care?
Not all women are fools, just those who voted for trump. 
The message of the Democratic party is now "we hate Republicans"; RESIST - what a f'n joike.
Thank God we have someone like you Elisabeth warrens to explain & defend all of us. It takes courage, love, & understanding.
Many Thanks
@ViewFromWise Absolutely keep up the good fight for us women Sen.Warren your awesome
Thankful for you Senator Warren
@CelaineF.... on their own.  Now WE have  DNA!!!  But it is must say DNA needs to be studied more carefully!
PP campaigned heavily for Hillary.  They're Political.  They don't need Taxpayer dollars funding them.
Dear @SenateGOP : What have we ever done to you to make you so vindictive?
We work hard, pay our taxes; yet in secret you KNOCK US DOWN
WHY?
@CelaineF.... their little secret or their babies were taking at birth and given to a married couple.  Girls were left to cope with rape ...
@CelaineF .... stay funded! In those days men who raped their daughters and boys who raped their sisters,  abortion was easy way to keep.
The rich are taking everything away from the poor including  healthcare . Sad!
Any senator that votes for the GOP health act will be voted out of office!
@CelaineF I  remember in the 70's and before  the was so much rape and iscest, I wonder why.....I new exactly why PLANNED PARENTHOOD to
Thank you for fighting for us
Yes you would since you and D'rats are pros at lies-"keep your dr" "pass it to see what is in it" #f'nhypocrites
Lies you Dems up there are full of them Obamacare a disaster our family of 5 has no insurance. You only care about votes #GohelpyourMAVets
Seneca County Commissioners,  Tiffin Ohio, fund abortion thur Juvenile Court, where records are sealed not public available. She is a liar
Your the biggest liar in the Senate.  You fraudulently lied about your ancestry to advance your career.
Women arnt (fooled) by your lies bloody warren
no Lizzie, you are indeed a fool.. who only supports women who think just like you- #Hypocrite
Bloody goofy Warren pandering for women's vote
  Trying to scare the he'll out of them With lies
REALITY is #PlannedParenthood has MURDERED over 55 MILLION babies since Roe v Wade. LIES are that they are not babies. YOU should be ashamed
Most women are not fools.  You do not make the grade Liarwarths!
Sorry for typo. LIARWARTHA
Email Senator McConnell https://www.mcconnell.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contactform …
You are lying.
@SenWarren I'd like to agree.... but,this was a missed opportunity
If planned parenthood catered to men and provided Viagra they would be funded until the end of time
 she hit the nail right on the head
Keep persisting
I have to beg to differ @senWarren.
Over 50% of white women (NOT ME) VOTED FOR Trump. 
That's beyond foolish. It's suicidal.
You don't know the difference in anything. You can't even remember if your Native American! I bet you did on your college application!

Well, one of you are fools Sen Warren...
Trumpcare cuts one trillion from Medicare and Medicaid for a 600b tax cut for the wealthy.
James...sometimes cuts are not a bad thing, especially federal programs that spend unchecked.
Why is adventures of science interpreted in this way?
Why is the adventures of science interpreted in this manner? Hope I have sort my grammar a little bit

