One person losing coverage is too much.
Not if they didn't want it!
When they don't want it and get seriously ill or hurt...we all pay for it.
Freedom doesn't mean you can opt out of responsibility.
Exactly! Worked in healthcare for decades. The cost of uninsured Americans is a much bigger financial burden, than insuring them. #Math
Maybe..but only if all those millions that didn't want it end up in hospital. As they get older they wld prob pick it up. Need more data!
Lots of young healthy ppl get injured in accidents, sick as well. Wouldn't take millions.
Without everyone insured older ppl can't afford it
....and lots do not. "Without everyone insured older ppl can't afford it" - not a true statement!
Ok, I consider myself a pretty good driver so I'll just drop my car ins.
I don't use all the roads so I'll just pay part of my taxes.
Can you propose amendment that each Senator must agree to accept same level of care they vote for, w/ their votes recorded? @AARPadvocates
Why do you have the same healthcare plan as I do? If they don't, vote them out.
Wrong.  Different, SUSTAINABLE HC choices do not = losing health care
Thethey don't have a sustainable plan. They only have plans to end health insurance for millions
Please cite the link with the final proposal. I'll wait.
They don't have one, only plans that the CBO scored poorly. That's why they are so sneaky and secretive.
At least you admit u judge in kneejerk fashion.
If u care about sick people u should encourage Dem leadership to quit sitting on their thumbs while ObamaCare goes up in flames
We are doing everything in our power to ensure that does not happen! I have emailed both my Senators. I am deaf so calls don't work for me.
Do you even know or bother to recognize how many millions of people have lost coverage BECAUSE of the current aca? Staggering numbers!
I have already lost it and I will not take hand outs,I have my OWN MONEY to pay for my OWN HEALTH INSURANCE and in need of seeing a DR too!
Same  here Debbie.  I have always had good health care...IT comes with having a good job and being able to take care of yourself
Having a good job isn't guarantee of healthcare.What if you lose it?Bye healthcare.Have u heard of MS,Lupus, Cancer? what about an accident?
I'm 60...stayed with one company to retire after 20...now over 20 at present outfit and retiring i another 3 years
@Senator n mcCain I beg you not to vote Yes on Skinny Bill, PLEASE. THEY WILL LEAVE YOU HANGING YOU OUT TO DRU,PLEASE
TrumpCare is Deathcare not BetterCare or SkinnyCare either America! Lives over Money GOP grow a Back Bone & stand up for millions of people
@SenWarran BEG YOU don't vote yes on Skinny bill PLEASE
@Sen. Richard Shelby(Al) Vote no on ACA, I BEG YOU, PLEASE
How about they get a job and pay for them?
Why would they lose their healthcare? If they are not providing for themselves, this is the threat always over their heads.
You tell em, Pocahontas!
The Senate shld be replaced with people who give  a shit, not self serving self-catering w - man like you Warren
Most of them don't want health insurance, much less mandates to buy government mandated insurance.
What a perfect example of why free markets are better than government run programs. Insurance companies left and Warren thinks that's ok.
But I think Warren actually understands Obamacare can't survive. That only leaves politics as her motivation - where is her sense of duty?
You mean health care INSURANCE, right? There's almost no insurance companies offering policies for15 to 23 million people so why defend?
Stop the fearmongering.
So sad
You should be held accountable for the people currently suffering under ObamaCare, lady. Wonder how many counts of murder that would be.
The GOP became the KBG aid Trumpski, protect the and act in secrecy to mess up American people !
Those who don't have it now are small bus owners who can't afford it. Let's give it to the poor who don't contribute. How will that work?
exactly why single payer is the answer, equally distributed tax that everyone pays, including the poor, and everyone has equal access
I'm actually OK with single-payer as a base for everyone, then free-enterprise for more benefits if desired.
Then let's back up Bernie,he nailed it here,explained how corrupt Insurance& pharmacy lobbying have us like this
#ObamaCare has already lost millions of people! It's doomed like your comedy career! @chelseahandler
Chelsea is doing just fine. 
Does he even know what is in the "skinny repeal"? Does he read? Did he miss his civics class in school? #DumpTrump
And I quote Nancy Pelosi..."we have to pass the bill to see what's in it!"
Way out of context. ACA was open for all to see, no secrets even with all the lies GOP has spread they can't deny that.
Definition of "Losing"-- You WILL be FREE to get Insurance anywhere you like and not have to worry about our GOVT Fucking it up.
Elizabeth Warren  please respond,  why didn't ya worry about that when ACA was being discussed? Why r u not on ACA?
More people lost their ins. when obamacare was forced on us. And just like U lied about ur heritage,I now lie about the Skinny plan
good Christ.
75% of those people losing health care DON'T EVEN WANT IT SENATOR! Who are You to force it upon them?
More bullshit!
Yaaaaaaawn!!!!
If you'll going to pay for Transgender medical needs then all of us others wants a facelift boob job and other beauty needs paid. No discrim
The same back room you morons used when you passed the ACA?
Who cares when your deductible is 7 grand you have no insurance
And you will continue to lie about having Indian relatives.....
My sister & I will be uninsured. Might as well die!
What GOP is doing is reckless they need to start over & work in a non partisan way. Take it to committee! Get feedback! Stop the secrets!
hey Pocahontas, every day you pathologic liars, democrats, come up with diff numbers! 20mil illegals no free care,good thing
Don't do it!!! Senators: say NO. Anything less will hurt and kill people. Wrong! Bad! Do the correct thing instead.
yea, and only 17 million of them are willingly giving up their lousy, overpriced obamacare policies. Left out that little detail
Do you have any republican FRIENDS you could actually to talk to and work with instead of tweeting at this time?
R'sdrafting new HC bill @ lunch today plan to vote on  bill tonight!No score from the CBO No time 2 Rview call ur Sen202-224-3121 noskinnyHC
There are no republicans left. Call them what they are. Home grown Terrorists. @SenateGOP
DO note that happen !! I know you have some Republican friends ! Persuade them to do a no on the vote !!!
Do NOT let that happen
Heaven help us, please no.
It won't only be the loss of #healthcare but the loss of thousands of healthcare jobs
Well then, what's your grand plan? Do you have anything? All you do is criticize.
How is that a choice at all??
All DemocRATS are liars people don't trust them any more
Again, not losing, choosing not to purchase it. BIG difference.
They're not "losing" health care- they are choosing not to budget for it. Your scare tactics are hack.
Quit your lying Pocahontas It's 15 million that would voluntarily not take health ins. We're sick of paying for illegals and lazy Americans
Again senator Warren another lie the 15million drop in coverage is the ones That Won't be mandated to stay on Ocrapacare
What can we do to remove these #FilthyBastards ? I'm so hurt for families too scared to live in this land of the free and home of the brave.
Mostly, illegal things happen in back rooms, but that's where they're sending people to live, work; perform dangerous abortions. #FilthyRotn
Clearly that is the plan. Pass something so the House and Senate can commiserate on this thing in secret.
Complain complain complain...
Dems will be blamed for not voting for the garbage bill they create thereby leaving all these people in the lurch pre-2018. MUST NOT REPEAL
No, the REPUBLICANS have been and always WILL be the REAL PROBLEM when it comes to the poor & middle class! Been around long enough to see.
Only people bitching are the ones getting it free or really cheap
There's not that many on ACA bout 10.3 million
I'm tired of paying for others healthcare and their bad decisions... Your stupidity is endless, so is your foaming at the mouth.
Why can't the democrats just find that bloody Piss video! I am looking, but they have more resources.....
And the hospitals, pharma, and insurance companies weren't making huge profits before Obama care? Who are you trying to kid?
I call bs on this one.
Giving the health bill a trendy new twist "skinny repeal" doesn't change anything. Nice try McConnell.
Genocide on American soil.
A last chance negotiation among desperate people who will all go straight to hell. Do not pass go - just straight to hell...
Please help us!
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
As a small business owner who pays every penny of his $593/mo premium I'll be screwed if Rs destroy individual insurance market.
Buy choice. The government should not force anybody to get insurance
That's good! repeal Obamacare!! Wait wrong page. This one's full of liberals
Don't forget skinny repeal creates adverse selection in the market, sick enroll, healthy don't, driving up rates for the most in need.
Thankyou.
When GOP calls Trumpcare "skinny," the health care recipient, receives the anorexic care of Ryan-McConnell evil genius.
#fauxcahontas
We must unite and stop @GOP !
Yep, that sounds like a GOP plan all right.  Millions lose health care, GOP takes a "win" and Americans die.  Got to flip Congress in 2018.
Skinny repeal = collapse of entire individual market.No mandate =>few young/well people =>higher premiums => fewer sign ups => death spiral
It will go back to what it was before 20-22 million people without insurance and the market blown up
There is no skinny repeal. It's simply a way to get a bill to conference, then they'll tear that up. Freedom Caucus said Skinny repeal dead
GOP is all backroom.  Irresponsible and reactionary.
Fake news!Let's talk real news DEBBIE WASSERMAN!Hmmoh she's like you,Clinton to name a couple & a dem! Oh FN doesn't talk abt real news!
#AHCA @AARP @cnnbrk @DNC @gop @abcnews @CBSNews @MSNBC @FoxNews @cspan @whitehouse @senategop @rnc  @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi  @un 45TAX
How anout 0M ?
What do you suppose is the acceptable # of deaths in order for them to cleanse themselves from Obama?
Say "will not be able to affordable health care."
Such a hard choice
@neeratanden @GOP Not "losing." Choosing not to buy. We know the difference. Do you?
Totally sickening that the Senate could even consider taking away Americas healthcare, bc it doesn't concern them, they don't care about us
None of what they want is going to pass!  They will be hurting their own voters!  Do they even know what they want?
If the Sentate passes "Skinny repeal" may God have mercy on their souls! They will have to live with the horrible consequences!
(3) Except this time government is part of the problem. We need an exorcism. And this is really a good time to do it. Major trauma calls for
(2) Controbutions to pacs need to be revealed. I'm sure it's huge and exists in both parties. Throughout history corp have been busted.
Why is it so important to pass NOW? Aren't u all supposed to speak for the people? When did this change?
PS O'care not accepted at the Mayo Clinic so only the rich can go there.
(1)This bickering only proves collusion with healthcare industry. If it wasn't people would be seeking a resolution already.
Soooooooooo how is that different than O'care? You just don't get it do you?  You subsidized 10M citizens at the expense of the rest of us.
Maybe we'll be lucky and they'll compromise with premiums only going up by 15% instead of 20.
I think you mean choosing to leave the mandated Obamacare.
And of course it would be a "males only filled room"
And everyone is going to Die...blah blah
Better than 100 million
 You people don't have any solutions.
You seem to spend an excessive amount of time on tweeter. Don't you have anything else to do for the citizens of Mass?
This is just awful. Really, how do these people sleep at night. Are they going to have a Paul Ryan kegger after in the Rose Garden?
I am so disgusted with this whole process. We need to put rules in to stop this madness.
Yet they call themselves pro life ... they r disgusting. Ask them for me why their lives HC is more important than ours? We count too 
If GOP pases skinny bill, they all deserve to go without taxpayer provided healthcare!  This GOP=despicable, deplorable, disgusting, callous
#fakenews #Pocahontas
Give away the country! Indian, not!!!
When are YOU And the Lazy democrats going to get off your Asses and work with the republicans on this issue?
Hope ur one of em.  Pocahontas!
keep persisting! The woke women will continue to fight for the rights of all people! Making calls daily and not giving up!
Tons of ideology, bereft of ideas. Directionless regulation of 18% of the economy will create a new Republican recession. Job loss = HUGE
The best Healthcare will be when the demos on Republicans pay for everybody
Democrats should have fought for single payer when they had a supermajority in 2010. No excuses...
This appears to be #GOP version of "health care"--ripping it away from millions who need it, Republican or Democrat.
Kinda like the democrats did to get Obamacare


Kill the hydra bill!
If Skinny Bill passes & Republicans in conference decide WHO gets NO #Healthcare #Trumpcare 15-22 million. 
Do they KILL by race, sex, age?
There should be no compromise single payer
And how many of those who will "lose" will be happily doing so because the mandate goes away!  Be honest!
A 2X cancer survivor who paid ins.From the age 16 now at 58. I can't afford ins. WE deserve the same coverage as GOVT. Nothing less
Remember when you  could secure your future working for a good corp?  I did everything  right survived cancer but not corporate greed !
We bailed Wall Street and the banks out it's time to bail the American people out!
People are in their 60s and loosing jobs just before retirement ! With NO MEDICAL!  The baby boomers are Doomed!   Protect us !!
people are employed by agencies or P.T.because no one wants to help anyone pay their medical this  must change!  Medicare for all tax payers
I'm on hold heller.....hold music is ....annoying at a time like this....how dare u pretend to be patriotic.
Thanks for the "Skinny", on the "Skinny" Senator..
Pocahontas lies!
Lies lies lies

Here's my idea for fixing health care in 6 tweets. Thoughts? https://twitter.com/TanyaGrahamDVM/status/889662329247465472 …
What R U talking abt? U care abt us? What abt my fam? Husband w/cancer care too exp now, i have none, in our 60s, ACA broke us. U Care? NO!!
It's discusting.
Only 10.4 million on Obamacare so how are 15 million going to lose it
Weird
You mean 24m people will have Insurance
Small gov @GOP types want gov out of healthcare. Why? They have healthcare. They aren't in need. And a tax cut makes it even sweeter.
And all the while GOP senators on camera telling the country that Dems will not come to the table & help work all this out. Great.
Malignant and malicious action without any public input or accountability
Obamacare is so bad the so called millions you say will lose coverage have already lost it. They can't afford to use it!!!!
More than that.. Employer mandate is gone too. Mine will drop like a Trump stuffed animal. Pre existing condition, so I'm screwed.
The girths of all the Senators voting for the "skinny repeal" should be affixed to their vote in the official record. Only fair, right? @GOP
backroom? You mean like you did in 2009? Give it a rest. The 23mm people pay the penalty instead of the premiums. Joke
How nice
And what's your solution to fixing Obamacare?
Help me to not hate the republicans! It's not good for my health.
Whatever did we do before Nobamacare? I HAD affordable insurance, along with a low deductible. Nobamacare screwed me, and my family !!
We The People Demand The Full Senate Work Together (Remember The Word BiPartisan) To Formulate HC For All Americans & They Get The Same Plan
Senate, House, Congress Not Above The Rest Of Americans With Special HC Plan Or Exemptions, They Formulate Plan 4 All!
This sounds like a game of , what's that term. Oh yeah, COLLATERAL DAMAGE. Some of us are going to die, GOP is just trying to determine...
what is an acceptable number for them to sleep comfortably with.
The  American people know you're lying. You Democrats tripled premiums of working middle class Americans to pay for for other ppl premiums.

Ok...so you all got elected to care for your nation but your leaders will haggle over how many people get health care...sounds like good gov
Of those how many will be those who choose not to. Y forced healthcare, illegal aliens no longer on Medicaid, any demographics?
Please correct if I am wrong, but "Skinny Repeal" has not been scored by the CBO and would this need 60 votes? If I've understood Sen Rules?
Here's a clue...The GOP could care less about the American people. They care about insurance companies stuffing their greedy pockets.
#GOP #WhatPartOfNFWDontYouHear
#NoCutsNoCaps Vote NO senators! Mandate is to #ProtectOurCare #FixACA #SaveMedicaid
Are there any skinny liars in the Senate? Scumbag liars come in many sizes, right Liz? Let me post a picture of a liar to compare.
McCain will vote for it. His no vote was grandstanding
Single payer system
Sounds like they'll land on 19MM and be very happy.  Good Lord.  Save us from these heartless souls.
Ironically, there's nothing skinny about the fat cats working to destroy our #healthcare. (Np offense to cats intended.)
We want the SENATE to have OUR HEALTH CARE package! Even tho most in the senate are SO RICH they can outright buy their own care NOTAXCUT
Can they stop playing political football with our healthcare?Just fix the ACA and quit playing nasty games.Trump promised great healthcare.
Our democracy is not working as efficiently as it should.
Hay Pocahauntis,are these people loosing health care the 15-23M that Obama put onto Medicaid that were not actually qualified 4 the program
And 70% of them the freedom to CHOSE not to purchase health care, which is what they wish
Lying fraud.
Hmm.. so how many can they kill, that would shock us into action? I think anything under 50% is acceptable losses to this America.
Quit telling lies, Lie-awatha.
All these people participating in Obama care yet my cost have gone up every year since. Dems got in this mess. Not the Republicans.
GOP courting doom.  Healthcare is THE issue
Another moron that can't add or tell the truth. How can 15 mil lose something only 10 mil signed up for.
We lost when the nauseous twat came to power. We lose every time he opens his mouth. Now people will suffer so his ego can shine.. great 
#Obamacare fails everybody will lose their Ins and it is your fault! You should be happy the #Republicans are saveing your Pocahontas ass
Did this fail?! Besides Dems - who are the heroes we can thank for doing the right thing?!
@GOP GENOCIDE BILL KILLS MILLIONS - @SenDeanHeller - my brother will be one of them! Be a conscientious objector & vote NO on "skinny" bill
