Notice the word "access" though. How very GOP...disappointed. Access doesn't = affordable
You are not entitled to the product of the labor of others.  Ever.  Not once.  Never ever ever.  Everyone who wants to purchase it can.
What about roads? Schools? Safe medicine & food & transport??? All paid for w/ labor from others (all os us, collectively).
Yes.  Stealing sucks at every level.
It does and that's why we need to stop the insurance and drug companies from gouging us robbing us blind
You know what I do when something I want is too high in price?  I don't buy it.  God bless freedom and liberty.
Right. But what if you need it?
Like. Literally. To survive. Or your kids need it to survive.
And i enjoy having roads, personally. If you think they suck, I guess you don't have to use them.
You two are so blind it is incredible. I hope neither of you reach the P office good by America
Someone else's time and money is NOT your right. That's stealing
The military before everybody and keeps the Homeland safe. Healthcare subsidized by taxpayers does not benefit the taxpayer
Healthcare for all would crush the economy
how can every other industrialized country on earth offer it to their citizens...?
1. We pay for their national defense 2. They don't have 330 million citizens 3. Their economies are crumbling and moving to free market
I support Single Payer, Medicaid for all, Universal Healthcare. What ever you call it, get it done please.
@realDonaldTrump WARREN FOR PRESIDENT !!!
I love how everyone uses the term "moral obligation" when it's something THEY want and especially if it's against Trump.
I think @TheACCIC is right about health insurance... they should pay for their billion $ cancer treatment out of pocket, the lazy shites
Amen!
You misunderstand. If you think we should pay for our own health care then you don't need insurance. Pay for it yourself
Amen!

Insurance is a middleman scam.
STOP SAYING THE FUCKING WORD ACCESS
Everyone has it. Has.
Not being able to get treatment because you can't afford it is not access.
No, you are wrong. amend the constitution if you want it to be a right
Earn your Keep!  simple!
Oh, brother.
Did you vote for the Democrat candidate in the GE?
Nave you should have been pushing the other cult members to do the same? No matter now but a far left ticket would have had worse results.
If healthcare is a right,  are you personally going to take care of my medicals needs when Im sick?
Please show me in the Constitution where that RIGHT is stated? You cant. because it isnt there.
My father sold health insurance for 50 of his 78 years of life. I remember him saying in 1978 that if the Gov't gets involved ppl will die!
Brother's situation. He told me that people would NOT get the treatment they deserved. He was spot on. I think abt what he wld say now
And way before you were born, I am sure, pre-existing conditions were reviewed as people did have to be examined by a Dr provided by the Ins
This is #BankFraudBernie 's contribution to healthcare #NoCredibility #Hypocrite
You know what would end all problems with the VA? MEDICARE FOR ALL!
If CAPITAL HILL MEMBERS have healthcare, then everyone should have healthcare at a reasonable cost.
Better: Force Congress members and their families use the same health insurance as everyone else.
False. Health care is not a right.
In what way is it a right? It is a product and service. You dont get to compel people to work for you. You have the right to provide for you
Great discussion. This has been a fantastic example of political discourse.
Its not a right! If so, WHY did I pay so much for it???Its not a priviledge either. Its a responsibility. But God forbid u should teach that
as a nation thats something we have to work on 2gether this nation only 241yrs we are babby in this so we have to tke  time and get it rght
Our government is business in many ways, I was made aware of student loan interest tax limits only during pay back.
B.S. It's a right to have religious freedom! It's a right to pay for insurance of our own choosing or not and not be forced to buy insurance
Stop pretending you really care about the average Americans health. You have a choice and it isn't ObamaCare. Why do you suppose that is?
How can healthcare be a right when there is no obligation to provide the service?
Thank you Bernie!
Health care is a right but what is being done about missles being lobbed at us? No planet, no need for healthcare.
Thank you ,for your voice, why would anyone not want healthcare for all,it makes a safer America for All
I think it is because it would mean that less money would go to  the 1%; who already have so much money !!
It most certainly is a moral obligation. Those that deny it are sick! #Have some Humanity!
Dems want government to pay, Republicans want to bankrupt people...but the problem of exaggerated costs persist either way...
..U should be forced to be on obummercare!!
....sure do if they pay for it!!   If not ...they can do something!   All senators should have to be on obummercare!
What value do insurance companies provide?
Let them access #healthcare, with their own #money!
Met couple from Canada. They say people are questioned at the border about Opinion of Trump. Bad opinion, you can not cross border anywhere.
I'm a teacher between jobs. My Cobra payment will be $1500.00 for a month till my other coverage begins. I can't afford this.
Having access to medical is vastly different than forcing people to buy into the ACA!
NOW Warren supports Bernie.  Where was she in the 2016 Democratic primaries when she could have helped Bernie's campaign?
Liar, can you spell MEDICAID. What the heck are all the costs assoc. with that for? NO, GET GOV'T out of the private market. Don't F that up
CONGRATULATIONS  to the SENATORS who gave their voto for that... FIRST HUMAN RIGHT THAT HAS THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
YES, YOU HAVE REASON.. "HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT, NOT A PRIVILEGE".
Yes that's true but the outrageous cost is killing me you pay nothing it's a free government workers mine goes up every year
Not just access. A lot of us have "access"... We just can't realistically access the "access". ;)
My taxes support your war at a much greater cost in lives and $. A pittance of that will cover health care for all. #meanpeoplesuck
Hear hear!
Go #Bernie2020 !! Liz what have you done with your #DNC cronies to insure affordable healthcare 4 all #Americans ? #DNCReform #BetterPlan
In "the greatest nation on earth" companies pay such low wages that their employees live on foodstamps, welfare & public housing (koch bros)
Maybe some facts on the Charlie Gard case will help your argument https://reaction.life/charlie-gard-facts/ … good luck
Then it must be equal premiums and deductibles for all.
Please @SenWarren run for Prez with @SenSanders as your vice. First female prez, check. First socialist vice, check. Best 4 years EVER!! Plz
I'm not sure if health care is a right or not. But I'm sure it's as legitimate a right as having an immense personal fortune is.
We love our health care in Canada. What's taking you guys in the USA so long?
Have U ppl not notice GOP not do anything 4 poor, elderly, disabled, children except give them the shaft when & where ever they can.
They only say that because of a black brother like me
@macmommamary @SenSanders BUT IT WAS NOT HIS IDEA.
I RT'd because I agree w/ the statement that healthcare is a human right
fact that @SenWarren quoted Sanders meh! I wish it wasn't on there
Get a job have insurance.
WAKE UP!! Healthcare IS NOT a right. It's a commodity service provided by people and companies. The ability to BUY healthcare is a right!
#MedicareForAll has the word ALL in it. We need more than access. We need everyone to be covered. You know that. Work with Bernie...
As utilities are deemed necessary commissions and therefore, regulated, so should insurance companies be so as to prevent price gouging.
No, it's not in the constitution-just like clean air and water. But it's just as fundamental and needs to be a civic responsibility.
Oh, you were so close! Then you blew it with that f*cking "access" word. We don't need 'access' to healthcare; we need #healthcare!
Healthcare is not a right!
YES!!
Bernie, I know you and Elizabeth need to keep the ball rolling, but your both wearing out base. Powder getting wet too soon before big fight
I personally do not wish to pay for health coverage for anyone who smokes... how many health related issues arise from that is ridiculous!
How many time must you be told.  The only RIGHT you have to healthcare, is the RIGHT to purchase it. It's a freekin Commodity
Healthcare is NOT a right. You want to provide free healthcare to everyone? Do it on your own dime.
Notice she doesn't ever say FREE.  Her motive, keep the MANDATE in place, it's know as control.  We can make you do it.
Gov't should be out of healthcare. #PersonalResponsibility.  There should be no EMTALA, No Medicaid, No CHIP etc.
People raising so much hell over Ocare.  A mandate you must purchase or pay a fine just doesn't make sense.  Yet they fight repeal?  Crazy
True!!
Funny I thought Morals would take precedence over bull shit.
Are you preparing to support his run for potus in 2020 then?
Are you interested in investing in binary trade and making up to $4000 weekly. contact me on whatsapp with +19292545358 or send me a message
There is no moral high ground in virtue signalling away resorces of your country to make name for yourself in SJW halls of fame.
Warren/Sanders 2020!
Get single payer done please
We at least owe it to the struggling seniors. They get left in the shadows far too much. #refightNS
Go back to the reservation pocahontas.
...and? Please Elizabeth, just say it #SinglePayer
I guess I missed that right when we studied the Constitution and Bill of Rights...
So you destroy our health care system with ObamaCare?
Then give me your address to send you my monthly bill so you can pay my high cost plan that covers nothing
Ok so who exactly is going to pay for my high monthly plan that covers nothing? You are full of it
BERNIE SANDERS FOR HELPED ELECT TRUMP ALL BECAUSE OF BERNIE OR BUST SUPPORTERS.   YOUR A GOP LOVER.   FACE IT LIZZY
DONT YOU DARE SIDE WITH GOP SANDERS LIZZY.     DONT YOU DARE.   OR WE WILL THROW YOU OUT TOO.
It makes economic sense. We are all paying for everyone's healthcare anyway. Give people access to preventative care and save us millions.
Agreed, but dems need to put forth and publish proposed legislative solutions for bipartisan debate
Agree with you both
Now you support Senator Sanders? Where was your support for him when America needed you most?
Thank you. Well said
Access to it? Or actually has it??  Big difference.
What insurance are you on? Guarantee it's NOT from the ACA. #hypocrites #dumbdumbleft #FakeNewsCNN
How did that universal health Care help Charlie Gard?the death panel said no treatment for you. And he died.ACA is imploding. #idiocracy
Access to healthcare is a republican talking point. We want healthcare for all. Period. I have access to buy a 1 mil house. Can't afford it.
Just think what the debate would be right now if you had endorsed Bernie during the primary. #DraftBernie #SinglePayer
If you really care about us little people you'll give us the same insurance you & all of congress has
Time for single payer
Exactly
Unfortunately health care AND the government are sponsored largely by big pharma. Either way we are screwed
Once, "healthcare" might've been herbs, poultice, sawbones. Now  scientific, complex, intense, and public (prevention). Must have public aid
Sanders/Warren 2020!
Tell that to @UNCG. I can't get from job that'll cover my meds (temp) and UNCG says I'm ineligible because I'm online student.
Why don't you start with cancelling the congressional exemption to Obamacare.
You really must study the Constitution dear. It is not a right.
"Access to it" Why not just "Have it"
Thank you for standing united for all of us. So proud #theresistance
All members of Resistance must pullout of the street and start bulding workshops on health care.
They have always had access. You are just trying to take over healthcare and make it shitty and unaffordable.
Ever thought of taking actions like endorsing candidates whom you pretend to praise?
Then make it cheaper for people to have it.
I believe health care is a human right in this country. As long as the environment can  make you ill, they should be covered .
Far left or far right are too far out to consider the American people. We must meet in the center to solve this debacle we call government .
Hell ya
I think you should move to a communist country you'd be happy
I think you are a troll. I am going to pass on that info.
Single Payer
It is fiscally conservative.
What's not to like?
Everyone has always had access to it just not access for me to pay for it
Health, and the ability to participate in a happy productive life.
The benefits of living well and access to quality accessible and affordable healthcare.
Why just healthcare -- why not free food, water, clothes, housing?
#Medicare4All


Please focus your efforts not on insurance but rather lowering the ridiculous cost of healthcare in the USA
If you hadn't backed HRC perhaps we won't be where we are right now. Learn from your mistakes stop going to the dark side
If it is in fact a right to have health care. It should be free Universal Health Care. As a right.
Healthcare should not be teathered to employment. It's not good for employees, employers or the self employed!
America thrives off the labor of others. Healthcare is something everyone should be entitled too. If your work force is sick then what
You better get the rest of Your Peers on board, or we may very well continue to lose control of our Democracy!!!!!! Schumer Pelosi must WTFU
I don't hear Warren fighting for it like Bernie. Actions speaker louder than words.
Why change Obama care when Trump can just get someone to make one of his own and let the people chose which one they want to use.
I'm curious Senator , when did Congress aquire morals ? BTW I'm being very serious.
Congress members ARE ONLY loyal to all of your handlers
Everyone?? The whole entire world?
Health promotes wealth! Without your health, you have nothing. Without affordable healthcare insurance, those willing to pay it pay more!
All that has been done is you have forced people into coverage they can't afford and penalize them if that don't use it.
So thankful for Senators that stood up for their constituents despite political pressure.
Well I'm tired of my premiums going up every year to PAY for the right as you say Get over yourselves and start acting like you care for all
I think u are wrong. It is not it right to expect tax payers to pay for your health care.
I'm with you senator Warren.  Keep up the good fight for us!
P44.
I couldn't agree more
Well them we need to get rid of insurance companies and make hospitals charge real amounts, not insurance amounts...THEN government fund it.
ACA has nothing to do with providing healthcare....it is about insurance.....
Let's work together and keep our country great as it always has been we never lost greatness but we are being led to believe we have. @CNN
If only privileged people have access to healthcare a whole class of individuals will become extinct. No system is perfect.
Life. Liberty. Pursuit of happiness. Health care is life.
32 million will lose insurance if A.C.A. goes away.
SETH RICH
Thank you. The First Amendment!! Right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Not if it is so high priced as your screwed up Obamacare traitor
What about the parents of a child with a brain tumour Mr Prez? U think it's cute to threaten to implode their help. U make me sick
Universal Health Care 4 ALL Americans we are the richest nation but yet we have the poorest Health Care #WTFTRUMP
Then why didn't either of you vote for the single-payer amendment yesterday? I know it was a stunt, but still...
Your "RIGHT" is to work pay for insurance, GOVT IS NOT A INSURANCE COMPANY. the "PRIVILEGE" is living in this soon to be GREAT NATION AGAIN.
Yes, it should be a reght! Can you imagine what would Mcain have done without that great insurance that the White House provide?
Doesn't mean the Gov pays for it .
I strongly believe that to have something such as healthcare you most earn and work hard for instead of it being handed to you
I respectfully disagree. It probably should be a right, but it is not a right. Healthcare in the U. S. has always been a privilege.
We either need government paid for healthcare or leave it to the choice of the people to buy insurance or not.
Show me in the Constitution where it lists healthcare as a right and I will agree. Otherwise FO
I'm for single-payer, but I couldn't agree less. This is just sloppily worded. Healthcare is not a right.
We are all Americans we all labor together for the good of one another so why is healthcare not part of working for common good.
Sen. Warren, if you truly believe this then the only humane answer is universal health care, single-payer health insurance!
Access yes given to them off others NO!!!  Open the borders to allow companys to cross the state lines. Real simple.
"Access" is your Republican code word for status quo - keeping Obamacare / Romneycare exactly as it it. #SinglePayer
Welcome to the first world ...
Did everyone see Pocahontas celebrate as millions of Americans were screwed by the Senate last night
Why is so difficult for the Republican Party to simply do what's morally right?
Then why did you fight to kill "Repeal and Replace"...I betting your health coverage is not with ObamaCare...#DoItForAmerica
AMEN!
U gov people need to stay out or our lives. U can't even run the VA. Let alone run our government.
U r so wrong. Healthcare is a choice. Should not be forced on any American. Working Americans can buy their own by choice not mandates.

#UNIVERSALHEALTHCARE
It is a privilege not a right...if you are an adult and never contributed why should you get it paid for by tax payers?
Why can't wee the people, have access to yours. Why? Get to work quit whineing
@SenWarren I support you wholeheartedly. I just really really wished you would have been as vocal in support of @SenSanders during election.
Salam
I agree
Of course Health care is a right, not a privilege.
I agree with Bernie about single payer, but won't ACA have to be repealed first?
You guys shouldn't be leeching off of the hard working people.
Your a lil late lady !!!
Healthcare has never been a right.
You are both wrong.
Everyone does have access to it #Pocahontas. No one wants to do their part and take responsibility to pay for their healthcare
WITHOUT GOV. CONTROL OVER DR'S
u guys pass budgets to bomb the crap out of Middle East for your oil interests, but healthcare at home? Controversial
Yes, both access to appropriate health care and food is a right for all Americans.  Neither is a privilege.
Your moral obligation would be to have the same health care as the rest of America. Your morals are in favor of yourself.
Not a right. It IS however the individual's responsibility to work to buy things they need/want. Next thing Libs will push for is free cars.
