Carson isn't fit to run a lemonade stand.
Hi Russian troll!


now, here is someone that doesn't know what he is talking about
These #Liberal Hypocrites cry Trump Admin not "Diverse in color" enough but yet Stomp on #BenCarson-their ACLU rules dont apply here. LOL
I moved from Mexico, now I live in Mexico! SMDH!
.@SenWarren @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump If they've rightly earned the contract, it doesn't matter. Perhaps you focus on more important issues?
Basically Warren doesn't want Trumps sons getting any contract EVEN if they do it cheaper
Perhaps the question should be 'Can you promise not Saudi Money will end up in the Clinton Foundation.
Truth!
Warren needs to pay back the money she scammed the govt. for her fake claim that she's a native American.
wait government money is ok to help you and your thug buddys but better not help a republican mm.
I would think if D. Trump needed money he would take a paycheck as POTUS!!! STUPID QUESTION!!

Please explain @cfcpac  what change you want supporting Hillary and the Dems!! Im waiting!!!
Gallup finds Trump has the worst favorability of any president-elect in modern American history.
you do remember what happens when you rely on polls? You get time out therapy!!!
hahahahahahahaha... mabye if you keep repeating that to yourself....
seriously, & there was many, that was THE STUPIDEST ? of the hearings.congrats again u show ur ignorance
@Purplegarter1 @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump Just let the brother take office and please, go away @SenWarren

ridiculous question.  I mean really?
will you show all your spending from special interest donations errr bribes?
a simple ?,?You insulted him with ur waste of time ?. How dare you serious insult him
SO Thankful for YOU, Senator Warren. Thank you for all you've done and all you continue to do. Thank you 4 protecting us.
LIKE TRUMP NEEDS MONEY ? TRUMP GAVE UP A CHARMED LIFE TO HELP AMERICANS. HE DOESN'T EVEN  WANT A SALARY
Yes, simple but stupid, Mrs. Cochise
Voted "Dumbest Question" of the century! http://www.youngcons.com/elizabeth-warren-asks-ben-carson-the-dumbest-question-ever-at-confirmation-hearing/ …
@Najjaci_ostaju @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump Was that question originally penned out for Hillary?
Laugh every time I see your pathetic face on the news 1/25th Indian Sold Forclosed homes for profit 1030+ Democrats lost
You seriously are delusional.  I call for a mandatory mental health up, just say'n Beth.
how did you even become a Senator?! You know nothing. You just have diaheria of the mouth. #shutup
Now you're worried about fraud after supporting HRC. What a hypocrite!
GO ELIZABETH!  We the people thank you!
He wouldn't answer question!
Clearly, @RealBenCarson is @realDonaldTrump's pocket. TRUMP IS ONLY OUT FOR TRUMP. @HUDgov
Pocahontas are you really that dumb?? Trump doesn't need money like you lol
Contracts should be awarded on merit. We are more concerned about things like this
in other words "EVEN if Trumps sons can do a job cheaper they shouldn't get a rebuilding job" bull. if they can save us why not?
and this https://youtu.be/7gexojSPADg   clean up your own house.
Can anyone assure anyone of anything about @realDonaldTrump?
yes he will #MAGA and you will see true patriotism return by those who live this country
Keep calling for Trump to provide #transparency into his many conflicts of interest
you live in projects?
WHY shouldn't Trumps sons get a building job IF they are willing to do it cheaper then others? JUST because they are a Trump?
@kates_ramblings @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump @YouTube
This is what happens when the GOP is in full power, anything goes and laws are ignored!
No Darlin we follow laws-reason we don't horrify main streets and our fellow American with riots and killing cops #BenCarson is HERO CONFIRM
Ben Carson is an idiot and Trump is a communist sympathizer who will sell us out! Treason!
Mrs. Warren, you have the most stupid questions.
Simple a.  Stupid question.  Good lord but lights are dim at your house...
Will you accept money from Hud? How about using your presidential income? You don't need it.
Trump does not need your chump change. Everyone everywhere wants to invest money in him.
Thank you for this!
your making a fool out of yourself. I didn't know you were that racist against black people
Congratulations Senator,  on asking the single stupidest question in American history.  Way to go, Fauxchahontas!
As I listen & read ur tweets I thought better of u than ur presenting urself currently you actually appear inept & mean spirited
Where were ur questions of morality & $$$ re Clinton Foundation? Don't recall u standing on the front line 4 accountability there
Furthermore u lied when u said u were not questioning his morals Dr.Carson answered ur question u refused to accept his answer
Sen Warren Dr. Carson answered ur question more than once what is wrong with u? UR showboating & self promotion is unbecoming
Thank you. A million times, thank you.
Carson made his 'deal' w/Trump awhile back.Trump convinced him HE was the Great White Hope
How is it that idiots like you can get elected when they lie who they are  are NOT for America and cheat ??
wow what were u thinking?
you are the dumbest woman in government! http://townhall.com/columnists/bryancrabtree/2017/01/14/nice-try-sen-elizabeth-warren-really-n2271167 …
 @RealBenCarson @realDonaldTrump
U are so condescending to Ben Carson. U R a bossy woman that does NOT belong in gov.!
OMG, Lady, u r an embarrassment! Ben Carson needed to kick your ***! U made a fool out of urself!
can we ask you why you are a liar, Pocahontas?
Actually, it wasn't a simple question. It was a loaded question and you know it. You are so dishonest, Senator Warren.
Not everyone can parlay a lie into wealth and success like your claim to NAI heritage; if U can't prove your lineage it's lack of integrity.
Did all of the appointees under Obama promise not to use Heinz products because of Kerry?
@ DrBenCarson @realDonaldTrump Shame Sen. Warren
not always a simple answer for a simple question...Will you not hit a animal on the road? Luck determine
why are you bringing all this attention to yourself?
Why is it the dumbest people in the human race are always ALWAYS democrat politicians?
so what wrong with Trump helping hud. What are you afraid of. Why is she so angry she remind me of
Thank You Senator Warren for asking real questions and not just lobbing softballs!
...he knows at least 500 people better qualified than Dr. Carson. He is intentionally putting a fool in charge of the piggy bank.
As a former urban dev exec, I know how HUD can be an evergreen fund for Trump, & so does he! Given urb dev is Trump's industry...
congratulations senator for asking the stupidest question of the hearings yet.
Warren you are a complete idiot if you think that question had one iota of intelligence in it!
you were strong in that questioning. Thx
Coming from an Indian impersonator rich from Wall Street. Democratic Double standards #Draintheswamp
Lizzie Warren took an ax, gave her constituents 40 whacks...when she saw what she had done...
are you really going to accuse Ben Carson - an honest man - about HUD and real estate after YOUR history??? bwaa-hahahahaha #realestatephony
.... someone in public office is there just to line the pockets of the president? Listen to ur own question N hear the stupidity
your questions were silly. If this is how u do ur job, u should come back home. How would anyone in their right senses think...
. Please do NOT attend this con man's joke inauguration. This is not political banter this is slander... DON'T GO
Absolutely stupid question.
Like how YOU profited from buying and flipping foreclosed/HUD homes during housing market crash? Let's hope they have better ethics than YOU
pretty stupid question. Clearly you were going for soundbytes rather than taking it seriously.
How do live in a $5.4M house on a Senator  salary? #Thief #FuckOff over there  BTW, new product, try it. Just for libturds 
@RitaDentino
with due respect Senator, the Dr. gave you a straight answer. He did not fall into your trap.
You asked the stupidest questions ever- do you even think before you open your vulgar mouth?
i BELIEVE TRUMPS' WILL PROFIT. Not build low-income housing/only LUXURY. Trump, et al threw Senior out in Brooklyn.
NOT ASSURING! Told @SenSherrodBrown would assure all have same rights. Will Trump/GOP change 'current laws?'
Are you friggin' kidding me?!!!!!! Trump is NOT in business of building low-income housing?
You will never find a more honest, principled man than Dr. Ben Carson, you half-witted hack! #DROPDEAD
#BostonEmbarrassment WE Bostonians will be DEMANDING a DNA to Expose her LIES & Larceny Fraud for Profit. #Fraudahontas
He's A JOKE
his answer  was horrible
Yes it was!
Anything is better than the democratic created hell holes known as public housing.
he knows nothing
You want to block  PEOTUS however you can, SICK. Your logic is flawed. Since when does Trump business build low income housing?
We ask for a simple apology, can you assure us you are not mentally ill & pathological liar? https://twitter.com/cocosbentmind/status/802204235890880513 …
I wonder where your concern for the rampant corruption Hillary Clinton constantly displayed was.  You are a hypocrite.
Cabinet picks are Trump supporters and are being rewarded by him. Sad for our country. He will benefit.
Yes. You asked over and over like a blithering, partisan, brain dead apparatchik.
why are you so concerned about Mr TRUMP so much that you and your colleagues will divide and break the nation for your agendas
Absolutely necessary that he give his word now that it will not happen.
What an embarassment of a Senator.  Dr. Carson's reply should have been "As much as I can assure you will not get funds, Senator"
you put words in his mouth & were looking to trip him up & are pissed you couldn't. Old bag
would u ask the same quest to Hillary apointee - no money to Clinton Foundation donors? Of course not.
Sen Warren eloquently said I hope you gain footing on the conflict bill #stoptrump #warren2020
Typical answer from trump team. Simply ignore the question and give an answer they want to give
It was a stupid, grandstanding question on your part.  Choose to be better, not bitter. #itsonyourface
That's your concern? Wow. You really are narrow minded.
and on that note! NEXT!
You don't have the votes to stop any of Trump's nominees, Betty. They're laughing at you
Excellent and articulate questioning. Dr. Carson really skirted the question.
He just needs a "foundation" to gather all the influence money out there.

No she didn't ask Dr Carson a simple ? . SHe played a sick game of I'm gonna get you. Sick Pathetic DEM
how much money have YOU or the Clinton's made. Hypocrite.
I'm always amazed at how many in the house&senate become millionaires after a short stint in DC
I'm surprised your brain didn't explode from asking such a stupid question.
will you hold yourself & your colleagues to the same standards?
foolish question.
Like Hillarys did??
.@SenWarren @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump What a stupid question, based on a stupid premise, asked by a stupid person.
what an incredibly ignorant and insulting question to ask.
Ben is a Tool.. Sad To say & see in America.
Used faked minority claim (Indian) to cheat getting Harvard job @SenWarren  against black man because he got off Dem plantation. Bigot.
Simple person on many levels.
you mean like Hillary used St Dept to fill foundation bank account? Dems did nothing to stop her. #Hypocrite 
 @realDonaldTrump
Carson is just beating around the bush - Hallmark of Trump presidency. No honesty - bunch of crooks.
you're CRAZY and it was showing. WTF would DJT want HUD money? @HillaryClinton Haiti fiasco. Stop the Grandstanding
Ben Carson is as unsure of his own whereabouts as he is the answer to your question #noclue #trumppuppet
The woman who lied about her heritage for her own profit worrying about HUD money! Get real
I think you need to look at how much $ the Trump family is giving up. IT'S NOT ABOUT THAT. Pathetic.
Trump is working for zero salary. Why would he squeeze nickels from HUD?  Illogical!
Stop pushing your own agenda. Your goal is prevent progress for the American ppl.
why would you ask such a stupid question?
SO thankful that America finds your dishonest ilk irrelevant. Hope you learn something †
Are Democrats actually required to only ask asinine questions? Cuz ur all so good at it. †
Don't confirm Dr Carson.  Can't imagine him on any government office at all.
has any @HUDgov money "help" a @realDonaldTrump business in the past or is it called RENT
Do you think everyone wants money or take advantage of the presidency asyour @HillaryClinton did! right?
he babbled and spewed double talk- typical for this dynasty- the elite and ignorant are in their glory!
and he answered you well. Spot on!
Ben Carson's answers were lame.  He doesn't know anything.
do not trust Ben Carson
We need to see trump's taxes and he needs to completely divest.
.@adjordan @SenWarren @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump @YouTube
He couldn't say with 100% certainty due to ppl like you who dig for some 6-degrees-of-separation "gotcha" later on.  Pathetic.
@tlwtexas @HUDgov @realDonaldTrump needs to #ReleaseTheTaxes  What's he hiding?
and he wagged his brows like a cartoon villian as the words "morals and values" pass his lips.
thanks for fighting for us! We must save health care! I'm diabetic, & need ACA subsidies!
Ben YO BEN, WAKE THE FUCK UP!
Hey Pocahontas! How much do you profit off your state torture of disabled? Judge Rotenberg Center! @SenWarren
thank you!
U do not have to waste ur 140 by saying simple question If u said it. We know it is simple question
How in the hell would he know?  He's a retired brain surgeon with no executive experience.
really? ask that question to a politician don't be a hypocrite many coat pockets at r expense
Thank you for representing all Americans not just your constituents.  #Warren2020
you just can't stand the fact that a successful citizen can achieve the American dream without kissing ass. While you?  Well ...
SENATOR WARREN. YOU ARE MY HERO. KEEP UP THE FIGHT ,
Thank you !
Carson is another example of corruption at the highest level!
