Lost our house today.  Everything #BofA and #WellsFargo did was not legal.  Need to believe it happened to us so it won't happen to the rest
At your convenience, please share some more info through DM. I want to make sure this is fully researched (no acct #). ^SJ
Thank you.   We are still recovering from the shock and busy packing.   Will DM you later.  #homeowners
You're welcome. I appreciate the update, and I'll keep an eye out for your DM. ^CC
Since you're on Senate Armed Service Comm why did F-35 cost $1.45 Trillion? That's enough for: every Student free tuition for 20 years.
Hello
Hi!
How are you doing dear friend
Please fight like hell. The power of the CFPB is paramount in the future of the citizens of U.S.
You get nothing done without republican help!
Yeah, you just talk, your long history of big talk and deceptive practice is out there for all good people to see. You are so decrepit.
Go home LIAR! An Indian? A liar is what you are

Someone needs to tell #45 what "Drain the Swamp" means. . .
YES POCAHONTAS!!
I wonder how sincere she is. Wall Street gave Hillary millions.  I don't see the democrats doing anything to harm Wall St.
You rail against Wall Street, but it's the Dems who got all the money in campaign contributions. Just sayin'
I have called your precious  CFPB and found it to be staffed with over educated bureaucrats that write useless complaint letters to banks !
Never mind that, work on all the handouts the government gives to freeloaders that refuse to work. Now you're talking some bigly money
Elizabeth Warren, please run for president!  You got my vote!
If Lizzy Warren is the Dem nominee it's 4more year for republicans. She's out of touch
And Donald Trump is in touch?  OooooooK
Isn't it extraordinary that GOP will give handouts 2 wealthy wallstreeters while doing away with Medicaid
You weren't complaining when OBAMA did it! Where was your outrage then? And this  "repubs r trying to push granny over the cliff" again! Smh
Ur right Obama should have never done what he did letting ppl loose their jobs, some their homes would have been much easier 2 live with.
He bailed out banks, costs ppl their jobs, health insurance and YES their doctors. He also classified how much $$ he was sending overseas! 
The PAST its gone It's time 2 think here & now and work together this mess with T is getting worse What about a heel on UR neck don't u get
When u listen to fear mongers like Warren I could see where you'd get that impression. What she says is simply untrue! Try & find real news!
Get off smedia & research lol fear mongering  who on earth believe what comes outta Ts mouth keep swallowing that placebo he sold u
It doesnt protect consumers, it only adds overhead to lending institution n makes it more diff for borrower to get credit. Ur out of touch!
That's all your good for
#partisanhackbitch
#shutupLiz
Respectful suggestion for filibuster of #DoddFrank repeal, if needed: read into senate record stories of families ruined by financial crisis
Every other president is a non-clown. You'd be a great non-clown. Help us!  Warren for president!
Have you talked to Obama lately?
If u loved reform Wall Street so much why u fell in the lap of Hillary. U lost us then. For political reasons?   Sad very sad
Stop supporting cooperate dems maybe then that wouldnt be that big of an issue
You dont have a heart.
These folk R simply not serving American citizens.  How are we 'them' having the #SAME argument decade after decade. This system is BROKE
You could start by talking with Hillary. She seems to know a LOT about Wall Street. Of course, she's made a boatload of money there, so.....
I appreciate all your hard work. These thug Republicans only care about the 1% . Thanks for fighting for the rest of us.
Right on. Don't let them steal our money and ruin our economy again.
Thank you, Senator! White collar Financial crime is one way to make this country third world again! MATWA not MAGA!
CFPB has failed in every way. Disappointing you can't see that.
The only thing you know about wampum is holding your hand out for some....
We are counting on you and others who haven't been bought by Wall Street. Thank you so much.
Take a closer look at @SenWarren 's friends and donors. Wall St. banks and Wall St Law Firms. #ResultsNotRhetoric
We don't want your socialism get out of the way
You go girl!
Why are all my heroes women? Rhetorical!
Thank you Senator Warren for always fighting for the working/middle class - you're one of our true defenders!
Stop Trump Gifting Billionaires $TRILLIONS in TAXES THEY OWE, cutting SS, SNAP,all help for Americans. Streets are already filled w/homeless
U PROTECT WALL STREET. BOUGHT & PAID FOR JUST LIKE THE CANDIDATE U SUPPORTED @HillaryClinton Not a reformer, just a performer. #actor
She lies a lot.  She going to follow the money as usual. That's what she really means.  Indian say "how." Oops, sorry, sensitive issue.
You are the last one to be talking about handouts
You go first.... you don't "need" your salary!
Liawatha, you need to prepare to be defeated and lose again. 

But you have a lot of experience losing, so that will not be a problem.
How about doing anything at all? You politicians really suck!
You could be big in Cuba or Venzayla
Like you've done a good job about that.
Now trump can fire WITHOUT CAUSE members of CFPB & FHFA. Congress can defund CFPB. NO legitimate oversight for Americans. Thieves w/o honor.
Hey #Liawatha how much of the excessive $$ paid to @CFPB ppl r u getting in kickbacks
Thank you!
cfpb protects Americans from banking abuses. They investigated a banking issue for me which ended in my favor. We need this
@jwaltonharris
all talk all words all BS, Trump is the true fighter and patriot for the American People
How about supporting @SenSanders and fighting with him this year not sit back like the primary
Thank you for fighting for us!
Keep going! The Republicans are advertising against you in Georgia, you are threatening their narrative. You Go Girl!
Good luck with that! The #GreedMerchants are in charge. They've ALWAYS been in charge in our country.
Thank you Senator!  We all thank you.
Thank you Sen Warren
How about you fight for your heart out for the truth et alien disclosure 2017 humanity has a right to know the truth
Sounds familiar. Not buying it this time.
You have been warning us about this for a a while! Their agenda is clear. Why are they not listening? Why do Dems seem so powerless?
Wait you are part of the handouts #stop lying
If you had heart in the primaries, you wouldn't  be fighting it out now. We can bring water to the horse.....
Bravo.
I am continually amazed at how how these guys are willing to go....give names of the senators who will TRY to vote Yes & let us do our part.
Fight until they pay your off like all politicians, or Fight?
Wall street handouts? That funny!  What's the difference between wall street handout and taxpayer funded handouts? At least WS is my choice
Republicans like to do what is good for their pocket books, and it is real good for them to deregulate wall street, and give that subsidy
Enough with the war on drugs, that issue is bigger than wall street, imho. Many people dying because of continued prohibition.
I almost think you are serious, but I know it's your vote flashdace...
LETS END THE WAR ON DRUG USERS FIRST.
Thank you for fighting for the CFPB. If the haters were even aware of the substantive stuff they have done they would support it.
Time to form a real strategy with Bernie for 2018 elections
Earthquake warning system trump wants to get rid it . ? RT
Thank you Senator!
THANK YOU SENATOR @SenWarren
Lizzy, the Wall Street hand outs went to you demorats! Millions to clintin! Hell Obumer now charges them $400 grand for a one hour speech
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator Warren!
Since regulations went in...markets at record highs.  Who is losing due to regulations?  No one...banks just want more for less.  Crooks.
Keep fighting Madame Warren, but you will be roughly 72 in 2020 for the POTUS bid. stay ready for that; eat healthy, exercise, get rest so..
You tell 'em!
Thank you!  I'm so distraught by GOP! #sneakyandcomplicit
The unscrupulous Republicans outnumber you.
I cannot believe people would actually follow someone such as yourself. Your existence nauseates me.
finally  you got it. criminals might run fast.
 that even w/ majorities they can only repeal Obama's laws, can't come up with (let alone pass) their own. #laziness  #smallmindsincharge
We urge the democrats: Enough with all thier handouts and handins.
Thank you!!
Can't have it both ways millionaire , Indian?
Encourage ALL Dems to take NO corporate money. Appeal to public & vote for the public good, not corporate agendas. Then I vote for you
You always do and we appreciate it
Blabla bla... go hide with Clinton.
Thank you, Senator!
You have no heart Liz! You're a lone wolf! Retire and go back to the woods with HRC! Good luck and good riddance!
Wall street reform as is is not good for america
WARREN 2020
that was obama stuff....bail everyone out!
What you should urge is your stupid party to give the reigns to the most popular politician in the country @SenSanders
Here we go again. Corruption crushes progress! Please continue to fight!
Thank you Senator Warren
It's the Republicans that were whining about losing money not the dimms not the Liberals
Wall Street handouts should have been stopped during past 8 years while Dems were in power. If it bothers you now, maybe @GOP is doing good!
Elizabeth Warren for prez.
Unlike the multi-billion dollar bail out given to the "too big to fail" banks back in '08, this might allow business to thrive
Better Close your mouth and open your eyes..More insurance companies are bailing..
But ObamaCare is great right @SenWarren crazy Lizzy?
I hope you know about #Trumpcare in the Senate as well.  I'm trying to rally all @SenateDems accordingly.
Thank you Ms Warren
U hav No Heart!Ure an Evil person! Like ur friend Hillary both r Deplorable Despicable Murderous women (Nasty 4 sure) HATEFUL!MAGA MAGA MAGA
You and your part hasn't done JACK #piehole
Thank you! Please keep fighting!
Thank you seems very little to say but it is heartfelt.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's not get crazy. Look at @BarackObama @HillaryClinton You and myself. We're OK, aren't we?
Thank you Senator Warren!!
HA! I like the platitudes & sentiment, but this scam is 700 years old. Either call a session & quo warranto the corps. or call it a day.
You go indian chief! That's the fighting spirit of Dances with Clinton.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren,  you are great.
Seems like that's what @SenSanders was doing when you sold out to @HillaryClinton.
Maybe your friend Hillary can help you. 
enough of hand outs period! Tax payers money is wasted your greed is disgusting you have no moral compass at all!
Didn't fight very hard during the Obama administration . Around 4 trillion dollars from Obama's fed worth of bailouts
This president is so distracting. We need to rid ourselves of this.
trying to change the subject --squaw ??
I feel are fast tracking backwards.. I survived last time. I hope I don't lose everything on the verge of retirement.
The Democratic clowns of corruption have their way. And the people suffer.
When do the American ppl get a chance to recoup some of the losses from the #wallstreet catastrophe in 2008?
For real we are not bailing them out again .. it's like an abuse relationship with this GOP #fuck
Ah the internet...
you have always had my support senator, keep fighting the good fight!
1. Repubs broke it
2. Dems fixed it
3. Repubs breaking it again cause they can't let Dems have a win

Partyism over Patriotism is @GOP motto
You don't have a heart, so take a seat. #maga
The lies of a millionaire
THANK YOU Senator Warren!
“@SenWarren: I’m going to fight my heart out to prey on weak minds & use MSM #FakeNews to do it. 
@infowars 
didn't know this about financier. I'm literally shaking rn. EXPLAIN THIS @SenWarren
Wow what are you going to do about Comey letting @HillaryClinton slide for smashing bleaching evidence @AGLynch telling Comey to minimize
Thank you!
2020 Elizabeth Warren. You will win.
You would do well to point out that a unified thuglican vote will override your efforts.
Anything going on about Americas corporate welfare issues? the subsidies are absolutely unfair and choking us.
I agree, no Wall Street handouts, but your Prez was bankrolling wall street the whole time!
Enough with handouts period.  Not just Wall Street.
AND and deflecting and NOT #Apologize for the waste of tax payer $$ via trump/russia rhetoric that could have helped thousands of #Americans
The Senate may be our only hope until 2018.  Keep up the resistance!!
