it is beautiful. The reaction of commie wannabe liberals tells me America made the right decision.

please please please read a fuckin newspaper.
why? So I can get the democrat talking points for the 7000th time?
must b awful@living in a country u hate so much. Can't trust newspapers, real news tv-so leave
um, her Native American heritage has been traced back to the 1800s, which makes her 1/32nd Native American.
to suggest otherwise is ignorant, considering you have zero proof of her lineage.
yeah, this article quotes Breitbart? So, nah.
I did. You could scroll back down, but maybe that's too much work? You can only disprove as much as I can prove.
or you could just scroll my pics some more for some petty insults. Either way.
Like claiming you're part Native American?
sad that's all you can come up with
Sooooo..you have no problem with a Senator who lied to gain preference to get into college?
Who would that be -- I guess you've been reading actual fake news. Check your sources.
Uh huh..just like her unreported $1.2M BOA line of credit? Oh..BTW..FakeNews is so yesterday..didn't u get the memo?
impeach him now before this hole gets any deeper! PLEASE
Liars are attracted to liars I guess.  Trump surrounds himself with his own kind.
Easy, look at ALL the waste in gov't, much is given to Sen., Rep., and Congressmen who vote the way the Dems. want....
you lied..about being American Indian..!
you are apparently impervious to irony. Lib hypocrisy is why Trump, who didn't support, won. Ppl r sick of it. @SenateGOP
Russia tampered w/election, that's why he got elected.  Lost popular vote 2Hillary & can't get over it.
2)are the Russians also responsible for the other times someone  won the EO but not pop vote?
Senator Warren, I don’t think they really care about anything but cash in their wallets from the Billionaire Cabinet
Just like this fake Indian did.
coming from the biggest liar. Let's talk about you lying on your application about your ethnicity!
@HowieCarrShow #notmysenator#batshitcrazy she reminds us everyday why DT won
The proof is there if you read it Elizabeth !
How about the lies on your Indian heritage at Harvard..? Where's your tribal card..? Don't have one...you fake....
what tribe are you from again? Oh that's right...
Or are connected to 500 billion dollar investments in Russia that got cancelled b/c of sanctions...#suspicious
I agree with you Senator! People will see & then be terrified of what they voted for.
they did drain the swamp and only the most heinous and predatory denizens survived. They are now running our country.
So says the #Fauxcohontas who check marked of Native American descent to get special treatment. 
speaking of lying, tells us again about your cheekbones and stories told from many moons ago.
but what is being done 2 utilize stop the horrible unqualified noms?
Liawatha YOU ARE THE SWAMP
Best tweet of 2017!  Talk about total lack of self awareness!
Good work!!
I'm guessing your native land is another man's asshole.
And I think you are beginning to realize you're about to be done, forever , in American politics.
Elizabeth Warren is a WARRIOR FOR ALL AMERICANS..
And no background checks on any of these crooks - Talk about fox in henhouse? just look from Whitehouse to Congress!
ummmm....maybe you shouldn't throw the word "lied" around too much, ya think?
The irony drips from this post,  Ms. "high cheekbones make me a Native American".
Wow the Dems voted for him unanimously for the circuit court. What’s changed?  BTW I live in your district I expect an answer
People who live in glass houses......
Senator forgive me for being slow but what happened to "contempt of Congress"? Punishment?
If you're going to #resist, then prove it @SenWarren . Stop approving Trump's nominees, and do something about removing Bannon already!
Like supporting the most despicable woman to ever run for any office? Hitched to that wagon you get what you deserve
like you were honest on your job application fauxahontis? Give it up honey your no more Indian than I
well she's good at one thing gaming the system

心から、愛おしいと、感じられます。。。
Thank you so much

Have a lovely weekend 
are you serious? I guess you would be the expert on lying on job applications. Pot meet kettle
so did you. You hypocrite
@MaggieJordanACN @SenateGOP if I lie on an application I get fired...they lie they get a cabinet appt.  Typical  Trump.
Lied during job interview...where have I heard THAT one before? FauxCahontas
Neither is picking all white billionaires for his cabinet

Absolutely Gorgeous!!
Says the Lady who lied about being a Native American to get a job at @Harvard @SenWarren @SenateGOP
@lisamichelle12 @Harvard @SenWarren @SenateGOP   Pocahontas strikes again!
Wait, you falsely claimed you were Native American. #PotMeetKettle
trumplthinskin is thee biggest liar of them all!!!!
lost with getting 2,86M more votes? the majority won't be silenced
of oxygen, kids should be aviable to vote! they are smarter than 90% of the republicans
you've lied on an application to steal a scholarship from a poor needy overachieving INDIAN. We are VOTING YOU OUT
No worries, swamp was drained on Nov 8.
Thanks, a deplorable
seems the dank water is only getting deeper...and you manned the pumps to bring in the dirtiest water.
what planet have you been on ?
Really you twit. Pot meet Kettle "I'm a Cherokee".  Lie much?
Didn't you check the fake Indian box on your College application? #fakesenator #loon
Can you back that up ?  Be specific
Liawatha=Cranky Pants. Be careful not to let bitterness take root in your heart.
Dear #Pocahontas, Just following the example you set when you wanted to be a University prof. #NoMoralAuthorityToTalk
@SenateGOP
Were they pretending to be Native Americans? #fauxcahontas
have you returned your illegal foreign campaign donations from 2012 yet?
I'd start by firing people who claimed they are Native American.  Oh snap!
#pocahontas u didnt even sa this, bawahaha Please post proof of ur native Indian lineage U lied on ur job applications
keep fighting keep trying to stop his agenda keep our country free educate agitate organize

So...just to be clear and for future reference..lying on job application bad..lying on college application good..HOW?
you should know, fauxcahontas
yes prove it, remove this nutjob

Trump needs to start in congress where YOU people are wasting our money by doing absolutely nothing except obstructing
Thank You for Rising Up. #SenateImNotThrowingAwayMyShot, #ConstitutionalCrisis, #ThisIsNotNormal
Rising up ??? In her teepee ??????
If you're going to call yourself Native American to get minority perks, prove it @SenWarren. Let's see a DNA test.
If you’re going to #draintheswamp, prove it, @SenateGOP. Protecting 2 men who lied during their job applications isn’t the way to start.
That’s fucking rich coming from you.
so you are OK with lying cabinet nominees? Who cares who is saying it, is she wrong?
Stones? Glass houses?
OK. Everyone gets to lie then. Why bother interviewing people then. Be a better American. C'mon.
Name one politician who is 100% truthful.  Not ok with Warren's hypocrisy and off-tone shrieking
every politician lies during their senate confirmation hearing? C'mon.
Name the lies..and.......go!
.@HHSGov nom Price lied to the Senate about a sweetheart stock deal.
Fauxcahontas speak with heap big wampum unawareness.
go troll the orange tyrant toddler!
You mean the President of the United States, Donald Trump? Enjoy the next 8 years snowflake.
. You constantly lie, Pocahontas. Take a DNA test.
and Trump is insane.. have him take a mental competency exam...hey join him in that.  You really need it
Lol
whaaaahhh the GOP is lying again and calling it alternative facts...oh wait that's normal...
Ah...Ms. Warren...stay on them.  I'll try to win Heller in the wild west again!
Sen Warren the people of Massachusetts are tiring of your shameless self promotion and lockstep liberalism. Go away
that's pretty hypocritical isn't it?
ok Chief! 
Elizabeth warren is one head bob away from a stroke. At least hold your head still when u lie to us
It's time the GOP stops talking, and starts acting. Proof is in deeds, not words.
really you are the queen of lying. Jeez come up with a better argument.
Are you still identifying as an American Indian?
Faked an application, like claiming American Indian heritage with zero proof? A little self-awareness would be nice
the only one on the GOP side working to #draintheswamp is #Melania who took it to another level and also fled the coop
That is rich! Pot calling the kettle black!
Pot, meet kettle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_c1A8tmHuI …
like how you told Harvard you're a Cherokee Indian?
Next step to #draintheswamp is to get senile Fauxcahontas liars like yourself out of office.
Remember this when the pendulum swings, which history tells us, it always does.
But we should protect women Ivy League professors who do?
now,  here's the pot calling the kettle black.
Tell us #Fauxcohantas more about this lying on applications stuff...you're the expert.
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP
at least they didn't lie about being a nativve American.
didn't you say you were a Indian??
but lying about being native american to get a job that's fine
Fake Indian. Next time you're in Central Square try shaking the homeless ppl's hands - instead of walking by them!
We saw you Elizabeth in Central Square walking right by the homeless with your body guard!
A woman of color? YOU are a liar @SenWarren and white. Shameless. Fake Indian.
drain the swamp with you first
Pot, kettle.
are you suggesting that lying on a job application disqualifies someone from serving in DC? I'm cool with that if u r.
neither is caving to drug companies on letting federal programs negotiate drug prices.
That is RICH coming from you.  Reminds you of your lie claiming to be Native American, huh?
didn't you lie about being an Indian?
You owe your whole career to lying about your own ethnicity. You should talk.
Lied on applications...that's rich, Pocahontas.
he's going to start with you and your shady deals! You're in for a bumpy ride, sweetheart! Buckle up!
based on your poll numbers in Massachusetts, the swamp will be drained a little soon enough :)
Says the woman who claimed to be Cherokee to get a position at Harvard
The senate GOP are not here to play by the rule. Some @SenateDems like @MarkWarner tend to forget that.
You need to get laid
please run for for POTUS in 2020, so we can secure yet another failed DEM and continue to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
you really didn't t bring up lying on a job application did you?
Remember when Barak Obama lied onan application! Come on lady!And omg YOU! lied about heritage!
Keep throwing stones
Unethical, divisive, and narrow minded. Aligns perfectly with trump.
you mean like you lying about being a native American to get a $400k teaching job?
well I guess you're nominee failed the test.
self aware much, Fauxcohontas? Really, lecturing about truthful resumes?  From you?
Ms. Warren, the biggest problem today is cocaine or...ask the group popular and outgoing about those borders...east to
haha job applications and you don't mix either
do you not see the #hypocrisy in ur tweet? Who protected u #iclaimedtobeanamericanindian #stolenheritage @AnnCoulter
don't you know that half of the country thinks you are part of the swamp? #udontlisten #youllsayanything
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! I am so proud you're on watch Senator Warren!!!
You have to be kidding. You, of all people, make this charge. Irony is dead. It was already dead but you just blew up the corpse.
$1.3 Million Line of Credit 
It's not like you have ever lied on a job application #stolenfeather
The swamp id getting deeper and darker
@HayeseLaw @SenateGOP I hate to tell the ppl who voted the Village Idiot into W.H., I told u SO but 
why you guys still waiting for a miracle. He is working with Putin why he is no impeach get all the traitors
pot, meet kettle
Oh please ~ Who ever believed Trump would drain his own home?
Aware much? Pot meet Kettle. #HighCheekbones #FamilyLore #LOL #Fauxahontas #LyingLiar #TellUsAllAboutLyingOnAJobApplication #Doh
Shorter: only Sen Warren can lie on applications, everyone else held to higher standards.
How would you know?
@PoppyJane13 @SenateGOP
That's not what drain the swamp means. See Dubin. Means get rid of " Others". POC, Muslims, Jews, LGBTQ
Well this tweet went well for you.
I have some reservations about this tweet. #fauxcahontas
hmmmm ...if someone knows how to lie on a job application is @SenWarren
You are kidding Right? Faux Pocahontas. YOU LIED 2 get into college n stole a teaching spot. Hypocrite
pot meet kettle.
Making statements like this- I hope you have more proof than someone said your Mother had Indian high cheek bones
liawatha
Wait...you're being serious right now? Lying on an application is the stone your throwing? *smdh*
I have ZERO faith in her anymore! She voted "Yes" with Republicans on his cabinet picks!
says the woman who lied about being Native American
"lied on their job applications". That's rich coming from you.
It takes one to know one.
you mean like saying you have Indian heritage when you don't? Just saying!
he isn't drain the swamp, he's building a private, white only country club.
this is more than draining the swamp, this is swamping democracy at its finest. Get out the whoop ass!
Says the woman who lied on her job application for a teaching gig.....
(breathe)(wipe tears)...
at the bogus " native American" & Liar Elizabeth Warren- maybe U should just shut up- U are the liar !

.@SenWarren @SenateGOP Hey #fauxcahantis talk about LYING! YOUR nose is growing!!
Spoken with a Silver Spoon in that damn Yankee mouth.
how will he do it I'd you keep whining all the time
you tweet a good game but you seem to not be able to actually stop any of this.  Maybe it is time for different tactics. Legal?
- "drain the swamp", in other words, kill the environment and try to manufacture a new one in it's place. Good luck.
Such mild reproaches to CRIMINALS. MURDEROUS. CRIMINALS.  Hello 4th Reich, the Dems will lay down before you.
Nor is the Democratic Party's milquetoast opposition to this regime.
Get big business OUT of government.
He's draining the swamp alright. He's draining it right into his administration.
Maybe you should advise them to apply using smoke signals, Chiefette Liesalot.
Like you putting Native American on your job app.? Like that?
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP irony from Cherokee woman.
get some help sweetcheeks
Pathetic elderly scold - every pronouncement on her page she has lost - or is going to
They're not going to do it, @SenWarren. It is up to *Democrats* to halt these moves. But y'all doing this instead: http://www.snappytv.com/tc/3828862 
Ms. Warren.  Where is your strategy now?  Tweets aren't working.  We need to see strength and one mindedness. Please
takes one to know one.  I guess the $1.3M LOC was an convenient oversight on your financial disclosure.
.@SenWarren Wow, you've got a lot more of nerve!! U freakin' said u were an Indian so colleges would hire u as a minority! Shameless!!!
Proof: Sally Yates, Justice Gorsuch etc. etc. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
@LeslieMarshall @SenateGOP I hope they drain the swamp of you, a proven liar who lied about having American Indian heritage.
Madam, your morality taunts are just as hollow now, as they were during the campaign. Basically: "look who's talking*
Ummm, didn't you lie about being a Native American???
You are in no place to be talking about lying.
You lied on your applications, didn't you? Then failed to disclose the line of credit... what a fake.
