Could be free healthcare for everyone and because it was drafted by GOP you would criticize. #HealthcareBill @gehrig38

 not likely to be anything free for anyone except the richest people in the country.
Always got the hand out, clue work for what you receive and you might feel better about yourself
Health Care professional for 20+ yrs. Many missed holidays serving others. I see what happens when u have no ins or it runs out.
I'm a nurse and I see how Medicaid gets abused. Check out ailments people use the ER for its out of control. Let's teach prevention.
Corporate welfare isn't an abuse? The benefits far outweigh the abuse. The systems need changes no doubt but the perception that all people
on Medicaid, welfare, etc.  are lazy is just flat out false. Most people on Medicaid actually do work. Many disabled & many Vets are on it.
Why?   No one read Obamacare and passed that. Your fearless leader said pass it to see what's in it.
They has countless hearings on Obamacare. I suggest you turn off Fox.
Check out your history dear. March 9 2010. Nancy pelosi stated we must pass it to see what's in it.  Check the YouTubes for the evidence.
I heard it was loosely based on Carousel from Logan's Run.
Love this analogy
Obviously you're under 30.
Nope I'm 44 and I just watched this movie last month again.
She didn't lie about Hillary.
What a nice FAKE picture of you reading...your not doing anything for us, so stop with your fakeness
Likeeeeeee
The banking institution was behind Hillary first! Did you forget?
Keep your sick, ANTI-AMERICAN and demented thoughts to YOURSELF. #SKYISFALLINGIMBECILEICFOOL

Don't call yourself "the ME." It's tacky.
hahaha. I love your sense of humor!
Please share YOUR thoughts not the vulgar party line.
At least this one is getting read, right?

What made you decide to read the bill this time Elizabeth?
You have no intellect how can u have a thought,although you did think you were an Indian!
The GOP will do whatever they can do to screw the average person.  Wait until all the Trumpsters figure out they are screwed as well.
Duct Tape....your new best friend Elizabeth. Oh and another Xanax martini of course. Haveeee another honey.....
Did you ask BofA for a couple million $'s in the banking committee again? #tryhonesty #hypocrisy
Always by your side Ms Warren!
No hurry!!!!
Did you talk about the bank fraud Sen Bernie Sanders is accused of while there? If not - why? When are you going to speak out about it?
Do us all a favor and keep your thoughts to yourself, you know like you did with the Obama Care bill.
Btw you can't read that fast
In any case, we know your thoughts on it. Same stale arguments of being anti-poor, while you backed the uber rich @HillaryClinton for POTUS.
That was partisan behavior, just like the Republicans rode the Trump train. Either think like an educated adult or stay in the kiddie park.
You will be disappointed to note that I oppose Trump, but also the hypocrisy of the Democrats that lead to Trump trumping the Democrats!
How about trying to stay on target. Who gives a fuck about Clinton and let's worry about the seniors and others losing their care.
Agree. But @SenWarren is the last person with the moral authority to speak on this. Elderly & poor are being trampled by Reps & Dems alike.
Jonathan Gruber the creator of Obama care was laughing all the way to the Bank as he gave the American working class the middle finger
Confused because there aren't any pictures?
your still lying about the health bill.Just admit it what the president purposed you will be against it no matter what is in it.Your a hater

Call it what it is: #Trumpcare.
He shouldn't be allowed to lie to get votes without TAKING RESPONSIBILITY
Please don't...
Leftists are Predictable.  You don't even have to bother.
What is Fact ----ObamaCare FAILED the American people, Lyin' Lizzie.
Bloody "goofy" Warren looking at a blank piece of paper
Liz, I know that it ain't great!
Lovely
At less than 200 pages, it should be relatively easy for you to comprehend it. DID YOU READ OBAMACARE? Just resign already.
No one can influence the conservative base to go to the polls like you. Be strong and be yourself.
Maybe you can make a withdrawal to pay back the $ you stole from the natives? #impeachwarren
Please don't share your thoughts.
Don't bother.
The fact you can hold it without blowing a hernia process it's better than Obama's plan
You will probably be in disbelief.
Read a bill??? What is that???? Just pledge alliance to the Orange lord already.. 
Only the rich get richer.... people that make over 250k per yr should be tax at a higher rate
It's a scary thing , protect us.  People with preexisting conditions are counting on you. Planned parenthood needs protection as well
Thanks
Good sit in a corner & pretend to read it while Congress passes it.. Chucklehead!
Please help us Senator Warren..Contacted my Senator, but I live in the great state of KY. U KNOW HOW THAT PHONE CALL WENT
How much does the lady get paid 2 follow u around 2 take shitty pics and then how much do you get paid 2 tweet all day long.get 2 work lady
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/877953331338985473 …
Explain to people with loved ones in Nursing Homes, being paid for by Medicaid, where they'll need to go to retrieve their ejected old folks
@mch7576 @SenateGOP  GOP pretending not to support bill but THEY LIE. We know THEY LIE just like Mr. Miller..uh..Trump.
For some Americans suicide is now a healthcare plan. uncle attempted 6/22/17 because of failing health. #HealthcareBill #ACHA
As I typed this tweet I got notification that he died from his wounds.
We are waiting for your thoughts
Nice photo op. #staged
But in public current Senate Majority Whip just told @PattyMurray that this was just a DISCUSSION DRAFT.  FYI.
W/o being accountable to facts, we're just giving a mic to deceit. And he's right to be the President if it's all a show.
#MedicareForAll
Thank god you had the picture taken to prove you are reading it.
It's a doozie. I feel saddened for the elderly and the impoverished. Women loose out as well.
Thank you Senator Warren for all you do.
Too many pages?
Not to be too snarky, @SenWarren, but I hope the next pic is of you lighting the bill on fire while laughing maniacally. Just a thought.
Pls fight back
Please release it so the rest of us can read it.  #Resist
Hi Seen Warren. Pls can I pls, get a follow back so I can tell my story. No one, no one has replied back to me!
Intriguing that you spent less than one minute to even consider relief for Americans paying HUGE PREMIUMS WITH HUGE DEDUCTIBLES!!!
Please be sitting down when you read it.
Pocahontas can read? Then why did she mark native American on job app? Clearly she could not read at that time!
Oh, so today you're gonna read it prior to freaking out.
Glad someone is reading it.  Assistance instead of resistance.
Don't hurt yourself grabbing your thoughts from your personal liberal aid
Crowdsource the analysis and post the bill...
We don't care what you think!
Looking forward to it!
This trump health care bill is so ludacris and crazy it doesn't make since.Most of what evil trump does don't make since
It could be the best bill Warren, but you asshole democrats still would not vote for it. Democrats = The new Nazi party.
We actually have a President that lies every 10 seconds! And nobody is doing anything about it! I just don't understand!
The process of drafting a bill in secrecy is what scares me most.  If this passes then it will inflict a mortal wound on our democracy.
You must have seen where Congress & Senators, Federal & State employees, will no longer be excluded!!

@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
SENATOR WARREN THE SOONER BOTH HOUSE WORK TOGETHER! THE SOONER YOU BOTH WILL FINISH!
SENATOR WARREN THE ACA I THINK WAS 8000 OR  10000 PAGES ;IT HAD LOTS OF THOUGHT,! IT FAILED, THIS LEGISLATION JUST HOW MANY PAGES????
Release highlights to all the press; get the word out that AHCA is even more savage and blood-thirsty than House version. Make voters shout!
You didn't read Obamas bill why are you reading this one ?
Please don't we don't want to smell fart
At least you are reading before replying
Why? Nancy Pelosi says you don't need to read the bills!
Don't waste your time you won't even understand it #TermLimits
Thank god for your leadership!
Get big money out of healthcare. Govt run single payer Medicare for all. Do something about prescription meds.
You've been bashing it for weeks. NOW you are going to read it? Cool. You clearly didn't read anything a few years ago.
Doesn't matter what blll says. Warrens rhetoric  will be the same old stuff. Heard it all before. Warren is the establishment political hack
Hallelujah, you are going to read something and react to fact. You are getting better.
How did you know it will kill people,  you ranted like a lunatic!?? Yet just reading it now..lol clown.
So happy to be from MA. Our senators actually work for us!
As an "older" woman whose family is on #ACA, I read #AHCA and find it will still be awful for my family! Please vote No & fix ACA instead!
At least you can read it!

How soon the hypocrites forget Pelosi's words: "we have to pass it to find out what's in it" referring to the ACA
Yeah, "reading" it or desperately combing through it to find anything you can twist into class warfare and "this is gonna KILL PEOPLE"!!
At least you're reading it before you criticize it.  Watching C-Span today and many Sens were critical w/o having read it.  Obstructionists.
Pocahontas can read but can she retain?
No one really cares what a liar says! And you don't have high cheekbones! Pocahontas remember that time when u told everyone u were native!
At least you get to read it!  Pelosi shoved it down our throats
What I really hope to see is an alternate plan from @SenateDems that’s so much better than the GOP one.
Try not to throw up all over it!
Spoiler alert! The Americans get it in the end!
Thank you senator Warren for calling attention to the harm this bill will do to people with disabilities
I can't wait.  Just borrow Chuck Shumer's statement
"THANK YOU SO MUCH ELIZABETH THEYRE TRYING TO KILL THE POOR, ELDERLY, WOMEN and needy CHILDREN! What the HELL IS WRONG W GOP!"
No, Don't!
Why not just FB Live your reading of it and we can see the outrage in real time.
No doubt you will lie about it.  Why are you even reading it?
It could be he greatest thing since sliced bread and you would speak out against it because it's from the GOP
Why not invite people who will be victims to your office to tell their story to the media?
Let me save you some time. It's bulls***.

Hope you have a terrible birthday! @GordonnBombay
@SenWarren Sacajawea!
Did your zero interest loan hypocrisy come up at all on that meeting? It should have.
Thanks! Can't wait to hear you whine some more.
Are we doomed is the zombie Apocalypse please tell us we're not going to turn into Trump clones
Thanks. Please tell Nancy and Chuck that we would be like to see them read it first and present constructive criticism to make it better.
Just pass it so you can see what's in it! # Pelosi
Read fast, you only have a couple of days.
We don't care what you think.  We already have heard the Dems talking points.   You don't have an original thought in your tiny head.
I wouldn't believe anything you say. OBSTRUCTION, LIES, FEAR MONGERING, CORRUPTION=DEMOCRATS.  #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp. Don't trust a Dem.
More words of impending doom and despair? Instead offer words of improvement and ideas to make Bill even better. #Sit4Something
Only single payer can make any bill better.
I'm sure you've got a better solution.......
Thank you!
So looking forward!
Elizabeth Warren 2020!
Give'em Heck
Is anyone going to stop the terrorists in the Republican party who want to turn this country into an Oligarchy of the 1%?
Shouldn't we have a choice as to how our tax dollars are spent? I want my taxes to go toward Medicaid for kids with disabilities. Vote No!
It's horrible, Elizabeth.
If you're just now reading it, why have you been bitching for days/weeks about something you hadn't even seen?


Glad you're finally seeing it since word was only Repugs would see it today
Thought we had to pass it to find out what's in it?
No emergency coverage, no maternity care?? Wow.
Go it on  civil war
Make all of the senators and House have the same insurance they're shoving down our throats
I love me some sen elizabeth warren. Powerful lady..
Happy Birthday. xx
I'll share mine now. Tax the rich feed the poor and spread the wealth
Let me guess: the GOP hates: babies, elderly, veterans, the environment, minorities, lgbt, women, the poor, and the middle class.
it is crap piece of legislation that GOP is putting wealth back into the hands of the 1% while kicking in the face of disabled people
Please hurry.
Are you sure you can read it. After all it's not written in  your "Native Language" Lmmfao
Why don't you explain to us how the poor is supposed to afford the ungodly premiums in Obama Care.
Check your grammar before tweeting. You don't want to appear as an ignorant deplorable do you?
Just pass it first. You know, so that we can see what is in it....like Nutty Nancy said.
Senator Warren you guys cannot save us at this point in time, and we will take our lumps but everything you do should be for our future.
Please get Sen Warren cold compresses and smelling salts!
CNN has already told us your thoughts.
Once Politicians reach 70, they should be subject to an annual intelligence exam !
Spoiler Alert... It sucks
We no what your thought will be @SenWarren Democrats=Obstructionist
Happy birthday @SenWarren! Here's a terrible bill to celebrate 
