Liz I love you and this bill is awful but it's Thursday.
She's tired, cut her some slack.
Yes from being an obstructionist
Are you even aware of what is happening right now. Honestly.
Yes I am libturds lie to people
They are trying to vote for a bill that nobody wants to become law and which will increase premiums 20% and throw 16M off insurance
They released the bill 45 minutes ago. No hearings, no CBO score, nothing. They're using a process designed for BUDGET ISSUES
Repeal mandate. Get rid of tax. I do not want to pay for any healthcare but my own
The second and third? Umm... That came from Obamacare. The first? Ripped from who. Lastly... Do you use #Obamacare? If no, WHY NOT. HMM. 
Because she has taxpayer funded healthcare. She'll still fight for you even if you hate her.
That was almost an intelligent reply. Good try. Obamacare IS taxpayer funded. Taxpayers line her pocket. She  doesn't want public healthcare
A plea to @SenJohnMcCain please spread
I predict a Republican will take ur seat in the election .
Thank you Senator Warren for all you do!  So happy that the vote on the skinny bill went down in defeat.  Keep up the good work!
Yes because I could get a tax penalty, my rates could go up 30+%, or I could get my coverage dropped, right? Wait, that already happened.
Why are you ignoring someone who in the past year got a tax penalty, had premiums go up over 30%, & was recently notified coverage is ending
GOP bill will drop 19 million more from coverage and bring premiums up 20% each year. How exactly does that help you?
My premium went up 32% into 2017, I got a tax bill due to a one month lag in 2015, and in June I got notice my ins company is dropping me
Last I checked, 20% was less than 32%, maybe I will not get taxed for a lag, & perhaps I will not get dropped. Thats how it might help me.
It's not just 20%, though. It's 20% EVERY YEAR. So 200% over the next decade. 

We need to fix Obamacare, not kill it out of spite.
Okay..I had over 20% increase 2015 into 2016..its happening anyway. Not into 2018 because I am dropped and have to find new coverage
to see this and more from you and other dems. Keep it coming. We want to know the truth
Tell congress they should NOT have better health coverage then the people. Y R not better than the people no matter how entitled u think u r
You are lying to American people!!  Obamacare is hurting most Americans!!  20 years Cancer survivor paying $900.00 a month?  Stop!!
So you're independently wealthy and don't think you'll ever get sick?
That's because Obamacare was horrible to begin with.
I see cowboy stuff in your office. Seems odd that a Native American like yourself, would ignore your heritage. Oh wait, you lied about that.
Remember everyone, when someone talks using big gestures it means they are spewing big BS. Gestures are distractions from words. #Pocahontas
Then do ur job and compromise with  the Republican  party and help come up with a health care plan that will help out the people .
She is so full of shit.
swamp queen
What kind of health care do you have?
The only thing wretched is dizzy lizzy.
Senator Warren, you are an American Heroine!  That's coming from a combat Marine and Vietnam Veteran!  Thank you for your courage!
Still not as wretched as you and your party.
Everything you're afraid of will happen if nothing is done.  My whole family is working, supporting people who aren't working but could.
I don't like to hear you speak, I just can't take it. I was so happy when we didn't have to hear from you! Your views are worthless 
Do more videos like this, please?
Especially if she wears a war bonnet and speaks from a teepee
And if anyone is able to recognize wretched it's a member of the tribe...
Is it as wretched as you?
Brave Lindsay Graham..."this bill is disastrous and a fraud"...put me down for "YES"
Or the so called Hero the "Maverick" McCain gives long  drawn out speech about how horrible this is and then says Yes.

And where's your proposals?
Are there any skinny liars in the Senate Liz? The pictures I've seen look mostly fat. I have a picture of one. You tell me, fat or skinny?
all good reasons to blow it up obamacare sucks Lieawatha
Does anyone who is on this thread pay for medical insurance? I highly doubt it because if you did you would definitely want to repeal
Wonderfully explained for the average American to understand.
Dont you think...
And yet she persisted, love you senator Warren !
Nothing for the working man ! Repeal the mandate !
Repealing the mandate will make premiums skyrocket.
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
Obamacare is the biggest nightmare why don't you Democrats try to help and do something Republicans are trying!!!!!
Obama care is dead, who suffers for that not u ur health care is the best I imagine.  What are ur fucking premiums 0 I imagine .
Hey goofy calm down you started this with the disaster call Obamacare just put us on your plan problem solved you don't deserve it anyway
@michellevisage @SenateGOP 
Thank you @SenWarren just a small correction it was Thurs July 27th not Tue July 27th. Listened 3x.
So are U
Aren't you up a little late trying to fool voters into thinking you're somehow relevant?
The GOP is holding the vote at midnight. Keep up.
What can we do to help right now????
Don't you have better things to do than troll people's twitter pics?
Lol don't worry about him. His self esteem is so low that he's using someone else's name and photo in place of his. No skin off my back. 
I cannot believe how absolutely disgusted I am with the way these bills and votes are being handled.  It is underhanded and sneaky.
You mean like obamacare was handled? Its ok when your side does it but not the other side
But health care needs fixing. Let's get the Houses talking to each other in conference. People need help!!
Pocahantis sounds like you are describing Obama care
Seriously?  Get a clue
I have a clue. That's why I'm a proud Trump supporter

What a drama queen
Detest this anti-American, freedom hating liberal scum!
Any suggestions? Ideas? #actionspeakslouderthanwords #dosomething
Did u show up to vote
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world. Then watch this video
Sen Warren, I know I'm pulling the girl card here, but I don't care. Please hug Sens Collins & Murkowski for Mary in Milwaukee. SO PROUD!
...and you would know wretched because that kinda describes YOU!  Disgraceful!
Thanks for your fervor and compassion!
Thank you.  Now let's work together to make  the ACA better.
Just love you.  You are a fighter for the American people. You have my vote for president
Fraud.
Elizabeth, you are a genius!
Although the skinny bill is not what I would prefer, it's still better than Obamacare and not half as wretched as you.
AWWWW DID YOU GET ALL OF YOUR WORDS RIGHT AWWWW COMMON CORE HAS MADE PEOPLE STUPID LIKE BARACK HUSSEIN
Have you read all of it that quickly? How many pages is it?
Thank you Senator Warren. I am grateful for what you accomplished.
The Dems are the wretched by obstructing thing to help AMERICAN PPL guit fighting like children on the play ground already
i really appreciate all the work you are doing for the american people. thank you. you should run for president next election =)
You're really annoying
James Rosen Fox on Wasserman & IT aide
Obamacare-You can keep your doctor, your premiums wont go up, pre existing is covered. All lies, biggest con by the democratics.
Are you part Native American?
You are unhinged! #goofyelizabethwarren #maga
Such a hateful spiteful disgusting attitude of an elected official. Keep on destroying America and its values Warren!  Lie & manipulate
Continue the fight
And 48 republican senators voted for the bill! Remember that in Nov 2018!
You hated the dang thing before you read it.
Less talk more leaders needed and supported
Is this an episode of Parks & Rec?
Shut up
A Native American that refused to take the DNA test to prove her Native Blood. What do you have to hide Pocahontas?
maybe worse.but it's done. now other problems finally. if djt/mcconnell no "healthcre" guaranteed no wall-  no 53 aircraft carriers, either
Thank you @SenWarren for all you do and your tireless work.  I sleep better knowing you're working so hard for all of us.

I am u reincarnated
Here is some #powerful #woman...I am liking this bitch!: Strong, clever, hardworking, focused and brilliant!! #bad #republicans
PLEASE Run for president.
Thank you @SenWarren for always being an advocate for the American people. Thank you for being one of our heroes tonight. We appreciate you.
Thank you for working so hard that you can't remember what day of the week it is! I applaud all that you do for our great state and country.
Thank you for your service
YOU DID IT! IT'S DEAD!!
Thank you @SenWarren for your tireless efforts to fight for the American people. We appreciate you!
Baffoon
Thanks for ur kindness
Thank you for always giving us the 'skinny' on exactly what is going on there!!!
Fight on! The people will remember who were r champions and who were r oppressors! We behind you!
Hello Hillary Clinton
You're impossible!
You seem a little hyper, and I see substantial evidence of excessive coffee consumption in that video.
It's Thursday night, not Tuesday night, madam Pocahontas, but it's late and you apparently drank.
Okay I love her but she said Tuesday...it's Thursday
PutURmoney where mouth is. SORRY u DON'T SPEND UR OWN MONEY JUST  HARD WORKIN CLASS MONEY U SPEND LIKE WATER. U LIE GET MORE MONEY(CLINTONS)
Go talk to John McCain if anyone can get him to change his mind it's probably you
You are awesome 

We will remember and if lives are lost and they will @SenateGOP you will be held accountable!
When will the bullies in the tops spots of the white house be removed? Each new day brings dishonor to our country by these evil ones
What's  with the cowboy boots? I thought you were Indian?
I love you please if you can call me +237670087227
What an assbag  #fauxcahontas
Lots of admiration for this lady.

#2018DemCampaignSlogan 
They took your healthcare away- don't miss your chance to take away theirs Vote!
Pocahantus, u didnt read it eithet
What do you have to offer? I don't see anything in your empty hands and you criticize people for TRYING? Shame on you.
Then put down Twitter & get to stopping this Repub bullshit bill !
If you vote for this people will be sicker and will end up in the ER with no insurance and drive up costs.The ACA needs revisions & updates.
Shut up ,just shut up already look in the mirror, that is wretched

This idiot would veto a full proof sanctions bill and pass a harmful healthcare bill.  WILL SOMEBODY STOP THE MADNESS?!?!?!
It is worse that I thought

@realDonaldTrump said "Obamacare is dying" NO ITS NOT. The healthcare system was dying BEFORE THE ACA. As an RN I have seen issues up close.
See what has happened since McConnell has been majority Leader?
IMO you're the leader of the party 
Keep pushing, clawing and fighting for all of us in the 99% 
Thank you 
Vote no
@SenateGOP Passing the Health Care Freedom Act will hurt millions of Americans and will cost you your jobs.
@realDonaldTrump said in his inauguration speech, "America first" that he would "fix healthcare" HE LIED,& DOES NOT CARE @SENATEGOP NO VOTE

Single Payer seed is planted. 2018 midterms now about healthcare and lives!
.@SenSanders @SenWarren You Dems R the reason America is in this insurance mess with your LIES: U CAN KEEP YOUR DR, U CAN KEEP UR HEALTHPLAN
Shut up Indian wanna be!
if any senators believe the house won't sign this into law they're on crack...this is all on their heads.
OMG and I thought you were the most wretched thing to hit the senate floor.
The night they killed the ACA, the news lead with Scaramucci profanity rants. Timed distraction. GOP is complicit in everything Trump does!
I'm surprised there has been no mention of or words from former VP Dick Channey in these GOP insidious healthcare proposals.
Don't worry Lizzy, Massachusetts has a 'Better Diehl' coming in 2018. #MakeWarrenTeachAgain @DiehlForSenate
NEED INPUT FROM FRONTLINE HEALTH LEADERS.. ANY BILL without INPUT is DOOMED TO FAIL! EVERYONE from PI KNows PDSA CYCLE...BUILD ON POSITIVES!
Can't wait to replace you w/ @RepGeoffDiehl !
The Bill Cosby vote.
Don't tell us what's in the damn thing, 
force us to take it,
screw us while we're helpless.
(Shame&Blame on the GOP)
Live & learn - don't just live. 
You need to get off your high horse and actually help fix healthcare.  No more potshots from the bleachers!  I'm sick and tired of your this

Well said. Now where are the adults in the Republican Party? Stop trying to dump garbage on American people. Work w/Dems to improve #ACA
We're with you in this, @SenWarren ! Thank you for fighting on our behalf!
Don't give up!!!  Hang in there!
Warren I don't see you with any good ideas for health care so shut up!!!
I thought you said on the floor you haven't had a http://chance.to.read  it- not enough time enough time to flog it though huh?
How do you deal with these soulless bastards every day?
Can't wait until the real Indian brings you down!
What good is ACA if country is bankrupt! Every one got needed healthcare before ACA if they didn't they didn't ask for it!

Look stupid liar ACA has to go! It is breaking the people and the government!Spending must come to a halt!

How about if this thing passes we start taking all benefits from the house and the Senate give them what they give US!!! #SaveAndFixACA
Dems just got the bill, no time to read, and not allowed to ask questions. Some how it's your fault for not making improvement suggestions!

Which is more "wretched," this bill or the Republicans who admit it's a terrible bill, but will vote for it anyway!? #fixobamacare
The bill is just writing on paper. The Republicans who vote for it deserve the blame
@SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman vote NO to #skinnybill
Publish this bill in full context, showing the resulting law. This needs to be permanently associated with every Senator who votes for it.
Senator mije enzi goes on on on, bitter senator, his performance should be on cnn fox and msnbc, cant find his mark, lost, embarrassing
Thank you for trying, tonight. Sen Enzi is ridiculous!!! So frustrating to watch
Thanks Sen. Warren for all you do 4 MA. sorry repubs don't have a conscience & find victory in hurting people/May karma bite them vigorously
Like u wretched!
Can't wait until we vote you out..  Fake Indian.
DEMOCRATS voted for Obama care, before they even saw it!!
Does the bill end funding for planned parenthood?  From my reading, it sounds like it.
And O care is good?Why aren't you on it? Because your an elitist.
You radical limousine libs are the biggest frauds.
Bless you. Whatever happens, happens. Thank you for everything!
Thank you for fighting the fight!
Thank you for persisting!!!
Bills should be released in a form readable by public. Listing "striking x and replacing y" in bill z tells public nothing.
#MidnightMassacre
Keep asking questions! What's the worst they can do? Enzi's gonna crack!! #RESIST
Why don't YOU offer some fixes to the failing ACA???
Where were u when there was a #singlepayer vote today? Not voting yes or no? Just voting present like the rest of dems? Or were u not there?
