Was your claiming "American Indian" heritage a lie or a mistake or somewhere in between? You are an embarrassment.
- @SenWarren 's constituents love her
I'm sure many do.That is how she gets voted in. But thats also why R-s win elections.Would that be too much to admit?
- well, there are a lot of stupid people who vote against their--& in this particular case--the nation's best interests
So would a faithful summary of your comment be: "Most Republican voters are stupid?"
and when CONGRESS makes mistake of not stopping this illegal inaug. this is what we get. we DESRVE OUR RIGHTFUL POTUS
U R getting him. Won 3 elections. Primary, general & elec. coll. Under Trump states will get power back. Make changes locally #StopWhining
Do you know how to read? He did not win the general. He won the EC but he lost the gen by 2.8mil
and the EC sat 50 illegal electors. he CHEATED and is illegitimate. period.
Then the next 4 years is going 2 eat @ u.  u could be proactive & focus on 18 & 20 or u can whine. Repubs choose the former dems the latter
- lol. I recall a lot of whining between 1/20/09 & 11/8/16
Maybe but the Republicans organized and took control of the house, Senate and governors across the country and now the presidency
if by "organize" you mean gerrymander, then I agree with you.
10 million Americans lost their homes because Obama had no foreclosure plan Pocahontas. @stevenmnuchin1
- economy tanked under W., but it's all on Obama. More fact-free opinions from the Right
Yeah, change the subject. Obama's total fail led to Trump's total victory. BOOM! #MAGA
- same subject, correct attribution. @GOP gonna lower the "BOOM" on Medicaid, Medicare, Soc.Sec.
Yeah, I guess you'll have to get a job now. BOOM!
- I have one thanks. Probably one reason I wouldn't be so desperate to vote for Trump, the Pied Piper
You're desperate, baby, you just won't admit it.
He's a SNAKE in the GRASS...Another #SwampMonster 
Par for the GOP course ala #LiarInChief #TrumpyTheClown 
#ImpeachmentCountdown

There is no truth with this FARCE of a man... bears false witness daily #HellAwaits
LOL you sound very unstable & unhinged so I'll leave you to your safe space so you don't meltdown. Have a nice night.
$400k to teach one class. And they say the white man steals from Indians!
@Tiffany_Muller funny Pocahontas!!
You have no moral high ground in which 2 stand. Jet..paid (stole) 4 by taxpayers money. Pocahontas! Have you ever asked for forgiveness?
Speaking of homes, what's with your vote to confirm Ben Carson? Even his friends say he's not qualified!
So proud of you Sen Warren! "Holding up a mirror" in  manureMnuchin's face-but I doubt he saw what a schmuck he is-He's the shyster on high!
Like slowing down the process? Having fun scowling? Scream and rant at Hillary's side when she lost? Your so angry. Move on pls.
Just like the Dems dd under #FATCA #FBAR.  Fail 2 file your local bank account balance when living abroad, your bankrupted.
you must have forgotten all the $ you made in Oklahoma off of the same foreclosures your ripping someone else for. What a joke!
#fakepocahontas
Unfair that ugly human he’s a deplorable as is his nippy wife
so true keep fighting a good fight!
@prichardsonla She's forgets government had a hand in all of those Homes being foreclosed on. She's part of the problem.
Look @ what Bill Clinton did in the 90's he gave mortgages to people who couldn't afford it so the bubble popped on Bush's lap!
Warren is a "foreclosure Queen" made tons of $$$ profiting off the misery of others. #Fanniegate #MAGA
that should be called USA/Trump alternative facts. If his mouth moves it's alt facts!!
@prichardsonla Did you repay back any of the funding you received for pretending to be Cherokee Indian? No... then shut up!
he took the home of women for .27 cents
do your research. @politico lied. #27cents
Did you call out Bob Menendez for being corrupt but still being on committee? If not, shut it.  You need a hobby. #TeamTrump
and you need a soul and a conscience.
because you know me right?  You know nothing about me so why say that? Have a good day.  I know i will.
Thank God for Elizabeth Warren. We need a whole Senate of Elizabeth Warrens. Go enjoy this farce of an inauguration.
its only a farce because you didnt get your way.  Blame your candidate.  1 billion dollars down the shitter. #snowflakes
Gosh it sucks when people take advantage of paperwork, right chief?  #HarvardHoax #StudentDebt
Pocahontas is a Senator.  Senators make and change laws.  The regulated community has to deal with the laws you create dear.  Blowhard
but you voted yes!!!!!!!!
You voted in support of Ben Carson. Why?

@CNN @msnbc @FoxNews Interesting...we can't forget about this.  And...she plans to run for POTUS? If you have to lie about your ethnicity...
@maassp If you didn't pay for it, you don't own it. Most of us learn this as children.
Apply that concept to your internal organs and you'll see that property is more complicated than you claim.
Have another drink.
Yeah, and after the homes were repossed you bought & flipped them. Worthless hippocrite !!!!
You should know. You did same to poor in Ok. What did you do with thousands you scammed them.
Mnuchin will never see it coming until he is lined up in front of Madame Guillotine
you're the best
when you falsely claimed Native American status, was that a mistake or just a lie?
Like the line of credit you failed to disclose? http://freebeacon.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/lineofcredit.pdf …
If they hadn't lied on their loan app or made sure they could afford the home in the 1st place none of this would've happened?
Duh have you not read that he foreclosed on houses of an elderly woman for $0.27? She made a mistake!
, He foreclosed on a 90-year-old woman over 27¢ in Florida. She put 3¢ instead of 30¢ on her check.
[citation needed]
SE. Menendez had him sweating!
no munchkins today plz.. watching our president arrive .
your president not mine
go away Pocahontas.
Says Yosemite Sam.
Libtard??? Did you come up with that all by yourself? Or how about snowflake? So predictable. Don't get your panties all in bunch pretty boy
@SenateFinance why is this confirmation being shown on CSpan only more people need to see this
Hey Mike! Are you going to be under Trumps podium during his inauguration speech?
Yea, you're right!  I accept your ignorance and now I'm bummed out!  Thanks GOP:-(
You know employers look@at your social media?
the reason I do not use my real name as left is always foaming at the opportunity to get someone fired they oppose
That's just conspiracy theory nonsense.
No, 100% truth, it has happened to me and I have seen it happen to many others, this is the age of the grown crybabies
you have no idea how ridicules you sound
I sound ridicules? What does that sound like exactly in that context?
Foreclosure is a legal process..   Ya know... With liberal judges & all
gotta love people springing to the defense of subhuman conman Steven Mnuchin because he wears their jersey. Amazing.
You haven't called us subhuman. Pls do b/c by only calling Mnuchin subhuman,you aren't insulting us enough.
Nobody who is informed as to the depths of Mnuchin's deeds can honestly support him. He is an awful organism.
I was in grad school at Michigan studying.Berating political opponents is the leftist way of life so good job there.
Dodging the point again good job. He Committed widespread mortgage fraud. Robo-signing. Double tracking. Etc. Do you know

you did not just go there.  Pocahontas made millions off foreclosed homes
and I understand Senator  @KamalaHarris failed to prosecute him when she had the chance.
So full of that pesky logic! Counting on you to keep it up.
Stop yor hate. It starts w/you spewing it out from the top. Hve u learned nothing from past election? People sick of the hatred!
Thank you for giving all the greedy billionaires a hard time! Thank you for being so tough! Give em hell!!!
that really is a mischaraterization of what actually happened and i'm not surprised ... i mean you're you
And when Tim Geithner "forgot" to file his tax returns for years @SenateDems made him TresSecretary.  #duplicitous  #hypocrisy
, of course, falsely claimed to be Native American so she could attend Harvard ... there's some great moral authority @SenateDems
you have to be our next President. I was Obamas delegate. I can work just as hard for you
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS!
@TheDemocrats and when you claimed to be Native American was that a mistake or an outright lie ?
@TheDemocrats so did your financial contributors such as Soros , Hilary's relative now
You are a perfect example of why we need term limits in congress...
is that worse than stealing a heritage for personal advancement? Hmmmm... #Fauxcohontas
@BruceBartlett Isn't that supposed 2 be the way it works when u r a privileged white man?
27 cents!!
@BruceBartlett And they didn't make mistakes. They followed the instructions, were told lies that they'd screwed up.
27 cents vs. 100 million.  We're doomed.
when bill was Governer they put lots of people on the street and the church helped them because my pastor was one of them!
Mnucnin reported company, omitted position in Co. Hardly a convincing hide. Am truly saddened by your lack of integrity Senator
The entire Obama administration took those homes.  I had a solid loan of 75% down (150K).  Stayed 2008-2015, still lost 70K.
Just say NO!!
Elizibeth, please propose a bill that would make lying to the public or to congress by an elected official unlawful.
@TheDemocrats the bank made mistakes giving loans to the insolvent
@ProLibtard
munchin is a crook where are the laws though Dodd Frank SEC laws should lead to jail....right
Thank you for keeping him honest!
Ford Motor Company took more than houses, although those burned up too, Ford took lives. @NHTSAgov pay to play
exactly
and The highly compensateds execs will walk away with the stolen money and be forgiven & forgotten by their hired politicians.
once again we pay for the bank's scam and not even bother to protest in a meaningful way
system. What happened in 2008 just repeated again with ma & pa investors in Puerto Rico recently again and as usual banks walked
But After years of fighting the system I now realize you &Bernie are not enough to change our corrupt Banking & political system.
The worst of the crooked add "discount" points to the loans of unwitting borrowers to increase their commission from the deal.
Munchin reminds of crooked mortgage brokers from a past career. Clearly a man with a dirty beginning that continued on and on...
shut up
u r so  rite!
He's arrogant!
Munchkin is vile.
please run for president
go warren!   Kick butt! Love you to pieces
when you make vast sums flipping houses...That'sbusiness. But no one else can. How much do u get to teach (1) class?
. Accept the reality that Donald Trump is now our president
You are no better at all than anybody you attacks!!! Don't fool youself as no one will be fooled by you!!!
Learn from your SIS Hillary, wake up and try to be a real woman!!!
Yet he will be confirmed by your fellow senators. "Forgive the rich, and burden the poor" American hypocrisy on full display.
he followed the laws set up by the govt....you!!!
So make sure he is not confirmed!!! We must take a stand against this!
when you write a shitty law you can walk yourself out
Because of Democrat regulations.
Is this a joke???
why are u not our president
No wonder he has Hundred Million dollars on his personal account.
stay strong and block him. 
: you are a fraud. Used Native American status to go to college, charge college insane amount for one class. A total fraud
Stop lying Faxahauntus
Now, tell us how you stole your gains
when professors make mistakes on their resume, they get promoted!
if you don't pay your mortgage, you lose your home.  Most educated people know that
Says the woman who claimed Indian heritage.
time to unite. enough with the remarks. You run in 4 years but for now it's time to unite the country. Be a leader.
These cabinet picks belong in prison.
exactly!!!!
@TheDemocrats Or remember when #DemonRats forced banks to give loans to #Unqualified buyers?? YOU OWN THIS
Because well, his hustle is a success if he can steal that housr!
thank you!
Judicial Watch says you are one of the most CORRUPT POLITICIANS...
Looks like YOU LIKE FORECLOSED HOMES ALSO?
I appreciate you holding people accountable. Keep up the tough questions during #confirmation hearings!
You Go Woman!!!!
@prolecat84 if trump did that in  hour after swearing in, what happens when he is in  office signing anything that makes him ?
#MakeAmericaSmartAgain
@redknightalx Bless you Never Stop Questioning, showing rationality and resisting fascism
That's where the term "Widow Foreclosure" came from. He foreclosured on thousands of reverse mortgage loans back in '08-'10.
We are proud of you holding these weisels' feet to the fire...burn baby burn
and a .27 cent mistake at that, not $100 million
Get a life. You're totally useless.
smh
Thank you Elizabeth for fighting for the people! #elizabethwarrebforpres
This is a sad day for America. #notmypresident
TARE HIM UP,DESTROY HIM POLITICALLY
u will b a prime candidate for the example that will b set yur progressive ideology will no longer b tolerated in this republic
When people lost those homes, @senwarren flipped them for big profits.
Please keep up the watch for the people. Thank you for your service we are indebted
TRUMP AND HIS SWAMP CABINET PICKS
BIRDS OF A FEATHER
@MSignorile 
Blaming ppl for doing what you legislated - is like tyrants calling themselves victims. YOU'RE DISGUSTING!
Typical republican
Thank you for your tough questions and holding nominees accountable! @SenWarren @TheDemocrats
always the class act...,
As an American and as the father of twin 13 year old girls, I love you so much. Thank you.  #Resistance #UnAmericanCarnage
Keep on them Senator! You represent best of America!
If only you'd supported Bernie in the primaries, we wouldn't be in this fucking mess.
Can we survive such a guy in that position?  Was feeling so depressed this morning when I got up, then I realized why.
keep firing those questions at him they don't care about the people they hurt
, small people say shallow things, Tracey your comment shows your shallowness of issues
When the Clinton Admin & other politicians force banks to make loans they shouldn't, they cause economic disaster for all of us.
GET HIM OUT before he totally forecloses on all American citizenry
that's a lie squaw
#karma
what a lying manipulating statement
It's like you don't live in the real world...
That is so true and thanks for fighting for us!
speaking of mistakes, fake lizzie...where were you when Bernie announced his candidacy?
eliz Warren don't back off Trump & Republicans they think you will after Trump takes the oath
Elizabeth Warren is amazing!
Back warren she has my vote for sec of state
really, he had a problem understanding the form!?! Oh and I believe it was reported it was only a 100 million dollar mistake!
you should have been our 45th Elizabeth!!
Mistake? Omitting a $100M from his paperwork? #Fraud
yeah and he sure took alot of them, even a bunch from service men and women while they were deployed, we'll thank God for you Sen
@SenateGOP a one way street not acceptable.
@MLipkinWriter the double standard is alive and well with GOP
I know Mnuchin and know Warrens work as a mediocre law professor and Steve has 10x the integrity of this shrill lady!
And when Hillary LIED about her unsecured server we were supposed to believe she just made a mistake.
Trump is an illegitimate President. 54% of Americans gave him a mandate: "QUIT. We don't like you!"
Poco-Haunt-Us at it again, let's get to work on fixing things not pandering
please rally and stop these clowns. This is literally the worst cabinet in 50 years.
@donnabrazile On another note, doesn't Melania look STUNNING today
she looks like she didn't sign up for this
Most First Ladies do, but they support with grace.
continue to fight!!
@SenSanders @SenatorLeahy please do not confirm him or Devos.
you are an inspiration.
@xeni And that's when he took the Valium.
riiiight.... What was all that about fake news?
Now isn't that the mentality of ALL those who think they are above everybody else.
Best quote from hearing.
Mnunchin: “Nothing can be further than the truth”.
is it mistakes or fabrications?
over twenty cents. He is what a real monster looks like.
Sadly, theft and collusion won the presidency!! Zero integrity or protection for the American people, shameful!!!
@Springermom70 We need to know how we can remove him You must be our guide lead and we will follow
@Andy shut up Senator Warren
