Give em hell Nasty Lady! Persist!!!
nasty, nasty girl. That's what we have to be now and all women band for midterms. We need to take them down in 2018
Senator Warren, I feel happier knowing there are people like you looking out for folks in America. Keep fighting the good fight
or NOT!
run along and watch some more Tomi Lahren now Scott, the adults are talking
seriously, how are you a senator.  You live in America, but you lack the knowledge of being an American. Star spangled banner?
do you need a personal assistant to get you to the Senate floor or do you follow smoke signals bring a peace pipe try that
thank you for working hard to help the people of the USA!
and please consider looking at HR 676.
we need Congressional budget office review which GOP seems afraid to do. At least ACA had hearings and COB review
Yep. I dream of a land where we have our basic needs met--water, health, air--and are free to pursue our passions.
a land where Donald Trump doesn't rule and freedoms are preserved. All hail Russia for now. Save us
are you for real?  Trump is the best thing to happen to this country
every organization is coming out against Trump care. Hospitals, AARP, Dr, and yet GOP doesn't listen. Don't care
they really just wanna do what they want to do! It's sad so many of their kind don't hold them accountable to all Americans!
Pocahontas, no one cares what you have to say. Soon as you start talking, everyone hears Charlie Brown's teacher.
the Dems have no clue what accountability is. That's why u hate the GOP holding people accountable for what they do
I wish Hillary Clinton could have chosen you or Bernie as her running mate. She would of had a better chance
keep up the good work Senator
wonderful job! Could you also please address the trumpcare that will KILL MILLIONS, lifetime cap? The chronically ill  1/
thank you for standing up for the people - for consumers - for what's right
We need to stop pushing the rigid structure of the past and start teaching kids to think outside the box, looking to the future.
Thank Senator Warren for your vigilance and endurance. America needs you now more than ever!
I'm glad for you and the other New England and New York  Senators are there fighting for us.
you're amazing. grateful you're there watching out for the rest of us. thank you.
Love YOU
you are an inspiration to young women everywhere and we support your efforts to help us against Paul Ryan and the GOP. Go girl!
you do a lot of talking and no action at all.
keep in mind lizzy, you party has no power.
why doesn't she just move to Cuba
Vote yourselves a decrease in pay and term limits. Then we can afford some of these measures.
Thank you; we really need you.
have received a death sentence 2/2
Accountability regs...you know republicans don't believe in them.
@MAHAMOSA get em Lizzy! And don't let them tell you to sit down this time, keep talking even if that gets you escorted
#persist It is absolutely ridiculous what they're trying to do to #education & #epa. We need these programs/regs for our future.
Stay on them!
Waste time, you lost!
Thanks for the update Y o u fake native american. Small A for a reason
While you are there pass President TRUMPs cabinet! Enough of your POLITICAL GAMES LIZZY!! Get your butt to work!
As we move from one disaster to another, keep focused on Trump.  His taxes and his Russian connection. Tillerman has gutted State
Shut up Liawatha.
Thank you. We Ed and our students need a champion.
. Yes Liz open your mouth so 2018 the GOP will have a super majority. You were supposed to stay home today or don't support women?
Bless you Sen Warren on this women's day.
how much does the dem party get from teachers unions? Try working for the kids and not the teachers
wasn't it your side of the aisle that brought in common core? What has your party done for education besides taken union money?
Thank you for your unbelievably hard work and indomentable spirit!  We are so grateful out here!
shame on teachers who called out of work today, you proved you do not put the best interest of your students first.
please speak against the new muslim ban!
Thank you for having the nerve and tenacity to do the right thing.
learning about our health care system through the experiences of people who live in Hopkinton, Boston (like Ty) & Scituate. TY
FIRE THE REPUBLICAN CONGRESS!!!!!!!
Keep fighting for public school funding.
Thank you.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
please save not only us, but everyone that will be effected by this disastrous admn
Go get um!!!
.     You should worry about your credibility not someone else's accountability.
give them hell!!
thank you!
- Break a leg.
get them girl.
love EW
kick their butts!  I'm counting on you
keep fighting I have NEVER been this angry with other Republican President s or Congress before Tired of  LIES and mendacity
go after the backroom drug price puppet masters @ExpressScripts !
I'm tired . A veteran of two wars . How did we get here ?  What is my next step ?
hit and retreat strikes ? Staged from our sympathetic brothers in the north and south ?
We are running out of time 350,000 veterans against the tyrant . What do you think would happen
if you dared to attack Mexico or Canada ?
Refuses to do anything about . You and your colleagues are useless . Our constitutional rights
Are being infringed upon yet you do nothing . The blood of the patriots will be on your hands.  #RESIST
thank you
keep up the battle for good.never relent
thankyou
Thank you.  This is so important for my granddaughter.
What percentage Indian are you? You got $350,000 as a minority for teaching at college.
#daywithoutawoman Thank you @maddow @Lawrence @KamalaHarris @timkaine @GeorgeTakei @SenFeinstein @RepThompson @billmaher #indivis
Well I see you have everybody fooled. Pocahontas your still evil just like your sisters Pelosi and Hillary. Just a bunch of loser
all this deregulation will lead to the next bubble burst....we never learn from our mistakes. Our American exceptionality!
Isn't funny how @realDonaldTrump said that he was wiretapped then WikiLeaks comes out with this on things that can be hack.Thinkg
I'm listening to you tell it like it is! I hope everyone is listening because it's outrageous #4millionairs @OccupyDemocrats
Elizabeth, you are my hero.Don;t let Him get away with anything. Tell us anytime he does something wrong. I vote for you!
thank you for fighting for us!
GET IT !!! Woop! That ass
kick some Senate butt!
; Who the hell cares what Warren is doing?
thank you.  It a terrible bill.  Stand up for students with disabilities.
DO NOT GIVE UP ON #RUSSIAGATE!
Here she goes again. On her way to the senat floor. Maybe she will stay there this time. Put them to sleep!
thank you.  As for ACA I think it is time to push for single payer now that republ. showed they have no plans
go get 'em!!!
GO get 'em!
Give em hell Elizabeth!!
Please hold them accountable!  Thank you for your advocacy! #resist #persist
#mynextPOTUS thank you for working so hard for your state today Senator 
Why didn't you take the day off?@SenWarren
good luck! @senategop wants to destroy anything good. they r so out of touch with constituents
Thank you, Elizabeth, for always having our back
as a teacher myself, and for my wife and daughter and son who are as well, please stand strong against this travesty!
you're still not on the floor!  Get to it so I can go home.
.@SenWarren Excellent. And just a quick reminder to keep the heat on: #TraitorInChief #TrumpRussia #Rosneft #JaredKushnerConflicts #RESIST
Thank you for your tenacity and diligence. Peace!
Go, Senator Warren!!
the federal court government shouldn't be involved in education, it should be done at the local level!!
#adiosIN18
Give them hell, Senator Warren!!
run for president and you will be our first lady president. you got my support
you're a hero to so many, keep up the good work senator!
Thank you for fighting! This cannot pass (and if it does, I'm taking names!). 
thx for celebrating our day this way!
Big Chief Running Mouth says...
If only we had "accountability regs" for Senate.
You go girl
Oh no! We certainly can't  have accountability. It would keep all the kleptocrats out of prison.
Not tht u need reminded but frm a mother w a disabl child who wo regs wld not hav grad h.s. & presently attend college & rec asst, tu 4 fght
circle the wagons. Oops  I guess you would be on outside feather head
good luck and thank you!
Give 'em hell, Liz!  #resist #stayloud #nobannowall
been asking you for HELP with my disabled child for 3wks! Call Nyrobi&staff 20times with NO response!! Fil'd/fax d u !
There is enough profit & questions about Trump to investigate, indict &remove him, b4 he hurts more people! Nothing else matters!
thank you. Keep fighting for us.
we are counting on you! This IS a big deal!
They are subsidized welfare cheats
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator.
simply refer to it all as "welfare" "subsidy" "assistance"...these guys think they are eat what they kill capitalists. Bull.
so many fires to put out...keep up the faith we need you!!!!
Thank you for your steadfast effort to protect the interests of American people.
She is a corrupt demo., you people are so blind.
WHO WOULD WANT TO HEAR THIS RANTING WOMAN, ELIZABETH WARREN. SHE IS ABSOLUTELY CRAZY
thank you
You are awesome! Thank you for working for working people!!!
ur such a persistent nasty woman. Keep it up!
get it through their thick heads
good Pocahontas
Thank you for taking the fight to them!
Thank you for defending the rights of every child.  ESSA is an improvement that MUST move forward. @NAESP @mespa1 @EarlyEd4All
Go get 'em Liz!!!
I hope some day OUR politicians can learn to work as a team instead of disagreeing in everything and doing poorly for the US.
the person who lied her way through school and can't recall her actual heritage priceless lib
Heading to a Pow Wow 
thank you for standing up for Us!
well its time for everybody to hit the mute button
Does the senate hear from ed experts? Most senators are not qualified to make decisions that impact schools, students & teachers.
Go gettem, girl!!
Those evil hateful republicans, huh - Lizzie.
Don't let them off the hook! I still say we need at least 59 more like you! Stand your ground Senator.
been asking you for HELP with my disabled child for 3wks! Call Nyrobi&staff 20times with NO response!! Fil'd/fax d u !!
hang in there. I have so much respect for you.
go Senator Warren!
I have been asking you for HELP with my disabled child for 3wks! Called Nyrobi&staff 20times with NO response!! Fil'd/fax d u !!
SAVE ESSA
Yhank You for your incredible drive to keep our democracy flourishing!  We use not repeat the decline & fall of Rome!
may as well pitch a tent!
#supportpublicschools
GO Elizabeth!
Consider asses kicked!
God Bless you Sen. Warren, stay the course!!
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
U mean tracking our kids through Common Core?Or not giving families a choice 4 better educations4 kids?!Ur allAirhead,Socialist,AlinskyDups!
Thank you for standing up for the America people! I feel you are the only politico we can trust who speaks up for justice!!
give them hell Senator Warren!
what time
wow
Cut them bitches!
as a sped teacher in mass please keep fighting for all of our kids. #savepubliceducation #resigndevos
give em hell. Please keep fighting.
This is something to watch as it is day to day workings of the US Government which I do not think we see in the RU Federation.
