Please also share your ideas for how the ACA could be improved so it works better!!
It simply is not AFFORDABLE!
For a lot of working families, it is. But for many it's not, agreed.
Agree but not structured correctly. Wife's brother's ACA premiums $9.6K for 2. Deductible $7.0K each! Makes $36.0K. Can't afford groceries!
The two of them only make $36K together? Surprised they're not getting a bigger subsidy! (I sympathize tho: We pay $20K for our fam of 4!!)
$20K for 4! Don't know how you do it.
Me either!! It's insane. But no worse than before ACA, honestly. And at least our 10 yo daughter cancer survivor can get coverage now.
I'm a survivor. Happy for all. That's the upside of ACA. Wife's brother lives in Alabama
Your empty headed followers await your knee jerk reaction!
The empty headed continue to support Trump in the face of mounting evidence against his campaign and his growing list of lies.
Do you believe your own BS?  
I believe in facts. You believe in Fox.
Facts?  The only people that think the administration is in trouble are unhinged liberals.  Good luck with your 'facts'!
And the Independents who voted for Trump, and the White House advisors who are leaking to the press like maniacs, and a very few sane GOPers
Lol...Virginia.  You're going to be so disappointed.
And you're going to resist the truth as long as you possibly can.
I'm the biggest GOP health care detractor there is, but to be honest, that is not a fair or unbiased way to read and comment on any bill.
Yeah, but when you take into account that Ted Cruz's views and role in the process, the bar is set very, very low.
Nothing to do with my point. If she is going in with that attitude (whether it is justified or not), she is not going to come out with a...
...helpful, objective opinion on the bill. So what's the point? I don't want to read her opinion based on that. I want to read an...
...objective, unbiased, honest opinion on the bill. It would not be fair or rational to do it any other way.
I get that, I don't think we're going to see that on either side of the aisle any time soon unfortunately.
Closest thing is the CBO report, but this admin is doing everything it can to discredit the agency simply because they don't like results.
I don't mind ANY feedback from ANYONE. But I only want to hear feedback from someone whose mind is not made up already. That goes for...
#CNN mug on full display; #ElizabethWarren says #FU to voters
Can't wait to hear what you think about it!!
Translation: "I can't wait for you to tell me what to think"
Rude, rude, rude...so simple a sand pounder can understand. 
SO unhappy that the "health care" I had hoped for in my old age is about to be yanked from underneath me.  I am 62, disabled since 2013,
News Flash... It reads like this, "Insurance companies don't understand that profits can be made with more clients if done right".
I'm still waiting for my $2500, and by the way I can't find my doctor anywhere. So keep reading you might find it for me.
Why don't you try WORKING with Republicans to make Changes that you Want on the Bill, instead of just "RESISTING"???
That pretty much sums it up.
Y'know, if the way to personal power is by putting her constituents first, then I applaud Sen. Warren's quest for personal power. #GoLiz
Yes, I do. That's what makes it all the more admirable, because everyone else would gleefully stomp on the little guy on their way up.
When did Senator Warren stomp on ordinary people to get power? Can you cite an example?
Congress is split, which shows divide, a congressperson has to follow a party regardless of their heart and mind? 
O boy, can't wait. At least a real indian is going to whip your ass, phony Pocahontas. So long princess.
Seems to me you just did share your thoughts.  And how does that #FakeCoffee taste? @CNNcoffeemug
Reminder GOP, Governments first and most important roles is to "protect the American people"...healthcare...!
and fearful that without medical care and meds I will lose my fight for life.  Thank you for working to avert a disaster for us seniors!
Dem;s passed  Obama care with out reading it,,,,Now youv;e learn to  read   Republicans bill,,,,,,
I believe you belong in the Oval Office.  Please take steps to make this a reality...
Rip? Is that what you called it when employers dumped workers & forced them on exchanges for twice the money? Or they just paid the fine?
Thank God - Pocahontas's is going to tell us the truth. She is so credible and believable.
stop abusing free speech to convince america to never elect republicans again! your such a fanatic it's hard for average people to believe u
Wish the ACA was read before it was passed. @NancyPelosi waited until after
#SnowFlakes
#Democraps
#Libtards
#SWAG... surest sign of #bias....lol
Liz - did you ever read the  entire Obamacare bill?
Derp
fake Indian fake news coffee cup fake outrage
well that shouldn't take long
America NEEDS  to care for our planet, healthcare for all, new infrastructure, not more military-industrial growth.  Thanks.
gonna send up smoke signals?
Good and why don't you start paying your female staff equal wages while your doing something yes taking people not disabled off medicaid
@SenWarren, exactly what Obamacare did to me! You wouldn't know tho since Congress has own plan
Hi
those that gad it DEMS took it away-those who didn't have it should not expect a government handout-the new system is simply a readjustment
You...Pelosi and Waters are senile.
Health sector providers charge higher prices to uninsured than to insurance companies. You think that's right? https://teawithft.blogspot.com/2009/06/but-there-is-minimum-minimorum-reform.html …
Look at your CNN coffee mug tainted are we
In the same way you liberals celebrate the way babies are RIPPED out of the mother's uterus alive ... BY THE MILLIONS  You lying witch
At least you get to read it before you sign it right?!
stop the lies we all know the truth
That's not true and you know it! We should have to pay for insurance that we don't need!
>CNN Cup
I have no healthcare bc of obama. But illegals have hlthcare Thanks very much for being anti- American
You mean your thoughts on bailing out insurance companies do they get richer.. on to you lady #imfortherealindian
Please Don't-tired of hearing from Chief Woompoomboom.
2018 can't come soon enough!
Staged Photo, you didn't read ObamaScare...now you read? The CNN Coffee Mug & Donught almost out of pic. Phony!
Somebody has to pay for it.      People like u wanna give it away to all the illegals and non workers!   We are sick of it!
I'm a democrat one hundred percent and I believe you are the person who has to go against Donald Trump policy.
What about the 30 million Americans that Obamacare kicked off their insurance? Nice CNN cup in the background...#FakeNews
Save your time. #WeResist #IWillPersist
Maybe if Democrats didn't try to give everything away for free,  people wouldn't feel like things are being "ripped away"
#FakeIndian
We don't want forced health care 
I can't afford car insurance. Obamacare is getting more expensive every year
NO !! Please keep your thoughts to your self I am tired of this absurd pretense intended to create a communist country, MAGA
The problem is, you think the government is the solution to the problem, while it is actually the problem.
You can read?
I really wish people would quit lying I don't know why the Republicans. don't just let Obama care fall flat on it's face that would help dem
Since last time dems were so very honest while ripping coverage from millions. No I didn't get to keep ins or Dr. Didn't save $2400 either
Like the ACA did?
Silly woman did you say this same thing 8 years ago when Obamacare made it's gang buster appearance?  SMH
You are among the silliest woman in Washington They say ignorance is bliss-are they right?  SMH
cnn mug in the background. i think we already know what your thoughts are
Notice the CNN logo on the coffee mug next to the carafe
Indian my foot.
You mean by not fining people for refusing to buy insurance that they can't afford - that's going to rip away health care?
Share your thoughts with people who care what you think. According to my calculations, there are 7 people who pretend to care what you think
yes she is a nut case
Dump Pocahantas in 2018!  We The People reject Elitist Socialists in USA. Elect @va_shiva 
Nice CNN mug.
That's a CNN cup on the table...Figures Fake news, fake native american
We don't care what your thoughts are. Your last thoughts thought you deserved to call yourself an Indian. #Shiva
That's a CNN cup on the little table to the right next to the coffee pot. Interesting.
 #NASTY woman has a #CNN coffee mug in her lastest "THEY WANT YOU TO DIE" trying with #CNNdirt bags to round up their escaping sheep 
You are one of the reason I left the party.. That's right people. I'm a proud conservative Republican.. God bless. #MAGA
Nice CNN coffee mug...
Nice Coffee cup.... no wonder you are full of $ h i t
Notice the CNN mug on the back right
Please help stop this mafia run wh.
What after you agree with the ANTICHRIST ......
That's a nice cup of fake news you've got there Senator Pocahontas.
FAKE INDIAN! Nice CNN mug in the back...now I know that if you run for president, you're going to collude with CNN, just like Hillary.
Way to read it with an open mind and not judge things. #lovenothate Pocahontas
..is that a CNN mug, Pocahontas?
Nice fakenews cup you have there.  Also maybe read the bill BEFORE complaining about what's in it?
Lizzy,  we the people do not want a single payer health system. Free markets works great. Govt sucks handling programs. Wake up !
"Guys take a pic of me pretending to do work. Perfect photo opp". Unbelievable. Nice CNN mug by the way. Fake politicians love fake news
Don't bother! Smart Americans don't care about your thoughts or opinions.
If you had spent this much time reading the healthcare plan before #Obamacare was enacted, then it might not be the disaster that is now.
STFU Pocahontas
So... how can someone who lies about their ethnicity become a government leader? Something is really wrong here. No morals ethics! Go TRUMP!
It's actually your DNA report from http://ancestry.com  it says you're Russian!
You keep ready Warren.  What about the statistics regarding those who can't afford or lost care under Obamacare???
You go get them Pocahontas!
Hey I like u, but u just pulled a DJT move by leaving us hanging till "soon" comes. #don't leave us hanging. Still like u tho
YOU ARE ATE UP WOMAN
You and the rest of the demorats should all resign! You have destroyed this country!
Here's all you need to know. My premium before ACA $155 per month. Deductible was $10. Now premium is $650 per month and $1,500 deductible.
Get the picture? You and your Democrat friends have DESTROYED health care coverage in this country!
I'd say you'll pay for your actions... but you already are!
Oh you mean you are reading this one before passing it.  Nice wish you had done that 7 years ago
Spare us your divisive and obstructionist rhetoric please.
please don't waste everyone's time,
Appreciate all the diligent work you do to look at the details, study the law, share the information, and stand up for people. Thank you.
Be STRONG!!!
What kind of ins do you have? Give that to everyone.  That would fix everything.
She cares more about Kid rock running for senator than upholding the laws and confirming The presidents cabinet picks. Obstruction, always
Millions of illegals will lose health care. Elisabeth Warren does not want that. She likes that we pay her salary and illegals healthcare.
Just lost my Blue Cross Exchange plan. What is your plan? Oh yea. You have none.
And when did you learn to read? You usually accuse & blame prior to reading anything!
That's right! Rip that failed Health Care w skyrocketing premiums w/o treatment. An illegal system to force $ to line pockets.
YAWN
Pleas don't. Most of us don't care what you have to say.
If they didn't deserve it in the first place then you're not really taking anything away
Look, Elizabeth Warren pretending to work for a photo opportunity. You're not fooling anyone Pocahontas.
Please do all you can to protect Medicaid and ACA....as is
Please don't share any thoughts...its irritating n as always Nasty ))
Where was this FAKE concern when the ACA ripped away MY ins?
UR a fraud,  a scam artist ..a LIAR
or in ur language ,"u speak w/ fork tongue"
That's not how you spell "Make insurance affordable for the majority of Americans." C'mon Chief Warren Eagle.
"Why white man take Medicaid from illegals?  Liewatha not happy."
Yeah, like you didn't have your staffers read it for you, with instructions to find you good talking points to tear it apart.
Not forcing purchases is "ripping away" God we really are in 1984 Doublespeak.
Please take your time so you don't miss something.
Repeal Obamacare totally. Let the insurance companies write the ins policies. Provide guide lines. No Government allowances.
So why the sudden interest in reading health care bills??? Have you read Ocare yet?
Thank you for all you do
MEDICARE FOR ALL. TO HELL WITH ACA.
maybe you can come up with something better,,,but i won't hold my breath,,
"1000's will die...Blah,blah... Evil republicans... Blah,blah,blah... It's a right... Blah,blah,blah.."
"No, I don't have any proposals."
fams/dtrs not going to be able to pay debts, successfully complete ch13 plans, get relief & survive w/o health insurance b/c household cost
Why read this?  You never read the Obamacare tax bill
Disgustingly misleading
Hmm... how about looking up Joe Manchins voting records instead they mite be more helpful as you will see who he really is!
Lies should always be written out first so that you can better remember if asked to repeat them.
You mean how it plans to stop FORCING citizens to pay for expensive, poor quality, health care?
hello how are you??
Kind of the way you ripped off Native Americans heritage
Let me guess. U are going to FIGHT against everything and everyone?  How about telling us where the profits from your book r being donated?
Multiple lies promoted by different Democrats is not the definition of Capitalism.
Be sure to talk about the 6 million that lost insurance under ACA, and the atmosphere rocketing prices of healthcare.
remove the part that say you elected officials do not have to follow the bill
Don't bother.  No thinking person cares about your thoughts.
"Quick take a pic of me while it looks like i'm reading the bill." You have done nothing but grandstand and waste taxpayer money. Failure!!
Stop lying, Fauxcahontas.
Never give up, never give in. Never cruel nor cowardly... You can win the day.

Lol. You had someone take a picture of you pretending to read the bill. Haha. At least I know if you run in 2020 Trump will get 4 more

NICE CNN CUP IN THE BACKROUND, THEY PAYING U OR YOU PAYING THEM?
Here's a thought Pocahontas:
C an't
U nderdstand
N ormal
T hinking
How do we know you're not reading some of crooked Hillary's deleted emails?
your the reason we moved to Maine
I'm just gonna criticize it.
