keep telling your lies Warren.  We want every executive Obama signed gone
really? You have an issue with establishing an order of succession at the DOJ?
or maybe you're mad about updating the criteria for a Purple Heart?
perhaps it was that commission on national cyber security that really bummed you out
you should probably have read the EOs (any of them) before rambling about banning them all.
Silly girl!  Everyone knows Trump supporters don't read
everyone knows liberals have no idea what's going on between New York and LA
So tell us. Seriously. I'm curious to know how anyone can see Trump as a good man
you mean the executive orders he used to circumvent passing bills in Congress?
The same congress that decided not to work w/him, spread lies, & shutdown the gov't. Yeah 
you realize that you are talking about his own party right?
your 'fake narrative' seems to mimic 'fake news.' Keep it up, please...
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Just because he calls it fake news, doesn't make it factual. More lies 4 u 2 feed off of.
exactly.
But if you contradict yourself in an argument, there is not much I can do.
I'm not sure I follow u. Who contradicted themself?
If I call something a lie ('fake news'), it doesn't make it the truth (fact) Now the direct object is both lie and truth...
Would that not be 2 direct objects?
okay, last try.. if I call Obama a liar, it doesn't make Obama a truth teller.... Obama => direct object.
capeesh?
I know what a DO is. U didn't answer my question; in that sentence is there not 2?
Obama was the traitor, You really need to know you're facts.
Are U RUSSIAN? Solute your Illigitimate Russian golden shower #notmypresident
are you Indian or not?!
Well, for every group of people that this admin shafts, those people that will vote DEM.
Unless the DEMs drop the ball.
please find a way with your colleagues to stop this insanity!
Ya think? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C2fszHBUcAIJ3Y4.jpg …
Keep on fighting Facts with Fear
Once again he will prove you wrong. Better protect your next election. All the Dems look mighty silly
LIKE THE 188,000 FLORIDA HEALTHCARE WORKERS. Trump brings back jobs only to loose more
What could go wrong?  LMFAO!
Something might actually get done in Washington now !!!
LMFAO your clueless
Enjoy the next 8 years snowflake..
Enjoy 6 months Impeachment soon! Racist Golden Shower lover #notmypresident
keep telling the truth http://sadflag.com  #sadflag
Liar.
work together as an American
Please keep doing what you are doing. The country is counting on you. #inspiration
Only if he shows up for work.
hey Pocahontas why are you telling lies and trying to scare Americans? adding your name to the snowflakes
Stop already!! Stop bitching and get to work with our new President to #MAGA!!
: Warren, you use scare tactics so folks will listen to YOU!!!
u lie
If they follow thru w/eliminating so many programs & depts,how many will be unemployed?
Too bad he won't keep his campaign promise of showing his taxes !!!
it's too bad that the Democrats caused all that. Under a democratic Administration. Where your big Honcho
Watching this idiot become leader of the free world is literary making me sick!
can we impeach him on Monday.
I'm hoping Trump starts to lose his job on Monday.
How heartless can he be?  Keep doing what you can to expose him for what he is.
Because we do not matter
I am already expecting to be unemployed within 1-2 years. I work with those that depend on aid to live.
@seriousfun8309 @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Fear tactics, Lizzy. YOU might miss a paycheck or two. Go flip a house, you liar.
why aren't you helping prepare for impeachment?  RU guys going to ignore Emoluments clause? @neilpX @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
The minute he takes oath he's in breach of Constitution. He shouldn't be president for long!@neilpX @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Again COULD doesn't mean it WILL happen.
as compared to the millions who lost jobs under the former POTUS?  Do you have Obamacare?
#ImpeachDonaldTrump
Thanks for everything you can do Been terrified since DJT was announced PEOTUS. What will he make of USA
Then make sure he doesn't follow through. Remind him he'd be screwing the very group of people who elected him. #bluecollar
Respectfully, had you and other officials supported  Bernie, we could have had a very different outcome
Pitiful so many white working class voters drank
Trump kool aide -they're ones who will suffer less $,0 healthcare
How is working together working for you?
Scare tactics from the left are getting very boring.
GOOD THEY DON'T DO ANYTHING ANYWAY! You should lose your wages& benefits too! OBAMA CARE IS HISTORY!
"MORE LIES, SPREADING MORE FEAR TO THE SNOWFLAKES, THAT @BARACKOBAMA CREATED!" Elections Have Consequences! Buttercup!
@charles_gaba if ? For eliminate and repeal government the GOP led congress will attack the public good.
Good to know Beth. But, there's two sides to every story and you only care about one. You're terrible.
What? NO WAY TO keep cutting from hard working to build it up to earn it! DJTRUMP is a real damn cheap he is Billionaire!
good.
FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING FAKE REPORTING
They have to have a job first, don't ya think?
DT President&Co+GOP Congress+ GOP SupremeCourt=Rich Get Richer&Poor get Poorer+US Constitution ignored!
Thank you Senator Warren for informing us of all  the losses people will suffer!DT&Co.+GOP Congress are unfit to Govern
too late now though.  should have thought of that 8 months ago....
If he does tht an take food out of folks mouths then no doubt his time in office will be REAL SHORT! Smdh
Sounds perfect to me 
if #USA appeals #ACA it will lower standard of living for millions of citizens.
Government EXTORTION via the faux ACA is what lowers living standard!
united we stand   There is an historical reason for the rise of unions
we need to stand together and fight for our rights.
Stsy string ! U are heroes t 2 us all ! I want u to be my granddaughters hero as well . Got yr back
damn shame is what it is. Can't say we didn't see it coming though.
Workers have been fucked over for the past 8 years. Nothing Trump will do Monday can make it any worse.
how can we have your back? We can't swear in this charlatan as our commander in chief along w/ his corrupt, unfit cabinet.
All his executive orders shld be removed. His whole presidency shld be wiped from record.
pay attention people!!!
why are you lying to people
why are you living to people
Workers??? You mean the ones being offered $2500 to Riot, burn, and create Chaos at the Inaguration?
Oh, be quiet Elizabeth. It's going to be a long time before what you think matters, honey. Try to get some rest.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @POTUS I'm ready for a fight! This is HORRENDOUS for our country!!
she's never created a job in her life
Wait a minute ! I thought Trump was going to be the workers friend.Another big fat lie,I guess.
@SenSanders hold them to account for every promise and decision being made without being obstructionist
You skipped out the hole?
Elizabeth Warren you are a disgrace! Shame on you & many more for not giving our new president a chance!
Scare tactics by the left,1 sorry as* party.
Nobody is losing jobs or health insurance monday  fake senator !
thank you for fighting for those who often do not have a heard voice.
love u lady
If they cut my SS I will have to kill myself, I will lose everything AGAIN & I am 70 with health issues
@GhostPanther stop the fear mongering already
Unfortunately, he speaks his mind without cycling the requisit thoughts through it first.
@GhostPanther @realDonaldTrump @POTUS well at least they have the weekend.
Pretty sure he only want's to reverse the ones that chain up the economy. Gotta turn it to emotion and BS
should have been the law, not just an order. Do your job @SenWarren
djt doesn't understand that nor does he care. #illegitimatePresident
@IndieRevolver @realDonaldTrump @POTUS lizzy, you are a terrible person, stop being divisive and work on bringing people together
YES POCAHANTAS
DT voters are feeling pretty betrayed.  What will they do when critical mass is reached? To the Streets!
You were loosing a country under Obama...
Take a seat, The Donald will restore the natural balance again
socialist says what?
everybody can see how delusional you are its sad....i dont understand how you got elected
you speak with forked tongue. No wampum will be lost.

oh please stop your nonsense
you know @realDonaldTrump is a traitor and puppet and is far from fit to be @POTUS
we were warned so get ready for the set back. He never thought min wag should be raised.
He doesn't give a crap. He's made it as far as he's concerned.
Liz take a Xanax n chill out it will be ok we survived Obama's mandates we'll survive trumps maybe not u
if he's not still taking time off from the inaugural. #ifyoucantrunwiththebigdogs
and do you truly think that  cares? He'd let us all die first

good!
Elections have consequences #You #Lost @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
#Fakenews from a sore loser.
just adore watching you give this asshole a hard time! Keep on fighting we are so grateful!
- so POTUS should have worked more with Congress instead of going the #PenAndPhone route
we need your strength right now. Please stay strong
Shameful
I fear for our country. Trump is determined to sew chaos & discord worldwide. I. Am. Terrified.
hopefully this is all talk!
what can I do to stop this from happening?
maybe go talk to him, that is what humans do when the h want to figure things out. U can thank me later
says the person following her....
Is this concern causing worry for yourself or the people?
here we go Donthecon showing who he really is and back tracking on every campaign promise.
Your speaking of workers. Did you hire your new assistant to do your tweeting yet. What a phony
He's already said he doesn't want to start working until Monday so workers will have a few more days.
This is why it was bad idea to govern by "phone and pen" executive fiat. Easily reversible.

Cry harder.
I think that all @SenateGOP @HouseGOP should have to give up theirs too.
.
Only if he decides to show up for work.  He might need a three day weekend.
What a fear monger!  Are you gonna Give up your SALARY? Lets see your homes and investments
Again Pocahontas you spew fear for your own personal agenda.

I hope the ones that lose it are the ones who voted for him!
I want him to lose it; no one else. Well maybe the gop, esp congress. They are selling the US.
Liz stop the scare tactics please
@POTUSLiawathha
Unfortunately, a reality based civics lesson on having the right, but not the enthusiasm to vote...
nice to know so many want to overthrow the government.
ifO had done it through congres instead of exec order, u wouldnt have this problem. Dems did this.
ultimate failed President, couldnt get anything done.  Failed BS liberal agenda.
FEAR MONGER
Executive Order 13658
we are doomed
the free ride is over people!
Plus why were Ovama's Executive Orders "illegal" and new ones by DJT not illegal ?
same way jackass enacted with stroke of a pen since he couldnt actually accomplish anything
And he wouldn't care bc he has no clue what an average, working American goes through. #notmypresident
The Constitution makes America great. On the 20th, Trump's Presidency will imitate a 3rd world country
It's OVER. LET IT GO. U think Americans r that stupid? Gimme a break. Shameful.
Executive Order 13658
Fake News
thank you @realDonaldTrump let the repeals begin @POTUS
Thank you for fighting for working America! Don't forget us.
Stop the fear mongering.
and those are the ones who voted for him, sad!
should executive orders cover these items? Should have went through Congress
and actually Monday since he's taking the weekend off apparently.  Some of us though do work weekends. #artist.
We should be holding ALL politicians accountable. They should not be exempt from scrutiny cs U voted 4 Em
@RobertMackey @realDonaldTrump @POTUS http://m.imgur.com/k6UpUUT?r 
chaos is #DJT bailiwick #notmypresident #ethicsmatter #FakePOTUSTrump
Don't worry. He will follow through. You're not concerned about all the lost wages from Democrat policies
Yes, start fresh & repeal it all Last 8 yrs were miserable & we don't believe ur wealth distribution plan
He doesn't care Trump is more concerned with getting revenge on Obama Trump will repeal the ACA with glee
Well, they are going to lose them, then. Elections have consequences.
It's so sad that all these things can happen and you and your ignorant cronies can do nothing about it!
so much for DJT creating jobs.Should've known-he has no plan 2 move his product manufacture 2 USA cr8jobs
At least we don't have to worry about grizzly bears in schools anymore. @BetsyDeVos has that covered
I'm sure his voters didn't know or understand what he stood for - all they wanted to do was yell "Lock Her Up"
Would you not prefer that Congress pass laws and let POTUS execute them? Thank you.
when will  Dem's stop calling for DJT bateNswitch.  Look at his pattern:just b4 controversal act
he throws a bone of controversy to press to chase after & distract from real direction of administration
Lowes lays off 2,400 FT workers.If @realDonaldTrump takes credit for more jobs, he must take credit for lost jobs #MakeHimOwnThis
agree
