The same stupid people who voted him into office will be completely oblivious to this FACT.
Till they can't get a mortgage then they will be all freaked out
They'll find a way to blame it on Obama.
@IAmSteveHarvey 
Well I guess my dreams of buying a home is dead for now. Thanks for all of your help Steve
please get on the television and make everyone aware of this. Tweets are not enough. You need to out front!
Shame on Trump! What about a government for ALL people?
If you can't afford 29$ a month more...you don't need to buy a house.
We just took ten steps back! How is this good for home building industry & for lower/mid class Americans?
not true
you have to earn a house. Not a right, a privilege. You dems just love to give the farm away. Everybody gets a trophy... No more
Not true... it didn't change the standards to gain approval for FHA.  It changed the insurance aspect.
stop being a fear mongor.
how many times do you usually tweet the same thing?
because he is a responsible businessman. Cut the debt.
Multi- millionaire EW pretends to care about middle class with tweets filled w lies. EW is why I left MA
Don't want another 2008.
Trump is 2 weeks from. Overthrowing the U,S, government .inc, Dems. Please listen to those who see it from the outside .National security!!
If those cuts alone caused them to not qualify, they weren't ready anyway.
They sure didn't waste any time! But yeah,multi-billionaires care about lower/mid class. Very alarming!
this is just the beginning
JUST STOP!!!!
STOP the continuing BS to divide us!!!! STOP the LIES!!! You are a sh*t stirrer!!! We will UNITE without YOU & your HATE
why does MA & EW waste tax payers cash by giving free methodone and free rides to clinic to addicts w dirty urine?
IF EW paid HER female employees the same as HER male employees we could believe what SHE is saying.
then stop voting for his nominees . I liked you but now realize you are not for democrats spineless
Maybe you shouldn't have approved Ben Carson
they are making bank for 4 years and leaving the mess for the next administration. Bullies
You argue both sides. They give the loans to people on the bubble and you call them predator loans.
That's why @realDonaldTrump will never be a real American President. It's all about him.
stop endangering people do your job and confirm the presidents cabinet!
@maddow Worth explaining on TV. Bigger bang than the dumb numbers
Stats, we've seen the manipulation of numbers before. How about some facts
And so it begins
another 4 years of this crap. He needs to be impeached sooner than later.
That's 8 more years.  @yolag213 @SenWarren @POTUS @nardotrealtor
or less than 4 years
Sorry snowflake, not going to happen! @soverton8410 @yolag213 @SenWarren @POTUS @nardotrealtor
Never say never. People make plans God laughs
if a traitorous gay muslim like @BarackObama made it 4 years anyone can @david_davidjay5 @soverton8410 @SenWarren @POTUS
Oh your one of those. Gotcha.
cut would be about $29/month. If $29 is what can make someone not afford a house, they have bigger problems
Obama could've enacted anytime over his 8yrs BUT he waited until he left to make it look like Trump's issue
ppl need to relize some cant afd 20% dwn payment.doesnt mean they're nt responsible and wnt pay back later
Will the surge in housing starts across the US will die as more people can't afford them. That's a Billionaire creating prosperity?
If U like your doctor, keep your doctor.  I never had sex with that woman. Benghazi doomed by protest video
When Warren entered college, she played a minority card and claimed to be American Indian?
Warren is a liar, a manipulator, & Swamp Dweller!.  Does Hillary's bidding.  Shame, shame senator!
Real estate market crash was complicated.  Good loans went down w/bad.  Watch movie "Big Short", u decide.
U R in favor of more unqualified loans that crashed market.  IRRESPONSIBLE!  IRRESPONSIBLE !  IRRESPOMSIBLE
The rate change will protect the government guarantee for all Hud loans.  Foresight was lacking in 2008!
This is a lot of guts.  It was your party who stole my home!  Only kept retirement when removed from market
Everybody who believes Warren's lies, should see the film "the Big Short"  Congress saw mortge crash coming
This includes the "oversight" committee.  Joining committees in Washington if a free lunch & lobby resume
Contacted congress in 2009 over suspicious lenders, 10 congressional committees failed system,
FHA foreclosed on just as many loans as any other lender, but 10 congressional committees failed us.
why are you lying about @nardotrealtor article Your misquoting which is why no link. Article points to prior admin, not @POTUS.
The United States isn't a charity! Needs to be run like a business. Obama and Dems bankrupting USA.
You Bullies are pathetic. So Glad @POTUS won! You freaks want everything for Free! NO MORE!
That just means they can't afford a home! If you can't afford it... don't buy!
how much you think it cost in cambridge family court to have equal rights @SenWarren thousands
Calling BS on that one, Slick!
I use to care but hope those Trump supporters figure out another option.
ya . Nothing is for free. Get a job work hard and save money . That is what we all should do for a house
This affected me.Closing Costs up 700/mortgage up.I'm single mom,social worker-Didn't TRUMP say hes help the middle class?
Warring against middle class Day One.
This will diminish new home construction.
This will also diminish the buying power of every home buyer that will utilize the FHA program.
All, the MIP is not going up, it will remain the same as it was under Obama.
That is Awesome!!! Making America Great Already!!!
.@SenWarren @POTUS @nardotrealtor So, you want another housing crisis like the last one @TheDemocrats caused? You're a nut case, lady.
what a shame 
For shame 
yup, that's me being hurt by DT's first day in office! Help!
and here comes our next housing crisis!!!
They have to look it over because your old boss pushed a bunch of crap through in his last week
@MAHAMOSA @POTUS @nardotrealtor Does it make govt smaller at all? If so, big picture it's probably a good thing @Theproblemshow
resist, obstruct, filibuster this con man on Penn Ave.
not surprising. Trumps actions have never supported "the people".
DT may talk like an ordinary man BUT those who voted for him will soon learn he doesn't  have their interest at heart
If the only way you can afford a home is a cut in the ins premium, it may not be a wise financial decision to buy right now
suspended is different from killed.  His admin wants chance to review and get best deal.  Living promises.
Those cuts would've cost FHA $5B in 1 yr. and put the capital reserve below the needed ratio of 2%. Get smart or get out!
Keep up the fight.I'mfight'g 4 ALZ. Caregvrs who save Cntry billions,sacrifice their lives,& areforgotten.
He couldn't wait to start screwing Americans. Sad!
@MattHullum @POTUS @nardotrealtor how? Buy a slightly less expensive home
ummmmmm that's what caused the crisis in the first place....people owning homes thats shouldn't have..FHA SHOULD pay more.
hope screwing it to his voter base and being cheered on.
cancel the American dream. Sad!
That man will do nothing that is good for poor, middle-class, working people or the country.
maybe we should make sure the fund is stable before we cut the MIP. The fund is barely above reserve
Do you remember the Real Estate Bubble, lady?
second, premiums protect against default & delinquency. Have you already forgotten what happened in 2008 & 2009?
this was a political stunt by the Obama Adm. They had years to do it, why did it happen this late?
so in other words they have to be able to afford their new home? Good try Show some respect shut your mouth
@Rachel__Nichols um... It only hurts people who have bad credit. How is that different with anything else?
.@SenWarren @POTUS @nardotrealtor - It's pretty routine to issue moratoriums on new & pending regs. #Obama did too. Stop ur politics woman!
it's it illegal for his sons witnessing official government business??
ok, that's at least 4 tweets on the same subject. Nothing else to do?
Senator Warren, this is a bs tweet. The FHA mi was conveniently changed by Obama in his final days. Propag.
Don't worry, @POTUS will say it didn't, which will magically make it untrue. We live in magical times, @SenWarren. #PretendAmericaGreatAgain
He said they'd be heard, not housed or cared for.
please keep fighting for us. You're our voice. For the first time in my life as a strong independent working woman, I am scared.
She fails to mention. 3 yrs ago Tax payers bailed out FHA with $1.7 billion.  Say 'Housing Bubble'
Just the beginning!
yea thanks Dod Frank and pres clinton for all the bad loans
Why did he choose this as his first order of business.
no he blanket suspended any new regs til they can be reviewed. if you had facts before spouting off, you would be taken seriously
you really don't have any grasp of capitalism or economics,just shameless socialist Marxist,redistribution
This also raises costs for current homeowners and refinancing. This is the new govt costing is all $.
@DemLibs @POTUS @nardotrealtor nothing happened yesterday ..
Actually that's not what they said but feel free to makeup whatever you like
@ybarrap @POTUS @nardotrealtor. Gotta ask...why did you and every single senator go to Inauguration?
just one of the things people need to watch because he says one thing and does another that hurts Americans & helps big business.
"Trump is narcissist that has inherit unimaginable power" #GodBlessAmerica #TrumpIsAllAboutSelf
Glad I'm a home owner and have cars, jobs, healthcare.It's like stocking up for the apocalyps!
well that's too bad. Let's spread the news so his voters know they are loved
@now7grandkids @POTUS @nardotrealtor this is the same knife Bush used to cut their throats 
@TeeTweetsHere  You are ignorant&will regret not working for ALL the peopleYou lost,learn from it&Do your job,lose attitude
@VA4Hillary1 @POTUS @nardotrealtor The rich will get richer & the poor will get poorer of die
HUD suspends FHA mortgage insurance rate cut an hour after Trump takes office
How many mortgage companies does he own?
you democrats cause the last housing bubble.. I am still under water from that since 05
sorry we don't need another housing bubble. One was enough.
And this is only the beginning of the Trump Nightmare!  Is this how giving gov. back to the people works?
he wants another housing market crash. 
with the interest rate hike a lot of first time buyers were excited about the MI reduction, not anymore.
I would like to buy all you snowflakes a cup of Joe on the Senator who stole your money on claim she indian @POTUS @nardotrealtor
no @SenWarren, you have to earn your first mortgage like I did when I was 28. No freebies or handouts on PMI.
Oh look Pocahontas aka @SenWarren already attacking @POTUS with #LiberalLies guess they will never learn Divisiveness at its best
You could've endorsed Bernie in the primary. We just might have had a Democratic Socialist President.
And it has already started. 
you do need to be able to pay for your house, if you can't........
should u really have a shot w 0$ down 50% DTI 580 creditScore n cost of pack of cigs stops u from buying?
You mean the president did something without asking everyone....he is the present thanks for the constant criticism of the President
nothing ever goes wrong with easy money
True hero of the working class.  Wait till they afford health insurance.
last time u all complained saying shouldnt have lent $ to folks who cant afford it.Damned if u do or don't
senator Warren,  can it be done just like this with a single stroke of a pen.
this is to make sure FHA has $ to fund loans that go bad!  Probably a good idea,  and I am a Realtor
Senator Warren you are a liar. Obama had this set up to go in effect at a certain time today he signed days ago. Sabotage. LOW.
maybe a tee pee will do it was good enuff for your ancestors
great ....love it changes ALREADY..how much money have you stolen while you've been in office??U R a liar!!
SCUMtrump
Everything u say is so negative and unfounded. Get over it!! HRC will NEVER be president n neither will u!
How is this "Making America Great Again"?
nothing surprises me about this man! Disgusted!!!!
@chivelicious @POTUS @nardotrealtor so they should save more to be ready to afford a home with sufficient down payment.
guess u morons would just rather the government backed loans need to be bailed out again.
Yeah remember how great it was when we made it super easy for people to get mortgages?
Super easy for exotic loans such as stated income and no doc. FHA reqs. docs and has guidelines.
I'm in the process of getting pre-approved for an FHA mortgage to buy my first home and he just jeopardized that
@AVHellman @POTUS @nardotrealtor not a good move.  Very sad to hear this.
-day one
Thank you Senator for bringing this to light. Please continue to fight for us. Much appreciated
might want to study it a bit more. This was done days ago before inauguration
Dispicable
"a shot at a new home". So the govt should subsidize that gamble to make it easier on the gambler.
@drmlb @POTUS @nardotrealtor please go away
Just told 2 borrower's we may now not be able to fund the homes they buy in 7 days. This is morally wrong!
and probable begin to solve the overreach and grandstanding for votes. Get over yourself
Didn't Fauxcahauntas by foreclosed homes making a fortune flipping them?
How Elizabeth Warren Trafficked In Shattered Dreams To Turn A Quick Buck
you mean more people that couldn't afford a home in the 1st place because we have no jobs...thanks NAFTA
@yashi_shiroma @POTUS @nardotrealtor Sorry. This is necessary.  Let them feel his pettiness.  They will rise up.
Not everybody gets an automatic new home
people need to save and have good credit we don't need another bail out w/ taxpayers $ @nardotrealtor
how much of a cut are we talking about?
he's already making America great again! Not!
lies
Wow, you being butt hurt. What a surprise. If you stay sad all the time your face is going to stay that way. It might to too late
we should subsidize mortgages people can't afford because your lobbyist says so?
And you and your kind will be the first to file bankruptcy so please stay in your lane
great way to start his term (sarcasm intended). How does that help"the people"?
