Passing this bipartisan bill is good for every American who can’t afford $5000 for hearing aids. We’re going to help a lot of people.
This is great news, but why not require medical insurance to cover them? Over the counter may still be cost prohibitive. Thanks 
Why are glasses and hearing aids not covered by Medicare?
Medicare covers one time corrective lenses if needed after cataract surgery, b/c it's directly related to med problem.
My Humana Medicare Advantage plan covers and eye exam once a year and $200 towards glasses
.I can't pick up regular cheap reading glasses, my visions different in both eyes.
If both lenses are the same type (near or far single vision, prism, bifocal, trifocal, etc) each lens in a pair is the same price.
Yes at an optometrist & glass stores price same even if lenses are different strength. But I need different strength in each eye so   1/
Different strengths shouldn't change the pricing. Lenses must be ground on both.
Thank you Senator. I truly appreciate that. Can't wait till I see them in the stores. I need a new pair.
There are bigger things you should be doing
Furthermore, if politicians truly care for the American people, they should work together all the time! #Republicans #Democrats #Trump
What?
Why should this take an act of congress in the first place? That's right to correct a previous bad law. #dizziemisslizzie
what! i didnt hear elizabeth

Thank you for pushing this bill along. Will help me and thousands of others.
really that's what you've been working on for all this time and you haven't helped a damn thing for the economy or anything else?
I wish I was deaf when you speak
Such wonderful news.people will be able to join the world again.
I'm glad you aren't always working only with the far-left.
H
Like many have stated, insurance companies should be covering this - Plain & simple, no excuses!
https://www.facebook.com/Softworld4Solution/ …
I'm so glad hope they not three thousand dollars if so what's the use
Ok, now let's get to work on repealing and replacing Obamacare!!!
Thanks, Elizabeth!
did you get the first one?
Keep being awesome, Senator. Pushing for Warren/Harris 2020, if you are willing.
I'm honestly curious, why do you want Warren to run in 2020??
.Great News. But first check ear wax, I thought I was losing some hearing until I had a very good cleaning. No problem hearing now. 
On the Indian Reservation #pocahontas probably would've just cut off someone ear
This is big news.  Really big.  I might try one.  I'm 75 and there are times....
U can't afford a hearing aid with all the books you've sold?  THIS is a major problem and reason why insurance premiums are out of control!!
This is great news! Finally something the R's & D's can agree on that can help millions of Americans.  #hearingAids  #BiPartisanBill
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Hurt patients and destroy the livelihoods of those who sell hearing aids. Terrible and stupid.
Please run for President Senator Warren!
Thank you !!!
Oh my god , if this happened I would be overjoyed!  I desperately need one but insurance ddoesn't cover it .
Health Insurance should cover the cost of hearing aides every 3 years or so if your hearing loss is severe.
medical legislation that impacts almost every family in America!
Thank you.
That's great! My ENT told me to start saving now for hearing aides as I'll need then within 5-10 years. Could use little volume boost now.
, Thanks! I used to miss out on a lot during important meetings, until I got hearing aids, but they are not covered by insurance.
When not planning ahead and wanting others pay for your care become the USA way? It's called med savings plan and I paid 4 my hearing aids.
As a vet with a hearing disability, thank you, Elizabeth Warren! Did I mention I was donor No. 49 to "Ready for Warren"??? #MedicareForAll
She never stops working for us.
사람에 탈을쓰고 앞프로는 유리강령에 선언 핬고현충사을 참배화고 죽은자를 두번 죽게 화고 약자인 우리는 마루타가 돼여 고통에 내일 볼수없는 기약됨 살물 살고 있습니다, 
누구을 위환 법인과 이들을 국내법과 사회에 고소 고발 합니다,
oh good. That will help with the drum calls, but smoke signals... not so much
You democrats give all sorts of things away at taxpayer expense.  Why don't you let people earn the things they get!!
Yep, you give things away that tax payers have to pay for.  Why don't you and your socialist buddies pay for it?!
Thank you for helping to increase the quality of life in this most meaningful way.
You could use some!
Thank you!
oh boy..your bill...who wrote it for you? Your not one that really cares for Americans.
Wow! So glad w/ everything going on in the world you passed this monumental legislation. You'll be on Mt. Rushmore any day now fauxcahontas
Look here it's a bigot bot!
On behalf of my father who has suffered with hearing loss my entire life, thank you!
Wonderful for my husband--we searched and finally found some OTC we could afford.  They do a pretty good job.  Thanks, Senator.
I'd like to suffer hearing loss if you ever come near me. Stay the f in Massachusetts.
What???? I can't hear you
For those pushing Medicare as a  healthcare panacea. Hearing aids ? Not so much.
Snowed again, people. Wake up.
Why was it EVER illegal in the first place? Oh right - politicians made it that way. The free market provides
U go girl! While those guys fall asleep or don't show up cuz they are still in bed with flavor of the day, EW4ppl
Senator, do you have estimates of how much this will drive the cost down? I'm not sure how making them OTC reduces prices.
My 69 yr old dad's waited years. He jokes he doesn't want to spend cash to hear BS but it's really because mom needs help more. THANK YOU.
Liz you should buy one, Maybe then you will hear/listen to the working class for once.
hope it can pass both houses without costly add ons
I lost my hearing from auto immune inner ear disease, caused from rheumatoid arthritis, and no way I can afford 5 k for HAs. Thank u so much
So great I hope it actually happens. They are 2500 each no ins covers

Now vote on the raise act
Lizzie, please pay the Bill and here's a tip: take up knitting. Perhaps you will find fulfillment in that manner.
BFD. Now go home Betty. I don't want to pay for your stupidity.
Thank you helping my dad afford to hear again!
Keep it going you all!!!
Thank you
Oh but Republicans don't care about people....isn't that what you always whine about??!!
Thanks for working so hard for us!
What? just kidding, awesome work!
Speak up, Sonny!
HA!
God bless you
Thank you.  Keep up the good work.  This will help my 82 year old mother.  (And eventually help me, too!)
"sold over the counter", just like everything else that"s illegal
cool
THANK GOD..
Oh so do you hear Geoff Deihl (R) for your senate seat you are useless
My elders agree, its not the 3K for the hearing aids, its the $7 a week to replace the batteries! #NibbledToDeathByDucks
Thank you @SenWarren for continuing to work for Americans in the midst of all this chaos. #leader
Oh yeah what is going on
Oh yea what is going on bro
This is huge!
I see you future President @RepJoeKennedy  #JoeKennedy2020 #LikeRightNow
Thank you! Next? Prescription eye glasses!
Wow, that's a biggie, at least people will be able to tune your mouth out
You can add eye glasses , shoes and dental and you would have ever one supporting your insane social programs. 50% of people do not pay tax.
Is it always best if people self-prescribe healthcare? What about the consequences of not finding the underlying cause ie. cancer?
Thank you!
What what I can't hear you.......oh that's because I tuned you out!
Yeah u actually do good things other than try to take trump down u should try and spend more time and energy on those kind of things
Thank you! My mother and I thank you!
Great job, is this your first bill that has been passed?
What about having Medicare cover hearing aids?
You hit this out of the park @senatorwarren.
So many people will benefit from new bill. God bless you senator Warren!
This us great news. My mom has been suffering w/hearing loss last few yrs, but hearing aids so expensive she never got them.

Best thing you have ever done!
Will the cost be subsidized?
Why did it take a law to do 'allow' this in the first place, was there a law 'preventing' it before???

About time Congress.
Something useful for Millions of Americans. Now get back to affordable  healthcare for All
You mean your bill doesn't make hearing aids free? How in democratic of you.
Hooray! A bright spot in the news!
Good job
You're a saint. 
Thanks Senator Warren for sharing this important newd
Cost of hearing aids is nuts. Next up, glasses!  No reason they should cost what they do.
Hearing loss is a benefit if to never hear your voice again. Native American my ass.
Is it wrong to have immediately  pictured Garret Morris yelling this out? ; )
Great effort and wonderful news! Thank you.
damn it.  i just shelled out a boat load of money for my hearing aids.
Bad move Warren, that's what doctors are for.
I haven't read but on the surface it seems like a great idea.  Good job.
@TheDemocrats have had hearing loss for decades... I bet u hear us now!
Thank you for your endless work with this compassionate bill.
Someone in my family will appreciate this. She is a speech therapist.
Finally something worth spending time on. Go get em Pocohanus!
Sorry what did you say Liz?
Thank you Elizabeth Warren
Great news for my dad!
The problem with government is that there even had to be a bill passed before hearing impaired people could buy them over the counter.
That's great. Too bad insurance doesn't cover them like they do glasses and contacts.
SO WHAT YA GUNNA DO WHEN THE USA DEBT IS UP OUR GAZOO AND NO-ONE CAN SAY BOO? TAX AND SPEND? GIVE USE SOME CONCRETE SOLUTIONS.
MAYBE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN NOW HEAR BETTER THE MESSAGE THAT YOU AND SANDERS AND WATERS ARE SENDING-TO DESTROY AMERICA AT ALL COSTS-
Awesome! My father, like many firefighters, suffers w/ hearing loss caused by job, can't afford hearing aids & not covered by HC
ground breaking legislation (sarcasm)
Thank you!
Did you at least take out the parts that screwed veterans and the poor. It's ok that you are paying bank Bose for their support.
Im excited. I'm going to get my hearing aid and turn it down when this liar talks. "I'm an American Indian" sorry what did you say?
thank you!
I'm so going to be buying these over the counter when I get a bit older. Ty @SenWarren
This is huge news for anyone who has priced hearing aids. They're prohibitive for the majority of our elderly citizenry.
Please run for president.
Warren for President 
Great. Now let's work on medicare for all. @SenSanders
Sounds like socialized medicine to me.
I agree this could aid in access. Might it hurt people where Medicaid would cover prescription aides, but not OTC? Like glasses.
Thank you!
Thank you for your hard work !
Wonderful!  I just went to my doctor to get a hearing aid.  $1850?  My iPhone costs less than that and does a lot more.
glad to hear. (sorry about the pun) very helpful for us hard of hearing.
This is outstanding !
Thank you.
I've got hearing loss from USN active duty. VA is a joke. Insurance won't cover. Thank God for this common sense bill!
They should be provided free to all Republicans. So they will be able to hear the truth.
Put them in the same pool so all people with one co share the burden not by the co u work for in the state u r
Ru kidding if single payer is the answer then why don't u remove the state borders on health ins co &a force them to take everyone and
WEST VIRGINIA GOVERNOR SWITCHES TO REPUBLICAN PARTY!
Almost 10% of Americans have diabetes. How about affordable insulin and testing supplies!?! You can live deaf but not w/o insulin...
...I have 50% hearing in one ear but I'm saying it's a livable condition w/o medical intervention. Diabetes is not. Where's your priorities?
But congrats on getting things accomplished!
Thank you, Senator Warren! I have dealt with this struggle & hope that hearing my loved ones can be a right and not a privilege.
They need to pass a bill for you for I make people puke too often aid 
Hearing aids are already sold over the counter,Goofy Elizabeth 
Thank you, Senator Warren.
Big question now is what will the price range for those device will they be covered by insurance or just out of pocket cost
She wants to make a quick profit Bert. Just like when she flipped those foreclosed homes and pocketed the $$. Redistribution of wealth lmao
Isn't that common for Democrats like her
If you mean being a liar and opportunistic charlatan, then, yes.
Those types from that State of Massachusetts have always been social changers first one was JFK & Romney
Maybe they're all drinking tainted water up there?
@realDonaldTrump OTC hearing aids is delivering 'actual' healthcare to Americans...like OTC birth control and abortion pills comprende mofo?
Huh? What did you say?
Hear, hear! As a Mom of a child with a hearing disability, I support this bill!
Thanks for sharing, this is good information!!!
What's that?  Thank you, Senator Warren!
Trump should be so excited because the TV ratings of him during the Grand Jury should be the highest ever!
I work with the very elderly every day, and have said for years how unfair the ridiculous cost of hearing aids is.  THANK YOU!!
It's amazing how much $150 worth of electronics and plastic retails for!
Yessss!!!  This is wonderful news...!!
Awesome! Keep up the good work, @SenWarren
God bless you
Congrats Congresswoman.
Thank you Sen. Warren. The notion of congress working together almost made me cry.
applause for your work to improve the lives of so many people. @marymess
Elizabeth this is AWESOME... I have a friend who will THOROUGHLY BENEFIT from this...We LOVE you... Thank you for ALWAYS looking out for us
Congrats to you.... We LOVE YOU Elizabeth Warren, And Maxine Waters too!!!! Xoxo
If you want to do something about hearing loss, pass the Hearing Protection Act!!
@MConsuella 
That's great
Pls don't forget that seniors can't afford dentists & gum disease directly contributes 2 heart disease
What did you say?
THANK YOU! We are watching and appreciate bipartisanship! America IS great!
Wow! This is good news. Thank you.
Ooooo... that's a biggie.
Now let your tax paying bosses pass a bill that rescinds your subsidies that we the tax payers are forced to pay for!
If you care about hearing loss, why won't you support the hearing protection act?
That's great news
Senator Warren,  Thank you for your service to our country.  Sending support from Florida!
Thanks lady
My 85 y.o. Mom went back to work to pay for hearing aids which Medicare won't cover @ $3000+. Thank You!!!
Thank you Ms Warren!!
Thank you!
Huh?  What did you say?  Can u speak up?  Ur constant shrieking is at pitch decimal level that I can't hear.
Great!
I have hearing loss. Can't afford hearing aids. Thank you.
There's my man Kennedy! Fighting for the people! Please run for President!
He is a very popular man.....and that alone would be a big edge on what you got....
Fanaly something Dems and Republicans can agree on but Sen.Warren can you please work a way for folks so get better Dental Care
Congratulations Senator. As a hearing impaired person, I'm glad this has passed.
I don't understand how "sold over the counter" is going to help. I'm the 1 who can't afford $5k Hearing Aids thru my audiologist
Cannot thank you enough. Hearing loss is devastating and nothing covered by insurance. Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
gollygee thats nice. now find your damned balls again and stand up to the neoliberals. Protip. Sucking up is going to piss off your base
