STFU.  Don't you have a Pow Wow you need to dress link a fake Indian for?
Stfu u troll. Anything to defend your hopeless fucked up Russian tyrant
It's truly a sad day 4 Democracy when someone hates a fellow American more because of party affiliation than actual foreign threat 2 Country
#trumps a business man what if he's sold the U.S. to Putin and Russia
Neither one of the clintons are president  #trump is a traitor and threat to national security get your Rosetta Stone out and learn Russian
If someone does have proof, would you want to know? Would you accept the proof as real? Or chalk it up to the "fake media"? #ignorant
There is no constitutional solution to #Russiagate.  Best solution:

1. Removal of entire #Trump line of succession
(Cont'd)
2. Caretaker executive made of all surviving former presidents (cont'd)
3. Constitutional convention, elimination of racist electoral college, unlimited, anonymous corporate money in elections, hoarding of wealth
Because white midwestern votes count more than brown and black urban votes, dummy.
Yes. Clinton won by 3 million votes. Rural voters still kept her from office.
Still haven't learned how to read gigi??
I'm so dissapointed, Ms. Barefoot! You are so predictable! Like most Hollywood celebrities, you had 2 be a liberal Democrat!
To each their own, in my book. I love my friends and family who are proud conservative Republicans. There's enough room for all of us.
I agree, even if you are wrong!
Why give him a chance? Shut EVERYTHING ELSE DOWN until the investigations are complete and the results public. Fight on!
None of this is normal and we are getting no where. When does our outrage turn to something else Senator? When is enough enough?
Continued ----  now I can understand that stupid grin on his face in the Russian photos. God help us with this crazy man in the Oval Office
Warren you need to be investigated for all ur all ur corruptions!
#alternativefacts
Ohhh....we're well past the time for Congress to wake up.
8 years ago would have been nice
8 years ago the President wasn't a Russian puppet. He is now.
No perhaps a Muslim puppet
Hah hah hah hah hah...Islamophobes are so pathetic.
U got that right. Send ur address will send to u. I don't want them I have dearborn
How about Joe Biden!?
what about you sticking your head in the sand on the Hillary email investigation..oh yea..Hillary above the law
You got that right @SenWarren.
@POTUS has showed us he has the mentality of a third grader. Gave classified info to Russians to make himself feel important and buy friends
Call the DOJ directly at 202-353-1555 and demand special prosecutor. It will work if enough people do it !!
Keep fighting, Sen Warren. #we need you! #impeach45
Dear Pocahontas do you want to investigate whether they discussed vodka imports ?
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Apparently he can
Unless he is impeached.
And who is going to do it? I see Barney Fife running out crying citizen's impeachment, citizen's impeachment!
It's Congress's job.
If not.
Then we need to tear up this system and start from scratch and build something new.
Are you suggesting anarchy? Bc we have no authority to tear things up.
Even the founders had to start over fr scratch only 8 years after starting a government.  They knew eventually we might need start again.
I know, but how?
Look, if the groper in Chief says all options are on the table for nuclear war with N Korea then the people must have all options as well
Do Something!!!
He's in no condition to make decisions.  Its clear to the world he's having a meltdown. Dont understand the idea of letting him cont leading
If only the GOP would agree with you Terri... what the hell are they thinking? Party's over, they can't keep mining him for their own agenda
Im sure ths has been asked but, why is he not concerned w election hacking. Were stuck w em, till God knw when & his attitude is not normal
Colon Powell for Independent Prosecutor
Maybe? How about Michelle Obama or Hillary Clinton!
When you win elections you get to pick.
I don't think that's sand they need to pull their heads out of.
People are freaking out right now. This cannot end in what is essentially a coup. Show us what can be done to shut  him down. Please.
What the hell has he actually done to piss you off other than not be a Democrat?
Treason. Which I'm sure you're aware of, being a troll and all. Now go away.
In a commencement speech you said no one is above law, let's see how you feel during Hillarys trial.
haven't you heard?  He has a #certifiedletter now!
He can and will.
Dizzy Lizzy u r something. But it was okay for "slick willy " to huh.. this chain is obviously on the HELL TRAIN right where ya'll belong.
Omg, is that possiblel
Liz the Indian girl just realize that this country followed the wrong really honest & forthcoming for 8 years of your odd party
Emails Benghazi
There is no evidence and it time to move on
Is the Republican Party a cult?
...zzz...
did u ask 4 sp.proscution to investigate hillarys's email destruction or obama's 400 mill pay off to Iran, beghazi or hillary/russ uranium
The person whom will chose is the acting head of the FBI.  Who reports to the Deputy Dir of @TheJusticeDept  Amazing you've been reelected
Sand....ass....same thing really....
Russia is over. Dems have nothing left. Stop embarrassing yourselves. Work for the people not personal politics. HRC lost. Get over it.
Well, all you have to do is get 2/3rds of the states to agree to change the Constitution, then you're golden!!
Your silence enabled the rigging of the 2016 primary.
@TheRealSAJ19 @realDonaldTrump Unfortunately, a majority of those in Congress lack cojones...
oh yes he can.. deal with it
Like a honorable lady well said. I would have said head out of their ASS!
I cannot agree more.  Investigate this impostor. He only has ambitions of getting more rich and also for his friends.
Please add @SenatorBurr  to all of your tweets.
@elizabethforma. Get ahead of this. PLEASE check out @mikefarb1. It's ground zero
I totally read this as "get their heads out of their ass" dear Senator. 
Bless you, you Okie gal you!
Go GET 'em!
Enjoy a @realDonaldTrump press briefing.    #mypresidentisahabitualliarandconman
Pretty sure #congress head is firmly planted in a far dirtier location.  #fifthpointofcontact
Repeating wgat JFK  said: " the best Congress that money can buy" ask Ryan...30 denari...
Oh, he can just appoint Ivanka.  She can do anything even find her daddy innocent.
he is the president deal with it
He is your president and has done nothing wrong, get over you self, hilary lost, the people spoke, grow up and do your job!
Comey was not the only person investigating, the investigation didn't end because Comey isnt there, maybe now there will b forward motion

We've heard for months that there is "No collusion." This farce Democrats are pushing needs to stop. Do some real work.
Not gonna happen.  If she does real work, she can't grandstand.  Needs to keep her name in front of the public for POTUS run in 2020
Time 4 u to quit smoking Nancy Pelosi & Maxine Waters homegrown CA there is no Russian influence show the proof or shut the hell up
I think Congress has it's head someplace considerably darker and more smelly than sand.
The constitution disagrees with you. Go back to law school.
Pocahontas, the President has the power to fire whoever he wants.The Russia crap is just an excuse because Of the election loss.GET OVER IT!
Sally Yates!!!
Can I suggest FitBabes stay out of politics.
what about the bengaghzi investigation and the email investigation? You don't care about those do you pochohonis.
Sand, I think you mean ASS!
Agreed how can I help
And you need to get your head out of your a--
BLOCK THE TROLLS. THEY'RE NOT WORTH IT.
It's time for Congress to get their heads out of somewhere,not sure it's sand though! dRumph must not pick anyone to do this investigation.
Please protect us from this Evil
@SpeakerRyan this administration should not be allowed to appoint anyone while under investigation #DoYourJob #impeachtrump #russia
we the tax paying working people of America do not
To be fair, your head is elsewhere, not "in the sand".
Gurrrllll their heads are in th sand, they're up #CzarTrump's ASS
Actually he can. Read the Constitution you welp.  @AlexisinNH @AMTrump4PRES @bluehand007 @RealJamesWoods
It's time for Warren to get her head out of her ass see what's going on. Let your hair grow so someone can pull it out of it gets stuck.
Sand? That's a nice way to put it...
I rather have my head in the sand and not up my ass like yours is Seek mental help Lizzy
You're being nice!
Rosie accused of child abuse once again!!!  https://freedomfirst.news/2017/05/03/breaking-rosie-odonnell-accused-of-child-abuse-for-second-time/ …
Neither can you and I have more faith in @POTUS besides your on the way out of office!
1st order of business is to go after those that faked being an Indian in order to gain personal advantage
@SenWarren I agree with your words. What has happen regarding Comey sends signs of mistrust between the White House and the American people.

It seems this will be a long and painful process, but it's going to take as long as republicans want.
If they keep sticking to Trump they will go down with him.
Muzzle for your mouth would be nice.
Why did you lie about your ethnicity to get your overpaid professor job, Fauxahontas?

YOU are what's wrong with America.
Hey Liz you are circling the swamp drain !
@realDonaldTrump is a fraud and a traitor to the U.S.
Did you write a letter to aipac to get most of the funding

Is it true you have 9 million in an account to re run
It's time for you to back a real progressive agenda and stop red baiting. What happened to you? Sell-out.
Question EW: Who influenced our primaries more, The DNC & Corrupt Superdelegates or The Russians? Who gave Russia Uranium for cash? Hillary
No he should not!

Don't you think the GOP knew Donny was a joke? Pence is like going from the frying pan to the fire. We all knew it #revolution #feeltheBern
Yesss!  Now!! We Americans cannot tolerate this presidency any longer!!!
AMEN!  Sen Warren pls get the ball rolling to discover the truth. This is outrag
And I suppose you can choose better?  You couldn't even rig an election.
She didn't have the help of the Russians.
The Republicans are criminals.  What makes you think they will do the right thing.
Me thinks you have something strange in your peace pipe
He can't even pick reporters at his meetings
When does a murder suspect get to choose his or her own jury? Answer: Never.
I don't think the sand is where their heads are.
Blah, blah, blah... we are numb to your chronic complaining...
Yes!! The work of Congress now is to demand a special independent investigation before all the evidence has been destroyed.
Their heads are all up in something, but I don't think it's sand... 
@POTUS You and Garfield are both fat, orange and small minded narcissist.
So if he can fire the FBI Director for not doing a good job. Can Trump, be fired for not doing a good job?
and the 600.000 thousand clinton lost when working for state
#SessionsMustResign
Shut up liz!
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ..... NOTHING LESS
he needs to fire a lot of the dems theres still a lot of the crooks left
democrats had there head in the sand for 8 years you can give republicans a few weeks

Best Presidential ticket = WARREN & YATES  #president2020
...bill Clinton did!!!
Why not?!? if YOU can pick what nationality you want to be then why can't he pick who investigates
Wow . Yes congress get your heads out of your asses and start backing your President. And looking into the Democratic Corruption. 
@fros22 @realDonaldTrump The "sand"? I was thinking of another location.
#@DonaldTrumpimpeach
I definitely agree!
YES he can and will
you are not in charge--NEXT!
@SenWarren congrats on showing some class in your wording.
Neither can Sessions.
Yes he can and yes he will
Everything you say is so disgusting, where were you when Comey made himself a judge.
If he does it will be very suspicious.He did a horrible thing firing Comey & needs to stay far away from this investigation.He's corrupt.
Meh. You should have voted "no" on all of Trump's cabinet picks. You should resist with substance instead of just running your mouth on TV.
@sardnas51 @realDonaldTrump GO AWAY, you are no longer relevant
It's Obvious who should be the prosecutor? Unbiased and impartial reputation.  Preet Bharara ! IF you want to be fair? PICK a good one soon?
I'm willing to do anything to help just tell us what we can do to help. 2018 is looking good for Demercates,I pray
Senator Warren I agree how can the public help doesn't seem like protesting is making a difference they still do whatever they want
He will try.  And anyone who has been involved in foul play will be supporting his right to appoint investigator.
Have you actually met @SenateMajLdr  or @SpeakerRyan  
Head in the sand would be an improvement for them. #TheyAreLying
@1fritiof @realDonaldTrump Congress heads in "the sand" - really? I was sure they were stuck somewhere totally else.
Out if their asses Senator
https://mobile.twitter.com/leahr77/status/862180208069267456 …
@co_rapunzel4 #Veterans EXPOSE TRUMP & NRA TeaParty BS! DEMAND Bharra,Yates & Comey as Special Prosecutors, NOW https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/missing-members-action-plan/ …
says who YOU ???? Who are u DIZZY LIZZY ??? just another bias braindead snowflake !
Pocahontas, how much american indian are you again?? What was the claim you stated for the record??
Yes he can!
They definitely need to get their heads out of somewhere....
I don't think their heads are in the sand, I think up their ass is more likely
And out of the uranium as well. That almost seems criminal as well.
we need impeachment inquiry now. This is coverup and outrageous!
What about the investigation on Hillary Clintons emails? What happened to that? #BuildTheWall
Sequester ELECTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do we have any checks and balances?? Will congress and senate do there job and put country first!
Trump and Sessions are the foxes in charge of hen house.  Otherwise known as a dictatorship!!!!!
You know there isn't anything to this story about Russia, it is a Dem concoction. Maybe we can get an honest investigation into HR. Clinton.
Its time for you to get your head out of your a*s.   The real inquiry is PODESTA-HILLARY-RUSSIA Connection
Podesta was Hillarys' campaign chairman & should have been registered as a foreign agent.  Hillary sold our uranium to Russia & profited...
And who "will" pick the right person? You? Give me a break. You're such a hypocrite.
You're too partisan, extremist, to see reality.  You have no credibility.
That's for sure! Hillary committed so may Federal crimes no one can keep track.
Wanna bet??....
Sand...I would have used other language. Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Warren.
Are you kidding? Hillary blatently sold our uranium to Russians. Urainium!Take your head out of the sand Warren.
I would have said asses, but yes. Will they do so? Probably not.
Indeed!
Well, he can... but he definitely shouldn't
Please resist! With full force of the power behind the position! We vote you in to BE our voice NOT to drown it out !#trumpRussiagate
Oh hell no! #Trumprussia
You need to speak the unspeakable " impeachment "
Donald Trump cannot be allowed to pick his own investigator to essentially investigate himself that's counter productive
Hello I don't think he has anything to hide - let it go -
Congress MUST appoint Special Counsel for Russia probe & CANNOT confirm a new FBI Director until it's completed. #SpecialCounsel
@KadariaAhmed @realDonaldTrump Miss please what crime was committed that needs a special prosecutor?
Hey Liz!  Your a dinosaur and as partisan as they come!  Maybe you should be thinking about getting your head out of the Sand!!
Please fight for a special investigator!  This is a travesty!
It's time for all of you to stop acting like stupid children
