Coming from one who works for one of the most corrupt rip off orgs in the world. Currently running multi TRILLION dollar Ponzi schemes.
I mean, she's not wrong tho. Many of us will be paying off student loan debts until we die. Education should be accessible w/o 60k+ of debt
Blame all scarcity and  the resulting expense of gov please. They are the cause of skyrocketing costs.
But the loan companies are taking advantage of it, are they not? Hiking up interst rates. It something that needs to be fixed on both sides
Increasingly put them outside the fold of the market
Would happen if innovation were actually ALLOWED in a market driven school system.
I can't speak to this on coll level but ele/mid/high school, doesn't this have the potential to leave the most vulnerable....
Students at a disadvantage. D.C. As an example.
You made $400k a year for teaching ONE class at Harvard! It's obvious where you stand on college tuition and student debt! #GreedyWarren
she didn't set the pay scale
Yes she did. She negotiated her contract to get $400k!
what's wrong with negotiating fair compensation?
Why aren't you for that same freedom of negotiation for companies providing loans?
I thought the left liked choice and abhorred force. Why do I see the left always agitating for violence and limiting choices and restraining
BLM. The 99%ers. MSNBC? Al Sharpton?
Fox News?
.@SenWarren Just the same way you did when you implemented common core and made sure the big textbook companies made millions.
It takes time my friend. Rome was not built in a day and not even a 100. I gave Obama a chance, now let my man have his.
That's a horrible comparison I think you forget that Obama and family went on expensive vacations and played golf every weekend.#hypocrit
Fool
#fauxcahontas don't you have a war dance to work on?   Sending up more smoke signals?
The Karl Rove Indian lie was debunked five years ago by Harvard. Try speaking intelligently I know for those like yourself it's hard
This coming from one who charges $400,000 for teaching one class.....
College In  the world. The parents of her students spend twice her salary on their bar bills.
#FireBetsyDevos #FireBannon #FireKushner #ImpeachTrump #FireJeffSessions #FireScottPruitt #FireTomPrice #FireTillerson #ImpeachPence #Simple

Unbelievable 
What about Sentors who cheated a Native American out of a job a Harvard?
Don't forget @BetsyDeVosED brother has ties to Russia as well.
Yes, I'm sure it was that cut and dried. Way to interpret, Madam Senator. Doy. 
If you agree to a contract and sign it, shouldn't they be responsible for the terms?
Like Yates and Coney???
What do Yates and Comey have to do with this tweet @BradLoerzel
Like an Indian giver?
Deboss is a de dope!!!
I had two jobs and no loans. And didn't lie about my ethnicity to pay tuition. Quit acting like a whinny little kid. It is not sexy

Go away!
YOU ARE AGAINST VOUCHERS SO YOU STAND AGAINST POOR KIDS. CATHOLIC SCHOOLS ARE YEARS AHEAD OF PUBLIC IN LEARNING AND DISCIPLINE.
she is a wolf in sheeps clothing - heartless
what about the people who went into public service for loan forgiveness after 10years and now are being told they are not being forgiven!
Nobody went into pub service in 2007 for the sake of loan forgiveness. Program was always an incentive for those already driven to the work.
You're doing a great job to shine light in dark places of Trumps administration. #corrupt #incompetent #greedy liars
To all Warren critics. She's the one who saved your banks accounts, outrageous bank fees & created a consumer protection bureau. So suff it
Saved your bank fees? Like interchange? How much did your Walmart bill go down after Durbin regulation? She created bureaucracy that costs $
This administration has made it clear the only "people" they care about, besides themselves, are corporations. #shameful #EndCitizensUnited
How so?  Show me what???
They've reduced restrictions on  dumping coal waste in local water supplies, are siding with financial firms at the expense of millions, etc
In looking at ur coal comment u need to read up on that. So u really have no clue as to what u want just NOT Trump SAD
Trump has made it clear he is opposed to  any regulations to protect the environment and did sign a law rolling back waste disposal rules.
Read snooes
Snopes
I read Snopes. Did you? The bill Trump signed into law rolls back clarifications put in place to reduce confusion and close loopholes.

Fake news

You stand with who? Why don't you do something for jobs so people could pay off those loans, Pocahontas?
No surprise at all. She's one of the 1% looking to fatten her (and her pals') bank accounts. Remember, she paid Rubio $98,000 for his vote!
Cory Gardner CO got 50,000 as well.
No doubt that every Repub, including POTUS, got a healthy campaign contribution.  The cabinet was basically sold to the highest bidders
Sorry Lizzie, if they borrow the money, they need to pay the money back.  Where is it written someone else has to pay your debts
What about those who actually CAN'T pay back their loans? U think every loan borrower who defaults doesn't want to pay
Betsy DeVos is a disgrace she is determined to destroy our educational system and make money off students at all levels
You just hate women. And pay them less...
America made a Choice.@shekarfamily Canadian. @Bakari_Sellers @GloriaBorger .@wolfblitzer .@DanaBashCNN . @Acosta
This whole administration is deplorable.
Open your eyes.  Exactly which promise has he fulfilled?  He has changed his mind on most of his positions.
Good for you.  $400K for teaching one class and you call others "Cheaters"
You stood with the corrupt Clinton and by doing so elected Trump. Bernie wouldve slaughtered Trump you corrupt hack.
You showed your true colors
Does the principal of borrowing and paying back not apply any longer? Maybe you should join the Communist Party.
Doesn't she own part of a company that collects student loan debts?

And Warren stands with union thugs that can never get enough $$ or benifits.  Last thing on their minds is our childrens education. Pathetic
College is too expensive because they pay people like you 400k got one class.
You have made it perfectly clear you stand with the enemies of the United States. #jailthemall
Why are you not going after her like that banker.
even though we know the "AFRICAN AMERICANS"  will ALL  get  help cause they're sooo  mistreated
More disinformation.
Maybe she'd think differently if she had to rely on them.
You perpetuate fake news.
Keep the heat coming, Ms Warren. I love your wisdom & tenacity! #respect
Lmao! 

Wisdom and tenacity! 

Are you on crack?
Please stand apart and help answer this question for me, Where is the nvestgation process? Closer? Happening at all?  Frustrated.
I know that. I mean the whole picture. Do we hv enough evid. to convict for collusion? if not, why not.
I just want to know where in the process the investigation is. Procedurally I know how impeachment begins. On continuum where are things?
You pay your women less than your men. Your songs are false.
@BetsyDeVosED Betsy you truly are evil.
But Betsy you should be real worried when mothers get fed up with you. When women get together it's just like fisherman wives in revolution
Too bad you didn't support Bernie in the primaries, we wouldn't have Trump if you did
Too bad you are only a nine follower troll. Back under your rock
Oh please Pocahontas. No one believes a word you say. Look at what happened in Kansas. It's ur future
Nobody forces adults to take out loans, they're young adults not kids and they should be treated as such.
The corrupt DNC is to blame for the rise of the orange fruitcake, and stiil dems refuse to listen to the people
The neoliberal dems aren't much different, not saying I like the gop, I don't, just find it hard to call dems progressive
From the women who was paid 6 figures to teach one class
# looks whose talking
The rich don't get rich and buying cabinet positions by being nice...
I'm never surprised with behaviors of tRump cabinet appointees. Each chosen to destroy thier department rendering them paralysed
#youdidntbuildthat club #med choice ventures to and vendors of knowledge sets credentials #we @USEDgov grants #ltd #llc #inc #bankonstudents
How much student loan interest $$ was brought in under previous potus admin? Where did that money go?
#shesaloser
This coming from a person who lied about her ethnicity to get a job what a hypocrite. You help bale out the banks just a few yrs ago
More vicious lies coming from Warren.
And she owns a student loan company; isn't that a FCOI? Why allowed?
Betsy needs to go fast
What tribe are you from? Did this help you get college scholarships?
Please note every single person posting here is at least as qualified as Betsy Devos to run The Dep of Education
I would not be surprised if she has financial stakes in some of those.
You mean cheat and squeeze more than you do ? Donate your salary to wounded warriors ! The day you do that,Kennedy will give mtm to Kopeckne
Senator : Please, keep figthing. you and a hand full like you are the only hope for this country and its people.
Now fauxchaontis...that's why it called "BORROWING". You borrow money and pay it back.  That's the grown up real world. Not pretend reality.
@UMass is gouging it's students
@asoldiersvoice Since it's SOP for @realDonaldTrump & other corps, when can we declare BK on our student loans, @SenWarren @SenSanders?
Fake news
wondering how she feels about some1 getting pd an INSANE amount of money, say $400K for teaching a class.while claiming 2b Native American?
because she is a cheat
What else to expect from a billionaire whose family have consistently funded extreme positions & lawmakers for years -- all for ideology!
How about the companies that get cheated. Why don't you give out loans then and let ppl default. Not your money, right?
Cheat. Like falsely claiming you are Native American. Is that what you mean by cheating?
You should be happy, you might get paid even more for your token class on Native Americans.
Says the women who went from being worth 3.7 million to being worth 15 million since taking office 6 yrs ago
As a Ma resident I am telling you that Obama care is bankrupting the middle class not you refuse to listen !
Well the middle class struggles to pay premiums, co- pays & deductibles you have the nerve to talk about someone else's imteno
Oops ! That was intentions
Our tax dollars should pay for healthcare and education automatically. these are issues you senators should have been working on for years.
You should move to Venezuela
Fight her, Senator Warren!
Yes I am a racist, I detest people who fraudulently claim to be Indians with the aim of defrauding for personal gain...  oh yeah, that is U!
Keep on persisting
She also makes it clear she is not competent to hold that office or really any job @BetsyDeVosED
Unkind words from an unkind heart
You have some nerve. YOU cheated the native Americans by taking money to study that was for THEM. Just shut up
And you insane..
Spin Mistress!  Your are jealous you weren't picked Warren.
Right there with the Trumpster
Wacky Lizzie as crazy as ever!
The whole @realDonaldTrump administration and the @GOP stand with Corporations.
My interest rates just went up again to 5.46%
You are an angry angry old lady.
#notsurprised
Hey how about not being such a hypocrite and pay the women in your office the saybas men!! Can you say "im a bloody liar and hypocrite"
Isn't  she a sweetheart? If we impeach Trump will she go away?
Please get @BetsyDeVos the f**k out of our educational system!
Why don't you question school prices and free enrollment for non US citizens?
Just like the government does
Is Betsy part of the Clinton Cartel ?
Lizzy the student loan companies are collecting money the US taxpayers have lent to students! They need to pay us back
I think High School students should be taught about how they determine if they can afford a loan for college and how much they can afford.
Isn't that the job of the CFPB?
But what do you have to say about #CharlieMurphy?
Eddie's brother, #RIP? Please elaborate?..
#DeVos is terrible for education and this is a direct attack on poor and middle class students. #ResistDeVos. She must go.
In the choice between homeowners and mortgage companies, @SenWarren made clear she stands with companies that cheat and squeeze borrowers.
If you don't like the terms, don't borrow the $$
until her brothers collusion with russia is investigated, she shouldnt be allowed to  make decisions.
Gee that sounds more like a democrat then someone who cares about the kids do your homework Warren on Charter Schools many are going to them
Apparently, we can't trust a billionaire to understand the problems of everyday student loan borrowers. Who knew?! @BetsyDeVosED
Schools will leave a lot of children not being able to attend & some won't get med. care for certain ailments.
That's what we can expect from corrupt billionaires!
Obama tookover these loan agreements years ago.  It's like you are saying Obama was too black to do it right.
Of course, she's a trump appointee.
Yet more evidence that every member of the Bannon/45/Pence Cabinet is utterly incompetent.
Not even close to how it's working!
We know why she has that job and it's not education.
DeVos has great ideas and Trump is behind her. You are out of focus.
You hypocrite! You absolutely contributed to this mess kids are in now. Astonishing that you make this comment.
Fake Indian
It's bad! Many corporations benefit from the high priced education of our students then won't pay enough to enable them to repay their loans
Are you an Angry woman? Angry at what? Trump? He actually in irony promotes WOMEN more than you! He has many in top positions, big$$. You?
Then don't borrow. It's your choice. College is not for everyone but everyone thinks it's a right! Wrong !
Yo Are An......And Please........ and.....
She only caressa about her own bottom line. DeVos is disgusting.
What is your plan Senator?
Pocahontas at it again
DeVos was never qualified for the job. Trump regime on the side of corporate interests not the country or the people.
college do enough cheating, squeezing, distorting Job possibilities, misdirection, over charging, narrowly educating. They don't want help
Not surprised. This is a perfect example of why we fought so hard against her. And why to Rs wanted her so badly.
Prosecute @realDonaldTrump 4get all this other stuff for now! Get our government back b4 distraction! Love you!
@BetsyDeVosED is a disaster 4 our country & our youth-a total disregard for people but a champion for corporations-Americans deserve better
She's a disgusting pig. We need to get rid of her!
Some of them are HER companies. Trump hires people just like him. Self-enrichers....
So did you when you decided to work against the campaign calling for public higher education. #HillaryClinton
don't subsidize student loans it only gives colleges a free pass to raise tuition and burden kids with more debt!
How much $$$$$ have you taken from #TeacherUnions to spew this BS!!
Speaking of cheating on student loans....
No one should be surprised by this. DeVos has made her stance clear over the years, whether she intended to or not. #scumbag
She's everything this administration is and loves - self serving.
She owns one. She's as stupid and greedy as all the rest. Hope they all go to prison.
Why is Sessions allowed to LIE under oath to the US SENATE and no one cares???
Dems have tried their damnedest to create a dependent, shallow, lazy & entitled constituency for votes.  Party is over. Adult yourself!
The federal government subsidizes most loans. So... blame you??
And now she has a supreme that has always ruled the same. All turnips get ready to be squeezed.
She most certainly did. She is tied to student college debt collection agencies. Screw the people.
eh...what did you expect? the family made an investement.
@Fyidavid1 She probably owns stock in co's going after loans. She wants to be a trillionaire she doesn't have enough money
This should sicken all Americans!
If we keep letting people off the hook for their obligations we won't have any companies left to worry about because there won't b any loans
Students must incorporate to become real person's deserving Government assistance for growth and intelligence research funding!
Then students debt I ability can become limited under corporate law and Charters
Which she partially owns.

It's YOUR education YOU pay for it !

And please stop crying little snowflakes.
Baloney. It's about college costs. Which no politician ever talks about. All in bed with big education.
Senator Elizabeth and Senator Sanders fell in love with America long time ago and they continue to love us and fight for our rights
Not true. They make 180000a year. How is it they are both millionaires several times over. Kickbacks? Bribes?
A compromise w loan companies, colleges, students who use them-one/two companies may get lifelong business from students may give a deal
What can be done? Mrs. DeVoss can just do as she pleases?
Voting Matters, we need a plan to protect working-class & working poor so all can have an education. Seems like she wants to deny that.
.@SenWarren @KenSpurbeck ¤ That IS the AMWAY American Way...

Her new motto: TRUMP U!
People should boycott Amway.
You have no credibility!!! Facts not fiction!!! Be truthful
College was affordable b4 the govt started backing student loans so universities could charge whatever they wanted. Govt f's up everything.
Isn't that the mantra of the entire @GOP party?
Yes she does.
Why do u expect ur constituents to subsidize greater amts of money for ed while instructors and admin take in more and more $? Cut the fat!
Unbelievable!
@BetsyDeVos
