I’m heading to the Senate floor now to speak out against GOP’s plan to repeal the Fair Pay & Safe Workplaces order: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=1233 …
Yeah us women don't deserve fair pay!
how long before all his supporters figure this out?
they won't.
they might when they are in same lousy job and their cost of healthcare skyrockets. Maybe.
Where you as concerned when the cost of Hlth Ins skyrocketed under Obamacare?
Obamacare saved her life!
And what of all the other folks who lost ins because of Obamacare?
HC cost could be reduced w tort reform, reduced regs, selling ins across state lines, etc.
No. Because the end goal was health care.
WHAT ???? THE WORKERS LOVE OUR CURRENT @POTUS ...YOU ARE ONE SICK, SICK, & SENILE WOMAN. GIVE UP. YOU ARE OUT
Again...more lies.  Where do you get all this from?
Right tell that to all the union guys you f-ed and went Trump
The # of Ppl on Disability doubled in 10 yrs. All legit? Folks lose faith in well-meaning prgms when Left enables sham artists.
Nearly 300,000 new jobs! Sounds like GOP has US headed in the right direction.
don't contractors hire people?
try to talk about something/anything that you are doing that is positive rather than bashing others pocahontas.
Government contractors are usually husband's of female politicians!
those corporations are so evil and need to be stopped by taxing them 40 percent and raise the wages of thier workers! Fight forme
No, the GOP is motivated to promote job growth and the hiring of new employees. What have you people done the last 8 years ?
Uh oh been drinking toxic water for years!! Get over it
What
Spewing B's is now the norm! Have you been watching? Or just trying to figure out what position your taking at the UN!?!?!?
Princess Running Mouth. GOP will make mistakes but not near as many as Dem libs. U people are HATERS. PERIOD
You and nancy Pelosi should be put out to pasture, You and your liberal followeres are "deplorables',NOT Trump supporters.
why haven't you done it. You been in office long enough. Just creating chaos
@goconstance Susan Pelosi and you are idiots!
@goconstance fake news, Obama is the devil and the liberals that worship him are demons! Thank God he is out!
@potus @FoxNews Wow, this woman tweets like a machine and says a whole lot of nothing. LMAO. she loves to create false hysteria.
you had EIGHT YEARS, why start now, oh that's right, u had ur own agenda, receiving money from lobbyists and doing their bidding
and using imported products that could be made in America.
how so?  Are they not hiring an adequate number of faux native Americans
some have no realization what this means But I do Please keep up the fight for what's right for ALL HUMAN BEINGS Not jst the rich
I have fought and won with an unfair employer who stole fringes and overtime pay from workers this throws my fight out the window
I agree. Cut federal contracts entirely. Problem solved.
"look, let's be clear". There were no jobs under Obama. Regulations, regulations, regulations
you just keep showing your true self.
The WIOA is amazing, unemployment is low and jobs are lost to Tech and and natural resources not trade. TRUMP IS BLOWING HOT AIR
Your hypocrisy is breathtaking
WHY DIDN'T YOU IN 8 YEARS? ALL TALK AND NO ACTION
B.S.
.@SenWarren Put a lid on it Pocahontas
There’s a lot we could be doing to help US workers. Instead, the GOP wants to make it easier for giant gov contractors to hurt workers.
It was the DemoRats who raped SS to pay for illegals not the Republicans
Trump!!!! Drain the swamp!!!
Profits before people is their order of the term. Go get em!
u have to fight for us we need the health care not trumpcare,Obamacare ACA
@RumpisMaximus People want jobs period. Being without work is devastating to American famikies.
in Austin , we started a group called Persistence Society after you were told to sit down   We have 50 members  look @ us on fb
Thank you, you are an inspiration for me. You give me hope, a light in the dark shines when you stand up and speak for America!
yeah you ever done a thing for us workers either but worry about illegal immigrants
I work for a giant gov cont. Safety is #1 priority. Doubtful this is going to change. Healthy employees good for business. Fake?
it is no surprising. No voters elected this horrible government. Please find a leader that brings this to an end
To being an us for once. Instead of a them. -@SenWarren #DayWithoutAWoman
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT??????????????
How about tax breaks and incentives? Investments = Jobs #pocahontas
I Don't Believe You, your Party is so radically left & filled with corruption, NO LONGER FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE,WHAT A SHAME!
You all are so full of I can smell you from here
WTF?! U dems let jobs go to other countries! Trump is bringing work back. U dems destroyed jobs for 8 years!
we knew this was coming when is the impeachment taking to long
The CIA needs to investigate you. How many lies and acts of deceit would they uncover? Oh Pocahontas.
Oh Pocahontas, twisting the truth yet again. Omitting facts to suit your own leanings. You are one sad individual.
you're joking right lol
Give us specifics!
Don't worry, OSHA is still there to protect workers, and the equal pay act is still in effect. No worries, We got you covered
Didn't hear you saying that when Obama was in office.  His economy was barely moving.  And no, it wasn't Bush's fault.
keep holding their feet to the fire! So proud of your work as my senator!!!
News flash don't think very many Working men and women voted Dumbocrat this election...
so sorry you failed to support Bernie. Before that you •were• my hero.
well, why didn't you do something when your were the majority. Nice try Liz but we ain't buying what you're selling
drinking on the job again ms Warren?
yeah, you couldve voted to allow the importation of affordable canadian drugs. Hypocrite
Please don't ignore the @FCC and the tech rights they're trying to strip away from the U.S. consumer & the disenfranchised
Please help us. We don't want to live in a corporatocracy, ruled by avarice, or a kakistocracy, ruled by malevolent forces. #Help
- you bring to mind an irritating child's toy that makes the same high-pitched squeal endlessly
Facts not fiction, Senator please tell the truth!!!
it's all about the rich getting richer. Sad.
Then why did you not do it during the past 8 years. Millions still unemployed or working for minimum wages. Action not talk
That is not true, they want the waste and the money grabbing to stop - LET IT GO! its not fair of you to want $.
still she persists...Thank you
"We Have to Pass the Bill So That You Can Find Out What Is In It"--what a short memory you think we all have.
Elizabeth Warren: Democrats smashed the middle class & used them like ATM machines. That's why You Lost the Election.
thank you for staying in their face. We need more Dems to back you up. Our party needs to learn how to speak to trump voters.
you are my hero Senator Warren!  the rich pretend that millions of humans in America don't exists! U r our voice!
I think your great.  Just keep the truth going and don't let them bully you.  Why is trump not worried about N.Korea
@jasoninthehouse  this guy said on @CNN that poor people are choosing IPhones over healthcare. I'm a student- poor&pissed off
I'm wearing an old navy shirt in that picture & holding a "free" leaf-can barely afford nutritious food! :(
Why isn't the Dems explaining TAX CUTS? they deplete revenue & kill needed programs R's purloin 4 the rich with tax cuts
Iam a veteran fighting to get my retirement pay. Politicians, organizations,  vet organization. No help. Everyone for themselves
I am sure you can remember those $500k speeches by the Clintons to companies like Goldman Sachs. Who did this help? Term Limits
Their all going to wish that they didn't go down this road, whatever you do negative will produce negative..they must go 
Well, POTUS is a man who finds ways to not pay his contractors so why would he care for other workers? #resist #ImpeachTrump
I'm a US worker and I'll take care of MYSELF.
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 #CIA #Veterans KARMA: We're Now Seeing the "Lock her up" Curse in Action https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit …
Yes, the one thing you could do is start representing your constituents and STOP obstructing the duly elected @POTUS
..90 million out of work. Some help!!! You don't have a clue....
Get to work. Your job is not to create divisions MORAN.
Warren, you democrats had 8 years to help workers. Nothing was done. Now, Trump is delivering on promises to help workers.
@POTUS @tedcruz We need TERM LIMITS! To remove obstructing self serving special interest Senators!
WTF???
I agree!!!!!
next on the agenda...dismantle OSHA. Sad for the working class
nobody hurt American workers more than the Democrats.
Y'all had 8 years. Time to sit down & #STHU; let business minded individuals lead. @realDonaldTrump is our / YOUR @POTUS!
You could have endorsed Bernie Sanders.
You are a hero to the people!
you know out of the kindness of their hearts the big corps give us jobs
DeVos and her cuddly brother Erik ought to be deliriously happy.
my husband lost his job of 38 years with HP to INDIA and our affordable healthcare went out the door with it. #MAGA
@KattyKissem Working class voters sadly vote against their own best interest by believing the GOP's "family values" rhetoric.
please stay focused on Trump-Russia - it's our only hope.
oh now you want to talk about putting people to work?????? All you want to do is talk about the crap y'all made up about Russia,
#Pocahantas #Liar
If you'd stop stealing from us and trying to force us to do things your way that would be all the help we need.
Then do something about it, no more talk we want action NOW
All you Dems want to do is keep the Poor stay poor so you can promise them the moon just to get re-elected.
by the way every Democrat run city is a wasteland and a gang infested poverty sticky hole. Good job!
You need to explain yourself rather than just spouting off.
One of @GOP's most cherished principles: Help the big guy, hurt the little guy. @RepAnnWagner @RoyBlunt
every work in the private sector I bet not big contractors pay big money noting wrong with that big colleges pay big for you
since when do you care about people with jobs? Name one thing you've done to help the American worker? #resign
did you show up for work today? Your attendance record is horrific! Try going to work! Support our veterans not illegals!
What do you plan to do about the ACA??? Are you going to seek action via 25th Amendment to get this mentally sick man out!Action!
How So? What Workers? Service Industry? Get your head outta the sand! And where is your DNA test to prove your American Indian!
#LOCKHIMUP
These people are unbelievable--they undo everything of benefit to anyone or anything except the rich.
it's a shame that H Clinton didn't win & I think you would be a great president too !!
Can u support r #endometriosisawareness #Campaign @31femtruths YouTube Channel 31 FemTruths 
#1in10 #women r #gaslit #truestory
Keep up the fight Ms Warren!!! Your a Hero and a Patriot! KEEP THEIR FEET TO THE FIRE!!!
keep up the good work!
yea like the democrats have done the last  8 years  Mr Trump has brought back more work to America than the crooked democrats
Thank you, Senator for fighting the good fight against these hypocritical cretins.
Trump will be good for ROBOT employment, only way some biz can compete w/ just native production.
I think u voted 4 this HUD Sec - wow u had 2 know he was unqualified. #SlavesrImmigrants?
High Cheek Bones of Pocahontas
fauxcahontas, give it up.
name calling just like your unhinged leader
yeah, like not subsidizing in 20M low income workers and having the middle class pay for it
The GOP nonsense must be stopped.
is that why you gave us #Obamacare yet you wouldn't accept it for yourself?
are you completely out of your tree, you do nothing for the American people, Trump is trying to help them.
What have you done except to close small local banks with frank Dobbs regulations 2000 gone thanks
oh did you file the proper paperwork for that 1.3 million line of credit you didn't report @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
They don't care, Senator. And they won't until they are made to care. WHEN ARE YOU ANNOUNCING? #Warren2020 #RunLizRun
did you know about #ObamaGate #wiretapping? @HarryReid and @HillaryClinton did #deepstate #lockherup
for 8 yrs you stayed silent on Barry's & Hillary's numerous scandals, and dereliction...you have a nerve to knock Trump 4 MAGA
8 yearz you had
really?? what would really know about average workers?
Like what?
you're a liar and a fool. You ruined your credibility with the fake Indian act.
stay focused on the Russian Trump connections. Call for a bipartisan or independent investigation.
More fake news from the fake Indian.  #POCAHOTMESS
Why did you endorse the losing candidate again? Bernie was waiting for you
Do really think this just started happening? Let me clue you in NO. The GOP did not do this single handily. Stop lying! Wake UP!!
respect for capital & business activity so working class have jobs, not more govt., good place to start!  From working class kid
if there's a lot to do to help the employers of America why he sat on your ass for the past eight years and done nothing
time is up for Trump to go down
Go back to your Tee Pee Hiawatha, no one is buying that!
Bonehead Warren you had 8 years and did nothing.
just like you all did allowing Uber to kill the taxi industry Now hardworking people and their businesses are worth nothing. Ty
keep up the fake news.
Why didn't you do it during Obama's years?He won because too many Americans were hurting and not represented. Did you care?
Not true Pokey. You want 2 hobbie free enterprise and hold Americans down.
Why Pokey?
Let's stop them!! #NeverGiveUp #speakup #sheerlunacy
Instead of pointing at what you see as problems, state solutions to identified problems.
pochahantas, you are an insult to the real pochahantas
yes  , what can we all do?
Things are getting terrifying and this is the true!
