Yes we do!
And it's not enough that the CEO walked away with his golden parachute,stock sales, with 0 consequences.
DITTO!
@SenWarren if you call the IRS, police or FBI to complain about a scammer.  They throw it out if you have not been victimized.
We are to reactionary.
Yes, we do. .@SenWarren So, how do we make @Equifax accountable? Actionable instructions, please. Top brass “resigning” isn’t the answer.
Absolutely
Isn't it really RAPE!
Do you want to put a dog and pony show with equifax then do nothing as they get away with millions just like Wells Fargo executives?
Seems like somebody should be going to jail for insider trading! Just ask Martha Stewart!
ABSOLUTELY
End result of criminalizing pseudo-hackers and marking them for prosecution, while office workers mind the on/off switch at the front desk.
Why aren't they out of business? They had ONE JOB. They failed miserably. Send those execs to trial. Buh-bye. #DoYourJob
Yes!!
All these credit report companies are holding way too much information on US. It should be illegal. They are our Orwellian Big Brothers.
To add, the date that the private information was leaked, the company only dropped about 10 points which is seemingly meager. #stocktalks
And how your buddy Hillary and Obama are not in jail yet.  Waiting
We'll have to wait until the GOP turds finish covering it up in the name of the almighty RNC fat cats.
Let me put on a show for tv then follow up with nothing as they get away with millions- Elizabeth Warren
And it's not as though we can "opt out" of their services. They should be revoked from having access to everyone's information!
Businesses sharing customer information willingly or otherwise should be a federal crime.   Seems obvious.
I am positive an identiy victim here, but everywhere says if you enter your name to find out, your disqualified from class action suit?
I am pretty sure that has changed.
Senator, help ! how about 1 million$ to those that their data was compromised ? At least offer insurance policy as their service promises
Where were you when Obama bailed the banks out and let the CEOs slide? They got bonuses!
@AngryLatino @Equifax Its not even the first time this year. I've been sent 4 new bank cards due to big Company leaks this year.
Thank you Mrs, Elizabeth Warren for all you do for the American people. You should run for president.
Or that huge class action suit against them in 2004-5
I'll agree with you there they need to pay 4 lifelock for me; make that happen so I can have some respect 4 u & believe u make a difference
email frm e fax  to complete protection process. Email add not used for equifax. Entered dob, told wrong. Wanted more info. Not competent!
Yes and how to make this RIGHT credit scores are everything in today's world if you can trust your score or is false then your screwed!
Putin was let in by Trump, Maybe Americans will not rely so much on the digital highway. Do not bank online. Do not put your info out there.
Easy. 
Q. What went wrong?
A. Got caught
Q. What to do different?
A. Add more disclaimers and charge more
See? I could not do their job too.
ABSOLUTELY
Equifax should be proactively notifying those affected and providing mitigation
@SenWarren a modern day Teddy Roosevelt. A bulldog fighter that never backs down.
Oh, I want to know if the gov is really going to let this slide? Why are we try to do the right thing constantly being penalized. 
They have too much power to ruin peoples lives no one's forgotten their last screw up of not removing negative credit timely
the stockholders deserve to claw back the bonuses.
And the other 2 credit companies should be reassuring us about their security measures.
Ha, they are overwhelmed 
None of them have any contingency plans 2 deal with breach
All cc cos must comply w/PCI stds, what abt CBs?
They r required 2 pass yrly PCI compliance audit, shows if any vulnerabilities 
They knew they did not apply patch
http://www.focusonpci.com/site/index.php/PCI-101/pci-noncompliant-consequences.html …
CEOS s/b in prison
Need:
Stronger penalties 4 breach
Man breach contingency plan procs
Breach s/b reported immediately 
No stock c/b sold
Equifax did not report breach immediately 
Sold stock before reported
No contingency plan
Not following Payment Card Industry stds
Criminals
Equifax is req 2 comply w/PCI stds, yrly review
They failed 2 apply patch & could have avoided breach
How did they pass their PCI review?
We need laws allowing consumers to restrict use of their personal data by companies like @Equifax @TransUnion @Experian
No Senator, they need to put credit guards on all 140 million hacked id's, and some of them need to go to jail
Enough is enough
I dont get why we need 3 CRAs for everyone why not A-I Equifax, J-Q Experian,& R-Z Trans Union- that way we only have 1 to try and deal with
Do something about it. All you swap monster Rep and DEM always talk but never walk.
Doesn't this fall under the cfpb which you created? Shocking they were asleep at the wheel and now you demand answers. Can't make it up
can you make a statement on why you and the majority of dems voted for NDAA? defense budget is too big and we need $ for healthcare etc
Is this true? Senate poised to repeal new rule allowing consumer class actions
The American public deserves to not have their SSN passed around by corporations w/o permission!
They gather my personal information, without my permission or contract. They then use my info for profit and have not safeguarded it.
Wow. 1 thing we agree on
Plus, some type of equitable restitution to us.
Closing down would be right!
They should be shut down. Not capable of providing credit rating.
Pocahantas is correct.
.@senWarren, Americans also deserve the ability to control who is collecting and profiting off their information in the 1st place.
Answers and action!
@SenWarren HOW MANY SHARES DID @Equifax MANAGEMENT/RELATIVES SELL BEFORE ANNOUNCEMENT......
Yes, and it's long time for Congress to act on this...don't roll back regulations - make them (nearly) identical to banking regulations.
Trump/GOP already rolled back those regs so consumers have less protections
Only libertarians Koch/Mercer, corps& billionaires matter 2 them

OMG, I actually agree with you!
People need web access to their account at any time without charge. Turn on and off Credit freeze and set fraud alerts.
Gee where did the credit reporting system come from. Wow we are graded by our behavior by our overlords.
Or how about selling off their shares before announcing the hacking?
We do but we won't hold our breath as this Congress seems to be working for big business and the lobbyists.
And we need reform so that victim of fraud have realistic pathways to rectifying and recompense, burden shouldn't bury victims for years
CEO of Equifax stepped down amid hacking scandals.  I don't know more.
Yes & they charged me $5 for a freeze that they caused me to have to do!
They have no plan. They are already doing the wrong things in response.
The American people need yall to get THE DIVIDER IN CHIEF impeached
Liz
your DNC-friendly MSM has squelched this.
Meanwhile SHILLS (your party's Jeanne Shaheen) have more important issues
banning foreign news
And why did the CEO quit in a time of crisis
We deserved answers to what went wrong in Benghazi too, but 'what difference does in make?'
How does another ceo get away w/"earlyretirement"when they failed it's co&csrs? public gets it stuck 2 them again! Ceo free #makeitstop
Keep on it!  
I just had 2 fraudulent purchases on my credit card yesterday!!
There's a lot we need answers to but the truth won't be coming from you.
Why did you lie claiming to be Native American.
Why is Weiner locked up and Hillary gets a free pass.
We deserve to hear why Obama lied and stuttered about Obama care.
We deserve to hear answers on Fast and Furius.
What about the DNC giving the political assignation shaft to crazy Bernie
No Golden Parachute for executives
The American people DESERVE ANSWERS as to why you voted NO to audit the fed! $9 trillion hidden from the American people. Shame on you.
Equifax has thumbed their nose to everyone that had information hacked. They need to be held accountable in a public way.
What about your champion of women agreeing with Sec. Colin Powell that the women pervert Bill dicked in the White House are all "Bimbos"
And EQUIFAX must PAY for any expenses--consumer protections or remediation!
What about Loretta Lynch and pervert Bill hooking up at the airport
What about all the corruption going on in the Democratic Party.
What about Donna Brazeal giving Hillary debate questions
What about Hillary and the criminal email scandles.
What about the sale of Uranium to Russia
What about the pay for play and the Clinton Foundation.
What about the murders of the four Americans at Benghazi. We deserve answers.
No time. Didn't you hear that NFL players aren't standing for our anthem? If they get a chance to demonstrate freely communism wins.
We deserve to know about the corruption with the Clintons and the Democratic Party. Or is it still a two tiered justice system still.
Bet half the politicians shorted the stock when they heard about the breach
And how are they going to protect the public.
What better way to breach our election process than to obtain legally identifying info on millions of Americans
Well the CEO should be LOCKED UP but since he resigned, not sure that will happen, grrrrrr
Please go after them. Hold them accountable. Nobody cares about this type of issue except you.
Where were you when OPM got hacked?  No where
Then ask equifax
Credit reporting buearus receive all our private info without our consent, profit off of it, & charge us for access to it. We can't opt out
Use cash only.
A company like @Equifax shouldn't exist. I didn't give them permission to track my personal info. Now it's stolen. They should be charged.
The problem now is EVERY step in this process reads like textbook cyber scam of what we are told NOT to do. No clear guidance or trust
ask any decent programmer what went wrong.  Major protocols ignored. Equifax just didn't care to secure personal info.
How about if they just stay completely out of our lives along with the other two?
They want to change me for taking my information off the dark web when it was their fault it got there in the first place
The American people deserve to have identity protected even if they can't pay the "protection fees" AJA extortion.
1) what went wrong : "none of your business"
2) going forward : "fuck you"
We only hear about football. Let's get real news
Diversity hire for chief security officer perhaps?
The fact that they will inevitably get a slap on the wrist and/or buy their way out of it, while people will have their lives ruined by this
is completely unacceptable. The fact that the government has created protection for them so people cant hold them accountable is pathetic.
But if someone is late on a payment due to any number of reasons, these companies can make your life difficult for years and years.
The American people deserve answers about the 30,000 missing emails & FOIA request
#ImranAwan FBI has DNC computer Wasserman arrest eminent
How do you know that?
They're not going to a damn thing but sit back and collect millions of dollars worth of our identities. They don't care about us.
Oh and 1 yr credit monitoring.  thanks.
The key is a bill to force Equifax to inform and protect NOW. Every day more Americans ID's stolen.
We are counting on you Liz
Lawsuit?  Seems appropriate here.
Thank you for continuing to shed light and keeping us informed.
Still no ID protection email sent 12 days after registering and 3 weeks after announcing the hack.  Lifetime free service should be minimum
Your information may have been stolen from our site.  Sign up with all your information on our site to find out for sure.  Uh, no thanks
My Senator! Love this Lady, always on point!
The American public deserves answers on the 20 Trillion debt.
Shut them down until they comply.
Thanks Senator - not just Equifax - general corporate accountability - to the point that executives see personal liability
It isn't just Equifax.  It is the larger financial industry.  Look at all the other leaks.  This is more fortuitous for them than rogue.
Why did your party lie about "keep your Dr, heathcare and premiums will go down"? I deserve answers as to why YOU haven't fixed it!
#class action
As opposed to a gov't forcing me to pay for others....
Please stay on this Senator @SenWarren ! We need answers, this should not be allowed to be swept under the rug!
Did you say about what went wrong with Obama Care. First
Indeed
Credit reporting companies have literally any piece of information that you can think of.
#protectpeople
Yes!Yet Equifax is advertising on TV how they will protect you, alert you,help keep you safe.After this they want your trust,yet no answers?
And compensation for all this hassle
Particularly the delay in informing us & the share selling during said delay. Thank you
Everyone affected should have a free life lock account paid for by Equifax. BC/BS did it when they had laptops stolen. Get on it Liz
American public deserves a congress that actually WORKS for Americans...
Regulate the industry that has so much power over all our personal data and we can not opt out.  There is nobody watching these companies.
Bad thing indeed but the greater threat to our country is the $20+ trillion in debt that is plaguing us. What thoughts do you have on that?
Senator Warren, I believe Consumers should have the right to OPT-OUT of any CRA especially if they cannot protect our information.
Then get the fuck off tweeter and find us some.
I say that about our congress too
Elizabeth! What is the Government doing to help the people of PR. Are you fighting for their aid!? Come on Help!
So get them. That is kind of your job.
The whole credit reporting system is an enormous, unmanaged vulnerability for Americans who are not legally protected. We can't opt out
this time i agree with u. ty.
Senator, what will Congress do to protect citizens? Clearly corporations have a profit motive above safety. We can't opt out.
Damn right!
equifax deserves to be shut down for their massive breach of public trust.
Equifax should pay out at least $1M to the 143M who may now have to pay to restore their credit rating and their identity.
http://www.focusonpci.com/site/index.php/PCI-101/pci-noncompliant-consequences.html …
Let alone tricking victims to sign away class action rights and linking to phishing scams https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/20/business/equifax-fake-website.html …
Are there any plans to do ANYTHING by the government? 140 million adults had their entire identities stolen...it's time for something new.
I had my identity stolen from the gov when hackers took personal data of millions of military applicants. I got 1 yr of credit monotoring.
Yeah, how about we have a push for corporate accountability instead of corporate tax breaks? Sometimes this country is a joke.
PLEASE SHARE & 4give the imposition.  I am raising $ for Survival. Click to #Donate: http://gofundme.com/jherph-surviva … via @gofundme
I've been hacked twice in the last week, prior to the .@equifax issue - ZERO.  Unfortunately, I expect more to come #hack #equifaxbreach
amen sista!
Is this what allowed you to assume your Native American identity Pocahontas??
I'm willing to bet no one from @Equifax goes to prison.
Sorry..but..right now..forget about everything.

Get that SON OF B×TCH
OUT OF OFFICE ASAP!!

It's for our Future in this Planet!!!!!!
goodluck, those people never pick up the phone or respond to email
Meanwhile,  hundreds of thousand of people are in grave danger of having credit destroyed by a credit company,  with no recourse
More: their negligence shouldn't turn into a revenue stream for them. Credit monitoring should be required free service in perpetuity.
And negating the stock sale... definitely negating the stock sale!!
I want a new SS#. No company on earth can make me feel secure again.
I want a new SS# also
Contact the Social Security office and see about it. My mom had to after her identity was stolen.
Sen Warren I trust you will lead the way on this !
Follow the fake Indian.
I worry daily. Was my info compromised!
Oh look. Senator Fauxchahantas is trying to pretend she's not a member of the 1%. So she's a fraud AND a lying hypocrite.
Yeah, early retirement for the CEO better not be all that comes from this.
They hired a music major to run InfoSec. What other answer do we need?  What we need is identity protection. How many go unreported? #Hacked
Trump get us an answer on this!! You keep diddling and tweeting nonsensicals.  Act your age and handle the Puerto Rican crisis. NKorea?
Trump is Trump. He will never act in the interest of the American people.
We deserve answers on why the ACA which should lower cost have quadrupled the stock value at major insurance companies.
Sen Warren they need to be jailed. Our lives are destroyed by the hack, ALL of out information is out to be used by criminals!!!
Get them for insider trading one 2 seize any profits they made from it pass laws that makes companies responible for reimbursement to us
Where's those dreamers those terrorists use the lady was on TV with I'm hopeful you kneeling down first Senator Warren
Everyone knows a company will say anything to make the right things happen! No point in asking them anything or what they plan to do omg
The people of Massachusetts deserve a new senator! #Pocahontas
Aren't you concerned with Puerto Rico youth in Florida Massachusetts
We also deserve protection against what happened there (and could happen again there or elsewhere).
Move to a bubble, unplug.
I'll tell you what went wrong, someone thought it was a great idea to have 3 private, poorly regulated, companies control credit worthiness.
To tag onto this, someone also thought it was a great idea to use the SSN as an identifying number. It has 0 Security built into it.
Thank you @SenWarren and @maura_healey for bringing justice and attention to this!
How many BILLIONAIRES and Multi-MILLIONAIRES are WALL ST. making at OUR EXPENSE?
The whole credit rating system needs to be revamped. Good people punished for shady business practices.
democrats and republicans needs to work together to fix it nothing can get done if dont work together
Yes we do! Thanks for demanding their honesty!
The American public deserve for there to be no "going forward" for Equifax.
Well, ask them then.
Oh let me guess, you can pass another law.
