They got their huge profits because of the ACA
#SaveACA #EvilAntheminc
(1)If I understand correctly, the individual market is not profitable for most insurers.  You're faulting @AnthemInc for pulling out it.
(2)At the same time you're praising #BCBS for remaining in it, but even they're pulling out of the indiv. market for the exact same reason.
(3)
(4)You have a piss poor understanding of economics, and it's frightening that people like you want to regulate the insurance industry.

How I wish @SenWarren were our President. We would be living in a very different country. One with smart, honest leaders who actually care.
Warren for president 2020
ACA punishes the poor
And just how many providers have now closed up shop due to Obama's lovely law? What a disaster! Gruber was right, it was stupidity of voters
VOTE HER OUT....  POCAHONTAS CARE ONLY FOR HERSELF...
hello nice to meet you
Why are many insurers pulling out and thousands losing coverage? #ACA is a bad plan foisted on the American people by #Dems. @gehrig38
Gruber, (one of the architects of ACA) nailed it when he said ACA was passed because of the, "stupidity" of voters. Yup I guess he was right
Because the pharmacy lobbyist control washington ... nice fake move Warren. Either you are easily mislead or you are diabolically clever.
They provide great coverage without aca. I prefer anthem make profits vs taxpayers going bankrupt with aca
Yes we should be treated at least as well as those in prison.
I can show you 10 ways to get in if you want
Why they don't want single payer health care. 
Shame, health care should be a non profit organization.
UnitedHealthcare are the worst parasites bloodsuckers!! NOW it all makes sense!!
Have I told you lately Senator Warren just how much I LOVE that you look out for everyday American me?  Bless you, Bless you, Bless you!
i need be protected from her more than Equifaq.
ACA is dead. Read the memo.
You are a true cutie .with all due respect .i personally love your ability to smile and still be harsh .that sounds sexist .not me 
Go Elizabeth!!!  Warren in 2020. Boy would a debate between u and trump be fun
Well there goes the country..she's in it for the money not the people of this country
Shut up, you don't know how we live!
The whole healthcare things is a scam brought on by a very bad law passed by idiots.
Bravo!!
Umm your the greedy one
Ceo of anthem gave himself a $3 million raise, from $13-16 million salary; but takes coverage.
Should have told them they should become Senators they make huge profits off the people of this country
Yes tell them like it is!! Thank you @
Thank you for working by the people and for the people.
You are amazing Sen. Warren. You better run for president in 2020.
Nailed it! She knows her shit! You threaten Congress and you make millions off shitty ins coverage yet you want taxpayers to pay#GTFOH
Why are people soo damn greedy???
I love you... In a non-creepy internet way.
Thank you!  Making profits is fine. Gouging taxpayers so big HC & big Pharma can take in the big bucks they do is NOT!
What abt breach in National Security?  @csthetruth Shouldn't u b more worried abt that? fight 4 US https://t.co/CIuoS8DENe?ssr=true
@SenWarren you'd think he would know numbers and statistics when preparing for this. Anyone else so unprepared would be terminated from work
Bravo @SenWarren!! If Anthem operates in CA then I ask @Govjerrybrown @KamalaHarris to ask them to leave unless they submit to all ACA state
He doesn't even know what he's talking about @SenWarren. I work in healthcare, this is what we deal with often when trying to provide care.
Liz, screw the ACA! It's not affordable and it's out the window like a pail of shit! Forget it! Sign the new plan!
Elizabeth Warren for president, 2020!!!
Worried about cost of single payer?  Private insurance makes huge profits + most expensive patients covered by Medicare/Medicaid already.
Please run for president.....Please your heart is in the right place and your so compassionate please run! #warren2020 #Warren2020
No no no, junk insurance plans outlined by Obamacare. Important piece you forgot to mention Senator.
Warren, go fish!
Obamacare is finished just give it time to go away forever
They should be mandated to take half of their profits, fund researchers in finding cures for the top 10 deadliest diseases; and antibiotics
The government is the reason they make HUGE profits to begin with! Why not negotiate a better price when spending taxpayer money!
ANY COMPANY THAT HELPS AND SERVES MAN IS ALWAYS BLESSED BY GOD AND WHEN THEY DO IT WITH FORSIGHT AND CAREFUL PLANNING THEY WILL PROSPER!
"Medicare for all" takes more money from taxpayers and gives it to large companies because the gov overpays for everything. Free isn't free
I have never understood why Congress didn't mandate certain coverage %'s of all insurance companies! If not, there are penalties.
Same with doctors! Many won't take ACA plans (so penalize them). They took an oath to help others, not based on their $$$ or insurance plan!
Both doctors, insurance companies and medical systems should have a % of skin in the ACA market or pay higher taxes, penalties, etc.
Well done Senator :-)
Once again you step up for all of us! Thank you Sen Warren from a constituent.
Since when do politicians get to dictate who makes what kind of profits.   Piss off lady.
That's why they lose money- ACA!
They are not making profits on the ACA contracts they are losing money on them because of the STUPID premise of Obama care
Where do you have your policy Senator?
He must have laugh at all the home.
Oh so battle weary. So u create this mess and now going to force insurers into it. Good luck.  Can't believe ppl trusting you to fix ur mess
Keep on them! Don't back away
Like #CongressCare. Subsidy not allowed in ACA is "your profit" off taxpayers. #RemoveExemption now Ms #HolierThanThou
She persists ... thank you @SenWarren - these insurance companies are scum and we need national healthcare.
As I recall the coverages are mandated by the ACA senator.  The insurance companies have no say in the plans that they offer.
People pay for your insurance
You forced ACA on America and this shocks you
New York Postanthem ceo gave himself a pay raise from $13-16 million salary.

Tell your hairstylist to take her blindfold off next time.
You own Obamacare and you know it's a loser? You did nothing to fix it! It will harm all Americans!!! Unconscionable and unacceptable
So infuriating to hear the rationale for non-participation perspective for greater capital at the expense of the little guy- ticks me off!
 why would he care what Pocahontas said 

Girrrlll 




The ACA was supposed to make it better through the bill. Now all of a sudden it's their faults? Blame game failure.
Insurance companies must go. They are only banks for many political candidates.
Mic drop 
Insurance health industry has at best a HUGE 4% profit. Liberal software giants have better than 14%. Who's more EVil
tax payers don't want to pay them any more!! we want chip out , our brandname meds back, and affordable care w/out GOV
kill the #ACA now.  let competition decide.  #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
Better idea: let's stop Antheminc from stealing from taxpayers in the first place.
If you don't want insurance don't buy it.   They can't steal if you don't subscribe. Obamacare was a Ponzi scheme from the start
You support that? You so called woman deserve it then
Ur time is up 2018 . Were on to your bullshit
Liz you're  the  problem - you could never own a business for you would bankrupt it before you got it up and running
Thank you!
Wow, I bet that shook them up. You make huge profits off of Taxpayers so what the hell? ACA is a clown act.
BERNIE SANDERS ... YOUR IDEA GETS BETTER AND BETTER!!!! MEDICARE FOR ALL ... THESE CROOKS CALLED INSURANCE COMPANY'S CAN GO TO HELL!!!!
I  this woman she's my HERO
This guy's smirking because the winning financial model is: trade/sell nothing (or crap) for all you can get. Duh, what planet are you from?
Their Minimum Loss Ratio is already mandated by statute (85%) I love you EW but in this case your profit estimates aren't correct.
Well they can't! ACA has too many government regulations and restrictions! Private enterprise across state lines. You should know that.
http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/13/news/economy/georgia-state-insurance-gop/index.html … // http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/explainers/2017/apr/selling-ins-across-state-lines … // http://www.factcheck.org/2017/07/selling-insurance-across-state-lines/ … #Trumpsupporters #DumberThanABagOfHairsHair.
Quit talking and do something
Pochahantas is full of it. Anthems profits are cooked into the ACA read it to find out what's in it!!!!
Your claim completely disregards the answer given by Anthem's VP ...
Anthems VP didn't give a response to Sen. Warren's question which was "why are you pulling out of markets if you are making massive profits"
Define huge profit and what is real return? Use facts and you might sound more believable .
Please create a chart of current CEO salaries and use it the next time you make a point. Keep it up! We are dying out here. #MedicareforAll
You make money off the backs of people lose their house
Who let you out of your Tee Pee?
Liz the first thing you need to humbly understand. IS you tell nobody nothing. Because as a servant  the best you can do is suggest.
A lesson learned by corporate America from the Great Recession: profits are for us, losses are for the taxpayers.
You kicked that mans arse why can't congress say if you want this and this u will have to do aca and if refuse 2 do so then ur share will go
I think you meant Democrats. They want you to believe it's the Republicans who have all the money but do some research it's Democrats with $
Why not do your job and keep your nose out of everyone else's business you just make things worse Pocahontas
The power of the insurance companies have relative to controlling healthcare is appalling. Healthcare is NOT a corporation.
I still say we go w the French model & deny insurance cos ANY profit off health care.. they can use it to promote their other services
Why should our capitalistic ideology collude with Russians socialism-communism when it comes to our heath care?
Where all paths cross lies the Truth
A lot of footprints also.
Got em hahaga ooops
No wonder you guys have only a 15% approval rating when you come up with something that stupid why would anyone support the ACA
Girl u r on FIRE LOVE U
Liz, that's kind of like pissing in the fan while it's turned on high.
Wow aren't you special
we have had enough of you
They should raise their rates as punishment for listening to you!
The more you tweet the more people you drive into the republican camp, don't stop!
ACA from day one was designed to line the pockets of the Insurance companies under the guise of helping the poor.
It was a boondoggle
Warren ignores FACTS: obama care forces people to have ins at any cost ,thus ACA is responsible for junk policies benefiting ONLY Ins cos
That sounds delightfully uninformed.  Why did you bother?
we do not negotiate w/terrorists-even those in 3 pc. suits!
Or they could just become Democrats.
Simple.  They have outrageous profit expectations and do nothing in their work for this country.
But Trump & his rich henchmen just want the money. They definitely are not for the people and everyone know this. Gotta get them outta heah.
Wow you do realize Trump is the one trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act Right is the Democrats making all the money off of it
Just don't understand it, they're losing customers and A LOT of them by doing this. My guess they'll go bankrupt before long
MAKE HEALTHCARE NONPROFIT! Everything you said points directly to that! Anthem SERIOUSLY made almost a $BILLION in 3 months off of health???
And they certainly should NOT be profiting off of MY taxes!
They're pulling out of ACA because it's stupid plan. You have to move back to the free market
The ACA ruined decent private coverage. Higher deductibles, higher copays, higher premiums. Thanks Liz.
Thank you for all you do for us!  Healthcare should be a right, not a privelige
Why?
While this is a Nobel thought, explain how any company can provide decent coverage through the ACA. The program is failing and you know that
Oh wow!  You told them!  #Socialist #Communist
lizzy, you lie, you are egregious example of taxpayer abuse since WE pay your salary & you do nothing for American except spew hatred shame
did u have this epiphany when Obama was pres, not, my President keeps u eneggized
Anthem just knows they can't compete properly when under the authority of the ACA. Competition drives prices down. Why all the hate Warren?
You're doing your tribal elders proud Liawatha!
Anthem made almost a billion in profits in 3 months but GOP has their voters calling progressives greedy with their money! I think not!
We'd love you to join us is our solidly blue Commonwealth
YOU mean Obamacare that all YOU democrats ran down our throats and refuse to repel & replace!!! YOU really are PATHETIC LIEAWATHA!!!
FIX something they new all along was going to fail!! Tic tock tic tock tic tock!!! Zzzzzzz
She is doing something......NOTHING!!! Why would anyone even want to look at this poor pathetic lier....I know I don't!!!
Absolutely!!!
The majority of Americans support Medicare for all? I am not sure that is true. I  your spunk though!
Get it girl. You are a hero! And you kill it in purple. We need more strong women such as yourself in Congress.
You are very diplomatic. I would've told him to suck a big old bag of dicks
Oh, my god, I love you, Elizabeth Warren.  Take no prisoners.  Woohoo!!
Woo Hoo? Is that a shot at her Native American heritage?
Too many conflicts of interest with insurance companies to provide coverage. They need to go and replace single payer
there is no "I" in team.  Remember "you" represent Massachusetts not "your" bid for pres. thats why we need @DiehlForSenate @JohnDennisWEEI
You took up this fight, BLOTUS allegedly tried calling Mexico 2x today but failed ... so you're both fighting for Americans equally!
They won't they care about their pockets not us struggling.  GOP will do nothing
YAAAAAAY
SENATOR
STUNG EM LIKE A BEE, 
NOW THEY NEED TO BE BUG SPRAYED. 
WE DON'T NEED FROM THEM OR FROM ANY LIKE THEM.THEY CAN KISS GROUND
What a schmuck! Good job Senator Warren
Im so saving this tweet
I paid a lot for an Anthem plan that ended up not being accepted by the doctors I went to, so I paid out of pocket anyhow. Useless!
Maybe cuz Repubs did it all behind closed doors an didn't allow Dems to be involved.  As for the ACA, it's better than what we had.
And I worked in healthcare for many years so I saw it all 1st hand.  Our system sucks.  Friends & relatives in other nations have it great.
Problem is ACA is NOT affordable!!!
How do they recover their cost?
Somebody has to pay. How do the other countries recover cost. Nothing is free. Single payer does not work. How do you control cost?
You make laws so that companies cannot PROFIT from healthcare.  They made almost $1BILLION in 3 months. We need to stop that!
Health Insurance companies R choking people. They need 2 help get people covered instead of taking premiums & not providing decent coverage
Dear Sen Warren do you think @AnthemInc care what you say.  Sorry
You misunderstand today's American business environment.  Congress auctions off constituents into indentured servitude assuring profits.
@SenWarren is doing a great job at being super wealthy and very elitist.
Healthcare, education, and the prison system should *not* be for-profit industries.
Wish I could retweet twice. 
I thank you for doing it even once.  
Don't blame Anthem for Congress actions
Anthem runs a successful business
Every business Congress runs, loses money!
Post Office, healthcare
I'm sure they were really shaking in their boots, scared to death at a strong Native American woman.
What are you afraid of?  That you'll be covered under a Universal Healthcare plan as your right as an American citizen?
Anthem is easily one of the scummiest and unAmerican companies in this country.
Did @SenWarren ever ask the American Indians she exploited for personal gain what they thought of her lying about them for decades? #MAGA
Thank you, senator! I was screwed over by Anthem this year. This gives me peace of mind. 
Way to go! Get them Senator Warren! Hold the accountable!
Why would they do that under the bill that you helped to pass. They have had record profits. Thanks for ACA you liars in the Dem party.

