I'm so demoralized that I'm willing to let people take the consequences of voting R. Willful ignorance has led us to this place.
is nice to have someone listening for a change.....
You're dreaming if that's what u think
Repeal Barry from Honolulu care!
Get used to it because President Trump is your President. President Trump is by far the best President we have ever had.
Why didn't you ever speak out against the horrible Obamacare?
I love my ACA coverage.I got my thyroid surgery yesterday w/ it. w/o my ACA I'd be toast
Big deal. There are millions who don't.
That's why I'm asking. I honestly don't understand. My plan is amazing & affordable w/ the subsidy. Ty Saitama
Fake....nice try George Soros
The people ACROSS America spoke up in 2016 and voted against Obama care!
Wait till O'care fails. You'll see how many ppl are uninsured then. They'll have to pay the penalty and a doc bill.
Don't stop to congratulate ourselves or rest on our laurels.This was 1 battle in a long war.This isn't close 2 finished yet.Keep after them!
If Obamacare was written well we wouldn't be in this mess .Republicans now have to write a new "bill"
ACA doesn't need to be repealed, it's a very good (lifesaving) bill with a few flaws.  It needs to be tweaked., for sure.
We must continue to #resist until EVERY American regardless of gender, age, color of skin, orientation, or ability has FULL healthcare!!!
How could they speak out against it when they haven't even read it? Oh that's right you guys read them after you pass them.
Oh, MA still has healthcare choices?  How about visiting states that DON'T??
#Massachusetts speaks! Hillaryous! No one wants to live there w/your policies! You a #Loser in #2018. #workingclass folks want @POTUS values
Is that for real or did you hear that on CNN. #nocredibility #fauxahantas
I'm embarrassed that you represent us in MA.
Still a lot more to do this is not a done deal
Not a good bill but I wouldn't "Cluck Cluck Cluck 1 little chick, 2 little chick,  3 little chick maybe more. U get my point.
U always say it's a tax break for billionaires what about all the tax imposed on the middle class by Obamacare stop lying Pocahontas
GM #sunrise @SenWarren #Love #Children #Humanitarian #Thanks #World #People for fighting righteousness vs #Trump heartless @realDonaldTrump
Trump and the gop is trying to wear us down,we must keep fighting.
For what Obamacare sucks
I agree with John Kasick. Democrats should be more willing to work with Republicans. Trump is a non Partisan..
What? The GOP did 0 for 7 yrs on healthcare. We ALL must pull together to get what we need. Healthcare for all no matter what! United States
Agreed. Now is the time. Trump is closer to Dems philosophy on Healthcare.
Probably bc he was once a Dem...LMAO...he'll do whatev whichev 
Right just like your buddy Pelosi let's sign it & then see what is in it  AFFORDABLE AFFORDABLE Keep Dr Keep your Plan NOT! #OurFamily5NoIns
Can't say the same for unborn babies at Planned Parentiod....
BLOCK TRUMP-PUTIN MEETING UNTIL WE KNOW WTF IS GOING ON. #TrumpTreason Russian radio takes over local DC station http://thehill.com/homenews/media/340292-russian-radio-takes-over-local-dc-station …
didn't we speak loudy in november when we elected President The Donald. get lost fauxahauntis
Pat yourself on the back by destroying the middle class with your monstrosity of Obamacare. You failed America.
We can cover everyone if everyone helps pay. Liz, are you ready to start taxing the 47% (your voters) that pay no tax now? Didn't think so.
Congrats! You've stopped progress. How about you do your job and actually accomplish something? New concept I know.
That doesn't mean the ACA is good. It is failing. Work with Republican's and come up with a good plan. Stop being obstructionists.
Is Obamacare a terrible law?
Your miss Obama now
Him trouble himself  don't know what  how that works

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
Since I was the 666 th rt   We beat down  devils.  D eceptive  E  vil  V alidating  I nconceivable  L  ove  for $ .
Sen Warren, please seek out your colleagues to work together @SenatorCollins and @LisaAnnMurk have sent out olive branches. Take it. Please.
You will have to explain that in your fail campaign in th near future. Beware
Thank you, Sen. Warren!!
What?!? The Repubs are pulling the vote because the bill isn't conservative enough.  Now they will pass a worse bill and you're happy?!?
Amen....must keep pushing more!
Can I please have your health plan?  #shutupLiz from MA
It's ok. She'd rather have O'care fail hurting millions of ppl. The Dems don't see a problem with O'care, right?
You need to be forced to use Obamacare.  Then you would know what it is like.
They weren't listening to us. They are merely as divided as we Dems. Universal healthcare and let's end this time-waster
So many have to sit and wait to see if they are screwed or not.. great
Got my surgery yesterday w/ my kick-ass ACA coverage 
#SacOshitJiwia
I hate you. There I spoke out.  Now start remembering you represent me.
How many?
Don't let up!!
@GretaLaMountain too soon to celebrate. They're coming back.
We need to keep letting our voices be heard
How would know  what the people of MA want? When is the last time you have been in the 413?
Watch VP tweet on his meeting. That's reality.
We spoke out and screamed about obamacare, how it was killing us. But you are deaf to people without money to buy you off. Need gop help NOW
How is the ACA killing us? Honestly I don't understand. It's been nothing but a Godsend in my life. Help me understand your angst plz
Fake news
Blablabla. Bla bla bla bla. I'll yell and scream and do nothing to help. Blablabla
I didn't hear anything. Hold on, let me #GoogleIt
Do you suggest we just sit back, watch Obama care fail then fix it? I support Trump and the fact the Rand Paul is there to help!!
Blah blah blah.
Democrats should put a bill together about fixing Obamacare.
That's our job. Push Congresd to enhance the ACA.It's whst we do w/legislation. Keep fixing it til it works.it's a time waster to scrap. 
We spoke out against Obama care and it was pushed through anyways. " If you like your Dr you can keep your Dr." "ACA will save $2500/family"
You need more republicans on your side- publicize what and who you are approaching.  Publicize who is turning you down
let their voices be heard. Your reps heard you! You are heroes!
So grateful to you Sen. Warren and your colleagues who stood with you. Also very grateful to the constituents who
I speak out against you every time I vote for your opponent.  Sadly this state is politically INSANE.
YOUR WONDERFUL OBAMACARE IS DEAD! People are hurting because of u Dems/Liberals.
What are you doing to fix the Obama care? All you politicians need to do your job to fix health care. How about working together for the USA
So sane! That's how it used to work. Keep at it. Gix it. Enhance. Their pride blocks them as does their greed.such a waste of $$$ 
Yep your Far left whackos support, the rest of America thinks you're whacko in chief!
There should be a focus on reducing costs overall and not just premiums. That is the main problem
Agreed100%. That would ultimately mean Campaign Finance Reform D'OH. The real underlying problem! Oh wait the Supreme Court disagrees D'OH
LIAR LIAR @SenWarren  YOUR PANTS ARE ON FIRE
What about your Russian collusion?
Thank you for leading us @SenWarren !!! Resistance works ! #Neverthelessshepersisted  #NeverTheLessWEpersisted ! Thank you !
This bill is the same as Obamacare, needs full repeal, period.
We need Healthcare not Wealthcare.
If you're going to use scare quotes, you should have spent the last 7 years calling O-care the "Affordable" "Care" Act.
#Singlepayer 
Why not give all US citizens the same health care that YOU and your Senators/Congress have? You get it for free, correct? Hypocrites
They have to choose ACA plans too...w/ some more fluff but not blank check like back in the day
How could you let so many veterans die under your watch shame shame shame Obama did nothing to help the VA thousands died
Heard by the crazy left? No we want repeal and replace. No one should get fined $1800 a year because they choose or cannot not to buy ins
This is not Health care bill. This is death care bill...!
Pocahantas did well, health care important to her wampum based economy
When do I get my free medical?
ElizabethWARREN WORSE "THAN LEAD ZOMBIE IN HORROR MOVIE" WOULD BE COMMUNISM YOU & BERNIE WANT IMPLEMENT IN USA!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Please hold a massive town hall/public rally during recess. Get all the MA reps there. Like in January. We can't let up.
Dems 0-4 rally the war drum lol - No one does Rallies like Trump!!!
You 'voices' had nothing to do with anything.
So Lizzy Pocahontas, The rest of the country doesn't care about all your Medicaid welfare programs! Healthcare is not a rite! It privileged
Yes and we also spoke out about big bank bail outs and you didnt listen what makes us think you will listen now...oh yeah I am not a big ban
That's because you are spewing lies
Mrs Warren. They may have but when Obamacare fails the people will make sure to hold you accountable. Bye bye Mrs Warren. No senate for you
What are you actually doing besides talk and gripe? Are you trying to work WITH anyone? Offering to meet with republicans? Anything?
Exactly
I'm sure it's just a scheme to make rich people richer.
We should've beat up the people that are in favor of the healthcare bill. Those bastards deserve to put in prison for such terrorism!!
It's a trap! They're just going to make the bill worse to pull in most conservative Sens, then vote! Don't let up now!
Your Obamacare was not done right from start. That's why we are having this problem. It should have been fixed.
But be ready to fight again next week. The GOP will never stop until they can hurt more Americans.
Got to keep letting them hear it!
Don't stop fighting,  don't let the pressure off!!!! Remind ALL the Senators that #DeathCareBill is wrong!  #TrumpcaresUnAmerican
All 15 of you?
Tax dollars should be used for *direct* services for citizens. The cost (profit growth requirements) of ins. premiums cannot be sustained.
Yay!!  Our phone calls had an impact!!!  Go USA!
This military family, 1 mbr 30yrssvc now 100%disabled, fervently asks you to stay strong. For our entire nation.
YET, you and your colleagues supported it.
Obamacare is a failure.
metaphorically, GOP feed on hard labor of working class folks who THINK GOP cares? ask yourselves. Does their healthCare LOOK caring?
really
And you think Obamacare is
Thank God...but it ain't over till it's over with McConnell around.
GOP all like "lol they think they stopped us, we're just on a quick beer run for the 4th of July"
Can we stop calling this health care?
This is clearly INSURANCE EXEC $ and WEALTH protection. Actual care is threatened across the board.
W/o campaign finance reform we are fracked sis
F-ing Citizens United.
It ain't over yet. #Keepcalling
Stay strong American and stay together. You know what they are trying to do. Don't let the Rep. Walk Over You.
Remember #TheTimeMachineMovie?
Moorlocks write for AltRight in darkness.
WeThePeople = Eloys.
Moorlocks fed & managed Eloy ONLY TO EAT THEM!
They will pass one you clown. They are getting it RIGHT. NO RUSH. please go away.
That was a welthcare
We are trying to work as hard as you against them!  And it's not over yet.
Great!  What did they say about the Democrat plan? Although it seems like they want current affordable HC plan to stay in place.
Yeah ! Obsma care imploding 82 million deplorable have spoken against democrats!
Did you vote for the ACA?
I don't believe she was a Senator then.
#AltGOPCare or whatever they change nameto hide it.
Is like movie #SoylentGreen.
When all facts known.
Tax breaks are made from poor People!
Thank you for staying focused on this issue. People are desperate and their lives depend on defeating this draconian heath bill.
Medicare4all
Healthcare made simple as 123. 1. Get job 2. Buy the plan you want on the open market 3. Go home
EEhhh thx 4that but I'm staying w/ #MEDICARE4ALL  
I withALL's when it comes 2 healthcare including the poor&disabled 2 : )
There's this new thing called Medicaid and Medicare.
Run for President already. Or get a populist President to run.
I think you mean our war chants and animal spirits
Yep I'm hopeful the Reps just let Obamacare continue until the Dems are BEGGING Pres Trump to save them from the disaster of Obamacare :-))
Why don't you convince the people of MA to pass their own single-payer? Ya know, they have that ability and right.
No you didn't!  You proved you don't have a voice at all.  You're not even in the game so you can't claim the moral high ground.
Would you ever consider being the Senator for Nebraska? We desperately need people who will listen to the "common folk" 
what about the existing terrible health care bill Senator; should they just let it collapse under its own weight while you run away from it
We must keep being noisy! #resist #SinglePayerNow
Let 4th of July 2017, be a reincarnation of the efforts for independence from autocratic rule. Health and humanity for all Americans.
Keep fighting, @SenWarren !
I left a message with your office thanking you for being a kick-ass senator.  The people of MA are lucky to have you.
Y r u calling her Pocahontas?
Who knows for sure why. Only mcconnell. I say we let @JohnKasich figure it out. Let common sense rule! #pragmatismissexy
AND YOU LISTENED!!!  That's why I live in Massachusetts.  Thank you 1000 x's
Your the people that gave us failing healthcare
Liar liar paints on fire
Which Bill Obamacare? 
