It is easier to control uneducated people, isn't that their end goal, power and control?
Just what the democrats want and need useful idiots
??? DeVos isn't a Democrat.
I was replying to Mandy. The liberal
You don't what I am, please don't label me
Well you were agreeing with warren which puts square in the liberal camp
That makes you sound really ignorant! Sorry you have such narrow mindset.
No it is actually very simple I do not believe in killing babies. Every thing else is negotiable
@RoosterWrangler Trump loves the poorly educated.
Seems to me that the Dems/Liberals are the uneducated people!!
I only know a few Trump supporters personally & all of them barely made it thru H.S. At least I have an AA + paralegal cert & short of BA
Good for u! I also have Paralegal Certificate, AA in Administration of Justice, 36yrs in Government (including 6yrs Army)
Speaking of military, what have u done to help maintain the freedom u enjoy in this GREAT COUNTRY?
And I maintain freedom daily from Trump supporters & racists that attack friends, neighbors AND even strangers!
You're Truly maintaining the Freedom by being in the military and fighting for it like all the brave men and women
Oh I forgot, Liberals don't like the military. They feel we should stand on the beach w/ butterfly nets to catch the Nucs
Wake up Warren...this problem is not new. Stop blaming everything on the Trump admin. You are part of the problem.#TermLimits
I SECOND THAT!!
Awwwww the poor little baby Liberal Warren, still can't accept defeat  STOP UR DAMN lies "Pokahanas"!!
thank u well said!!!!
Did you expect anything different????
https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/870694255810850816 …
Ugly violent student protestors at college are driving up the cost. Who is paying to clean up their mess???
that's awesome good quote. She is truly a nut!!!
I presume neither of them ever had to consider taking a loan with interest to go to any school ever
What?You must mean the free tuition
How much you get paid to teach a class again?
@SenWarren Thank you for launching DevosWatch! The worst of many dasturdly CabSecs-she is a terrible threat to public education.
Excuse me Senator. Please remind us. What college did you go to under the guise of an Indian?
How is it affordable now? The Govt hands out unlimited funds, so colleges just increase tuition. The free govt money is why its unaffordable
@MatthewStroud10
@SilverAdie - STOP HIM SENATOR
https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/870694255810850816 …
Only silver lining will be IF otherwise students start their own businesses. Are Trump & Devos going to create jobs instead? I doubt that.
r u ready Pocahontas to let all in the country now u lib. Thxs we have a POTUS that believes in security. Also dumb judges!!!!!!
You will need to take a 2d mtg on your $5,000,000 home to pay your tuition as you'll  be unable to get an educ grant like you did at Harvard
Make college free in your state Senator Warren. You should be the first. 
Sincerely,
Scott Warren
Your giving away free education,so why not reallocate those funds to better serve other needs!Or is education not free as you say
That's good. Maybe then colleges will not raise their tuition commensurate with is your loans. How about you work on that
B/c they want the next generation of students & subsequent generations to be uneducated. It's easier to lead them around by the nose.
My daughter relys on scholarships and student loans this makes me so angry!!!
I guess that's better than her having to rely on you for spelling
Lack of education means more GOP voters! Educated people tend to be blue!
College didn't suddenly become outrageously expensive on Jan 18. This situation has been decades in the making.
Lower your fees
Wait one moment! Just tell them how u claimed Indian heritage to get into Harvard. Huh?
Charging $400,000 to teach one class makes it harder for students to afford college Pocahontas!
Which is the way should be. Education for male, white, freeholders. Colors are less than full person. Women don't count. Gorsuch originalism
Incorrect.   Gorsuch originalism means color and sex don't matter at all to the law.
If the liberal whack professors didn't demand a tenured six figure salary to indoctrinate our young into socialism,students could afford it
Use Liberal as a pejorative?  I am willing to be you dont really know what the term means but are only offering it up as something you heard
Before college, she was a normal kid, now she's whacked out with all these political causes and anger! It's crazy!
They get loans 4 college that they can't,or won't pay back. If u take money out 4 anything else u pay back 2 bad so sad
What's SAD is that 11 other countries are able to offer free college (and healthcare) to their citizens. /3
And how much aid does the US give any of those countries.
Denmark and Luxembourg are among the most generous givers by % and yet, still offer free healthcare and college. Not an excuse.
But there income tax is high,that is what pays 4 health & education.
Are you against education for the poor? Why? When all are given an equal chance to learn a skill or trade, more can be done to #MAGA.
I am truly sick of u making it sound I'm not 4 education 4 the poor. I'm not but not at the expense of my survival OK
Which is why the Republican notion of tax cuts for the rich is preposterous! They get to do business here, they should pay their fair share.
Nice to know the woman in charge of education has her priorities so clear. Profits uber alles!
#CruellaDevos
May I use your hashtag in my retweet?
Please do!  #CruellaDevos
Thx. It was truly inspired.  :')
what makes it harder to afford college is hefty salaries of charlatans LIKE YOU.  nothing else.
Well easy student loans encourage colleges to increase tuition faster than rate of inflation! The fault dear Senator lies in our Colleges.
Sad!
Easier student loans allows universities to raise tuition.  You are clueless.
People that's life. We all pay our way through life. U want something u work hard and PAY for it. Stop crying. Worry about real issues
Go bury your head you are not fit to be in congress you have lost ur mind. Wow
Please stop him. Persist
Maybe your overpriced salary at Harvard it part of the problem
Then go for a trade school dont claime to be cherokee and go for interpretive dance therapy.  #learnatrade
Gee your not bought and paid for by the teachers union:)))
Let the little #snowflakes get off their ass and get a job.
Aren't you in the Senate? Why don't you do something about that? #Duh
Maybe it will put pressure on colleges to lower costs. Maybe YOU can take a pay cut! It's a start.
That's along the lines that you have American Indian bloodlines, I'll take that with a grain of salt!
#fauxPocahontas #Demshysteria
Hopefully now our colleges and universities will concentrate on US citizens.
It is clear they want more uneducated citizen this way they keep wining and manipulating with lies!
maybe you should have donated your 429,000 salary at Harvard for teaching one fucking class before talking about college affordability
That woman is horrid!
Good
The current student loan program isn't stellar
Precisely as intended. The population is easier to control if the population is not educated.
Of course! They need more Valet attendants and cleaning personnel..
It's just what the establishment rights want uneducated, medically unfit, to influence and fight back. It's like Charles Dickens all over.
Well isn't that the point-everyone should just be stupid,ignorant and pregnant
It cost no more now than it did 120 days ago Warren 4 once in ur miserable lying life tell at least some truth. Ur crap
Now you're no fool, you know that government loans subsidized by taxpayers increase asset prices, in this case a diploma
Why can't anybody see he is creating a large cheap labor population for millionaires to increase profit?
One life long debt at a time.
.. and the avg US post secondary education is hardly worth anything as it is.
Try a JOB
Democracy only works with a well  educated public.  That is why the GOP is out to destroy our education system.  They prefer Fascism.
So let's keep loaning people money they can't pay back. That is stupid American Indian Warren
The world needs ditch diggers too.
By getting uneducated people and pushing religion they can control them easier....YOU CONTROL THEIR BELIEVE AND SEXUALITY YOU HAVE THEM HOOK
war dance pocahantas
Shut up Pocahontas
The rich prefer the rest of us be uneducated and easy to sway in order to keep their sugar daddy in the White House.  DeVos=no schools.
Come to NY it's free
If course it does, they want a large pool of dumb desperate labor, and you don't get that by educating people
lower tuition!
Maybe people like you shouldn't be paid $350,000/year to teach one course.  I'm sure that has NOTHING to do with tuition costs.
Considering the "education" rendered by lib classes , it's better to get a free education thru Khan Academy.
They are creating a caste system.  Stay strong.
Thank Pocahontas....
That just means the people who really want to make it, will. Those are also the ones who will succeed. Weed out the weak, lower debt. #idiot
Trump's making America first on the broken dreams of America's future leaders. 
You think he wants our future leaders stupid?
Perhaps colleges should stop paying instructors $400k+ to teach one class. Then maybe tuition will come down?
So Pocahontas
How much did you ask for a lecture? At that price even Millionaires won't be able to afford going to College.
well we saw how the last man handled the student loan program! Ms Devos can do so much better
the rePUSlican cabal HATES an educated public especially, women!
KEEPEM BAREFOOT, IGNORANT & PREGNANT!!
When does all these entitlement programs end? How about the government provide people with a house, car, gasoline, food, etc......
So make it free then.
When people get paid 6 figures to teach one class, it's hard for students to afford college.
Nurse practitioner with a six figure income. Education, with the help of student loans, have afforded me the privilege of paying more taxes.
what could be the motive? 
curious how this is #MAGA...
hope Trump's supporters can help me better understand the logic here
The woman is a waste, uneducated & has not a clue to promote the minds of students. The 1% must be held accountable!
Trump only cares about Trump!! We are doomed! God Bless the children!
Hey Warren
I worked in the day and went to college at not
Time for snowflakes like you to work for a living
wonder why millennials live at mom house til 35 and never buy house! Good for economy? No! But everyone is socialist atheist so yah college
But don't worry well all get that 18% interest loan from govt to pay for masters degree that 20 years ago was a bachelors
Not to be told everyone DESERVES to go to college.  You need to EARN your way to college, now a bachelor degree is diluted.
These inept party seekers or brainwashed dolts, need job training program in trade or for specific field that is PRACTICAL for them.
College should be affordable, and very hard to get into.  Complete morons get accepted bc it's all about $$.
Did you know that only 55% of students that enter 4 year college end up finishing?  Sets them back, buries in debt, bad for country
That's great, we all see how college is turning our young people into blabbering un American idiots.
Doing all they can to keep the poor even poorer. Lose your food stamps & get a job they say. But don't get educated
NO, overpriced tuition & overpaid professors make it harder to afford college.
Your party created this, So pass a law to eliminate free tuition for undocumented non citizens
Tuition high d/t ppl like YOU charging $250,000 teach one course, but liberal prof getting mega bucks to teach isn't the problem. HYPOCRITE
True. But YOU still suck. I was a huge fan, but you have been proven to be quite the sellout.
They want to take us into another dark age.  We lose.  They get cheap uneducated labor. #resist #wakeup
@SenWarren my kid could afford college under Obama. What was your excuse then?
Being able to take out huge loans does not mean something is affordable.
One way to keep an ignorant base
Keeping us dumb allows lowering of wages
What happened to the DOE IRS datalink?
Educated individuals do not vote for the @GOP. This is intentional.
The reason college loans r so high is due to Big gov. U made it profitable for colleges to raise tuitions. Now its tax payers problem.Thanks
My student loans are at 8.5% interest rate and accruing interest daily. The govt.is making bank off students.
.@SenWarren @Rosie Well, he does love the uneducated!
Republicans want more stupid people. That's their base
Liar
There was just another charter school suddenly closed in MI it's going to be country wide
Let them sell Amway......
Senator, please stay focused on the investigations & prosecutions of those responsible for treason & collusion. We can fix the rest later
So sad!
Perhaps now the sky won't be the limit with college tuitions.  Get the government out of it..Trump is right
No u and the federal government do a fine job on ur own.  Didn't u make $400k/yr @ university?
Of course. Uneducated and uniformed voters is how we got in this mess.
At what point do we say ENOUGH we want our country back...if I wanted a Russian dictator I would move to Russia.
Bullshit !!
Your salary as a part time professor make it's unaffordable
@repdavetrott is staying on a DeVos owned yacht in Machinac Island this week.
ORLY? DO TELL.... is it called The Flying WASP?
Please vote Republicans out.  I can't believe what they are doing to our country
Not going to affect Gump's base ... not unless 'Noodling' becomes a College subject.
Better of not going to college. Then strive to pay off a college loan the rest of your working life!
Of course -why would we need educated people?
Only to lower income people.
Is anyone surprised?
Can you justify the cost of college credit? Could colleges charge these high cost without easy to get student loans?
You mean they might not be able to sit in your class at Harvard where you teach because you're  "native American"? Go home Liz. You're drunk
Most of them don't belong in college.
College is NOT a right. How about instead of requiring Biology, chemistry, calculus, knowing how to write a 10 page book report, and art *1
How about we require primary aged students to learn how to budget, how to work, how to grocery shop, basic home repairs, and change a tire
Colleges make it hard to afford college.  Lack of loans makes it hard to have lifetime debts.
How about hmmm idk, the government stay out of college so that the free market will make colleges cheap for everyone?
I had to pay for my education without any loans. Harvard, Yale,  Princeton and other expensive Universities can offer private payment plans.
Then colleges need to lower tuition costs to compete. Not tax hardworking Americans to pay these student loans by dept forgiveness. No more
@Rosie known fact this was going to happen.  What now?
And what will happen to the jobs at all the universities that will no longer have enough students? Maybe they can go mine clean coal.
This administration is ruining our country!
Make America more stupid.. less critical thinkers, less outspoken citizens - a recipe for disaster
@11thDems DeVos is an uneducated elitist she does not understand next to public sanitation public schools have made most impact
As long as there's money to steal, they don't care.
THAT is good. . .Too many chiefs and not enough Indians.  (pardon the reference Ms. Pocahontas.)  Make TRADE SCHOOLS FREE.  We needs skills.
And when fewer people go to college, maybe the costs come down.  That and college isn't necessary for all.  And all shouldn't pay for some.
Creating more dumbass tRUMP supporters one budget cut at a time!
Any country wanting to progress has got to invest in its future.  A country's future is it's young people in education.

Wonderful. Who wants educated youth?! #winning #maga #impeachtrump
Thank you for standing up for the people of this nation!
This is ridiculous. Only serves to dumb down America even more. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP tell us this is not what you want.
What the hell is going on, why is the Senate & Congress letting this draconian budget pass.
Way to go..Make America Gullible & Asinine #MAGA is their motto 
uneducated masses are easier to fool, so it fits their agenda.
He told everyone he loves the poorly educated. Now it becomes real.
Why has it been made so hard for students, minorities, elderly, disabled and poor to get the decent help needed from this administration?
Lmao...what a joke!
