Now @SenateMajLdr wants to end the decades-long tradition of letting senators weigh in on home-state judicial noms.
.@SenateDems won’t sit silently while the rich & powerful rig our courts & ram through even more radical, right-wing, pro-corporate judges.
Chairman @ChuckGrassley should reject @SenateMajLdr’s dangerous proposal to end blue slips & stand up for fair courts & equal justice.
He’s out! Bannon will fuck him
This just makes me sick.
Then DO SOMETHING about it.
McConnell cares more for his jobs than the Americans he is charged to protect.

Can we just scream at him? Are we boxed in by norms to our disadvantage? He is bone cancer to the Senate Elizabeth. Seriously.
Excellent. The unrepresentative obstructionist Democrats are doing all they can to destroy this country.
Dictatorship coming to congress via Republicans
Time to break with your pathetic traditions to put non constitutionist in the jobs, about time
Unless states are breaking the feds law, it is none of congress's business to say anything about state judicial noms. Kick to curb 2018
Another lie.  They can still "weigh in", they just can't block them in attempts to prevent the duly elected President from making appts.
You are powerful. Stop this mad circus of Trump. Are you going to let Trump destroy our country . Start taking actions, before it's to late
You liberals fools destroying our country stirring up the bowl of hate.
Good, because US senators are far more creature of the federal Government than they are of their states.
We have a two party system. One party is bat shit crazy and the other party is weak and inaffective. Guess which party are the dems? The dems have allowed this shit to continue because they always bring a pillow to a gun fight!
Mitch needs to go!
Weigh in? No blackball
That’s a lie. The practice is a form of obstruction. You just want to keep obstructing progress.
Hurts? Doesn't it Lizzie! Love Karma!
Congress should impeach or are you waiting for Muellar to gather more information?  In W,?So disillusioned with GOP's desire to keep Trump
How much is turtle face being paid and by whom?
We've seen how Obama's judges ignore the Constitution and legislate from the bench.
McConnel is a racist. He’ll never forgive Dems for electing a black man. Powerless to change that choice, he’ll do anything to feel powerful
IS HE STILL LiVING?
Known liars shouldn't be allowed to do anything in the Senate. Here is a picture of a known liar.
We know. You want Nazi, Commie, Faciast globalist murders on the bench. The hell with America and individual freedom-right!
Because they R power hungry greed mongers playing 2 trumps base.  They ARE the "Loyalist/tories" from 1770's that my ancestors fought n won!
Terrible. Sen. Warren,  what can we do?
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
Yes. That’s called leadership. As you have observed you want to see leaders lead. So shut up and do your job Senator.
Mitch McConnell doesn't care about the American people. He cares about his own agenda, and money from lobbyist.
So much for bipartisanship & Senatorial conventions. Stacking the deck is the only way the GOP knows how to play
Unbelievable!!
Democrates and anyone that cares about this country better start getting it together for 2018 the Republicans are destroying this country
Senator McConnell do you know this word? com·plic·i·ty kəmˈplisədē/
noun:
synonyms: collusion, involvement, collaboration,connivance
Impeach "NOW!" Enough is enough!
#25thAmendment
#Till Hell freezes over!!
It’s the republican way it’s not politics it’s just childish
@realDonaldTrump racism... is the heart of mitch and piggy piggy trump... anything to support the white American Nazi Party... Republicans are dead ... they no longer exist.. only the American Nazi Party
@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, A Good Day Sir☻
Why does this article say Mitch is keeping them?
he has ruined the senate.he'll be run out of office by crazies he's enabled.Leaving us w/ insane right-wing judges.
Not true. They can still weigh in. They just can't block.
Of course he does!! They did everything possible to stop Obama from nominating his choices, and even when he did, they said we had to wait until after the election...trusting Russia had their backs.
Why are the Repubs so hell-bent on deconstructing our government? Very scary regarding federal judges as they are lifetime appointments.
Exactly it’s a “tradition” not law
Your party better hurry up and get it together because your country is being destroyed & is just the worst.
Petty much??
Just another step toward the totalitarianism which is being touted by Trump.  We'll wake up someday in a dictatorship.
Sharon f u a-hole
McConnell is beyond disgusting. He's in his (almost - they all hope to be President!) dream job, and it isn't working out the way he wanted.
Stop being an obstructionist. Obama got his appointment. You are an rnrmy if the people

He is such a coward. History will not be kind to him or his kind.
You'd think that with unified control of the gov't, republicans would have been able to pass a Spine for McConnell by now
He has to be willing to go to Oz to get one.
You deserve having Trump as your President. I wish he was not mine.  Shame on you!  I thought highly of you.  Now that you support DT
Liberals are consistently on their back for big donors
Why aren't you going after @SenateMajLdr part in the russian election?  We know he played a key role, and shouldn't even still be in Senate
And will immediately demand it be reinstated if they ever lose the Senate majority again.
Thank you Pocahontas!! Scalp them all.
Because you do nothing but obstruct and resist.
Its not helping either but libta*ds are so stupid they still haven't figured it out
