if we allow the @GOP to control the narrative on TV and radio we will be mired in war/debt for the next 100 years
@chilepeppermama @SenWarren @SenateGOP @GOP 100 years huh?...  #libtard
#magtard
or longer..,
hmmm.... Your boy obama doubled our debt, & conflict everywhere....
obama didnt dbl debt but it did go up. Does that make a bad pres? Nope
oh, pardon me...  What was it? $10 trillion to $19 trillion #brainwashed #libtard
Reagan TRIPLED national debt. Bush 41 added +80% & Bush 43 added 110% #magtard stfu
Thank you for all that you do for us.
Thank you @SenWarren. I hope there's enough Repubs with a conscience to prevent this disaster.
Did you also tell the American people you and your staff aren't participating in the ACA?? You people in Congress are HYPOCRITES
No political stunt. Conscious effort to use govt to transfer wealth from middle class to wealthy.
What is?
Paul Ryan & co maneuvers
Seems to be pretty much their reason for getting out of bed in the morning, doesn't it?
@LaniKaiDuck @SenateGOP @YouTube 
You rock Liz!
tell that to the people who's premiums double and tripled.
Please do not let them repeal ACA!
ACA is Safety Net of middle & working class. Pull one thread & we all fall! Remember families of Disabled Americans
Thank you Senator Warren
same old school yard tactics. Grow up! ACA is a disaster and you know it.
Then contriving a superior replacement should've been a breeze.
So.....where is it?
when the millions who lost healthcare because ACA are covered again we can talk about how the people..
Actually, around 20 million more people HAVE coverage becauae of ACA. Again: WHERE IS ITS REPLACEMENT?!
As I said once the people who have had it stolen from them get it back we can address that.
Nope. Once the GOP or whoever comes up with a superior alternative, THEN we can talk about it.
You're in space land.  
It's no small part of the problem that you confuse a juvenile ad hominem with a cogent argument.
A great speech.  It expresses clearly what I feel myself.  Alas the GOP whip was out.  Cantwell, Baldwin, Van Hollen.
Isn't anybody ready yet to protest this election in the streets? @VoteHillary2016 @summerbrennan #Indivisible @ACLU @SenWarren @SenateGOP
Thank you! If the republicans repeal & run well it will prove to us that they really are failures to Americans citizen
Correct !
Yep, that's why they chose it. They are a party of cowards. All of them. Universally. Be merciless, Senator Warren.
You my dear Senator are the coward. In fear of the truth.  Perpetuating hate, disruptiveness to line your $
That probably violates your "native American" heritage, doesn't it you unethical, immoral woman you.
@edgarmglez @SenateGOP @YouTube wow senator Warren congratulations fortunately no one cares
Well, 4.8K people care so far. Small percentage of Americans, but who knows what the ripple is.
senator Warren will be another reason the GOP stays on top for years to come
Ryan might have listened.
You are my hero @elizabethforma . You and the illustrious @SenSanders

THANK YOU Senator Warren!
Thank you Sen. Warren I agree - repeal & run is for cowards! Improve the ACA don't repeal it! #CoverageMatters
idiot's! Keep fighting.
Yiu can make it happen...want in one hand and shit in the other
; Warren, a minority cheating American citizens out affordable healthcare. A dispicable phony, boarder line communist.
That's your distorted view. It's not reality.
Many will be harmed by its elimination. Thank you for speaking for 30 million people.
Loser !
HSAs are not for middle class or poor people. They only work if you already have money. Keep fighting!
The USA needs way more people like you!
 @SenateGOP @YouTube then get involved stop complaining & find solutions #wk4theppl
Keep it up, Lady. Damn it!! I am so scared for my country.

Don't you get the current program puts too much stress on the middle-class what don't you understand.  You are just clueless
Like you have any room to talk about "cowards." You embarrassed yourself last year, Senator.
Thank you.  Remind the other side that while they bask in great health coverage paid for by us, many don't.
do yu think its cowardly that yu refuse to return the scholarship yu stole from the Cherokee?
That's bullying

. @SenWarren @SenateGOP no substance just hyperbole Sen Warren spewing negativity again @FoxNews
Go Elizabeth. Please be our next President.
Watched it and you were great.
Thank you for standing up for those you represent.
@ezlusztig @SenateGOP @YouTube Thank you, Senator Warren. Always a fighter. #CorruptGOP your days without scrutiny are over.
@ezlusztig @SenateGOP @YouTube I am so glad @SenWarren is a @SenateDems
Brava! Elected officials working FOR US! #Courage #TheResistance Thank you, Senator Warren!
@pink22karen Keep up the fight Elizabeth for our American freedom. We must resist the Trump conspiracy.
don't you just love her? Admire?
@ezlusztig @SenateGOP @YouTube unfortunately they are cowards.  And the PEOTUS is one of the biggest cowards of all time
One reason why the #TWITLER may be hiding his taxes...
The ACA is a costly failure. The public was duped into it. Pls keep trickin the citizens. It's hilarious! #dependency
Exempting yourself from the ACA to have your own plan is cowardly.
.@SenWarren @SenateGOP Passing ACA Xmas eve without any republicans was more cowardly. You're liars, that's why you lost. #FullRepeal ACA
half the story commie puke. Fuck off
Riiiight. If you're going to Internet, you should look up the definition of hypocrisy #magtard
You're just an ignorant racist dick
And you're educated and well spoken, sharing rational and truthful responses on Twitter <---- Opposite Day!
#AMEN--#TY #WARREN FOR ALL YOU DO!!!
Thank you for your courage and willingness to fight for the American People..  We are with you all the way...
We are all watching  very closely and GOP better not screw this up or come 2018 it will be the GOP that gets shredded.
Claims of mandate aside the GOP is in a precarious place and McConnell may find himself walking behind a mule & plow.
@onevoice2 @SenateGOP #TrumpTaxes MUST BE RELEASED BEFORE INAUGURATION. Please pass on to senators & reps. thanks we are too
repealing and running is unacceptable!!
I'm afraid name calling won't help. They're impervious.
Stronger strategy needed.
@egregory962 @SenateGOP @YouTube We are behind you! We are The Majority. 74>62
- Are you incapable of telling the truth?
Thank you, Senator Warren! We need your tenacity, perseverance and willingness to fight for what's right now more than ever!
Maybe we need to cut pay for all elected officials, get rid of perks.
Love You Sen Warren!
Joe, 35 yrs fighting cancer
Lost homes, two businesses
Barely hanging on
Kids suffered
Thank you
that's the kind of leadership we can look forward too I am afraid to say!
Repeal and run are not responsible and I wish my senators would be honest with us. Thank you!
A group of us in Houston with congenital heart disease have been organizing to help stop ACA repeal
Thank you Sen. Warren! The best solutions come from debate and compromise and not a myopic pursuit of power
Thank you for fighting for all of us!
ive been calling my senators Cruz, Cornyn, and my Rep Culberson. I have congenital heart disease
Thank you! Elizabeth you are our champion. I'm in Texas
Has anyone calculated what repeal and replace will cost taxpayers?
faking Indian heritage to obtain an advantage is a real coward.
Senate trying to repeal ACA. Headlines say Obamacare. People want ACA when not assoc w/Obama. Headlines should say ACA
@HaitiJustice @SenateGOP @YouTube We need Obamacare.. because #Trumpcant
Obamacare...Trumpdont
Meryl Streep's speech: Love Tolerance & Freedom of Press! Wrong?
@fdjordanjr @SenateGOP it's time for the Dems to take off the gloves & FIGHT!!!!!
exactly right
Why didn't you vote to oppose ratification of the EC vote? We needed ONE senator. Why wasn't it you.
Thank  You! I keep adking our senators why they are not fighting!
Liz- if that's what you think, then what's your opinions of the Obama failed admin?
I've never been so scared. Thank you for fighting for me & empowering me to fight for my future.   Glad to have you as an ally!
thank you Senator. This is what leadership looks like. @SpeakerRyan and the GOP have a death wish for Americans.
why health insurance rises out of control
thank you!
Warren we don't care what you think as we know what you stand for in supporting the most corrupt politician-Hillary.
Thank you Senator Warren! The GOP can not #repeal&run, leaving taxpayers holding a giant bill and dead friends
@Mayne1Carrie Go get Em Elizabeth Warren! They won't Back You Down! Your Male Colleagues could take a Lesson from You!#Resistance
thank you Senator Warren for standing up for our rights and working to save lives.
Thank You!!!
No one was listening. You blew it and now the Rep's control all 3 branches. Thanks for nothing  Retirement?
is right! Repeal & run? Reckless & cowardice. Do your damn job, @SenateGOP! Securing healthcare is OUR right to life.
Thank you. Now let @SenateGOP know the people want vetting for nominees. #NoEthicsNoHearing ! 
.
.
https://tspr.ng/c/women-march-on-washington-2017 …
#ReVote Jan18,2017 Hurry before Trump kills us all. If you've been paying attention you know why a re-vote is needed.
Excellent speech Elizabeth! Thank you so much! You have nothing but my full support.
@SenWarren why are you tweeting so much?   #epicfail
Thank you, Senator Warren. I admire and am grateful for your determination, your energy and your intellect.
When will the other Dems #growapair like you have. @MSNBC now has Greta...oh please. #havingavin2020
Just like refusing to sign the letter objecting the dozen ineligible R electoral voters! Shame!
.@SenWarren Plz do NOT confirm until required paperwork is in & appointees have been vetted. SOMEONE has to stand up for USA. Thank you.
GOP and Trump: you have had ample time to come up with a better plan. If you cannot, leave the ACA alone.
You are awesome. I'm glad you continue to stand up for the ACA and other things the @SenateGOP are so eager to wreck.
You act like Republicans don't have family members that need healthcare or insurance.
SHE does? Fascinating. How so?
You should have a sit-in we need another laugh.
Thank you for standing up for Americans, @SenWarren. #RepealAndRun is UNACCEPTABLE, @SenateGOP
THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator Warren
I love watching you speak #bosslady
Thank you, Senator Warren. You've got more balls than all the GOP puppets and sell-outs put together. We  U
Thank you for your work on behalf of ACA. Behind you all the way.
can states implement a statewide preservation of the ACA to preserve its benefits? State ACA to mirror the Fed ACA?
Maybe. Remember that the model for the ACA was "Romneycare" in MA. My guess is wealthier states could.
what happened to the name Obamacare? You sure can not call it affordable!
Yeah. Because health insurance and medical care were so inexpensive before the ACA was enacted. ;-)
Echo chamber
you are an absolute freaking goddess. Keep fighting!
Well that's an interesting tactic. Irrelevant but interesting. Might be more of #WhyTrumpWon
@repeal & run, thank you for speaking up and calling the GOP to be better human beings
Great Job We are watching
You are a force of nature! Thank you. Let us know how we can help you.
No need to demonize the GOP. They take care of doing it to themselves with their actions.
But u have no fix of your own. You don't have the mental capacity to present a solution
Thank you!
Thank you!  We love you! Give them hell!
Repeal and run would be political suicide for the GOP.
thank you!!!
Go get 'em! They break it, they own it! Payback in 2020 (or 2018)
thank you Senator Warren
thank you!
Yay! @SenWarren is a hero!
Count me in as a "coward" then and a deplorable redneck.
-Thank you Elizabeth Warren.
Let the trolling begin. Thank you for shouting the truth out past the troll-stench. We need fighters like you & Bernie
Are you prepared to place a hold on nominations if hearings are done without background checks?  #NoEthicsNoHearing
Go Senator, GO! Millions are behind you.
Unfortunately thats a shoe that fits them perfectly - they are cowards greedy ones at that
too bad nobody listens when u speak senator Warren
Seems like YOU at least did, huh?
Well, along with everyone else posting here & likely tens of thousands others.
They're a party of cowards. Had all that mouth about Trump, and then they ran to make amends when he won.
thank you for your service
Thank you for standing up for us. Even in NH.
Thank you!
<-- IQ challenged so please just let her babble without being too harsh with her.
idiot
I'm beginning to think Trump's cabinet is just a bunch of gang rapists.
Thank you, senator! You rock!
and tillerson sessions and Devos confirmation?
Warren for President 2020!
that socialist/ communist would have got won middle working America vote.

