traitorous republicans will go down.
you have ZERO followers LOL
good luck with that! can u lead Trump 2 Jesus & cleanse his lying  misogynist racist tiny mind?
nope. Saw him on the golf course Sunday morning!
@club_reid @SenatorSessions Thank you Senator Warren.
Putting a racist like Sessions in charge of Justice is horrible.
The female democrats seem to be on fire. May their flame never go out nor grow cold
That is not enough they will just go in a hole and return next season.
Bye Liz Massachusetts does not want you 53% of the People want you out of office your are a hateful person
We love Senator Warren. You are ignorant.
We have 50 people in MA doing polling and we are seeing most don't like her at all
I'd like to see those poll results in their entirety. Until I see them &analyze it, I don't believe it.
thise polls were probably done by Smellyanne Conman's polling business aka alt facts
Keep at it, @SenWarren. @SenatorSessions is all wrong for America!
Evidence? I don't just dislike the guy. He's a documented racist. Seems like your idea of America and mine differ quite a bit. @stockedwood
if by "documented racist" you mean, got the death penalty for a klansman #LibTard #LibLogic #Zombie #Schmendrick
I don't usually like tomatoes but I'll eat them in a caprese salad. Your point? @ChampionforKek @stockedwood
The point is you parrot unsubstantiated claims that you heard on the news. #Propaganda #GoodZombie
I'm sorry u've been played, but that is EXACTLY what ur president does, within MINUTES of Fox News broadcast. @ChampionforKek @stockedwood
 #NotAnArgument. Substantiate your claims
Sentor Warren, you make me feel proud to be an American citizen of choice, as an immigrant. Please don't stop!
she's an embarrassment
?And what do you care about my retweet?I'm working on a project to find out what makes people react to some and not others?
Many others retweeted the same tweet Why send me a reply?
every Democratic Senator should stand with you and read this letter!
how are ya buddy
Great call me we will meet for bkfst
you are totally unfit to be in the debate.
You tried Liz, but all you succeded in doing was proving that you are totally unfit to serve as a Senator!
If we can grab them by the pussy and get elected, what's wrong with making them sit down?  Slow news day?
How much crap do you got? #Pocahontas
Liz, you are a known liar and a radical person who is NOT in touch with reality. Retire.
curious about what lie you think Elizabeth Warren has told?
Senator Sessions we the American people that voted Trump in are proud to have you. This lady is nonsense.
Thank you, Senator Warren. You make me proud to be from Massachusetts.
McConnell is a disgrace to politics. The GOP is a dictatorship .  Protest McConnell!
"everyone i dont like is hitler!" got another one. its like they are all delusional
Says the Russian traitor with 0 followers  LMAO
your scam is nothing more than a joke. You should be ashamed for the fraud job... u obviously hate black people
And failed by violating the Senate Rules!  Guess you have to say it, to find out what's in it.
President Warren 2020. I like the sound of that. Think about it.
it will only ever be a thought ..won't go further
After the terrible reign of Emperor Nero (Trump) Rome eventually got Vespasian, a great ruler.
Yes after the year of four Emperors! 
He's trash because he is racist. Why do you like him?
It's a justified reaction. Don't want to hear it as often? Don't nominate so many racists. @stockedwood @tpendz @murphylinn @KarachiKid81
Hypothetically, if u slap me every day & I say ouch, is it my fault I say ouch so often? @murphylinn @stockedwood @tpendz @KarachiKid81
Bravo! You tried. Can't stop you, just slows you down a little! xxxx
, @SenatorSessions is a Russian mole.The @GOP is allowing our country 2 b taken over by a fascist regime. Defend Constitution PLS!
right. What's happening is  planed.Trumps  cabinet=corruption =money=disgrace for AMERICA
and we thank you for calling a spade a spade when it comes to the diabolical @SenatorSessions
WOW what a racist comment from a snowflake!! I am appalled at your racial slurs.
- I'd hide my face too if I were you. You should be ashamed.
says the egg troll.
- haha, not ashamed just tech unsaavy
tech savvy would imply you know how to put a picture up... any picture
I rather you shut up for good.   Respect your president so he'll respect you as well.
You are unfit to breathe.
Thanks Senator for your tenacious support for all America and not just White America!!!
- considering your ongoing histrionics I care little what you have to say.
But Loretta Lynch who colluded with Hillarys Husband was not fit or even ethical...
Thank You Senator Warren. We will prevail and they will regret this and all other injustices.
I was watching and could not have been angrier. So sick it happened. I am with you, Senator Warren!!!
Keep Calm and Persist On!
What makes you think you have the roght to speak for all of us women? WHAT?
@SenToomey @SenatorCollins I am not so sure that censorship has a place at such a time as a hearing.
my fellow Alabamian is NOT unfit to serve, but YOU Warren certainly are! MA can do better & vote u out!
thanks for your efforts! Those saying a white agenda isn't part of this admin's plan know nothing about @SenatorSessions. #unfit
cooo coo coo coooo coooooo cooo coo cooo
2020? #PresidentWarren
you called him degraded names and this is why you were told not to speak #noshameinurgame don't point fingers!
Sen Warren you are unfit to speak to anyone.
Seems you got more time to speak than any Republican had on ObamaCare. @seanhannity @KurtSchlichter @TuckerCarlson @philipaklein
thank you for your efforts Senator Warron.
and how did that work out for you? 
You were right to speak, and courageous to stand. Stay strong. We stand with you.
How many times will You repeat the same words Elizabeth? Please Shut up
You violated RULES, Fauxcahontas. Despite being a libtard and a woman, rules still apply to you! This is on you.
all sane people concerned about our futures and those of our children thank you for trying. We will not give up!
shut up already.
please keep fighting for all of us the American People. We appreciate what your doing.
your doing the right thing for us the American people who feel like america disappearing on all of us. please keep fighting
thank you for fighting for us !!
. Thank you.
Thank you!
Well, it didn't work.
Thanks!  We are watching the porcine so-called senators.  Disgusting!
you are loved, respected and admired Sen Warren.  Keep up the good fight!
don't be silenced, @SenWarren ! The world needs more people like you!
WARREN YOUR UNFIT TO BE A SENATOR
Thank you for your continuous efforts, Senator Warren!
your persistence is what makes you so valuable and so admired, we need your courageously ge in thge Senate!
We know you did. Two years from now, we WILL remember EVERYONE who didn't and voted for him! #trumpamerikkka
I Agree w/ u Senator Elizabeth Warren in Sen. J Session as being unfit to serve as US Attorney General. Vote NO
@IndivisibleOK @SenatorSessions Thank you for your representation, we have none in Oklahoma.
@brendaables @SenatorSessions thank you!
@washingtonpost @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 
2018 is rally gearing up more ammio from McConnell's action last night
u r unfit
They may have silenced your voice, but your message was heard loud and clear. Thank you for doing your job!
love you and how strong you are!
Your unfit to serve as well Pocahontas!
... rule about being "polite" to colleagues during debate seems misapplied when said colleague IS the topic of the debate...
outraged at how you were silenced in communicating the people's message
Thank you for standing up for what is right and speaking out against privilege!
we don't need another prejudice friend of Dump Trump in office #NOtoSessions
We saw the insult to you. Some people do not want to hear the truth. The GOP want lies,only
And, you proved beyond a reasonable doubt,  that you are oblivious to Senate rules & common sense.
we value you and all that you have tried to do and continue to do for us. Thank you for standing up.
Thank you for speaking out. Keep it coming! #letlizspeak
Sen Warren, you are awesome! Sen. Sessions and Sen. McConnell (who's not taking tel messages), you are not.
Thank you, Senator Warren!
THANK YOU!!
Warren is just another liberal who wants to destroy morals, protect crimminals and  silence  the message of god.
but didn't you endorse @HillaryClinton for POTUS? Do you know the meaning of "unfit"?
I don't give a fuck what you or King says.
My thoughts are exactly the same...we will take 'liars' seat in 2018 and give it to someone sain
Sessions given NAACP award. You knowingly attacked/broke Senate Rule 19 & used Kings name. Ask Alveda King.
"She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted." Let it be known that I want that as my epitaph.
Why can't see the FBI files on MLK?
how does it feel to be gagged warren? Least you were not pepper sprayed or attacked like trump supporters!
THANK YOU LIZ!  #shepersisted
Did you do an Indian war cry?
you make most of America sick that includes all colors all religions you do not know what you are talking about
Just wondering...Jefferson Beauregard Sessions lll...doesn't that name say all we need to know about him?
Thank you for your frustrating work. At least someone in this country cares about me and my fellow patriots.
We all heard you Elizabeth.  Stay strong!
Don't break the Senate rules
You are unfit-you lied about your heritage to use the system to personally benefit yourself without legal right.
thank you for speaking up for all of us. You are truly one of my heroes.
Goofy, you should rather talk about your hand in the destruction of the Democratic party. Thank you for the gift
if someone needs to be ridiculed, it's better to be ridiculed in public than in closed doors
We the People are so, so grateful for your effort. Stay strong! #resist
Shut up Warren, you are nothing but bigoted Socialist and an enemy to this Nation.
Wait was it you speaking or were you innocently reading someone else's words? transparent pathetic grandstanding
you did right and will be on the right side of history. Keep it up
SAY NOT TO SESSIONS!

I like you. But focus on your impact positive impact. Wasted energy and time trying to prove why others are unfit. #stayfocused
push it harder to save world from racism and neglect
and they SHUT YOU DOWN! So u run to #FakeNews #RESIGN
Senator Sessions will be a great AG as opposed to the politically motivated Holder & Lynch w/did not serve USA.
Thank you for everything you do. @SenatorSessions is not a suitable candidate for Attorney General. #sessionsconfirmation
you would have never been silenced if you were a man. Period !!
No, you attempted to engage in character assassination and were duly censured. #GoofyElizabeth
Senate rules aren't subject to the Constitution?
don't worry, we'll take it from here.
Sad!
You are a liar and a hypocrite, you lied about being a native American & you are lying about Jeff Sessions
I hope one day "...nonetheless she persisted" could be said about me.  Thank you!
Sen Warren the Republicans cannot stand to hear the 'TRUTH!' Believe in lies & alternative facts (bigger lies).
Sure hope Dems R fool enough to nominate Warren in 2020--she'll be as big a flop as HILLARY!
you should be more concerned as to why you are unfit to be a senator.
keep fighting them on 11.6.18 we need to change this Senate. Woman register to Vote then Vote get ready NOW
Maybe somebody should get up on the Senate floor & talk about why YOU are unfit to serve as ANYTHING.
keep fighting Liz.
And I thank you for doing this!
and you broke the rules of civility that do much to keep the senate a functioning body.
pocahontas not know rules of body she serves in...useless.
#SenWarren @foxnews  @cnn coming from someone who lied about being native Indian this is hilarious!!!
Pocahontas, #JustShutUp ! ! !
"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those but by those who watch them and do nothing."
You have offended every Native American I know! Sit down and shut up! Americans have spoke! Support our POTUS
Thank you for being a positive role model + fighter of democracy
Time to invite them guys 4 a home cooked dinner of contaminated clams, I'll cook, you buy the wine. Old school
Anytime I see "Call your senator about..." I check and you're already fighting for it. Glad you have our backs!
@SenateMajLdr and you were silenced for speaking the truth. #LetLizSpeak #silenceequalsconsent
Time for democrates to find some winners, not whiners!
Thank you, Senator Warren.
This was an embarrassing moment for Republicans. This whole year has shown the GOPs true colors.  #letlizspeak !
You can't hold a candle to Sen Sessions...you need to sit your lying, anarchist butt down. You are despicable
Go home Pocahontas, you're a nut case...
everybody is unfit to rule over others. @SenatorSessions
I think it is very disturbing that you have been blocked from speaking on the Senate floor!
Stand your ground SenWarren. So very proud of u
Yes, Mrs. King did say those words about Mr. Sessions but in 1986! People change! Have you never made a mistake?
most of you are unfit to serve the people, you need to truly care for the American people like @POTUS does or get out of there.
YOUR UNFIT TO OPEN YOUR MOUTH.  THANK YOU MITCH MCCONNELL
can't wait until Sessions is sworn in. A great man, an honest man who is pro America!! #trump45 #maga
Maybe you are the one who is unfit to be a senator.
Hopefully EW this will be your last term.  You are an embarrassment to Americans.  You've lost your mind
"totally unfit" you keep using that term but i dont think you know what it means
do not stay silent!
Imbeciles like this one would have sank our war effort in WW 2, due to stupidity.
Liz if anyone is unfit it's you. You have a very nasty outlook on Sen. Sessions. He has my vote. @Shirley
.@SenWarren @SenatorSessions Yet you approved Holder - Fast and Furious for fellow Democrat Obama You're such a hypocrite hope you lose 2018
Shame of Our Government , Due process was taken away. Very alarming for this Voter to see
I love you Sen Warren. Keep fighting.
we are with you! We will continue to fight alongside you, now and always. @CREDOMobile
and we HEARD you!
