Jeff Sessions answered “No.” Turns out he met with the Russian Ambassador. Two months before the election.
Now Jeff Sessions is AG – the final say on the law enforcement investigation into ties between the Trump campaign & Russia? What a farce.
This is not normal. This is not fake news. This is a very real & serious threat to the national security of the United States.
We need a special prosecutor totally independent of the AG. We need a real, bipartisan, transparent Congressional investigation into Russia.
And we need Attorney General Jeff Sessions – who should have never been confirmed in the first place – to resign. We need it now.
as a sr. member of armed services committee wouldn't he have regular contact w foreign ambassadors?
Most do but 19/25 others replied to story & no other has had contact w/ Russia, also why lie about it?
This is one of the most corrupt administrations in history. All pathological liars!
I talked to a Russian in line at the grocery store before the election and voted Trump, did I break the law?
he needs to resign! He lied UNDER OATH. Will you & other @SenateDems be calling for @jeffsessions resignation?
Call for Sessions resignation.   ASAP!
Sounds like a pretty clear cut question!  Not a lot of room for misinterpretation!
Why is GOP fighting so hard to deflect any independent investigation? Ignoring voters. How deep to Russian ties go?
@realDonaldTrump stooge of @GOP! He's their distraction as they secretly pass harmful legislation. It's not Trump, it's the GOP!
perhaps it wasn't the election but more about how to hide stuff after
You're taking down your own party and you don't even know it, work with the president that's what you're supposed to do.
the whole regime has ties to Russia and they need to go.
Oh noooo! He actually met with someone from Russia?! The horror! Lmfao  HRC's uranium deal, A ok right? You folks are hilarious
and Russians hacked our government..You need to read what happened with the HRC uranium..Headlines r misleading
I've read it. How did Russians "hack our government" exactly? No one seems to be able to answer that.
oddly enough now if I want to find videos on trump I have to stream other agencies that played the video
apparently it's difficult for Trump Administration officials to remember anything
they are like men cheating on the wife...deny, deny deny until ur busted red handed
no you can bust he is busted they still believe him over what hesaid prior.
Don't persist. You were warned. You were given an explanation.
We need this whole treasonous crew out of OUR government!
they will never rest, we know the election was rigged because of Russia and for this reason they won't have any peace or rest.
...fauxcahontas, you still here? Go back to teepee....
Right!?!? A simple YES or No!!!
please do what is in your powers to impeach this man.

You TRIED to tell them. You and Coretta Scott King. But Mitch had to shut you up. They were warned.  #persist #WarrenWasRight
@MimiLeroch @SenWarren don't forget HRC..she too tried to warn Americans 
Yes. "About the 2016 election." He said no. Sure you don't have transcript. But, did the ambassador meet with any other senator?
so is," where are your 30,000 emails?"
YOU are a PROVEN liar Pocahontas! You stole education dollars meant for minorities for your own gain. A PROVEN THief as well!
Russia again? Seems to me the dems owe mitt Romney an apology ...
who needs to watch reality TV? It could never match the entertainment value of our current political system. Have at 'em Senator
This administration makes me sick.
And Sessions answered accurately. As a member of the SASC he did not discuss anything related to the election. But you know that.
when the Obama admin answers what was secret between Russian VP, Putin and Obama over an opened mic about Europe? Easy to answer
I did not have sexual relations with that country!  Lol
"oh, I thought you meant today..."
seems lies are pouring from all sides. Join the American people and push for term limits.
You are grasping for straws that do not exist, what about investing Hillary's donations from foreign countries? hmmmm?
Sen Warren, I realize it would be inappropriate for you to gloat right about now...So I'm gloating for you 
Me Too!!! I will gloat right there with you....haha.
@96decibelfreaks Senator, did you falsely claim Native American heritage to gain an unfair advantage at Harvard?  It's a simple q
thanks, but I'd prefer to hear directly from Liz.  We need transparency from both sides of the aisle, right?
go back to your fever dreams. #MAGA
And you back to your wet one.  Been through this, I am neither a Trump supporter nor Republican. UR better than this.
Hi @SenWarren, have you called for @clairecmc's resignation yet?
Claire McCaskill Says She Never Met with Russian Ambassador; Her Twitter Feed Says Otherwise http://bit.ly/2mx0O34  https://twitter.com/clairecmc/status/837272862432104448 …
Thank you for being a strong and consistent voice for the trump agenda resistance! #NEVERMYPRESIDENT!
that's not what the meeting was about.. he met with amb. As part of being st member of armed services.  Not about election
He funded his trip with campaign funds.
If Flynn was compromised can you tell me with a straight face that sessions is safeNot a prayer ! Show Jeff the door please
.@SenWarren He said no. "About the campaign" part matters.
He said that he himself had no contact. Read or listen to it, he is the one that brought himself into the it.
.@sayerplayer Wait there's a transcript?  And video? Man, I guess I should do some research. Thanks, buddy. @SenWarren is lying about the Q.
"I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians."
That was his response to Al Franken's question about the campaign having contact. Wasnt even asked about himself. Under oath
@Oolahmoon define "Russian"...
someone who's not from Ah - slow...
define "government"
define "connected"
(it's a tad funnier if you read those in your best bill clinton voice)
My Bubba voice is at the cleaners. Had to wing it with W.
I'm sorry Senator Warren, I am lost myself at this point
Yes it is. This is THE most corrupt Cabinet I think in US history. And to think they said all that crap about @HillaryClinton
She lied, and got cough, but IDC but her, if you lie to me get the f away from me, that's my new moto
Let me get this straight. You say she lied, and then she got some sort of cold and not sure I can even try deciphering the rest of your mess
Um witch tweet
It's a simple answer: "no" - no connections about the 2016 election. How daft are you anyways? Trying to distract, I think. #MAGA
He lied under oath. Then he denied he lied. Unsuitable to serve as U.S. Attorney General. He MUST GO! Period!
Lies destroy all but no excuses, if that what the people want, 51% he will leave
I wonder what the consequences of an honest answer would have been.
what about Loretta and Bill on Hillary,race riots fergerson, Police shot Dallas,Baltimore policemen charged.  Holder in trouble
Yes
No, there are words of more than one syllable in question. #ThatIdiotTrump & henchmen find that + truth to be way too difficult.
Breaking News: Kremlin Spokesman: Russian Ambassador Also Met with Clinton Campaign
as a senator I'm sure you have meet with Russian ambassadors too I heard the tapes and watched the video he answered the q.
You're all done, and you know it. What's it like having your world collapse?
E Warren and B Sanders are the true leaders of the Democratic party and the progressive movement. Keep up the good work.
Yeah, like Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Shumer
and dont nlame it on the Russians which is BS it is American officials doing this who are ANTI AMERICAN!!
so is, "have you had sex with that woman?" But, we see how that works
democrats sure have been..
Kick that old goober Sessions down the road like a rusty tin can over  the Mason-Dixon Line all the way to The Old South where he belongs.
Lock their Asses Up!!!!
okay.......Tonto. Oh, wait, that's right.....you're not Native American. #libtard. Long walk, short pier please!   's ass
Except that's not tge question he was asked, and you know it.
"about the 2016 election" Apparently A Hahvahd lawyer can't read.
That wasn't the question he was asked though!
this doesn't make Harvard look very smart for hiring u and ur constituents should get a refund
why do you ask? Anything you would like US to know about?
Sessions: "define election.", "define contact"., "define Russian", "define question", "define... they all need a barred up room.
Hey Liz, they r not going to B truthful.1 lies and all the others sware it to b the truth. I am so sickened by this, REALLY!!
You should be asking your friend #crookedHillary
Center warn you need to get over it and start doing your job for the tax payers because I'm getting tired of this
Exactly!
No I'll be puttin' the shot in Japan!
By the way I used to like you...but NOW YOU ARE A CORPORATE SHILL AND I AM NO LONGER A FAN...U drank the HRC koolaide.SHAME ON U
You are in a witch hunt!  He did have with Russian Emb. In his role as a Senator - not to discuss the election!  Stop deceiving!
recusal is not enough. Sessions must step down!
Funny how when danger is near, the memory is SOOOO CLEAR! He needs to roast. All shld be held accountable, theyre all grown ups!
so let's do something!!
Never seen a Whitehouse with such contraversy. Liars, perjurers, alternative facts? Hope they come crumbling down one by one
sessions said he was not in contact with the Russians at Senate  then turns around yesterday with press and said he didint recall
who cares?
I think your new name should be dizzy Lizzy your getting as batty as Nancy p
And he answered, "no". Get to work, Liz. No one is buying your garbage.
And he hadn't. You're a f*cking lying SOS
How about "Have you been in contact with anyone connected to the Russian government while working on the 2016 election."
Simple q, what nationality are you today? And Hillary won't give you the answer to this question
he told you "no" twice what part of no that people from Mass do not understand.  To big a word?
NO, liar, that was not question. Get a radio. Franken's EXACT FULL question has been aired over & over. Sessions "no" correct.
"about the 2016 election" he didn't discuss the election with anyone in the Russian government so he said NO. Very simple!
Hey Liz; that WAS NOT the question. Did you miss the actual question? Apparently
So ONE FINAL THING HOW IS THAT NATIVE AMERICAN PHONY ANSWER WORKING OUT FOR YOU NOW?  Be careful when you call the kettle "black"
It’s a simple question- is Donna throwing Hillary under the bus?
answer was no and he wasn't what part of that don't you get Pocahontas
No name call n please its just a strait forward question
Trump lied when he was taking the oath of office! We teach our children not lie, cheat, steel and treat ours like you want to be
#russophobe #russophobia #McCarthyism
I don't think so, but with all the lies, iam still lost on who is who most of the time iam sorry but iam so I don't think I have
read your own tweet. He answered the q: please move on. do your jobs Dems and Rep. Citizens are getting tired of this tit for Tat
Natives' simple?? Where the hell are you & @TheDemocrats ? #NoDAPL #standingrock Following graverobber #Schumer?
as a Trump sar he did not have any knowledge because that was the question not have you as a senator
What about this meeting? Is this where the Dems formulated plan of attack on Repubs? Would you like to comment?
so more craziness from the great elephant in the WH. At what point does the GOP finally throws in the towel.
Did you punish Hillary & Barack for making pay to play deals with foreign govs  Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch?
So buying Russian intelligence is ok .. I guess you can deal with Russia if you pay for it
So is, " are you a Native American?"
@GreatDismal naw. Ambassadors don't count
and he said no which was a truthful answer
Sessions is a bald face Liar. He a Republican and never can be trusted he must go
And The Simple Answer Is NO!
Please remember: government of the people by the people for the people, shall not perish from the earth.No matter how corrupt u r
I VOTED FOR TRUMP AND RUSSIA HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT!!!! #HesMyPresident #AmericaFirst #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
yes he lied simple
It sends a bad message to law abiding people when he can commit perjury and not get arrested.
More simple questions will u pay back $ u defrauded from Harvard U? Y did u campaign 4 Hilary, knowing she laundered $ through DNC?
Nope that is quoted wrong and he answered EXACTLY in the confines of the questioned posed to him. You are such a POS
H Correct answer no!
I was a Fan but now I am doing EVERYTHING I can to expose the HRC/Soros/Obama cabal who are in fact defying the constitution.
@upnorthrobyn Glad you are not going to Sit Down and Shut Up. You can Speak for the Woman of America. #VetsAgainstTrump #resist
you're such a hypocrite.  How does it feel to be truly evil?  I'm so ashamed you are an elected official.
Which part of you is Indian anyway?
@jongarysteele he said no.
and he gave a truthful answer.   Not your lies to get college money
it's simple fire him for perjury
answer: the communication I have had with Russia, as a sitting senator was not regarding the campaign. #truth
new question.  I thought Obama kicked all of the Russian diplomats out of the country.  Who invited Russian Amb. to SOTU address?
Q did
the answer is no dingbat
it's a simple q:  "r u part of the Cherokee tribe"  Y or N
Is this why McConnell was so hot to make you shut up?Maybe Mitchie has some explaining to do.He wants his agenda at any costs.
Have you asked @HillaryClinton the same question or are you simply toting the line as usual? #heal
Apparently your buddy Chuck Schumer was caught in pic cozying up to Putin.  You are all hypocrites.
@Rosie STFU pocahontas
FUCKIN TELL EM LIZ LEMON
thanks! Sessions said anyone who lies under oath must go! #dumpsessions Are we a country ruled by law? Or ruled by kleptocrats?
obviously, Norah, the latter.  #WeAreSoFucked.
Seems the answer is NO - but recusing himself shows his integrity vs. the questionable integrity of Lynch and Holder.....for sure
#WhiteHouseFullOfTraitors
sessions spoke in his capacity as a senator with a Russian diplomat. All on the up and up. You dems kill me...so desperate!
A simpler question might be, "Is there anyone in the administration was hasn't been in communication with the Russians?"
So, wait...the actual word used in thewas "about", not "during"? Then, "No", is probably a very truthful answer. #fakenews
it's a special part of my evening ritual to enjoy watching you unrevivable democrats dig your graves. we look at you and LOL 
Hope you asked Hillary this question because as it turns out she and the DNC actually paid Russians for a fake dossier to get Obama to use for fisa warrants to spy on Americans to insure she win and then she still lost. #Winning
don't let up on @Jeff Sessions! #resignjeffsessions
Why are we letting all this go on?  Trump won because of Hillary's terrible standing...Now look at where we are...Bernie2020
And Sen Franken's question was a "would you" (probably meaning IF you were AG). Sessions answered questions not asked.
Not that I no of, before this election I was messed up(still am a little) but no I don't believe so, other then them show n up for peanut
I'm from mass and I find Elizabeth Warren embarrassing
It's a simple q:  were you aware of the DNC rigging of the 2016 election by Hillary?
Why are you not more worried about the corruption that was exposed in the democratic party?  Or are you part of that too?
ummmm, no? Wait, what was the question? OH!! Russia! I thought you said Prussia!!!
Turns out that McCaskill did too..Did they talk about the 20% U>S> uranium that HRC gave to RUSSIA? HOw about the Panama Papers?
Do something!  Sessions perjured himself.
The Trump Administration have been Blown out of the Water & they gotta go!!
why u mad Liz?! You weren't upset when ur buddy Hill sold Uranium to Russia, u didn't care when she lied under oath bout emails!
@sacca hillarys emails. 30,000 of them
Routing an innocent man as you are is tyranny. Listen, you're out of line.
It's a simple ?: Have you been in contact with Russian Ambassador. McCaskill says NO. Lier McCaskill
When I see the price of Vodka drop dramatically, I'll know we have been duped. In the meantime, shut the hell up already.
@Michelea2z That wasn't even the question. Sessions volunteered that he'd had no contact with Russians.
@MatthewModine it's a simple question. Are you an Indian?
It's a simple question are you part Indian
@575haiku A.K.A. TRUMP GOES TO PRISON WHERE HE BELONGS!
http://ln.is/blogspot.com/GGy26 …
I forgive him, and if the truth is out and he did wrong with malace in his heart then yes, but please forgive him, we all mess up
As simple a question as... what is your ethnicity... on a job application...
He answered that question NO.  pull head out of butt put ur big girl panties in and start working for Americans NOT URSELF
right.  Simple answer was no.
Why stop at the 16 election? Wouldn't you want to know anyone in gov. talking to the Russians? Like Claire Mccaskill? She lied 2.
Obama set up one of the meetings. It had nothing to do with election.
the only thing transparent about this admin is their lying.
need to ask without specifying what convo was about.
It was in English, right? 
