@mjr1114 @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes It is not truth that matters, but victory. Adolf Hitler. Trump want to win all!
Because #Trump was/is a predator...in more ways than just financial...ask women....
senile old woman like you or Hillary take your dimension medicine and go home
"dimension medicine"? Why are Trumptards so damned illiterate and ignorant?
Sounds like you need some of it!
Put a sock in it you old bag go home and bake some cookies with hillary.Your're made for each other
He's in bed with Wall St. the very group he told his dummies he would give the boot. Shameful Liar.
@DrMichelleFried @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Pocahontas shut up
Were you a financial predator when you bought that senile old woman's house for dirt cheap?
YOU helped #CorruptHillary Knowing her crimes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOHqLScuz-4 …
.@SenWarren @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump Seem to recall it was Obama w/your blessing who gave $BNS in TARP funds to "financial predators"
He is adding to the swamp.
about 5% of The populace support such actions.
lol luv it impeach Trump Man I wanted to do that to Obama never happened

Hey, can you ask Hillary where the 6 billion $$ are? I'll wait...

Uh we found that out 8 years ago. Where have ya been, Maggie?
I've found most of them where lost at the mall 4 8 years.
NOT TRUE FAKE NEWS HE IS ALREADY RICH;
Ha Ha. Democrats in Wall Street's pocket. Krugman all for housing disaster & wrong about stk mkt.
YOU mean like Clinton, Bush and Obama ????
Populist sale pitch only. He delivers to Wall Street.
Instead of draining the swamp, Trump has brought the creators of the swamp into the White House.
they were already there!Obomber was their best buddy! #DTS #KeepPromises
Please find a balanced reputable news source! Your facts couldn't be more wrong.#truth
Have any info on how I can buy foreclosed houses? I hear you're pretty good at it.
If his voters could read they would be outraged. He is filling the swamp with Goldman crooks. SAD
Yeah right let's talk about HRC ties to wall street.
not anyway worse than the political predators like you that waste the money of hard working Americans on give away a
- Every criticism implies a standard, Lizzie. What are yours?
Technically, you're the predator when it comes to financial firms.
I am so disappointed you were not Dem presidential candidate in 2016. Hillary was so flawed.
which bank did you have your undisclosed 1.5 mil with btw?
Agreed.
Failure rate for Amway IBO's=99%
this is why DT didn't win this election fair...it took MONEY for his cabinet pics too
stop talking you are ridiculous
Democrats more concerned about vetting the President's nominees rather than the refugees or Muslims from terrorist countries.
He also said that the internet would go away after 2005! Yet you're BOTH still using it !! LOL #KrugmanIsADummy !!!
Slick Lizzy is at it again, she wants everyone's money to fund her socialist party.
/ the whole systems are being broken by the President and his billionaires friends .
How did that DeVos vote grab you? #MAGA #Charterschools
nothing like Obomber's trillion $ giveaways to bailout bankers who caused '08 crisis!#DTS #YouFirst
The biggest financial predator is the government.
Populist Party started in the 1880s for farmers & were left leaning. History is so abused.
stop crying and start working for the people.. we are getting tired of your bs!
now this?!
"The House just moved toward eliminating the agency that protects elections from hacking" https://thinkprogress.org/house-eliminate-eac-6317e6889258 …
Trump is simply incapable of telling the truth or accepting reality.
Hello Elizabeth Warren.
We are in this too because Democrats sat on their ass, and  didn't have a UNITED MESSAGE.
Don't blame #FakeNews

U appear to have outstanding ur welcome
@Patriot_MM @SenWarren @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes this is wonderful
My two favorite words today "School Choice" @SenWarren.
Congrats DeVos!
Thank you @realDonaldTrump!
THANK YOU FOR ALWAYS FIGHTING FOR THE RIGHTS OF AMERICANS
Trump's new admin is all about taking the US citizens money, #Resistance
#PrestRump selling out those who voted for him - LIAR
, what's your net worth ? Why so much on wealth with your piss ant salary? #corrupt !!!
, my stock portfolio is up -14 percent. We don't get insider training like yourself ?
Pocahontas, you and Krugman. 2 morons standing around looking at each other thinking the other is great. #doofus
@berniecrats1 6 digit Golf club memberships for sale at some of his new Golf courses!  Very nice!
why did you vote for Ben Carson?
trump will be seen in history as the biggest fraud perpetrated on the u.s.
Really? Is your hair on fire about everything? PK suffers from a shorty complex?
Elizabeth Warren needs psychiatric help. I wonder if the country can help her get[help, So sad.
Drain the swamp just turned into Drain the Fed.
TRUMP to declare a new nation holiday in honor of BERNIE MADOLF
the d3mocrats in Congress are really terrible.  The Republican always roll over them.
Senator, will you please kick your colleagues in the backsides and get the madman out.
It seems you're the elites and we're ordinary people. What a joke. You clowns have no idea
Stay on this, Sen Warren. I'll even send you a spiked collar. We need a pitbull on WS bnks
the problem with u warren is nobody believes you, do u mean anything you say? dishonest
Keep the pressure on, Senator. We will not be silenced.
like Bill & Hillary?
False. Wall Street wants to keep #DoddFrank (and its regulatory moat) in place. Our plan provides relief to Main Street.
you sold hard working Americans to corporations and cheap labor. Fix that and you fix ills
when u gonna figure out its about jobs?  Walmart pay, construction jobs lost....hello?!?!?
it's more interesting how bad the past eight years have been. Sock market up 300% stupid s
@Marv_Vien @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Keep doing what you're doing Sen Warren, we are watching. 
Thatś my senator and we love her.
Thank you Sen Warren for the fight!
U are radio silent on obama bailout of blackstone, yuck. Careers NOT jobs.  @SenWarren @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
I'm shocked you can dress yourself in the morning.
ow can our representatives allow this?
The government hates the competition...Warren & Krugman, advocates for trial bar & bureaucrats.
Actually his use of "populist" was an "alternative description."
COMCAST your in their pocket
What are you and democrats doing to make sure Devos is not appointed?  She's horribly unqualified, and everyone knows this.

Trump continues to walk, no, run us backwards!
this is the REAL agenda. It's not about terrorism, he needed to divert the attention
GRATEFUL for your unwavering commitment.
dodd frank helped institutional lenders, you know the ones you stupidly preach against.
imposed training reqs/laws on small brokerages that Wall St. didn't conform to.
why is homeownership at a new low? DF laws restricted access to $ 4 low income borrowers
#UnfitToLead #impeachTrumpNow
PLEASE RETIRE.
@seanhannity Senator here  under your watch I reported to you & nothing.
you lose all credibility saying Krugman was right,enough said
Thank Senator Warren- keep up the resistance #impeachTrumpnow
very appreciative of all your work. Next President. You have my vote
Dems have always had a "sit down and shut up attitude for Reps" time for you to shut up!
"#financialpredictors" That's a good one. Way to think outside the box, #lyingliz. #hack
so you can make a name for yourself to run for president nobody's going to vote for a
everybody knows if you are senile and you don't care about your constituent
Next thing you know we'll have Dem Senators supporting Ben Carson for HUD
what did people really think he would do. The only populist was Bernie, Clinton was a good center choice.
Constitution Says the President has the POWER to PROTECT All Americans.  We Have ONE Constitution or  We do not Have PAY TAXs
Sen Warren I count on your leadership 2 stop the furry that POTUS will unleash on Middle Class America!
True That
With ideas as good as yours, dems will control everything. oh wait.. y'all lost everything
You know who's financial plan was populist Bernie Sanders too bad you had nothing to say then.
Leave Bernie out of this! He's trying to enjoy quiet time at his multi million dollar beach house, courtesy DNC
Isn't it #DEPLORABLE  that the #DEPLORABLES don't DEPLORE the #potus' #DEPLORABLEBEHAVIOR?
troll with six followers  I hope you get the mental health help you need now crawl back under your rock
LOL I THINK I TOUCHED A SENSITIVE SPOT IN YOUR #DEPLORABLESOCALLEDMIND LOL
- You go Senator! Please run for POTUS in 2020!
Senator How about this Financial Predator Fun & Games under your watch.
Idk why trump would want to eliminate consumer protection except personal gain
@marcylauren @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Hey trumpies all your money is going to wall st buddies of trump happy now?
has a track record of never being right @realDonaldTrump @nytimes
Stop using obscure language like #fiduciaryrule  Call it what it is #HonestBrokerRule - win hearts & minds
where was this outrage when @BarackObama bailed out Wall Street?!?!?!
you mean the wall st. Bush created by giving his banker buds free
Don't you have a friend on the other side of the aisle you can pursued in DeVos?  Pleeeeaase? 
*persuade. Not appropriate for me to misspell a word when speaking of Devos.
Senator, thank you and your democrat colleagues for finally moving on Devos and Sessions
Goofy Warren
Senator, why were the Clinton's forced to close the Clinton Global Initiative after losing
what does that have to do with you or anybody campaign is over
it proves beyond a doubt that every Hillary supporter has zero judgement
educste me christian, do you support a man who raped a 13year old ??
Fivr children from three different wives .Christian values?
Hey Goofy Elizabeth. How are your poll numbers looking these days. Answer they suck!
she is the Senator from Mass not Florida.  What her poll numbers are don't concern you.  I'm guessing are a rush disciple
Wow Goofy Elizabeth's poll numbers hit a hot spot @SenWarren  will lost to either @gehrig38 or @MittRomney both beat her easy!
gehrig 38  is a complete idiot who stole millions from the state of Rhode Island.
Lizzy nice picture of you. See what happens to your image when you tweet Crap
you are an egg head troll with 17 followers  back under the rock nobody cares what you think
The good people of Massachusetts r already sick of you #OneTermWarren You're gone in 2018.
of course,it has been nearly 8 years since 2008.Why hasn't Congress made a fiduciary rule? Or put back GlassStegall?
Sen Warren, sadly we now live in a capitalist society where profit and science now replaces god
NO to Devos, Sessions
But it's OK for you to sell your opinion to the teacher's unions?? #ConfirmDeVos
his supporters will figure it out when they loose their homes.
when a humans body is this full of corruption it usually dies...
You are confusing the truth with the story. Trump is selling FUD.
I pulled my money out.  I'm not losing to these greedy criminals.
时殷弘说，不同中国国家主席通话，特朗普是“故意怠慢”中国领导人。特朗普就职以来和澳大利亚、加拿大、俄罗斯、日本、德国、法国、以色列、印度、墨西哥、阿联酋、沙特阿拉伯、韩国等国家领导人通电话，并和英国首相特雷莎·梅会面。
the same predators that finance your party. Many thieves, one party: the wall st party
Your a Nut Case
Love you Senator Warren, #keep America informed again!
Nothing populist about his policy. Fake, Alternative POTUS . THANKS for your hard work Liz
E KNOW WHO THE REAL FINANCIAL PREDATOR IS GEORGE SOROS
oh God, Krugman is a communist crack pot
HYPOCRITE Warren. Lives in huge mansion and criticizes others
You live in a 5 million dollar home and have a net worth over 10 million, you are part of the elite
If haven't seen 1 EO or Cabinet pick of or for the working class. Everything goes to 1%!
Trump's fascist, corrupt, admin. along with Repugnican controlled Congress, is paving the way for
corporate crime and assault on our laws, while his clueless, ignorant supporters think he's great!
your the predator liz
Thank you for protecting us.
agreed @realDonaldTrump is a fraud and will do more harm to this country than any terror group #TrumpNotFitToServe
As I always suspected with that rhetoric, it was all smoke and mirrors!
So if your Congress was not so dysfunctional, then maybe you could do something . Force Change!!
Do you do anything besides complain?
Trump is such a moron.  He talks populism, then sides with financially powerful. Unlike Sen Warren!
.@SenWarren @paulkrugman @realDonaldTrump Warren in MELTDOWN..LIES & EXTREME PROPAGANDA..Liberals cannot handle their irrelevance!
was never a populist. Check out his record b4 he ran for president. he was just an expert conman.@KellyannePolls
again his supporters don't care, there focus is to wreak havoc
could you start holding rallies around the country for people who believe in a different way for the USA?
Why did Obama and Holder prosecute NO ONE?  In the S&L crisis people went to jail, Obama let them pay record bonuses
helping his billionaire buddies, not ordinary people.  Sad.
A new golden age for working people is right around the corner! ;-)
was unaware @POTUS has contributed to you!
Elizabeth you are going to be voted out I predict at the end of your term!
