When the unthinkable happens, we rely on each other for help. The victims of Hurricane #Harvey – good, hardworking people – need us now.
For updates, safety info & ways to help Hurricane #Harvey victims, go to the @RedCross gulf coast website: http://www.redcross.org/local/texas/gulf-coast/disaster-response …
ELIZABETH WARREN YOU MEAN THE FORMER DNC CHAIR WHO ADMITTED TO INFLUENCING ELECTIONS IN HILLARY'S FAVOR NOT RUSSIANS.AND WARREN HAD 2 RESIGN
Is that where you morphed into an Indian?  What are you now?  A Mexican??
Are your tribal leaders safe. Have you smoked the peace pipe with them to arrange a way to keep their casinos open?
Not even trying to hide your hateful thoughts anymore. I can't imagine being so full of hate. Life is too short for that.
There's difference between hate and discontent. Most democratic show hate most Republicans show discontent. Those were big hearts don't lie

Affirmative action...pocahontas?
Well fake Indian, Trump put 1 million up of his personal money and he don't, didn't, and never will live their. So if you love it so much
@SenWarren Can you come instead of @POTUS??
She won't do anything @beaubraddock.  She is useless.  She's all talk but no action
You gonna let Trump grab your pussy?
My mom isn't on Twitter. And I have more than that. Unlike you I'm selective in who I hang around with.
I have more than one account. Now go hang out with the other Trump idiots.
Trump says Texas is better now and he no longer talks about what he doesn't think about. Think about that when you think of the donald...
maybe you could donate? Time!
"Those who can do, whose who can't teach." You are a lie Liz
Finally, Senator Warren you can consider something else besides wasting valuable legal skills Trump bashing. signed by an Austinite Veteran
Thought you lived on s reservation
Uncalled for and undeserved. Luckily @SenWarren knows this comment reflects more on your character than it does on hers.
@SenWarren has to character or integrity so your statement would be false
She has none
Was it on an Indian reservation?
Smart ass!
You taught my aunt at @UHLAW! Please talk sense into the Senate GOP!
She has no sense so how is that possible
Was that back when you were just a squaw?   Does the Chief know that you left the tribe?  Give us your opinion as a trans-native american...
@MonkeySnark aren't you just ignorant as $@&$
She will never survive off the reservation if she can't take constructive criticism...
Wow. Racist much?
AMEN SENATOR WARREN!! THE WHOLE COUNTRY IS BEHIND YOU!!
And now look at you, disgusting .
I'm your fan but I have to say making this tragedy be a way to promote yourself isn't working for me. Tell your staff who no doubt wrote it
We're staying strong here in H-Town
Praying for my beloved Houston.  Lived there 12 yrs.   now in Austin.  Please stay safe
It's hard being away from there and not able to do anything. My heart is still there, too.
Well my whole body is here. And to put it succinctly it sucks. But thanks for your thoughts
Well, I hope you're at least safe. It's going to be a very long recovery. It's just shocking. I can't even think of a word succinct enough.
I really appreciate your caring thoughts. Funny thing about Houston we seem to pull together really well in times like this
Please Elizabeth nobody want to hear about your petty little life.#ElizabethWarrenShutYourMouth
Send them some money.  You're a 1 percenter you got it.  How about matching the president's contribution from your personal account
Your heart sick ,get a grip,it's a natural disaster shit happens why aren't you heart sick about shootings car deaths and child abuse
Words only.  All socialists care about are keeping the people apart and striking your lame agenda.
Your persona is overly agitated and will wear thin as a candidate for POTUS. Calm down and make your good points better.
Our President will be there Tuesday.  
It's not about you.
No it's about ppl suffering and Trump tweeting about his upcoming rallies! #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Seth Rich suffered when he was murdered by corrupt Democrats.
Liar. You are a liar. Just like Trump!

Pretending you have a heart. Lol.
Trumps bone spurs have a bigger heart right?
Probably about the same. Anti war and pro transparency people aren't given a candidate to vote for.
So we should be pro war? Like it's a good thing?
Lol. No. We should be antiwar and pro transparency. Duh.

It was my home base for 15 yrs. I lived in Hitchcock & Santa Fe. I haven't heard about Hwy 6 people.Thoughts and prayers. #HurricaneHarvey
I still go regularly to Houston. Have friends seeing if they need to get out and need a place to stay.
That's a sweet story. Is that where your tribe is from? Did you get that job too by lying about your heritage? #fakeindian
What the hell w the Gov of Texas. Should have evacuated.  Another Katrina. Call it like it is.
Does the government need to tell you how to wipe your ass also!!
Sad none of her Tx neighborhood character rubbed off on her.
Is she lying?
Why would you shun anyone's compassion? Sad!
Because we know it's all political. She couldn't care less about Houston or Texans.
No assumptions here. Just facts.
Trump said he saw the disaster firsthand?
As a former Houston Texan what will you do personally  to ensure that  financial need is provided to these victims? Nothing stopping you
Was it on an Indian reservation?
Im sure Texan and Texans from across the state are glad to be rid of you, "Pocahontas"
Do something tangible for a change.stop your bull and Donate a few Bucks
Yep you hit the president here no gratitude for someone that's making sure that they're going to get what they need  ungrateful people
You really have to talk about yourself
Who cares if you lived in Texas?
We won't hold that against Texas.
Why don't you bragg a little about yourself , Lizzi
Why don't you go there and help and stop the mouth flapping. The Presidents there and he doesn't even take a pay. Your a hypocrite.
What reservation?
If you are qualified to teach law you should know your leftist agenda is against the very core of what the USA is about.
Thamk you for still persisting..resist
I wonder how many more people believe in climate change today?

I heard they need all the boats people can get. You should get a move on to assist...
Really? I thought you grew up in a tee-pee
Probably should have stayed! Our country would be served better than where you are in congress!
You don't have a heart or soul.
Maybe you can go back to Houston and walk on water! @FoxNews @OANN
Was this around the time when you started lying about your ancestry to advance your career?
As i said you've got to have a heart to be heartsick, Pocahontas
which reservation were you staying on?
Is that also where you discovered your Native American heritage?
Well that certainly helps
Don't you ever shut up?#stupid comments!
DO YOU HAVE A HEART.....NOPE.
Why don't you volunteer down there & get your hands dirty? Or tweet a pic of a DONATION to help your fellow AMERICANS? Giv pay check!
@LarryWilson Maybe now more RePubs will be open to discussing climate change solutions & preparation.
naa i doubt it
#Trump will go there say it is #FakeNews
Did you take that DNA test yet ?
Did you call the tribes to ask for help
How many times had you checked the Native American Box? and took benefits you did not deserve at 19? Shame!
So she taught Law before she became a Lawyer??????
I'm sorry..I hope your tribe is OK.. Have you spoken to Chief yet?
Thanks senator Warren. I am praying for all of Houston and all affected. May God bless them and may all who are not directly affected help
Must have been to a lot of pow-wows there.
Did you live on the reservation?
Good go back there ,nasty Kady who speaks I'll of our great leader Donald Trump .
What is your state during to help? I bet nothing
Then you know Texans are tough. Sometimes misguided, but tough
Sorry Texas.  I am not allow to donate my money to relief...because of Trump Followers....God cursed them.
I have family in Houston Tx. Please pray for all the people that have lost everything. Time to help one another
Elizabeth, from Houston, we thank you and appreciate your service to our country.
You are a fraud and soon will be exposed for what you've done
Looks like Houston's lose is the countries downfall.
Cool. Let's try not to make it all about you, though.
How do you make this about you? 
I didn't vote for him!! I've lived in Texas all my life!!
Thank you from Houston, @senwarren!
We good.
This should be easy for the National Guard.  If is not,  one would think you would be knocking the governor 's door down.  Just saying
Was this before or after you became a Native American?
Then lied about your ethnicity @SenWarren to get out of Texas for an opportunity to teach at #HarvardLawSchool #fauxcohontas
Elizabeth, Which reservation was that? We all love to hear the history of Native Americans.
last place you worked, right?
Thank you but we are glad you are north.
一F一
Did you teach your students how to lie to get a free education like you did? #FakeAssIndianWannabe
Stay strong.
We should all do what we can to help the affected in TX. You should start by admitting this is not about you.
...and how is this information helpful?
Back on the reservation?
This isn't the time to give your bio!
Then do something!
Well, I mean, she's not tweeting book recommendations to people who lost everything, but retweeting Red Cross & Fema links. So there's that.
Who gets helped by saying how heartsick you are and then rattling off a resume of your time there. Send the Red Cross a check & tweet that.
Not yet billing herself as a Native American at that time...
#EW: I doubt #Texas or #Houston are much like they were decades ago. It's become a Social & Political CESSPOOL during 25 yrs of @Gop Govs.
I wish you were our President at a time like this. We here in Houston need compassionate leaders like you & @SenSanders in this situation
Are you trying to help Texas or update your LinkedIn profile??

Please come back and be our senator.
Was that when you decided to pose as a Native American to "get at the front of the line?"
Aaah, and you think we care. #TermLimits.
I have a brother in law in Austin and another relative stranded in Houston. Praying for the best
Then do something sell something or give something. Dont just talk.
God bless the rescue workers
Yes, graduate of J Frank Dobie and Univ of Texas at Austin so sad for friends there
Lets make this about you!  Red is horrible on you, but it does suit you.
I'm sure there glad your no longer living there
should of stayed there

So we can expect to see you there helping our with the volunteer efforts or naw? 
Lol no you won't c her there
Thanks for the life story.
Did you lie like rug to get that first job to
You should go back and drink flood water
I've lived there for awhile. To see this great city go through this is heartbreaking. The citizens are what makes America great. Not Trump.
Please rescue us from the current President. Hurry

Now there's another reason to like you!
Lied about being indigenous....
Did you get that job because of your high cheekbones #Pocahontas
@Leticia17922167 criticize her-1st info.fm. DJT was about pardoning a sick, racist, sadistic Sheriff-he finally caught up huh....
God Bless and protect people in Texas from that desastre.
I'm heart sick too. You have the money do something constructive. Might make you feel better.
@Leticia17922167 Yes, I with many will be watching Trump.No one is shutting up-we know what DT says today depends on his tomorrow
To bad you weren't there for the hurricane.  Heart stricken all you know  is me, me, me.

Good for you
No one gives a shit.!!!!!!
Maybe it's time to join hands with the President and try to help Texans.  Sadly I don't think you are capable of doing this.
So, tell us about your divorce from that guy,,,
In watching volunteers helping, I'm reminded we are much more alike than we are different.
You didnt vote for trump but you believe in Pocahontas
Funny how you made devistation in Houston ALL ABOUT YOU. Typical politician. #shameonyou
Its all about you Senator
You are my rock and savior in the Senate! I know your efforts will rid us of this truly horrifying presidential nightmare!
My son is in a dorm right now at UH, hope all is good
Things are fine 
Texas is truly a great great state. This is a hard body blow. It will stagger but will fight back and end stronger.
Was that when you capitalize on the housing collapse & evicted elderly people?
Thanks for making this political Liz, just what we needed.
Resign from senate,go teach. You are nothing but a radical left wing extremist that divides the country. Useless!
Houston is where you started being a harlot at 17, say the whole truth.
Do teepee float?
We are in the middle of moving back to Houston & stranded in Ottawa waiting to see what happens. So anxious & worried for all friends there.
Hi Lynda I'm a reporter at CTV Ottawa.  I wondered if you could give me a call 613.407.7281? Thanks!
How bout just heart sick for Texas. Without your bio. Everything is about you.
Who give a shit about your past. How about doing something that helps this country. Pass healthcare, tax cuts, budget, and paying 4 the wall
Lieawatha the President already covered this days ago. You're late.
Is that where you lived with the Indians Elizabeth?
Thank you Senator for standing up for we the people! We appreciate the resistance to the evil empire!
So do Republicans want to reconsider their stance on climate change now?
I am so sorry Senator.  I just wish our idiot president was!!!!!!!
Well Liz at least you found a way to make the disaster about you, gold star.
The Hill should protect the right of people protect the safety of the lands protect the sustainable future of the nation. Today I go for the
hill for peace for solutions. @NancyPelosi @RepMaxineWaters @MichelleObama @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan @theresa_may
Yes, she's a UH Alumn! Makes me proud of my school. #HoustonStrong
Think back on those nice days n be nice to President, we love him and we could love you to
Oh hell no. Not my Tweet storm.
Texans are in crisis and you found a way to make it about you. Good job Pocahontas.
Is that where your part of an Indian tribe?
With all due respect, bragging isn't going to get Democrats more votes.
What? Have you been inside of a cave for the past year or so?
Imagine had HRC been president, screeching to Harvey back up you creep, while pandering monies for their foundation and siding with Turner!
And where you first identified as a indian.
Great now do something for America
