I feel sad and disappointed, and shaken, and this will likely kill me.  This is not the country I know and love.
Government mandated healthcare is forcing us to do something not everyone wants to do.
"I don't want to" vs. "I will die." These concerns are not equal and go think about your life choices.
I should have the right to decide on my own choices in life including wether or not i should have to pay for something for everyone else.
Really? So I should be able to opt out of paying our troops since I am against violence? There are costs to being a member of society.
Your taxes that you already pay in the thousands do that. We got along great before ACA. Are you for more taxes? ACA is a forced tax on poor
You got along great. Many (like me) had no access. Nothing creates more instability in a country than a lack of healthcare.
That's where you are wrong. This country was doing great before ACA. I know many people who got screwed when they had to start paying money
We need to take to the streets. General strike. Fuck soft activism.
A Day Without Douchebags march?
That happened on inauguration day when a few thousand trailer trash littered the National mall.
True.  There were not many liberal douchebags there.
You're gonna feel really silly when you're an adult.
Can't blame them. These are the same crackers that are in The Deliverance film and think so many useless coal mining jobs exist. #Merica
Useless coal mining.  Yeah.  That electricity thing is overrated.
There are cheaper, safer ways to generate electricity.
We went so many years with no gov healthcare. We need to be free of gov tyranny again.
#shredit
One can only hope then we can go to the free market like it should be because the federal health-care is not a good idea
The "free market" is what gave us insurance companies that got us into this mess in the 1st place. Profit over health.
Is that your argument, it's gotten worse bc of Obama care. My cereal tastes bad bc of Ocare. The roads feel bumpier bc of Ocare.
By the way, free market doesn't mean free or cheaper. All it means is that there are no external forces that can limit or encourage activity
Healthcare was really bad before Ocare, that was the catalyst for it to be created. I swear people forget history b4 8 years ago.
Make a new 'healthcare for all' plan and let him use it, whatever it takes. Publish it so all know it was democratic creation.
#SinglePayerHealthCare #SinglePayerNow
Parents of #CharlieGard probably wish they had anything but #singlepayer
Why? So they could have crippling debt and have the child dir anyways?

It is a terminal condition.  He can not live.
Thats not their decision 2 make. They arent God. There R cases of kids w/ the condition who defied odds & R living ex. of why they shld try
Liz has been in office to long.  She needs to go.
Oh you mean like "we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it" (Pelosi)  so yes Warren, apparently your party knows about no plan/clue
Where are you Baghdad?
Yey
what the h... Do you think the dem did to health care?
They are pathetic, Congress should have same healthcare as the citizens
But Trump plan is worse they need to fix Obamacare where it is cheaper and better
Looney tune show
@SenWarren - Drinking 6 redbulls an hour is harmful to tour health.

NO!!!!?
Miss Warren I'll vote against it if they need it I'm an average citizen I don't want anything destroyed unless they got replacements the GOP had nine years to do this and they still can't come up with a medical plan they don't like working bipartisan with Democrats
A

If Congress really cared about what the American people want they would give us the real solution to our healthcare problems! #SinglePayer
"Access to affordable and meaningful health coverage should be thought of not only as a human right, but a civil right." -Kamala Harris
Where is J Edgar Hoover to run fascist people from our shores. How did the communist even get in control.
You're the best @SenWarren but how do you keep composed honestly, you deal with stupidity daily. Hats off to you!
But remember Your  government destroyed Iraqi peapol and his cevilization in 2003 attack
This really scares me.  You should have seen all the tweets on Joy Ann Reid about losing jobs and rural hospital endangerment.
Warren is a leftist idiot
That must have taken you all day to come up with that insightful and articulate counterpoint. Go take a nap. Your 1 brain cell is exhausted.
That means I have one more than you
We're with you Elizibeth - all the way - whatever we have to do!
She's an idiot
Yeah, thanks for sitting out the primary, eventually leading to the Dem party putting forth Hillary who gave us Trump.  Way to go.
Sanders was never vetted, had zero chance, and we'll all be fine w/ allies who are actually distinguishable from Russian spam.
Bernie would have won.
Healthcare was destroyed with Obamacare. How you can't see that is beyond me. We need a single payer system.
Liz, you're too good for this godforsaken place. #PoliticalCrush #Love #Resist
#ElizabethWarrenforPresident
Why don't you help craft something together instead of just resisting
@arnettwill @SenateGOP wait wait wait, a bill no one has read, sounds Like Obamacare there #Pocahontas sorry #Fauxcahontas
I don't begin to understand how this is possible in a modern democracy.  Not knowing what you are voting for?  Madness.
The same madness that passed the ACA? Remember?
There were reviews in ACA, but not on this thing they want to pass
BS!  I watched the whole debate. Even on Christmas Eve.
All that proves is the Republicans try to work with Dems. And the opposite is not true. Critical thinking skills are very useful for voting
Todays vote allows Democrats to offer any amendments.
I have mad respect for you Elizabeth Warren. Thank you for all you have tried to do
Hoping that a NO vote prevails, we need to fix the system we have. Healthcare a human right. Not a get rich opportunity for Trump's cronies
I guess it will be yammered about because it was tied and deciding vote was pence
I am in the same position got sick and too young to retire, but ACA has worked for me and both side need to be bipartisan
You need a new dr if your referral took 5 months
Thank you Elizabeth for being something many of your male colleagues refuse to be and that's compassionate.Trump is a sad sad bully
You've lost your voice, no wait....you gave it away. You propping up HRC helped give us Trump, take a bow and get off the stage
Liz your Obamacare plan was designed to rip off the working people in this country & you claim it was good?
such good art
We need you!
News Flash. In case you haven't noticed, the ACA is destroying itself. Thanks Obama and Dems for destroying healthcare.
They suck. #resist
What health care? Are you freaking Kidding us? Fake Indian you do not scare us with your bullshit
I support Obamacare and would support a one payer system.
Crazy sad
Calm down, they voted to start DEBATING it. Not OK to even discuss healthcare now???
SO WHAT?? OBAMA ALREADY DESTROYED HEALTH CARE OR ARE YOU IN DENIAL? MOST DEMOCRATS ARE IN DENIAL OVER THE FACT THAT OBAMA CARE DIDN'T WORK
Sen Warren did you notice the indoctrination of something like Hitler youth rally last 2 days most all were white  this  is white nationlist
Yeah, bad GOP. Hey which GOP politician that chargers 400k for one college course? Does that destroy education? #youareanidiot
8 million people have ACA. Yet tens of millions are gonna die if it's repealed. #ridicilous
Hahahahahahahaha! What a looney tune moonbat! Only surpassed by @NancyPelosi & @MaxineWaters The sky is falling Chicken Little!
Most of the people that voted Trump are going to die now because of it...... like that sink in
Get government out of healthcare!
Nothing to destroy. Obama Care is a failed system already destroying healthcare. Get off the DNC talking points.
Good maybe now my f****** insurance premiums will go back down and I can actually afford the healthcare I have to have
Nutjob!! Cuckoo!!!
Horrible

Shit we have a health care system to destroy??? Can't be much to take it down...

Thank you I will call my senator so he get destroy the Obamacare nightmare
@Cgriffin3323 this is what I don't get, replace it with nothing wth
I like how Trump supports who depend on it are fine, just due to it no longer saYs ObAma.
8 GOP members voted it down yesterday. It's done! Trump needs to focus on another item in the list.
Would anyone of these rich old white men who wrote this new healthcare bill sign any thing without reading it first!?I sure as hell dont! So
Why should any of the senators who haven't seen this bill vote on it Shady shafty and I would fight it tooth and nail!Why are they hiding it


Democrats are kicking and screaming babies who only care about themselves
Everytime I see you I think of The Walking Dead I wonder why that is?
What a nut bag Warren is.
Lady you Insane 
What, actually, do you know about it, anyway? When did you become an expert on healthcare?
Lol
Lizzie it's gone already share your health Care with people
I am so ashamed of my government
Over reacting much?  Maybe
Absolute bullshit. How do you plan to help make health care affordable for middle class American citizens like me?
Please Senator Warren! Run For President!
Amend the hell out of it
I don't like either Obama care or Romney care, and trump wants to do away with it completely cause bother are nightmares.
May we see more Senators Stand For What Is Right. Be Strong - Do what is right. Listen to your conscience and know what your vote means.
what the actual fuck
Liz you do more tweeting than the President! Although you continue to say nothing of any value! Why don't you stop now!
Tell us how to fight an enemy that only hears their money train, no heart or soul, just robotic greed....HOW? THEY VOTED YES, despite CRIES!
WE DESPISE TRUMP AND THE GOP!! Writing, marching, faxing, calling does nothing. They are NOT listening!!! THEY do NOT represent the people!!
But that's just it, @SenateGOP doesnt care about the people or whats best for them  I hope their wallets are bountiful as they drown in hell
Agree
And there's absolutely NOTHING We The People can do about it. 
YES!!!!! Repeal & replace!!!
Maybe if the ACA covered everybody, it might be different. It's not a fair plan. I don't have coverage and I'm in my 60's.
Boycott all Wynn Resorts in the future. Bad facelift @SteveWynnCEO has been threatening @SenDeanHeller for days. Rich cheap Billionaire.
Warren for president. The world need this to happen.
Put up your solution! That is the only true solution stop arguing and come up with something to show them that we also have a plan
Democrats have no plan. That's why they have lost over 1000 sears in the last 8 years. Their plan was tha ACA and that is failing.
Preposterous scare tactics...
Voted 4 u to work for us even in the toughest circumstances. Flood the floor w/ammendments  previously Republican rejected healthcare bills
your party has already destroyed healthcare. STOP fighting and put the people first, not ur agenda #AmericaOverParty
@MikeCrapo @SenatorRisch @Raul_Labrador You're fucking over this single mom & her children. Repent! (Is that at your comprehension level?)
#widowsandorphans #leastofthese #thegreatphysician #matthew25 #openyourbible
I watched ur vid on mute u still ooze idiocy so sad
It makes sense to destroy something that factually doesn't work.
Congress should have the same healthcare options as their constituents.  Democrats started this by passing a 20,000+ page bill nobody read.
That's nice
Impeach trump
Please suggest single payer universal healthcare coverage for all as a replacement

HURRAY!  Pocahontas you are a millionaire elite liar.
Looks like they pushed you to the basement where you belong lock the doors

And now the former Republican is a hero, congratulations lady
Yay! Get to work and come up with one that works. Fewer mandates, open markets, tort reform!
thank God it has happened and the Democrats lose just a little more power which is good for me band America
Doctors hate Ocare and think the high deductible plans are awful. Most want single payer healthcare. Push for that instead.
No Specific plan until it's passed, sounds a lot like Obamacare back in '08
Actually they are destroying health insurance, not health care. Why are you lying to the American people?
You supported HRC, blood on your hands Superdelegates supported HRC before any votes cast in primaries Shame on YOU you don't care abt us
I'm not even American and I'm still bloody pissed at this bull
Tell me, Senator, as a tax paying citizen of mass when are you going to help people like me? My meds are 1k daily since failing methotrexate
Mass health has a two month backup. My unemployment won't go to through bc I'm on hold. Disability takes an attorney.
Like you said, the cuts @SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP are trying to pass are blood money.
You crack me up. Why don't you get everyone to repeat after you like you did at the airport that night? That was you at your best.
Good im tired of working 6 days a week so other people and programs that dont benefit me are not taking my money anymore.
It's nice to see some passion and emotion rather than the usual smug politician.
Go get 'em, EW!
hysteria
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!
Man, she's on the warpath, she should breakout her raindance for relief !!
.@SenWarren THANK YOU for fighting this fight! .@SenateGOP are a disappointment to USA! They are willing to let people DIE just to win.
@SenWarren Hi Pocahontas
Read the bill before you vote either way though
Instant of chanting the mob-think mantras, why not be the first on the Left to quote real facts and numbers?
How is this even legal? So irresponsible it's outrageous, my faith in our government has never been as low as it is now.
When you refuse to call the Republican party illegitimate, you are illegitimate. Yes, this is a benchmark. But for what? Make your move.
They're in control of all three branches of government. Unfortunately a body count may be our hope for reasoning. Blacks won't be counted.
Go get another job. A lot of Dems have jumped and r now Republicans.
GREAT NEWS
Too much whining. Our petitions are sent to people who do not care. Our govt. represents a criminal and sociopatic constituency. Not us.
Thanks for trying.
I have called written and marched. Now I will pray. Its a sad state of affaires when our own government will vote to let people die.
Any plan is better than the nightmare we have now. I pay more and get less , no thank you
Call senators now! The switchboard for the U.S. Senate is 202-224-3121.  Vote NO. ! Severe impact to low-income and children w/ disabilities
They should all be tried for treason and malicious malfeasance.
Obamacare is destruction and lies. next...
So irresponsible
@IronStache @SenateGOP she's amazing! Love my senator!!
You are so weird.  That is why you will lose.   People don't get you.   You're  toast head bobber.
Destroying it? Did Obamacare invent healthcare?
@richmaxwell @SenateGOP we don't need insurance we need health care. Health care for all because we are all equal.
Not know what your voting for? Say it isn't so! Funny, isn't that how Obamacare got voted in?Yes! Nancy Pelosi said can  read after durr...
The @SenateGOP is too compromised by a few of our wealthiest #Americans. So it is willing to take health care away from 22+Million of us.
It will b better then the lies...y0u can keep your Dr. what about that lie? HUH?
Let the repeal pass
How do you know, there's no plan
You should have stood behind @SenSanders   Maybe if you had, there would be no need for your urgency now.
They don't care about us. they care about 5 % wealthy billionaires.they divided us saying liberal is not American. Only rich Republican .
Welcome to reality. Greed and ignorance, as embodied in McConnell, win. Tax breaks for the wealthy matter more than health care for all.
It's truly SICKENING
An open and free market is the only way to drive healthcare costs down. Government mandated HC just costs everyone more.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people #10thAmendment
Please read the 10th Amendment. Healthcare is not your jurisdiction. #KeepGovernmentOutOfHealthcare
You lost...again.
As Obamacare already destroyed healthcare, I see no issue with what they're doing. Don't you have a DNA test to take? #Pocahontas
Hey Pocahontas Obamacare is collapsing on it own
McCain: "we don't hide behind walls, we burst through them." yes, Historically we have breached others' walls... cough cough
In 2018, for every Senator and Congressmen that choose to put American lives at risk, #GOVOTE! #VOTE these individuals out of office


Maxine Waters calls Tucker racist for asking how she got so rich on just a lawmaker's salary. 
What?..politicians who pass a bill and say Amsericans will find out what's in the bill AFTER we pass it? Gosh, I've never heard of that?!


Please don't give up!
You asked for debate, this starts the debate. What is the issue? Or will you just say everything the GOP does is evil?
You just don't like Trump
Please destroy it.  Please!!!!!
Until all citizens have equal access to the same quality healthcare, we will not have equal opportunity to pursue our goals and dreams.

It is already destroyed! Go fix it!
Just repeal #ObamaCare period. The middle class would like to be able to afford health insurance again. Thanks.
I agree!
Protest marches this weekend all over the country. Be there! :
Wrong. Too vote
Nobody's read it, just like how Obamacare got passed.
Yaaaaaay!!
I sincerely thought this was Maggie Gyllenhaal. I think she might not need to audition when they make a movie about AAAAAALL of this.
Abominable!
Senator, it seems that everyone is playing Russian Roulette and the gun is held to the head of the sick and poor. Damn the torpedoes!
Any chance Pocohantas can resign soon? 
To bad we can't destroy your fake job
You're a fraud. Just like your Dems did with Obamacare, most still haven't read it. My health ins had gone thru the roof because of you libs
let the killing begin......game of "thrones" now playing in Congress
