Ooh....stop it. You're scaring me into voting democrat.  Lol.
Freedom of religion like choosing who you bake a cake for? #democrat #hypocrisy
The only thing the GOP should own is complete extinction.
And yet it is the dem party facing extinction. Enjoy the implosion.
Bingo, add a few more -ism and Dem party will definitely drive thebus right off.. keep up the good work @SenSchumer and @SenWarren !!
Myself as a woman has all the rights men have, so what are you babbling about this time?
That's great, but we'll still have to suffer those slings and arrows, no matter who owns it.  
As will the illegals you want to bring into this country. You have no idea what the hell you speak of. Treason. Pale Face.
When Trump's impeached for treason everything has done should be declared null and void.
Impeached for what?? Can you answer that?
Of course she can't answer that, her comment has no truth or substance
You really had to be living under a rock to ask a question that ridiculous.
And yet you say nothing about antifa at UC Berkeley for bashing Freedom the speech
Term limits need to start with you, Fauxahontas!
And I promise we will not go down quietly.
This will need to be our takeaway for the midterms (if we still get to vote then):
It's official: every SINGLE Senate Republican cares more about 5-4 SCOTUS majority than potential Traitor in the Oval Office.#NuclearOption
Also it's time we start talking our own nuclear options.
I'm packing up & ready to push a May 1 march on Washington. They are not listening to us. Let's break their economy & demand representation.
Why don't you just LEAVE THE COUNTRY? Move to Europe or Canada or better yet MEXICO. Take all your "intelligence" and make them great. 
Just going to mute since your comrades have already provided ample momsplaination on this thread. Is that the new flag of Trumpfuckistan?

Yeah but you know how we are about the Constitution, its safe with us unlike Barry the hater
Just like you own every attack like this > http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/04/18/police-crazed-man-yelled-allahu-akbar-targeted-whites-deadly-shooting-rampage …
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE SOMETHING POSITIVE TO SAY. YOU ARE JUST IN THE WAY STEP ASIDE
Funny how you never fight for men's rights!
Matthew 9:13
But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy and not sacrifice.’ For I did not come to call the [1/2]

Like the Dems own the damage they have done to our country for the past 8 years??
The Dem party has no shortage of delusional psychopaths!
Dems are becoming more and more like the party of delusional psychopaths
At this point, I just want to make sure they own TRUMP
You're a hypocrite and a liar and it's typical damn libtard you need to resign as you have done your constituents a disservice
By propping up the last corporatist loser and you failing to endorse a true progressive? How does your history accomplish that?
they want to own it-set the country back 50 yrs.-impose their racist beliefs. Some dk they are middle class- Republicans making <$100k yr
We'll gladly own it! Much better than a court stacked with far left kooks like you hag!
They don't f*cking care. This is absolutely their dream come true. Shockingly horrible people.
Are you paying your female n male staff members equitably? Take a look at your payroll.
Enough with your LIES.  Sick of hearing LGBT already. That's all you DEMS know. Dems have to OWN for taking away Democracy! Corruption!
And those things are what ole Neil will fight for, unlike the lobs on the court now.
Except that it was the #Obama_White_House that paid female employees less, than male employees doing the same job.
Last time I checked #Obama was #not a republican.
You're just mad bc Progressives didn't get the 5-4 vote to destroy the rest of the constitution.
it will be a glorious day when you're voted out of office, you lunatic.
What an idiot!  Thank you for what you do, you guarantee the Dems will never be in power again .
Like you stand for women? You stood with the woman who accepts $ from the Saudis. How hypocritical are you? Make up your mind. #flipflopper
Shut up Pocahontas. You will be voted out. People sick of u dems. #liar#fakeindian#woowoowoo
Shut up, Warren.
Maybe now with a conservative court balanced we can finally pass SHOW ID TO VOTE LAW supported by SC insuring only American citizens vote.
This coming from the woman who pays women on her staff less than male staffers. Hypocrite
Elizabeth. They don't care. They don't care at all. They would rather watch the world burn.
Because women need to continue to fight for rights they already have?. Someone needs to get a grip
I doubt that will be seen as a negative by them.
If you weren't such an obnoxious, loud-mouthed little gnat, you'd be comical. #fearmonger #liar #hypocrite #loser
Whine, squawk, caterwaul. #lyingfearmonger #hypocrite #Loser
See how a leader with a team of experienced, intelligent adults performs instead of community organizer and a group of sycophants?
No one is talking about repealing/reversing anything but Dems who want to create fear so they can return to power. #lyinghypocrite
Soon it'll be 6-4. #thanksHarry
Just as you have town the job-killing, illegally-funded Obamacare debacle. #hypocrite
Just as you have to own the refugee crisis, ISIS, rise of terror in Europe and at home, illegal crime.
Just as you have to own the collapse of O'care w/ its skyrocketing premiums, millions of working, tax-paying Americans who lost coverage.
Just wait until Trump gets to nominate another justice.. .maybe 2
How convenient that you didn't mention pay equality.  Is that because you pay your female staffers 29 cents less a hour than a man staffer?
You've hit 5 for 5 @SenWarren all the things that Trump is FOR. Quit fear mongering, you are unhinged.
I asked my wife what rights she wants back, she said not sure what them crazy bitches are talking about. There ya go. ..
That is such a crock. You advocate to KILL BABIES! Who cares from that point forward what you think. You think woman are only factories.SICK
How much are you paying your women these days?
Wait til @POTUS puts another honest conservative @Scotus judge on squaw
And the sky is falling on #SenFakahantas. Give it up. YOU are not relevant!
And we're fine with that, Pocahontas.
Hey Panderhontas, get a real job.
Stop repeating yourself.
Freedom of speech and religion. That's rich coming from the Dems.
When are you going to pay the women that work for you the same as their male counterparts?  #Lieawatha
The only side against freedom of speech & religion is yours fauxcahontas. And soon it will 6-3 then 7-2, Whoop Whoop!
SCOTUS ONLY loyalty should be to the Constitution!  SCOTUS should have never been politicized by anyone.  Lady Justice should be blind!
Democrats are destroying free speech. It's dead in CA. It was murdered by Dem politicians who ordered police to stand down vs leftist mobs.
Please stop pretending you care about ANY of those issues or that you speak for women.
Best Election Ever!
I wear dresses daily in public In Pence's Home Town No one is attacking LGBT Rights in the GOP .
shame on u your president n his cabinet killed americans shame on u all
Past your bedtime ... nighty night ... turn off twitter ... go to sleep ...
We will...
What are u smoking, Pocahontas?
Get real
He is not attacking any of those things. You are drinking from strange toilets. Again.
Let hope the great constitution of US is preserved for all Americans as written and not new laws legislatived from the bench
Dear Senator, shouldn't you work on paying your female staffers as much as you pay your male staffers before you start criticizing others?
Own them. We REVEL in the protection of the unborn.
All that the #GOP destroys will have to be rebuilt after they are gone. Can the unwealthy ever rule in #America?
We'd like to thank Chief Spitting Bull for continuing the campaign. With her rhetoric we can expect even more #winning
I'm gay. Its all good. 
Not worried.
Thanks 
They don't attack human rights, stop the propaganda. GOP is a big tent and there is a sect of religious pro-life peeps that have rights too!
It's the left that holds down women, attacks freedom of speech and hurts the LGBT community. All will fare better under GOP rule.
What this brings back to memory - suffrage. You women complain and act like it is still going on.  Grow up. Take
Responsibility for yourself
So if we all have the same rights how is this comment valid? There is no meaning.
What an absolute crazy person.
But just think of all the unborn future women who won't be killed!!
Maybe you should practice what you preach & tell Socialist Bernie he owes us tax money.
There's been no attack at all but fake Indians aren't known for being truthful.
Ok Pocahontas￼
there are none of those you lyin' fake Indian.
Happy to own it, thanks.
Soon to be 6-3 babycakes 
Gladly !!
OH SHUT UP!
GOP is not attacking LGBT rights ETC! But DEMS ARE attacking Religion & Freedom of speech daily!
Hey works for me. Better than you liberals winning all the 5-4 calls. #GorsuchConfirmed
A #FreeAmerica owns the Right to have its Laws judged by the original intent of the #Constitution,not by some wannabe #Totalitaraians'
