The year is 2017, not 1917. Millions of Americans use contraception to prevent pregnancy, avoid STIs & manage health conditions.
Access to birth control is about freedom & the ability to plan & build a future. This attack on basic health care is wrong.
Pills: $20-50 per month
Condoms: $17.98 40-pack
If you're working, you can afford birth control.
What is wrong with you? If women want birth control, they can get it themselves.  Govt should not be in the birth control business.
Omg.. like my employer totally denied paying for MY condoms and I just don't know what to do.
Evidently you believe in bullying nuns all the way to the Supreme Court to force them to pay for abortifacients. 

// Mr. Trump's Attack //
It's to get women/girls out of universities and esp. the workforce to make room for males. Like earlier times. Even post WW2 women were booted out of the workforce when males returned. Males can be very greedy. "No girls allowed" acc. to the little shits.
Pathetic rube!
Apparenrly the Dems better deal is tearing down statues and calibrating protesting football players so theirs is superior.
they r not being denied, they just might have to pay for it.....
And the Liberals believe the single most important issue facing them is to get others to subsidize their damn sins.
You would think the sex behavior of GOP would want birth control .senators resigning , etc .oh wait .they have access .never mind
everyone has access to BC. You & others like you just want me to pay for it.  give me 5 valid logical reasons why I should.
Yes. Great thinking. Prevent women access to family planning so we can have more kids the GOP won't insure. Neat! Unborn>Alreadyborn
And you believe the single most issue is to force people of conscience to violate that conscience in furtherance of your political goals.
How about just asking them to treat people equally instead of forcing their morals on them.
Which they ARE, by not providing something that violates their conscience to anyone...  opposed to you, forcing them to follow your morals.
This decision is an attack made against all women. We must stand up to this insanity!
How exactly are they limiting access? No more Walgreens? No walmart? Be specific Fauxcohontas.
By limiting insurance coverage.  Not everyone can afford to pay for medicines out of pocket.

Update: Now the cost is $4 mth or $10 for 90 day. As of 9-2017 Thanks to research by @covfefe8yrs 
It’s really not about the cost. Like abortion, tuition & everything else, the Dems want to make contraception an entitlement (free).
Ultimate goal of far left is to reduce American births.  Second goal is votes.  Both enable control & the ideology of killing Nationalism.
Reduce American births while increasing number of dependent immigrants. That’s why they are so protective of illegal aliens and refugees.
Nobody is denied access. Tax payers are no longer forced to pay for contraceptives or abortafacients for other people’s sexual activities.
Stop lying. Every woman has access 2birth control just like me. I shouldn't have to pay for someone else's responsibility for birth control.
Do one’s denying anyone anything
#lieawatha Employers have not shut down any drug stores. Access remains the same. "Single most important" is a concept beyond your grasp...
Are the 21% of women who ACTUALLY REPORTED smoking before/during pregnancy the same women who COULD afford tabacco, but not birth control?
Love this...
Such a lie. Why is telling the truth so difficult for you? No one is denied anything. Go get your BC it’s $11 at Walgreens
They’re not denying access. It’s a free country. You can buy it. It’s cheap too.
The GOPutin-NeoNazi Party just can't allow others to enjoy what they can't -- the joy of sex with fellow human being.
Evidently AMERICANS the single most important issue facing our nation is the government adhering 2 the Constitution! BC is NOT a right in it
There's a big difference between "I'm not going to pay for your birth control" and "you can't have access to birth control." Grow up.
So, are you saying that women cannot persist themselves to their local drug store, and pay for it themselves?
#Hypocrisy
They aren’t being denied! They can pay for their own. It’s called being a grownup and paying your own way!
I'm so mad too! Who's gonna pay for my rubbers!? Well I guess I'll shoot for a hefty tax return instead 
You love to force people to do things they don’t want to do, dependence, control and power is what you and your socialist friends strive for
American Patriots loathe You and the Marxist agenda you stand for.  Please run for President representing the dead Democrat Party!
For the GOP that Is their most important issue! ALL the World and US Problems are Way down on their list! Or do they even have a list?
#trump #MAGA #SundayMorning 

How exactly is the employer DENYING birth control? 

Pay for your own lifestyle.
It has been their dream and to heck with what is good for our country or the women in it! So if they are in control they will have their control over our bodies, our lives, our babies and to heck with our votes too.
How so? Are they closing all the drug stores? Stop lying! They'll think your Hillary. @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @toddmr @RonD1954 @FedUp_amERICan @rockinrandall @SereDoc @ScotsFyre @theloftusparty @PolitiBunny @RadioHostRick
NOT business of govt, especially fed govt, to FORCE companies & ppl to pay 4 coverage of birth control. NO ONE is taking birth control away.
If YOU can't afford YOUR OWN condom, you probably shouldn't be having sex...U want "control of your body" after u can't control your body...
You're a bullshit artist, and all but your braindead lemmings know it. Me not buying you BC is not the same as you not being able to buy it.
Birth control is supposed to be free at Planned Parenthood. Oh but that's right all they do is cut up babies that's okay to you
Why don't you worry about educating people not to have kids out of wedlock. Educating to raise their own children
Mrs. Warren, why do I have to pay for birth control? Are you paying for my medical needs?
Um yeah. The gop hates women. This is not even news. Its their mission to keep women pregnant. Childcareless and earning 3/4th a salary.
It`s about time Pocahontas #Baby_Killers
They don't want us to have access to abortion services but also try to deny us of birth control. This is about controlling women's bodies.
'ACCESS'?? When did the GOP outlaw condoms bc pills and IUDs? You are SO dishonest. Can you EVER say anything true?
Not paying = denying access? This is breathtakingly disingenuous, Senator. You are better than this.
What's that?  I can't hear you
Remember #birthcontrol is also used to treat medical conditions such as painful #endometriosis so please help spread the word to stop this!
YOU ARE A LIAR. Lying just like you did about being a #NativeAmerican.

#LyingWarrenPocahontas

Nobody denied access! Cheap per month pills! Stop lying!
Because there’s not much else going  on...
As someone using birth control & employed by an institution who has been waiting for this day to come, I can't tell you how upset I am.
And then by pass them for promotions when they get pregnant and demoted when they can't come to work because they are home with a sick baby
This is so crazy. No logic to any of this.
You mean infanticide?
What ever happened to putting public safety (women's health care) over individual freedoms (1st Amendment)?
This is so pathetic!
Yeah @GOP are idiots! And bigots.
#HandsOffMyBC
"Deny access" a naked lie
Any response @RepGallagher ?
The GOP prefers to punish women for having sex. No birth control. No abortions. No support for women who can't afford a child. #resist
The government should not be in the birth control purchase business. Give up one trip to Starbucks and buy your own $9 BC. Cheapskate.
Then why is the government in the business of telling a woman that she can't have an abortion?
And birth control. All of a sudden it's just for promiscuous women like it's the 1950s!
doesn't strengthen your argument. At all.
Denying women access to birth control would force womento stay home with children. They would not be able to pay daycare. SUPPRESSION
then lets make it NON PRESCRIPTION and no more than $1 day.
Y r u libs so afraid of letting people have good wages & pay 4 their own healthcare, like they gave 4 decades? Because then u loose control!
Why should employers pay so their workers can go play? New meaning to your Democratic phrase 'pay to play'. They should NOT pay for bc.
I wish @senwarren parents had free birth control 69 years ago.
You & me and probably many other Americans also!
Evidently, @SenWarren believes it's ok to force companies to pay for something they don't strictly have to offer in the first place.
Not paying for their birth control isn't the same as denying them access.
It's a big difference between the two.
No woman is denied access just like years ago they go to the doctor they get a prescription they buy their birth control!
What the hell is birth control coverage? You people have completely lost it.
Women have a natural birth control
Your comment is evidently an indication of your critical thinking skills Senator. Be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
We wouldn’t have had this moron in power if the Democrats wouldn’t have sabotaged Bernie Sanders. Hillary Clinton is a joke!
Wow your nuts!!!
Are you delusional, Senator? Or just still in 3rd grade?
If they work for a religious organization then they should buy their contraceptives.  It is unbelievable that you are still a Senator.
We need to March now... IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH
Yeah, that's it
Evidently dems/Libs believe the hardest thing to do is to pay for birth control.
Stop with the #FakeNews nobody is denying birth control. Still widely available in several forms. You just have to pay for it yourself.
Dumb argument from a fraud of a person.
Maybe they just are tired of paying for it 
It’s part of the insurance plan they provide. The one employees pay into. The one that pays for prescriptions you use.
Definitely a consideration for future employees to consider when testing the job market then, if of course that is a high priority
Get your argument right! Paying for and access are two entirely different things. (If you don't buy my lunch, I still have access to food.)
Again, what about insurance companies paying for Viagra??
Leave it to a man to take away womens birth control. Women across this country need to withhold sex until trump admin takes this back!

It's astounding as a female to think a woman has the right to ask others to pay for HER birth control.  Ladies, #resist being subsidized.
Women please ask your state representatives to sue the Trump administration as Massachusetts is doing.  This needless action is taking away our rights to choose in our medical care. You can't take away birth control and try to repeal Roe v Wade in the same breath.
well lawsuits did work out well all those states suing Washington over DACA  And its going now! oops wrong side for you is it?
Birth control coverage lol that literally defines a condom. Bravo pocahontas!
Condoms don't help with migraines, acne, regulating cycles, alleviating PCOS symptoms, etc. Looks like reality doesn't fit YOUR narrative.
How does any one worried about abortion reduce access to contraceptives?
Seems silly doesn’t it.  As well as taking away healthcare for pregnant women and any help they might get after baby is born.
Senator. Make sure these facts are not forgotten by Perez when the elections come around. Dems need to get nasty. No more nice guys/gals.
It's best to be decent & honorable, but Dems are up against a party w/ no qualms of race baiting or trouncing women.
I agree. We were raised to be decent and honorable. It’s against our nature. They believe they own Christ and patriotism. Enough!!!!
I’m a fighter. I know you are. I’m done with the hypocrisy and holier than thou attitude. My friends call me Tender Warrior. I fight 4 good.
True that. Stand for something or fall for anything. I'm surrounded by rethugs or the apolitical w/ a few Dems in the mix--suburban life.
Me too, Jo. But they are low information folks that know better than to debate me.
I understand. Sorry for all the quips but I'm from the generation where if you're not part of the solution, you are part of the problem.
Me too. My parents believed in critical thinking. Born 1949. Tough Italian immigrants who expected common sense & hard work as foundation.
No Liz THE single most IMPT item is 2get ur sorry, self-serving, fraudulent, "do nothing 4MA. ass out of office. @DiehlForSenate
Good ole Dino. He knows what's really important to us. His personal vendettas
Name ONE THING @SenWarren has done to benefit MA.  
ONE THING
I'm waiting. 
Crickets!

@DiehlForSenate
Has done great job annoying me
If they can't understand it, then it must not be important.
What about grandma being thrown out of the nursing home?! No medicine, no nursing care, no hope for the future
What the Hell is going on in DC? Can't you people do anything to stop this assault on our Democracy? Cmon, let's go, do something!!!
The most important issue for the GOP. Nothing / nobody really matters. They want a win no matter who it hurts.
I bet they'll still cover Viagra &  the rest of ED drugs. Somebody  pls explain this. Absolutely ridiculous again.
Can't the lustful women sweet-talk their "friend with benefits" into paying for their contraception instead of dragooning their employer?
Why is it an employers financial responsibility to subsidize the sexual activities of female employees? Is it a lib talking point?
Nobody is denying anything. Why should I have to pay for it. You want contraception and abortion pay for it yourself!
Its not an employers responsibility
Why should anyone have to pay for anyone's sex life other than their own. Why is the government involved in contraception at all?
Single biggest problem is people acting but not being responsible. I budget for things I want, if you want birth control then save your $
did we build an invisible blockade in front of wal-mart
Its only employers that have religious objections.
Lie
They can have access to it, but why does it have to be paid by taxpayers let their partner buy condoms
If you, Liz Warren, are so concerned, why don't you pay for all your pals condoms?  Taxpayers should not be paying.  Let sluts buy their own
Buy your own birth control.
I want to see men's health care reduced every time they reduce women's! Start with viagra type meds!!!
Quit lying. Employers don't make those decisions. People paying for their own prescriptions means they still have access.
Actually, it's just a burro-cratic backwater of rule-making, nothing to do with most of the GOP. But you do divisive you.
No Elizabeth the GOP believes that I shouldn't have to be made to pay for any woman's birth control. Thanks. Try again
Senator you want to have birth control pay for it yourself. If you can play, you can pay!
Women have access to birth control still.  Stop being dishonest.
So women can’t pay for their own birth control?
You ever hear of condoms!  Can't wait to vote you out!
Angry face
How about your buddy Weinstein.   What about THAT ?????
Go away Lizzy
Liar, Want BC? Simply pay for it.
Liz u are as out of touch and disingenuous as HRC. Congrats!  That takes some work!
Doesnt it cost like $20 month?  Get a job.  Donate the thousands u make to teach 1 class and drive up tuition costs to low income women
No Lizzy, just pay their own way
Look at CA the corruption they don't want immigration because those that work on false social security cards and pay tax never get it back.
Quit talking. Be a senator and do something.
The GOP wants to take us back to barefoot, pregnant, and silent....Nevertheless She Persisted!
Native Americans never used birth control, so why are insisting people use it?
You are not an honest person, @SenWarren
Yep. Creepy. Allows employers to say "You work for me, your body is mine also. Esp if you're capable of getting pregnant."
War on women strong n the misogyny of the GOP. Not faith but power over.
They aren't being denied - they just have to go out and pay for it like all the other people that have to pay 4 this BS Obamacare
You're awesome,  you give me hope that you will strive for what is right rather than Rep' s vs Dem's.
The GOP claim to believe in God.  But, when it comes to helping people, they all do the opposite.  Hypocrites they are!
They can always pay for it themselves
Don’t have sex and we won’t have this problem.
Not denying access..stop the lies
There not denied. There offered a choice! They may or may not need it. You can afford things you don't need I suppose!
But they don't support the baby once it is born.
I love how GOP wants smaller gov't but inserts themselves right into my life. #overreach much?
The single most important thing to the GOP is to destroy anything related to President Obama
Bottle of wine - 17.99. Box of condoms - 5.99. Listening to your drivel - I need a puke bucket... For everything else their is the RNC!
why do you say    " single most important issue facing our nation"  ?  just because they enacted some legislation ?  you seem kinda myopic
And tax poor elderly and minorities more than rich white men
Well... at least they aren't sending us to war with North Korea.  Ugh.
There are a thousand issues to tackle. Just because you don't like his stance on some doesn't mean he's allocating energy inappropriately.
With a total population ratio of 0.97 for male(s)/female (2016 est.), why do males decide issues that impact female? We love to oppress!
Planned Parenthood provides free birth control with taxpayer dollars so let them go there.  End of story.
With you and your voters it you want Americans that work to give you liberals money so you don't have to work.  Lazy useless democrats.
Like football players should just play football and you should stay out of American’s business.  Gov has no place in our medical decisions!
And the dems believe the single most important issue is subsidized birth control
The single most important issue facing MA is voting you out of congress
Just wanted to drop a great big HOW your way on this Columbus Day.
Evidently you Dims believe women paying for inexpensive birth control is burdensome for the promiscuous! And somehow that's a rights issue?
Seems like women should just make wise choices first...women have access to birth control. It's called don't have unprotected sex unless you can deal with the consequences
Any woman or man can walk into a Walmart/drugstore and buy birth control any day of the week. #getajob
Denial to birth control = more teenage pregnancies. How is contraception a political issue ? No other nation is this caught up in OCP
It's truly a shame your Mother didn't use birth control.
No one denies. Taxpayers don't need to pay for it.
Stop all taxpayer funding on Planned Parenthood
PP is the Mother of ALL Abortion clinic's
No, women CAN pay for it themselves!!  REAL WOMEN DO!!  I did.
“Deny women access”

Isn’t it awesome how we’re now in an era when you can make an outrageous lie, everyone knows you’re lying and it’s OK.
It feels like women are under attack, not just their birth control.
You are so behind. Catch up or stay irrelevant
White male politicians only limit/regulate/control women-never do the same for men. Free to do whatever. WTH?!
Just use a fucking condom.
WRONG . WE WANT NO GOV FUNDING ON THIS or ABORTION.we the people  tired of footing the bill for those who will not work and get paid not to.
No one is denying acces, you liar!  Just be responsible and pay for it yourself!
.@Harvard will have a Mizzou type melt down of students/layoffs with this  stupid woman running off like this Free if you r poor, Cheap too
Hardly. The Dems seem obsessed though.
Are you going to also inform people that men have to pay it as well???
"it"? What is "it" that you say men have to pay?
Let's see if the government pays for birth control that means that everybody including men pay for birth control
Ok, I see, you're one of those people.
If you mean one of those people that don't like paying for everything for everybody correct!!!!
Knuckleheads.
