Watch & learn:
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Right because these veterans a spreading propaganda is what you’re saying? Help don’t troll. WWJD?
1/What your doing is you see a Senator call for help and you decided that’s worth trolling. And while people suffer you want the contrarian
2/Side. Because every natural disaster in  history we’ve paused for a contrarian side? When did Jesus ask a person about debt b4 helping?
Makes no sense. Watch & learn. WWJD?
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
1/Right... Jesus gave out fish & loads of bread then spent days on fishing lessons. And what you believe Puerto Rican’s are sitting down
2/And not helping? Think about how insane that is. Houston could evacuate by land, Puerto Rico can not. Our military can reach Island in
3/Less than 2hours. And no place on earth is to remote for our military. So pray, donate & stop blaming victims. Troll other issues not this
Yes you were implying some kind of scam, that’s victim blaming. And the mayor on TV for a 5 minute plea for help.  Here’s her leadership.
help us, we're dying.
Get off Twitter then and do something. Like distribute the food and water that is there
Shame on you! WWJD? Listen to this Vet.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
I did, he said he don't know why supplies aren't getting to them from San Juan. That again is local gov stuff.
Local government is decimated. As a vet are you saying our military can’t airlift supplies into remote regions? 6 bottles of CO2 per family?
I'm not saying that. I'm saying that but if ppl haven't noticed PR wasn't the only place affected by Hurricanes over the lkast 7 weeks
And the help has been grossly disproportionate. Texas & Florida debt was not raised when help needed.  100,000+  veterans there.
Where the devil have U been??  What do U think they’ve been doing all this time & R still doing?  What kind of a Sen R U that doesn’t know?
One that knows the truth. Watch this..
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
#25thAmendmentNow
Only a leftist Cultural Marxist would believe a President is crazy for following through on campaign promises.
Did you miss the news? Great rundown of US help to PR.
Please verbalize that to your colleagues. That man in the White House is a threat to this nation. We need you.
And how is President Trump a threat to our nation?
In everyday conceivable
We are helping them? You must live under ROCK!
Talk about the failures of the federal gov!!!  She is just one in the long list of money mongers!!!
stop the lies leave that to fake news
Geraldo Gets Back From Puerto Rico, Blows Lid Off What&#8217;s Been Happening To Trump https://www.westernjournalism.com/geraldo-gets-back-from-puerto-rico-blows-lid-off-whats-been-happening-to-trump/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=PostTopSharingButtons&utm_content=2017-10-14&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …
They have mismanaged their money they haven't taken care of their infrastructure and they have a horrible mayor in San Juan
There are 19,000 people sent there now. 
As usual, you are pointless, off the mark and a partisan hack.
Shut up and go take more pharmbribes
Would be nice if congress get off yet another vacation and get to work

Puerto Rico Delegate: Everything That We've Asked For, #Trump Has Provided #MAGA .@realDonaldTrump 
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2017/10/14/puerto_rico_delegate_everything_that_weve_asked_for_trump_has_provided.html …
FOLLOW THE MONEY!? WHOS BUYING UP P.R. & V.IS.!? WHO BENIFITS BY PEOPLE SUFFERING! WHO IS GOING 2 GET BILLIONS IN CONTRACTS/WHOS BUYING UP THE ISLANDS/BEHIND THE SCENES! DON'T FORGET TRUMP SAID P.R. COULD B NEXT MIAMI!ALSO IS STOPPING CUBA FROM PROSPERING! NO TRUMP HOTELS THERE
Remember Roosevelt Roads Naval Station?  We all do. #NoDems4Decades #MAGA
t we should now send the army corps of engineers. and the best builders from all trades to work with the Puerto Rico people on rebuilding!

"Mental Ill President Hires Corrupt Administration and Surrounds Himself with White Supremacist and the Nuclear Codes."
What could go wrong?
You might be a bit confused.....
Trumpkin’s Dumb memes. Lives at stake.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Why did you not speak a single word about Puerto Rico when Obama did nothing  and let the slip into the mess they are now in You were SILENT

Watch..
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Sounds like San Juan is not distributing the supplies. Corrupt mayor holding out.
I hate to say this but trump needs to take over the govt. until he can find honest citizens to run the country. People are dying.
Seriously? What do u think FEMA is doing? Maybe u could lecture PR on their socialist agenda & not maintain their infrastructure Senator.
Watch & learn.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Things that make ya say hmmmmmm!
And more aid has gone since this list. But facts don't matter to Fauxcahontis.
What the hell are you talking about there are people over there helping at some point people have to help themselves also
With #45 wishing you all the best luck in can, because I don't see it happening,and it's sad because they need more HELP then there getting
It's not working Pocahontas we know what's going on
So a bigoted insult helps who?
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
If you think you can do it faster and better I bet Trump would give you the job. Let’s see you make a decrepit group of islands into Hawaii
Witty while people die. Shame.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Western Puerto Rico, remote. You’re there. Help. Enormous job. City and electric grade, food and water, hospitals, sick, Meds priority NOW
Listen..
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
1 thru 5 not enough water 6-10 not enough food.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Spend you millions and send a few planes down there.  It's a no brainer Pocahauntice.
meanwhile
Have you talked to the President of the Virgin Islands about this? Unbelievable......
They already have you liar. This is such a  typical, liberal lame attack.
You seem ignorant on what is being done!!  Educate yourself instead of spreading hateful speech!
It is not the United States government's responsibility to rebuild that's what you Democrats like though people depending upon you for help
Should the FEMA help be endless? Where is PR responsibility in all of this? God helps those who help themselves, like TX & FL did!
Fear Mongering again ???
No Bubba it’s reality.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
The democrat senators should return all donations from donors that sexually harassed women since JFK raped an intern at the White House
PLEASE FORCE ALL HURRICANE, AND FIRE PRONE AREAS TO BURY THEIR UTILITY LINES! NO TAXPAYERS MONEY FOR SANCTUARY STATES!
Fkn hell you're thick....
 where have u been? Liawatha. Fundraising instead of helping in Wine Country. 
Pocahontas do your homework before you open your big mouth. By the way, your irrelevant in case you forgot.
Would someone tell those morons in the White House Puerto Rico is part of the US
  Chief of Staff Kelly and his boss
  OMG!!!!
Aren't they providing any support to them?
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/unemployment-claims-fall-to-lowest-level-in-43-years-despite-hurricanes/article/2637266 … you are big lier
It’s liar not lier. Watch and educate yourself.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Why do you want to make it sound like they're not getting help,when they are?
What's Cherokee for "Lying White Woman?"
You got jokes while people die. Shame!
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Americans deserve way more from the federal government than what they deliver!!!
So off, once again.
Puerto Ricans, know SJ mayor, was holding up the distribution of supplies, so she could politicize their crisis.
False..
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
This is one area and people that don’t understand the govt. there. Yes, they are telling the truth but the picture is much bigger.
where the hell have you been on vacation Puerto Rico's getting all the help they need!!  must be the Alzheimer's setting in !!
Must be your bigotry clogging your ears!
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Why don't you write a check to Fema of all that dirty Hollywood money you got? Help the taxpayers out.
Hurricanes, fires, mass shootings, etc. Give the poor guy a break. You can only stretch our resources so far.#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
But private jets for his whole administration? Shame on you. Lives at stake.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Hey Pocahontas you been watching tv?
Hey racist you been listening to the pleas?
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Puerto Rico should be a priority to rebuild. Screw the wall - let's help these poor US citizens!

They are not United States citizens! Just like you are NOT an INDIAN!!
Yes. They are US citizens.
And she is not an Indian...
...& she never used her % of Indian blood 4 gain. (Me, either).
You are kidding right?  First off coming from someone who is Indian she has no Indian blood, further she used it to get her degree and at HU
wrong ! it was part of a smear campaign 2 discredit her -check http://snopes.com )+she has a % as do a lot of us/Americans.
No Susan, by her own admission... sorry you are wrong... try a source other then something as biased as snopes...
1.  Wasn't used 4 gain. 2.  She does indeed have small % in her DNA. Ok. We're done.
Senator Warren could give 2 poops about Puerto Rico. She is just crafting a way to put more pressure on our @POTUS.
Don’t forget the West their were 600 military fighting fires in OR send some to CA
Congress has authorized $51 billion in aid if more needed send more, allow Elon Musk to rebuild PR electricity,
http://www.oann.com/fbi-investigates-claims-puerto-rico-officials-are-withholding-fema-supplies/ …
The are not States, they chose to stay Latin 
Thank you @SenWarren #NotAnAfterthought
Please Sen Warren are you waiting for this before eliminating 45? He's unfit & unstable. He thinks he's king & so far he's right! Stop him!
Thank you for remembering #USVI in youf comment. Sadly w/ all the recent devistation, people have forgotten #USVI They need govt. help.
I hope Kelly is true to his word. I am ex Navy so kinda trust a Marine.
So we're giving them loans... That helps them very much with their horrible credit they have since they can't manage their money.
Pocahontas, write them a check you cambridge multi millionaire.
we are helping them. Dishonest.
Are you blind Warren?? Maybe you should pay attention to current events. Supplies are being mishandled..FBI now investigating. WAKE UP!
Has anyone told you that they are helping? Or have you only been watching that 1 out of 78 mayors that models tshirts for CNN speak.
I agree, like the Clintons helped the Haitians, oh, didn’t you go to the Clinton wedding?
.@SenWarren ...Thank you very much for your leadership in holding .@realDonaldTrump accountable.
Despite corruption, mismanagement  and dire consequences  we face,  we were defunct before the Hurricane. Seems like a perfect time 

We deserve a honest working government. If you resign then we are one step closer to a decent group of elected officials.
IT'S ALL FAKE NEWS THE MAYOR WAS STANDING IN FRONT OF THOUSANDS OF BOTTLE OFF WATER SO STOP THE FEAR MONGERING LIBTARDS
Stop fear mongering the American people, YOUR such a dirt BAG
Miss Warren why dont you call fema and find out for your self
This is the same Warren who was doing a political fund raiser mere miles from those who have been killed by wildfires. Disgraceful.
If you're feeling froggy Pocahontas, leap your ass up on your broom and head that way! 
Umm..you should call PR govt!! Hubby been there 3 weeks and they are only giving much needed supplies to donors and friends. Tied his hands
They are dumb ass
Liz, try paying attention to what's going on in our government! Do you actually hear what spews out of your mouth?
Where have you been !  That's whats going on lady grand stander !
Hey Liz, why don't you explain why the PR FBI is investigating where all of the supplies went to? Huh Liz? Mayor Cruz?

PR Gov is corrupt, stealing money from citizens, elec co steals frm gov, this is system THEY have in place...but it's Trump's fault. No!
Absolutely!
Where is the IMPEACHMENT proceedings
You are a senator. Don't tell us what the government must do, we elected YOU to DO IT.
You & your ilk always put yourselves first. You seem to think YOU ARE ENTITLED. You are all molting & your true selves are being exposed.
Hey LIZZY, maybe an investigation is warranted to see exactly WHO is getting these supplies. Probably the wealthy, 1% like you LIZZY.

Perhaps our powerful  U S Senate could get involved instead of touring the states for hand shaking!
Already done. Stop with the insinuation and deception. People have woken up to your act.
other than take the positions of actual minorities, what have you ever done to help someone other than yourself,,,, unlike @realDonaldTrump
Elizabeth: Do you own a phone? Perhaps you could call @FEMA and hear about all we are doing. Fear monger--it's not working.
So much  
Why are you lying???
In case u haven't noticed, we ARE helping Puerto Rico & US Virgin Islands. We just can't keep FEMA & Military there 4ever #Tucker
It's the only thing they have going right now... I doubt if Trump hates Puerto Ricans is going to get much traction
I know many people that live there and you are heinous to suggest that we're giving anything but our best, over there. Sit down.
Thank you for the USVI mention.  We take care of our own!  Oh I wish I could do more
Shut up about Puerto Rico.  Start FOCUS ON HEALTHCARE, FTRUMP JUST DISTRACTED YOU ALL DEMOCRATS!
#Pocahontas Sez:  It is time that SOMEBODY do something.  Not ME, but SOMEBODY ... somebody ELSE. 
That's not how folks are raised in Okla.
FLINT STILL HAS NO WATER
I bet if they could vote for a president @realDonaldTrump would care about PR
Maybe take your head out of your butt and go there. See the wonderful work FEMA is doing there. You complain but do nothing
Absolutely

Wow. This is a lame response to what is happening there. Why bother to tweet this. Very disappointing.
My kingdom for a politician who understands being cautious is NOT what we need now, we need progressive LEADERSHIP. Get out there and LEAD!
They deserve the right to refuse "aid" in the form of predatory loans that will enslave generations, signed for by an unelected interim govt
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/14/heres-how-the-virginia-state-police-provoked-violence-at-charlottesville …
Shut up, pandered
DJT is a destroyer. He destroys good deals and bad deals. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Then tell Congress to grow up, grow a pair, get off their entitled asses and do the right thing!
If you want to help Pocahontas, tell your democrat cohort to stop blocking supplies for the people..
They are and have..
Get that useless San Juan Mayor off her ass & organize her volunteers to do what other communities do.
The place is full of corruption
Democrats need to work for once.  Go to the inner cities get control of the guns YOU can't control what you have now.  LAZY LAZY
Send her some more shirts.
You have plenty of  to go round. Come on! Don’t be so Selfish 
Brava!  another shame to bear.
Ur such a sad little woman...plz take ur meds
PR has massive debt obviously that money did not upgrade their elect, grid or water treatment or stocking up supplies since in huricane ally
IT'S AN OUTRAGE! LMAO. Everyone fact check warren's tweets! Once again she is being entirely dishonest!
And Madam Senator it starts with impeaching this fraudulent president! He is the reason our fellow Americans in PR are suffering! He doesn’t even know where it is yet the VP spent $250k on a twitter stunt!
You're off your reservation if you think we're not helping Lieawatha!
Get your happy ass down there with the men and women and SEE what’s going on. They r doing more than you let on. #TellTheTruth
Were you down there ? Were you on senate while they wasted millions and didn't fix power grid ? Corruption is rampant But u on Wells Fargo
Warren you going to mention the truckers strike in PR holding up FEMA aid?  Did TX & FL need help this long?  PR needs to do the work not us
http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/12/politics/trump-puerto-rico-texas-florida/index.html … Trump's "disinterest" in Puerto Rico is clear. Here's the math Fla 29 elec votes; Tx 38 elec votes; PR 0 elec votes
Apparently you can’t read.
Puerto Rico is in dire straights due to them voting Democrat for 30 years, the hurricanes leveled a third world Island because your party robbed them blind
Stop lying
To bad they bankrupt themselves, you do that under corrupt leadership, sorry, u don't get bailouts. Stop being a bail out ho, tough love
seriously, STOP your ...you are out to lunch lady.
Are you actually down there helping? Asking for a friend....
so you must be happy
E warren you are a broken record.
US citizens also deserve afforadable healthcare not wealth redistribution. We also don't deserve to have to work to support a bloated govt
U.S. citizens also deserve a Congress that will put our wishes and needs above their self centered greed and pompous attitudes. #criminals
Keep up Warren..How about address reports from residents complaining supplies are being withheld from them and given to elected officials.
The only thing this gov't is interested in is themselves.
We luv you Liz.   Keep fighting the good fight
And they are getting it, Perhaps your native american ancestors could help
Well maybe work over the weekend to pass the Bill to release funds no?
Might want to let some of your counterparts know they are US territory...blunder in charge, Ridiculous Ryan and Pathetic Perry to name a few
Call FEMA to verify what's being done. Might want to mention they were bankrupt prior to the hurricanes due to that Dem "leadership"
Maybe a bunch of you could go to #PuertoRico with video drones and show what's really happening! And seriously #DoSomething #DoAnything
To say the least
About time Congress Passed the Hurricane Aid bill  the President been asking for. It’s a lot less than what President Trump wanted though.
FEMA said for you to call them and they'll explain (in tiny little words) all that they're doing to help. Check facts before opening mouth.
Humans deserve that much from govts.
It appears a lot of our tax dollars have gone to help. Stop running for office and just do your job for once
They have! 15,000 FEMA & military ppl there working there. Said we would help rebuild, but PR needs to be self reliant.
You’re a Senator. You mean to tell me you can’t pick up a phone and see what we are doing there? Go and see what FEMA is doing! DOD
Their own truckers would not help until they figured out who was going to pay them!  What kind of BS is that?  Pls read the memos  POTUS has sent help they've been there since IRMA!
#PresidentKelly
Give them some of your millions

At what point have we given them the tools they need and allow them to help themselves?
They pay their federal taxes (those that are levied) just like the people of TX, LA, MS and FL.They deserve the same level of benefits.
So WTF is the problem? Thats what FEMA is supposed to do. If FEMA and our own govt cant do thier job, then its time to clean up our govt.
That's exactly why they are being helped. Stop spreading #FakeNews
Why dont you donate, you have lined your pockets with plenty of taxpayer money.
PR problem = corrupt Democrat politicians.
Well when u help you take from one group and give to another. Great!
Stop blaming gov't - BLAME P.Rico LOCAL OFFICIALS hoarding & giving AID sent to ONLY THEIR political supporters.
Stop the ridiculous posturing. You will never be President!
Shut up and do your job!!!!
Pick up a shovel and buy a ticket. What makes you so special.
who loves a crisis more than a big government leftist? can't think of anyone tbh.
unfortunately you're missing the point... the local democratic run government bankrupted itself. very sad. #DeepState
Warren why don’t you give some of your money to PR n US Virgin Island if u r so concern
We are helping Pocahontas
What is your problem? We are helping and We won't be there FOREVER. There will be a time when first responders will leave.
Please get something started.
Are you fo REAL

Did you see that last "earthquake"
#CANT #SEE
#CANT #HEAR
#CANT #SPEAK~
#TRUTH !!
@POTUS @ricardorossello
@USArmy
@USNavy
@usairforce
@USMC
@USNationalGuard
@fema
#NGOs
You have MILLIONS of $$$. Shut up & go down & spread your wealth. Go help these people instead of doing NOTHING. Any democrats helping??
Why did PR drive out the Navy base that brought 1/2 billion to their economy?
