the rampant over charging by both the medical & insurance companies has never been addressed by either party. That's the real problem w HC
Because those are whose pockets both parties are in. Campaigns and politics should solely be publicly funded by citizens and capped @$1000
Still won't address the corruption in BigPharma and the Insurnace industries. There need to be caps there too...
Didn't get this bad till Obama made back room deals with them.
it's been bad for decades, that's why so many couldn't get insurance.
So now it's reversed. Those who couldn't, have it, those who can, can no longer afford it and dealing with a insurance that offers less now.

Let's switch...We get their healthcare plan with the big tax break they wanted to vote in and they get the garbage bill they proposed 4 US.
Maybe we need a Woodstock like crowd?  Can Obama come to the House?  Come on - u need to get more creative.  For God's sake.
No, Obama charged $400,000 for the last medical convention he went to.
Good for him!!  Go President Obama!!
Yeah, go Obama, who promised the ACA would broadcast live on cnn so everyone could see what's in it. That never happened.Backdoor deals.
Lies, lies. Keep sucking the Fox gas. Just look it up yourself - Tons of public hearings. It was a compromise. My bill is a joke. On you.
Than why did they say " You can find out what's in it, once it's released." Just like stool sample.

Who is they?  I could have made that myself.

Single payer system would put companies like AETNA out of business. That would be an appropriate punishment for their actions.
stop and noticed it was never this bad until Obama played with it? Than when the aca crashed he said Not my fault. Isn'tcalled Obama care?
Thanks I don't understand why Republicans accept the lie that Obamacare is failing or that it is a bad system.  Let's stop this madness
What are you talking about? The ACA is predicated on bad economics and it is a bad policy, even Bill Clinton said it was bad.
However, Romney's heathcare system that Obama, who made a bad attempt on copying, has been growing strong since 2006.
Sure, though I regard any plan that doesn't address the price distortions yet expands coverage particularly problematic.
But the group of us who wanted to choose our own coverages & not be forced to pay for unwanted coverages will be able to Choose again. #win

So where are the insurance companies and why aren't they getting into the GOP faces?
The only "people" getting GOP attention are the ones with the purse strings, like the Kochs.
So if a repeal passes, we get less choice & higher premiums. If they don't pass it, the same result. Central Planners SUCK! #tlot
You don't care your a liar you just want the tax what health care ?
Albert Cheris is a Moron Mike Pompeo CIA Director Agree s Now! so Does @SenCapito agree  Now! @GloriaAllred
And just what the H--l do you think is happening with OBUMMERCARE
Well senator Warren, some of us oldies may die in the process. Maybe because we won't have health care. Maybe because we can't afford pharma
But if it comes to that, I will choose my path carefully in a manner that reflects how I have been treated.
So, the thing that's been happening for 6 years straight?
Then perhaps Dems should of offered an alternative instead obstructing GOP.  Both parties are to blame
Sorry that is the philosophy of the Democrats. They want one insurance company period. They are lying to the Americians.
Aren't they already doing that with Obamacare?
that has been the GOP plan all along
Please don't let it happen. Isn't there any way to work across the aisle to come up with a competent, humane solution?!
Liz, is that skyrocketing premiums as in Ocare? How do you do it? Are you telling me Ocare has helped? U R either stupid or a liar.
Warren/Duckworth 2020 #cantloseteam #veryqualified #DumpTrump #makethisAmericaagain #nobodiesfool #cleanupwashington #taxthechurches
GOP will be responsible. No passing the buck. No one celebrates failure better than the Republicans.
Don't need ins universal healthcare if not that then let md and patient work it out. Cost will be a lot lower no extra  mouths to feed
Sure. Just trade your doctor a few chickens for chemo because that totally works.
Right.  And maybe you could work off that CT scan by cleaning for floors - for the rest of your life.  Medicare-for-all is the best way.
Universal healthcare is the way to go pain for profit is wrong. The idiots at the top don't want it they and ins in each other's pockets
When they screw this up and they will what ru going to do when the private for profit ins start dropping ppl and leaving areas no uc it will
Be between md and patient to work out a payment plan.  If the md wants to use barter system that's up to them
You obviously have had little interaction with the healthcare system.  It is much more complicated than seeing your doctor and paying them.
Worked well until ins got involved. Now more un needed mouths to feed in the food chain. Does nothing but up costs to pay for their profit
Pay attention! They're leaving now
Everyone's premiums sky rocketed when THE MARKET PLACE was introduced. You can keep your Doctor?
I think that has been happening for awhile.  Where have you been?
Does this effect government employees also?
Pass this fact on.
Why can't we go to Pre Obama insurance. Affordable and good.
It is the Republicans that want to give the Americians  more choices of insurance.
They have already how did you ever get ekected
That's already happening under ObamaCare
Disaster that we would have to helplessly watch.
They are already doing that under your plan
Why are you complaining when you're not fixing the problem
they already quit under obamacare...but lets not contridict your unicorn ideology rhetoric pandering with facts #fauxahantas AKA lil big lie
And justice will be served. Everyone knows this part of obamacare was a payoff to big insurance for political contributions to O'bama. #MAGA
Vote 4 Medicare 4 all bill today.
I wish this information was honest not to mention productive.
marketplace is already gutted... many areas only one provider.  Insurers already quitting
That is already happing with Obama Care
Premiums are already skyrocketing and insurers are quitting - under the current system. Nobody wants to pay for themselves & others
Listen to Sen Warren
 She knows what she's talking about.
???  . Pay attention- the premiums have already skyrocketed and ins companies have quit. Dang woman, do a little research.
the marketplaces are gutted. your not listening to the people! Repeal obamacare! WORKING PEOPLE CAN'T AFFORD IT. WORKING people matter too!!
That is already happening with ACA!

Insurers have been quitting for 8 years, where have you been? Stop taking paeote #fakeindian it's messing with your head.
If we leave ACA as it stands, which guts the market place... All you clowns need to stop grifting and start thrifting Fauxcohantas.
lol ummmmm insurers are dropping like flies in obumma care what r u talking about pochahontas.
Please defend us against these horrible GOP healthcare proposals. The marketplace needs stability in order to succeed. Fix the ACA.
Lier!
With Obamacare in place however... Sanctimonious liar
Newsflash:Insurersare already quitting
They already have ! Aren't you watching ?
News flash!!!!!!!!!! Insurers all ready are leaving fauxahontas
#toots it already is and you already own it
Insurers and for profit hospital chains are the issue
Oh you mean like the ObamaCare package that you voted for. You only like bad legislation when you guys pass it?
Insurers are already quitting due to the terrible bill you and other lackey senators passed. Obummer Care.
Sooooo. Pretty much like Obamacare?
Oh, ok.  Like that wasn't happening on a daily basis under that failure Obama.
so what are they doing to find a solution?
That's nonsense. Where were you when they passed  Obama care why weren't you fighting against it look what it's done to people
Just come together with Trump on something. I'm so sick n tired of this bullshit
1 minute Democrats complain about INS. Cos. making too much money. Then saying they must have Govt. Subsides. Which is it ?
Premiums have already skyrocketed.  Thanks genius
Elizabeth Warren is clueless!
Naaaaaa, u don't say Lizzy, u must think Americans don't think for themselves. U R like being married to a miserable wife!
Oh...suddenly you know how to fix things? You want Ocare to remain & fail to get your single payer socialist dream realized. #notgonhappen
@SenWarren the LGBTQ people need your help. Please stand loud and proud for us!  Love you!!
Aren't they quitting now? Get a clue.
NEWS FLASH; insurers are already quitting Obamacare. Don't you read the papers or are you that out of touch with today.
That's the idea, isn't it? Get the rest of the insurers to walk away so that @GOP can say Obamacare failed?
What marketplace? there is no open market when you marxists are involved
. @SenWarren Anyone voting to kill Obamacare will reap the undying, vehement, in-your-face wrath of (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvpcg 
You mean that's not already happening? What planet do you live on?
Let's make people's pocketbook talk, if they want to support those that don't have insurance let them pay taxes on it? 20% will fix it
The uninformed, informing.
I always laughed at the pro Obama people, Who would tweet and said Obama care saved their life and it was only 2009. Obama care didn't exist
Please don't do this @SenateGOP
They already are quitting. Just waiting to screw the American people only to be bailed out by govt!! Wake up!!! NO single payer
Like they're doing now because not enough government bailouts on the way to single payer?
Didn't they "Skyrocket" already before Trump, as health care providers left the marketplace because Obama lied to them?
#Insurers have already quit & your bill is a one-sided mess!  It #mandates something no one wants or can use! Remove earplugs, IT IS a JOKE!
Well, the thousands of people I've personally helped get it seemed to want it. It is flawed tho and they should focus on fixing it.
I am 64 years old and not working.... If my choice for a plan goes to $25,000 a year with a $15,000 deductible.... I can't get insurance...
And let's not forget, people will die or get sicker. I'm one of them.
You mean worse then they already have right?
They already are imbecile!
Lizzy, maybe you aren't paying attention, but the the insurers are quitting the failure known as Obamacare.
Democrats need to go old school...hit the communities, talk to the people, even the trump supporters, listen to what the people want
What?
ObamaCare has gutted marketplace, leaving fast if not gone! Premiums skyrocket, some over 200%! Must REPEAL the Failure!
I should be entitled to the same coverage you have. After all I'm already paying for yours
Let them quit.  Pick up the slack with Medicaid and Medicare.  Time for healthCARE not propping up failing insurers.
Not for us who will be able to escape your unaffordable plan.What do you think we can do when the bank account is empty.#NoSubsidyFool
You are a liar!
How much money do you get from insurance lobbyists?
I guess @GOPSenate doesn't care about HC providers, insurers. hospitals, or patients. #StopSkinnyRepeal
Skinny Obamacare is imploding.
The premiums are already high. Insanity.
Hey dummy, insurers are quoting now. How's you private insurance working for you subsided by the taxpayers.
; And why should we believe anything you say. So far, you have lied your way to the worst legislation in the Countries history.
And of course you're for supporting insurance companies with higher taxes... such a hypocrite.
It's called The Skeleton Bill
Lady here in AZ our premiums have already skyrocketed 126% what more can be said
Premiums have already skyrocketed!! People paying for coverage can't use it because it's too costly to use!! U are dishonest & shameful!!
What marketplace?!!  That just shows how ignorant you are. The marketplace is decimated!! Yeah, thanks Obama!!!! U lady R A piece of work!!
So you and Bernie fix it in 2020.
Wake up lady, they already did the skyrocket and quit.  I had yo drop my insurance a year ago.
Premiums already have gone up and providers dropping out!!
See here is an example why Trump won because Congreve does not pay attention to what is actually going on.
No answers just carping the Dim broken model or should I say broken arrow
That's not a bug that's a feature.
Good let them and let them Trump Supporters suffer in the hell they created
I am tired of being treated by magic from doctors, hospitals, and pharmacutial company's unethical practices. I really on Obamacare. Now  ?
I have a good smart doctor, he uses his brain. No voodoo. His 5 story building he works in will have an empty parking lot. SAD.
Agreed. However you shld remind your followers/constituents that in US economy 1 in 6 $ is spent on health care.  GOP HC agenda =recession.
Well at least Susan Collins didn't call it a "fat" repeal. Silver linings Liz, silver linings.
Democrat Message and ideas for America: OMG OMG PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DIE!!!!!!!
At a faster rate than they ALREADY ARE???
I'll "skinny repeal" them. I'll vote them all out of office, but they can wear the monkey suit if they want. That's compromise right there.
Have Democrat liars increased in the Senate? I know of two. I only have a picture of one.
Your the Dems who put the failing Obomacare in now your complaining get real you fake.
Like they're quitting now?
More so than they actually did with ACA?
Old tweet??  Sounds like Obamacare
Not true. Most insurers have quit already. What is the source of your information?
Stop lying to everyone.
It's your GOP who is lying.
Mrs Warren. Are you kidding? Do you read the papers?  Already happening under your plan. Reps will fix. Your unbelievable. Quit it
Keep up on current event's it has been happening
That has already happened in AZ. Only one choice all others have quit and prices are outrageous!!! Change is needed now!
Yes.
No ACA repeal stop the sabotage lies manipulation

Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell and reps attempting repeal &  tax plan too
what do you think they are doing now? o-care is a toxic stain on the American people-voters should know the underhanded way dems passed
That's only because the insurance companies choose to hike their rates and leave markets.
On what data do you draw your conclusions?  You spout fear and present zero options.
Insurers are already quitting... Note MDWise in Indiana for one. Thousands will be dumped and desperate and sick. Too many are women. #ACA
We want the insurance you have we pay for
Like you would know.  Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
We are counting on you and the other female Senators to stop this nonsense.
Quit beating this dead horse.  Try helping to fix it. You do nothing but obstruct. Your a joke! How anyone supports you is beyond me.
Hay Pocahauntis,Premiums are all ready skyrocketing, and insurers are already dropping out of the marketplace.the reason is called Obamacare
Keeping its citizens alive & healthy IS a government responsibility.  It should not be a for profit exercise
@MariaBartiromo Well get ur butt out there n work for the ppl ... RESIST ...Ppl how does this middle school attitude turn u on?
He is trying to make us a new world totally dependent on his ideals...a little Kim Jong-un
They're already quitting!  {{where is a brick wall emoji when you need one?}}
all  of the ins. Companies are quitting now. So don't act like it's the fault of new plan.
YOU NEED TO FIX THE REASON MANY R SICK ANDDDDDDDDD- COST GOES UP.... BAD DRUGS & FDA.....I KNOW FIRST HAND ON BAD DRUGS--- ASK ME HOW TO FIX
it would be republican mission accomplished
That's what Trump wants. To collapse Obamacare instead of fixing what's wrong. Fix hospitals charging outrageous amounts & fix drug pricing.
lizzy,both are true right now.Under Obamacare premiums rose&insurance Co have dropped http://out.You  should read more and yell less
You just described Obamacare, Lie-a-watha. "Ug."
 Lie-A-watha
What world do you live in? Insurers are already quitting and premiums are skyrocketing
Then Somebody do something.
The premiums are sky high already and health insurance companies are leaving. Hello
Without Obama's evil insurance company bailouts they would've already went out of business. Only a democrat could destroy profitable cos
No you know russia did it
You should have done something the past 8 years? Unconscionable and unacceptable! Obamacare is a loser and you did nothing???
Sounds vaguely familiar.
Ummmmm isnt that happening now!! You idiots create the problem then when it fails you blame everybody else. Sad.
There hasnt been one democrat vote to fix it
And they will try to blame on Democrats and Obama
Then the midterm elections will clear out the Republicans for taking away the healthcare of their constituents.
LOL... The irony. If Dems cared about "gutting the marketplace" they wouldn't have passed Obamacare in the first place.
Huh?  Aren't u aware that premiums have already skyrocketed and insurers have quit?  Where have u been???
A day late and a dollar short as usual.....
Isn't that what's happening now
That's what the Republican Congress wants. They want the ACA to fail so they can pass their horrible healthcare bill.
Anyone ever think about buying &be responsible 4 your own healthcare?  We R a nation of parasites, live off the gov.
Stop pandering, Senator. The entrie ACA was built to collapse, leading to single payer. So disingenuous.
Scare tactics. Pure nonsense
and then you'll be FORCED TO GIVE IN and work TOGETHER...
Unlike Obama care… Oh wait
And insurance premiums have not gone up and insurers haven't quit under Obamacare? You pocahontas are completely lost in the loony bin
That sounds like what we already have, so let's go with "fat repeal."
