thank you again for giving students and teachers of public school a voice.
are you kidding? She made $356,000 for teaching one class! That's why school is so expensive!
try again. She made $425,000. Look it up. And gives 0.00 to charity. Worth about 14,000,000.
Maybe you need to Google. http://ln.is/money.cnn.com/2015/0/1dO8I …
Warren has done nothing but run her mouth. No real achievements. Nothing
"No achievements".. http://ln.is/www.govtrack.us/cong/uEOMf … try sources other than Fox
I agree w/you for once. Barack had no experience running anything and look at the disaster he created as Prez.
What disaster? You dont know anything about politics. We were at a near depression and he saved our ass
He saved our ass by doing what exactly? Its called a business cycle. Up and down.
That is about the most ignorant tweet I have ever heard in the history of Twitter.
I call that deflection. Please describe to me what Obama did?
If you dont already know they you are badly uninformed.  I dont care about you enough to spell it out wasting time
her only experience is causing harm to people.
Why is Sean Spicer unable to answer press questions? He doesn't seem well informed and appears angered by the questions.
And you can’t ask her questions for some reason.
Why is she even considered for a job she isn't qualified to do?  https://youtu.be/Vk4imizwSlA 
Because the only qualification they want is that one be completely UNqualified. GOP wants to dismantle govt. dept. by dept
You bet we want to dismantle the political machine. People in politics to make a buck are the scum of democracy!
She is clearly not qualified. I don't mind #Trump nominating another candidate, one who has the right background!
guess that makes her perfect for a job in Trumpland
She has no experience in doing pretty much anything besides donating to nasty causes
the truth hurts!
see, that's exactly the problem. Student loans need to go away. 1 trillion is 1 trillion too much. You need to find a better way.
& her answers sound like she sees loans as a profit source & doesn't care about bankrupting me and my friends.
dont forget she owns a collection agency just for student loans,this job means big bucks for her & charter schools
may I ask which generation you identify as a member of?

what experience did you have being senator?
@BetsyDeVos  How much did you make teaching ONE class Elizabeth? 300k+???? YOU Elizabeth are a huge part of the problem
Yes Senator Warren, you have quite the followers here. In case you don't understand, that was sarcastic.
.@SenWarren @usedgov She would destroy real public schools and harm millions of children - and 100s of millions of communities
holy crap what an overreaction.Give me a break with the drama: 100s of millions of communities? Does the US control global schools?
ask Gates, Zuckerman, and TFA.  Then go fuck yourself
ha ha. You bleeding heart liberal with a trash mouth. Keep supporting fauxcohantas ya dope.
< --- JOKE
God help us !

so she would have the same amount of experience as Trump. #godhelpus
AAAAAAAAND big Ben @RealBenCarson ... let's not forget that quivering lump of useless gristle.
don't flatter him.
Lol my apologies ... tell me what you'd call him.
after listening in; it is apparent she is lacking experience in many area
liz You have zero experience telling the truth. She's better qualified than you
And you had no experience being a senator. Oops, that's a bad example you suck at your job.
and you have been overseeing this failure for how long?
Liz Warren should chair the Senate Committee on Hyperbole and Overreaction.
Don't allow her to have this position
Thanks for not holding back on #Devos. This is all just getting me more hyped for the Women's March in DC!
cant wait for the arrests at this "Women's March" crap
What a nice "Christian,freedom loving American" thing to say.
Trump won.. get over it. I didn't make a big deal after Obama won against Romney.
Trump did: and lead the Birther movement.
Was Obama in his book...said he was born in Kenya.  Check it out.  Be brave.
Call it what it is - it's not a Women's March. It's an abortion march.
#NailOnTheHead
DeVos is completely unqualified. NO VOTE!
Trump could have nominated Hillary Clinton for any position and Progs/Dems would still complain and fight it. Hypocrites
Bo had no experience in politics became senate and president.She is well qualified and we would appreciate some respect
as a school principal & the mom of a learning disabled son I'm offended that she's even being considered!
My wife has been a HS teacher for 21 years and she's WORRIED !!  Dems, do something!!
horrible. Get a life.
Oh but you, a mere teacher, could? Your  nasty arrogance is beyond belief. Be an American before a Democrat for once.
She could not directly answer ANY question Rep Kaine asked! Send her home
She didn't know what IDEA was. Send her home !
neither do you....
: multi-millionaire @SenWarren earned over $400,000 to teach a class. How much money has this parasite sucked from indebted students
yet she shall@ Co president Kushner has her back
Jealous much??
To be fair, she has plenty of experience in being rich. What's the going rate for a @GOP senator these days?
funny thing is that's not what gov't SHOULD be doing
C'mon Elizabeth let the children off the plantation. Give children a chance. It's not about you.
and Hillary was going to help with school deplorables are the dumbest
please block her nomination
but she's all about stopping bears from getting into schools...
Your questions have been a waste of everyone's time. Please retire
DEVOS IS A VERY WEALTHY WOMAN ! I THINK SHE KNOWS SOMETHING ABOUT MANAGING MONEY. GO FIND SOMEONE TO CALL A RACIST !!
@PixMichelle @usedgov But remember what a great job Brownie did running FEMA with no experience!
you really should listen to what us citizens want. We want honest, dependable, people in the White House. U aren't 1 of
or much of anything else. Please vote NO.
CONFIRM BETSY!!!! #SchoolChoice for all not just the rich like Obama's daughters.
DO YOU WANT A TEACHER OR A BANKER?! MAKE UP YOUR MIND!!#SchoolChoice
@realDonaldTrump she is not qualified!!! #whyIMarch
how do you know, just because you have no experience in anything, but lying, doesn't make her a bad candidate
President Obama had no experience running a country, or creating a business yet you backed him. Double standards? Laughable Dem.
You enriched you and your families wealth flipping houses during housing crisis. Now you want to judge others.Hypocrite!
she seemed rather ignorant about everything other than "opportunities"
However she DOES have experience with protecting students from marauding bands of grizzlies- so, that's a plus.
The demos broke the country so, I guess your opinion does not really count
meetings go better when no one know anything about the subject
Are you the experience police?
And being a 200 mil contributor to the Repub party I am sure she would be a champion of pardoning student loans.
Keep the pressure on. Keep asking the hard questions.
liberals see a boogeyman everywhere they go...school choice, oh the horror  god forbid we have more choices...
Oh. What kind of experience do you have? The same as being an Indian? So-zero for you too!
What is the default rate, Senator?  Is this a loan bank or an entitlement program?
hope you have experience in the private sector bcuz gut feeling is you're on your way out. People are sooooooo sick of you 
please vote NO!
I'm sure she has experience balancing her LARGE checking account, something you don't have
are there plans to disband DOE. Leaving us at the mercy of state government for quality education for our children
Hey Pocahontas!  She is worth a billion dollars. Are you jealous?  You got caught lying and practicing law wo a license.
@iamchefapple @usedgov in addition to having no experience in public education! DeVos is clearly not qualified!
you speak with forked tongue you fake indian fraud
and you do? Hahahahaha
And who would YOU suggest, Pocahontas? WHO HAS THAT EXPERIENCE?!  WE are so sick of you politicians think u know better!
Pocahontas has zero experience in doing anything but running her mouth. You think I wanted a traitor in Kerry as SOS?
DeVos the Ditz has no business being anywhere near the DOE. DUMP HER!
@rabiasquared @usedgov who does?
you've got it ALL wrong! Your soon to be new @POTUS who will be father to your nation has NO EXPERIENCE why should @BetsyDeVos?
Warren is a stark reminder as to why President @realDonaldTrump must #Draintheswamp
DeVos will bring fresh leadership & perspective.  Loans are meant to be paid back by the way.
govt shouldn't be in the student loan business anyway! All it did was drive up costs while producing less qualified ppl
just like u have no experience in being native american lol
Most people don't but it doesn't mean they can't.
I guess it's the unions that are driving the dem's.
vSenWarren how is it the politicians come into office as middle class and they leave millionaire ? Also no experience
The Democrats have done such a bang up Job?
Well, I'm sure she has experience doing direct deposit in her account.
@gallaecian She should "DeVos" herself from the Trumpian notion that she'll somehow, magically become qualified!
She's unfit to run a knitting circle.  A truly dense person.
All of Trump's picks, other than Mad Dog, reflect how comprehensively incompetent TRUMP is...Putin's prop!
so...by your logic President Obama shouldn't have been Commander-in-Chief? Because he had no prior experience running a military?
Please stop DeVos. Unqualified & our children & teachers deserve better.
@usedgovPls,hlp us.Why not Prs.O' reduce student loans 2principle &split it4ways, Fed,Bank,State&Student &let state lawapply
Liawatha is an irrelevant gasbag the concept of non individualized ed plans are the future knocking ATA answer the door
you were desperate for worthless airtime manipulating the session to advance your own agenda. And got nowhere.
it's all about that MONEY RIGHT WARREN ! What a pitiful attack on #BetsyDeVos
And you had no experience being "Native American", yet you did that!!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for your intense line of questioning that attempted to hold the nominee's foot to the fire.
No more common core Pocahontas. I can't wait to vote you out because you suck!
You speak with forked tongue
Excellent questions! Thanks you Sen. Warren!
you looked ridiculous you might have Anger issues. Backfired
#FauxCohantas
Seriously, get your hormones checked.  You are as far as you can go.
Nobody cares what liars say. You've lost our attention. Warren who?
when do you plan to apologize to Native Americans & return all the you stole by lying about being NA to get jobs?
@realDonaldTrump @usedgov Vote YES and confirm @BetsyDeVos as Ed Sec.
The US government has indebted students to the tune of 1 trillion dollars that they can't pay back. Nice work.
you are such a hypocrite unfollow
did you take the advice of your followers at UT and use dildos to stand your guard instead of weapons?  Bet not!
Only speaking about student loans!  Just for the attention on the cry babies supporting you!
I don't care how much experience she has at this point m she has a heart and will see the needs! Not ignore them!
That's ideal, the government shouldn't be guaranteeing student loans.  They are a debtor's prison
DBS Region 9 in texas had Federal funding cut and was put in the DHS office. ONE WOMEN FOR THOUSANDS IN THIS DISTRICT
lol Pocahontas??
I just fell off in a kindergarten play ground full of bullies following this tweet.Grow up KARMA SERVES HOT
Democrats r responsible 4the high cost of college, @SenWarren!
GOVT created #StudentDebt Bubble &America knows it
@usedgov @BetsyDeVos #MAGA
@TX12thDistrict @usedgov Plus I believe she has recieved a large contribution from the nra at some point.... guns 4 grizzlys.....
Gee, you mean like Ben Rhodes and Tommy Vietor??
you're really not that bright, are you?
All you "experienced" politicians have your own agendas. Time for a new fresh perspective, talent & commitment.
does the current Sec of Education? Nope.
Which begs the question, why are taxpayers on the hook for these outrageous student loans?
So you are looking for another Goldman banker to run it? Seems you are caught in a contradiction.
@Lovingalaugh @usedgov the govt is not a bank!  Ir grants & guarantees
How hard can it be? Democrats running it now. It's not a "bank" but a means to indebt young for DNC indoctrination.
Neither do you. All you accomplished is lying convincingly enough to get elected in a Blue state, where lying counts.
what you liberals count as experience usually amounts to nothing. So what's your point?
honestly delirious one just give into tour Alzheimer's and just go away.
why dont you take us on a tour of your mansion up north and introduce us to your hired help
She's a billionaire and helped more kids directly than u ever have? Unions destroy this country. Hold teachers account!
you lost, there's nothing you can do, how's that feel? Have you wondered why?  Have you taken responsibility?
I think warren needs to give it up....angry over everything is unappealing
what experience did you have in politics before you ran? None, other than the lying part.
R you taking a salary from Us ? why? how much money do you need to make? act like @realDonaldTrump and Give it back!
Drumpf don't care he has no experience either but he can steal $$ from voucher programs and she is ok with it #TrumpFraud
Your questions were "gotcha" questions, in no way designed to find out her ideas.  I am liberal, but this was wrong.
And you, senator Lizzie, do not either. Sometimes, it's better to say nothing than screech about everything.
pot, kettle
Govt does not belong in student loan business, so hopefully she will work with Republicans to divest this agency charge.
@TX12thDistrict @usedgov Troll alert!
are you call Warren a troll?
@gmo1stmimi .... ADMINISTERED CORRECTLY. I would love to be part oh the COMMITTEE that decides EDUCATIONAL SPENDING!!!
at least she won't STEAL like u did, lying about Cherokee blood for that Harvard scholarship!

@gmo1stmimi NOT having a clue on EDUCATIONAL FINANCING could ruin PEOPLES LIVES and harm the ECONOMY if not ....
He assembled a team to loot America.
she has NO credentials to run, enhance or manage our public education. She's laughing at us! Ask Michigan!
um, she wants competitive private loans vice high interest government loans
And you have no experience being an American so what's your point? @SenWarren @usedgov

please just go away....  So in order to be education boss you have to be a banker,lol
SHE WILL STOP all fake indians from gaining the system WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH,
Choosing the Teacher's union over students is not good policy
And all you political hacks have no experience to make decisions on anything.U R all screw ups. pissed U lost & it shows
What's more important than experience is 
INTEGRITY,
something sorely lacking in the halls of Washington DC
Take a seat
though to her credit she did manage the funds received at the Stepford bake sale. 
Or anything else meaningful. 
And You Do...? #Pocahontas  I think Not...! #ShutUp
More importantly, the 'solutions' she's promoted & championed have destroyed Michigan schools like lead in Flint's H2O.
@Kate_Kelly_Esq @usedgov  But hey, Tr*mp has no experience at anything but devouring stuff, so it's sort of a fit, yknow?
Her only experience is paying people millions to advance her agenda and ruin the lives of the less fortunate. #DeVos
She has no experience in education. Period. #DumpDeVos
