The adults are working on a solution to fix the democrats Obamacare disaster.  No worries
Is the guy who cries on twitter everytime when faced w opposition even tho he's pres. considered one of the 'adults'? Asking for a friend.
Obama was a good speaker, politicially correct, and didn't use Twitter.  Trump gets results.  What matters most??
No, seriously, what 'results' does Trump get?
Here's 8 big ones plus revised Cuba policy to help Cuban people, brought home imprisoned Americans from overseas, Apprenticeship initiative,
Obama saved the economy, auto industry, gave insurance to + 20 millions in the country, in less that 2 years
Most people on food stamps ever!  Slowest recovery in US history.  Americans have more jobs because we all have 2 part time gigs.  Yay
Thanks republicans 4 the 2008 recession,  states like Kansas, having backwards economic policies don't help your case
Please stop supporting the Russia hacked the election narrative. It's so beneath you Bernie. Dems must be held accountable for cheating
You mean the narrative confirmed by virtually every intelligence community in the country? I'm glad Bernie **supports** that 'narrative'
Let them produce tangible evidence that Russia held Trumps hand and prevented Hillary from becoming pres. Our government lies, u should know
Investigation is not finished yet.
Yes ! The investigation is done!
No it's not.
Trump no tape Tweet timed to distract TrumpCare attention.
Everyone says they haven't seen a draft. If that's the case how do you know it's disastrous? More fear mongering
Clever
Sorry, #DemExit and #3rdPartyNow Warren didn't endorse you...
Two idiots walk into a bar...
Bernie & Lyin' Lizzie think their job is to Confiscate OUR hard-earned money & redistribute it to who they choose.
Sanders and Warren are both frauds! Lying weasels!
How is that lawsuit going Burn? And Pochantus your minimum wage Push cost Seattle 5000 jobs. Well done!
Fuck Sanders and his Socialist communist ideas of free shit to control everything, the old man is crazy go to a mental institution.
Topics?
Cancer in Vaccines
Medical slavery
DNA rights consitutional amendment
100K killed yearly prescription drugs Known side effects
#maga
Awesome podcast!
Bernie, you are creating fake news when you claim that you were able to read what was in Obamacare before it was passed.
Then you contradict yourself when you use the quotes from republicans at the time complaining because they weren't able to read it.
Hey, stop spending gov. $$ on political races & focus on women.
more lies from Bernie who caved into the dnc and there rigging of the primaries
No one is listening to the socialist and the squaw. The MSM get their jollies out of hearing you both make absolute fools of yourself.  JOKE
That's all Bernie is: all show no work!
I'm concerned that taxpayers are paying Democrats to do nothing.  And they want to talk about gov't  waste??
Maybe they can talk about the 34M they ignored that currently doesn't have insurance.
So, How many more #Yemen #children must be slaughtered by #SaudiArabia before the world notice
and #StopArmingSaudi
OH JESUS CHRIST.. WHAT IS THIS??
saudi airstrikes committed massacre
on 18-6-2017 In saada attacked almushanaq market 
Killed 25 ppl 
 on Yemen
Thank you for sharing. I am so so sorry for the horrific and senseless loss of life.
Very sorry to read about these killings. Terrible.
Please don't let the Republicans have there way.
Senators please stand fast opposing a tremendous disaster, farmers in KA are paying with sweat the consequences of their election mistake
Put a plan up yourself details details details. Give us something to get excited about. Where is the plan  1 payer How? Who pays? Details
We need a big tent to beat the GOP not just a small progressive tent. Will never win with just the progressives.
Hey Bernie.....I'm a republican and a woman and I agree with what we've seen so far with the NEW healthcare.
Anyone remember "you have to vote for it to see what's in it'? Both dems and repubs deliver disaster on hard working families. ACA sucks 2!
How can u possibly make stmts against a bill u have not been able to see? Ur talking bull & making no sense. Ins. Co's r leaving Obamacare
It's to bad, you didn't fight for Americans with the ACA!
Aren't you complaining about not knowing what's in the bill but yet you are able to talk about what's in the bill...makes sense
Who would have any questions for Bernie..he's a socialist.. what more do u need to know
piece of Republican legislation. What solutions have the Dems contributed? Zero zip nada.
Why don't you give a speech on Obama care our premiums doubled. Mine doubled to 900.00 a month I'm healthy one person, I had to drop out
if they haven't seen it how do they know it's disadterous? Because that is the dem answer to every
You're so clueless it's laughable as Obamacare was killing so many Americans because of the cost and neither of the 2 of gave a Damn. WTH
I smell a sitcom.
#FUD #FAKENEWS #LyingDemocrats #HopeYourWifeGoesToJailForFraudThatSheIsBeingInvestigatedFor
Both of you are Socialist and your agenda is doing away with freedoms by taxation and political control like Hitler, Stalin and Mao.
Your supporters voted against Bernie. Now his supporters are shooting Senators. SHAME ON YOU. You and buddy Hillary need to go away. LOOSER
Like we are going to  believe your propaganda bs we should be investigating the democrat party they are crooks all of them like Hillary
Progressive liberal socialist ideology doesn't work!!! It never worked in the history of the world
So how can Bern and Lizzy answer any questions on health care bill when THEY HAVE NOT SEEN IT? Such HYPOCRITES!!
You guys need to stop hating on Barack Obama you support racism stop being racist
U two are the worst Congress has too represent America. Yap yap yap yap.
Curb your enthusiasm?
they can always improve it without the Obamacare Dictatorship pentalies in a democracy.
Really Bernie !!!
Your as big a fraud as that fake Indian you are conspiring with for your own personal gain .

Are u taking questions about Democrats   loosing!Haha can't wait till ur all gone! Pls keep up UR BS so Democrats keep losing! Good riddens!

BOYCOTT PODCAST WARREN AND BERNIE
Take Questions on why your communist
Why don't you pay your own staffers a "livng wage"? #Hypocrite
Oh man wasn't it hilarious when all of Hollywood and 60 million democrat dollars still cost u the Georgian seat!!!!
You both are an embarrassment to our country. Warren is gone next election.  Bernie we should let the less fortunate take over your assets

How do u know what's in it if u haven't seen it. Ur such liars!!!
Obamacare was the worse, I work and so does an ex Marine who can't afford the premiums of $2500.00 a month,it's obscene so we have none.
Hey Bernie, tell your buddy Pocahontas that Karen Handel is a WINNER. Democrats still LOSING. MAGA We love winning.
Anyone who supports Bernie Sanders is a failure in life with a need to share in the success of others. Socialism has not and will not work.
so u must have liked obamers health plan..that's why  is a total bust
Wow...you should call this "1 hour with 2 Marxists" that's the appropriate name.
Who would listen you and Pocahontas a couple of communist #dipshitliberals
Our oath requires a stop to his anti American values. How many bills have you passed in 25 years? Resign you #Cuck 3 houses? 3? #WalkTheWalk
heard this, it was very depressing, maybe humankind deserves to be eradicated
Bernie sucks Warren bung hole.
the richest country in the world is also the only country who's too poor to afford National Healthcare
Trump has sabotaged Obamacare so badly I fear it can't be salvaged
Just subscribed to your podcast Senator Sanders!!  Will be listening
#berniewarren2020
And Obamacare is ok?
How do u know it's disastrous if u r in the meetings putting it together? Oh never mind, it not socialism so it disastrous. Got it
How can these 2 possibly comment on a health care plan they claim they have never seen?
Neither has seen it, How the hello would they know ? are they crystal ball readers??
Maybe Sanders shouldn't have gone negative on HRC and we wouldn't be dealing with this now.
Wow this has to be a great episode! Two clueless people talking about a topic they know nothing about. A riveting hour I am sure....
Feel the bern with faux-cohantas. Idiots
Fakecast! Will not watch a socialist whose only interest is socialism bash GOP when you ppl told us we had to pass it to see whats in it!!!
Oh and i forgot kkk nazi
Bernie, please be my adopted uncle
(D) are Dangerous demagogues! You can't overturn society with violence. (D) #resist is centralized Tyranny & (D) won't gain power in 2018
Did Liz take Her knife out of Ur Back??
Watch out, #Bernie Backstabbers are only powerful when your back is turned
Liz is Checking out his Back!!
and Obamacare was wonderful!!! Yea right NOT. You're all full of it. Even Clinton said Obamacare sucked
no need for a podcast post a link to the PDF file that contains bill so we can read it ourselves, u answering ?'s when u dont know wont help
How can I answer any questions when they complain that they don't know what's in the bill?
Tell me about your three houses. Way to live a Spartan lifestyle.
Bernie the first 2 questions,Why are the Republicans Hiding there Health Plan,2,Why would President Trump call it mean.. Let's Go
nope
How can you answer except with prejudice and bias..you don't know what in it !!!!
They haven't seen it. Lol
Hey Bernie, Venezuela called. They like your ideas and want you to join their govt.
Is this from the Onion?
A Commie and a mad dog Redskin. This should be good.
I think I'd rather stick ice picks in my ears
If Congress&trump is willing to sign up their family for trumpcare, then Count Me In. If not get back to work..

What's in it Bernie?  Thought you said you haven't seen it...liar!
Bernie, I love the fact that you have a podcast. Communication is a key ingredient in building a movement. You understand young people!

you won't answer to people got hosed by Obamacare. Here's a thought expand Medicaid in all states,all insurance must offer policy by law.
Can the show be called Pocahontas and me
Jewish man berns with Native American
Do you drink lemon juice in place of coffee in the morning
Did you talk about how you don't pay your interns a living wage and how warren pays females less?
The Bernie and Goofy show!
Oh good lord...2 leftists fighting to see which leftist can be more leftist!
Especially when you say we need to fight and not small something big. 1000s will die. I heard this podcast and FB live u shld be in jail
You shld be jailed for promoting riots this podcast is pure hate, another 1 of ur followers is gonna get the wrong idea
Liar!
You need to stop promoting hate we all need to come together. You shld be mad at the H.Clinton Crew for throwing out ballots that were 4 you
Sanders and Warren know nothing about it!  They are just trying to scare their liberal voters!  Democrats are liiars!
U2 morons claim Obama care is great, but it's a disaster so if you claim something is a disaster it must be great
I can't get it because I have an android phone 
Nothing positive huh!
If it werent for you....
Cmon Bernie. And Obamacare wasn't disastrous???  Tell the people the truth
Not trying to throw cold water on the program, but I don't think anybody has seen the bill yet. Isn't that what all The complaining is about
.@pdxbrocialite - have you listened to this podcast? Thought it was a joke but it's not...
Not yet, anything new in it?
It is what you would expect. But hot damn, Bernie has a podcast
The Bern Dog!!!!
Can't wait for him to read promos for Me Undies
Will you be taking questions on the already proven disastrous #Obamacare Which one of you clowns is sending my check for $2500/yr in savings
I have a question. When are you gonna give it up?
. U.S.A. TRUE President and vice President!!
Take all the questions you want old man the taxpayers spoke we voted for Trump now we're going to vote for #TermLimits
The only thing worse than the GOP Healthcare plan is Obamacare.
Your podcasts are awesome Bern but I'd love it if you spoke into the microphone more regularly. Struggling to hear you over here in the UK 
You forgot the original, Barney.
you are soooo full of it
Did u vote against the russia sanctions?
Make this available on all devices. Some people dont have itunes, for good reason.
Do you not have Google either?
Thanx, good lookin out.
Currently to payoff national debt every man woman and child would owe $60000
New Podcast: Bernie and Liz blow as much smoke up Americans asses as possible without having a stroke. Don't forget to pace yourselves.
