It’s been 16 yrs since Congress passed the existing AUMF after 9/11, but yr after yr, Congress refuses to re-examine this outdated policy.
.@RandPaul is fighting for an amendment to the annual defense bill that would repeal the AUMF & give Congress six months to replace it.
It’s long past time for Congress to do right by our troops & the American people, which is why I’m supporting @RandPaul’s AUMF amendment.
No Debate.The agreement is between the soldier and the US Government at the time when the enlistment papers are signed and Oath taken.
American owes them everything. They should come before illegals and refugees.
war=$$$.  $$$ buys politicians. politicians vote to continue war. war=$$$.  $$$ buys politicians. politicians vote to continue war. war=$$$
We need to respect and trust our military leaders to take the appropriate actions. The military is not a democracy.
VA has higher approval ratings than private health insurance.
Medicare is even higher.
Send congressional families first, then we'll talk.
Let's investigate Benghazi first... your friend HRC didn't stop to debate before she allowed them to be murdered.
Well if the repubs didn't cancel the more security there, Benghazi would of never happened. Research it big mouth.
Haaa you are so delusional... such a typical uneducated dem! Get your facts straight and don't get them from CNN! Warren is such a waste!
How can Trump get away with all his Dirty talk, he should be Locked up!
Absolutely! At minimum! Especially when the government does not adequately, if at all, take care of our returning wounded!!
WOW! Really Pocahontas... Hillary sure is racking up on her BS Book! I guess we should just pay lil kim $ like Obama HUH?
agreed. as long as you don't vote
Amen! !!!!
Because you support Bernie I will not be supporting you period
Umm, we are gonna need every1 on board for 2018. Independent voters are growing, and dems are going to have to appeal to them to win
I don't have 2 appeal 2 anyone just saying let's be clear democrats R the majority in this country period but Republiscums steal elections
You don't have to, but dems better, or We'll still be livin in the land of trump. It's gonna take unity, not dibision.
We are to divided to unite that's the reality I for one will never support independents/green/libertarian parties period
Registration has grown enormously. Dems have to be smart, not so dogmatic, inflexible or unforgiving. Unity or lose.
I understand all that Jackie but Republiscums have been stealing elections since let's see 2000 until that's dealt with we all lose period
I know, and agree. But we have to find a way to beat them anyhow. It can be done if the left united.
No debate needed,have Warren invite her handlers,ISIS over for tea.
Congress owes us a hell of a lot more than any representative gives us.  There's no accountability with politicians, especially democrats
What world do you live in? Do you believe that your inaction since 9/11 instills fear in those that would do us harm. Oh you are a Princess
Then give them and the elderly what you have as health care

Elizabeth what do u want 2 do give up 2 the n korens
You are about 12 years late
Congress should authorize military action not the WH.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/12/benghazi-state-department-contractor-dumped/amp/ … Congress also needs to explain Benghazi, truthfully this time.
God - Morgan!
Please run for POTUS
Congress owes veterans a lot more say in everything.  The VA has been "managing" Veteran's care, good or bad, and Congress endorses it.
Lmao.. democrats hate the military.. and this country...
The only thing Congress needs to debate is for the best protection a service member needs to do their job. The for healthcare and benefits.
Where were you the last 8 years? Trying to remember if you called for that under Obama when friends of mine were sent back but promised else
Dems push whatever they don't want to believe out of their so called minds
Congress owes us a complete investigation into the slaughtering of a ambassador and his security detail. You in?
And haven't there been nine investigations already? Eight at least?
Not interested
You said you wanted a congressional investigation but then say you're not interested that there have already been several? Are you alright?
Thought you were trying to hookup.
I like people with faces.
@EdMurray4Mayor is looking
I agree with that
Common sense needs no debate. If need be to survive use full military force. How stupid can left politicians be
So you think that Benghazi needs another investigation, but a war does not....
Senator, when a person joins the military they are signing a blank check to their country for their lives.
Politicians like Warren politicize war and render the US, the most powerful military in the world inaffective
We would be lost before you got your head out of your after thought
Well we finally agree on something.  Now bring the troops home from the Mid East!!!!
Absolutely
Sad that politicians have better benefits than soldiers and marines who have given everything while politicians eat and live high on the hog
help troops by fixing the VA or extend benefits to all honorably discharged members like congress gets.
Uh, no they don't. They volunteered to follow orders and "to perform all duties thereunto pertaining" which means going to war if called to.
Like they did in Libya?
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And yet, You politicians stand in the way of Veterans getting what is owed to them.  You are such a loony hypocrite!
BS we will all be in harms way if left for you to debate!
Especially if the order is coming from delusional, mentally ill Trump. #25thAmendmentNow
If you want to be POTUS, crow will be served under glass each week during your term.
Chief Sitting Bullshit
Bring ALL our troops home. ENOUGH!
AND every one of the BILLIONS of war & terrorist victim's blood & suffering is on USAvage DC=Despicable Criminals hands. SHAME & POX ON YOU!
BTW: USAvages Bro in Arms al Queda(al CIAda) Daesh-ISIS terrorist are AngloAmerican "defence" forces at war for u:
Why didn't Obama seek it?
Our military is all voluntary.  We are trained an paid. To protect our country.  Our family's know that.
USAvages r Worlds Serial Rapist-Murderer. Nuremberg hangings & build 4 walls around USAvaglandia for 50yrs rehab is overdue. PURE EVIL SCUM
The world & their families require USAvage morally bankrupt, perpetual war criminal, LAWLESS BARBARIANS to quit your depraved war addiction
Were you worried about the boys in Benghazi when Hillary and obama let them die because of politics
You have no credibility and no accomplishments! Further your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!
Are you referring to the north Korea situation. Cause if you guys haven't talked about it yet you must be asleep
Be #mypresident
War for profit ($ to the B of D of large def contractors ex. Boeing) must end now. They get rich while folks get killed.
Don't you dare!!!  My brother and his daughter and her husband have all served this country. PRESIDENTIAL AUTHORITY!!!
Easy Pocahontas
War Pigs
 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQUXuQ6Zd9w&sns=em …


Mmmm the hypocracy of the Pharisees - never heard a complain when Obama sent troops to Lybia by Democratic hypocrites Matt 23:1-4
Unless obama does it. Then it's ok 
Don't talk about the troops, you no nothing about truly serving your country. You are a con artist
Could you just shut up?
Better left to the commander in chief
That's the DUMBEST thing I've read all day.  Seriously why are you even a politician?  Clueless as they come.
I hope beth W. Gets run over.  God, i hate her and the HILLARY!!
You really should take a long leave from work, the job you don't work at anyway! And write another book, maybe get a idea from Hillary
Agreed @SenWarren, the Constitution requires a Declaration of War by the Congress. Hasn't happened since WWII.
Let's see if you really mean what you say?
Hey. Who let you out of your teepee. Damn turn your back for one second she escapes and gives here stupid who cares opinion.
Why now are you so concerned? IS IT ELECTION TIME? Youv'e said this nonsense for way to long...hmmm...never did anything though.
The US has been at war almost continually since 1776. In 236 years we have been in some type of conflict for 214 years or ~90% of the time.
Double edged sword sometimes unilaterally deciding to send troops somewhere is in America's best interest.  Sometimes not.
Too little too late. Too many phonys like you lizzie
Stop being a hypocrite, and actually show that you care through your actions.. we are tired of the lip service..
Congress owed the troops, & families better wages, & healthcare 4 years. where were you back then. oh, thts right.. Obama could do no wrong.
YOU LIVE OFF THE TAXPAYER DIME AND ARE A MULTI MILLIONAIRE. GIVE UP YOUR SALARY LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP DID. TAKE YOUR MEDS LIZZY
We DJT supporters wouldn't trust u, Pocahontas, in deciding anything to do with our military! #MAGA @realDonaldJTrump

Now u want to authorize the use of military??? Not when Obama sent our troops in with there god damm hand tied!!!! Hypocrite
In the meantime, duck
Please push to increase disability pay, to a living pay.  Many disabled get less than minimum wage workers.
Airhead!
Absolutely correct. These aren't toy soldiers.
Hmm you mean like with bows and,arrows?  You know nothing about military. Sit down and shit up!!!!!
You are nuts they are in the military this is not a field trip they do what there told the military doesn't have to ask daddy if they can go
Let's just agree NOT to send troops into impossible situations we know NOTHING about:and based on lies!!
as a USN Vet (1972-1976) you don't care about the military and we don't care what you think, please run Liz or should i say Fritz Mondale
What,why did they join the service,your nuts
Baloney!! While you imbeciles in Congress 'debate', our soldiers DIE!
Just go a way
Especially with a Trump as Pres
Our soldiers and their spouses know the phone can ring at any time and it could be wheels up for that soldier in just hours.
You supported Clinton, a war mongering shill. Are you serious?
Huh? What debate? Our military goes where they are told, when they are told without a discussion first.
Sen.Warren 120% correct! Military people's lives must be protected by advocates in Congress. They're not sacrificial lambs or guineas pigs!
@Smokes_Angel piss off pokyhauntus
That isn't how it works Liz. You cannot give the enemy the upper hand by telling them what we're going to do. Learn some wartime strategy.
Except when simpletons like you are debating. Get help for your daddy issues Lizzy
Let's not change something that has functioned well for generations.
Get us the hell out of the Middle East and Afghanistan.
They go where they are sent. It's their job.
"Whoever walks w/ the wise becomes wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm" Prov 13:20

It is import 2 choose colleagues carefully
So now, congress wants to finally earn their money?
All due respect to our military families but are they now qualified to decide when or if this country goes to war?? You're not very bright.
How about bringing them home?
Resign Liarwatha Fauxihontas
Y. Z1;zeq1?,
@00
P
Agreed
Hey lady, the military's families understood the deal when they became military families. There is no debate.
Allow our military to do their job within timeframes needed to protect or there will be no congress!
Yes
For once, I agree with SENATOR WARREN. The constitution requires congress to authorize war!
They don't care...they and their kids aren't at risk.  #NeverServed
How long have you been there, and you're just NOW saying this? Unreal.
Congress owes our troops & their families a full debate to authorize the use of military force before we send them into harm’s way.
Yes, I agree or it will be like VietNam all over again. "Or the weapons of mass destruction" ploy all over again. We forgive but not forget.
"Congress owes troops full debate 2 authorize military force B4 we send them into harm’s way" Yes! Policy: Stand Clear of Tribal Messes. @AP
Congress owes the american people a debate about you people squander our $. How many millions do you have tucked away?
Want to send a clear message? Don't enlist.
As a retired soldier, I wholeheartedly agree.
How about instead we just not go into random countries and kill civilians.  How about that?
You guys have made Congress a useless platform for partisan posturing. Where was interest in AUMF under Obama? You are irrelevant.
...Said nobody from the left when Obama sent troops in harms way. Better idea is all congressppl voting to send trps must send their kin 1st
Shut up you know nothing liberal mouth jockey. Congress, both dems and repubs can't get anything done. Inflated egos needing reassurance 
Hey
As required by the constitution btw
It's there Job Sen Warren or did u 4gwt what we all signed up 4 we have 2 stop being so sensitive. Peace in strength.
Guess that didn't work out for you, #termlimits 
#MAGA
Probably the first and last time I'll ever agree with the Albino Indian.
No its not a real good military strategy
I'll have whatever she's smoking please 
But our 'leaders' want privatized armies. It's crazy. The path towards tyranny.
You owe the people on when our stolen AS money will be returned
Including truth about just who profits from the MIC.
Thank you. Mz. Warren!
That's not how this works Liz.  How the hell did you get to be a Senator? Oh yeah, deceit and lies.
Youre full debates have gotten us nowhere! I can say no one wants to send troops into harms way! You had your chance & we got Bengarze!
Elizabeth Warren needs to be waterboarded in a bucket of shit like that racebaiter Obama.
With all due respect, we owe them leadership that doesn't require debating the obvious. We must sweep in 2018-2020.
http://Sixpercent.org 
@HillaryClinkon That's the right way it's hard to send troops in to war for any reason
@JulianAssange
Politicians need to get out of the military's way! Let them decide the ROE not some political hack in DC.
You should have run with Clinton. Do the right thing in 2020 or SOONER!!!!
Couldn't agree more
I agree.... Military force should only be used in National Defense. By a .75% agreement of Congress. Do you jobs
You pass a term limit law on you and your cronies , then we can talk about your idea.
#MAGA #ALTLEFT #DEMSAREBAD
The one thing you "Pocahontas" and @7eleven have in common is they are both open. They can be open you can shut your trap
Oh, like that thing we always talk about says...the Constitution
Maybe we should ask all members of the military to vote on going to war. Those who vote no can stay home in prison for violating their oath.
You betcha!!
Who debates Congress? Who declares war? Congress! I believe those that campaign to be POTUS should not stay in Congress Anger of loss is bad
Call UR Senator to support RPaul's Amend to close out old wars we fought in '02-03.
Refocus/redefined EXACTLY WHO &WHAT we are fighting now?
Agreed Ms Warren to your comments. But question: do we do nothing about defending our beloved nation?
Any military action is putting anyone in harms way. Why not have you scope the area first let us know if safe since you think you know
People enlist! They have some idea what they're job is! Or they shouldn't be in the military!
Or just STOP FUCKING ATTACKING OTHER COUNTRIES!
Congress abdicated that power to the executive when they passed the war powers act. If you introduce legislation repealing that, i'm in.
Where were you for the past 8 years in this? You seem pretty okay with rubber stamping whatever Obama wanted, why the change?
I'm voting against this nutcase #mapoli
Where still at war dumb ass he doesn't need approval
That would mean you have military control.....DROP DEAD.
Could we also not end the ADA  that helps us when we return?
What?!  Soldiers don't get to debate on whether they'll go to war or not.
It should never be for financial gain; taking resources like oil and minerals, while offering military lives as compensation.
Where are they going? Know something we don't?
Yea Lizzie let the enemy know how to ambush them, right? Get your war philosophy right . U r armchair fighter
Where were you for Benghazi???
The military's job is to carry out the military objective set by Congress and the President.
true maybe you guys should restart the draft up
Did you forget BabyBush gotno approval just sent them in
Thank you SenWarren.
Exactly so investigate Benghazi 2 fullest extent & explain 2 parents what hell happened & why U can't pick/chose troops 2 care about or not
The Korean War is still technically on going so debate over.
Absolutely! How many front line soldiers are children of Congressmen?
That's correct
Disabled Women Veterans in FortBragg/FayettevilleNC fully agree..Too many return with injuries that rob them of life enjoyment/productivity
what is congress waiting for ?
Congress owes our troops and their families a life time of medical,money,housing,etc. Forever is Congress in debit to them!
Chief wannabe Warren is not only grossly incompetent, but grossly idiotic as well!
