Who killed Seth Rich?
Then why did you allow it for all these years?
Tell that to @HillaryClinton
Very true! I work in Financial Services and I approve the regulations put in place to stop the abuse. These actions damage the industry!
Unless your a senator. How else does someone become a millionaire on a public servants salary.
And you're the nobody, so clam up! Get a life and out of politics! Immediately! Don't pass go and don't collect $200!
Yes an Congress senators and corp or gov employees etc. are trading on insider information every day
I guess they just don't get it
I thought we learned our lesson with NASDAC crash 16yrs ago!!
We are ALL nobodies to @POTUS , he is above us all,,,,,,, uhhhh, not
Partners in crime riddled WH. Greed &avarice. Open for business- grab it, hide it, and run away to enjoy what you stole from us taxpayers.
Omg!!!! Calm down you liar!
Your the new face of the DNC
You should know. Insider X on American Indian POCAHONTAS
Watch out for the MAGAts, Sen.
Cherokee Indian would know about trading I guesd
we know politicians do this all the time! Investigate Seth Richards
Psst psst, do not  tell @NancyPelosi  @SenFeinstein
your staff must be writing this drivel. you can't possibly be this ignorant, can you?
Then stop doing it
So you should stop doing it already.
If he doesn't believe that, he can ask Martha Stewart,  he's accommodations in prison may be better for him
Did you tell that to Obama ? LOL
so you're going to change the law so Congressmen can't participate in insider trading? Or is this just more of your bs?
praying that hecgets,removed
Accusing people of criminal activity without proof is also a crime
Wow again ur talking about crooked Hilary n low life OBAMA now this er ur friends u have been playing with in the sand box , ur nasty woman
Naturally. Every one knows that.
Well you should just stop it all the money u got i know we dont pay u that much for spewing hate to all the kids
Then why have so many congressmen got away with it? Why aren't they being charged?
Not for congress
DO LIKE SENATOR LIZ WARREN, JUST LIE ON FORMS ABOUT YOUR HERITAGE TO ADVANCE YOUR CAREER, ESPECIALLY IF YOUR NOBODY? SAD SENATOR LIED.
But if you're really rich the cops won't care.
Can't individual States Attorney's issue subpoena's to get to the bottom of things?
Someone tell that to tom price!
Yes it is... esp when U hire your "family" into a high Public Office w NO experience? Smells bad = IS BAD
You forgot to mention how Congress has exempted itself.  Shameless liars have dark souls.
It's ok if you don't get caught, right Democrats?
Except if you're a legislator. Why is it they always end up richer than before they became a politician?
Unless you are in the Congress or Senate where it legal.  Just for politicians.. right Liz? Please respond, bet you won't.  Ask Pelosi
Do the Clinton winning trades in pork bellies qualify? NO ONE makes money like that in PB's, having never traded before unless....
Tell that to Pelosi
Completely agree 
28 house members and 6 Senators traded over 100 stocks the past two years before Trump was elected.
Martha Stewart knows
your colleagues in senate & house know that & do it anyway
now if I did it, I'd be in prison, right?
but not them
gotta ask WTF?
I could careless what trump and others in Washington is doing with wall street and all that bs when our national security is at risk
Does Nancy Pelosi and "Apple" sound familiar?
Your so delusional democratic party corruption trump is the best since Reagan! You go trump you need to be voted out!
RIGHT! If a private citizen committed insider trading they would be in jail We should hold government officials to an even higher standard
Government must press charges against Price What he is getting away with is an abomination
Cough trump family and Kushner family cough
If Martha Stewart went to jail,  Tom Price should be wearing orange right now.
Yeah...she's the wrong gender that's why she had to go...
Please re read your tweet.
Tell that to Nancy
Fortunately, pretending to be a Native American when you're just another paleface is legal.
What's the legality on exploiting affirmative action through 'Native American heritage' lie?
Gimme a break! Tracing one's heritage is hardly "exploitation." Hyperbole is NOT a good look.
Yea.  Do you hear that @NancyPelosi?
Are you listening @MaxineWaters?
Pocahontas!
.Is anything illegal anymore??? #treason #emolumentsclause #confidentiality
Except congress for some reason...? Or has that been fixed?
Especially with State secrets
How did you make your millions as a public servant?
Liz- Do you remember when we used to dance & incidents arose from circumstance? Cause its the heat of the moment, heat of the moment #Asia
Aren't Congress given a free pass on that though? Seems a lot of things Congress whines about they do and are immune
Only thing is, for members of congress and senators, it's NOT illegal. Fix that please.
Well said.
You should know, your day is coming!
So the deal you made with Clinton during the primary...?
Did you think we were gonna forget?
everything he does is illegal
Maybe you should Google the word illegal before you try to use it in a sentence.
sure I do. I work in the field. Get an education and growth up
Oops. Should have said grow up 
