stand united with the Democrats in Congress and do the right thing. Boycott inauguration
Once a liar always a liar, You lied about ethnic background to better your self financially!You should resign and give back all $
Senator Warren has never been in trouble for lying about her ethnic background. That is a republican lie. Proof?
Seriously.  Only idiots continue to repeat that whole Pocahontas lie.  #smh
Well tell us Warren is this true or not? LOOK into Public records ITS TRUE!
You Trumpkins should stop lying....READ... IT'S NOT ILLEGAL YET
yeah, but when you read Breitbart, this is the kind of stuff you learn
I try not to reply to people that read Breitbart...they're delusional.
haha great minds think alike
absolutely happy to share any and all of my experiences. Been through it all, from victim to helping prosecute.
I co-authored a Harvard study based on interviews w/ foreclosure king and I was a pred lend victim 1st so had insight
Warren = LIE
@grumpymoochie @USTreasury do not go to that inauguration. We need leadership. #theresistance
She REALLY bugs you, huh?  Why might that be?
Never mind they didn't have a job because of OBAMA"s bad policies.
stand up to the bully boycott presidential inauguration
what r ur thoughts on ocwen?
Love you Sen Warren. You are an inspiration.. If you can keep fighting so can I.
I think we need to see your tax returns and how you invest!
But you care nothing of seeing Trump's. Got it.
You said that Not me! This is how you do it  to avoid the FACTS! I think they call it pivot? I call it not knowing FACTS!
You hate everyone that isn't democrap. Guess what? You aren't getting any of those in the cabinet.
---   why did multi-millionaire Elizabeth Warren vote against AUDIT THE FED?  http://ia600805.us.archive.org/13/items/ElizabethWarrenSenatePfd/ElizabethWarrenSenateCampaignDisclosure.pdf …
yes! Make it a trial.
since you're so big on banks, ask @Chase why they require me to have 3 credit cards to qualify for a mortgage
We have shared your feedback to help improve our policies and procedures moving forward. ^MS
I find it offensive that you dem's pass laws that allow your families to get rich&all u care is about u. Nope ur out
You do know that foreclosures can only happen after borrowers fail to pay their mortgage, right?
Why is he called the foreclosure king and what illegal acts is he likely guilty of? Should he be prosecuted?
talk about fake news, Warren do you ever look inn the mirror, you lied to get into college, lied to get a job... sad
proof?
She should have been required to show proof to get her jobs. Simple DNA test
why? Did you provide DNA to get your job? Did the republicans? Nope. Why should she be special?
PROOF
but if DNA isn't required to get a job why should she be so glad out?
@tawanda46 Trump Business Practices Tainted of All That Payed His Price...As Others Look Up To Him With Comprise Eyes
I seem to recall you have plenty of experience with buying foreclosed property and selling it at a profit.
They wouldn't be in Foreclosure iF the DEMs knew how to have a good economy & stop killing jobs
please tell the people how much YOU made from foreclosures and tell us how much SOROS is giving you! @transition2017 @USTreasury
Lizzy you Tweet crap and have few followers You were dismissed by Hillary Now we the people laugh at you and dismiss you
All of DJT picks R toxic and signal a clear bias in opposition to common sense for the position. Puts US in danger
And how many Houses did you buy & Flip to pad your pockets ?? Pot calling the Kettle Black I Believe. MASSACHUSETTS
we should hear from the victims of corporate greed. They were sold out, humiliated and trampled on. Hear their voices
what about YOUR history with profiting from foreclosure,  chief?
so glad you are drilling Trump's totally corrupt nominees!
Nothing is okay for you poor Dems! Get over it.
Well looking at the rest of Trumps toxic cabinet why should Mnuchin be any different?

wish she would tell us the rest of the story.
you should give it a rest. You're gonna be jobless anyways after Trump is in office. Bye 🖑
will never be President or more than a Sen. Your whole personality is one of a nasty Bully spewing hate https://youtu.be/VFFl2BRPo90 
@realDonaldTrump @foxnews Liz, you REALLY need to get on the TrumpTrain or get the heck gone. Be part of the solution not problem
People who live in glass house should not throw stones. How!
House flipping hypocrite @SenWarren 's time as useful idiot has expired. Time for liarwatha to be relegated to Senate Stooge... oh, wait.
So Lizzy, is this your statement or your 1/32 native America personality talking? Anything to get ahead right?
@realDonaldTrump threatens Americans       confidence the press, institutions, and decency in mankind
thank you for all you do. Please keep fighting for all of us!
: @elizabethforma made $ flipping houses, profiting off human misery during financial crash. #fauxcahontas lefty fraud
Thank you Senator for your service and for continuing your fight for justice and against corruption. Our voice 
Being a banker for a couple of decades, I have welcomed your regulations.This scumbag makes me sick!I #theresistance
I couldn't agree more!!
Pls support humanitarian activities in africa. Visit our go fund page

http://gofundme.com/humane-hearts-foundation …
all of @realDonaldTrump cabinet picks are horrible. Keep up the fight SenatorWarren. We are with you in spirit!!!
#AMEN!!!!
you are a freaking drama queen.  What about your bias  I promise you have caused more suffering backing Obamacare
u back job killing regulations under obamas administration. Quit trying to act like you care
when you push for government control.  And your ultimate goal  makes you look stupid when u act like u care about us
I think we need to hear from people who actually had to pay for Obamacare and hold you responsible
@USTreasuryhowcan you have a negative comment to every single choice made by an opposing party? Bipatisanship at its finest.
please don't stop fighting. So scared.
stand up and fight Senator.

and the politicians that pushed them to make loans available to ppl that could not afford it for social engineering.
You flipped houses! You took advantage of foreclosed homes for your own profit! Talk about first hand knowledge!
Senator, you are an amazing whirlwind of brains, heart & energy. Thank you for being right on.
Like you who took advantage of the foreclosures?

well said!
; Don't waste your time Warren. Mnuchin is a highly competent intellectual giant. You have zero experience in finance.
excellent idea!

#IBM is King @GinniRometty Senator you have proof I sent  you did zero
how much money did you make Poco?
we should hear from native Americans what it is like to really be an Indian
Remember that time a Democrat decided not to prosecute him for thousands of violations? What makes him so bad NOW?
you shouldn't talk you Oklahoma forclosure queen
Grove Parc Plaza << product of corrupt Chicago politicians
thank you for all u do. I have a special needs daughter and gay daughter. Quite terrified of the incoming president
<<<  >>> Soros
Might want to ask your new colleague in the Senate why she failed to prosecute in CA. NV full of his victims, too.
you are so disingenuous with how you are twisting the facts.  How about you take an Ethics course!?
Run in 2020, PLEASE!
Explain how a public servant becomes a multi millionaire? Wasn't it from Foreclosures? Pot or Kettle?
Did Hillary's selling 20% of US uranium to a Russian and Obama sending more to Iran qualify them?They qualify for treason charges
you mean like @KamalaHarris who refused to prosecute his banks after taking large sums of money from its PAC?
of note @KamalaHarris also ran her campaign on Soros dime: one of 4 owners of OneWest who made $3.4bil from the deal.
then return the money you took from his partner in the bank,George soros.
Please, ACA IS in every news: use it to instruct the public of it benefits and how they will suffer without it.
is there a reason we wouldn't? @MAHAMOSA @USTreasury
you populists have one job. Get re-elected . Don't screw it up !

U are the expert on foreclosure, the banks foreclosed on public, Gov. gives banks bailout?  Congress is corrupt!

you were there profiteering off those foreclosures @USTreasury
People bought houses they new they couldn't afford hoping they would keep appreciating. They signed the docs!
If being Fauxcahontist makes u a better Senator, we should speak to more of ur tribe for the real story
you like foreclosures remember all the homes poor lost then u flipped them?
Trump plans to loot the coffers of America in another economic crash and put an inside man in treasury to aid heist
ok Pocahontas
I thought you were the foreclosure queen!! Pathetic
@ustreasury@dacullington.Sen Warren, please ask homeowners like us to witness against Wilbur Ross's abusive foreclosure practices
THANK YOU FOR BUSTING THE SCOUNDRELS
Perfectly stated. You continue to be my hero. #TrumpNoire
Make me a sandwich.
shut up
I SECOND HIS COMMAND!
I DID NOT KNOW U STAY AFTER HRC LOST!  SHE NEVER DREAMED WHOUSE COULD MAKE IT W/O HER AT HELM!
Thank you for fighting for us.
MUNCHKIN
So many comments to you don't address the main issues the cabinet pics have. They learned Trump's bad behaviors-sad.
It is deflection using false and nasty words instead of them trying to justify the person qualify.
Indeed!
#TravelersInsurance and #SenWarren limited lawsuits on #mesothelioma She cares about insurance companies, not you!
Elizabeth Warren and her husband are the true #ForeclosureKings and all talk but zero action on #StudentLoans
You're a total #racist and #fraud #HighCheekBones #Pocahontas #Liar #Phony Show us all your #Harvard application
Senator theAmerican people have the absolute right to see DT tax statement B4 he destroys this country's sovereignty
How about explaining who, or which, government position you managed to get 14.5 million dollars in Y our pocket?
Cut from the same cloth (manufactured in China) as his boss to be. They have plenty in common.
Quite clear that @realDonaldTrump is pumping sewage INTO the Washington swamp.. :-/ @USTreasury
looking for a scalpe liz?
EW Doing a great job exposing the robber barons bullshit trickle down economics & fighting for Main Street not the 2%
thankyou so very much my prayers are with you always
you know very well Federal law stops him from giving account information to dispute their testimony unless they give permission.
didn't you make money on foreclosures
you had the chance of a lifetime and you squandered it for Hillary.

#StillSanders
A resource-based economy can end politics and fighting. Those people don't exist in something like the Venus Project.
Surprise! The Leftist hero of the working class is filthy rich. Two nice Mansions you Own
keep fighting Warren.  We need more like you to represent those who pay the price of the banking crooks.
Yes we should, can you make this happen?
These bad loans were made b4 he took office.  Go after TBTF bank chiefs who actually caused '08 crisis!

Yes Mam! Let the people talk!
Wow princesess,,your certainly not Ted Kennedy he got things done for Ma by working with both party's
I hope so....
Yes like U Sen who swooped in & bought up those foreclosures & flipped them for a tidy profit. Go Capitalism Oh wait you didn't build that
excellent suggestion.  Will it happen?
so it's okay not to pay my mortgage,  thanks
Didn't you pick up some distressed properties and flip them?  #hypocrisy
well said. This man should not be allowed to serve.
You buy, you pay. No pay, foreclosure! What do Libs expect. Remember 2008 and the housing problem.
YES!!!!
Keep at it Senator! You are our only Hope!
#SenatorWarren is a liar, cheat, theif & a fraud. End #CareerPoliticians set #TermLimits @realDonaldTrump @MSNBC @ABC
Thanks for chiming in, Lieawatha.  @USTreasury
And HOW MUCH did YOU make on the houses YOU bought up & FLIPPED? Are YOU the "HYPOCRITE QUEEN"? MIRROR CHECK!
@carolh747 @USTreasury Thanks her party's policies&pushes, housing market collapsed. They need 2 look within & not at scapegoats.
When Trump was questioned about profiting from foreclosures,  he said, "Im sorry you lost,  but im in business."
I wonder who became rich by flipping foreclosure homes taking advantage of home owners
Looks like with new hostility to private rentals and direction to mortgage lenders UK landlords may face insolvency, foreclosure
Give Em Hell Elizabeth!
Trump is the biggest liar of them all and his associates are liars too..Birds of a feather flock ..........u know
@SteddumDebbie came close
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Indeed - only fair!
> @SenWarren @USTreasury 

.
No extension for Trump violating Constitutional  Emoluments Clause , his disrespect for Constitution is a crime!
He benefited from the misery of all those family's. Maybe he should try and help those family's b4 we give him pwr.
You supported Hillary. Nuff said.
She should donate her pay check to Native american causes, to repent for lying about her heritage.
Better Q:which institution underwrote these defaulted loans.Did theycomply wFannieMae,FreddieMac?
thank you senator!
how many foreclosures did you profit from in the housing crash?
Mnuchin aka Banker Potter from It's A Wonderful Life!
@realDonaldTrump is giving America a Goldman Shower!
Why don't they start fact checking the Drumpf live during these press conferences.
Pathological doesn't even compare
wanna hear first hand from the Cherokee genealogist who denies yur claim on native blood? PAY BACK WHAT U STOLE LYING
AWFUL.  Thanks, Sen Warren, for all you do!
Nobody made them sign the loan papers, Were they just supposed to let them live there for free.
Thank you for fighting for us! You are a true leader and voice for the people!!
i can't believe you are on the tax payers salary with such a controlling agenda rather than serving the americans shame on you
what's your problem, people don't make their payments they get foreclosed on! READ the loan Agreements!! It's the law
you sure have a hell of alot of audacity to critize anyone when you are one of Clintons thugs..
.@SenWarren @USTreasury This is TOTALLY IRRELEVANT to Am People..It's only Warren's feeble attempt to TRASH & Burn... NOTHING to benefit
keep fighting for us! We need you more than ever!
This coming from a fake indian is meaningless
.@SenWarren @USTreasury We need to review the Warren family's house flipping history...So we can see true HYPOCRISY
Oh Hunnie did you forget how you made your Money turning over houses?
Perhaps you'd like to share that with everyone
"Quick Flip". Hypocrit
he foreclosed on an elderly women over 27 cents.
People just don't get kicked out they have the opportunity to go to court and a judge decides.
um no the fucking banks & lenders decide  unless you file bankruptcy. Apparently you never owned a home
oh yes mam
Ahem, congress and the treasury  took full advantage of forclosures. People in glass houses. See you soon Senator.
Let's smoke some peace pipe and talk about Liz!
