Why is trump making excuses for late, lackadaisical response to Puerto Rico ? It's a rhetorical question ...
They have 10,000 men an women. Road access is almost impossible. No excuses. Just more press bull
Please clue us in on the timeline for when that happened.
They are there now. Have been there along with supplies. We are dealing with the island not a state connected to the main land
One word: aircraft
And where exactly do you feel they can land?
Luis Munoz Marin Int'l. Airport re-opened on Sept. 22 ...
Oh Liz.
Stop using the phone then and go help.  Hmmm only people complaining are the DEMS AND LIBS.  Shut up already.
I believe they had a natural disaster. Because it's a small island and this storm was gigantic. These worries are the norm
Stop whining and go in there and help yourself then. Teach them how to hunt like indians did.
You are a damn liar .    No one believes you Pocahontas. Your as credible as Susan rice!
As well they should be with a corrupt racist in charge of the rescue operation!
LOL.. You're killing me!
I am among those who have not heard from family and friends my heart is breaking for them
Go attempt to fix the problem now by the way how much money have you sent tell us
It took 11 days to get in contact and yes I sent money and no it's none of your business
The Mayor called for a mayday...im so heartbroken for them!!
The mayor was lying...she was standing right in front of the food and supplies
Right and it should have been distributed not sitting there. Not enough man power. She can't deliver that by herself!
Tell the people about this!
If the fake news media would report the truth, people wouldn't be so alarmed
 Yeah right!
Umm Ms. Senator person. I’m worried about my family in Fl and friends in Houston. But apparently you forgot about them.
all three of them, huh?
And then you hang up the phone...
She didn't mention she doesn't actually answer the phone herself, did she. I wouldn't be surprised if she isn't the one actually tweeting
Your a liar aren't you
dont get why PR is even part of your country they can’t even vote, they are just subjugated people let them go or officially make it a state
Never give up senator Warren it kills the trumpys to hear the truth. It must because their chubby leader never tells the truth.
You complain, yet you dont act. Senator warren, what day is your flight to Puerto Rico to aid in the effort scheduled for?

Agreed. He is not clean in this situation. He is an insensitive  ass though and that is what we expect. I expected more from Senator Warren.
Who cares what you think. Go away commie.
And you're doing what for them again?
I am desperately worried about u wasting time on twitter
Aren't you part of that Government?
Dem Mayor Blocking Food for Distribution to Make Trump Look Bad
City Mayor Blocking Food! #SickParty
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1320015924794123/ …
#bullshit
My family member went there to find his parents. They are safe n sound. Water, no electricity. He said 45% of gas stations are not open.
Pocohontas and her tribe is going to help

No worries lying San Juan mayor
I get calls about your heritage bullshit
Every day american citizens are being murdered by illegals
This is beyond reproach. I never hated anyone in my life but that word sums up my feelings about pres chump
And the Democrats continue to resist
Duh, here's barely any phone service. The help is great iver there with More coming!
Sure you do
#TRUTH Everyday I feel so, unsafe in MA #mapoli, because #bullies #racist @CambridgePolice LIARS lied still Win=#Court broken system unjust.
If you and yours will stay out of the way they will be taken care of
TX & FL have lots of electoral college votes & voted for Trump; PR has none! TX & FL have lots of wealthy people: PR not so many. #Trumpism
I'm sure u assure them that we Are doing an exceptional job says the Puerto Rican  government
How many times a day do you lie to us Americans?
So, what's the plan?

So are you going to start claiming your Puerto Rican now? Might have an easier time pulling that lie off.
That is incredible
DT is helping them in every way possible.Why do libs make stuff up then run with it like it's fact-Ms. Warren,get off ur butt&help! U refuse
Get down there and help.  Where is your donation?  How did you become a millionaire?
Here's an idea. How bout the dems go to Puerto Rico and work in the recovery effort. Deprive the majority of a quorum and look like idiots.
Why in the world would they call you?  You're not going to do anything.
So send them there to help.
Tell them Obama spent everything on Illegal Aliens and Ins companies...their infrastructure wasnt important.
Senator Warren, can you please answer this question: "Can a Vote of no confidence" remove Trump from office ?
And how many national guard has MA sent to help?
Elizabeth when are you going to Puerto Rico to help out?
Pres. Goofy can't get out of his own way.
Seabees and Core of Engineers can cut a 10 mile 4 lane highway in 24 hrs in a 2 canopy jungle when properly tasked and equipped...
#BigWater #RWRighteousness They don't realize Puerto Rico is "surrounded by Big water" WTF..? Send in Seabees, Army Core of Engineers.?
@realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer Self-Absorbed Trump doesn't have the compassion, ability, skills, exp. or people in place to deal with crises.
#Contest2016Election  This Administration #Deplorable It's clear Trump unprepared for North Korea attack NC he can't deal with PR
So when does your plane leave?
Ms. Warren why not go & see for yourself
What people need to know is you did a rain dance and created all this problem
Go help
Ask them to volunteer with the Red Cross, please. We're desperate for help. We only have #13k responders. Training ppl every day.
That's nice instead of denouncing this horrible action of the worst administration ever! Get the whole of ur caucus to all point this out
My #mow senior's son lost everything& she's not on internet He texts 1x a day& is beside herself when he can't. No house job $$ &has kids.
FYI, pochahontas,have you noticed you are totally irrelevant ?
Instead of phone calls get off your lazy ass and go help.  Duh.
You're such a liar
Better to bring many over to the mainland. We have labor shortage and PR will need years worth of proper rebuilding.
So then go check on them.  All you do is blah blah blah but nothing else.  GO WORK ON THE HEALTH CARE LAZY.
So why aren't u  in #PuertoRico helping? All talk.
Please donate
https://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/trumps-failed-puerto-rico-golf-course-has-cost-the-territorys-taxpayers-more-than-32-million/don't … forget part of puerto rico's debt is because of trump and one of his golf course schemes to the tune of $33m.
Don't worry @POTUS aka Golfer in Chief is on it...from golf course in Mara Lago! @billmaher @SenateGOP @maddow @FoxNews @lisamurkowski @CNN
What has been happening in regards to Puerto Rico is abhorrent! This would not happen with any other U.S. state.
Trump is a nightmare!
And what did you specifically do about it except tweet random observations about what needs to be fixed #captainobvious #donothingsenator
Go your ass there
Liar
Where have you been? Maria struck nine days ago? You posted nothing of any substance until 6 days later. Military was already there.
How about taking a real class on crisis management. You can't just send things in until ports are cleared and things are safe. Crisis 101.
@cmadmax NO WONDER, THEY KNOW THAT THERE STILL IS NO PLAN BY W H TO TAKE CARE OF THESE STARVING U S CITIZENS IN PUERTO RICO!
I'm calling BS on this one.
I work with two people with family there. Worried sick.
So what r u doing stop complaining.U going 2 give them $ 2 pay their billions in debt.cronyism got them in financial difficulty b4 hurricane
Trump thinks #PuertoRico is Mexican.
Send them to Chicago to help with all of the lost lives there too!
And you are a fake PATRIOT protecting fake president! One way or another Trump is going to jail! That's no threat that's reality!

Prayers and Love for Puerto Rico
Your a shame to the commonwealth!  What have you done,  nothing!@
She's been voicing her outrage for days. And what has Trump been doing? Bitching about the NFL! Hypocrite!

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
You can help by donating yourself and encouraging others to do the same, not by asking the government to spend others' money
Mayor of San Juan calling over 1 million people without drinking water still 'like a genocide.'
Wow you talk a lot. And really complain a lot too. I'm a truck driver let's go together and get something done. No more talk
crocodile tears
Help is there and on the way.
And you have done what ?
I can only imagine. I was worried about my kids in Houston and my brother in St. Petersburg too!
What have you done other than Twit about PR. Have you started a fundraiser? Have you gone there? No you just talk.

He didn't attack Gov, just mayor whose has picture taken standing in front of palettes of water while saying need water
While Trump goes golfing once again, the people of Puerto Rico are in crisis. He has spent more taxpayer money in 9 months traveling...
...mostly to his own properties than President Obama did in 8 YEARS! Trump is nothing but a sniveling, lying leach on this country.
Senator Warren can U please push 4 solar power when rebuilding in PR. Why try 2 fix their archaic system. Cheaper/more sense, espec. N mtns.
Might as well, may be difficult though as it needs to be restored asap and the number of people who would be qualified will be less :/
Get on a plane and start driving those tractor trailers.  STOP COMPLAINING AND BE PART OF THE SOLUTION. DRIVE A TRUCK, SAVE SOME LIVES.. HMM
Quit whining about it and do something. Typical politician
Sad
No need to pander for votes from Puerto Ricans. They're going to vote Democrat no matter what.
Go volunteer your big butt
Get off Twitter and do something about it!!
President golfing while people suffering what a disgrace
Go help.
It's all Donald Trumps fault
Do something
You better be running in 2020. Stop these fools.
This is a terrible, eight days! So sad!
Trump said this afternoon how GREAT of response PR has been ! B/c everybody says so! Bull*HIT! EVERYBODY WHO? Can we hear them?
I'm so worried for the Puerto Rican's.
Fake liberal@rhetoric
More Propaganda
Sure you do
Yes! Do something! Americans deserve a functioning federal government!
You can always just go down there and start building some roads. What’s the problem? Are you still here?
Stop yaking and go down and fix PR , Warren. You are beginning to sound like a broken record!
Then why don't you fly down there instead of typing on your phone?  Shut up already
Sure you do.
You sure spend a lot of time tweeting when you should be doing your job. When's the last time you did anything for the people?

and yet you still just sit there an whine.
Must be tough taking all those calls so early in the day west coast time and all.....#mapoli

I just care as another US citizen for PR citizens who don't have Senators or Rep to advocate for them

You lie again
And what did you do in response to these calls to help the people of Puerto Rico?
Still haven't heard from family, this is an emergency!! Why is he playing GOLF this weekend??? Do something,speak up for those AMERICANS!
How would you know when our president is doing on weekends you're sitting there complaining you do something
Are these the same people who told you that you're Native American? Making you so delusional that you consider yourself a minority's?
Sounds ironically very much like an identity politicking libtard.  Zero importance in light of what she is talking about.
We all are.
U know why, Elizabeth, most Americans don't vote? It is because our government--U included, beg off their responsibilities to Americans.

SO DO SOMETHING ELIZABETH, YOU ARE IN CONGRESS! STOP TWEETING & GET BUSY GETTING HELP TO PR/USVI, PRONTO!
Embellish much, Pocahontas?
Come see what is happening. See for yourself. This aftermath is bone-chilling. #helpus #HelpPuertoRico
Rather than answer the phone and politicize it , do something you phony
Congress will send a card
Sounds very political of them and you.
....obviously they do not know who to call for the truth !!
What exactly are YOU doing, Fauxcahontis...???
trump has the gall to say Puerto Rico couldn't do it on their own, like Texas could? Don't think so. trump has dropped the ball, RESIGN
Thanks professor.
NextPrez
Way to politicize a tragedy Liahantas. Quit trying to divide the nation. #fakeindian #liberalidiot
I agree. Shut up and take action. Bashing the president our our county isn't the solution
Bullshit. If you think Trump is going to last his first term you're more delusional than I thought. He's going to jail.
Trump has spent more taxpayer $ in 9 months traveling (mostly to his own properties) than Pres Obama did in 8 YEARS!!!
Were you in MA or DC to take those calls?  How's the book tour doing?
Are you gonna help us or not Elizabeth? Certainly there is more that can be done to contain this dumpster fire!?
So I ask, what’s being done? donnie is playing at his property- do our people matter?
Please stop tweeting and get on a plane! Think of the children Elizabeth
We need more troops on the ground.
How about calls saying they are praying for you to lose and kicked out of the senate
If only you were allowed to send a CODEL, but POTUS blocked that too. If only all golf balls and gloves came from PR he might show interest.
So Do something ! Just don't listen. Get off your 1% ass and DO SOMETHING !
Everybody with any decency and compassion in their hearts are concerned & worried sick for our fellow Americans or anyone else.
Squaw, maybe your own tribe will help too.
Trump calls this the worst disaster ever then says Puerto Rico regrettably can’t handle it themselves. No concept of a national emergency.
Do something
Her virtue signaling will solve Puerto Rico's problems in no time.
Don't love Charlie Baker but sending specialized comm team is a GR8 idea. PR desperately needs 2 communic8.
Are they your Indian relatives from there? You are so full of BS. Nobody is calling you for anything
Tell the lazy Taxachusetts liberals to get on a plane and go down to Puerto Rico andbdriveva truck from the harbors to the damaged areas.
I am so worried for all of them for all the people who have family and friends suffering.People haven't heard from family members
These are the consequences of having an unexperienced, unprepared and unfit monster in charge. People are dying. He needs to go— NOW! #PR
The mayor's and Governor are real unfit see how things went in Tx and Fl thats the city and state officials who did that it not Trump's job
Everyday the so called United States of America does nothing you kill American citizens
Puerto Rico isn't a state.  And by the way people always die in a Cat 5 hurricane.
Trump has never taken a call from one of us.
Imagine if you cared about people on the reservation that much.
PROOF!!!...but ya didnt did ya liz?!?!?

https://www.westernjournalism.com/governor-of-puerto-rico-praises-trump-administrations-response-to-hurricanes/ …
Wow. You're concern is very transparent.
I feel for them. Because I don't know a soul in PR and I'm horrified at their desperate situation.
Feel the same way. Was already horrified abt Harvey then Irma but this is something else. Something more. I don't know any1 there either.
Maybe Canada is still willing to help?
AND...and you have conveyed to them that @POTUS has taken charge and support has been and continues to be flowing into Puerto Rico...right?
Don't worry trumps on the job saving black/brown ppl......Father help them all
MAN your such a liar
*you're
We are worried here I Texas too, but our senators aren’t caring.
I just addressed a tweet to our Senators calling for Trump's impeachment. It's way past time.
It’s been past time, this experiment of theirs has gone on long enough.
Hope they'll pressure House to get moving. Trump is killing us.
