No DACA repeal, accept refugees, PP, and now this? Who's gonna pay? Which programs will be cut to make up the deficit? This is socialism!
the $18 billion warship that fires million dollar missiles against an enemy that doesn't exist.
You're prepared to compromise national defense? You wouldn't need healthcare without it, so I guess that solves that issue.
we have a stronger military than the next 16 nations combined and alliances in every part of the world.

We can do without a useless warship
Hmmm okay, well that should cover a few years of free healthcare. After that we can stop building roads, perhaps close some public schools?
how about the trillion dollar warplane project that hasn't produced a single flightworthy jet?
Really? You mean the F35? We actually have those.
we have 3 after a decade and 1.5 trillion dollars. Also declared ineffective as a fighter by the Pentagon.

We continue it due to contracts.
Love ya Senator. We're looking at the future of Democratic leadership.
you mean marxist leadership,democrat marxists that they are
Sorry for all the replies. I know I'm annoying lol. But these are complex issues, and oversimplifying healthcare would be a disservice to U
and colleges have gotten so expensive that's bcause the gov runs both,politicians enriching themselves
As to why healthcare is so expensive here, check the average cost of medicare and medicaid per person vs private. Public is cheaper...
then why in vt and ca were they unable to institute single payer both very different states
CA didn't do it because a single state legislature blocked it. Its not that they "couldnt do it", it's that the deciding vote didn't want to
then why not a referendum. In vt it got voted down.
what else is a basic human right food,shelter,sex that is called socialism and it sucks because its run by hax like u
Stand with a Democrat. Not this dead-ended.

Yes, one of them is a Democrat.
And I'd much rather the Dems push for more progressive healthcare policy so that eventually Sanders isn't the only one associated with it
and diminished your chances of ever being President...
How is the government going to pay for it, morons?
Exactly!
Why didn't you stand with him during his campaign?

Thank you
Fighting for basic rights my ass
Good job
Government healthcare is a disaster. 

"That wasn't REAL government healthcare!"
it's not a human right. Get it out of your head. You cannot demand the services of another. That's slavery.
WARREN: NO BORDERS, NO FLAG,NO FOUNDING FATHERS, NO CONSTITUTION, NO PATRIOTISM, NO HISTORY & WHAT DO YOU HAVE? NO NATION UNDER GOD.
I don't want to pay for your tampons
Just keep telling all your sheep what they want to hear, I'm hoping they wake up 2 the fact that none of u care about anything but power
Thank you standing for #MedicareForAll today, Senator!
Go away, commies
you look stark raving mad with your head shaking around you need to re think your strategy honey
You Are A Senior try it out!!! What is great for us should be great for YOU!!!!!
Health care is not a right because it requires services from other people. You can't force anyone to work...that's slavery.
By this flimsy logic you are "slave" 2 Society & all of its teachers & police & firefighters & soldiers that protect you while you sleep
Its governments job to protect it's citizens (police/fire) and everyone benefits equally. Not my responsibility if you got type 2 diabetes
Making healthier Life Choices is not always possible for the vulnerable, listen to what you're saying... it's like
No I understand your point. Some people have medical issues through no fault of their own. It is sad and I empathize.
Paraphrasing Linus Pauling: do unto others 25% better than you would have done unto you, to correct for subjective error.
It's like you think I'm a bad person. I've gone on mission trips, volunteered, donated money, fed the poor. Govt just shoudnt force me to...
no I think all your solutions have been tried and/or are naive.  You can't pray/charity people out of poverty. Solutions require policy.
You are simply a hack.
Line-up of the publically paid 'enemies from within'. 
#DomesticBergdahl s
EW you haven't contributed to the economy in your life; why would we expect you to understand the inability to afford this proposed debacle
How can you be against health care for all as a conservative? Are you all rich? Can you all pay out of pocket?
By "basic" health care I hope u mean ALL necessary, unelected health care, @SenWarren
Have a colonoscopy done but, be sure to tell the doctor if I have polyps be sure to leave them because I don't have the extra cash!!!!!
2 of the creepiest people on the planet.
We claim to be the best, but rest of thinking, caring countries insure all citizens without the GREED our ins Co display at r expense
HAHA
Why screw with Medicare???? What about us seniors paying for this out of our "BIG" S.S. checks???? What will you do for US????
The #DemocraticSocialists are on the move! #WakeUp #RiseUp & #BringBackLiberty!!! #VoteLibertarian #WildstarForGovernor2018 #Wildstar2018
When you hand your government to Republicans and their donors, you get the irresponsible government you asked for. http://tinyurl.com/y8ax2o8r 
Please give credit to @RepJohnConyers !
Nothing of this happens without Conyers. The companion bill to the Senate Medicare for All bill is Conyers' HR 676.
Sanders & Conyers worked together in Congress & visited Canada together in 1992 (b4 Clinton) to see their system. Bernie would share credit.
As a Democrat I've long supported Single Payer Insurance w First Lady @HillaryClinton 's introduction to country
HRC didn't intro it.  Sanders & Conyers went to Canada in 92 & came back to talk about single payer.  Bernie talked about it in '88 as Mayor
There are at least two videos of Bernie Sanders talking about single payer health care before Clinton even became president.
If you had stood with Bernie 1.5 years ago, he would've been president legislating for #SinglePayer now.
Are you going to pretend like you a medicare for all bill now Pocahontas?
Nowhere in the constitution does it say that health care is a right. Sorry.
YES IT IS
Hospitals should be nationalized and owned by citizens along with banks and universities. .  Not private and subsidized by government!
Where were you @SenBennetCO ?
He became a corporatized deputy. He could lose his job if he upset his benefactors.
Someone's else's labor is not a basic human right. Figure it out.
Wtf does anyones labour have to do with it? Do you understand how insurance works? Its an insurance policy ffs.
But they are saying healthcare is a basic human right and I'm calling bullshit
Forget your ideological argument for a second and just use common sense. Its cheaper for better service. Where is the BS in that?
Not cheaper when you get taxed to death.
In AU we pay a paltry 2% of income for Universal Healthcare. Two percent doesnt really fit into your "taxed to death" narrative, does it?
What's your sales tax?
What's your population?
Warren Sanders 2020, Too Sane for America.
or "Two Sane for America"  ;-)
or, "Two for a Sane America"
Where is the money coming from? I'm tired of losing 40% of my money as a small business owner to pay for everyone's free stuff
Awesome! Let's also focus on a sustainable food production and distribution to make food a human right as well.
This would dramatically change the medical cost curve and unify costs. @SRuhle all good things true conservatives support (bipartisan)
Free healthcare (paid by others), please show me where that is in the constitution or Bill of Rights, and to be provided by gov't?
Yes "basic" is about all it is?!!
Thanks, Sen. Warren!
WARREN: REVEALING HER TRUE SELF: RAGE : HATE : RADICALIST : GLOBALIST: UNAMERICAN: AGAINST AMERICAN NATIONALISM.
Love what your doing but why not wait until after September 30, deadline to do this so #RepubliklanParty has no basis to fight back on this?
Then why not a voucher program because Medicare sucks, and get you and Sanders out of the business of govt. healthcare with all its fraud?
Medicare: The Trojan horse.
Please do something about the insane healthcare prices. Who pays for it is kind of secondary.
Finally after they basically dragged you up there to do so. Weren't behind it when camping for hrc.
False. Health care is not a right. Health care is a good. Why is this so difficult for people to comprehend?
Health care is not a basic human right just because you say it is.  It is something you work for to pay for, like anything else.
Tell that to a child with cancer or a genetic disease.
Creating many poor people through government giveaways, some of them sick, is not a good reason to invite socialism to destroy America.
I sincerely believe that socialized medicine =\= socialism.
I don't understand what that symbol means, but if it means 'doesn't equal' you do see the word socialized in there, right?
Yes it means doesn't equal. And yes I can read. There are degrees of socialization.
Socialism is a slippery slope.  Each step closer makes it more inevevitable.  Socialism has always ended in tyranny against the people.
Please tell us which of this nation's foundational governing documents defines healthcare as a right at all, let alone "a basic human right"
"Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"
"Life": ill or well, you're alive. "Liberty": freedom to choose for yourself (not others). "*Pursuit* of happiness": no gurantee of it.


What you forgot to do is to tell everyone who's going to pay for it.
Oh you mean those people who are about to lose healthcare because they'll be unable to afford premiums with Trumpcare?!
If Obama care is so good why aren't they on it. Think about it. We've all been had by the lieing Democrats.
I am 100% behind you on this. As the "talking points" start asking how are we going to pay for this, do you have a plan to do so?
I love how nobody ever asks how are we going to pay for our endless wars and gigantic arsenal of bombs and bullets but healthcare where's $?
I agree, but you know what's going to happen. If there isn't a plan to phase it in then GOP will say it's lofty Socialist dreaming.
Understood. I've got some ideas
Me too. But we can't get there right away the cost would be prohibitive. Let's be realistic.
Then why do other countries spend less per capital than we do for better access?
they use the power of collective effort to keep prices down. In US Congress has made it so Medicare cannot get best prices from big Pharma
At last! Some sense and sensibility!
24 of 25 Democracies provide Universal Healthcare to their citizens. Not one of them are actively looking to get rid it. 
none are they quality of america,england has 1.5 year wait for non emergency surgery that is rationing
is this the same as what you are given
You guys big fans of venezuala
Excuse me but it was Senator Sanders that said medicare-for-all would completely crippled our country financially. You guys don't talk much?
Sanders and Warren 2020
At whose expense. I hope not mine
What kind of car do you drive?Im guessing a Volvo..?Is that a basic human right?
Healthcare is not actually a right. Maybe in your socialist worldview it is but you are fools to an ideology that has been proven to fail.
If you quit paying for those illegals there will be alot left for the AMERICAN PEOPLE.DONT YOU THINK THEY SHOULD COME FIRST.  OR NOT
You just have NO CLUE do You. #RepealObamacare #NoSinglePayer #LeaveUsAlone #HandsOffMyHealthcare
Notice how democrats are grandstanding in healthcare being a right.  They never discuss how we pay for this "right".

You're a total buffoon.....at this point your squawking has all the effectiveness of Charlie Brown's teacher.
thank you
Nice
Thank you Senators - its about time
hey libfools, whats wrong with Obamacare???  I want to hear you say it doesnt work before you put forth any other GREAT ideas
Still waiting for that great replacement @realDonaldTrump promised. Said there would be no repeal w/o a plan but has yet to offer anything.
I agree with that statement as well...#notatrumpfaneither
I would like you to back this statement up with facts. Then go read the constitution.
Ur a fraud !
This will go nowhere. We are trillions in debt. How does this get paid for?
From Bernie's website: Current HC spend=$3T/yr. Single payer cost=$1.4T/yr. Ten year savings=$6T. Huh? Math is hard. #BernieIsAFraud
Marxists are bad at math.
That solidarity with @SenSanders is overdue, but graciously welcomed. Thank you
Please run in 2020!
THANK YOU BOTH!
LETS SEE IF CONGRESS GETS EXACTLY THE SAME COVERAGE, WITH NO PAYMENT OF PREMIUMS BY THE GOVERNMENT
Glad you're doing this. Wish you'd stood by him last year. You could have made a big difference.
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders are the best politicians of the Trump Era by far.
Problem with this is,Medicare has become a bare minimum insurance. I know many elderly paying alot on meds each month. They won't cover alot
really support the message but DAMN I CANT STAND THE MUSIC
Factually HC is a privilege. You socialists are unfit to serve our country.
One cannot take away another person's #Healthcare & say that they are #ProLife.
You don't have a right to healthcare
I thank you for your stand.
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens. Wake  up USA!
health care is basic right but Medicare is not free. Covers only 80% of hospitalization where premiums over $100.00
family of 4 would pay $400 same as ACA in CA. Strengthen the ACA
Reelection baby reelection
Where were you when he ran for POTUS??
Support  Graham  block grants to grants to states or go away Pocahontas
What next Pocahontas, a teepee for everyone?
2020 new book from teacher to first Madam president
Background music
Sure there will be some in the healthcare industrial complex who will have to find other employment or take cuts but that's necessary.
Put them to work in Medicare. We will need more employees and they already know what to do.
Where in the constitution does it say we have a right to have health! It's an  individual responsibility!
Blah, blah blah.
The Love of Money is Rude of All Evil. The money system is good but love of it is Wickedness it breeds Sin upon the soul.
Says a guy on twitter...using a smartphone..a telecom...wearing clothes & a belly full of food. Did all that stuff just fall out of the sky?
The very fish that you hold whom do you think it came from. Who created it. Your very breath does not belong to you. All knowledge is God's
Health insurance companies need to be regulated just like the banks - they are robbing the public blind and denying coverage on a whim
Learn the facts sonny boy

Want to know what single-payer health care really looks like? Just ask the rest of the globe. 
And this is why you will lose the next election for MA Senator.
Not a fan of the music, but I love the message!
Universal health care is *cheaper* than the current healthcare system. Take insurance companies and big pharma out and prices come down.
Bloated, runaway costs? Like we have now in America? Do you know how much profit insurance and drug companies make?
#volvosforeveryone
Please get this done for the sake of humanity!
Everyone deserves #HealthCare Its time for #MedicareForAll
WARREN 2020!!!!!

Not a right... nothing that requires someone else to do something is a right!!!
Thank you!
Of course #americans want #healthcare paid for!! 70% drink alcohol regularly, 40% are obese, 20% smoke, 10% diabetics. AND ONLY 20% EXERCISE
@realDonaldTrump @foxnews the complete and absolute stupidity of u2 and non understanding of economics is astounding
I say NO you government peeps just want to run Americans lives!
Hi ass!!
how about fighting for the state you represent instead of you presidential tour. Fraud
How bought you and Bernie try out your socialist system for 10 years on your own and then get back to us, The Americans.
Trump is already campaigning.  Don't beat up on each other too much in the primaries, we've been waiting for you two to run together!
@SenWarren Can you stop screwing around and become President already?
If you're a decent human being you should want this to happen.
@MarkWarner @timkaine  I hope Virginia is also supporting this?  #2018 @RalphNortham
Your a fucking nutcase.
No socialism for the USA. Let our elected officials go on Obamacare first!!!
Let go with smaller government not bigger. Bigger means more waste
This country is broke. Everything the government runs, fails. State run HC will lead to rationing, long wait times and poor medicine.
Thank You!
Run Elizabeth Warren
LOL Go away Chief-make-us-broker!
Need #emailtemplate with #Html? Contact me
Thank you for finding a way to pay for it.
Thanks Senator Warren.  We all need the hard work of our Democratic Legislators to fight for  us, the Constitution,  and protect the country
Thank you Senator Warren, now if only @SenDuckworth and @SenatorDurbin  will stand with you to make Illinois proud...thank you!
If #Healthcare is a "basic human right" why do say for "everyone I in this country" isn't that racist? What about the good people of Mexico?
,,,

Thank you
Great. So we will all get the same excellent service the VA gives our veterans.
Nope!  Better!!
What about Indian rights? You liar. Couldn't get a prof job without LYING
Finally. Thank you.

This is why this country is 20 trillion in debt. How do you pay for this?  It's like someone making  20k a year buying a million dollar home
#Warren2020
Family & I are insured w #disastrousObamacare literally saved "my" life no repeal...repair #HealtCareForAll no #wealthcare #MedicareForAll
Who paying for this?  Are you? Ridiculous clowns. Balls to say Reagan tax cuts don't work.  Then think we can afford this 20 tril in debt.
We are blessed to have you as an Advocate.
Keep up the good work
I wish you stood with @SenSanders while DNC was rigging the primary against him.
Thank you 2 so much for trying to make our society a better place for all Americans & not just the privileged!
Gotta start somewhere. This is flawed but will start the conversation and force Republicans to take a position. Chess not checkers
And communism, Liz. You're fighting for communism at your core. Let's be real.
Go Away Pocahantas!   We know you are a FRAUD after not backing Bernie!  Retire!
Can you imagine if you'd done this when @SenSanders was running for president and given him your endorsement? Instead of shilling for HRC?
I hope you plan to make it better then what it is now because todays medicare sucks!
BS I'm on Medicare and love it. Sure it has it's faults but compared to what We have now, I'll take.medicare.
what people going to get experimented on by some mad Muslim scientists.we don't want foreign insurgent Doctors
maybe between DEMOCRATS AND CDC AND PHARMACY CORPARARION YOU CAN GET HALF THE POPULTION STRUNG OUT OH OPIODS AGAIN
You have no rights to another's labour.  Costs under single payer can only be reduced by reducing access to health care for the people.
since healthcare is a right, I want @SenWarren and @SenSanders to pay my medical bills.
How'd that work out in Vermont give us the details
Idea:. All Congress members beta test socialized medicine first...dare ya..
Apparently your Obamacare idea sucks otherwise you'd be pushing for it...but how would you know? You're on the Taxpayer funded Golden Plan.
As a Senior I worked all my life for my Medicare, paid for my Social Security. I still pay a premium, deductible and co-pay, it's not free.
Socialist rantings!
#WarrenSanders2020
Time for a people's health care.
It is NOT a right. Retire lady, no one needs you.
What are the details of How We Pay for this historic health care for all plan? I believe Health care is a right not a privilege.
Who pays for healthcare now?  Anybody makin a profit?  Ok now REMOVE THEM!  Gettin it yet?
There will always be people needing  help.That's the nature of the beast.Some are blessed with more /pay it forward. Sun shines on good&evil
So to answer your question you & I will pay for health care for others because they can't work, working uninsured, drug addiction,babies...
Yes let's pass trillions more debt onto our children and grandchildren. U haven't given us enouph yet.. #jokes
Nope
Canada's public health care system is our Number One wonder of our built environment. Shows Canada is a caring compensate country
#GodBlessAmerica having @SenWarren @SenSanders 
such an #Amazing Gifts Of #Love from #God to World People for #Americans #Children #Students
She wants to be President I see.  I can't forgive her for endorsing Hillary.  Better DT, Jr or Ivanka.
