Good grief!
Love it!!  Nope not this time
Get off Twitter
A little less criticism please. A little more help on the issue. Thank you
@SenWarren you're my favorite!
Olivia Louisa Borrero, of Ontario California, is going to soon discover the Nigerians that she helped to rob, are going to do more than kick
Almost as bad as "we have to pass the bill to see what's in it." "Almost"
It worked as well as this cartoon did!
Irresponsible, selfish GOP.
Tell them 'skinny repeal' isn't a "thing."  It isn't nice. It's rebranding the word 'murder.'
Everyone I know that has died had HC insurance - every single one of them. 
No one gets out of this alive.  No one.  But we can live longer with healthcare.
No one says you cannot have HC. However, Dems need to realize the goals of insuring more people & lowering the cost of HC are incompatible.
Then perhaps we should be inspecting the business practices of big Insurance and the pharmaceutical companies.
We now pivot to tax cuts & allow Obamacare to implode. 
Perhaps DEMOCRATS Shouldn't have RAMMED a Terrible Bill in the first place, ACA is a mess and Democrats are now Trying to blame the GOP LOL
Her daughter Felicia "Rose Borrero", represents well on YouTube, expressing the spoken word. The world should get a good look at her, truly!
Such nonsense from the GOP! Who would ever believe that so-called promise?
No that's OK. Last time you "fixed" something we got stuck with Obamacare.
Come on democrats quit shoving socialism down our throats!!
But your like everybody on the sidelines screaming get them Charlie and do nothing to help but lay down on the ball
Our country will be destroyed by its addiction to government handouts. #freestufftrap
Looks like it's gone now
@SenRonJohnson @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain you can't trust Paul Ryan. Vote no. Start over. Take more time me
I'm so embarrassed as an  living abroad. Poorer countries can get this done but the richest country in the history of the ENTIRE can't? 
People getting clear big corporate influence. Insurance /pharmaceutical companies lobby, contribute to politician campaigns, push agenda.
I had fun yesterday with the kids we all chose one of Charlie Brown character and did the dance that they do from Charlie Brown's holidays
Sounds like what pelosi said when Obamacare was passed. Knew I heard it somewhere
@SpeakerRyan is untrustworthy spinelss #TrumpRussia supporter! #SkinnyRepeal ?? LOL how do they come up w/this stuff??
Maybe they should vote on it now and see it later.  hypocrite!!!!#worktogether
Thank you for your vote!
WARREN WANTS TO BE SKINNY LIKE THE BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE AND INDIANS
@MorningsMaria @CNN  C'mon, Ds thru lies U gave ppl h-care U wouldn't take but death, destroy fam n econ U did n proud
Goal of GOP bill was to give companies right to refuse healthcare to workers/poor.
Rats
I love you, Lizzy!
A swing and a miss!
Thank u for all ur efforts to defeat skinny.  McConnell's closed door healthcare negotiations was not good for the country.
C'mon @SenWarren if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.
@RoyBlunt @SenJohnMcCain Rushed vote on bad bill w/promise to fix later is bad legislating. Practice medicine like this & it's malpractice.
@cje1213
.@SenSanders @SenWarren You Dems R the reason America is in this insurance mess with your LIES: U CAN KEEP YOUR DR, U CAN KEEP UR HEALTHPLAN
Just like when you voted for Obamacare wait and see what's in it -sadly we found out
Come on Pocahontas go make a bead purse
What happened to "We have to Pass It, to know what's in it"? Wasn't that you and Pelosi's Slogan? @SenWarren
Fake Indian.
I guess it makes you a BIG WOMAN  BETTING A KID
Oh like "well we will have to vote for it to see what's really in it." Sheesh.
Really terrible that you will no longer have a gun to your head to buy overpriced insurance. #BrainlessInDC
Give the people the Same Heath Ins as congress & senate has! or Is that To Easy??
Why not? Bait and switch is how we got Obamacare.
How about you phonies just give us the same health care you get - end of problem!
Anyone in here already purchase health ins through the marketplace? Are you happy w/your premiums, co pays and Rx costs? How much is it?
Just plain horrible, hard to believe.
#Noskinnyrepeal
Please VOTE NO!!!!!
trying to fool the people do not pass this bill
Where is YOUR bill to fix ACA? @LindseyGrahamSC says he wants Dem support in process. What have YOU done to support fixing ACA?
#IAmCharlieGard Death via ration care will continue if government continues to have their hand in healthcare
Warren has  no solution except to cause controversy. Fire Warren we desired someone who  has our best interest. Not lobbyist.
Except Lucy isn't a total sociopath like @SenateMajLdr
Phonie Sguaw 
How can this happen? How do u vote on a bill not seen? Crazy. I pray some finally put country ahead of party & save our nation from madness
Cast No vote for Elizabeth Warren! Find a better candidate democrat/Republican. Anyone's performance would  be worthy.
Kind of like we have to pass the Affordable Health Care Act so we can find out what's in it? @NancyPelosi
Reelection approaches, our votes are need for Warren to  keep her seat! Middle class bear the failing Obomacare. Thks!!
Anyone who believes that - especially from paul ryan - is a dumb ****!

Why did premiums,deductible and copays increase so rapidly you, Polesi and Schumer force it upon the public? Awful job!
What are y'all doing to fix ACA, NOTHING
You are so damn clueless.  obama care isn't working !! Your law is hurting ppl! Bottom line . It only has helped ppl tht don't want to work
@SenWarren how about you do SOMETHING seeing you helped create the mess? We know why, the failure of Ocare was the goal! #SinglePayer
By fix, they mean let people die because they don't vote republican
Once it's gone, we won't get it back!  Wake the f up!
Maybe I'm a victim of lowered expectations but I found it refreshing that they even reached out to Ds for help and bucked Potus expectations
Rome is burning, you are playing fiddles (all dems).  Wake UP! It will be 2 late if u don't! FOCUS! Our democracy is being usurped!
In your image shouldn't Charlie Brown be holding a hammer and sickle?  That's what you'd like to see at least.
Come on Dems, if you like your Dr you can keep your Dr.
I have a better idea. Remove govt from healthcare except Medicare and Medicaid. We cannot afford $50T more debt.
legit connect 24/7 Contact by Downloading app kik/wickr in google/app  store and add my kik id. lucaes4 /wickr id: lucaes  #oxycodone #oxy30
I urge the Senate to pass my Skin Peal healthcare so that my procedures will be covered and I can retain my radiant orange glow.
I'm not afraid to die and Ok what ever, my government really doesn't care either way. If Democrats in congress really wanted to get this
right they would... Create they're own health finance bill and show it to the people. Health finance is what this is. No care in politics.
it's a set up... That's all it is.
Why do you Democrats refuse to fix broken healthcare system? Obamacare is a nightmare. Pay for healthcare get none. Scam the system get it.
The corruption and gamesmanship is next-level astonishing. Americans will go bankrupt and die, as a result. The nation loses.
Do your job. Thanks
Just like you to use a cartoon to make your point. Just plain wrong!
When has @SenateGOP EVER followed through on anything they promised in last seven years? Something as important as Healthcare? #PantsOnFire
if you and the Pres would delete your twitter accounts we would all be better off
Pocahontas still on war path with inner self!
Let's see you step up and propose something?
It's time to CHUCK Schumer & you!
Are those Cherokee cheek bones, Senator ?
And I have a bridge to sell to you!
"you have to pass the bill to know what's in it" - sound familiar?  Ask Ms. Peolosi
Yea, they should just do a full repeal
Lizzy see below
This is absolutely insane.
No!
Ryan is waiting with pen in hand to sign it as is if the suckers in the Senate vote yes. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
This is probably the best use of this gif on Twitter I've seen. For what it's worth, you win Twitter for the day.
I ENCOURAGE BOTH PARTIES TO COME TO A COMPROMISE ASAP...WANT OUT OF PURGATORY! WITNESS PROTECTION WOULD BE NICE!
GOT EM!!!
"Medicare for All" as we all pay .0145% now. Just increase to a reasonable  0.09%. I am paying  $1,300.00 monthly premium. Its a Win Win !!
Good Lord!
You rock Senator Warren !!-
@nathanbosiak Good grief
Why didn't you step up to begin with?  Yeah just like your crew fixed us these last 8years.  If they gave u idiots Obamacare you'd fix it
Just called @robportman to vote against skinny repeal. Not sure who else to call
Love your work. Keep it up
You said they couldn't yesterday! Hmm! We are sick of the corrupt  DEMs! Liar
Kill arbitration agreements and non-compete agreements. They're fundamentally unfair and unconstitutional
McCain lied. "Passing something for the sake of passing anything is not what the Senate's about...
It's pretty damn clear in GOP Senate
Except the House just overrode committee. If Senate passes it, House will call an immediate vote.
I am praying O'care remains in place-probability of collapse is certain. Let's go back to a purist capitalist economy and punish abusers.
You did way worse then that. You will be voted out
Love you
They are idiots @SenateMajLdr
you should talk...
When have they ever fixed anything in committee?
Lies! All lies!
Why did you vote present on the single payer bill?  Fake Indian, fake outrage.
The Dems need to cite the positive aspects of the ACA and not let the republicans dictate the narrative!

Si
I admire you. Keep doing the great work you are doing we need you in the Senate!
like leaving a drug addict with a pile of drugs, and his "promise" to not use any.  NOT POSSIBLE.
...shame on ME!
what have you ever done with your life? you can scream extreme liberal rhetoric and act like you have done anything useful in society
 Stay strong

THERE IS ONLY ONE ANSWER TO THIS! AFTER AUGUST RECESS !20Dems&20Gop WORK TOGETHER ;ON A BILL !THAT WILL BE ACCEPTABLE BY BOTH PARTIES!
I bet psychological treatments will be 5cents.
Whaaaaa?
Which Americans do you really want to help? Your party broke it and now you defend this debauchery? Senator, Thanks for nothing!
Make sure the Republicans know that no matter what, they own it and 2018 is coming.
What's  your plan?
Get the handy man ready for this.
Perfect meme.
I sigh and shame my head. I feel so anger and despair. How will we ever get this evil, dirty genie back in the bottle?
Good Ol' Chuck is a cartoon, though. He can't die of his injuries. We can.
Don't believe the smoke screens. We are scraping at the bottom on of the barrel. Lies: lies to pay off his debt on the back of Americans
Yea just like you fixed Obamacare are you kidding get out of the way don't you think you've done enough harm Pocahontas
As opposed to 'passing it to see what's in it'?!?
I am SICK TO DEATH of the mess the so-called "Republicans" in office are making!  Ike would be repulsed by their selfishness.
Oh shit! @SenWarren for the win! Proper use of gif!
#fail
@eRobin @SenateGOP You're awesome 
What a damn joke keep fighting for us

Gosh, that's  nearly as stupid as "We have to pass it to know what's in it."

And I will respect you in the morning, too.
They need to kill this mutant thing, go on recess and return with a clean slate. Fix the ACA in true bipartisan fashion.
If they are trying this hard to get voted out & driven out of town, why not just resign? Trump will make them ambassador of somewhere.
83% of the population say NO! I thought no means NO! Save our Care.
Thank you @SenWarren for being here for the Majority of Americans!
They've had 8 years and have come up with nothing - but now somehow they're gonna find the perfect "solution" in a few weeks?
It's time for states to pass initiatives to allow recall of Senators w/GOP voting on bills they don't actually support

Looks like still be a room of white men making decisions for women, defunding Planned Parenthood.
Will President Trump Skip Congress and Back Rules Treating Health  Insurance as a Utility instead of a Luxury?

Like you "fixed" ACA with 70+ amendments?  Govt has zero business in healthcare. Zero.
Exactly right
Excellent graphic!  Completely on point!
Come on?.... Dumbocrats not fixing this mess... all you do is obstruct... trying to hold this Administration back...but great progress made.
Nice coming from the senator that "wasn't" FORCED into Obamacare.
The way the GOP lie and cheat... how do you know that they are not lying to get something... anything out for Trump?
You and your high cheekbones are so cute.
