
PLEASE run for President. Please elevate profile of CFPB, knowledge of business,  bankruptcy, contract law, & record of serving avgAmerica
Coercive Monopoly exists in Wilmington NC, where waiting list for Regulated Taxi Permits is edited by Pencil & Favoritism. Needs Free Market
Hey liarwatha here comes Jeff Diehl. You got no chance.
I wish I attended
You are voice in the dark avgAmerica is looking for. Help voters know you are that  person. RNC/trump know--they are already attacking you
Did you fix Obamacare? It's a loser and has been one for years! What did you do to fix it. All Americans will be harmed! Unconscionable!

If you are the heart & soul of dem party then they are really in trouble
Thank u for speaking out against the appalling Bill S 720 which criminalizes boycotting Israel Our 1st Amend rights should be protected

Trump Begins 17 Day Golf Vacation (more vacation days in 7 months than Obama in 8 years)...poor guy, looks exhausted 

He needs a rest. Has done more in 200 days than ogoober in 8 years
Massholes unite
Thank you @SenWarren you stand for healthcare for all, environmental protection, integrity of politicians, protection of US w/o antagonism
She has already been trying, trying and trying.  Check her records, interfaces, advocacies.
Got more respect for an honest drunk
People read Warren's book, A Fighting Chance.  She is avgAmerican & was instrumental in enacting Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Please impeach trump on grounds of insanity. His No.K tweets are terrifying. GOP should be ok with President Pence. 
@SenWarren @RepKClark
Glad you changed yr mind re the anti-free speech anti #BDS S.720. Why do you oppose #BDS, a Palestinian nonviolent movement?
How's it going to feel when ur w/o a job and than the demand to have u arrested for pizzagate?
Wow I guess when you don't want to work or work for a living you have time to go to these stupid liberal hate America events

You didn't build that business.  Someone else made that happen.  Hahaha.
The people are scared of this president DO SOMETHING BFORE ITS TOO LATE WE R NOT STUPID. N KOREA IS A THREAT. PLEASE HELP I AM NOT REPULICAN
Looks like an anti american rally
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
are you guys watching the guy that supposed to serve as president? Do something, please!!!!!
Be sitting squaw. All of a sudden you find Massachusetts. This ones even near the coast. Unlike Springfield. You phony
How
Thanks for the update on your running for Pres., makes me feel a lot better.

This Navy SEAL is A True Hero.@DomRasoJr

Thank You for your service & speaking TRUTH about Islam! We NEED More MEN like you! #Respect #NRA 
SENGARDNER (REPUBLICAN SENATOR FROM COLORADO) ARE YOU SEEING THIS???
@elizabethformaI @SenWarren I notice you follow yourself on Twitter. That's a bit similar to 'liking' your own tweets. It's a bit desperate.
Did you wear a headress?


Vote Warren Out 2018
And oh so very civil...if only that could be across the USA
hopefully you'll be voted out of office very soon! You're time in the senate destroying the USA has come to an end!!!!
Indian my ass. ..liar
Your a.liar and a fake
Mrs Warren. Quit lying to your constituents.
Indian appropriation.
slave owners & KKK WERE ALL DEMS,LOOK IT UP,THEY R THE FACISTS,NOT US,NOW THEY R LLL,LEFTIST LUNATIC LIBERALS,WATCH HILLARYS AMERICA ON DVD.
Hey everybody,did u no congress lied,said they were a small business of 50 or less 2 get 75000$ in subsidies 2 pay there health insurance
Reduce medical & drug costs to more inline with other countries then MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Demand people in capitol r nonpartisan business ones like Trump,who is getting tons done,even being held back by idiots doing NOTHING 4 US
U said on tv ur working,NO,UR NOT,UR NOT DOING A DAMN THING 4 US BUT BLOCKING UR OWN POLITICAL INTERESTS,VOTE ALL DEMS/ GOP OUT FOLKS,GET IN
your a pig5
R
Reading your latest book. It is excellent. Well written and very informative. Thanks for writing it!
Senator Warren for President....push him out .....way out
I'm sure there weren't a lot of conservatives bussed in to cause trouble. That only happens at GOP town halls.

At Least Democratic Party Representative's have Guts to have Town Hall Meeting', because they have nothing to HIDE
Still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
Revere is a dump! Why hasn't it gotten any better? What are Dems doing all these years while the residents suffer miserably?!
You Democrats need to own up
Is that all you have Mike?  You apparently support the man/baby playing golf for 17 days.
Delusional as usual. I'm sure all the Massholes were there
So did you take the DNA test that will prove you are not Native American?
Wish our senator here in Montana @SteveDaines would care about the people he is working for enough to even have ONE town hall meeting. Sad.
Such hatred here.  Did all of you get to the voting locations on November 8, 2016 and cast your vote, assuming that you are all legal?
Don't worry. We will vote her out.
I live in Texas. Wish Cornyn & Cruz had the guts to do a "townhall",
Yeah how many questions??? 4 cs on cape cod only took 6 pre arranged questions...
Wow!  A senator that has a town hall.  What s novel idea.
Keep it up! Speak up for America!
Was it full of lies and deciet?  If so then it was a democrat success!
Past time some, have been there 30 and 40 years.
She knew that she can't win
Now can we actually work!?!?!?!
Oh yeah democrats vowed to not work these 4 years I forgot
Nobody cares. Nobody.

ICYMI - IT Scandal Keeps Looking Worse for Debbie as New Questions Emerge: “Gross Misapplication of Public Funds” http://truepundit.com/it-scandal-just-keeps-looking-worse-for-debbie-wasserman-as-new-questions-emerge-gross-misapplication-of-public-funds/ …
Neolibs = Neocons (Warren = McCain) = scum of the earth
Please explain why you won't take that DNA test. If you are as you claim, one would think you would like to prove it.
Take the dam DNA test, Pocahontas!  Haiyayayayaya Haiyayayayaya Haiyayayaya.
Could you talk @RobWittman into holding one? He's apparently too scared so he filters them by phone.
#fakeindian
I attended! So good to see you Senator!
Uhoh looks like only about75 or so people. People seem to be getting tired of the same old narrative that you offer. Getting really old.
Go away Pocahontas
Wow, I'll bet yall solved alot of problems
You are the problem in our political landscape Pocahauntice.  Give back the money. You will feel better about yourself
Why were the people who oppose you not allowed in the town hall?
I was there..... awesome. Thanks Senator Warren and Rep. Clark.
Elizabeth Warren is a big mouth whiny ole bit--, does nothing but run her mouth.
Still not talking about the IT guy or why the American people can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
CA-48 just had it's first-without our elected Rep.@DanaRohrabacher.  It was a great success. Proud to be a responsible resident of CA-48.
What no right wing nut jobs came to shout you down?

Start packing the teepee chief. We're sending you back to the reservation. Did you think we forgot you did nothing since getting elected?
Elizabeth... Were you able to answer any questions.... Cause you're about the dumbest Senator I've ever seen!!
As the old saying goes, can't say sh-- with a mouth full!
You're absolutely right!!!
its time to make massachusetts great again, time to rid of the fake indian who is in it for herself . vote warren out she is a con artist
Can we get the names of the people. The ones who were at TH . Have swamp in Fl to sell. Need a group of losers. Ur voters r just right.
Elizabeth how many of your brother and sister Indians showed up?
Who in the RIGHT mind would go participate in a town Hall with U?
If you don't have Town Hall meetings how you supposed to represent your constituents if you don't know what there thinking Elizabeth in 2020
Real Indian Shiva Ayyadurai will run against Elizabeth "Pocohantus" Warren in 2018! Way too funny.
The DNC is out of money because it's paying all the obstructionists!
Вы думаете, что мои тролли дешевы?
Republicans aren't allowed to have free speech!
How come the left never attacks themselves?
We love you!
You pathetic lying,misleading poor excuse for a person much less Senator..you will be voted out
Republicans need to get there head out of there ass Republicans need to impeach Trump
Clinton was impeached for far less than giving out top secret information I cannot say the same for Donald Trump he should be impeached
We know that Trump has already committed High crimes and misdemeanors when he dealt with the Russian why can't he be impeached

A wonderful thoughtful event would be for known liars in the Senate to resign. Here is one now.
Great to see Dems bask in glow of rude and obnoxious organized disruption of GOP meets. Don't worry - our reps communicate w us just fine.
When was the last time you were in Revere? Ever?
Bobblehead!
Try a town hall meeting in West Virginia and let us know how you make out
This is how you work WITH & FOR your constituents! Keep representin'!
People actually come out to listen to you or did you have to bribe them with free stuff? #PovertyPimp
#VoteHerOut
No town hall can solve the problems created by Trump.Forget about his policies , it's him.There is a loss of hope that compassion for others
Is dead. Instead of looking at the increase in the stock market why don't we look at increase in the suicide rate and ingestion of psyc meds
How is that possible if you were there????
It will be even more wonderful when your voted out of office
Damn that climate change! Hell has frozen over ALREADY!

Can you skate dude?
@SenWarren is a multimillionaire hypocrite who is a sponge on society
You could offer to give Town Halls in R areas as they aren't getting any from their representatives.
My patents were there and so pleased to hear you speak!  Thank you!
Great
I bet there was no disrespectful opposition cause all the bad discourse eminates from the left
Fake Pocahontas!
Поддельные американские
Blah Blah Blah, what has this Hag done for the AMERICAN people? oh wait, bought up their de-stressed properties and made millions.FOOLS!!!!
TY @SenWarren!  Town halls are democracy at its finest! Too bad the GOP representatives are such cowards, they could learn a lot from you!
Do something  in DC or go home.  Voters will not forget.
Elizabeth that black top/pants with red jacket ensemble must need a cleaning by now cause you wear it daily. Try pink next time.
Oh, just tell us you did not get nude , like the previous pagan meeting, the visual is nauseating, you are a joke, Indian .
Elizabeth just 125 people is wonderfully cozy. Just like a teepee 
To make it easier to understand: #SinglePayer health insurance is letting a clerk at the #DMV decide whether you get heart surgery or not.
Bad big business, banks suck and free tuition for illegal aliens.....must have been fantastic
Town halls are nice but the budget and debt ceiling are far more important.  Why is Congress not in full time session???
Good job
Wish I was there.
Yeah, because you're a real woman and actually show up to your town halls and don't say the people against you were paid. @jasoninthehouse

Did you hand out any colored beads ?

That's AWESOME. I haven't seen any GOP peeps saying their town halls are going good. Wonder why.......
Warren carefully picks her audience too! Democrats on left tip of the wing....of course town halls are"beautiful"...she does nothing 4 Mass.
Folks in Revere don't have a life if they show up at a lyin Pocahontas side show
@The everyday concerned citizen. This is real and happening in U S. I know b/c I am a target.
NOT LIKE SLEEZY REPUBLICAN PARTY
@SenateGOP this us what it looks like when you're not scared to meet with constituents. Grow a spine/conscience and talk to real people!
Vote this lying deceiving loser out of office.
How much was your appearance fee for this?  It's amazing how you can so relate to the average citizen. Lol!
Appropriate handle apparently
Meanwhile in Tennessee, @SenBobCorker & @SenAlexander haven't had 1 town hall put together & @MarshaBlackburn only allows sycophants in hers
You go girl !!
They don't do that if you start saying goodbye at all your town hall meetings cuz Geoff Diehl is coming to take you away
To bad the Republicans don't have many or are afraid to do them.
Spewing more lies lies famous for telling lies
Democrats allowed our vets to suffer for years. Lies lies wouldn't know what the truth is.
Did you tell you supporters the President is audited by the IRS every year lol
Bot, you need a better TL
And where are your @SenateGOP colleagues? Golfing with @realDonaldTrump, I suppose! You work for the people you represent!
One of the few Senators to even have town halls. Because she's afraid of nothing and on the right side of everything that matters.
Look in the mirror pal..Stupid is as stupid does.Say hi to Pocahontas for meThe only way she makes any sense is after smoking the peace pipe
