the whole country is in the hands of a man that lied to everyone who'd turn their tv on....
You just described Hillary's 30 year political career. She lied and lost
Scooter is fixated on Hillary and the past.
Just pointing out the hypocrisy of the senator. Not really what I'd call a fixation but u can
have you seriously listened and watched the GOP without identifying hypocrisy and lying?
hey Rog, have you heard that the Clinton Global Initiative is shutting down? Why?
don't know don't care has nothing do with current administration.
has everything to do with your integrity and the validity of any of the crap you spew
.@SenWarren Serious question: So much about structure of gov't and rule of law has been ignored, what will call @SenateGOP into integrity?
- The Reps have shown they don't care about means, only ends. Dems are still trying to play by the rules.
I know your right
remind me. Who did away with the fillibuster for cabinet nominees?
I believe it was the Dems and too lazy to Google it!
it sure was. Which makes it difficult for me to call the current majorities integrity into question.
when you got nothing spelling cop works. From each according to his ability, right?
do you remember when she did? Convince us with the date, time, location where she lied about her DNA.
Here's a start: http://www.dailywire.com/news/5642/7-things-you-need-know-about-elizabeth-warren-amanda-prestigiacomo …  Zero evidence she has ANY nat american DNA. Zero.
She is not a billionaire cabinet member of the WH. U saying billionaires don't lie?
Subject was Warren's lies. You're convinced she doesn't. Run along.
thank you bulliegirl for showcasing why majority of Americans distrust GOP.
Fauxcahantas is a liar. Period. Not GOP's fault. What a bizarre statement. Run along.
Elizabeth Warren will be known in history as one of the greatest women ever.
your leader has blood in her hands. O'no ruined our country & you DEMONcrats are evil. Black babies have RIGHT to life
You supported Ben Carson? I'm broken-hearted at the cowardice you & all your dem colleagues display. Two-faced. Can't be trusted
You and the rest of you dixiecrats former KKK are the ones dangerous to the economy and health!
@tahino1 @SenateGOP I'm with Elizabeth. #resist
Me too!
@Plantflowes @SenateGOP Thank you for using your voice to care for all. You are a great role model for future generations 
Ms. Warren, with all due respect...vote as such. If you can't convince them to budge, at least stand YOUR ground.
Convince other Democrats to do the same. Re-elections just short of two years away. No room for perceived weakness.
Newly Active Politically & organizing tribe. List of who is up for Midterms. We watching #CSPANSuperBowl
The list has a good chunk of Dems voting for appointees who may not be firm enough in their resolve.
Senator, please don't let #Tump install his nominee to #SCOTUS. Let's get important stuff decided first.
why did they vote in Betsy Devos.  She is not qualified.
voted in by men,the all male group writing Healthcare laws for women because they know what's best.
I think us women know what's best for us.
@michellegallow2 @SenateGOP 2 I gotta think you are being conservative 
..@SenWarren @GeorgiaKWills @SenateGOP And it's becoming more and more evident that one of them is mentally unraveling. GOP - You own this.
...and you didn't?
she is right and you all know it. But party loyalty is more important than safety
How about Clinton she lied all the time and it has been proven.
better them than crazy libs like you.
thank God for Senator Bernie Sanders. During the debate with secretary Hillary, ...depends on day of wk u ask her
Elizabeth,  please get Nancy, and Senator Schumer together on Monday. I don't care at them being in power. U need to
To make a move. History will be written. Please be the rebels. Go get him. We all luv U.
so if they lied to Senate, theres no Senate powers to take action?  Damn all of you grandstand for your own interests
This is no longer OUR Government ,it is a Dictatorship in the making. and nobody is stopping him.
we can stop him. Join me
info@impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org
from someone who lied about heritage.#pocahontas
Hey Stuie facts to support your Fox News story. Stew on this
info@impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org
It's a game to them! They are going to grab until the American People say #Enough! The sooner we do it the better! @SenWarren @SenateGOP
the safety of our nation is at stake and you lie every day  wake up!!! it's a dangerous world! Hello?????
your tone doesn't represent the Stars and Bars. Think about what you tweet. People you trying to win r thinking

we need you to put country before party! We made this video just for you. https://www.pscp.tv/w/a2PM6DFEWkVvd052UEdFYXl8MXJtR1ByeWp3TGd4TvOVH_h8AGIrzefa3cDOU48JqpbVCkUIUW-WjsX3SBEx …
@periscopeco  This needs a nap I don't have.
yes but it's important periscope app! It's easy,
and u lied to the American people. What's your point?
u dense or what, she is not the person with the job title of President. info@impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org
I may be but that statement has absolutely NOTHING to do with the topic Professor Dunce
Who does prosecute those who lie under oath and then get confirmed.. ? This shit is unreal..listen to us ..impeach
Calling your bluff Debra, info@impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org
Sign up and let's make happen.
Already done..
LYING IS NOT GOOD,. BUT TEARING AMERICA APPART LIKE  U &UR LIBERAL BUDDIES IS EVIL! YOUR HATE PACK IS JUVENILE! 
Anthony could please SCREAM a little LOUDER when you WRITE.Hard to take you SERIOUSLY. Hate Pack?
ROGER, ALL POLITICS ARE A POWER PLAY U&I KNOW THAT. BOTH SIDES SELL THIER SOULS! BULLIES IN THE SCHOOL YARD 
since when do you care about American people? You want illegals here
You lied about your Native American heritage 
Thank God the safety of our economy and health isn't in the hands of a woman who lied 2 Senate #HRCnotanyonespresident
https://www.pscp.tv/w/a2PM6DFEWkVvd052UEdFYXl8MXJtR1ByeWp3TGd4TvOVH_h8AGIrzefa3cDOU48JqpbVCkUIUW-WjsX3SBEx …
I fear our great democracy is in decline, if not dead.  Our country is now owned & managed by corporate America.
you own this. You won't be able to blame it on the democrat who bails us out of the coming mess, as you did in 2008
The worst thing for Americans safety are people like senator Elizabeth Warren
better than in your hands.
Said the woman who lied on job and college applications.Go eat your Pow Wow Chow....
Know who else has lied, Elizabeth?
Please Lizzie , Stop the false accusations on two great Americans . You sound like a Clinton !
@jsc1835 @SenateGOP Isn't lying to congress against the law?
Shameful
Republicans should be thrown out. They only care about their interests not America's
this coming from someone who lied about being "Native American" what a hypocrite you are.
this isn't a game & it isn't funny. Stop messing with lives & start improving the lives of all. Focus
@sherigreatfalls @SenateGOP

Pocahontas is way off the reservation...
...and your lies Senator Warren...are we suppose to feel safer in your hands!!? #IthinkNOT
OMG  is Harry back. Who is other lier. This is 1 time u bad mouth  their  Go gal. Nice  job. What if u went to work more. Wow
remember when you said you were Native American? #pocahontas #pleaseshutupElizabeth
So did Hillary Clinton. So did Eric Holder. So did Harry Reid. So did Nancy Pelosi. So does Elizabeth Warren! #MAGA
wow, there are some real looney toons on this thread.
You didn't fight for us when you voted to give the house and senate a 45K pay raise. Where is that tweet?
Which 2 and what did they lie about.
Americans are in a state of dispair. Land, water, air, ED., immigrants--LGBT, women, elderly next. RUSSIA. TRUMP.
Warren jumps up & down about somebody lying? Seriously? Want Lies? Listen to Hillary, Obama & other Dem!
But it is a game for this administration. A malignant narcissistic at the helm and lots of puppeteers pulling strings
you can keep your plan, keep doc, rates won't go up. And you talking about lies?
says the gal who claimed Indian heritage based on her cheekbones.
how many times did HRC lie to the senate about her emails... you wanted her to be president!
@kiki_kaff @SenateGOP and two other men (Trump and Bannon) who lie to everyone else every single day!
Are you kidding? Obamacare is all lies.  I've lost my health care plan twice&doctor too Do you have Obamacare?It sucks
please fight back 4 the American people. Democrats need 2 b more organized!
step up or step away!
I am ready for a general strike. Trump must learn that the people despise his actions! #resist #pontus
Hey : Wake up .....

Hillary Lost .. Knock off the constant partison B.S.
Is there no recourse to a committee chair changing the rules?
Did he really lead Fascist group when young? Are we going to be a Nazi state?
Squaw "Lies a lot".
@lskurrus @SenateGOP that's the least crime on them! Democrats in D.C. have to be smart, next play is important!
did they lie about having Native blood?
agreed- what are we doing about it.
They don't care. McConnell has proven himself a hypocrite many times over. The GOP cares about power, not people
No kidding.  The war on drugs seems to be on the table.  Which way are the coming in?
Someone explain to me, please? Who lied, to whom and about what?
Why does the Senate have  rules, if they can be suspended, changed, ignored, etc.?
You lied about your heritage also !
they don't care!!!! They won't be affected so they don't care!!!!
Ms. Warren, you have a lot of gall to accuse anyone else of lying. You make a career of lying and stridency.
you lied to America lady.
You are personally responsible for the violence in the streets.
Stop with the #FakeScareTactics, already! Sheesh! @SenateGOP
#PlaygroundPolitics
Nitpick away. You're creating a giant lie just for #Dems. Conservatives are too bright to buy that garbage. @SenateGOP
The apparent result of that is the party being labeled as "Spineless". Where does this stop???@SenWarren @SenateGOP
No Elizabeth, this is not a game. So stop playing the George Soros game of devide and conquer . That's why you lost!
The GOP has played by whatever means necessary. Yes, the Dems have tried to respect rule and fairness.
Seems as though Capitol #Dems consider politics a GAME: Hide & Hide Again. Pathetic. @SenateGOP
Y'all are REACHING. Not to mention your childish hissy fits: NOT showing up? Taught #Berserkeley not to follow rules. @SenateGOP
liz u have never told the truth ,so quit trying to get richer from george soros bye the way he wants 2 give u a raise
what goes around comes around.
REJECT these cabinet pics! Trump is illegitimate. Demand he reveal his taxes. Demand FBI conclude Russia interference
Where you there at the hearing for VA secretary?
how feckless and pathetic you are.  the country needs leaders not the likes of you.  No conversation no compromise.
Are all the D Senators at work today ?
Hmmm...Where was the outrage when Hiliary lied about her emails.  Double standards?
why can't u guys stop them or at least hold it up
remember to vote these republicans out of office in next election.
No it's not a game. good point, the safety of the economy and the people are important...
stop your dirty provocation. We all, normal people, got tired of discrimination of former administration. It is over !
Thank you for standing up for us and American values! #ResistTrump #resistkleptocracy
What's your next move? You don't hve 2 convince us they are trying to topple government. We KNOW this How u will stop?
Anyone find @SenToomey yet? He appears to have gone missing. #concernedconstituent #DumpDevos @SenWarren @SenateGOP
And yet many Dems are voting yes on the Swamp monsters. Dems=wimps.
What did the Senate of the United States do to Hildabeast for lying about Benghazi? No indictment...Zip. So your point
Elizabeth, ma'am, how many other fine upstanding men have lied to the U.S. Senate? Bill Clinton lied. H.R.Clinton lied
They don't care, Trump has proven that lying  is the new #alternatefacts .
Oh my....you lied all the way through this presidential process....what's you punishment for spreading lies!!!!
All they hear is "we are Republicans, we'll vote in whoever it is just to spite democrats"  Fuck American citizens
hammer time
They should serve Mass well as we don't investigate abuse in healthcare. Visible perjury by Ayer PD officers RN wife
don't even pretend you care about the welfare of the American people, they can see through you.
thank you for standing up!!!!
Oh.. We had a good guys with Obama right?
Geithner evaded taxes, Summers the lier, Architects of AIG/Goldman bailout
it feels like we're being steamrolled with very few really fighting back! Frustrating!
Thank you.
What *is* the penalty for perjury/contempt of Congress, should that be proven? Is there one?
..and the well-being of our country is in the hands of a psychopathic ego w/the emotional age of a child.
I wonder if Ted Cruz is practicing Green Eggs and Ham to recite in the Senate today?! 
How quickly they forget ....
Astonishes me that the GOP thinks it is OK.
like when you lied to get a scholarship Liz ? You took a minorities dream away RACIST WITCH!
We no longer live in a democracy, obviously. What do we call America now?
please filibuster Supreme Court nom
@SenateDems stop playing games & telling lies @NancyPelosi lied during @CNN Town Hall about illegalz criminals
I will work hard to make Trump weak by putting in a Democratic Congress in two year
Yes! Cowboy and INDIANS is a game, isn't that right "Two Feathers?"
#StopPresidentBannon
isn't it against the law to lie to the US Senate? Shouldn't he punished for that?
They actually have medication that might help you. You should seriously consider psychotherapy.
like you when you lied about being Indian delusional
@lskurrus @SenateGOP Isn't it a federal crime to lie to the Senate?  Ford pardoned Nixon.  Who's going to pardon Donald?  Ccrazy!
with lying rampant in Oval Office, objection on basis of lies isn't enough.
Our movement is called #WeThePeople
look who's calling the kettle black Pocahontas
..... If they are capable of lying to the US Senate, what / where else are they lying about.
agreed  still don't have any health care. Plus have a 23yr old with Downs and Autism.  We need Help!
You have DRASTICALLY overplayed the rage card. You are always pissed at everything and you are a drag to listen to.
@SenateMajLdr  Warren talking about LYING is so Hypocritical!  Native American? NO  So many lies can't keep straight
@SenateMajLdr  Warren needs to be investigated over this;
Do you mean like how you LIED about being Native American? Also this:
oh don't worry as Nancy told us we'll know what's in the plan after we pass it. I mean get real. U had ur chance!
"could be"? Scaremonger much?
I trust them with my money more than I trust your socialist loving ass
its the dems that have a problem accepting defeat. Lefties need to grow up and let the POTUS work and E.W. who likes u
everyone is gonna wait till it's too late,, our country is going down and no one will save us!!
I don't understand why the  @SenateGOP want to kill is all
Thank You GREAT WORK. STAND STRONG WE R WITH YOU
I think her twitter account is ran by some angry feminists....
Can't you bring them up on charges of contempt of congress?  #RESIST @JoyAnnReid @KeithOlbermann @DavidCornDC #RiseUp
withhold consent on vote.  no biz as usual.  not normal.
Sad thing is, it IS a game to them.The GOP has proven time and again,they could care less about anyone but themselves
how about you show up to work on time?
Thanks Sen Warren. History will not judge these Republicans kindly. Our country is at stake!
if they lied to the senate that's a prosecutable offence right? Pursue an investigation and charges
you mean like you lied about being Native American? Republicans going to have a super majority in 2018!!
To Trump everything is a contest and about him winning. The @SenateGOP have shamed our democratic process.
get some rest and trust the american people will know what to do when the right time comes
Are Americans getting safer? Are more employed because of him? NOT A CHANCE
like you LIED about Cherokee heritage to steal a Harvard scholarship?
Please GOP, fight tooth and nail, against these nominees, DeVos, Sessions, supreme court nominees, Trump ban, fight!
When are you running for President?
ha ha  ha ha ha ha ha ha. Guess who else lied Lizbeth???!   You did..SURPRISE!  Indian..NOT Indian...
The level of corruption in the GOP and this President is mind boggling. #saveourcountry
I agree, Hiawatha.
1/32 Native American?
- What did they lie about, they're ethnicity?
O, but it is a game, and guess what?  We won. You lost. No participation trophy for the losers.
thank you for your tireless and continuous effort to fight for us. 
When did the economy become important to you after the disaster of Obamanomics. Only jobs, flipping burgers.
wait, did you think half the country was playing in Nov when they voted for Trump? #youllsayanything #youdontlisten @SenateGOP
