.@usedgov’s student aid enforcement office was literally created in response to DeVry & other for-profit colleges’ fraudulent behavior.
Is @BetsyDeVosED trolling us with this DeVry hire? It's astounding, & it’s exactly why I launched #DeVosWatch. https://www.warren.senate.gov/devoswatch/ 
We continue to complain dems what are you doing?
 ENOUGH COMPLAINING DO SOMETHING!!!
Bush43 repeat is on schedule. 

Why pass deregulation laws when you can hire ppl who will ignore regulations and let corruption flourish?
It is sad that our next generation has to suffer because of greed and incompetence.
Maybe they can find/punish those who lie about their #NativeAmerican heritage in order to abuse the #affirmativeAction system.
She is stealing money from our youth!
The biggest jokes are Trump & DeVos
Oh my!! You just quoted scripture then tweet something like this when YOU scammed your college lying about being a Native American
Prison for Pokey!!!!
Got something to hide Liz?  Only criminals are fearful of cops!
Considering the taxpayer funding the Socialist Daycare Centers (aka "universities") receive, they are ALL "for profit"! DEFUND NOW!
So ludicrous! We are becoming the idiocracy.
Devos is an embarrassment!!

National Hurricane Center: South Florida is under a hurricane warning http://bit.ly/2eO1yi8?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter_WPLGLocal10 … 
Keep up the heat on these people who do not appear to understand conflict of interest.
You have got to be kidding. What is she doing? How do we stop her. I live in NJ our schools are great.

Shut up warren.  Your a major malcontent.
Horrifying .. Blind leading the dishonest
14)Thank you I look forward to seeing what you and fellow senators can do about this situation! #impeachtrump #drainthetrumpswamnow!
12) trump must be removed from office he stole election! This blight on society is dividing our country! #impeachtrump! #drainthetrumpswamp!
11)we are on the verge of a nuclear war! Enough already! We are counting on people like you S.Collins, J. McCain and others to do your job!
10)trump is out of control! Ending DACA and all of policies Obama put in place! We should not live in fear everyday! Our country is a mess!
9)trump and family use the US tax payers to fund trips, vacations and is bankrupting America all while demanding tax cut for the rich!
8)Why are US middle class footing the bill for this out of control indulgent administration? Mnuchin uses plane for day trips with wife?
Who's guarding the sheep  the darn Wolf  Really Trump
7) trump is heartless and a cruel bigot! How is it the P. Ryan and McConnell are allowing this behavior?
6)trump is unfit for office his tax cut for the rich only serve him and his band of criminals! America is a laughing stock! I am a from MA.
5)please get you fellow senators to start working for the US citizens! There is to many senators and congress members excepting trump bribed
4) The White House is being run as a pay for play w/trumps pals running important positions. The administration is ill prepared and ignorant
3)Trump is running our nation into the ground. He only serves his base, family and elites . The administration is a joke & embarrassment
2)president Trump is mentally unstable and unfit to serve! The majority has no faith in rogue president! Election was rigged. #impeachtrump
1)Dear Elizabeth was you return to D.C. Remember majority of US want No tax cuts for the rich, no funding for DACA in force, Trump impeached
Haha. You liberals have lost your collective minds. He was a assistant to the dean of engineering. Why do you assume he was guilty of fraud?
Not shocking but really terrible.
That's like hiring El Chapó to lead the DEA!
Crawl back in your hole Porkahontas.
The United States is CRASHING & BURNING! AND U & UR COLLEAGUES R DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT! HISTORY WILL TELL THIS TALE! @cnn @NBCNews @ABC
it just shows how scary it is having this woman in charge of our children's education
Just resign
This administration aims to destroy public education 
. Breaks my heart as I have spent my lifetime working to make it the best I can.
I always read it as 'used gov' ... certainly being used and taken advantage of now
Someone is jealous of @BetsyDeVos
Betsy DeV is a despicable fraud and should not be allowed to appoint anyone and should be removed by any means possible asap
Corruption runs deep in the trump administration
This is the total Trump gov M. O. Hire people who r CROOKS to catch CROOKS (ya rite) I wonder why they never catch people (what a shock) SAD
Well, they will be able to recognise their own kind...and hide them in the shadows
Of course she did.
You have so much hate in you. ...I'll pray for you....
Kinda like making $400,000 to teach one class at Harvard?
Another case of a fox put into a hen house.
My god. It's like they're mocking us. These people have to be stopped. There has to be a way to stop the evil. Remove these people ASAP!
She is truly deranged! We have to get rid of her our country deserves education for all free!
So I agree this is a conflict of interest but those Devry claims are a sham. Devry & the things learned there provide well for our fam today
So wrong
You certainly have a huge amount of experience with shams at colleges huh?!
Of course she did. These Teump picks have no shame. In fact, many were selected because of their shameful positions and actions. Deplorable

Yep I'm draining the swamp so I can hire the bottom feeders. #NOT-MAGA
thank you Senator Warren.
This mattersSO MUCH! Devos is poisoning ourEDsystem! Please read re her and let our voices be heard!The ED of American children is at stake!
E'thing DevosDOESspurs anger! She hasNO RIGHTin this position! When trump isREMOVED,so should SHEbe!SheISas incompetent and dishonest as he!
And you lied on your application for College, which is fraud that you were American Indian! I declare you to be Chief of the Slapahoe's
Wanted: Have hen house. Need fox to guard. Apply Trump Admin.
I would love to know who advised him to pick all these winners for cabinet positions.
Strange how in ANY OTHER job candidates have to be qualified! #dumbestcabinetappointeesever
As a tax payer, I am being ripped off due to a payroll filled with UNQUALIFIED individuals!
How does this keep happening where are the grown ups
Smart woman ,hiring former crook to find crooks
Thinking out the box
I applaud
The wolves are in the hen house
Former DeVry Official or Academic? Why not offer all sides of debate. Was he involved in business side or academics? Guilt by association?
Almost as shocking as hiring a fake Indian to meet a racial quota! #FakeIndianRealHypocrite
Why? Keep fighting @SenWarren!!
Why am I not surprised???
You ask a crook to look for crooks. Realy
Why is anyone surprised???  She is the ultimate "conflict of interest" hire/appointment of the century!  Of course she's going to hire him!

A crooked cabinet head hiring a crooked cop. Unreal.   

Umm fox watching the gen house comes to mind! Takes one to know one? Pot calling the kettle black? Who the hells in charge?
#resist
We are in trouble if he didn't realize he was committing fraud will he recognized it or wait for court to tell him
And your problem with that is?
It takes one to know one.
Crooks to watch the crooks
Betsy Devos is a 
I'm still blaming Sen. Rob Portman and others who voted to confirm her.
E Warren is a wacko peace of crap
WTF
Mouse and cheese syndrome.
Idiot !
WTF resign resign resign now
Is it just me or does it seem like all news about #POTUS and POTUS related could just very well be a story from @TheOnion
I mean, what do you expect from a huckster fraud like DeVos?
go #BetsyDeVoseED #HigherED #WATCHDOG
Soulless?  Clueless?
Our idiot, corrupt education department, folks.
And how much did you take for a speech 400k? You are a typical Democrat. Do as we say not as we do!!! Hypocrite!!
Yet another fox to guard the henhouse.
She is Delores Umbridge.
Another one of Trump's best? Another dim bulb.
Elizabeth Warren pretends to be minority so she can get sympathy. We call it a lie, but she calls it political.
This is Trump racketeering at it's most basic. He is buying Betsy and she knows she can buy others. That is them in a nutshell. Money $$$$$$
Betsy knows better. Unfortunately, she's not honorable.
The education section of the administration is a complete sham.
You just can't make this stuff up!
The fox in charge of the chicken coop. Shameful Michigan elitists!
Least Betsy did not hire #BankFraudBernie @SenSanders or his wife.
For 8-yrs, you did not believe this was an issue until @realDonaldTrump
Not the end of the world people. Very dramatic in here.  Trump Train going south to build the best wall ever. All Aboard!! #MAGA
Disgusting- they are flaunting their disdain for American's.

what about sham native Americans
The entire Trump administration is a joke!
Seriously? What is wrong with @BetsyDeVosED ?? Way to protect the interests of STUDENTS, the whole reason your job exists. 
It takes a thief to catch a thief. We will hire the worst of the worst to clean up America.
WARRENS ISSUE IS THAT DEVRY IS MAINLY BLACK, THATS WHY. SO THE LADY ISNT GOOD ENOUGH FOR HER WHITE ASS
You're a joke
There are things as a Senator you can do. DeVos is not right and needs to go, "follow the money."
Never did I imagine the United States Presidential Administration could undermine ALL existing federal programs. Embarrassed for Trump.
She's the boss, you're the jerk!
You need to do the American people a favor and go away
Unbelievable.  She needs to be removed from her position.
This is the never ending nightmare :.. can we just impeach 45 already ?
What a freaking joke!
Pocahontas can you xplain to me you earned $350,000.00 to teach ONE class and thats not criminal, immoral or "for profit" you injun you!!
This is insane!
Really now..doesn't take much digging - DeVry Phoenix, https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2016/12/devry-university-agrees-100-million-settlement-ftc … What's next pardon Bernie Madoff to help with Gvt Budget !!
Amazing!
Doesn't someone w/that kind of power need to be confirmed by congress? He doesn't need access to this information.
FROM ONE #BETSY TO ANOTHER ONE.
not surprised at all... why should anybody be?
Sen. Warren. If you don't want the fox in Hen House U. be proactive. Otherwise you are my hero.
She came to Tallahassee and visited two charter schools but not the public schools. Just another millionaire slumming.
Marrying into money doesn't mean she became intelligent. Seems, like she's a, 'Let them eat cake.' sort of broad. Dumb as a box of rocks.
How Does this happen? What can we do?
More of the same. Unbelievable cronyism and incompetence.
Yep cleaning the swamp by putting the snakes in charge of the mice.
Only the fool that we have as President now would hire someone like this
Anyway, DeVry, DeVos....all kinda mixes together in my mind, you know?
THERE'S NO END TO THIS HYPOCRISY 
She should never have been placed in the position that she now has. Just goes to show you the intellect of mr. Trump
Good it's about time we started cleaning that mess up. Thanks for letting us know #worktogether
Great week.  This, &  removing list that tracks sex assaults on campus & forces some school accountability for safety.  Helping students?
Seems legit. I'm sure no cash was involved.
Sorry sorry sorry
pocafraudas
Oh crap. Where'd she crawl out of? Just when we thought she was missing.
Is this real life?
I felt lucky to have my children born under Obama until it came to be that this monster is in charge of their education
A fake Indian hires a fake college executive!!!!!!!!!! LOL This is comedy gold.
I guess DeVry is safe.
So what?
Not surprised! The degree of incompetence, division and lunacy put forth by this administration is appalling. #neverbeforeneveragain #nbna
No one was available from Laureatte??
At least he will know a sham college when he sees one!
"The people the left love to hate"
https://www.facebook.com/Jason.Webb.TSS/posts/487726064926484 …
Ms. DeVos is another #moron of the @realDonaldTrump administration. Hopefully she'll get fired or resign soon for her incompetency.
The entire trump administration is full of horse shit. They want to make millions off of tax payers. WE say NO trump and DeVos need to go!
You are so 2 faced!
Sham? @SenWarren pretended to be native American for self-enrichment purposes & gripes about tuition costs yet charges $400K for a class.
Piss poor judgement
WTF?????
I am lost...what is wrong with people? I am going to hire the car thief to fix my car. @BetsyDeVosED you are proving our initial fears
It takes a fraud to know a fruad, takes one to know one
Who isn't a crook on Trump's Team? What's left of it!
not indicted 
not invited
Guess it takes one to know one.
Oh, yes, Schmoke can bring his extensive insider knowledge at corrupt DeVry to ferret out similar student aid frauds!
will cowardly POTUS "fence-walk" on 9/5/17 with hope Congress' Repubs can somehow legislate away Dreamers dreams for him?
Read Dark Money. Explains all of their evil scheming.
Hey Dizz-Lizz, how about policing you sham politicians?
This is what happens when everything is privatized for profit Suggested read: http://aradicalblackfoot.blogspot.com/2007/02/capitalism-system-run-by-and-for.html …
Takes one to know one??
Lord help us!!
So what
Sounds like a great choice!  You are so filled with hate you can not think clearly
Might as well include the "faculty " of Trump University as Assistants
She wants to destroy public education. She fits in with Trump & his band of thrives.
You anarchists took over the colleges to cause a Civil War in America let's get rid of you and vote you out
@BetsyDeVosED Thanks for being so transparent about who you really serve. :| Hope you can look students in the eye later.
Could you try to focus on stopping drugs from killing our kids rather than your BS pandering.  GOD I CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE AGAI TS YOU!!!!
Pure GOPism.
Like @realDonaldTrump University!? #maga #nevertrump #resistance @genjohnkelly
Omg can they not do anything right?
Is Betsy's hiring of a proverbial fox to guard the dept. of education's hen house enough for removal? If not, what is?
This is disgusting
