And to show his tax returns.

You know, like he promised.
he will when the audit is done like he promised. Like it would make any difference now. It's over
Highly doubt he ever will. Highly doubt. And the audit is no excuse. He's got something to hide.
funny thing he does not have to show them. It's not a law. Get over it
We will never get over it because he's hiding something.
just like Hillary was hiding stuff. Where is your outrage about that? Double standard?
86 followers? Never mind, go away troll.
Not only is Trump insecure, but if these are not trolls, so are his followers. 
and NOT involve his children in business and political matters!!!
why can't his children be involved? What problem does it pose for you?
The kids are not separated from the family's business interests. You can't govern the US & line your pockets.
did u speak out about Hillary and the corrupt Clinton foundation. Bet that slipped your little mind didn't it
We're still waiting for those tax returns to!
and we are still waiting for the dems to be honest and accept their loss no luck there either
oh the Russia card. You are so clever. Come up with that yourself or did MSM help you out.
too late for you. Yes you guys were so clever. Having fun celebrating your election victory.
Excuse me?  What exactly is your point?
Her ancestry has nothing to do with Trump's issues. However, she didn't falsely claim anything.
Aren't you going to backup your claims with facts? BTW you know the meaning of infidel, right?
How do you know her ancestry? This isn't related to Trump putting assets in a blind trust, btw.
RELINQUISH his Control?! NEVER!!! Oh, he'll lie and say so but it'll be a lie in his never ending chain of lies!
@Myrnoproud1 @realDonaldTrump what about his debt, we need to know the makeup of his personal financial statement
well u should hsve clinton out on her foundation need to release MOA w/ obama to see extent of violation
https://apple.news/A0uaLOqT6S3S9rz1L--MRCA …
Or by renouncing US citizenship and going to Russia where he belongs. #gulag #orange
what happens if he & cabinet choices don't divest before the inauguration? What happens then?
Oh I think he has much bigger problems
Careful @SenWarren , asking @realDonaldTrump to do that will just piss him off. Wouldn't want that. Golden rule and all. #PissOffTrump
We also need a law requiring candidates reveal their taxes, and have in place plans for
he is a Russian sympathist and a traitor. can he be tried for treason?
Trump couldn't divest if he wanted to since his debt is huge & his only asset is his lackluster name.
# Don't be worried....we have something called impeachment....Great way to go
divesting themselves from private interests. The Russian mob will own the US with this rate.
@Jean_ie @realDonaldTrump That's like the asking the devil to give up souls
Keep the pressure on. You are our voice.
Warren, grow up!
We need a law that requires all presidential candidates undergo independent psychological testing.
Corruption and a dictatorship now owns Washington.  Good luck with that.
Our leaders didnt stand up to russia, so...
soon DJT, with all his conflicts of interest, will be exposed for the fraud he is, and bring down complicit republicans with him
@UdnSpeak4me @realDonaldTrump    As every President before him has done.
I think Trump should go back to his business.
of course, he could keep his assets and hand over the presidency…
PLEASE stand up for us and insist on ethics reviews for all nominees-- we can't have a gov't corrupt from top to bottom
A Real Blind Trust - not one eye peeking. What is the status of those tax returns BTW?
warren shut the ....up
@SV99999 @realDonaldTrump I think his lawyer at yesterday's press meet was clear & explained the shortcomings of various options.
he needs to fully divest and his close family as well.
He will never be legitimate until he follows our values. This is America, not Russia.@OfficeGovEthics @msnbc
thank you for fighting for what is right!  Stop #trumpTrainWreck
Run for Presidency, if u BAN ALL HUNTING TROPHIES n unjustified hunting n abuse u have my support!
is he going to get away with an other scam !Is he above the law ? He is cheating his way in to the white house!!
Well his kids are blind to what's moral and just; so isn't that enough?
He would also benefit by behaving more like an adult and stop tweeting about the Golden Globes!
Show me your money you hipacrit.
and the Hillary foundation the public dissent is growing but not all are tied to the Democratic Party as there is no democracy
He thinks this is a reality show
divest, create real blind trust, show us tax returns, or do you have lots to hide, Agent Orange? Come clean now!
stand up f the people stop trump go back thru all twitters and account that trump has said u will see a pattern
....Or resign.
we don't no what they are until he releases his taxes
Where are the tax returns?!  Putin knows!
or resign
He won't do it!  Just like his refusal to present his taxes.  How could this even happen?! I'm sad and scared!
and where are those tax returns!
.@SenWarren, @realDonaldTrump: It's wrong for you to want me to go blind. More liberal hate! Dishonest media will never report! Sad.
@papacarl1956 @realDonaldTrump Trump doesn't even know what a blind trust is.  He thinks you're talking about his followers.
get ready to take him to court
Please INSIST he do this. Also, NO FAMILY ON WHITE HOUSE STAFF. We are not a banana republic!
@jjbenz19 @realDonaldTrump Is there an echo n here bc-somehow-we ALL got theLesson but not ALL appear subject to it #RacistDouble
He would need to completely liquidate the companies, tear the name off all those buildings.
And divest his family from the official business of the White House.
and thanks to your ignorance Children like these will suffer!!
It's like speaking to a brick wall. These r great ideas Elizabeth but simply not gonna happen. He isn't  interested #lipservice
agreed but you would have to explain to him the definitions of many words in that sentence-respect ur effort
Just like Dick Cheney.Cult of the blind.Why are they still so angry?Trump building his global empire with other ppl,s $.Yours included.Gre--
If Donald doesn't adhere to the blind trust what are the legal options and remedies and who is responsible?
His understanding of a "blind trust" is 2 put his sons in charge & Ivanka sitting in on meetings!  REALLY?!*
PLEASE hold Trump to US standards. He & family must DIVEST. PLEASE no hearings wo vetting/clearance. US first.
System corrupt, ELECTORAL proved all "paid whores" forgive the label but Trump and supporters are just that 
It won't happen.He is in this for the money he can make.He will drain this country for all it's worth &walk away
; Oh go stick a sock in it Warren. Nobody cares about your juvenile statements. Just embarrassing!
How can it possibly be a "blind trust?" We don't know all his holdings, but he sure as hell does. So do the kids
He is not sane. Cannot make rational decisions. Rationalizing with a two year old.
move on Warren, lots to do in this country, the voters have decided, please get off this topic and do something
Leave fantasy world, that will take years and cause serious financial hardships.
We are against Tillersson too for violating R Sanctions
your mouth is moving and all I hear is blah blah blah
Remember when? Lying liars always lie. It's pathological.
-we're also waiting to see his tax returns and to hear "the things he knows that no one else knows" on Russia.
It seems that will never happen just like never seeing his Tax Returns
For his kind of financial interests, there is no such thing as a blind trust.
Too bad his son-in-law is going to be part of his advisory staff. Nothing but conflict for incoming admin.
yes we need his tax returns, and no confirmation hearings without ethics review for anyone.
So true, he is going to rob America like his BFF Putin is doing to russia @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
POTUS  always has conflicts (e.g. tax law), but cannot recuse.  Divestiture is necessary to avoid corruption.
Americans let this abnormal old Guy do whatever he wants because he is so hard hearted and bullies Everyone!
says the lady that faked an ethnicity to gain her power/wealth status.
@PumaSF Since he is not doing that I sure hope you all are prepping impeachment papers so public can demand it happen.
everyone with a brain understands that
Trumps ego WILL BE his downfall. The question is how long is it going to take?
Conflicts? Didn't he just hire his son-in-law to be his presidential adviser?!!! Someone stop this guy!!
That's never going to happen. Trump will do just what he wants with Congress' ok
Obviously,not going to happen.America and the World are witnessing a robbery in planning to the robbery in progress. @jjbenz19
This person got the ultimate World power under the worse circumstances and instincts. He has no boundaries or filters. @jjbenz19
America's decisions has life/death for citizens at home but lives (men, women and children) abroad,esp People of Color. @jjbenz19
Indeed!!!!!!!!!!!
Or resign , that's the best option
so... Elizabeth Warren is still a thing...
Elizabeth, no one asked for your biased legal opinion. Shut your trap!
Without doing what needs 2 b done, inauguration delayed permanently. New elections. Iligimate Trump. Go 2 hell
#financials  With so many family mbr's. protecting him and repeating lies we'llnever know the whole story/truth.
Trump can't do that.  He expects to make a lot of money while president.  He is president, he is above all laws
Ask him, he will tell you
the people that work for trump are real with real families. The families can't be put in a blind trust.
is he a member of the Clinton Foundation? #feelthebern
Look, old lady, @EricTrump cut ties with @StJude because of YOU PEOPLE. Get a REAL job, then squawk.
Odds of that happening: I'll win the lottery first.
what of personal guarantees to his debtors?
@ManMet80 @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU Senator Warren!!!
#liberalprivilege
I never heard you say that about your corrupt friend Hillary Pay for Play. Get serious you double standard fool.
that's another problem with u demoncrats u only see one way to do things no brains no imagination
@realDonaldTrump promised to release his taxes. #StillWaiting
is only interested in ONE thing: HIMSELF.
sounds great but this  old man will probably not severe his business ties. He is one  billion dollars in debt.
Wake up...he is never gonna do it.
he needs to come clean , from all we Don't Know !!! Not my President !!
Please help establish the PROGRESSIVE PARTY.  The Dems will always remain a corporate party.  This is not YOU and ME.
One of Cruz's top 5 donors was Goldman Sachs. Talk about conflct.
Sure, but he doesn't know what a blind trust is. He said it himself.
We still have yet to see his taxes. That is IF he even files his taxes. Media stopped asking.
if u owe money to the oligarchs, divesting will not eliminate conflicts. IN light of Russian connection, demand FULL DISCLOSURE
yes, & turning them over to your children does not count
exactly!
Is is possible for @realDonaldTrump to create a true blind trust if his name is on everything? I doubt he can sever all ties.
That's like asking Hannibal Lector 2 becm a vegetarian ... never gonna happen.  #TheResistance #ImTheAvalanche
@DAVIDCOMFORT @realDonaldTrump He is placing them in a DUMB trust by giving them to the poison skittles
I expect leadership from my elected officials to protect me from our PEs dangerous conflicts of interest
thank you Indian chief!
.Sen.Warren: U know "Blind" Trusts are rarely blind - but 20/20- as BT pres candidate Romney admitted
This constant harassment by bought & PD for politicians is what annoys me & elected TRUMP.
Completely agree and support this position.
"Finding Dory" taught me there's never only one way. e.g., Trump could avoid conflict by turning down the job.
#bullypulpitsuckmytweet Your tarriff policies will effect your bottom line, you said you would be Pres for $1.00
will that trust be run by a team of Russians Lawyers?
And, who will over see his decision making and personal gain if he doesn't?  Because he won't.
. Just like you did granny?
You mean like Bill and Hillary did to screw us?  Nope Donald leaves that crap for the Clintons
then hold his feet to the fire! Stop talking and start doing!
how is it legal to name family members as part of his inner circle?
the rules don't seem to apply to him.
The only way for Warren to truly eliminate conflicts of interest was to support Bernie in the dem primary.
he won't. Hold hm accountable! @SenateDems @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
Problem with that @SenWarren , he isn't trustworthy enough to do that.  Needs to become the law, not just a request!
Problem is he doesn't know what one is and by the looks there's nothing much to sell off but debt and his name
says you.
I must say you have a lot of nerve, giving Donald Trump advise on a business matter.
Is that what Ted Kennedy or any Other Dem did?????
ironic you didn't care one bit abt HRC conflicts of interest as Secretary of State. Didn't seem to bother you.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Tweet shows WARREN'S limited knowledge how financial systems work in this country.She has devastated little inv
it's really sad  @realDonaldTrump can't fire your ASS
to him a blind trust is coding his eyes while he tells his kids how to run his business. What a joke.
- He won't do it. Beware of him!
@FoxNews @SenWarren  needs some attention so here we go again jumping on the band wagon,with her worthless opinions!

Has it happened yet? Does anyone see it happening? And what consequences for not divesting?
Mr.Trump, you still have yet to show us your Tax Returns. Please release 'em!
it's clear #DonaldTrump isn't going to do that.

What will you @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats do about it?

#EmolumentsClause #Trump
When Democrats don't control the Senate or the House, it isn't reasonable to believe
NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN as GOP outplays DEM 100% and we have TRUMP LAWS NOW
#divestdonald
.

CAN YOU RELATE A LITTLE BIT WARREN ???

.
He could resign. He's the proverbial dog that caught the bus.
He's never going to do this. He displays typical Oppositional Defiance.He doesn't believe the rules apply2him @realDonaldTrump
And they don't, apparently, because he's getting everything he wants.
Elizabeth, how does it feel to be nonsignificant?
that will never happen.  He is a narcissist and feels everyone is beneath him.  He feels he can do what he wants
But ethics and conflicts of interest don't apply to the Donald do they?
Mr.Trump didn't got himself in to politics because of the financial interests.Grow Up! #TrumpRules
I agree
has no interest in divesting. He'll force Congress to act, they won't. #ExecutiveCollarCrimes #GOP_Privilege
blind trusts won't work as pretty obvious when property sold and his name comes off the building
the whole point of divesting himself is it won't matter who owns the businesses after him
Help us Obi Wan....you're our only hope. @realDonaldTrump
Where are your tax returns, Mr. Trump?????
Trump did not run 4 the people. For connections influence . Just look at his cabinet. Judge him by what he does
His ego will not allow it.It's the bright shiny thing he built. Malignant narcissism's pathology drives behavior
AFTER he sells what he currently owns!  That is the only way for it to be truly blind.
Only way 4 US 2 eliminate armed civil unrest, debilitaing trade war, and potential war btw nuke powers = IMPEACH
Mr. Trump must choose: his business or the office of president. He doesn’t want to. He cannot avoid this choice.
and not hire family members!
what about yr flipping houses and ripping off Harvard by making $300k for teaching one useless class. Explain
but he just added to them instead by appointing his son in law as senior advisor
Note to Trump: Ivanka and Beavis and Butthead do not constitute a blind trust.
AND where are his Tax Returns??? We're still waiting!
- Senator Warren could you please look into the Giuliani/Blackberry cybersecurity alliance. Looks like Rudy/Don are still friends
Look lady the moron did NOT get the vote he's trying 2 b designated. The people voted 4 a woman at her than him.
I said 'RATHER' than him. 2.7 MILLION VOTES! Hillary is the President, the 2nd 1 that cess pit is trying 2 rob.
hey Elizabeth , you clowns lost in Nov, now go back to protecting immoral
Liquidate his assets And then to pay off all his debts.
how would you know?  Just sit down and wait your turn.
The real reason may be the trump is insolvent. Sale value of  assets less than the outstanding debt
I'd like to place you in the back of a limo with a blind driver.
he won't. So what R the dems going to do about it?You didn't stand by house reps protest of electoral votes?  U roll over-why?
That worked for Secretary of State Clinton. No conflicts between job and foundation at all. RIGHT? right..? ...
