A sitting U.S. Senator inciting bedlam...she's mad because Hillary lost and a bitter, bitter hater of freedom..#BanWarren
no Muslim ban okay why don't you tell that to the girls family that was just killed because of a Muslim sacrifice in Texas
What the crazy are you talking about?
"Is an alt left Nazi" & also God's gift to the Republican party.
Everything anybody needs to know about Muslims happened on 9/11.
@uniteamericaorg Liz, you're a crazy old bat...go back to your teepee!
U make this about the partIES. This is about being smart. Ur foul mouth and anger show the bad side of America.
how could you possibly have supported the last Pres Dem nominee--knowing full well about the Pay to Play scam
your most telling moment...sad there was no Muslim Ban
So we should just turn our country over the the globalist to destroy, just like Europe?
YOU'RE AN ASS. Their religious beliefs do NOT coincide with women, children, gays and our laws. STOP fighting for ISLAM!!
Get the 90day Temp Travel Ban Passed for Our SecurityIf the Left Wing Judges keep the bullshit up,they will have American blood on their
So it's okay to believe in killing ppl? That's not a religion
Why do we have a visa process if all you have to do is get here, we will protect you. Why not scrap immigration laws, lets see what happens
Thank you for saying what is in American hearts tonight!
Thank you Sen Warren. I appreciate you and the people of MA who you.
thank k u
Go away
Thought u had a brain its a 90-day HALT not a Ban. Typical democrats that cause DRAMA.
How many refugees have you welcomed to YOUR neighborhood? #hypocrisy 2setsofrules #panderingforvotes
.@SenWarren Oh u go girl!
#SoProud to still being an American despite our #45THPresident!
#NoBanNoWall #NoMuslimBan
We will not allow a Muslim ban in the United States of America. Here's what I said at Logan Airport tonight. #NoBanNoWall 
nothing good is going to come from Trump - you must not encourage or support him in any way - voting for Carson was a mistake
why are you calling it a Muslim ban when you know it is NOT - so dishonest
what we need is Elizabeth Warren to run for president ! #readyforwarren #run #resist

Impeach him!!
Well said, Senator! To promote fear is to promote hate. We are better than this. #NoBanNoWall #notrump #NoHateNoFear
@hoistingmysail RIDE OR DIE!
Quran (38:44) - "And take in your hand a green branch and beat her with it, and do not break your oath..."
THIS is what America is

THANK YOU!!!!!! #NoBanNoWall #UnitedWeStand
: Muslims will only know if they will get into heaven when they get there, Unless they are killed while killing non Muslims.
@Zohreen did you tell them to lie and say your INDIAN then they can get a Cush job 4 $300k teaching one class a year#FRAUD
#PsychoWarren #EnemyOfUSA #ImpeachWarren
Please show me in the Constitution where it says the US must take in unvetted refugees who might want to kill us. Exactly. 

#NoBanNoWall
@TPol2017 LIKE A BOSS!!! FULLY SUPPORT!!!! 
NO #MuslimsWall !!
#ResistanceInAction
#TheResistance
Let's get all those already sent back,on a plane to US,I hear Trump plane sitting idle. @SenWarren
I love and respect you so much Senator!
from this Canadian  Bless you Elizabeth Warren
YOU CAN LEAVE WITH THEM Pocahontas
Thank you Senator. Please vote no on all Trump nominees and please read this
YOU mam are not the President and you are showing contempt for MY country take you buns back home and sit on them !
STOP LYING to the ppl.It's not a MUSLIM BAN. if that were the case many other countries where muslims live would be on that list.
says the women that lives in a gated community!!
to protect the herself from right wing Christian terrorists, you guys are scary and all have guns.
Did you just generalize a religion as a whole? 
I did, that is very stupid right? You dint like it. Neither do the Muslims when you do it to them, like all the time
THANK YOU for showing them how it's done! #NoBanNoWall
You lost your argument as soon as you linked Brietbart. @TheHipHemo @SenWarren @BreitbartNews
not a single one of those bullshit links can be verified or fact checked. Try harder, little one.  @TheHipHemo @SenWarren
Ok.  Prove it's not true.
Burden of proof is on the accuser, Sunshine. If you claim it, you need to prove it.
@ReiswigR You better say NO to all of the rest of Trumps cabinet and grow a pair.
Could you tell us where are #ISIS? In which countries? Why are they killing christians?
they are killing muslims too because ISIS hates humanity. Do you want to join them or fight them?
I know it ... except leftlist @SenWarren
I don't understand what you are saying.
#democrat were lassy for 8 years with #Obama. Radical islam has to be stop  @SenWarren
Great point (and so well articulated). Banning refugees will do nothing to stop ISIS.
Isis is infiltrating refugee population, sunshine.
are they? Where?
WARREN 2020
where do send the check. Let's do this.
mte
Yes, yes, Warren in 2020. She would do as just as well as Hillary.
that's a really cool photo, thanks for sharing.
that's a really cool photo, thanks for sharing.
why didn't you run against Hillary in the primary?
The dream team should have been @SenSanders & @SenWarren they would have beat trump @BTWCelticShow
instead we got Hillary Clinton.  Worst candidate ever
The Democrat party wanted her and they ended up with Trump
exactly Debbie Wasserman Shultz et al.  Their fault this is happening
The Democratic party needs gutting from top to bottom. They are part of the problem
completely agree. They are useless
Move the fuck on.
Hahaha..a senator who has no idea what the constitution says or means. Vote her out she is a danger to our democracy and a bit of a loon.
thank you Senator... we need more like you! You are the reason I love this country
Hands right here in the HomelandAnd maybe will wake up one day when one of these Libtard,Dems,Or Judges has their or their family members
I'm confused. Why are we fighting for rights of those who broke the law to get here but those who come lawfully get deported for minor thing
Elizabeth Warren has a couple of sane banking ideas nothing more! She voted for Trump's nominees.
Buying votes
Let's stop talking about his inappropriate behavior and start talking about how to get this 70 year old idiot man/child out of office.
We want to be Earthling persons!
Not a Muslim Ban Liz a 90 hold while we tighten our security this happens again We Will All Blame YOU
You do know, airplanes can cross borders. Bans on people won't stop wars or make anyone safer. It's stupid to think that way.
how did you get re-elected? Come on people really
Amen. Now stop supporting his nominees.
did you read her argument? I was angry at first, but it changed my mind a bit. https://www.facebook.com/senatorelizabethwarren/posts/716640075165155 …
I hadn't read the full explanation - just a shorter one. Thanks for sharing. Gives me some things to think about.
My pleasure! Compared to many other leaders, when she says she will keep a close eye and call out BS I believe her.

do you have a link to the EO? It looks like it was removed from the WH website.
I don't think it was ever on the WH website.  CNN has it.
Yeah I saw an NYT version too, but would love to see the original.

Kinda like how you didn't approve his unqualified cabinet appointees? Oh, wait…
The ban is from particular countries not a religion, so stop saying it is a Muslim ban.
You Allowed the same kind of Conditions under Obama for six months.  You're just bring seditious.
*being
did you act like this when obama did the same thing in 2011???
didn't stop you from voting for Trump's cabinet.
its not a muslim ban you asshead
Where were you in 2011 when Obama halted Iraqi refugees, Fauxcahontas?
Thank you again!!!
thank you for standing up for Justice and the constitution
You are our pride and joy! Bless you and thank you for your strength of character and belief in what is fair and just!
I don't understand yall crazy people!! don't you relalize that it it those muslims who started with us
The Pocahontas cult has passed around the pipe too much.
OMG.  Sounds like a cult
I aspire to have your courage and strength. #NoBanNoWall
@trenni Someone please arrest this crazy old woman inciting a riot https://t.co/RHuZVRJSV4?ssr=true
you should be put in jail
WHY is it no one can actually READ the ORDER as it is written. This is why WE voted for Trump, tired of LYING and CORRUPTION
@janemarielynch you're a psyco
reread the EO. It is not a Muslim ban.
Trump is using shock stories as diversion Don't be fooled
At least Trump didn't lie about his ethnicity to get a larger amount on a check. You are pathetic.
Can't wait till your out of a job.
If Warren really wanted to resist she wouldn't be voting for Trump's nominees
Yes you will. You did nothing when OBAMA did it. You are such a phony!
This is what Warren's BIG MOUTH is causing; innocents to be beaten, bullied!
@PsicologaDra Go, go, go......great job
Lyin' again.  How is this a muslim ban when it doesn't include all muslim nations and it's not permanent. Stop exaggerating.
@TrickOrTreackle #warren2020
#NoBanWall #MuslimBanprotest 
You're pathetic:
whinny
sniveling
schreaching
lying
You're not a native america-you identity thief
Think I remember a common saying. “Actions speak louder than words.” Better than a lame hashtag.
@foxnews @foxandfriends President Donald Trump is protecting our country. We do not want another 9/11, Etc.  
.@SenWarren Where were you when Obama and Hillary were bombing 7 Muslim countries for the last 8 years. You are a partisan hypocrite.

thank you <3
Are you really this stupid? You're Fired! Get Out! America hates your views! Where have you been surly not out here in the public
@bonafidedamien that's right
you are an overpaid, hypocritical lair. Seriously you are the problem we the American people want out.
you're clueless.  Sit down somewhere.  #Americafirst
& u r a disgraceful hater of America& democracy.Enjoy ur free speech while u have it.Ucan thank us later when we save it
#Hypocrite #fool
You already did under Obama in regards to Iraqi refugees.
YOUR SPREADING FALSE NEWS - there is no Muslim ban.  Stop lying -- HRC did that & it cost her the presidency.
There you go lying to people again! You can't overturn his orders!  They ARE Constitutional!  We'll make sure you stay put!
stop the invasion. Muslims are not Native Americans. Return invasive species to their ancestral homelands. Learn environmentalism
@gomezstayIor good morning
you lost...
@MoveOn WHAT A LOON!!!!!!!!!! They want your head on a platter crazy lady
WHAAA WHAAA WHAAA.  YOU GUYS LOST. GET OVER IT. POCAHONTAS
I applaud you!
who cares what you say. We spoke on November 8 and we will vote you out next Pocahontas. Lying to get ahead your whole life.
do you say the same when obama did it or are you a hypocrite??? no need to answer...we know what a lying sack of feces you are!!!
do you have any comments about this???
Elizabeth Warren fails to disclose 1.3 Line of Credit: https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Elizabeth%20Warren%20Fails%20to%20Disclose%20$1.3%20Million%20Line%20of%20Credit%20-%20Breitbart&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breitbart.com%2Fbig-government%2F2017%2F01%2F27%2Felizabeth-warren-fails-to-disclose-1-3-million-line-of-credit%2F&related= …
Grandstanding for votes.  Hope voters see thru you.
I am proud of you senator Warren.
But u were ok when Obama instituted a 6 month ban on Iraq.  Total hypocritical liberal lunatic. Poke ya own ass Pocahontas
we don't need more potential terrorists. 'Nuff said. #FreeTheWesternWorld #NoMoreRadicalIslam
The ban is temporary while a new vetting process is created. Those who pass will be allowed into the country. #MAGA
@1andonlyOlivia you will never be president.
I moved to Mass on Thanksgiving and I am so proud to see people like you not only representing us, but fighting with us. 
Thank You for working so hard for us. I am so frightened about our future.
Suck it Goofy! Will you say the same if they harm one of your family?
We want a president like trump
need to give you credit for the fight and courage you're giving to the people.#wethepeople great job 
Would you trade places with a refugee?  Keep letting them in and you may find one day that you did.
Goddess bless you!
@KIsprogress YOU MUST FIGHT STEVE BANNON IN THE SECURITY COUNSEL.  He cannot be apart of the administration.  He has a record.
Good thing it is NOT a Muslim ban then!!!

@cbaker92redskin No one cares what you say any more. You won't get reelected. You are old news.
thank you
wasnt crying all these tears when Obama did the same thing. You're just grandstanding chief. You're huge hypocrite like all Dems.
#StopPresidentBannon cosponsor bill overturning exec ord MuslimBan. Act like our democracy depends on it
he is a deplorable!!!!!!!!!
politicians like you and #merkel wants more refugees and infiltrators and the locals will pay the price ! dirty #politics .
You better tall to Rudy, cause he says IT IS a Muslim Ban, wrapped up in. A pretty package.
Silly cow-get on your meds
Ugh....you're  annoying.
thank you for speaking out! #NoBanNoWall
What matters now is when will impeachment proceedings start? His stupidity continues if not halted sooner than late
#NOCRYNORIOT
sit down and shut up!!
proud of her !
We really need to know our true history.  Americans don't know what America is.  Look in the mirror, to the left/right/across st
LEGISLATE it, and force the R's to sign onto it! They will be kicked to the curb otherwise. Publcize deniers.#NoBanNoWall
Yes! Yes! Yes! @SenWarren
