Thank God! Let's go back to the free market system and regulate insurance companies to cover all and price on income.
hahahahahaha ummm thats literally what the ACA does though. It makes sure everyone is covered and subsidizes rates 4 ppl who can't afford it
The governments plan leaves you with no choice. What has ever been good about a government controlled anything?
You're confusing me because you keep saying "regulate this industry" while also saying the government controlling anything is bad soooo
It's not one extreme or the other. There are things that work on both sides that can create great plans and ideas.
This screenshot is from https://www.healthcare.gov . It shows us that insurance rates are currently based on income
It also states that Medicaid & Chip programs are available for people who can't afford coverage.
This screenshot shows us that ACA plans also cover pre-existing conditions.
Obamacare f $%#d those of us with insurance. Can't afford to go to the Dr because footing the bill for everyone else high prem. & deduct
We are calling! 
Oh good and I bet they are replacing it with a great Healthcare package. I want to be on their Healthcare insurance.
I hope this time we can get it done the American people want thisthey voted for this they didn't vote for U or clinton
I don't believe they have 50 votes when the CBO score comes out it's gonna show what a disaster it will cause
The problem is, even if they don't pass a bill again, they will just keep trying, over, and over, and over and..............................
9-31-17 bill dies in both House & Senate = why they're pushing again #ResistRepeal
I get that, but if this one fails, they will just introduce a new one.  It will never end.
Good it sucks. Be happy you don't have it
My son has it, trust me it doesn't suck!
So do I and it sucks big time! I'm paying a lot more for less and had to find new dr.
He did have to find a new doctor. Turns out he likes her better than the old doctor.
Good for him. He has the right to pay for plan as well as paying cash for visits. Unless he's really sick there's no plan at all
They must be stopped.  GOP have lost any morals they may have had once.  All about winning at any cost to the "people"'
Uh, it's not affordable!
so WHY would your friend #McCain flip on THIS version? it makes ZERO sense, but that's Trump's WH for ya, #BlackMirror destructive governing
HELP! IT NEEDS TO BE STOPPED!
We support you in stopping them.
Please don't let this happen.
Please stop this from happening!! Millions will die if this passes!!
It's you job to make sure they don't. Getting really tired of this crap. Get to work.
And the three no's are still no's as far as I'm hearing
Why should they be allowed to vote over and over on the same thing? It was defeated. Move on.
Amen
What happened with @SenJohnMcCain joh? Is he flaking now?
He said he wants regular order
LOL! Bye bye Obamacare!
America, hello to  rich arrogant cocks in government helping their rich fat hunts in the Insurance & drug companies fuck the poor right up
I certainly hope so.
Good repeal it!!
The scary thing is they may not have the votes stop texting and get us on your healthcare plan remember your working for us
I can't believe McCain would vote for this crappy bill hurting millions BC of Lindsay but I think that's what's up. Awful!!
McCain is a no
The only thing scary is looking at you.

Well then the mantle is on your shoulders (Congress) to stop the repeal!!
Time for a funeral. Not yours, Senator.
let's hope so
Again? Really? They are determined to harm and destroy people. I'm so sick of republican bs.
God help us
Please God, NO!!  Without my health insurance I will be dead!
The fuck they will! Light up the phones, kids!
@SenJohnMcCaln please get well soon and come back and do it again on healthcare!! America needs your again!
That would be great American's can stop paying for illegals! Well at least their healthcare. Let them go to er to meet ice! I'm done
While you all were pushing medicare 4 all that is unattainable Graham/Cassidy has been gaining steam. Hope you have a plan to stop it!!!!!
Not true. Let's not adopt false narrative used by right wing nuts. If we're fighting against something, we need alternative presented.
I agree. But they should have waited until Oct 1
Remember that Dems need counter argument & show of solidarity; Conyers HR676 in House now has Senate version-BOTH w/co-sponsors gives us
Dem response to GOP & other Americans asking what's OUT plan? Now we ref these two #MedicareForAll bills & gain citizen support to save ACA
While FIGHTING like hell for #MedicareForAll BEST option. IMHO
#StopTheGOP #noGrahamCassidy
One of my senators, little Marco, doesn't care what we have to say about it.  All he wants to do is hide from us and kiss 45's ass.
That is great news!!!!
God I hope so!
No can't let that happen!
And the GOP scared everyone into thinking there would be a "death panel" under theACA? What would happen without it???
Not to worry ..The Republicans are spindless.
Great news!!! Thank you!!!!
We need to learn to pull together to be a force that can affect the future of our country.  Let's commit to improvement not perfection.
Great news. Repeal
Good
Thank God
You know that #ObamaCare is unsustainable, and hurting many Americans badly, right #FakeIndian?
Please God of u r listening PLEASE MAY THEY HAVE THE VOTES!!!!
Well if they make it worse you Democrats will just have to fix it when you take over the House and Senate in 2018
Finally!
Hooray!!!
Does this mean your socialist agenda might be DOA?
For the sake of our country I hope so only a uneducated FOOL would have ever believed it would have worked or someone needing VOTES lying
 We MUST #VoteBlue2018 to get this country back on track. We need to restore EPA regs, save #ACA, restore other health saving acts lost!
Lets make sure that does not happen.
@WillSeattle @SenateGOP will be the end for GOP when voters affected by unaffordable health care/no recourse
many will flock to Medicare for All
Twitterville skewed toward party politics/IRL voters want to protect their families
they will move when they finally realize the GOP does not care if their children die
from preventable disease - they just don't believe it - yet
If anyone's got ready-to-go evidence of financial abuses or Russian influence on McConnell, Ryan, or other GOP figures, now's the time
They answer to Koch money, not to the citizenship.
#SAD!!!
I know, it's great.
@SenSanders cld have WAITED 2 DAMN WEEKS until 9/30! Big TV plug & SEVERAL Senators fell right in! He's never liked ACA, Obama or DEMS!
And then never be elected again.
Good!  Need to rid of another wastful bureaucratic mess.
*WASTEFUL
MEANWHILE, @SenSanders presents bill Medicare For All getting everyone's eye off ball! If ACA is repealed, there'll be HELL TO PAY! YOU TOO!
Are the people aware and listening ? The well off are always provided for.
Many folks will be left out under Republican proposal 
Yesssss!
Good
Affordable care my ass. Health care now is almost another mortgage payment. Affordable for who ?
Hurrah!!!!!!!!
For anyone all smug with employer coverage - this will screw you over if it passes. Limited benefits, pre-existing conditions limits etc.
Thank you God
Save ACA. We are not ready for one-payer insurance. Dems should be realistic about what is possible now. People want a viable ACA now.
No we want single payer!  Insuranc3 Companies make it too costly!
That's all you have left to run on is lies and deceptions
Then do something. Get off the Bernie wagon and fight for ACA.
Well stop fooling around with Bernie Sanders and do your job.
Once again, lying to constituents. Come on Liz!

Not as scary as another 6 years of you
Most Americans hope they do have voted to repeal it.
stop the fear & sending out Sanders who helped defeat Hillary & helped Trump, you&real Dems speak up
@MR_PRIME69 @SenateGOP
Here's a scarier thing; crazy aunt Liz is the next HRC
Yes
Not even ISIS will claim responsibility for this.
Let's hope they have the votes!
At it again! Trying to deny healthcare to 10s of millions, wow. Taking money from blue to red states. Offering $ & other for votes! Horrible
Noooooo
No your the Scary Thing 
Great 
It will be scary if they don't.
If they do, roll up your sleeves and do the necessary work to deliver a uniquely American plan for everyone
Why do you care! You want SP!
It's not scary, it's the right thing to do. The unaffordable care act was crammed down our throats. #DrainTheSwamp which includes you phony
You should have been a stronger/earlier supporter of HRC, EW.
Couldn't agree more.
It would be horrible if people weren't forced to buy over-priced insurance with astronomical premiums and deductibles. What to do?
Also pretty scary what they might replace it with.
Talk the talk but don't walk the walk... bad for Ma. https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/elizabeth_warren/412542/report-card/2016 ….
Good! It needs to be repealed. It sucks!!
I hope
#thankgod
Let's hope so!
And then in Nov 2018, you will be voted out. Oh what a happy day that will be for the people of Mass.
STOP the vote.
Republicans will have to be held accountable if they do. Terribly, millions will be irreparably harmed too. Can't believe this callousness.
So glad you are there for us. It is easy to get caught up in all the other stupid things going on. THANK YOU!
GOOD!! #obamacaresucks

ANOTHER deadline....ANOTHER attempt.... he we go again
Good.  It isn't affordable.  Do any of you actually listen to your constituents?
Our citizens voted to give Republicans control of the country. Now, we all will have to pay the piper as a result.
Thank God. Get rid of the crappy law and get something that works.
I know this sounds bad, but let them. They will have to live the fallout in Nov 2018.
No you misunderstand  ! The Dems will always own ACA!  They built it, they haven't fixed it......it's all on the DEMS
Isn't the Affordable Care Act more of a tax than healthcare?
It's not scary for someone like me who doesn't have healthcare and pays a fine, which I also can't afford. Also, you're not compassionate.

The ACA is the first step towards Universal.  Moderates shut your yaps and get on your phones.  Times a wasting!
45 is keeping people distracted with his CRAZY tweets.
We aren't that easy to distract anymore; our core is set on Trump/Russia!#TrumpResign
Let's only hope, you shoved Obama Care down our throats and coated it with lies to make it easier to swallow
Good!!!!
Maybe you should be fighting for members of Congress to have their healthcare through the ACA.
What's scary is that our government allows known liars to remain in the Senate. Here is a picture of n one.
I say let it happen and let the American people see just how hateful and corrupt @GOP Really are!
Good!!!!
Don't people understand Obamacare is failing,costs are going up and some insurers are dropping out
Another deadline? How long can this go on? Save our health care! Make ACA better but don't get rid of it! Easier to reform than replace!
That's why we elected them
No!!  Call your representatives people!!
More fear mongering for votes
Calling on Massachusetts to vote you out in 2018. You lie & use your position to scare ppl. ACA has been dead. We say no to socialism!
Heartless @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP !
About time so the illegal daca can't strap the legal citizens with more debt! 3.3 million not 800,000 poor little kids? Sneaking amnesty rt
Kill. The. Bill.
First of all call it what it is, Obama care and we all hope it dies
Hey Lizzy, if horse shit obumercare is so great why don't all you senators get on it? Because you know it horse shit health insurance!
How many deadlines do they get?!
It's horse shit health care insurance Lizzy, obumer care has had 400% premium increases, deductibles as high as $15,000! It's not affordable
Ms. Warren, how thin is the air where you are?
Can we stall them? Run  out the clock, so to speak?
Then if they do, all those people that voted 4 Trump will realize that they were just plain stupid, and will get what they voted 4. Sadly.
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal! Term limits. Do away with special coverage for  politicians.
This is rediculous.....
I hope they can and will
One can only hope... ACA is a terrible piece of legislature forced on the American people by lying politicians like yourself Liz
Bernie introducing his bill didn't help. They will pass it for sure now.
awesome...lets hope the GOP flushes all of obamas jihad against the USA
that would be awful!!!
So Im getting my $1200 a yr back?That YOU stole cause Im single an didn't want to buy health care that I never use.Good u owe me $3600 !
YAH !!!!!!
Yay!!!
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollns @SenCapito @RandPaul @VOTENO #NoGrahamCassidyBill #AmericansDeserveToLive #StandStrongForUSA #VoteNO
Do they really think we will stand for their refusal to represent the interest of the ppl, not insurance companies? Crazies all over, Kevlar
Term limits
While you're working w/Sanders on pie in the sky HC 4 all,Republicans wasted no time killing ACA that ppl need NOW. Where are yr PRIORITIES.
That's the end game for all democrats. Shitty Medicare for all. Well, except for government employees.
GOOD
Oh lady Indian oh ya not one, that is not a scary thing at all, actually u are the scary thing
THE DNC need to get Ads out - you guys are too quiet!
I pray that Senator McCain will realize that we can not afford to have less healthcare for more money. PLEASE FIX ACA.
Don't count on McCain for anything
When there is a turd in the toilet...flush it!!!
Then quit kissing trumps ass
And we pray they have enough Vote to do it! Obama destroyed American soil, Trump 2020
Good. Not scary
It's about time. We need to repeal the unaffordable care act. It cost way to much and be used by normal people. #worktogether
Calling on @lisamurkowski
@SenatorCollins 
@SenJohnMcCain  to defeat this bill again and lobby more @SenateGOP to join them.
Your days as a reckless senator are over Pocahontas! Our time, Republican conservative time to Make America Great Again! Trump2020 & forever
SCARY thing is...you voted no to audit the fed. Protector of people? You want $9 trillion hidden. SHAME ON YOU! That is the people's money!
You folks have had years to fix the OCare mess. But, now, we see it was prob designed to fail to initiate single-payer. Repeal.
It was but they never thought trump would win! Oops
Boo
#WeThePeople have 2 Save r Healthcare bc this Admin puts Profit over People (SAVE OUR HEALTHCARE) Click here->
Get a job. Trump 2020  Best President Ever!!!!
This is my job as an American- Read a NewsPaper, your best president hasn't done anything good 4R Country or the #FreeWorld
Only if u do the rt thing and vote with the conservatives. But they aren't from ur reservation though
Just trying to help Pocahontas and her tribe figure out government health care is unconstitutional and can't work no matter how much wampum
I been called a dick and a cult which gender is that my pseudo science friend. How bout telling me where I am wrong on the issues
I wish calling my senator would help but unfortunately his name is on the bill. Cassidy!
