Here....watch me talk about things. Love me. Please love me 
Take down the 9th circuit court and I'll raise you a 6th circuit court
Please be our next president.
You want a lady who lied and said she was Native American, for get free college, to be your next president.
Education works better than insults. I'm all ears, tell me why she sucks.
Look around you amigo america IS a insult already we have a manchild in office and you think that is fine i think its unfair for america
In Betrayal Of One’s Family And One’s Country there is a chapter on the 6th circuit court & a case thrown due to influence by a ‘rich man”
3. The 6th Circuit case that was intentionally thrown had ties to Soviet influence & $$$$$ deals
I've never been happier about a president. You're on the wrong side of history #FullBloodedCherokee
At least she is saving money on clothes
Vote Against Democrats keep our House Red! Bring back our American values No democrat government control over We The People! 7yr was enuff
#shutupLiz
2.The 3 judges handling the thrown case @6th Circuit R on tape laughing at another judge’s ruling because the judge was a Clinton appointee
What about your money in politics. Shouldn't everyone be concerned with you?!
If you're opposing him, he's a great choice for America.
oh, like obama's money in politics & hillary's money in politics & ur money in politics:) Lieawatha 4 ever.
thank you for fighting for all Americans.
Put your tin foil hat on tighter.   The signals haven't reached your brain.
Just how empty are the chambers on #Congress on any given day? Where is everyone?
Go sit down.
Sen Warren, you are my ab favorite Sen. Thank u for everything u do. Ppl at work tell me I should run too but don't think I'm cut out for it
Warren: "2+2=4"
Trolls: "lier! your a disgrace. . ur on wrong side of history!!!!!"
She just works for free?
Where is your anger for MURDERED DNC Seth Rich??? Oh wait... you don't care
You're worth 15m.
2m dollar mansion. 
350,000k to teach 1 course 
What about your money in politics?
"Elections have consequences" Barack Hussein Obama, hmmm hmmm hmmm!
You writers for your twitter account suck. Can't wait to vote you out.
How do I help stop the people that don't care about everyday people.
Another radical right-wing judge? So much for fair & balanced consideration of US laws
You've disgraced your alleged Indian ancestors
Don't discriminate against successful people. We have enough Stupids in government !
Nothing you say is believable.
Liz, at least be honest and admit the true grounds for your opposition: you hate Trump.
LOSER!
There is no more prejudiced person in the Senate than you.
If Pocahontas is against this judge he must be a fantastic individual
Liar!
You talk about another's money while Dem was flowing w corrupt money? Tell the truth to the People. More cash went through Dem.
Only means less likely to take bribes.
No confirmations until we see traitor trumps taxes
Fake news no evidence cannot confirm thx Pocahontas
Dizz-Lizz u make no sense, and ur money in politics!
PLEASE run for President!!!   So Trump can clean your clock!!!!!
Keep putting those conservaties on the courts, lets give the pathetic democrats a taste of their own medicine.
All politicians make more,a lot more than they deserve, including you and your mouth
YOU ELIZABETH WARREN WILL SAY ANYTHING TO GET PEOPLE TO BELIEVE YOU! YOU ARE A LIAR! One day God will be your only HOPE.
What a you and your lies to get more money in your pocket? Dizzy lizzy at it again. Lie, lie, lie.
and you feel that your in a position to make a stand against that.. You are a joke
My money is on Judge Thapar.  You lose again!  HaHaHaHa
Maybe its he holds to conservative values and Progressive lunacy
Bwahahaha!! Joke right ya millionaire
Lol YOU are pointing this out? Laughable hypocrite
What about your money Lizzie. Let's start an internal investigation where your money comes from.  Could it be your Native American heritage?
Don't know who this guy is but if EW is against him I'm against him.
Because you and the Dems are trash. Conservative and radical ?   You are what's wrong with our country  DJT will have his way   Believe it
telling it like it is!
STRIKING HOW DRUMPFS LIE IN WAIT FOR SEN. WARREN while country is getting stolen out from under all of us...a little help here!!!
How much are you worth off the backs of Americans? #hypocrites
Your ignorant
ironically written...
You know little. Talk with your mama and grow up
How about you and the Democratic party lying everyday to the American voters
That's so funny, even when proven factwise, you still believe that,lying president , his  cabinet members lie for him. Corruption.

.
We need Campaign Reform like Yesterday. This has gotten out of hand 
isnt that why people get in politics, is to make money, because they sure as hell dont do anything for Americans
...his money in politics -   Your immediate wealth came from politics & so did $100+ millionaire Nancy Pelosi.
Same place your money and clintons is
I hope you have as much success as you did with #gorsuch
Take a DNA test
LIZZY YOU Waste Your Time And Ours YOU Fail LikeThe Liberal And Democratic Whiners. Jump And Scream All You Want Pander All You Want.SAD YOU
Remember what happens when yah point! Yep, them other smoke stained fingers are pointing back!
51 votes and hand the man a gavel.  Dingy Harry Reid not as smart as you and he thought he was right?
Wtf is with this specification of "dark" money....it's ALL money, get ALL money out of politics.
But the biggest reason is because you oppose everything. Why don't you get out of the way Liz? You're holding up progress!
As a Democrat and former law clerk to an Pres Obama-appointed COA judge... Thapar is thoughtful, intelligent. Will make a fine COA judge.
There are many worthwhile fights to have over the scourge of Trump appointments. But Thapar is within the FedSoc-curated mainstream.
Said by a Dem who supported a candidate for Pres who raised & spent $1 BILLION+ inc $350,000 per person fundraising dinners.
What?? You don't have ? You've been on gov. Welfare forever, go find your feather 
Thank you for your persistence, Senator.
We could say MORE ABOUT YOU!
LOL. Obviously you are a racist ... against Indians from India.
Catch this, Elizabeth Warren is concerned about money in politics.
Give me a break
like the Clinton foundation  do as we say NOT as we do @Veteran4Trump @realDonaldTrump
Please read a book on economics. The $15 minimum wage will kill jobs!
This is not about minimum wage, but dark money in politics.
