Will she also fight for the truth? Choosing not to have healthcare and not having access to healthcare are two very different things.
You won't have either with the ACHA. How blind can you be? Not one state or medical organization supports it
How will they not have a choice? Where are your stats from? I'm not blind, I have family drowning under Obamacare, and still can't see a doc
I agree have never reached my deductible since Obamacare. It's so high it's unreachable & rates r way up above what we had b4. It's crazy.
(2) out of pocket expensive to meet deductibles. I have 3 family memebers trying to get on transplant list. My aunt waited 9 months,
You'll have choice but no ability to purchase under the AHCA. You and other Trump supporters will die because you've failed at capitalism.
How will I not have the ability to purchase under AHCA? I am guessing your for single payer.
Fourth, $800 billion dollars is being taken out of Medicare, money you've already put in through payroll tax that @GOP wants to steal. 3/
I don't care what this make believe Indian has to say ---- professional liar 
Of course you don't. You're what they call in the biz "a low-information voter."
Well... she does know abt Pocahontas so I would argue that she's up to date. 
That's an excellent point. I'm sure the millions of people losing health care will treat their terminal illness now with that info. Rube.
Of course Obamacare is failing but being the highly informed voter you are...
We all agree healthcare isn't what it should b. But you have no comment about kicking 23mil of healthcare?
Most Insurance companies have left or leaving Obamacare.A lot of people have or will have no coverage. Best to use free market to fix.
Yeah, because the free market didn't create this problem...smdh. BTW, Medicare still exists and it's expansion has already saved lives.
This narrative is a complete lie. The report said as many as 23mil (est.) would CHOOSE not to have healthcare.
Ya know @Senwarren for all the money Dems spent on trying to win elections they could just use those funds to provide  healthcare for people
What absurd logic
No really it is more spot on then you'd like to admit. If all those who threw money at the Dem can. In GA pop is 700K (roughly) and money >>
30mil a reported, could be used for those who have no means to buy ins/health care. If Dems can raise that $$ for one race imagine the money
they could raise to help those people in real need of healthcare.  That sure is mean that Dems don't think that way huh darn mean
Or...we could take all the money that the republikkkans are planning to steal with the AHCA and use that!
Explain how AHCA is affordable. Then explain how repulikkans are stealing money
Tax breaks for the wealthy. Keep up
Yes we don't won't to pay for your welfare programs and give away tell them to get a job
It was HEARTLESS to ram ObamaCARE TAX down the Middle Class' throats.
if she would just tell the truth but she won't.Democrats are known for there lies.It's part of there resistance to the president
And Obama care was IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DR. WE HAVE TO PASS IT BEFORE YOU KNOW WHATS IN IT. WE DON't forget
Can somebody ask her to sit down already? She's next on the list for being replaced by Republican.
You don't speak (read: vote) for my state. You .
I thought they were bitching about not seeing it but then they claim it is horrible.
She's one of the ones destroying the democratic party.  Keep up the great work Warren.
As a resident of MA, I look forward to casting my vote AGAINST re-electing this hypocrite.
What about working people paying taxes to fund Medicaid people to go to doc for runny nose but can't afford  doc for brkn arm themselves
Maybe all the money Bernie and his wife took from the college & millions he is now under investigation for will help. @SenSanders
Lier
This can not pass!To many people will die because of no healthcare or limited Get the billionaire's out of the White house!
TRUMP
Senator warren is an idiot
Blunt?... yes, that's exactly how I think of Sen. Warren... very blunt!
Senator Warren is a champion for us poor folk. Gotta love her.
When the Democrats put their Healthcare bill out they said read it after we pass it they're hypocrites with a dysfunctional party
Bullshit.
@SenWarren Sen. Warren is posting fake information. Reality check, Pocahontas
Must be her Native American heritage feelings..oh wait...she isn't...
Mean is telling us "We can keep our doctors, Mean is telling us our premiums are going down. Mean is the "Quisling DemoRat Potty".
That is more than covered by getting the illegals off US tax payers medical insurance
THEN WE SHOULD BE JUST AS FORCEFUL IN PASSING THE BILL WITH CHANGES SO THAT 22 MILLION DON'T LOSE COVERAGE AND MY MOTHER IS DOES NOT LOSE IT
she is a liar and buffoon!
#Fauxcahontas #Lieawatha. Isn't afraid to LIE either! Whether it's about healthcare of @PPfa! #DEFUND @PPFA @skoster10
Go Away!!!!
Anybody ask Pocahontas if she's actually read it?
No one read it because it's being written in secret. Not a good sign.
This is factually incorrect but suppose for a moment it was, that makes her even dumber for commenting.
How is it factually incorrect? Have you seen any public discussion or hearings about the AHCA?
Ok. We'll do this slowly. Pocha said the bill is mean. I tweeted has anyone asked her if she read it? Responses back: see yours. 1/2
You can't have it both ways. Bill can't be mean and not be available to read. See how logic works? 2/2
Sure, the exact legislative text isn't available, but the issues being discussed (Medicaid cuts, repeal of individual mandate) are obvious
Discussions r not facts&don't get voted on. Bills entered into the public record r all that count.The rest is noise. Pocha needs to shut up.
I have a high Ded plan, but the HSA offsets this.  How are other countries able to do healthcare and we can't?
Now is not the time to just accept what they are throwing at us to avoid the real work of negotiation and well crafted bills
where's the billions the IRS got from Americans for not buying into bs Obama care????
Go suck eggs Poccahontas
All Dems have zero credibility for a flawed law they originated!
Quit pretending like you care....
Surprised Fox News would post this!
So less will be without insurance. 28.4 million according to the CDC are without it now!
Dems have used the same old excuse, 23 mil uninsured. How many mil people lost there health ins because of ob care.
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders should marry and have little communist babies running around redistributing the toys in the playground
It's chicken little. The only thing the a.c.a. did was drive up the national debt. The cost to the economy was to high.
so my ? Is where were you on oboma plans when u said pass it then let's find out what in it like u know what you're doin
Lots of emotion in her words but no facts.  Talk to the hand, Pocahontas. Blah blah blah
...even though she hasn't read it. 'Not afraid' my a$$. That's not courage, that's demagoguery.
23 million got their entitlements - the rest of us 290 million voters are paying for it!  Do the math...that's why Dems lost !
Healthcare is not a right. No one has a right to anyone else's services. That's slavery
Warren barely has a 50% approval rating in Mass. She's on her last term as Senator.
Senator! you gaining fans in the fox! that is first. Keep up the pressure. Snake is rutting.
Universal healthcare? I don't get it. We already pay taxes and a system in place. Stop using the word free.
Fight away.....all you could give us was Obamacare....Really?
Fight on Elizabeth! Thank you for standing up and speaking out! I stand with you!
Why do you insist on telling the same OLD lies?
I was wondering how Fox News ended up on my feed.  Thank you for being vocal @SenWarren
There U go again, LYING to all of us! U Dems are a priceless lot aren't U? U R spreading lies again & again! The 23 million choose 2 not buy
If Democratic Party ever wants to win again they better get rid of the crazy people...
Please keep it up!  We'll thank you again in #4MoreYears.
way to much kool-ade. Massachusetts, democrat, liberal, the idiot trifecta.
Again, This is a misleading message from an unreliable E. Warren to legal citizens. Her message is hateful. She stands to lose big money.
Coercing money from people to distribute how you see fit is mean. You do not have a moral argument when your premise is stealing.
Goofy warren, health care won't matter to anyone.if you allow sharia law to take over

If by throwing them off you mean giving people a choice as to whether they want a plan instead of punishing them with a fine for opting out.
Have you thought of the middle class?
shes never be right about anything yet
That's not true; 24 million came off Medicaid to be subsidized w/ACA plans, paid for by a large amount of middle class workers. ACA=fail.
I think we're looking at the next president of the United States!
Excellent work, Senator. When you're at the top of FOX's (Wall Street's) hate list you know you're right on target. You're not a FOX blonde.
GET OUT OF THE INSURANCE BUSINESS PERIOD!!!
Do u even know what ur talking about Warren! This isn't what it is, I'm sure.
Warren uses scare tactics, to get attention, and mentally ill
I just want her to explain Pelosi, We have to pass it to see what is in it????
Take a Hike Elizabeth Warren!!!!!
Doesn't matter what the bill looks like, the Democrats will fight it. Obviously anymore it's party over country
What is your alternative??????
Geriatric Party in Antarctica,  Pelosi,Warren,Hillary,Sanders. So much great real estate to buy and feed the all day. Lots of FREE ice
we don't listen to her anymore.
The other Senators need to vote her out she's nothing but obstruction of justice wouldn't know Justice if it bit her in the butt
Everybody hates this bill. And of course, it'll become law.
Let's wait until we see it. Speculation is not needed.
The woman is a loon and a liar!
She looks as insane as she talks...
Trump agrees.  He let them know he wants healthcare with heart.
This woman is totally brain-dead I think she should use her health care as a senator and get mental help please get the help you need it
Elizabeth you can go home anytime and stay there. Take @NancyPelosi and @HillaryClinton with you. Ya'll are an embarrassment to women.
Lol, really! Can't DNC come up w/any better representatives than these constantly angry old women? Toss Maxine Waters & Feinstein in there,2
Gee, no put downs from FOX?
I don't have healthcare. Im not rich either! But I have to pay SRP for the last 3yrs.  My kid have type1 diabetes. I support the Bill!
Why don't you want cheaper health care
Maybe she needs to do I war  dance around the White Housei
There comes a point where you have to draw a line between what is mean and what is best for a country to thrive. Not saying I no this answer
She a dumb b!tch! She want government run healthcare! Not going to happen I have a doctor and this damn time I am going to keep her!
Now look at this woman doesn't she look crazy..  why would anyone vote for this woman. Scary!
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHUT UP AND GO AWAY
What is your solution? This is the problem with Dems. You whine but offer no solutions. This is why you continue to loose elections. #MAGA
Get off this stupid billionaire thing. The billionaires are insuring a who'll lot of people Obama care is killing the middle class
Freaky, mean, devisive, obstructionist !!
Warren is wicked smahrt. She knows what needs to be done. Sadly most of congress is not very smahrt at all. They should listen to Warren
Go ahead and fight yourself right out of office. Frigging obstructionist. Haven't you learned anything yet ? Last night's election results?
Who cares what she thinks, more irrelevance!!!!
Elizabeth Warren is mean! A liar! Far more people will lose their healthcare is we keep the bankrupt ACA . Get the facts and tell truth
Where was @SenWarren when Obamacare was secretly passed. I don't think Pocahontas said too much back then. No one cares what she thinks
Wish she would move to Europe socialist
I think they should create a voluntary healthcare where those who want it can sign up...and those who signed up can pay into it. NO STEALING
Obamacare is failing and needs fixed, the GOP plan is a massive tax break for the wealthy that will virtually destroy the healthcare system
She's a lier so I expect that from scum.
Warren why don't you retire and move to Syira or somewhere.
Being fined for not having healthcare to pay for others to have healthcare is ridiculous. It's called Free Choice Phocahontas.
Oh course you will Pocahontas...keep up with the vitriol..role model you are not
As tired an argument as this dried up old hag is! Get some new material Fauxcahontas!
Interesting.  This woman has not even seen what is in the bill to know.  Oh just sign it ..you can read it later
We need more like her!!!
Warren calm down take a breath! This is not true!Stop scaring people! many more will not be insured with Obamacare cuz there are no insurers
Except @SenWarren leaves out the fact that most loss of healthcare is due to choice. ACA has made it impossible to afford for many #thetruth
My question to this weirdo how can you make a point if you say you don't know what's in it . #fakenews
WTF does she know?
mean is a understatement to let people die, the Republican Congress would rather put money in the pockets of Politicians and the Rich! sad!
Sen. Warren is absolutely correct.
Says the person who hasn't even seen anything yet! It's all a secret so says the dems.
Sad. U r sad
This delusional hack shouldn't be in an office unless it's with her psychiatrist. Incompetent,corrupt and delusional!!!!get out!!!!!
Pocahontas is a disaster.
Mean is passing Ocare to see what is in it. Then see costs skyrocket coverage shut down and is unaffordable. Dem fault
Does anyone believe that this person is SANE!!!!!!!!!!!
if she hates it it must be a great plan.
Nice picture of her 
Good thing nobody gives a rat's ass what Pocahontas has to say.
Waiting on an answer!
And what about the 40 plus MILLION that will lose health insurance BC they can't afford Obamacare? I DON'T C solutions here, just bitching!
@SenWarren don't speak on feelings but in realities.
Go Senator Warren!
Here comes more wisdom from LIEAWATHA! She speaks with forked tongue!
Liz: you filed your teeth!
Why can't we have the same healthcare as the politicians have?
The only one scary and dangerous is Warren
She's a fruitcake. Needs psychiatric help.
Hey Pocahontas, did u fight for people who are on O'Care when prices rose,deductibles went way up &doctors were not in the plan? Go away
So at least she's read it
What's mean is putting the health care bill on the middle class workers to pay for while the beneficiaries keep having babies for more $
W/ObamaCare my daughter's insurance doubled. My husband & I are teachers we give our all to our students, we deserve a break on taxes!
Oh bull dung
What a fruit loop
Suggest a horrible woman, I can't brlieve anyone votes for this liar
Who cares about what she thinks!
#dumpwarren2018
Just look in her eyes, one inch of being bat shit crazy
will the new bill cover your mental illness Pocahontas?
How could anyone want to ever live in Massachusetts!? You should probably get your man card revoked just for driving through the state. YUK
Like for real are you serious? This bill is mean and scary and it has monsters in the closest. How did you get elected.
If obama care is so good i want you to get it pocahontas
Democrats didn't let anyone look at their disastrous Obama Care!    Senator Warren is an idiot and so are all of the Democrats
Keep Fighting, Liz! You're Going To Lose!
"Advances?" How can it advance when they're not even openly discussing it?

This right here is the original "fake news."
Sounds like Liawatha is putting on her warpaint to add another $10trillion to the debt
