Thanks to 3 republican women also ! Women give life and men take it
tell the hundreds of thousands unborn babies that are killed by PP (championed by Warren) each year that @SenWarren gives life
Which of those thousands are you planning to adopt, feed, educate and care for for 18-30 years provided they are born perfect?
none. Doesn't allow you to kill them.
So your argument is that an unwanted child should be forced into the world because you think there's such thing as a soul? Christ alive
so your argument isn't a pro choice argument? Ur pro abortion for the baby's good? How caring!
My argument is entirely pro choice, because foster homes are already filled with 400000 kids, and if they parents don't want them > no care
would that argument apply if the child is a week old and parents don't want her? Why not?
Call your insurance carrier regarding your rates. The Government has nothing g to do with that. They were not suppose to raise the rates.
Rates already did and this new bill will hurt many people or do you care about that. I work in the industry and see it everyday
The old system sucked. I tried to get insurance b4 Obamacare. $700 per month out of pocket. $134 with Obamacare. For single coverage.
Insurance companies should be regulated. Human health is more important than money any day. They have always ripped Americans off.
Work with republicans to come up with a better solution than this intended failure of Ocare. Lead if you want to be a leader. #dosomething
Hurting millions to include our elderly, veterans, people with different types of cancer and yes low income families. Theres a lot of good
There's more bad. Including the fact it was designed to fail so single payer could be brought in.
I dont see how if some people won't be able to afford it. I agree about Medicare
Why are you always using the word fight?  Why not debate or discuss
LIAR & CHEIF....
Thank you, Senator. You have been a constant beacon. #Integrity & #RespectEarned @SenWarren
when you say INTEGRITY, do you mean like claiming you're Indian/minority to get into college
Integrity like handing our democracy over to Putin
I think you have the Senator confused with the @POTUS
THANK YOU!!! @SenWarren
Why don't you liberals come up with some intelligent solutions to the problems YOUR party created?
We haven't "won" anything. Republicans won't give up and they're not even trying to fix ACA. We need universal hc. Until then, we fight on.
No worries sheep, keep walking to the slaughter. I thought slavery was abolished but I guess not.
Save the histrionics. Fighting for ppl of all socioeconomic classes to receive the healthcare they need to thrive does not make me a sheep.
It does when you steadily rely more & more on the federal govt to fund your life. Baaaah Baaaah. Get in line with other sheep and proceed.
Ppl like u take issue w govt power, but have no prob w private power which put us in this crisis in the 1st place.
I'm a vet & rely on VA for hc. My military family does, too. Govt should work for all ppl. Just bc u don't need it doesn't mean others don't
Route all veterans to private care covered by the Govt. As far as needing, I need HC like everyone else.
My private insurance sent me home twice before I went to VA and was diagnosed with Crohn's. If I'd not gone to VA, would have died.
America is the loser with this democrat ACA. Thank you Betsy!
It is critical for the continued existence of the democracy of the United States that Trump is removed!!
Really? You think that's what just happened? You are either lying or naive.
You didn't do crap, republicans stopped it because it was to much like the FAILING democrat plan.
Aaahhh you lost the elections, so no u are wrong
To allTrump appointees and all those working in the TrumpAdministrationremember you are Americans; you work for the people! Integrity
Senator Warren apparently our fight isn't over. McConnell is using every Dirty trick possible to get #DeathCare passes We Must stay FOCUSED
Welcome back my girl
Well why is trump still in office
Would love to hear Senator Warren's thoughts on the prospects of his removal from office!
Stand up to Trump! Don't be bullied! You know what is the right thing to do!!
You lost the election so stop obstructing.
It AIN'T over yet....have to stick with it.
Can't let up
Oh yeah it'll be so special when Obamacare goes down the toilet.
What did win keeping failed ocare in place is not a win for American people only win is for obstructionists
Honestly (have to use this preface) have the Dems refused to work with the GOP on a truly equitable healthcare plan in the last few months ?
No. They'd have worked with GOP for years...GOP wouldn't.
Much easier to be the party of "No." GOP had *years* to come up with a plan.
Like 7 years. Now GOP is fumbling, stumbling can't put together a plan, won't fix ACA with Dems, won't work with Dems & they still trash ACA
And they failed.
For once I agree with you. Hoping for full repeal of Obamacare, then hopefully a free market solution that will be better for everyone.
Its not there will be many people without insurance
Please work now meet with Dems and docs and insurance companies and write bills to fix the ACA. Just do it. Be prepared. Be American heroes.
They should have been doing this for a long time now. I'm so disgusted w Dem Party. Ready to walk.
Everyone is, Dems just won't agree on anything.
That is why it is called "work".  It is hard "work", but if we fact find, put all heads together and be transparent - we can do this.
Amen!!!!!!!!
I am a proud democrat, are the democrats meeting to come up with a plan to to fix Obamacare to present to America for approval then to vote
Instead of "fighting" as you put it, why not work together. What's your solution?
Instead of helping
You're not winning. Obumacare will collapse on its own.
It hang yet and it won't. People refuse to see the good it has done especially for people with cancer and other serious diseases
Thank You Ma'am
Hey Liz Obamacare sucks I want my $5000 per year FSA limit back
Can we kill Dodd Frank now?
Liz, you're not  very smart.
Not over they  are still trying to repeal. Right?
Our win didn't last long.
What is going to happen next year when the millions lose coverage? Law needs changing
By fight you mean vote no as always
Vincent and Andrew And Mike Pompeo agree with Senator Warren
ugh, you make me so embarrassed to be from MA
In MA we have great healthcare and access to healthcare.  I want that for the rest of America.
it's okay for Democrats to whine about everything Republicans are doing but remember these people have been dead wrong 4  7 years
No your lucky that the OLD GOP leadership are trying to sabotage Trump for political reasons.
All that @SenSchumer and his clowns are good at is obstruction and lying about the ACA
Together love,kindness, honesty the people of God, the LAZARUS in the Holy Scripture by GOD grace has prevail.
You are breaking the backs of the American people! Obamacare is unaffordable to working Americans & the coverage sucks.Why don't you use it?
You march with people that celebrate cop killers
Happy birthday to the revolutionary #AssataShakur! Today's #SignOfResistance, in Assata's honor, is by @Meloniousfunk. 

You are so right MA respect the people' rights to choose other states too
The majority of MA cant wait for you to be gone. You have not done a thing for us. Markey has done more than you and thats pretty pathetic
No you didn't 5 Republican senators blocked it quit lying " Lying American Indian Warren"
Thank God for Massachusetts. A play for care and feeding of Liz and all other political idiots.
Youll win nothing. Youll@lose to Shiva and rightfully so.  Embarrassed that you rep the state I'm from.  Sadly so
The people fought nothing. Reps and senators do not want Trump to succeed. The people are suffering and for now, only Trump realizes it.
What's the wait time in Canada? Your stance  is not about healthcare but about Gov't control of healthcar and you hands in taxpayer dollars
Yes, hopefully we will win in 2018 when you are gone!
Still need to address insurance companies bailing from #ACA and rising premiums. The main flaw of #Obamacare
When you voted NO to audit the FED.The AMERICAN people lost. $9 trillion doled out to banks and foreign countries. You want it hidden. Shame
Mass health is good
Let's see Kid Rock win! 
Repeal now, replace later. The market always provides
Thank you Elizabeth Warren. If Trump was as credible we'd have "The best insurance at a fraction of the cost and everyone would be covered"
Omg. Will you PLEASE get outta yo fake teepee and do some god damn work....
You had nothing to do with it not passing. It just gave you a opportunity to feed you ego. The only cruel health care plan is ACA.

"We the People" WILL prevail just as we did with the utterly soulless cretins in the GOP the past three failed attempts ...#NeverRepeal
It was a few Republicans not you or people across the country. Get real for once in your life. Your main focus has always been yourself.
The president apparently wants a holocaust of American citizens – discuss- baffling
It wasn't you or the people it was the wimps in the Republican Party the people want change rather you know it or not you will find out
Phony Vietnam war veteran BLUMENTHAL wants to give $500mil to Ukrainian military for their health care. You got to be kidding .
Your right - except for the "we won" thanks to dems the healthcare ins system is completely broken
I
The battle, BUT NOT THE WAR. We, AMERICA are coming for this deceitful travesty and theft of US taxpaying citizens. We WILL NOT STOP.
Dems only proved quality doesn't matter by wanting to keep a disastrous and failing system.  Socialism does not work.
You lost. What now Lizzy?
You didn't do jack Pokie it didn't have the votes What is cruel is U & We are going to see just how evil obamacare is now
You didn't win anything and haven't in a long time. @SenatorCollins flip flopped and stalled it. Maine people will let her know about it.
we're still waiting for you to win at something maybe something different than public office
That's a win? Obamacare failing miserably and people still trapped in unusable policies? Your definition of win is not mine.
Maybe now u can do the job u have and start working w the other side to fix the diseased that is ACA because it really does suck
It is not over
It s the best news of the week
US going nowhere cause of Dems
And the hard working people are still getting hammered from the not affordable healthcare.. u have done nothing for us !!!!
Full repeal of Obamacare coming.
Power to the peaceful. Pushback from the popular majority!
  
Thank you Ms. Warren for tweeting just as much as he does. Let's keep working
The fight continues, the people must not relax understanding manybin housendo kotnhave out best interest it the interest of the very rich.
You still have work to do Ms Warren.  You cannot just oppose you need to lead. We dems are getting sick of how you dems are acting as well.
Thanks so much,Mrs.Senator.
Geronimo!!!!!!!
Obamacare sucks. No one is winning. Pull your head out of your rear end.
Because Obamacare is so fabulous? Barf. Give me a break. Admit Obamacare was based entirely on lies.
Republicans had a few that are still campaigning and intend on running again
Senator Warren I wish you were President and Cory Booker as Vice-President.
Now fight for Single Payer Medicare for All.
But the fight is not over...we need to continue pressuring the GOP and speaking out for what the people of America want!
Where were you during the Primary when the ppl of MA could have pushed Bernie over the top? #DemExit #DraftBernie
You won to keep America the same again!! Celebrate Elizabeth, but that's not making any progress 
Great job, now we have to figure out what trump is planning with the Medicare and tax cuts for the rich/never ending. Wish he would fly away
Thank you Senator Warren for being a tireless voice for the rest of us.
You haven't won anything. Don't gloat . You are so full of yourself. Like Maine and you made a difference. You need to see an ego DR.
Now can be please dethrone this demagogue?
You did nothing.
Internal dissent but you keep fighting lizzie
Thank you Elizabeth for fighting for the American people! We love you!
No they didn't, the people of Maine and W. Virgina won it for you. Demagogue
Keep encouraging fighting & violence u dems will lose again maybe even be a victim of ur own words!
Great. Now you can watch the boat you and Obama launched sink. Have fun
ObamaCare itself was cruel and unjust. You are the enemy of America.
Thank you!!!!
All you did was prolong the inevitable. Instead of all this resist bs, how abt getting something done. Dems have done nothing for Americans
What did you win? To keep an already failed bill you passed! What planet do you live on?
AND... You leading the charge to get the Senate and House back... Go dems
Now Liz everyone gets to have failing health care. Thanks Liz you hack watch CNN with blue cross it's going down stop being a fool Shameful
@potus @realDonaldTrump = real Donald Trump, real liar in chief. #LiarInChief
Wake up Liz.  People in Ma didn't need Obamacare we were fine the way we were.  You should know that.  Unbelievable ur ignorance to facts
I'm sorry, must have missed something - what in the world do you think you "won"? Continued high rates? Poor access? Lesser care?  #Repeal
Yeah but now he's just going to continue to gut Obamacare until it's worthless, and they already have made it worse than it was
Thank you 
Greed at it lowest point!
I want to know as an American voter what I can do to help you to initiate improving the #ACA
Actually you had nothing to do with it
and now, both #McConnell and #Trump want to simply repeal the ACA. They have completely lost their minds.
Thank you, Senator @SenWarren .  Your leadership is seen and heard throughout all the States, and appreciated.  Keep your heels dug in.
It wasn't you it was the Reps that kept it from passing. Be careful they want less Medicaid.
thank you also for being a real american and fighting for what is right....
Thank you, @SenWarren, and all the Americans who made calls and demonstrated.
Temporary my dear, the fight goes on.
Thank you for your service for all Americans
hearts 'n flowers all around!
U r sooo awsome
TRUE OR FALSE-THE REPUBLICANS ARE THE PARTY OF THE KKK- SEE ANSWER: Carol Swain interview with Dinesh https://youtu.be/E4_wqwbLeh4    via @YouTube
U ruined insurance for the forgotten Americans. Y do you get your Cadillac ins but we suffer? I know, Let them eat cake!
O'care is cruel. My daughter was counted as one with O'care, lost doc, barely afford premium and ded 6K. She died 5/30/2016.
@Maryptown Thank you Ms. Warren for leading the brigade's !!!
and thank YOU 
@Heinzilla    Special thanks to @NationalADAPT #ADAPTandRESIST
My families healthcare costs have become unaffordable because of Obamacare. What are you going to do about it?
Why the hell isn't someone in power doing something to actually oust the orange idiot traitor! We are fed up with the noise, we want ACTION!
No, Thank you!
And Liz you led the lie that medicaid spending goes down, when it actually increases. So you own Obamacare, good luck.
I think it was the organized pow wow your people called. They tapped ancient spirits.
Thank YOU for fighting for us!
Good going Pocahontas!
Yep now your Obamacare bill is gonna bust. What you gonna do then Liz?
How's Obamacare working out for you Senator? Oh that's right, you're exempt. Ya backstabbing hypocrite.
The ACA is cruel.
You need to lead, the ACA is not collapsing!! The GOP is faking the collapse meme!!! The HC industry is booming under ACA! 1.5 M HC jobs!!
Oh yes indeed, Sen Elizabeth Warren: Thank you! Help us return to Paper Voting Ballots Senator! When we do, we'll never lose again! PAPER!
Because the Russians can't figure out how to use markers.....???
Good job
What's he going to do, hv u all arrested? Stop letting men tell women how to dress! You are leaders, lead!! @SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi
How about fighting to returns $ borrowed back to social security with the interest also
*Now, Liz, if U wd just take a stand on dress code and tell Ryan to F off. C-women need to wear sleeveless every day!!! BE TOUGH N STRONG!
Shut up Pocahontas
thank you senator warren!
Thank YOU Senator! 
Time for Dems to write fixes to Obamacare. Need asap
We will truly win when we can all work together regardless of party for all Americans!  We need to stop using voters as pawns I believe!
Yessss! We ROCK!!!
Thank you
