With all your useless babbling liz do the Dems even listen to you anymore. Last accomplishment you have is getting coffee for others.
Warren does a great job unlike Trump, the worst president ever!
You forgot about obama already? And warren isn't worth spit.
Obama a great president!  Warren a great senator!  Name calling is ridiculous! That is typical of Trump!
Obama's religion 
Check out @JaydaBF's Tweet: https://twitter.com/JaydaBF/status/893089246143295488?s=09 …
Warren is a great senator!
On your way to the floor make sure you hit your head hard. Maybe that will knock some sense in to you #Fauxchohantas
How about opposing Trump? Senator, he HAS TO BE STOPPED ! NOW! PLEASE...
Stopped from what ? From being your President ?
Stop Trump! Worst president ever!
Get over it you lost and if this is what you run on trump hate for Trump won't work will be there until 2025
There should be more women like you in the #Senate
So much work you're doing fighting for American's. Thank you!!! #Resist
The squaw wants to destroy our great country!
Senator Warren does an excellent job!  Trump is the worst president ever!
You must be brain dead!  Trump may not be the best ever but Obama would not make a pimple on his ass.  Nor would the squaw
Thank you for fighting so hard for us and to save this democracy. A grateful American.
The squaw is is a waste of space!
Bot = Blocked
Hey, I love blocking people! Thanks for the heads up. Bye Larry!
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Get a life how about doing something about taking care of our veterans
Wow, quite a nitch you have carved out for yourself.
Wow,nothing like being open minded before you get there
Pretty closed minded for a liberal
Thanks, but no thanks! If you oppose it, it's obviously something that's good for America. Your genetics R showing Pocahontas, get over it!
Thank you senator for being opposed to everything except the crimes and inconsistencies of your own socialist party.
That's right Liz. Oppose, obstruct, & resist everything this administration tries to do so that nothing gets done & then take a month off.
You are part of the problem. @TheDemocrats have become the Party of No with their obstructionist tactics
Well if the Democrats are the party of a know they learned it from the Republicans or did you forget that
You just want to oppose anyone  #POTUS selects to obstruct progress and thr agenda the people votes for.
You go girl!! Thanks for sticking up for us
Elizabeth you stink!
Best of luck to you. Keep on fighting the good fight.
Little lizzy. Always blocking. What's the last thing you did that added value? #negative
Senator Warren is doing a great job!  Trump is the worst president ever!
Good luck, because it looks like racism is alive & well in the USA, or shall I say Nazi Germany because that's what it's looking like
Just being an obstructionist !!!! No value to your constituents.
As expected Ms Negative
Elizabeth Warren explains why Hillary Clinton should not be trusted then endorsed her LMAO
Strike while the GOP is in disarray… persuade more to defect from the party line and return to serving their constituents.
Get em! Thanks for looking out for working people everywhere!
Thank you for your devotion & hard work on behalf of Americans!
The squaw has never known a good days work! She is worthless!
Thank you
Way to go, Sen. No....Do you have anything positive ever to say??
Perhaps Granny Warren should stop drinking on her breaks before going public at any event.  @NancyPelosi , and @MaxineWatters @SenSchumer 2.
Yes, give America to the illegals and the criminals.  You should be convicted for treason.
Please keep fighting!

All you do is oppose everything
Warren is doing a great job!  Trump is the worst president ever!
Thanks for doing your job, Senator Warren! We have your back.
Send the loud mouth squaw back to the res.
She is lots of smoke with no fire
If @realDonaldTrump gave everyone who made under ten thousand dollars a tax refund of one thousand you would oppose it .The party of oppose
Keep on this track-don't need nominees like this. Continue to stop recess so Trump can't  make appointents. USA can't afford his choices!
Pocahontas, you are a self-promoting piece of shyt. everyone knows all your media bites are in support of your run in 2020. You are a phony.
Go get em Pocahantas.
Anti American, foreign supremacist Warren, co opting words like a baby Goebbels.  When you have nothing else, spew, lies, hate, innuendo
If you oppose him then he must be a great pick.
KEEP UP THE FIGHT SENATOR WARREN 
You keep showing your true agenda. Obstruction vs working to help make America more economic secure.
DUMBSTER'S approval 33%- INVOKE ARTICLE 25- he is incompetent/unsuited to SERVE as our nation's leader
Pocahontas, if we are lucky, you will be opposed during the next election!!
How much money have you received from unions ?
We at @WH_Virtues support you every step of the way. Thank you for everything you do. You are our voice of virtue in government.
Why?
Spend all your time grandstanding ,and opposing something. Still wonder why HRC CALLED YOU THE "WORM" IN HER EMAILS.
Good for you, resist just because
All you do is oppose. Your life's work is to just be miserable. My God, so sad
Not a surprise coming from the biggest obstructionist in the history of America
Apply translator: real text is " Heading to Senate floor to oppose America, Freedom, and Capitalism." #defeatWarren #loveTrump #MAGA #mapoli
Great at resisting. Worthless at anything else. That's you.
Why don't you write something worthwhile, who the hell cares who you are opposeing next, your the same old song.
Too bad not heading back to Cuba where you belong

You oppose everyone just to oppose
Oppose, that is all you good for. The non stupid Americans will understand the fraud you are.
Thank you. Everyone matters, and we need people in government leadership who understand that.
Its funny you sheep think @SenWarren gives a crap about you. Its all about showboating her opposition.
do you refer to the Senate as "The Big Wigwam"?
Then support the RAISE Act. funny how when Bush was POTUS Democrats were all over this idea. Bernie in 2007
Thanks for all your good work.
POTUS Trump uses immigrants as slaves to do his bitting, he hired 186 while running for POTUS, & hired Mexican Americans to bow at his feet
All you ever do is oppose progress - you should be ashamed of yourself!!
Go, Liz, go!!
Good thing you did not become a brain surgeon the IQ just dropped
We will keep fighting against you and your socialism!
Y'all will oppose anything Trump does.. goes to show ur party is a bunch of sore losers 
Of course you are.
Liz, you are a failure to the American ppl across our great country! You oppose everything that is beneficial to our great nation!
Taking selfie pictures, with @SenSchumer! In reality, you're not doing your job! The Democratic Party, is hurting the American People! Joker
Thank you for doing what you do. We need more adults in Congress
When, who, or whom aren't you opposing anyone for @realDonaldTrump? It's all repercussions because he's President! It's Conflict of Interest
I am with you we can't have any one else that do's not have any knowledge, or never worked in that position they want to run.
Whose the nominee how is he anti worker have you even heard from him meet him debated yet you already are against him what a shame
You go, girl!
OMG thank you!

The women are standing tall, hold on y'all coming.
Thank you
Rampant antisemitism.
Does it ever end??
how about you head back to the tee-pee.

Oh my goodness!  Who made this animal
Mrs Warren. Quit it.
Republicans. Shame on all of you that were elected and done nothing. Pathetic group of Corrupt Congress. If each worked like Pres Trump hah
Corrupt Republicans   
There’s got to be more
Than going back and forth
From doing wrong to doing nota
Come on get in line right behind me
.@SenWarren .@realDonaldTrump .@NLRB Sez Warren who doesn't even give women on her staff equal pay.  What a fraud
Warren you would oppose  anything trump wants to do you are not american resign term limits lady leave.
Opposing Trump is about the most American thing you can do.
Democrats are the party of opposition not creativity or leadership. Not surprising!
Thank you for all you do!  I mean that!  I appreciate your passion for politics and the rights of others!
That was for @SenWarren just in case anyone!)- such as a man (Trump) w/ a big ego who thinks boos are cheers for him! @PattyArquette
Oppose, Oppose, Oppose, Oppose, Do you do anything else?




So how'd that work out for ya?

Thank you, Senator Warren!
God speed to you!
Who cares?
what @TheDemocrats need to do is remind Americans who has helped workers more, and it's not the @GOP
Warren you are a joke

YAWN
You need a haircut and some feathers in your head Pocahontas
Oppose, block, oppose, resist, oppose! Story of your career!
To bad he got it.
You oppose every Trump nominee. It's getting old. Get the eff over it
Break a leg! LITERALLY
Please Fight for this country. I feel so sadden to see where we are headed.
Obstructionist....
THANK YOU!
Oh and the IT guy?
Why don't you explain why we the people pay for over 50 percent of your healthcare premiums!


It's a shame u never said NO to obama but u won't say yes to Trump .Sounds like ur not doing ur job or being open minded enough to help USA
Don't need anti-labor rep on a major labor board.
Just sit down and hold your sputtering rage to yourself.  @TheDemocrats always wrong and destructive to our great country. #MAGA
You are an embarrassment to our party and should be put out to pasture. You're a liar ! You're all about yourself and making money.
telling you @JohnDennisWEEI soon she will be opposing the pope
so, the vote will be 99 -1?
What about the Democratics IT guy?

Thank you
Thank you for always standing up for us!
Save us, please save us..
While you're at it, please challenge @ImpactWithSam's qualifications for 'chief scientist' at USDA. Knows nothing about science or ag. #sad
Thank you Pocahontas for taking your tomahawk to all the "bad" republicans! Now you can smoke your peace pipe. can you scalp @SenSchumer ?
You go girl!
You mean anti RICO
We know you oppose everything, save your fingers some tweeting and just put up a blanket statement.
why don't you retire no one will miss you
Shocker!
How does your Native American Family feel about that? O, that's right you don't have one. How silly of me to forget.
I did watch . You were brilliant !
Go Elizabeth go. An American Hero. I salute you.
I thought Democrats were working on a new message? being an obstructionist shrill for the global elitist hasn't changed thou
Absolutely crucial to oppose this.  We need someone who considers objectively without mind made up in advance, ignoring the facts
Keep up the good work
you must be exhausted from having to constantly be the voice of reason. It is much appreciated.
Have u ever went to the floor to approve something time for u to be repealed and replaced Pocahontas
Proud obstructionist
Be really nasty!
Give those bastards hell Ms. Warren.  We have got to get those criminals out of TWH.
Would you like some cheese with that whine?
I had an uncle named Marvin Caplan; I wouldn't want him on the NLRB, either. But he would've been better than that guy! Keep fighting for us
It would be great if u could post the video of your reaction to Trumps immigration proposal, I love the taste of leftist tears!
Keep fighting the good fight @SenWarren! Thank you for fighting for ALL Americans, especially women!
Heading to Twitter to oppose the economically illiterate demagogue Elizabeth Warren, anti-market Senator from Taxachusetts.
Well that worked, huh?
Go Elizabeth Warren  Go!
Kaplan anti worker? He's not a liberal. Liberals are the anti everything except for the nanny state and government control
Pocahontas stay in your tee pee.
Even when offered a white flag you turn not from your way?
Please say for which conservative you would vote "aye" to confirm.
Of course Elizabeth do what you do best oppose

Wasted time
"Oppose" must be your middle name. If I ever heard you support anything, I would faint!  Keep going Pochy, you make me laugh.
why dont you just be honest and say you would oppose anyone for any position that trump nominated; you goal obstruct no matter who or what
It's what you do best. Obstruct
Millionaire
Thanks Senator. Keep punching for us.
There you go again, Lieawatha. Obstruct/resist. Think u will ever get any actual work done for people? Legislate, legislate get to work!!!
So what else is new. You're always heading somewhere to oppose everything. Obstruction is your middle name.
Maybe stop slowing down Washington with more tumoil, focus on drug companies and insurance. If you want to save Obamacare then help fix it.
