Watch Pocahontas whoop it up. Ha ha
What do you know about accountable government. Nothing!
*TermLimits Required Please*Retire*
Julian Assange also suggests a lot of false information. But, it appears you'll swallow anything.
Shut up
accountability in government, you think we are stupid.
You can start by naming one thing you have accomplished as a Massachusetts Senator that has benefited working people of your home state.
@SenWarren is supposed to speak about being "accountable"? She lies about the most basic of things. How is she an authority on anything?
Give them hell Elizabeth!!
Can you explains why Obozo gave the Iranians a trillion of the people's tax dollars.
#SethRichCoverUp #DNCLeaks

Clintons
You were spot on
@SenWarren: "Goldman Sachs has enough people in the White House to open up a new branch office."
Hahahahahaha, funny coming from a Hilary drone
Who killed Seth Rich?
Why don't you speak about just plain old accountability "Ms. I need a cheaper college education"?
i mean investigate Seth Rich's murder
Where is the outrage and the much needed accountability surrounding Seth Rich' death. The Jackass Party has said nothing since his passing.
No,its about your book tour! There is nothing new you will be ranting about.
Who cares
Yep talking about money in politics and you're one of the richest #draintheswamp #termlimits
It'll be nice to hear from an adult in Washington.
Hahahaha a lunatic
Will it be live on comedy central? They could use a funny show for their ratings.
Get it fixed in DC
no thanks it'll turn into a trump bashing session!! Investigate Seth Richard's death!!
Try going to work and stop tweeting for a couple hours and get something done for the American people remember the people that pay you
Retire
Thanks for the warning
hey how you
How much are you getting paid??
Start with the lack of accountability over the last eight years under the Obama regime which you were a member
Quit missing the point. The whole government system is formed from a contract. Coerced and deceptive government  contracts r null-n-voided
Contact us Elizabeth Warren
Great talk about Hillary
Do you have a private unsecured server in your closet? #LockHerUp #SethRich #Greta #Tucker
And not one fuck will be given for your speech.
Actually this video is much more important Lizzy!
#JamesComey #HillaryClinton
Trump is a predictable disaster. But, the DNC can't preach country over party until the admit picking HRC was just that. They have better.
Try talking about something you know about not this.     Try play dough, safe space, Indian folklore oops you don't know anything about IND
Ideas?? Lol
To paraphrase, she will take another public speaking opportunity to bash Trump.
Be sure and mention how you looked the other when Hillary was not being held accountable by Comey and when Clapper said no evidence on Trump
Rip him a new one, girl.
Thank you
You mean the one where aides give out classified info?
Who is going to hold you accountable for lying about your heritage to gain a position?
I love all the impeachment trolls. TRUMP is doing his job. Nothing to Impeach him for. NO Russian connection. Its been months. No PROOF!
what's the difference between that and a trash can speaking at a sewage conference, Pocahontas?
Are you certain people remember what accountable government is?
Speak only of yourself
Thanks I will make sure my TV is off,  cannot watch you, you look disjointed and pathetic
How can president share intel given by another country?
Oh u should talk about murdering DNC staffers then forcing the police to stand down on investigation. Or is that holding u too accountable?
Resist what? @senwarren would love to see riots across the country. Another example of dems beating around the bush with broad terms.
How about you start with holding the DNC AND CLINTON accountable
Shhh quite, the fake Indian squaw with high cheek bones from Mass. is about to speak.
Senator Phony Make sur u raise all kinds of questions about Hillary's  accountability during her tenure as Secretary of State Very important
Tear him up Elizabeth!
Will that include the part about reading bills before passing them?
Hold up, let me grab my lube and a sock before you start....
We need to hold you accountable lying Fake Native Warren This is your last hurrah in Massachusetts Youre done Pocahontas
Evil prevails when good men and women failed to act GOP complicit silence is treason defend our nation from all enemies foreign and domestic
Look in the mirror first, engage brain cells  first before opening mouth & sticking stinky foot in it because u r good at stinky foot 1st.
Hmm ... Are you the right person to be doing that?
IMPEACH Trump and Pence
For ?
Damn it we don't want this damn talking we want action trump needs to go! WTF is wrong with you ppl! God help us all!!!!
An apropos subject, given the Leaker-In-Chief's latest faux pas.
Lmao
What would u know about that? Accountability! You have been lying to the American people for years.
Just remember:
McConnell believes that Trump's abject ignorance and complete lack of fitness for office are FEATURES, not bugs.
is there such a thing in the age of trumpism

#SethRich
nah
Of course, "accountable government" only applies when you democrats aren't in control...
I wish someone would speak to you about how to look attractive.   Fugly!!
Will you speak about the Seth Rich news? #SethRich
He was a democrat after all. It proves the Russia hack story is a lie.
This White House has absolutely no credibility. We deserve far better than this.
I think I can speak for most Americans when I say at this point we think "accountable government" is an oxymoron.  We are losing faith :(
No you don't speak for me Trump all the way
Paying your female staff equal compensation Senator?
What about accountability of your words???
I'd rather scrub my eyeballs with a wire brush dipped in acid.
No thanks! Not interested in what you have to say!

Who cares You are another one like McCain.. we are sick of hearing from you. BIG MOUTH
If the US cannot have a special election to remove DT & colluders, someone in Congress must step up, write a bill to amend the constitution.
We can't have a special election because it's not in the Constitution. The only way to remove a sitting president is through impeachment
So like . . . about how as president you shouldn't divulge classified information because you don't know where it came from?
