When was the last time you were offered a job or pay raise by someone on welfare?
I was a homeless single Mother on welfare, food stamps & Medical, I became a Physician, Professor & an Employer! I could be dead w/o AFDC
Unfortunately in the current day & age you are the exception not the rule
I humbly tip my hat 2 u.
Well I know scores of Women just like me and I meet them every day
I see the polar opposite of what you have accomplished every day.
Ppl want a handout not a hand up.
It is shamefull that a country as wealthy as USA, can not provide more opportunity for Our own Citizens!
We are the land of opportunity.
Ppl have to want to help themselves.
This is completely wrong. There isn't enough sustainability in the SS system. It wont be around by the time I am able to receive it.
So you're just going to cut the older generations off? Most of them LIVE off of that. Think about other people instead of yourself for once.
Oh I'm sorry that Social Security is ruining our economy. And if you plan to live off social security you're not doing good.
This is not true, if they would keep their hands out of it like it's their bank for other shit it is fine. Just another lie.
that's the dems for u ,giving it away to all that haven't paid a dime into it.
What about those who have paid into it?
Listen I am a dem and I think it needs to go away. I get you paid into it but there isn't enough money being put in for it to be sustainable
They shouldn't steal L&I from people then. Maybe that would help
Warren your face make me sick. Get on first rocket to the moon and stay there
JERK..
#socialsecurityadvance will benefit 60+M & the fund @ 0 tax cost & #keepmoneyinthecommunity 4 Main St economy http://youtu.be/CjydFdMf0s8  HELP
#USA needs a community based economy stop sending $ generated & needed on Main St 2 #wallstreet #keepmoneyinthecommunity #justice4all.
Are you a Senator or a horticulturalist? As you seem to have money growing on trees!
SS and Medicare doesn't grow on trees. It's an insurance policy. It's your money for retirement and illness. Not theirs to take away.
You have it all wrong SS is not insurance. A 401k is our saving insurance plan.  SS need to removed. We need to help out vets
401k is a gamble for a privileged few. SS works and is a wonderful hallmark of a great society. And you're Brit.
I'm dual national, I was born in & raised in the U.S. 
Social Security was meant as retirement income so seniors wouldn't starve. I contributed x30 yrs & pay income tax on it ! Vote GOP out 2018!
According to FDR a millioner. It was to help not leave off. Thats why i have 401k and Roth. Not much. But it will help.
SS is a Ponzi scheme.  Its broke.
False and false. That's a @gop lie.
And where are you going to get the money to pay for that?
I survive on my SSI DISABILITY CHECK. I can't live without it. Health care maybe taken away as well. SSI DISABILITY is considered welfare.
I hear you @SydneeWt ! My husband was injured 18 months ago & he's disabled too! We both have AHA & we're extremely concerned!
ITS NOT WELFARE! We paid through the nose for insurance and into SS! It's our time now! Not going to feel bad about it!
We can't have more than $2,500 in the bank each month, I only get just enough to pay my bills and I'm also on Sec.8 Housing. Get free food.
Okay, expand it. But I refuse to pay. I can't pay my bills as it is. Make the ultra-wealthy write a check for the whole amount.
Yes lets start at the beginning and stop kllling all these Babies .
Please dont let them cut SS. I am single, disabled parent of a 2yo, and I need medicare and the small $ that is my only income!
So your a mother on Medicare with a two year old! So you had this kid at 63?? Such lying by you libs!
SSD is part of SS. I finished college. I got very ill. Disability doesnt have age discrimination like you do.
The fact you are one of the leading voices for the Dems is very, very sad.#Pocahontas
No, what is sad is my vote counts the same as yours. We need to identify fact resistant red-hat-humans so we can educate before elections...
Is her "Native American heritage" a fact?
Who cares? Natives Americans don't. Ask them. She is probably their best advocate. You have no right to criticize someone's family lore.
LOL. There's a reason the Democratic Party is literally crumbling. You are it! 
Wait for 2018. America is a pendulum. And it will swing back. Then remember this tweet when you see the revolution. #resist
No one is cutting anything. Maybe you and  the rest of those fools should have their pay cut. Keep bleeding the people.
Just turned 65. Barely get by and then THIS  BS from someone who never ever had to worry about a dime
Sorry things are tight.  Do you have good health insurance coverage because that is one way you could save money?
perhaps you should start the Pocahontas foundation, give uranium to Russia, make 400k speeches and help out some folks that need it.
"Pocahontas Foundation"???? 
Smells Like a "Misogynist Pig" to Me!  Crackpot!
Oh well, he's a TX cowboy. Bred into him.
Texas yes, Cowboy no but I appreciate the compliment, cowboys are known for rugged individualism and not living off the government teet...
You may want to check your TX records on that...
No offense to TX. 
.Every American citizen is a multi millionaire if we collect: 1913 illegal IRS+fed; 1933 gold bonds&int; trusts surplus invested in stk mkt.

.Sam, ever question why Elizabeth's or my parents would lie to us about our "Indian" heritage?
# social security no there r not,Medicaid I know there are many able people that can work they just don't want too govern created problem
You don't know that Dr. will decide that not you he going to take you all health care job and everything.
so right!! you and I both know if we can't skim off of #SS we'll have a hard time filling our bank accounts amIright #resist
@ChelseaClinton why don't you move to Florida so we can vote for you?
still busy busy busy in DC picking up pieces, but who knows?
Hi @senwarren any chance I can get on tax committee? I'd like ambassadorship but obviously you can't help with that...yet
Elizabeth Warren used a false claim of Native American heritage for personal gain.
Is that the best you can come up with? Really? Dear God, we have to teach high school students how to reason and argue.
I blocked it just because he is Xtreme. Ugh. who needs it
This is not your money! It's ours and not those that haven't earned it Pocahontas lies. !
can't expand something that's..... not there
How can we just impeached them all
STARTED MY MOVEMENT ALONE THE RESISTANCE DEMOCRATIC COALITION PETITIONS MARCHES PROTESTS NATIONWIDE & AND WORLD .
I CAN BECOME  STEEL. I HELPED HUNDREDS OF STRANGERS THROUGHOUT MY LIFE FIGHT FOR CAUSES. STARTED MY MOVEMENT THE RESISTANCE.
THEY DO THAT ON MY PARENTS MEMORY ALL WILL HAVE A PROBLEM CAN'T CHEW. HOW DARE ANY STEAL OUR $. IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS NOW.
Candidate for president of the United States
Thank You and Bless You Senator Warren!
No more government programs or expansion. Whacko

Guess you forgot fauxcahontus: It was the dems who broke the locks on ss funds and raided them. Specifically your womanizing hero JFK.
Right, because it's doing so well right now. I am pretty sure I will never see any when I retire.
Ouch!
Reply #666...like Repubs and Trumpcare
How we going to continue to expand a program that needs to be funded, with no funds? Borrowing? I don't like that idea.  We owe enough.
Senator Warren, Thank You for your work.  The GOP should be ashamed; instead they profit by reducing health care and programs for the poor.
The only was to save this country and what it stands for is to vote out ALL GOP, impeach trump and pence remove all appointed by trump.
When will we get a bill that gives back the 3 trillion stolen from SS and takes it out of general fund ?
no one is cutting S S fake news
There is no cut not getting your automatic 10% increase is not a cut spending only a dollar more instead of five dollars more is not a cut
Left Wing... Right Wing... both attached to the same duck.
The thing that needs dismantling is the GOP. THEN SEND IT TO HELL.

Fight back. Now. Keep up.
Idiot.
I think you can just body slam them now if they don't comply.
@SenWarren I look forward to collecting my SS check one day. However, something has to give. I support your fight, but reign in the spending
Thank u so much. God bless u.
U R a liar! Who is gonna believe U! U can't even tell the truth about Ur heritage &U expect others 2 believe U abt anything? Where's Ur DNA!
Loser Pocahontas
My husband died at 62, those SS benefits all I have to live on.
She got ssi because she can't control her bowels. This way she don't have to pay child support. Great system you decocrats came up with.
I have a ex wife that should be getting ssi and don't need it, but got a few doctors to say she can't work because of her problem.
Just like you waste the money going to the va hospital in Massachusetts
#CorruptGOP are rampaging and pillaging our Gov't for profit. All our best ASSETS are up for GRABS. We, the people won't have anything left.
#DougForPresident
Bernie is the only Person in Senate that Speaks the Truth
@aguschmer @DiegoArcos14 @CarlosVictorM Y por qué Valencia no tiene el mismo desempeño y regularidad en selección como en Manchester U.?
@dialogodeport @SanchezJoselo ¿Y por qué Valencia no tiene el mismo desempeño y regularidad en selección como en Manchester U.?
You can not spend money you do not have and will not get.  Stop the rhetoric grow up & produce a budget that's balanced & reduce $20TRI debt
Keep up the fight for Mass and US
Try to get the 160billion back that Ryan stole from MediCare last January!!!!
U NEED TO GET MONEY BACK IN SOC SEC THAT CONGRESS STOLE FUND INSTEAD OF EXPANDING IT. STOP PUTTIN PEOPLE ON IF THEY DIDNT CONTRIBUTE TO IT.
.@SenWarren of course you want to expand it, that's more bought and paid for votes. Keep ppl reliant on gvmnt, they keep voting democrat.
Denise..still can't retweet U!
This includes Social Security Disability Ins.  It's a safety net several of us pray we never have 2 use, but pd in2 have when we need it.
Yes! Please think of those of us on disability.
Amen
Stop you loser.... give everyone a job
If you cut "disability", it should roll back to "social security", it's source.
Stop it please.  Stop lying!
How would she do that. Where would she get the money? More taxes!
#Impeach45 #TRUMP and arrest #russiagate plus #Clinton and #Wallstreet fascists before this becomes civil war. #trumpcare #Brennan #Comey
And how exactly do you propose to pay for that?   Your crazy fauxahontas
For the most part Obama was able to protect people from the consequences of their vote.  He's gone now.  Time to choke down the medicine.
How easily we forget what Bill Clinton did with our Social Security..  Did you forget to dig up those files? Very selective of you.
How about you stop stealing from social security to fund bullshit first?
Too many people would be out in the street.
All the while bankrupting the country.  Nice plan
The only thing you've said that I like.
I wish I could vote for you. (I live in Texas....)
Democrat liar 
, I support EVERY THING you do!  We simply CANNOT go BACK!
Why don't you put back the 2 trillion you stole from it since the 90's
We need star power in Georgia--please come next week for district 6. Early voting starts next week.
No social security will be saved just like President Trump has said.  No thanks to you
Social Security should be rebuilt into Universal Basic Income & Medicare 4 all..
Robots are taking our jobs or the jobs are going overseas.
Thank you!
#Fakehontas
We need help. Don't cut
How about focusing on not letting terrorist slip in to our country inch by inch and start  to support securing our borders!!
I wish you were the POTUS.
Ask me what it's like to be disabled under this Administration. I dare you.
I have paid into SS for 34 yrs. This is my hard earned money.. my sweat n tears n long hours of work.  My money is not a  handout! Damn!
Do you want to expand SS by giving it to those that have not earned it?
@GOP r biggest terrorists in U.S. Threaten health, planet, democracy. They r traitors! #ImpeachTrumpPence
Hang in there, Lady. I don't understand why this isn't evident to every voter!
You and many others have ROBBED the workers in America. You are SHAMEFUL. Please QUIT!
The cut is for all your warriors with 5 wives collecting SS they never paid into. Don't act LIKE you are in the RIGHT. You don't know RIGHT.
Whoa to those who justify the wicked and acquit the guilty for a bribe,
And take away the rights of those who are in the right!
Senator, please protect us. Working for 55 years straight & depending on the money withheld from our paychecks to retire in 2 years!
Princess Pocahontas you are my hero.
Can u please ask @robportman to schedule a townhall. @SenSanders any senator that will listen. We are begging him and no reply
Comey (predisposed) fell 4 Fake Russian Intel on Clinton! Trump Camp calls for Russia 2 hack. RE-VOTE! There's our MF Soc Security Senator.
Elections have consequences!!! Facts not fiction
Expanding it? You know its already insolvent right?
Social Security is good. We as workers have paid for it, not Donald Trump. Actually Trump hasn't paid for anything taxes included.
We should benefit from it. If conservatives don't want to take from a "welfare program" per Reagan they don't draw from it! It's that simple
Dear Sen Warren please see about getting rid of "Social Security Amendments of 1983. And put the 2.7 million back in SSN. We all contribute
The math absolutely doesn't work.  Unless you have solutions...it's easy to say "expand"!
I've worked since I'm 12 years old I'm really concerned that I'm not gonna be able to retire even with Social security so thank you senator
how do I grab a crazy check every month?
Dems need to win back seats in House and Senate to balance GOP. Then force compromises on budget cuts
Keep fighting the good fight Senator Warren! Ignore the cruel ignorance of all the haters fueled by #DictatorTrump. I appreciate all you do
Dems need to show courage, focus on impeachment, more than sufficient grounds available. Being in opposition has responsibility
Sure Pocohantis
Why are you lying?  The budget does not touch social security or Medicare.
Raise the salary cap on contributions, gahhh
I believe this does not touch SS or medicare and you know it! Can't you even get your facts straight?
So will you be supporting the President's budget, since his budget proposes to INCREASE spending for Social Security?
We so value your voice in all of this, Sen Warren!
I agree.  Thanks for standing up for we the people!!
Pocahontas, Pocahontas, how can you do that without money?
Its important
Trying very hard to convince people that you're a good person, when really just hurting the future for the grand kids!
Stop printing money!
Voting for Trump budget would be political suicide!
You go!
Thank you Senator Warren. So proud that my daughter interned for you! #Resist #FightOn!
Did you hit your head at some point in your life? I mean you spout nonsense, all the time.
Keep up the good work.
How about some proof of your. SSI isn't touched windbag. It's called being honest, something you should learn to do more of.
Who pays for the expansion. We already have enough debt
You have to be one of the biggest idiots this country has had to endure for a very long time. Go back to your teepee
People need to lookup what Social Security was created for.  The GOP has no right to touch those funds!
Yep, excellent way to control the masses, make them dependent.
Senator. Time to replace Gop! We need our Democracy back once & for all.
Social Security is going broke because Obama used it to pay out disablity on unemployed workers. It is for retirees who paid into it.
Gov. Bush took social security from Texas teachers. Then it really hurt me & others for other programs. Save it! Too late for me.
Conservatives won't be opposed to social security once you find a source of funding other than racking up a federal deficit!
Elizabeth Warren stop wanting more power & control for the Fed. Gov. We need more subsidiarity! Resign for the good of the country!
I just got turned down for Disability. Again. I'm autistic & homeless & 61 & I don't deserve a home. Will it be there in 10 months?
can this budget be seen as maladministration?
You and the Democratic party have been trying to skim off SS for years to pay for policies that screw middle Americans.
no actually most who care about there fellow Americans are well educated and hard working #trumprussia #treason
then you need to donate your complete salary to pay for it
Warren you are disgusting. Trying to cause more problems. President is not trying to cut SS You don't care anyway
Thank you for fighting the good fight! #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow #2018FliptheHouse
OMG!! I'm on SSD as I can't work do to health issues. I've worked hard for 30 years & I'm 55 and can't afford to have a cut #notmypresident
Calm down Sallie.  Lizzie is using scare tactics.  Get the facts, find out what if anything is being cut.  There's a lot of fat in SS
A rich congressman knows nothing yet again. Social security has destroyed our nation and we are taking it back
Scare tactics.  The problem isn't Social Security, it's the abuse of Social Security.  I think he's simply cutting the fat.
Where do you think the funds are coming from? We can't afford to expand any additional "entitlements".
Why is Social Security even in the Federal budget? I smell a rat.
WE need a Vote-of-No-Confidence of Ryan- USA deserves Better Leadership!  Do NOT CUT our Soc Sec or Medicare
Just throwing more $$ at the problem will not fix it! There is no $$ tree. Do your job & get an IDEA. Work together with Reps for solution.
Who is paying for? Are you happy with 20T in debt? Why don't you work on a plan to reduce the deficit that was double in 8 years d Obama?

#TrumpImpeachmentDance: Post & Retweet, You're Trump Impeachment Celebratory Dance Here @ Twitter. Post Under Hashtag #DumpTrump. 
Lieawatha has been gaming the system for years.
Even AARP might suggest we gradually raise retirement age and have a means test..to make it sustainable
Thank you. We should not pass anything until Collusion is rulled out. If in fact they did Collude with Russia 16 election void
The bastids have been trying to destroy SS since day 1 & now have a sob in the WH wo agrees!! Lots of retirees voted for this SOB
Keep fighting!! I'm ready to move to MA! our FL senators are duds.
i hope not!! The rePUSlican mfn sobs have been trying to destroy SS from day 1 & now have a sob to help in its destruction!!
Ask the richest people and corporations in the country to start paying their fair share. Can't they afford it, everyone else has too.
Nothing you can do since democrats started simple majority...
Look to Canada. Prime example right next door, the people have health care coverage.
Thank you.
@HouseGOP If you care abt the seniors, your parents&grandparents&even yourselves, then resist any attempt at cutting Social Security.
We pay into Social Security&Medicare through are employment. This SS & Medicare is not funded by the government,however the funds in these
accounts are transferred to a General Fund that is used by the Feds 4 their budgets. Check it out! you'll find out the truth. If anything,
the other departments owe the SS&Medicare fund.
Pay the SS&Medicare funds back & get rid of the Gen.Acct.We need SS Disability, I paid n2 SS&Medicare; If u don't believe that I need mine
then, I hope u had my disabilities,then ur mine would change.
If u believe corporations r going2create jobs,then I have swampland n FL 2 sell u. Already Ford, is cutting jobs globally n order 2 ncrease
their profit margin. They have already stated they r going 2 ncrease their robotics.
protect the children against hunger poor education and poor healthcare- they should not be political targets
Why are you lying? His budget does not touch Social Security or Medicare. Pocahontas, you need to reduce your Kool-Aid intake.
Chief in Anus speaks and nothing but Hot Puffs of air can be found.
