It’s long past time for @realDonaldTrump to fight for all Americans – not betray our values & undermine our safety with a Muslim ban.
Yeap- wasting tax payers money and time. Great looney president.
At some point, the underlying motivations of these judges need to be examined. We know they're not standing with the Constitution.
There needs to be accountability of judges who do this.
The law is very clear on this matter. He has the right to deny entry to anyone, at any time.
You Warren are just lost 
Why don't you worry about 
Americans 1st
Take care or the Vets 1st
No you r 2 Dam worried about illegals
Just like trump almost donated money to vets
Well i do believe it was 6 million 
Oh and he don't take a salary he donates it to charity  MAGA

Aloha Donald!!!Greetings from the Great State of Hawaii!!
He thinks the constitution doesn’t apply to him.
You mean the constitution that gives him every right & authority to issue the ban as he predecessors have done?
Wish he worried about putting out wild fires,providing drinking water 2 Puerto Ricans,or conjuring up empathy for family of fallen soldiers.
You mean the wild fire that an illegal alien started because dem-lib State gov won’t follow federal law??
Yep, that's the one,, not to mention the corruption in PR responsible for no flipping power
Of course  (sarcasm!!!)
I guess @POTUS made them throw out all these much needed supplies
Puerto Rico's secretary of state filmed this in a dumpster.. AID thrown away & mishandled & they blame @POTUS 
Game over

That's my home State! I Hawaii!
When did n Korea and Venezuela become Muslim countries just curious
@SenWarren Y DONT U WORRY ABT TAKING CARE OF R HOMELESS CITIZENS & R VETS. TELL ME  YOU  U  R SO WORRIED ABT MUSLIMS & ILLEGALS. SHAME ON U!
This ruling in no way affects citizens and vets. Critical thinking is necessary however.
And who is responsible when an American citizen kills another American citizen? Or 59? Republicans?
Not talking about illegal immigration. Now whose obtuse.
I was. She needs to worry more abt citizens than illegals or muslims.
Go back to the original post of Sen Warren. Has nothing to do with illegal immigration. Learn to stay on topic
..there's only one court that matters, and it's not run by an activist Judge.
You, like this O'Bummer Appointee follow you NaziCrat leader around on all fours.

Obstructionists. Sad.
Hey bimbo it's our court system that's corrupt. The ban is no where near illegal. It's scum like you we need to get out of politics
You're wrong. Just with this idiot judge that needs to be impeached for not following the Constitution or the law. Shut up & Sit Down!
The bad is not illegal. Let’s see what the Supreme Court ruling is.
Only in Hawaii, prof. SCOTUS  will decide
3 strikes=OUT
This is the same activist Judge, are you kidding me? How can one person reek havoc with 3 presidential orders? America we have a problem!
reek?
SCOTUS has over ruled each of these, speaking of hints.  You're being dishonest.
The constitution, you have no knowledge... Judge doesn’t have the legal authority to block it and again the SCOTUS will reinstate
The Hawaiian judge can't take a hint. It is within the president's power, per the constitution.
I suggest you buy a copy of said constitution & read it - if you can. $1 on Amazon. #BOTmuch
You also know there is no direct quote about separation of church and state. That is an interpretation of activist judges.
What else you got. Just facts, not liberal platitudes.
Do you even know the meaning of platitudes or facts? Clearly not - have a nice evening in BOT land
Keep your head buried in the sand. We'll get along fine without you. BTW, thanks for helping us get President Trump elected. Lol.
Hey, I want you to know I did read through the const. you were right about church & state. The axis of my world just shifted.
Congrats! Your on your way to independent thought, rather than regurgitated talking points.
Warren doesn't have the courage to admit that this liberal activist judge is a buddy of Barrack Hussein Obama. Just be honest Warren.
#ImpeachTrump
Obama's college buddy, really. Hawaii takes in ZERO refugees from those countries. Why?? Because they are a danger! Send them ALL to Hawaii
Everyone knows Obamas paying him to stall things so more immigrants can keep coming in,until Scotus stops it.
Haha you mean against Judges from Hawaii
NEVER IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICA HAS JUDGES MADE THE DECISION WHO TO BLOCK FROM AMERICA FOR SAFETY. NEVER NOT ONCE!
0 for 3 against some liberal judge in Hawaii who's putting his political beliefs ahead of the safety of the American people.
It's a damn shame that we have to rely on the courts to preserve our fundamental truths since Congress refuses to act to cut out the cancer.
The Supreme Court of the United States will decide the constitutionality of the travel ban.
More fake shit Pocahontas
DOH!
Um, try 0 for 3 versus Liberal judges who are not following the law but instead following Emotions — like a lot on the Left.
Ha! Not according to SCOTUS. They'll allow it to proceed just as they've done before.
And Donald Trump failed again. Let's see whos fault it was this time. For sure not his own
You and other @TheDemocrats have stood by the enemy wanting to let #IRGC & other terror agents into ! Another reminder to vote #Trump2020
Nice to know this idiots running our country instead of our POTUS. He doesn't speak for all Americans, he needs to be voted out!!
Versus activist judges
He is REALLY bad at hints!!! Plus diplomacy, ethics, leadership.... the list goes on at nauseam!
But the Supreme court does not agree with you there Warren might want to pull a copy of the constitution out and read it your self
Worked for the airlines corporate travel industry over 30 years! U r acting as if we never had TRAVEL BANS! https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/alertswarnings.html …
It says warnings and alerts. You can go to those countries but you're on your own, has nothing to do with coming to US.
Wow! Please don't comment! You are totally ignorant!
Read. "We issue a Travel Warning when we want you to consider very carefully whether you should go to a country at all." Who's ignorant?

Hey Pochontis, did you see the ruling from SCOTUS?

Get Trim out of office!!! Although, Mike Pence could be worse...2018 better turn the Congress blue or this nation may never fully recover 
*Trump...nothing trim about him. Ugh!
NO ONE is higher than the @SCOTUS, so I guess it’s you [the Democrats] & Judge Watson who cannot take a hint, but you will. TRUMP will win!
Win what?
To blind followers of trump: you have a right to your opinion, now take it to court 

I love Hawaii. 
So, do I. My family had the privilege to live there.
Oh, heaven. My good friends live there and I love to get out to see her. It must have been fine, living there. 
Does he think #Hawaii is ? It’s also in the middle of a big big ocean. 
A travel ban, not a Muslim ban, please stop fear mongering.
A pleasure to have a thinking person who follows our Constitution.
Wrong u are Court shopping!! It is same liberal judge every time-we tax payer Americans want the ban and wall! @CNN @nbc @NewDay @AC360
You do know the original ban would have expired already? Prolonging this mess just makes it likely something bad will happen.
Maybe you need to read what the travel restriction really is! It is designed to provide safety to USA citizens! You can't take a hint STFU!
And he is also 0 for 3 vs his wives
Judge in Hawaii doesn't know the definition of PLENARY POWER ... apparently neither do you ... pathetic.
1 judge does not define the constitution tonto. It needs to go to #SCOTUS #yourestupid #pleaseretire #liberalsareidiots
Must be mental problems w this judge to put mudslim aliens before Americans citizens!
#resist
Overturned before, will be again. This “judge” has firmly placed party over the people and the constitution. But blather on Native American
This Hawaii judge has nothing to do with it tho, right Pocahontas ??
Ms. Warren, you are a joke, SCOTUS ruled in favor of the travel ban, a little lib judge in HI isn’t the arbiter of constitutionality.
Wow....lol....a liberal judge and Obama appointee...who would guess.
It’s not a Muslim ban, you’re too ignorant of facts to see he truth Lieawatha!!
Love it!!
Good job
Thanks to federal judge
It’s sign of wisdom
No discrimination is accepted
They are not american when they are coming here from war torn countries. Let them move next to you I bet you won't they are refugees illegal

yes...
No obama buddy is helping to obstruct
The judge is an obama liberal hack.
Nooo, 0 for 3 vs radical leftist activist judges legislating from the bench in violation of said constitution
Seems the failure to take a hint is the idiot judge in Hawaii. The highest court in the land has already stopped the judges injunction.
Hawaii is setting an example!!
Elizabeth your end in Govt is near. No Moral Reasoning will pursuit you forever. Change your heart and seek wisdom and Gods Grace
No, he can’t! Don’t you understand, he needs a win! Boo-hoo!
Thanks Senator Elizabeth Warren for sharing
Well, well, well. Another @SenateDems lies to all Americans. The Fed  judge's restraining order was overturned on the other bans by #SCOTUS
You’ll lose again Lizzy. The days of Democrats putting Americans at risk are over.  America rejected the liberal crazy last November. #MAGA
Islam leaders are very smart. They let extremists take the blame all the while standing in the shadows. For decades watching terror incre
The usurper administration cares not for islands. This has been a theme since Hawaii first objected, and PR-- well, you know.
As the Liberals WAR ON AMERICA continues, Trump may lose a battle now and than, however, he will prevail and WIN THE WAR FOR AMERICA.
Thanks Pocahontas !! The funny thing it isn't against Muslim you fool.
Actually POTUS is 1-0.  SCOTUS ruled in his favor.
Crooked judges! @realDonaldTrump you need to get rid of him asap
You should read the Constitution #Fauxcahontas. It's just an activist judge who will be overturned.

No it is o for 3 against a liberal judge
Actually it's not, and I'm sure the SC will over turn this too
And this ruling will be overturned by the Supreme Court just like the others. Doesn't sound like "0 for 3" to me.
ELIZABETH: You seem to have the 9th Circuit confused with the SCOTUS.
SCOTUS inc liberale Justice Ginsberg agreed that it did NOT violate the US Constitution. We have Justices who are 100% committed to...
His ban is legal, this guy is legislating from the bench. Disgraceful
SCOTUS
How do we know you are lying? If your lips are moving, we can be pretty sure that the truth will not follow.
Thank you for being a worthless weak minded lying swamp rat!You don’t look Indian to me, #BanIslam vote @SenWarren out!!! #MAGA!No refugees
Apparently activist judges can't take a hint since this will be thrown out like the ones.
Except with the Supreme Court?
“His illegal Muslim ban is now 0 for 3 vs the Constitution.”
 
So much #winning  
Supreme Court doesn’t agree w you
This a beyond ignorant statement even for you.
1st it's not a Muslim ban, 2nd it blocks Countries who have no vetting in place, 3rd this judge is a liberal activist 4th your a fool! #MAGA
You don’t understand the Culture! Any Muslim Promise to a NON- Muslim is a LIE! Written in the Book! @TheFive @seanhannity @JudgeJeanine
My respect to Judge Derrick Watson.

Dances with Lies ...still dancin' and lyin'. Truth .... One Anti-constitutional leftist judge interfering...
A Muslim ban..Obama did the same one in 2011 and you didn't bat a eyelash. Same countries too. It's the security of our country
Get lost in your Teepee !!!
He will keep fighting for the safety of the USA...u are fitting for no reason ...just because you are angry ...just get a safe space ..
No ma’am that’s w/ the liberal activist judges. The Constitution hasn’t spoken yet, it will in SCOTUS where most scholars say will uphold.
IMO not a Muslim ban as you state. MU is travel ban from designated areas. MU is Muslims from other areas are not affected.
So you have a .000 batting average in both immigration and healthcare reform. So what have you done Mr. Trump?
You mean by paid for judges that disregard the Supreme Court Rulings! This is just a shell game by Dems, to district from your treason!
How & Good luck Squaw Warren.The Constitution does not provide for a scoring system.  This is not a 5-game playoff. It’s the Real thing.
0 for 3 against bleeding hearts. We will see when Supreme Court gets it..
Ohhh...the twitter tirade to come
America deserve better than these idiots like Warren and judges that act like supreme leaders.
Trump...   he dumb
You can't take the facts. Muslims are terrorist. Wake up & look around the world & see who's committing savage attacks
And um Senator, shouldn't you be talking to your attorney? You have a lot to answer for knowing about clinton and Obama taking bribes
Viva la constitution!
sad, even a  #moron squirrel finds a nut sometimes.
#Please go lie about your #heritage some more #clown ! Judge is #biased it will pass inb #SupremeCourt !
@WillWillAFR
"illegal Muslim"? What a dumb ass.  So now we have to let illegal Muslims in.  Libs/Dems are so pathetic and stupid.
All based on restrictions instituted by Obama. Could you be any more hypocritical?
His terrorist ban you didn’t mention. Islam/Muslim Cult, 1400yrs of Murder , Theft and Oppression. Look back at history it repeats itself
Noooo it 0-3 vs socialist liberal so called judges..Just wait until supreme court rules!
Umm actually the activist judges get shot down in USSC.  Or u that ignorant?
Only halfway there to tie his bankruptcies.

Tiny keeps on losing. SAD!
Didn't the SC already uphold his prior ban?  Sad lizzie knows you are dumb to believe her.
Stop obstructing

It not a ban it's a travel restriction and it is within his power to do so and the Supreme Court allowed previous restrictions so try again
Is he a democrat
It’s not a ban but travel restriction. It is EXACTLY the same ‘ban’ imposed by Obozo. @Scotus has backed it & will again.
1&0 at Supreme Court soon to be 2&0 lol
Hey Trump this is in plan English.Feds not playing
America is sick and tired of hypocritical Democrats like you
by the way, It's the same judge! It's called obstruction of restoring&protecting the nation!You leftist like this bcuz it's bad for country.
1or2 leftist judges out of scores of Fed.Judges around the country is hardly a hint,  If it's a hint, it's a hint of politicizing the bench.
It is not a muslim ban. Find "muslim" in the proclamation.
Last time I checked Fauxcahontas the Supreme Court has over turned your judge twice. 3rd time coming. So, shut up and smoke your pipe
Fail.
DUMP LYING, LIZY, PUT IT ON UNEMPLOYMENT. VOTE LIZY OUT!
Not a Muslim ban. Stop with the hyperbole.
All that "winning"..hey tRump?...lol
#POTUSTrump: "Well, that judge looks Mexican to me!"
This disgrace of a judge is a traitor to his country. But i guess that makes him a good democrat,
The Pres has the authority to not only Stop entry into the US, but to kick u out if u are already here. Moving on, hows the coffee?
Smh lets see what SCOTUS says Lizzie
The 9th circuit is a circus & the clowns need to be replaced.
Three strikes and the GOP team says---He is in---not out? Come on now, we are not stupid.  Hey that's why we protest any anthem under Don T.
Evidently he can't. His lies about President Obama not calling families sent me over the edge.
Obama has nothing but contempt for military personnel. He is a mean, vile, individual. You can see it in his eyes.
Qlee!!
I believe the Supreme Court has ruled on that issue and that judge went against the Supreme Court.
Sounds like a judge in Hawaii wants a few thousand refugees in his district.

I say we give them to him.
Another looney liberal judge nother lawyer
The face of a f**king embarrassment. We will get a solid #TravelBan . One that protects our #citizens.  No one wants to be like Europe.
You can’t take the hint Senator, we believe the exact opposite of what you say
#LoserDonald #loserinchief
I love you!  You are an inspiration to all Women.  
Only if all women are dumb as rocks.
