Data nerds at the CBO confirm that the @SenateGOP “health care” bill would knock 32 million off their insurance.
It’s time for the @SenateGOP to drop this “health care” bill for good – and do it immediately.
Trump is on TV taking serious special cases from Obamacare , however, the man with all the answers has not a one for healthcare NOT A ONE!!
He just stated Dems are saying things and do nothing SO DONT YOU TRUMP U DO THE SAME EXACT THING!!! You are no better than anyone,
If they pass this healthcare, why would Anyone want to pick any Republican for doing this to the US citizens!They only help rich people!
...afford to get their diagnostics done--I can't!  If something isn't done, ALL will have NOTHING!  How does this help your constituents?!?!
Lady I sure hope you're not reelected. Because we don't need people that don't work together in the Senate.
"Data nerds"
You couldn't just say Statistician?
Data nerds a little more creative and descriptive.
Not sure why people cant read/google up about the GOP and how they DON'T believe in helping low/mid class people!They feel its your problem
CBO also said BHO care would give 30 million insurance. They were wrong then and wrong now.
Universal healthcare now
How many lost their healthcare thanks to Obamacare if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.
And the CBO said the average family would save $2,500 a year!! They're all liars. Does Liz have a silver or bronze plan?
The ACA is imploding!  Increased premiums and co-pays, decreased benefits and coverage, astromical deductibles--so high most people can't
Quite a trick considering only 6.4 million are on O-Care.
Yeah, like the CBO is never wrong. There are not no where near 32 million people on O-Care exchanges today, maybe 7 million.
GOP please make it clear that no one will be kicked off, but they will be CHOOSING to not buy insurance.
Tap your phone to read the entire meme, a picture worth a thousand words
Data nerds? Why pick an unnecessary and juvenile fight Ms. Warren? This smacks of childishness
Stop fueling the fear Work together and darn it be an Adult!!!
Great.  Get a job and buy your own plan. #shutupLiz
Same thing ACA did. People had healthcare lost it, people that didn't have health care gained it. It just switched sides.
but but Paul Ryan called the CBO estimates bogus. Oh, who to believe...
Senate and House GOP are becoming trumps Murder Incorporated!
Are you willing to be taxed to pay for those that don't have insurance? Put your money where your mouth is.
What freakin bill is this one? They're trying to confuse us so we lose track.
Every version is WORSE than last! .@LindseyGrahamSC WHY is .@GOP trying to HURT CONSTITUENTS & Americans who are poor,sick& disabled?Vote NO
This is a complete lie.  You don't have the mental horsepower to even understand this...and don't care it's a lie either.
CBO has lied about the numbers on obamacare.400 million paid the penalty in there taxes premiums doubled and tripled but you don't care
Because most wouldn't be force to pay for it like we are being force right now!
NOT ACCEPTABLE.
The don't know their to partisan.
How many more would be uninsured when obamacare implodes?
How bad had CEO missed the last two estimates!
That's a drop in the bucket compared to what's going to happen when your Obamacare plan implodes and it will stay out healthcare
NO

I Know It's Hard 
Tell The Truth 4The Low Info Plp

ACA MksU Buy InsRUr Fined 

GOP U HveAChoice 
That Were Uninsured #ComesFrom
once again, Republicans show they will support anything as long as it's taxcuts for the rich and budgetcuts for the poor
CBO almost as full of bullas you Pocahontas

NEW: Trump administration used Obamacare promotional money to run a major PR effort against the law http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it …
Obama paid his PR people over half a billion in a year.  Way to spend taxpayer money
And currently 32M have insurance that most doctors won't accept.  How is that any better?
17 Million, that is the number of people Ocare has insured. Everyone else already had it. Research people, dont blindly listen to this liar
@SenateMajLdr and the GOP don't care if none of us have healthcare, as long as THEY DO.
If the Democrats what I've never mess with the health care in the first place we wouldn't be having this conversation.
A bunch of bunk. Not even close to 32 million- Most of those people were FORCED to buy OCrap and would once again CHOOSE not to buy. Lies
#TheyDontHaveHearts
Obama can't help our own homeless but gave 20,000 Syrians free housing, medical and jobs.
Otherwise known as the people that were not entitled to it in the first place
Wow every time the dems slam this the number of people losing healthcare grows. Get you're facts together before lieing so much.
Dumb number considering CBO uses Gruber assumptions & those with free Medicaid would remain although they assume they would lose.Another lie
Same "data nerds" that said we could keep our plan?
And our doctor?
And save $2500/yr?

The CBO data nerds need to find other employment.
data nerds were WRONG with obamacare numbers so what makes u think these numbers are right?! start working, doing nothing isnt what we pay 4
Do you think liars are scumbags Liz? I do. In fact, I have a picture of one.
CBO gets it wrong almost every time! Stop trying to spread hysteria!
Which would actually save them money not being penalized on their tax returns.
If deductible is so high that your carrier doesn't pay for any of your medical care, do you really even have insurance? #Obamacareparadox
And then there is the rest of the story: but lets not let the facts get in the way right -"Native American"
But, there are only 8 million people on o bozocare now. Washington D.C. math....
The CBO has not been correct for the past eight???
#repealandreplace
Actually because the mandate would go away...

It was and has been in trouble, you now have the choice of just 2 provider.
This is why the current bill isn't a starting point for negotiations but a start to the end of healthcare for the masses. Unacceptable @GOP
What masses. Only 12.2 million people are insured through the exchanges most are there because we were forced to buy.
Another misinformed person. How will we - 32 million be uninsured under the @GOP bill who are now make your numbers work? Look @POTUS
Their are more than 32 million now that can't afford health care under Obama's health care and getting worse. Stop stupid don't talk senator
Just when ya think the R' s can't possibly make it worse
Obama beat them at worse. Keep in mind that the ACA tried to copy mitt Romney successful healthcare.
my prems $400 to $600, deductibles $4g to $8, I cant afford medical tests. Obamacare destroyed healthcare for working people.
Put insurance in an open market with more companies so costs will go down not up!!  Fuck Obamacare
What the hell are you guys doing? You got voted in to fix this, now you are just jerking each other off!!! Wtf
Just curious but my insurance is now 1600 a month for a family of 4!!!! Wtf fix this shit congress!!!! Pull your heads out!!!!!!
Yeah, but they're Fake data nerds.
He would hurt his own people to give Trump a victory.
Anything over one million should be regarded as a crime against the State. Intelligence tests needed for POTUS.
I'm going to let them die...Donald's promise.
Except on its face, the claim makes no sense. If #ACA added 20 million (allegedly) how is it that 32 million will be "knocked off?"

"Nerds" hahaha
No money for the government
When Obama care fails there will be 350 million citizens knocked off and pissed off ,similar to the reason Mr. Trump was voted in 
30 million able bodied Americans. And reduce the national debt by 119 billion
they're never wrong
Unacceptable
Oh what a short memory you have. And what did the CBO say about Obamacare?
Know what else the CBO said? Obamacare premiums would rise 50% by 2020, and 100% by 2026. Affordable care act? LMAO.
I don't believe anything any of you say anymore.  I don't care which party you belong to.  I think you are all "WE" people!
Dear Liz: you support killing babies via #PP and unaffordable #ACA which kills adults and children through huge deductibles.  No CBO on this
Fake news... Fake Polls... Fake Indian.... Notice the one thing the DNC has in common? Come on Pocahontas I think you can figure it out.
How many have been knocked off of your plan?  How many states have no ins co left on exchange. Those that only yell can't provide
Also said we would have 22 million on oboma care now only. 9 million missed it a lot
Senator, FYI: 'nerd' is not a term of respect. Our nonpartisan institutions deserve better.
Only 9 million were uninsured before Obama care started....Liberal whackjobs-----sky is falling mentality
Clairvoyant now are we?
Goofy,,,goofy.. the cbo is wrong almost 100 percent of the time
Senate Republicans should hide in disgrace for turning their backs on the American people.  They are as low as it gets.
McCain gets his healthcare while MILLIONS of other vets, children, part time workers, people with chronic conditions won't and will die
These Republicans are just determined to harm the American people so they can give our taxes to their rich friends;
you know, if they keep screwing withthe  bill, they can get <<everyone>>  to lose health ins. coverage.
Or in terms @SenateMajLdr might wrap his brain around- rough 7 times the population of his home state
Don't forget mitt Romney, a Republican started the healthcare bill which Obama try to copy and failed
So it saves money and that's bad.
Wrong..wrong number and kicks noone off..you talking about people who willingly drop out.
#ObamaCare #Fail #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Duh duh dun!!!! Ms Warren!!  U think that more than half wouldn't purchase if the mandate wasn't there.  More fake news!!
You lie.
Seeing how we have probably 10% fraud atleast in healthcare that would probably fix some of the problems.
What is wrong with these GOP men? Srsly? Have they completely forgotten that they represent the U.S. PEOPLE, not McConnell & his cronies?
FYI: They may prefer the term "Data Geeks"...

uhhhh-we didn't have health care to begin with- Ocare was an experiment-it didn't work! now get to work and fix it-we aren't all rich like u
OMG devastating information on the adverse effects to Americans from this sick Trump bill 32 million without health insurance.
CBO  also states that primums would drop 30 to 35% so this statement 
 is a bit counter productive
Did these data geeks figure in the amount of healthy americans will opt out of their mandated healthcare, or nah. I assume nah
That's not health care. We can do better. #ProtectOurCare This is not Rep v Dem. This is vitality of robust republic. #ACTUp #SaveMedicaid
This is just to repeal and not replace. This is not the new plan......can you even read
Duh....
How about this @POTUS
1. Repeal Obamacare
2. Lower taxes
3. Build the wall
4. Finance Medicaid (Single-Payer) with a Consumer Tax
Congress should only be allowed healthcare coverage paid out of pocket with money equal to minimum wage after taxes,rent,& food.
#Equality
The data nerds probably appreciate you comment. I'm sure you mention that as a compliment. You are one sick person.
Is apples and oranges elzabet
They just don't care. They have their coverage. To hell with hard working Americans. Sad indeed!
Thats not the truth Miss Warren?
It literally calls them data nerds if I were the "data nerds" I'd want something like data experts. Ha trash your own good news now?
Three republican women senators said no way will they vote yes on repeal only.  Collins, forgive, forgot other two.
so now the CBO are “Nerds”  What does that make you?
over the next 10 years is their estimate.  Do you really think the problem would go on for 10 years?  Tool that long to get here.
Mrs Warren. How many millions won't have insurance at all because of Obamacare failing. Put in perspective.
That's 10,000,000 more than previous estimate. Shame on them for even suggesting to do that. What a total lack of empathy! Heinous!
The Trump administration gets more and more bizarre everyday. They've only been there 6 months! What a total fuck up!
Same CBO that said Obama care would cost less than a trillion dollars over 10 years and now say it will cost over 2 trillion.
Bless those data nerds. Analysts make the world go round. :)
Being forced to buy into the plan your employer offers, yet having few doctors where you live accept it shouldn't count as "being insured"!
They didn't promise access. That is never in their arguments only "insured". I'll pass out if one of them actually says access to good care.
Senator Warren, how about getting off your egotistical high horse long enough to wish Senator McCain well? Looser
By far and wide different. What about people that lost their insurance because of the ACA.
Then they would have to find a job, them be responsible !!! Screw off, liberal
Why? Because MATH ALWAYS WINS
How many of us were knocked off of insurance when Obamacare was passed?
The “22 million” rhetoric wasn’t working so you had to add an extra 10 million? Is this the same CBO that got #Obamacare wrong?
Not correct
Terrible.
Are these the same guys who said Hillary would win? 
GOP out for their own interests and are all crooks.
It isn't just the GOP. Bernie authored legislation to lower drug prices. Cruz & 12 other Rs voted for it, it was 12 Dems who killed it.
If it wasn't for Hillary Bernie could've won
You lie about this just like your Indian heritage. You have zero credibility.
3)feeding those attempting oligarchy in the USA! We must stop it now!
2)we have a RIGHT to LIFE! It's not like the insurance industry has a sworn duty 2 uphold the Constitution or serve the ppl! Reps r only
That includes many who don't want to pay for it anyhow plus those who are subsidized by tax payers. No threat of fines for opting out.
The term nerd is offensive
Theses same nerds verified ACA data. That's not working out
CBO is wrong 43 million will knocked off their insurance. Don't forget the 11 million illegals
That assumes it would be replaced with nothing Senator and you know it . Oh wait a minute,  you are a "HAWVAD" prof. Maybe you don't get it
1)That's not even the worst abt this bill! They're attempting 2 allow the insurance companies (financial industry) control our health care!
Hate to break it to you but they were doing that under Obama
I can't get over the yuuuuge savings #Repeal would generate! Almost as much as a whole year of the defense budget! #FiscalResponsibility
You forgot that's 9 yea s from now #asshat

32 mill added to the 29-33 mill now without healthcare for a grand total of approximately 60 Million Americans. Certainly not #1 or #MAGA
32 by 2026 it's more pocohontas BS
Yet they continue to bad-mouth single payer. Dems need to create clear talking points on the exact single payer version they support. Do it!
Is America great again yet?
Are we supposed to be surprised?
Lol.. data nerds at the CBO? You're a disgrace of a senator. You propagate lies for your own career. #Pinocchio #Pocahontas
More bs from libturds

Americans are too stupid to know who to vote for! They rather vote for those that would hurt them them the most!  Vote for insane lunatics!
Yeah, like the idiots that voted for Obama, stupid people.
What do you mean ‘data nerds’???  Hard working analysts trying to untangle a Gordian Knot’ of legalese to demonstrate the depravity of GOP!
I hope y'all don't take away my healthcare
Lmao. Data nerds is the best description of analysts I've ever heard out of a sitting Senator.
Shouldn't we focus on the problem?Why do we have 32M people in our country that can't get jobs that provide affordable health insurance?
Because they import cheap labor. Debt clock gives the numbers. http://www.usdebtclock.org 
Same data nerds that you believed when @BarackObama said nobody would lose insurance to #Obamacare ?

#freemarket
Thank you for fighting to let me keep my insurance.
.@SenWarren Keep the factiest facts coming Senator! 
There's not 32 million on ACA
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain a speedy recovery and well wishes to beat that cancer.
That epitomizes the values of the GOP, the party of no morals, no integrity, no ethics money over people.
And Obama promised that ACA would be broadcast live on tv so everyone could see what was in it, also promised we could keep our insurance.
You first, Mitch. Give up your healthcare insurance before taking ours.
They are exempt from Obamacare. If we ever needed an amendment to the constitution it is Congress participates in ANYTHING they pass for us.
Fully agree. Also TERM LIMITS!
This is assuming that none of the people currently having their healthcare subsidized by others are ever able to provide for themselves?
True but only true until they introduce the new plan.
Your zombie analogy from yesterday was spot on.
The GOP doesnt care. It's all about tax cuts for the rich.
Thought it was 100 billion
Only if not replaced Pocohantas

Little of the info you give us turns out to be true, Elizabeth. Your sources are not correct.
She is quoting CBO figures.
GravelGerty she's shared an article written by Boston globe...
Not CBO
How can they be ok with this? They should all give up their insurance until they fix it. Easy to take from people what you have guaranteed
Why didn't Obama go on the ACA for himself and his family?
This is a lie. The CBO does not say that.
not a lie and indeed they do. Do your research before you call a sitting US senator a liar.
Hey Pocahontas, What's the break down by age and desire to forgo because they're healthy?  Your stat is crap without break down by cohorts.
Wow 24 mill to 32 mill... What changes did they make to have the bill be so much worse. truly deplorable
It was bad to start with.
