
What does pro corporate even mean? Thats how Americans make money, get products and services. Should they be pro government? Laughable
Let's not forget, almost all the Dems just hopped on board to give Trump & Co. a larger military spending increase than he asked for.
What would you rather have capitalist or socialist Elizabeth wants socialism along with their buddy Bernie
Keep up the good work - watching & reporting it out.  So much to keep up with. Most of us don't even hear of the judge appointments.
What's insulting is you supporting a women who accepted money from the saudis and then preached about gay rights. That's insulting.
If you looked up the word insulting a pic of your face would be next to it!
Crook

Translation: "I don't understand what's going on, I just hate this older lady who's also a Senator and a Dem at the same time."
I understand she lied about her race to get advantage. She took a #NativeAmerican's place! If that's not immoral enough for you, I'm sorry.
More insulting than you pretending to be for the people when you take every opportunity to capitalize on the suffering of regular people?
Tell them your stamp is broke and out of ink like their health bill.
COMMUNISTS ATHEISTS WANT TO  GIVE FREE EVERYTHING TO ALL..BANKRUPT AS USSR DID..DOES NOT WORK..FOOLS IDIOTS TO VOTE FOR  CHAOS..FOOLS,AS YOU
This whole administration is insulting.
To be fair the Dems have been doing a great job of being pro-corporate since the 90s to get as many moderate Republican votes as possible.
You didn't learn much in that college you lied to get into!
If i remember correcyly u campaigned 4 Hillary Clinton. Talk about pro corporate pay for play queen. Wasnt that insulting??
Stick to your guns!!!
You are insulting. @POTUS nominees deserve Senate vote not obstructionist asses like you holding them hostage.
It is insulting.I am grateful to have at least one politician that is truly for the people and sticking up for us and our rights. Thank you!
Liz, what's also insulting is Hillary, Huma, Debbie
Schultz, and Donna Brazile.  Not to mention the
Obama Dept. of Justice.
Give'em hell senator don't let the bullies win 
You must be on government assistance, why wouldn't you want our president to do good
Because trump doing good means breaking the country 
How's he breaking the country, everything that everyone is being crazy about; didn't bother them 8 months ago, think about that one,
Right because Obama was also banning Muslims,revoking Daca,trying to repeal Obamacare,alienating our allies,colluding with our enemies etc.
Disappear, will you??
The insult was BHO bowing to the Arabs and anyone else who would stand still long enough. BHO broke us, you are perpetuating that.
Whats insulting is your fascist party constantly working against the will and interests of the American people. Enjoy more losses in 2018.
PRESIDENT Trump, Senator!
What's the matter,they didn't offer you enough money to get your vote?

Calm down, and turn your collar down. This isn't 1983 or the Elizabethan age. Thanks.
Kind of like you buddy Wasserman rigged for Hilallary
Do they think Democrats are that stupid?
He is President he should have who he wants
Warren the country is in a mess because of your type of people you don't know what the hell your talking about
Do you remember what was happening when Obama took office? Losing 800,000 jobs A MONTH! 8years later-you think Republicans make it great?
My sources state that: The president can appoint them and you can do nothing to stop him. Maybe he will appoint some Native American Judges
Senate has authority to "advise and  consent" judicial appointments. So your sources must be talking about another country. Maybe #Nambia?
@SenateGOP @SenateDems

not as insulting as ACA
You won’t let them do it! Thank you for being with the people and for the people

I know. Isn't that just great?  Elizabeth, you're funny.
Whats insulting is the fact that Congress wants to block President Trump at every  turn
What's more insulting is that the republicans only mission during the past 8 years was to block President Obama.
You need to be voted out....how many millions have you made being a senator
So you're saying the Notre Dame professor falls into this category.
Just like Obamacare...your a typical politician.  Work for the people
They're hypocrites, plain and simple! Keep fighting them. We have your back.
Winning!
How I do LOVE U, Sen! My hero since U arrived on the scene, have never let me down. Keep it up, telling the truth that GOP hates! U R GOOD!
You are insulting Pocahontas
You democrats are all talk and no action until somebody raises their voice.
They think we are stupid but they are the morals
You are insulting Lizzy.
With what comes out of your mouth; it's hard to believe your insulted by anything 
Liar.

They are all crooks and liars. Out to advance their private, rich, agenda.
Not going to happen! Hell has not frozen over!
What's insulting is that you are a US Senator. You would advance a nominee of  Trump's if they were Left wingers. Because you are a HATER>
You are a liar!
Run for prez Liz. You'll certainly lose using that type of faulty logic
Blablabla. I'm sitting squaw and I hate all you
RESIST!!!
You're insulting to Native Americans!
Your party is worst N DC.Encouraging people to become victims?NO ONE Is victimized in USA.Affirm.Act. gives protected classes adv.Hard work.
Your such a liar, try telling the truth, it'll set you free CRACKAHONTAS
What country is this???
You need to let the president clean  up what you dems messed up
How did you vote on increasing defense spending, Fauxcahontas?
You're insulting. Lying hypocrite.
Status quo. Isn't that exactly what the Donkeys expected?
@SenateDems MUST BE A UNITED WALL against the attacks by GOP against our democracy! NOT ONE VOTE to move BAD NOMINEES forward! FIGHT!
and you and Barry didn't try it too? Be careful what you do when it was your turn as things come back to bite and bite HARD. Karma Lizzie!
What's insulting is... If you like your policy you can keep your policy! #MAGA
Hold firm Sen. Warren! Thank you!
the Kuhner man at RKO owned you the other day.  We know what you represent.
You mean the same way Obama & the Dems did for 8 yrs - including Obamacare? Insulting when the shoe is on the other foot.
How does it feel since that's what you socialists did under Obama. #Pocahantas
Burn their outhouse down.
Does anything satisfy you outside your little Snowflake world. You have got to be help to live with.
How was it put? Elections have consequences.
What's insulting is your claiming to be an Indian. We don't need your votes, sit in your wigwam and share some whine with Hillary.
Easy solution: NO.
Keep holding their feet to the fire!
LMFAO ... At you of course....
Why wouldn't you
You mean the Pro-corporate  people that actally create jobs??
Of course the Dems would never do such a thing.  Righr!
Have suddenly learned to read? Excellent! See, hanging out in your pretend teepee pays off.
No, your constant hyperbole & progressive shilling are what's insulting fauxcahontis
I certainly have to give you a little credit Ms Warren, you can twist the truth tighter than a worn out dish rag! smh
It's so he will have more time to golf!
Then don't do it Senator. Teeeting about it won't do anything except show how weak and whiney you are. You're a US Senator - act like it!
Senator,  are the nominations qualified?  If so, then you should confirm them and stop the obstruction.
Business as usual obstruction at all cost you demsh*ts r so afraid bc your political game is exposed n will never be able to lie again
Rs wouldn't do it for lefty judges. So thank you for standing firm when R POTUS nominates unqualified and dangerous ideologues.
Quit tweeting. You are misguided and misinformed!
Liz your starting to tweet like the President you're getting out of control 
Just like the Dem's wanted the GOP to blue slip their left wing candidates to advance over the past 8 years?  you are a #hypocrite
Elections have consequences
Having you in the Senate is insulting and embarrassing
get off my TL ugly russian
In "deplorables" language...their pro-jobs  nominees to ......
And yet that's what the DNC expected the GOP to do during Obama's admin. Why do you condemn it now but not then?
Ha, like you did on Obummer Care??
But it was okay when you did it, right? I hope your state sends you packing back to your tee pee.
Better than your pro-socialist left wing people.
The embarrassment for our country was Obama Get on the right side of the people Stop supporting obstruction It makes u useless
Whats insulting is appropriating heritage for personal gain.
Sen Warren -- I heard Mueller knows election results were false. Trump cheated. Is this true?
Yeah cause he's the one who had the illegals voting. 
Considering how McConnell and GOP obstructed Obama nominees, this is beyond insulting. It is the height of hypocrisy. True GOP naturally.Bad
Old Man Mitchell says suck it up buttercup
Again, as opposed to your pro-corporate left wing nominees?
No you and your democrat colleagues are insulting!!
Stop with your hypocrisy
While whole Trump admin is busy w/N.Korea according to BBC/Australian news China is quietly consolidating its position in the SouthChinaSea
"For seven years, Senate Republicans have delayed votes on key nominations, including district and circuit court judges, key regulators..."
"...and foreign policy and national security officials." Sen Elizabeth Warren 6/5/16
U know what else is insulting, U voting to give the DOD near double of what the boy king asked for. WTF is wrong with you? #WhosPaying4That
kinda like you did when you LIED and screwed over the American people with the unACA? #hypocrite
But you did it for many of his other nominees!!!!
Who does he think he is Putin? ... yeah he wishes.
Your left wing communist statements are insulting to all Americans
Disdain, contempt- maybe.  Insult would take more credit than I could give him.  But, suit yourself.
Would you prefer left-wing nominee? If so why don't you just say so and stop all the silly statements.
sure you will....you know, Democracy and all that...
For sure insulting.
High CHEEKBONES and Mee-Maw do not an Native American make. You're a fraud & literally no one believes a word you say (except Bill Maher)
well they are nothing if not insulting...
I hope republicans give your next president the same slow dragged out confirmation process that your giving them.  What goes around ...
IT IS FASCISM!
Dedicated to the Pandering Party
Easy to ignore what's being gifted to the immigrant child is the same opportunity the native born child had from his first breath.
You're existence is insulting. Put the collar down and get normal sleeves.
Please don't let this happen.
It's like doing business with the MOB!
Well a lot of Dems have done just that. You should call them out.
I wonder how many people think you're irrelevant and over the hill?
ME - that's one!!
It's exactly what @TheDemocrats and @BarackObama wanted for their pro-corporate, left-wing nominees to advance.  so what's the diff?
Unqualified candidates being appointed for obvious reasons.
doesn't accept climate change?  omg
Seriously. Watch this space:
Is that why you voted yes for nearly $700 billion more for the war machine?
The so called "war machine" s you call it keeps you liberal ass free and safe.
How's that? Invading nations for natural resources is someone making me safer? And free? Have you looked at our civic liberties lately?
As is your vote on the defense budget.  I have always been an avid supporter, but I just don't get this vote?  Explanation?
Blue slips should all be tossed in the receiving Senator's recycle bin .... never returned.
Almost like the rubber stamp you gave the grotesque 700 billion military budget.
The most critical by far to block now is Bridenstine, who is CERTAIN to take the pro-oil agenda to block climate sci
THEN FIGHT TO STOP THEM AND GET PEOPLE TO ORGANIZE MOBILIZE TO VOTE THESE TREASONOUS GOPS OUT OF OFFICE IN EVERY LEVEL!
NO MORE TALK RESIST!
Hahahaha, you must be one of those "dreamers" hahahahaha
You mean judge them on their qualifications for the job and not a leftist ideological test?  Imagine that.
What qualifications? Bridenstine is not a scientist or engineer. He has no business at NASA
It's an administrative position, science or engineering are not qualifications for that job.  The man has administrative experience.
Are you SERIOUS? Charles Bolden was not only a capable administrator but also an astronaut. Bridenstine is a fossil fuel stooge politician.
Irrelevant.  A political appointee does not have to be what you consider the *best* candidate, just the qualified & nominator's preferred.
He should NOT be a political appointee, which is my point. He is obviously nominated to undermine climate research
So your contention is that a "political appointee" should not be a "political appointee" . . . because his politics disagrees with yours.
He's not sucking up to Chuck and Nancy for nothing. When you make deals with the devil?
#Macau billionaire's goals at issue as #UN bribery trial starts. #UNGA Fact: UN high level officials take bribes.

Awwwwww
Thats what you wanted for Obama appointees. why the difference now. Sore Losers
At least Charles Bolden was qualified to head NASA.
Your insulting Lizzie!

Yes. What about that defense budget bill, then?
You lying about your Indian heritage is insulting
Yup!
