And, yet, GOP wants MORE DEREGULATION! /smh

Happen on your watch too
My daughter was bilked out of a few hundred dollars back in 2010 and has all paperwork and written communications with Wells Fargo.  Fraud
I can review your concern. DM more info including you and your daughters full name, address, and phone number (no acct #). Thx. ^KJ
Daughter talked to many of your employees, they blamed her for not seeing the fraudulent charge, even sent letter to corporate. Now u caught
I'm truly sorry to hear this, Kathy. I'd like a chance to help with your daughter's concern. To proceed, please DM us her info. ^HE
@SenWarren what do you recommend customers do? My mom just refinanced her mortgage with them.
... You can also speak with the settlement administrator at 1-866-431-8549, M-F. ^SJ
Thank you for this information!
Was the information we provided helpful? Please let me know if I can assist in any way. ^CC
Almost as fraudulent as you are!
I had them for my mortgage once. It was horrible.
I’d like to learn more about your experience. Pls DM your name, phone #, address, and some more details (no acct #). Thanks. ^AS
I did something 6 months ago thato really shook them up. I ended up with nothing.
Wasn't Wells Fargo a Donor for DNC and Clinton?
When will #Wellsfargo be sued for their dishonest mortgage practices? I lost my house because of their fraudulent practices.
Let me take a closer look into this. Please DM your phone #, mailing address, and the referenced address (no acct #). Thx. ^AS
It can be any worse than the fraud Congress pulls on the American public daily.
No different than the #DNC & corrupt politicians - evidence exposure blatant crimes and NO ONE held accountable. 

#MAGA
#TrumpTrain
I wish it was unbelievable. It's not 
TIME TO STOP CRIME IN THE WHITEHOUSE--ALL MUST GO- FDA & BAD DRUGS-MONEY FROM DRUG COMPANYS GOIN TO SEN.S THIS IS ILEAGLE-USEN OFFICE FOR $$
I can't believe we still haven't had these banks answer for their fraudulent behavior which caused us to lose so much.  #nojustice
Criminals who can afford it view fines as "paying for the privilege." Until you use shutdowns & prison, they won't take you seriously.
Pragmatic evaluation says they are banks in name only; they more closely resemble organized crime. Until response matches reality, you lose.
Is it worse than committing fraud by claiming to be Native American in order to land a job over more qualified people?
Integrity and Responsibility.  Since banks are going to seek insane quarterly profits of both, the punishment for failure should be high!!
Just like the Navy holds its own accountable as the Admiral for the 7th fleet knows.
how much did they donate to you?
Take your business to a credit union or smaller community bank. Better service. The big banks don't care about you.
Ms Warren Wells Fargo received this baggage from Wachovia Bank, as branch manager several employees practiced that unethical behavior.
Because you let Wells Fargo tell you they had it under control. There were no independent investigation.
Folks, close your account. Simple as that.
that's not always so simple
That's what people are going to start to say when they uncover all of your fraud
I'm so deep into them - will take years to get out
How about your brother Senator Menendez?
Your first mistake was believing that @WellsFargo came clean with everything the first time. What criminal does that?
These banks need to be broken up now! Additional regulations regarding size and to keep them legal. Smaller banks that could fail would ....
A lot of our banking problems go back to the 1980's.  remember Lincoln Savings?
Banks have been a problem for a very long time. I remember when I was growing up,local banks that were ethical, legal, people to help you.
What can we do about this?
Nothing, because Democrats won't act. No one held Obama accountable for his inaction, so it's SOP now.
I like that
But liberals wait! WF proudly wave a rainbow flag so all their corruption should be overlooked as they obviously care!  Idiots.
So that means any day now Trump will hire the people responsible.
Yet no one goes to prison.
Ugh my mortgage is with them, what can I do?
I bet if I did that much fraud I would never get out of jail
Repeal Riegle-Neal
Reinstate #GlassSteagall
Indict-Prosecute-Imprison

No more b.s. half measures like Dodd-Franck.
How is nobody going to jail for this. @WellsFargo committed fraud over 3.5 millions times. If I did that once to WF I would be arrested.
We put the wrong people in prison
Trump pledged $1 mill to Texas. Where's the from the socialists??
And yet the settlement was only $124 million.  Don't think that's gonna cover the damages...
JAIL the criminal Bankers.
Instead of paying Fine$ they should be JAILED!
*ONLY Accountability will stop this recurring cycle of corruption!
Primary Rigger. Sanders 2020
When is something going to be done about it.
Exactly! And still no one in leadership has suffered any consequences.SMH
DemoCRAPs didn't doabt fraud Wall Street committed on ppl when Dems controlled 3 branches of govt.  DemoCRAPs don't care.

They're ALL talk
This is no more unbelievable than a cat playing with its meal before eating it. Can we stop using these self deceiving adjectives please?!
Get them !!! @SenWarren
BUY BUY BUY!  Will be one of the best stock purchases you'll make!  Can only go up from here!
Elizabeth, you do not care, you are for any cause that you feel will make you look good. You’re the biggest hypocrite in government!
You should know ! Your a fraud ! Pocahontas!
Maybe its time for the death penalty for these CEO`s who destroy peoples lives with their Greed and Corruption ,politicians Too . !
...And while we are on the subject of "fraud" @SenWarren...
I had account 4 furniture through Wells Fargo found out another account opened in my name All 3 credit sent letter stating fraud #Illegal

Wells Fargo = Scumbags!
"Massive fraud" democrats know it well.
I'm curious: How many laws can a company break? How many people can a company hurt before it is shut down, broken up and sold off?
You should know all about fraud. #fakeindian
And you know fraud!
Look who's talking YOUR THE BIGGEST FRAUD 
Definitely time to loosen bank regulations, right?
@realDonaldTrump here is a perfect swamp to drain. What are ya waiting on.
Every single employee that opened a fake account regardless of WHY should be arrested. ASAP. Every single one of them.
Here's hoping someone slaps their wrists extra hard.
Wells Fargo shouldn't even be allowed to sell churros from a food truck.
Which reminds me to thank you for the butt kicking you gave their CEO a few months back. Pure poetry. Thanks for everything you do!
Haha! Unicorn dreams!
And I am sure the real number is twice.
Is Wells Fargo a subsidiary of the Clinton Foundation?
Wells Fargo....I am loyal to a local WF broker. I am assuming he is disgusted too??
I left Wells Fargo 15 years ago and never looked back. Unreliable bank....obviously
Thanks for the tweet about it. I look forward to you accomplishing nothing beyond the tweet.
"Uncovers" my ass. More like "couldn't find a way to hide them any longer."
I do they stay in biz. Really. WTF is going on in our country?
Good time for Wells Fargo execs to get into the Trump administration.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah!
Hang 'em high.
I coulda told you that back in 2009. I will never do business with this corrupt bank EVER again. EVER.
Poof...There goes Warrens donations from WF....
Makes me not want to pay my mortgage
Why is Wells Fargo even allowed to continue doing business!!??
What's more unbelievable is the massive fraud from our federal govt - WF doesn't scratch the surface.
Why anyone still banks with Wells Fargo is beyond me. How did this happen? Has CEO been charged w/ RICO charges?!!!
And the GOP is busily undoing Financial regulation because the corps will take care of things themselves. Can you sense the bitter sarcasm?
How do we know if they used our name.   A year ago or more I would get random emails from Wells Fargo about my account which I thought
Was about my husbands retiremnt.   Maybe I was a sham account because it was not a retirement fund
Like the " I am 1/64th" indian fraud you commited?
It is unbelievable--what an organizational failure.
I'm surprised...you are surprised!  It's NOT Unbelievable...A review of oversight, people involved...and charges must be brought.
I may have been reimbursed, but it certainly wasn't enough.  Where did the penalty money go?
I thought about using financing at a furniture store. I asked them who they used---"wells fargo" Me "no thanks". Keep your fraud away fromme
#LOCKTHEMUP!!! #ALLOFTHEM!!!
how is that bank STILL operating?!
Looks like Wells Fargo Executives are now eligible to be appointed to important posts in Trump Administration (It worked for DeVry Guy).
So, who's going to do anything about it?
#tipoftheiceberg
Everyone of these mothers should be jailed. This is like Madoff.
Why did this happen?
IS TIME FOR ALL OF US TO TAKE OUR BUSINESS SOMEWHERE ELSE, THAT IS THE ONLY, THE ONLY, WAY TO MAKE THEM PAY!
Yes. They are almost as corrupt as you.
Time to prosecute those in power that allowed this. I'm looking at you Democrats
We should NOT be surprised. WF made HUGE profits, penalties a pittance. W/out criminal charges won't stop.
Shut em down 
I'm sure Mr. Trump will pardon them like every asinine thing he's done so far
How about actual consequences for individuals? Jail time please.
5/3 is another one. They tried to foreclose on my elderly aunts home knowing that a family member forged her name on loan documents!
My son quit working there because he was given no choice. If he did cheat he was written up. He was expected to open 60 accounts a month!!
Hay drama hag ur all opportunist & no depth ! Warren u don't care B4 real 4 the 1st time in ur life
Greed is absolutely disgusting.
Go away Pocahontas
Wells Fargo NEEDS to be taken down, permanently.
Don't stop, keep looking.
Corruption seems to run rampant, particularly in Washington DC!
Warren 2020
But, but .... what about black on black crime?
I really need to switch banks ASAP
Go credit union!
I am gonna switch to RBFCU
Wells Fargo should be broken up!
time 4 asset forfeiture of wells fargo and arresting their board
Nothing a good dose of deregulation can't fix !!! 
It's time to dismantle this corrupt organization.
Why does this bank still exist? Stealing over $900k from consumers sb grounds for revocation of the privilege of doing business in America.
Go get 'em Chief!  Don't you have anything important to do ?....like voting for the hearing aid bill ?
Shut them down!!
We the people should never have allowed banks to become profit centers, the profit should be ours.
This worries me as i have a auto loan thru this co
Horrible.....but whatchall doing about Americans being the Trump family bank right now?
Can't wait till your fraud is revealed
Keep an eye on this...
Wells Fargo has something to do with western union also
Not surprised ...  corporate greed and white collar crimes are rising.
Show them the measure of mercy they had for their victims. No mercy.
Wow. Just terrible.
RICO case!
YIKES.
There is a reason I give them the double finger saluteevery time I pass a branch
Elizabeth you're phony concern is noted. Hillary's fraud is even worse than we thought too. #MAGA
Get to the bottom of this for the little guy and small business owners before we all have to shop at the company store
I'm moving to a credit union my next paycheck. Planned to do it a while ago. No more procrastinating
Wells Fargo holds my mortgage.  I hope I can refinance.  Sh*t.
Why this people aren't in prison for fraud
We have lost faith in the bank that houses all of our business and personal accounts...  Now considering moving to @firstcitizens #Charlotte
How about Dem frauds? Will you go after them? Bernie's wife, Maxine Waters w her husbands bank & Clinton!
Yet you supported HRC who received near 1/2 million from Wells Fargo lobbyists in 2016. Plus $ to HRC/DNC superpacs  https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000019743 …
Lmaooooooo
Totally agree-we needed a small HELOC and they refused but wanted to keep our $30M investment round. PONZI SCHEME ??
Wells Fargo hindered all our abilities to refinance.  Did not apply our monies to our promissory notes,  Wells Fargo violated Court orders.
Wells Fargo claimed they are going through an audit and will do a refinance when WF out of audit, instead abused our monies.
What is being done? They are fined & continue their criminal activities such as Ocwen. When will u do something abt this?
We are victims of a major economic crime committed by wells Fargo.  It is accounting fraud on mortgages. Need your assistance. Please reply
Wanna talk about fraud when you pretended to be part Native American 
But no one will go to jail of course.
Obviously wasn't done by a few employees so who started this and told so many employees to do it? Did they get arrested? 
Who would bank with these corrupt soulless vultures! Close your accounts, there are literally hundreds of other places to put your $$$!
Very believable
Almost as many accounts as Hillary had emails!
Can U please concentrate on the banks that aren't calling themselves out?!?! Atleast CFPB called Wells out & they are auditing themselves.
How about the Clinton foundation fraud,squaw lady
When will they audit Wells' post mortgage crisis books? No way they were as relatively unscathed as they appeared.
Ok so what?? Who gonna go to jail????  I'm waiting. Is this just hot air again?
Please TAKE AWAY their BANK CHARTER!! What is the OCC waiting for??? I worked for them 3 months and quit reported them to OCC!
SAD! A WARREN BUFFET BIG STAKE HOLDER COMPANY! LORDY! WHAT'S NEXT? THIS IS NOW A 3RD TIME! SERIOUS CROOKS!
This company is Organized  crime. They need to be broken up and sold off.
 Wow!!!!!
New logo
Note the Wells Fargo Twitter campaign about how they are learning from this...

I so dislike that so-called financial institution
WF: "Our bad; we previously indicated only 40% by misreading the rows, butfelt it was time to come clean" (before the whistle-blower blows).
Happily closed my Wells Fargo account already.
..and this my bank smh how much is too much, everyone poor!
Shows the fraud in Congress hello in the Senate hello
@KatrinaNation @WellsFargo @nytimes More fraud than an employment application for a Harvard professor job.
3.5 million fraudulent accounts! Who will be going to jail?????
@staceyraymond we gotta get out!!
How do I access my fake account - i may need that money one day
Go get them Elizabeth!!!
Thanks Chief
I am sure that's not all the fraud they have committed .
Very believable, have you met the RNC and DNC? They tend to do nothing when these things happen..
For the life of me I can't understand why ppl still bank with them!
Check to see if have fraud protection charges U didn't sign up for
Son never signed for just got back hundreds of $ & $50 check
Yet, I am confident no one involved will face incarceration. Our two tiered system ensures high crimes are met with fines, not jail time.
You mean "white" crimes or 1%er crimes
This company no longer deserves the name of 'bank.'
Less regulations!  Right
All their money should be donated
Oh no !!!!!
Oh
Because of their Abuse is one reason my Dear Uncle Committed suicide. He meant SO Much to me.
...I believe it...  ...I know exactly what a usurer is...
