Lady you are bonkers. Keep up the accurate representation of your party. Americans see you.
Says the inspirational youtuber who still talks about Clinton 6 months after the fact.  How about adding something to the conversation?
Hey, it's good you checked into me. You're going to hear a lot more about Hillary and her accomplices. Including obama The reckoning is here
So 2009
Lol right. Only her biggest crimes happened in 2016, Obamas crimes will come out very soon, especially the ones from the election

Yes you are all bonkers, ignoring there are three separate investigations into your ppl lol
Who the fuck cares about the people who ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT?  This only proves there is nothing positive to say about @POTUS.  Very sad 
Working class people, and that's most of us, please wake up before it's too late. The Republicans and oligarchs are using you.
I take it you're loving The Donald? If you're looking for change, and who isn't, you would have had some leverage with Hillary.
Wow.  Your world view is interesting lol.  Are you honestly trying to say that Donald Trump isn't elitist?! ITS A SIGNATURE OF HIS BRAND!
No he isn't. The elites look down on Trump though he's richer than most. They love to insult his intelligence, etc. He's not one of them.
Where are those tax returns Monica and what is Trump hiding. Perhaps his true net worth?
You are loony Sen. How is there an assault on U.S. workers when unemployment level is now down to 4.3. More jobs created again than forecast
Odd Hank that you said just last year that those numbers are phony. You insisted they were not true with Obama. Why are they real now?
Well you said they were true with Obama then you have to accept these numbers too.
I'll accept them as I did back then. Which means they haven't moved.
What are you saying? Back then it was at least 4.5% or more. Now 4.3% lowest in 16 yrs.
Nope 4.4 now 4.3.
Numbers best since 16yrs economists said about 4 3% so something did move to have 16yr low. Unless you say only an opinion.
Bush started at 4.2 ended at 7.8
Obama started at 7.8 ended at 4.4 
Trump started at 4.4 ...
But according to you the numbers aren't real. 
GDP up 2.8%. Obama never got over 1.7%. Next!

2000% correct
WRONG... Unemployment at an all time low, but don't let that stop you from shitting your diapers and throwing your regularly scheduled fits.
You are a wonderful senator, and I wish things were better in our country!  Keep on fighting for what you believe in!
Just like .@TheDemocrats carried all out assault of US citizens abroad w/#FATCA forcing #citizide. Both parties expert on harming innocent.
The only drama I see is coming from all you nut jobs on the left ! He won . DEAL WITH IT !
& WOMEN. Without ratification of the #EqualRightsAmend It is legal to discriminate against women  Join the 3 State Solution #ERANow
Trump:  I'm President & you're NOT.  My family. Vlad & I worked really hard colluding and making up lies about it.  Don't like it.  Too Bad.
Jealous baby? You want the Donald don't you?
LIAR!!!!
I'm a US worker and they haven't assaulted me.
This US worker could only be happier if you retired!

Waging war?  By trying to create jobs, lower taxes, remove Obominationcare?  What middle class are referring to?
Drain the swamp by hiring rich donors that are unqualified. So away with science. Hurt environment. New healthcare worse. Go on?
Please do go on.  And you think Hillary wouldn't have put in any of her donors?  And what healthcare got worse?  It's still the same!
If I lied on my sf86 I'd be in prison and would lose my clearance but his entire staff does it. HRC isn't pres but we wouldn't be on brink
Of wwiii and maybe she might have we will never know but they would have been qualified and not family.
Have you read the new bill. Tell me how it is better????
The bill wasn't passed...and I agree with you, it was garbage...but it wasn't worse than what we're stuck with.  It needs to be repealed.
63 million of us disagree with you. Don't throw out "all" like it is candy Pocahontas.
You might wanna revisit your 63m number
Because poll numbers for his support are
D
R
O
P
P
I
N
G

Also, the whole name calling bit #pathetic
Fake. Kind of like how Hillary was leading by 80%. LMAO.
But... She did win the people's vote. So, polls weren't too far off. Guess the electoral rip-off college should've been polled. Ah well.
Uh actually close to 5mill illegal and dead ppl voted for her so wrong again.
They've somehow tricked the workers into thinking the Trump admin is on their side... this is why we need more affordable college options.
Let me get this straight .... b/c people BELIEVE in Trump, You want more college options? Have I missed something?
Because they haven't viwed the presidency critically, which has broken numerous campaign promises, history lessons. It's happened b4
Have you ever seen a resistance to a president like this before I don't get your reasoning ,both sides are obstructing
I just think the US needs unbiased and affordable university for those who are willing to (and can) work hard. Not indoctrination or anythin
And bringing in massive illegal immigration from the 3rd world helps American workers?
Who do you think puts food on your table, grocers? No, the hard-working immigrants, mostly from Mexico.
What does that even mean?  Was this spelled out in your bowl of spaguetti-O's?  #MAGA #DraintheSwamp
I would expect no less from this traitor to th republic.
Quit spewing lies! Unemployment currently at lowest rate in 16 years!
I agree
Yes by the dems!
BS
Thank you ma'am
White blue collar america got bamboozled by trump. They bought his lies & thought trump would help them! All lies! Trump only helps the rich
You inspire us with your integrity and support of the middle class. Thank you for all you do.
she works hard and fights for those who have no one. What have you done dusty? #fakedusty
She fights hard to take from those that barely have enough to give to those that don't deserve it.
Christofacism. Look how Mike refers to the poor as undeserving. Common in christofacism.
Remy: People Will Die! http://tinyurl.com/yc5gog3j  #Obamacare
Thanks for your constant work. We are with you!  Impeach Trump.  I fear him more than N. Korea

You are full of it Liz, he's done more in 6mo. than Obama did in 8 years, stow it!
http://newsfortoday.org/elizabeth-warren-attacked-trump-last-night-trump-back-crying-floor/ …
Give us a break!  Your record has been less than stellar!
That's what #republicans do best; screwing over the working classes
You should really do some research!!!
Breath smells like S#(+...because that's all you talk.
Trump's fiscal year didn's start to October. this was a result of the previous administration..
Your  buddies the Clintons didn't do the people any favors with NAFTA & PNTR. Ross Perot tried to warn us about "That sucking sound"
You'll be out of office soon wacko if you don't rig the elections like you dems like to do
Thank you senWarren for standing up for the real heart of America.We will never understand why some politicians think it's ok to ignore us

Thank you for showing evidence. Some liberals will still deny the truth!
Just bc u like what it says.... Doesn't make it a fact.
Isn't that the truth!
You mean because the @POTUS is creating jobs for citizens rather than creating dependent welfare recipients! I can see how that is bad for U
Bless your . 401ks up, unemployment down, lower percentage of folks on food stamps... yep, sure sounds like an assault on the workers. 
Factory activity, construction starts, small biz sentiment all soaring. 1M new jobs and 1M fewer on food stamps.  Could u b more delusional?
Up is down.  Right is left. Black is white.  Every single economic indicator is bright, bright green and you are a congenital liar.
Definitely, every where they turn, more work and possibilities. How UN-DEM of them. 

LOL
TRUMP 2020 MAGA
REALLY B*TCH? BECAUSE YOU CANT HIRE SO MANY ILLEGALS? HOW ABOUT AMERICAN WORKERS COME FIRST FOR ONCE! GO BACK IN YOUR HOLE LADY
Get your facts straight ELIZABETH oh, and #pleasestopdrinking
He deserves so much more credit for what he has accomplished in this short period of time,with little support from the party!..I salute him

Horseshit
Ya, assault with a deadly paycheck
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
Shut up
Like you have a clue. You’ve never created a job in your life

Sen. Blumenthal Ct. Vietnam veteran (NOT) Sen. Warren Ma. Cherokee Indian (NOT) Two liars that must be drained from that D.C. SWAMP @POTUS 
well stop opposing every damn thing
Oh horse pucky...
That makes no sense. All I see is a surplus of jobs, thanks to the Trump administration. Everyone knows you democrats are full of bull......
Labor Sec. Alexander Acosta states unemployment has dropped to 4.3 percent, lowest since May 2001 ... 1 million jobs created! Great assault!
Are you that much of a "FOOL", have you even bothered to look at the June "Jobs Report". The only assault people see is yours on @POTUS.
Unemployment's at 4.3%, 16 yr low. Trump's assault on US workers is bad! Hope we don't reach full employment & destroy workers!
You forgot about 16 year low on unemployment.
You and the elites are so fos we can smell you in the south
Making such a ridiculous statement shows how out of touch you are with reality.
With that short of a span, the Tudors in government will continue to run us into the ground without consequence.
I was reading through the posts & have to say, lmao.  It's seriously sad when the attention span of Americans is that of your ave 2 yr old.
Thought so
Pochahauntus
Democrats keep losing elections, even when there's no elections to lose! per Greg Gutfeld
Ok, please explain this https://www.yahoo.com/news/us-sees-strong-job-creation-july-unemployment-falls-005552209.html …
Yes Elizabeth warren creating 1 million jobs for them is a true assault!!!
I call bs on you. State the facts.
I hope we can send him on his merry way (to prison would be good).
despite all the drama that pocahontas puts out, America is getting much better toward great. Demos assault us with high taxes.
How could you be that ignorant and get elected?  The unemployment rate is at it's lowest rate in 17 years.
the only drama is a direct criminal obstruction by you whiny democrats! Get over Killary's loss. Do your jobs
You talk too much
THERE IS NO NO NO ASSAULT ON WORKING PEOPLE BY ANYONE WORKING WITH/FOR POTUS TRUMP
You spelled Democratic Party wrong.
You are very wrong..#wakeup 
I really doubt you will win in 2018. You are just very out of touch with what most Americans. #DONOR-MONGER
What people do you serve lady?? Why are you in office?? We do not, NOT need your HATER type. You are a .paid puppet
You smoking that peace pipe again? What a bizarre thing to say when jobs are increasing and Stock Market is booming. Strange woman. #Warren
r u serious?! it's an assault on all ur friends who want handout! amer workers r stronger than ever, saying it don't make it true...ur liar!
Dems create the drama keep going farther to the left ppl leaving your party everyday
Pres Trump is helping American workers by rolling back the BS regulations of obama and putting our interests first. What a liar you are
earnings meanwhile increased by 9 cents. (3/3) Courtesy of Bill Mitchell(I ALWAYS give credit). You are a fool and brain dead!
slightly to 4.3% from 4.4% while the labor force participation rate edged up to 62.9% from 62.8% during month. Average hourly 2/3
The U.S. economy added 209,000 net new jobs in July,beating expectations for 183,000 jobs.The unemployment rate ticked down 1/3
Have you completely lost your mind! We can see through you lady. It's not business as usual anymore as in screwing the deplorables!
Over 1mil new jobs in 6 months, boy that sounds like an all out assault on unemployment.  Maybe you should elaborate on your comment.
You democrats need to get your heads out of your butts and help him MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!
MY GAWD WOMAN! Those lies spill easily! U scare the out of me-& ur HATE chants & passng tax increases w/wiped out middle class in Amer! 
She's as delusional as nutty Nancy Pelosi and crazy Maxine! Every time they say something I laugh uncontrollably. Force feed them obama care
What in the world are you babbling about?  It's complete and utter nonsense. Good luck against the "Real" Indian.
The Donald ??  No more crooked family the Trumps are. They are making Russia great again. Congrats Trumpinistas!
Creating 1 million jobs....how will they ever get all that work done? 
Poor workers....
Trump is creating jobs. Democrat socialists hate that so buck up.  Obama didn't do anything in 8 years but put race relations back 50 years.
You havent been paying attention if you believe this statement.
u have that all wrong WarrenDems TPP, HC illegal, EPA  taking Jobs u support all  & the party that lies cheats & steals
You are queen of drama!!!
Pocahontas is FOS once again! It's getting deep!
So true!
You are a no talent senator, who got where you are by lying about being an American Indian. How embarrassed they must be by you.
Hey Pocahontas how's your "Trump's all-out assault" going? If you meant creating ONE MILLION NEW JOBS Then It's going great MAGA

check unemployment #s.stopping illegals & unskilled immigrants from taking jobs from  youth. Priceless!!
More like bringing jobs back here and not shipping jobs overseas. He's doing what your new pathetic vision states. FAKE INDIAN
cunt.
Democratic are trying to hijack the President agenda and claim it as their  own. You don't have any ideas and he has
So you're trying to get back into workers votes now? Tell me how it works
you are so wrong
pocahontas, demo fascists always projecting what they do, on Trump. Go away pocahontas. You poke & haunt us.
You have lost your mind. The drama isn't coming from the Trump admin. ALL the drama is coming from you democrats.
I used 2 respect u. No more! U r hater & we don't need more of those. SHAME on u. Unemployment @ lowest since 2001!
#LIAR
I think you have that wrong. Trump is best president ever
Ha Ha, That would be the democrats.
pocoloco is crazy
Clearly you have not been paying attention, Jobs are coming back to the states, stock market is at an all time high!  Your Blind!
What Fantasy World do you live in?  Numbers and Facts show you are out of touch! @SenWarren

economy is growing, jobs being created/filled in record numbers & wages climbing. obama & democrats should've assaulted workers long b4 now!


SeriouslyMakes no sense whatsoever. Now I'm fully convinced of your lunacy! Just kidding, I knew it all along.
Sadly, ppl buy into your bullshit. "Liz Warren - Trump Waging ‘All-Out Assault On US Workers.’ A Day Later, Unemployment Hits 16-Year Low"
Did you have a stroke cause you seem to be sooooooo out of touch....seek medical attention immediately

R U crazy? UNEMPLOYMENT at 16 year low! More than a million jobs added! Markets & 401Ks are back to life. Your rhetoric is a lie.
Wow Pocahontus you got that one wrong! Maybe you should look at the jobs report and apologize to @realDonaldTrump #satchat #saturdaymorning
Your not nuts, your insane. Trump gets 1 million new jobs for Americans in 6 months and your saying that's a bad thing. Take your meds kook
You are crazy TRUMP IS THE ONLY ONE THAT REALLY CARES ABOUT WORKERS AND YOUR RESISTANCE IS DESIGNED TO COVER THAT FACT UP
How does one person have so much stupidity in them...  You are a clown.
How's your investments doing U r seriously out of ur mind u make no sense not sure what ur motives r but seriously?
F*cking screenshot worthy.

You are the drama.   The dems are the drama.   Trump is too busy working.   America is sick of the drama.
What?   Are the welfare rolls going down?
Meanwhile unemployment just hit a 16 year low....
Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! #MAGA
This is such a lie!
Ms Warren, please show some respect for our President. You only get what your willing to give yourself! Treat others as you want treated.
Fu Warren! You put out an all out assault on our constitution & bill of rights ever since you took office, pos! Move to Germany!!!
Bwahahaha yeah like adding a million to the workforce,that bastard!
This HAS TO BE THE STUPIDEST POST EVER...
Geez, you're totally nuts! Could you be any more delusional?!
Good political statement. Most American are disappointed in our system of government.Since you are part of the system be aware.
