For Mr. Mueller to succeed, he needs total authority to pursue this investigation – completely free of any hint of political interference.
As Mueller steps up to enforce the law, Congress must step up too – with its own independent, bipartisan, & transparent investigations.
You're such a hypocrite.
Anti-American egomaniac who will do anything 4 attention:  Shut up & Go home!  You need serious treatment!
hey @SenWarren

never ever assume you know what the American people believe. What we know is obvious is that your a fool
We need you to move to a Communist country!  You are a traitor to American values & are very sick!  Shut up & go home!
keep your ass out of sight people are throwing up
You and other Democrats need to be investigated for Obstruction of Work! You need to give your paychecks back!!!
Finally! They listened! .. But don't get complacent .. have a long way 2 go #RESISTANCE
Careful what u wish for MSM & Dems ! You gonna settle for a decision that may find zero on Trump & something on HRC, Rice, Lynch, Podesta ?
If dRump has nothing to hide, then he should welcome getting it proven. #methinkshedothprotesttoomuch!!
Crackpot @SenWarren, Trump loves the Mueller investigation. #1 track the origin of the accusations (Obama). #2 imprison coup conspirators
I really wish you would stop speaking for the American ppl. You can only speak for the ppl in your district, you DO NOT SPEAK FOR ME!!!!
No, really Americans would like to see you and the rest of the politicians go to work and pass legislation like you were hired to do!
Your a moon bat and nut case city limits to even start this crap..  plus your a Fake Indian to get a job..
So you care to explain the "Indian" part? ...
Sharp? You see him lie, take away your health care to make a tax cut for very rich, build a wall that won't do crap but suck money..on & on!
Don't watch CNN nor FOX...give he little more credit of being an intelligent, informed American.  I form my own conclusions...
Please tell what crime has been committed here? 
We will all be laughing at you when they find nothing.  Major egg on YOUR FACE
Can't wait until this "investigation" proves Dems sooooo wrong
No.. No... Warren..!! It's only obvious to the haters like you! Taxpayers will get there money back for this complete waste. #TermLimits
Racist "injun" speak wasn't funny in the 1960's- now that we know better, it's disgraceful.
It's "obvious" to me that Dems are focused solely on this vindictive witch hunt - NOT on anything important to real people  #realworld #work
it's also obvious to the American people you're nuts.

He isnt in charge of this choice.
Good point!
Even if she was ...NOBODY can surpass the Orange one .. #Trumprussia #Impeach45
@neybarra And from what I know, Mueller is the perfect choice, as if Comey's sensei had been chosen.
How is it "obvious" that we must spend an infinite amount of time and money on everything that @TheDemocrats get upset about? Stop the waste
Holy shit!! You would be ok if Hillary had ZERO days without a scandal? For shits sakes, dRump is dirty. Sucks you voted for a con man!
Nobody can detail a single crime Trump has committed.  He openly, in his inaugural address, threatened the DC establishment. That's it.
And the FBI just got bored and decided hey, lets investigate dRump? You dRump supporters really dont get it, do you? He is DIRTY!
it obvious the American people didn't want anything to do with Dems in 2016
Until they find nothing then u will claimed it was rigged! Grow up warren!
Don't be to glad. Might investigate your parties attempts to nullify American elections, which is tantamount to treason.
If @SenWarren does not call for impeachment, we can only conclude that she is a coward.
We need to put pressure on @SenWarren to call for impeachment. Now is not the time for fear. Now is the time for action.
Can somebody get me Jose Baez on the phone? I'm gonna need a miracle to stay out of prison!
Prison for what?
So is money laundering. FOLLOW THE MONEY!!
I thought Native Americans would know better than to beat a dead horse. Oh wait...you are not really Native American.  #MAGA
IT WILL BE YOU NEXT !
mueller can start with #SethRich
it's not obvious at all. Every time you spread this crap, you offend millions that elected @POTUS & we will show you in 2018.
What the people want is for @POTUS agenda to be implemented. We want tax reform and the wall. We don't want this witchhunt to continue.
Its obvious that you don't do anything for the people. time to investigate the illegal surveilling unmasking & leaking. Stop wasting time/$$
GO BACK TO THE RESERVATION POCOHONTAS!!
Donald looks so comfortable with the Russians. He should just defect. @SenWarren
Yes, we also need one for the Hilary and Obama crimes as well
What we need is an unbiased & honest investigation into the murder and subsequent cover up of #SethRich.
and liz-bag is your hero? come on people. you can really do better than this shit bag. oops... I just showed my hate for her. my bad LMFAO
Where were you when the IRS was directed to attack political opponents? Definition of hypocrisy.
Robert Mueller should disqualify himself from  serving as Special  Counsel for conflict of interest. But you wouldn't agree, right?
Senator Warren is a nut job!
so 1 year into the investigation there is no evidence of collusion so it's obvious to the American people you are not a indian
Your not afraid they will find out about you and Russia ?
@POTUS @FoxNews When indep counsel reveals corruption under obama & hillary it may just backfire
NO, it's obvious that this is a witch hunt. It's been PROVEN there's no collusion yet you people keep on with this agenda. So disappointing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4HCV_oOS7M … You are investigating the wrong person
Your sick and need medical hep! Pronto!
"Counsel" sort of pretties it up. He's a special "prosecutor". Pls call 4 an independent commission, as well. The facts need 2 B known.
I take it Warren is extremely unpopular.
It is about time Trump is exposed andf impeached!!
Run for Pres! Run Elizabeth Run!
We should have this investigation based off what evidence. Is this not guilty until proven innocent?
No, it's only obvious to democrats.
no the American people are mad at you and fellow democrats.Your obstruction of the president is not going to work.What happen to the people
They've had months to find something, with both Senate and House looking...but yet they've found NOTHING!
THEY HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO DISCUSS/ITS CLASSIFIED. REALLY?
Yes, despite #45s denials we all want to know the truth. Keep an eye on them.
Warren you are a dumbass bitch
Can't wait to see the egg on your face when Mueller turns up empty. But knowing you and your colleagues you'll try to find some dirt.
we want to see Comey testify in public
Special counsel do not alleviate congress from doing their constitutional duty of checks and balance ,walk in the framers foot steps
.@elizabethforma
And it's also evident you need physiological help
Thank you for your service I'm congress
The only reason Trump/Russia has been pushed is to distract from serious crimes & murder.  Seth Rich ghost will haunt the DNC forever
I'm glad to get the truth.
Also... remember when Mr. Obama forgot to disconnect microphone on conversation with Putin and said to him... wait until I am re-elected...?
I don't believe Russia had anything to do with Mr. Trump being elected. H. Clinton is the one that should be investigated for private server
I bet the people of Massachusetts wish they had a GOOD SENATOR!
No. What's obvious is Dems are more interested in taking down this President than doing their jobs and fixing healthcare, jobs, etc. U suck!
If the shoe was on the other foot, you Drump supporters would be doing the same damn thing to Hillary Clinton! In this scenario, he's guilty
I love you so much @SenWarren
Amen !!
The only thing that's obvious is that the American people are being duped by the fake phony and fraudulent Main Stream Media !
Warren is a partisan hack
Go away
But what about an independent, bi-partisan commission to ensure a thorough, public investigation & ways to prevent a future #TrumpRussia?
fake
Me too !!! Who is the lier now lock him up
Prosecutor. Not counsel.
He should appear b4 your tribal committee.May be smoke peace pipe.
Keep up the pressure on this administration. The actions or lack thereof shows there incompetence. The bread crumbs lead to alot of offenses
Ok now show us his taxes, while your at it
So are 60 Million Americans who now are quite hopeful that Susan Rice and Obama's lawlessness will be finally exposed
Yes, so u can waste our money and time u partisan twit
Forget about the russians and remember Trump was voted in..Let him concentrate on the job he needs to do.enough of the buyers remorse
OBUMMER LEAKED HIGHLY CLASSIFIED INFO. DEMS ARE HYPOCRITES
The hypocrisy is astonishing. Unless you follow American politics and know she's owned by the Saudis
So are we!!!!
Pochahontas you too need to be investigated.
#notmysenitor
Fuck off Liz
You hypocrite: COMEY: May3rd VIDEO on . NOBODY ask him to stop INVESTIGATING.
Trump is a tool of evil.
@wamo60 I absolutely agree. It's a matter of time.
Not to every American citizen. You certainly don't speak for us. Why don't you do your job instead of being a paid protester. Enough of you!
Upon many fabricated lies my the democrats and media. No intent for truth as long the President is smeared.
I hope you find what you are searching for. However, I will be watching your every step @SenateDems
It is obvious to the American public Hillary should have one too. I am sure u support Bc u just tweeted about no one being above law.
It's obvious to the whole world Senator.
Hope they check your fake race status. You got skeletons in your closet. They may open one of your doors you want shut.
There is no collusion. Wasting tax payers monies once again!! Please get busy working for the American people that you are worried about!!!!
Non sense
Agreed! I hope this will be the end of 45 and his cronies!
Thank you
Your just wasting our tax money this will cost millions of dollars the ones who want this should pay for it. Stop being so hateful
Don't put words in the Americans mouth I want jobs a good economy and a safe America I could less about your stupid investigation
no it's not obvious.this is dem resistance to devastating loss..it will find nothing except HC Russia ties, real hacker of DNC
Trump Russia autopsy:Trump wins Marxists lose.
To investigate a lie that democrats made up
If facts=2016 election interference collusion extreme? What will Dem's do? Give Bernie Sanders tour? Throwing Clinton under bus sucky look.
Amen to that Liz!
Elizabeth your another one that won't even make it to another elected once your times up .Your so full of lies so many people are tired of u
Just think of all the subject matter which might be exposed. HRC and Podesta connections to Russia. HRC campaign making up DT/Russia story
U don't speak 4 us.U Dems & all ur games are hurting our country & people!
Isn't it really a special prosecutor? I like the sound of that better..
Why didn't you ask for a special counsel for Bengahzi or when Clinton and Lynch met or even for the IRS scandel
U and and the rest of your crooked Dems should be the ones be investigated ...m
No just you, it's a waste of tax payer money because you and your constituents can't get over him winning!
If this makes the liberals feel better and stops this silly storyline then yes.
"When you dig a grave for someone, make sure to dig another grave right beside it for yourself. Karma will be sweeter than election night!
If you don't get the result that you hope for will you organize a temper tantrum group... aka protest.
Special but not independent I might add.
absolutely.  Yesterday was one of the best days in my life. I'm so relieved.
Honey Badger  Elizabeth Warren
The Bureau of Indian Affairs would like a word with you, Chief Lies Her Assoff.
Yes, WE PERSISTED !!!
Me too!
Special counsel or prosecutor?
It's obvious you need to retire and go work at a casino
Love you, @SenWarren !  So proud to have you as my senator!
There's a lot of things obvious to the American people.  You being a fraud is pretty obvious
Thanks, again
Russia- Trump about to investigate why just one investigation
It's obvious that most American people are tired of hearing about Russia and want to hear more about the economy, taxes, infrastructure etc.
I think it's only obvious to the #dems who are trying in vain to delegitimize the #potus I hope you will at least accept the results #maga
It is not obvious. It's the Democrats who are sore losers that want an investigation. There was no Russian involvement. Ur candidate was bad
While all of this is going on trump is putting Milwaukee Sheriff Clarke in Homeland Security. This idiot is the worst on human rights
What a crazy waste of time and resources to satisfy a bunch of conspiracy theories about @realDonaldTrump 
Please just get to work
Your wasting tax payer funds to posture #Dems for midterms an yourself for a Presidential Run
God help the USA if you ever become President
Better to be investigated for something you didn't do than tried by innuendo, hatred and bigotry by the likes of a lier like you!
He should sneak out of the White House in the dark of night and go to Russia
Elizabeth- The investigations has been going on since Trump was elected 7 months ago! Don't you trust your government colleagues???
Move on to real work or get out
Year 2038: still looking for one piece of evidence that proves #Trumprussia
When is a special counsel going to be appointed to investigate the unlawful leak of classified information to the media?
You r one woman I no longer like #PotStirringHate #UrHatehadmadeuoverlookreality #WhatHappen2Goodness  #IHaveLostFaithinWomanReprestingMe
And if they find collusion, you going to feel this way? You gotta get your head out of the sand.
Best news Yet!  Let's get to the truth, pack up his chandelier and show him the door.  Bye bye 45!!!
No it's not, it's some scribble on a post a note
The administration needs investigated. McConnell & Ryan are guilty too! Maybe they need the boot on the butt out the door. No trust!
I really want to see Comey to testify publicly
#UnelectAmericanTraitors
You need to be investigated
You Democrats are going to be sorry when you find out that the collusion is going to be linked to Clinton and Podesta
Absolutely fucking btfo. Again.
took way to long warren !
No it requires a special prosecutor there is a big difference between the two
Waste of Money!!
LOL, what a democrat loser.....
Elizabeth, I'm a Republican and I'm with you hundred percent on this one
Smart girl.
