this is why you guys keep getting your asses handed to you in every election. How do you not see that?
Really? If we rejected every nominee we would win, just like that?
Stopping fascists and transphobes from getting power is a win.
If a "no" vote could do that, I'd say do it, instead we'd just get, "after obstructing complaints, D's obstruct"
I am okay with complaints if it means keeping Nazis out of power.
Me too but D's voting "no cant stop any1 – @SenWarren is focusing her fire one the worst (DeVos, Sessions, et al)
There is ZERO energy cost to vote no. Zero. Remember this when he fucking advocates for "treating" trans women with volts.
We're on the same side man, repealing ACA means I have $35,000 med costs every year
You're playing by your rules, not theirs. It's a mistake.
Agreed. Moreover, the rules are different in the post-Nov 8, 2016 world.  This is a sad display of "behind the curve" thinking.
the rules aren't different. They have always been thus. Democrats never try to actually win.
Disagree – mistake for us to stoop to their level, we should keep high ground
I'll be sure to keep that in mind when I'm being eaten by cannibals after WW3
You think a "no" vote on nominees would stop that? It would feel good and alienate others
who will be alienated by resisting trump? they ARE alienating us who want resistance
Ppl who hate partisanship and stayed home won't like no votes across board, pick fights
I called and emailed you. You are doing this at the cost of American lives and your reputation. It's not ok. #NoExcuses #Resist
I understand you disagree with her reasoning, but your emails & phone calls are probably why she wrote the explanation.
I did. Not good enough for me.
you are being unreasonable this is why we have Trump he will continue to divide us.
put on your big girl pants now and "person up"
read it and think!!
I did read it
That's nice, but a vote against wouldn't have prevented his confirmation AND would have shown us your integrity & intentions.
She's a Judas Goat that eats apples and milk with Squealer and thinks she's liberating Animal Farm
Thank you for your thoroughness and transparency. You are truly amazing and inspiring.
when someone lies over and over and over, I tend to stop giving them the benefit of the doubt. No would have been a better call.
Do you speak Navajo?
please vote against DeVos for Sec Education. Public Ed will not survive her ideology!
No. I'm still disappointed.
... Can't u all take a page from the Repub playbook? That man is unstable. Amendment 25. Article 4.
Sad.  This is not resistance, it's spineless.
Disappointed in you. We were all hoping you would resist, the way you encourage us to do every day.
your explanation sucks. You are collaborating with fascists. If Donald Trump wants to build a Lego car, you must oppose him.
if Donald Trump tries to blow his nose, you must be there with a subpoena and a forensic pathologist
you are offering less resistance to evil than a dill pickle, because at least the dill pickle would abstain instead of affirming it.
if we can't stop Carson, what power do we have?
when we had the majority they stopped us good.
they hit the ACA so hard that even with a supermajority we barely got a watered down version.
so they will get through with our help or without it. Let it be without. Make Trump own Carson.
yet still we do not understand. The dems need to show real leadership. Time for moral courage not politics as usual #dumptrump
further, you can't trust anything they say today. Don't legitimize fascism.
accountability and hard work is appreciated, but no should have been an easier vote. Vote no going forward, please.
just vote no. Let the republicans take ownership of this cabinet #resist
ok, thanks for the response
Fight everything! Don't give an inch! Stand for something!
This is unacceptable. We cannot treat this like a normal presidency. You guys are in denial of what's happening here.
You seem really nice and sane.
Goodbye.
so disappointed
so obviously scared to lose black votes in 2020 Dem primary. You are racist to your bones.
I wasn't a fan of tea party stances but they sure dug heels in unlike you & @marcorubio regarding cabinet hearings. #PaperStrong
this is horrible
If you think Republicans care where you "turn up the heat," you're not paying attention. They don't. Resist, don't collaborate.
.@SenWarren you judge people based on their actions, not what they say in order to get confirmed. you know he's a terrible choice. bad vote.
I expected more from you.  No excuses.  The lesser of two evils is not sufficient:
.@SenWarren Ben Carson believes Jews could've stopped the Holocaust if they had guns & liberal colleges should be monitored for liberalism
unacceptable
They alreay cut the mortgage insurance relief? What's next? And why did democrats not do during Obamas first 2 years what GOP is doing now?
I agree we need to pick our battles. However, Dr. Carson is completely unqualified his ability to do the job competently.
You HAVE to resist!! This is a new game and the only rules are to instruct and resist.
just #OpposeDeVos please and thanks
.@SenWarren Write all the FB posts you want - you approved a man who believes that women who get abortions are like slave owners.
she could not be anymore of a hypocrite, and she's my senator 
vote her out. We need ppl who will stand by their word
the alternative is way worse, gasp, a republican 
there's no one primaring her?
trump and his appointees have given us no indication that they're true to their words.
Carson is unqualified but the least of our worries right now.  Bigger fish to fry.
The least of your worries maybe.  What about those who rely on HUD?  Having a qualified nominee IS important.
It looks like she caved when we needed her to stand. There was nothing to lose by voting no.
how is criticizing him after u vote 4 his appt stronger position than vtng against his apptt and still criticizing him??
Exactly! Now when Carson screws up he has "bipartisan support" to fall back on.
Loving the purity test hissyfits on the Left. Carry on
not happy with your vote at all!
This is an honorable thing to do. I don't think any of us think his promises are worth much in this admin. Still, I get it.
Just say no! It can't be that hard. They did it for eight years.
It's simple: We should give Donald Trump the same respect Mitch McConnell gave to Barack Obama.
Maybe two wrongs don't make a right, I wish both sides would start acting like adults, but 2 much 2 ask, I'm sure
After reading many comments from your constituents it doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out the hard job u have. I Luv Carsn
Warren's constinuants are loonier than her
In this case, your best isn't good enough.
very, very disappointed in your decision.
.@SenWarren All of you have let your supporters down and it will be remembered when it falls apart on your watch.
This is just one lame excuse after another. I didn’t march for hours on Sat so you could go vote for Ben fucking Carson on Tue.
think! The devil u can hold accountablenis better than the devil u don't know & cant. we witnessed others that won't agre
These are easy votes. NO to every single one.
I'm a progressive Dem in MA and agree w/ you on Carson . We must fight but not insanely like Trompe
as a supporter of yours, your explanation for voting for Carson is weak; he said LGBT rights are "extra rights." Enough said.
Senate must resist effectively not be nihilist. 
Thank you for using intelligence
Thank you for sharing your thoughts on this.
still extremely disappointed Senator Warren. Extremely.
What would it have cost you to vote 'no'
this is what I want to know. Voting against him gives more credibility to hold him accountable, not less
Not really. If Carson did make promises in his letter voting no would give him an excuse to ignore these
lmao @ the idea any of this admin needs an "excuse" to lie
True but an excuse, however thin, will allow them to justify their lies to non-critical voters.
Senator, Carson's OWN SPOKESMAN said he was so unqualified he'd "cripple" the govt. Who the hell do you vote against if not him!? @SenWarren
All bark, no bite. Still your everyday politician after all.
I respect you generally but I think you miss the point on this one.  These are not normal times.  RESIST ALWAYS!
Unless you're voting on Impeachment the vote should always be "no".
Ben Carson has more brains in his head accidentally than you have on purpose
I get why you did it! People need 2C bigger picture
we the people would like you to lead the resistance as if our democracy is at stake. Because it is.
no way. Never accept the 1st offer! Carson is a dud and will just be @realDonaldTrump's puppet. Trump will be all over HUD.
disappointed
I understand you can't blockade everything. Stay in the fight!
You're a Hillary supporting hypocrite. What's to explain, sellout?
.@SenWarren No explanation needed. You've lost my respect. You're now complicit in supporting this white nationalist regime. #resist
Glad you have been hearing about it. Carson is no more fit than DeVos! Looking forward to your explanation. Otherwise, I love U.
Indefensible.
i wish i knew. all i can think of is that they don't care because they know they won't get the boot. but even then...
which would be pretty sad considering how shes positioned herself on left. nothing about her vote / explanation makes sense.
.@SenWarren Not acceptable! Their r no good Drumpf cabinet picks & a principled senator would oppose ALL of them!
Weak. Do better.
Reprehensible! Nothing explains your vote for Carson-spineless and pandering. You lead nothing w/ votes like that. Shame on you!
I am angry...
I'm staying angry. This isn't a good enough excuse to let ppl lose housing and endanger them. Great distraction, tho.
Well that's helpful. Would you have voted for the next guy who's worse than Carson? Is that better?
her open letter was just.....
right?? I'm just like...are y'all even taking this seriously b/c dude actually admitted to not understanding scope of his job
right. Where is the compromise with someone that is unfit for their job on paper & in real life.
for once I want to say I'm NOT surprised but not only am I shocked but very disheartened
nah.
I can't stand Ben Carson but she kinda had a point. Who knows who his second choice would have been. Could have been worse
Agreed. I'm holding every politician accountable for their actions. Including the ones I thought I supported.
y'all the world isn't perfect and no one gets 100% of what they want. @SenWarren thank you for letting us know
She's getting just what she deserves for her betrayal! I hope MA primary/defeats her!
Why am I having to read between the lines?  You voted for him.  State it clearly.  You have sold us all out.
If he lied, she'll criticize him?  Whoa!  That's scary.  You think anyone in Trump admin gives a damn?
I don't even live in public housing, so yes, I do care about others.  Like people in public housing.  But thanks.
I hope you get in.  In my state (her state) the waiting list is about 8 years.  Think Carson will improve that?
I've been a admirer and supporter of yours for a long time. I must asy I am disappointed. Ben Carson is in now way suitable.
Sigh. He is wholly unqualified. Period. Vote NO! If the next one DT puts up is =lay unqualified then vote NO again. It's not hard
Thank you, Senator. it's easy to stand on the sidelines and shout. I know you're in a hell of a fight. Keep it up.
Your vote makes sense when politics were normal but the GOP plays by diff rules and now rule the government. When are we gonna fight back?
Any minute now the dems are gonna close that barn door, aaannnny minute, just keep waiting.

we don't really want excuses, we want our representatives to represent US.
being flooded with horrible nominees is not a reason to vote for the least worst of them. Vote No. Let @SenGillibrand show you
with this vote, I am disappointed and done.  I feel like I will be looking for a new party.
Need you to show strong resistance.  This is not normal D&R politics.  Fight all Profit over People pics!  Progressives R 
following your logic, you made a decent choice, the lesser of two evils (a motto I truly believe in). Thank you for the hard work
Once you give in, it gets easier and easier.  Shame on you.
will you post the 9 page letter on line so we can see the questions & answers & assist in holding him accountable? Transparency!
Then. Vote. NO.
This flawed logic and excuse for weakness is why democrats have failed so terribly at winning elections for the past 6 years.
You're in denial. Everyone attached to this administration has shown willingness to lie. Their promises are worthless.
this person on Facebook nailed it
Her Senate seat is under threat. Why should she waste her vote for no gain? Anger is not strategy. Keep big picture in mind.
VERY DISAPPOINTED not the candidate you wanted but most importantly NOT QUALIFIED Your vote is complicit to this shameless farce
@deejay90192 not good enough lady! You know he's as fucked up as Drumpt, and yet you voted for him! Voting for DumbDeVose too????
I'm done with Dems, you ppl are not going to stand up for us that's obvious.
HEY DEMOCRATS. DO BETTER.
Have we learned nothing from Obamas appointment of FBI Director James Comey...they will eventually screw us over
You voted in the guy who doesn't believe in dinosaurs, for fuck's sake.
thank you so much, even though i don't agree with your decision, for having open and honest discourse with us. you rock!
you let us down!! He is a BIGOT!
What a reply, like "I've tried to explain to you as best I can so whatever". Flippant and unserious.
posting your reasons on an entity that helped djt win.
UR underestimating both our anger & the severity of the situation. This is no time 2 play nice with people who are setting U on 
@GreatDismal Terrible decision. Classic weak Democrat move. GIVE THEM NOTHING.
I've put a curse on you.
I cannot agree.
Sadly I dont agree either.  I think you sold us out
So disappointing. I thought you were a force to reckon with. Now it just looks like theater.
Trump is dismantling women's rights and immigrant rights in the White House while you're rubber stamping his people in the Senate
Yes, the Republicans practiced obstructionism for 8 years...look where we're at now. Stop treating this like a McCain presidency.
the left is angry, I'm sorry it's not focused. Pretty much we've been out of focus for years and so we lost the last election.
I'm sorry but you really let us down.
@yottapoint my concern over this presidency has only been quelled by the knowledge that dems will fight. Your vote disappoints!
girl bye

You're a shining example of what "open-minded" really means. Thank you.
Not good enough. So very disappointed. 
cf. Sen. Gillibrand
I get it, u have 2 pick u're fights, but u no he's woefully unqualified. Ppl in low income housing will suffer.
please clarify. What did you get in return for your vote? Great bargain? A blemish on your progress creds?  Hope it was worth it.
with all due respect, play dirty. I believe that Americans will support it. Rs have held us hostage too long with bs.
love the hypocrisy you are a credit to the progressive base  all bonnet no feathers
sad that there are not even 3 republicans willing to dissent and demand qualified candidates
I'm also discouraged that the Democrats are so thoroughly averse to obstruction and protest.
@deray There is no explanation you can give. Either stand up for the shit you campaigned about or resign from office.
I have little issue with your vote on Carson. You have to pick your battles. DeVos cannot be allowed near our schools. PLEASE!
I assume this says "you either die a hero or live long enough to become a villain."
there is no acceptable explanation. Do your job!!!!!! #ResistTrump
well thought out and well said, as always. Thank you.
Shameful!
The "lesser of two evils" defense...because of your record I will accept it, but I don't like it.
@deray It's important to chose our battles as if we let a thousand flowers bloom we will win none of them.
I appreciate your thought process but disagree with the result. Now is the time to resist, they are working so that there is no "next time"
I have little hope left.
We loved you, and you repaid us with this.
He was going to get confirmed regardless. A no vote would've shown ppl you actually care abt how unqualified & dangerous he is.
seems like everyone understands this except @SenWarren
Oh, right, all of a sudden she doesn't know what she's doing and isn't an ally. Get a grip.
That's not what I said. Maybe you should get a grip. Bye now.
My reply was to the other guy.
Gotcha. Thanks for the clarification, as it wasn't clear to me, obviously.
either you all start voting no and join The Resistance, or we will replace you with people who will. The is not a request.
Thank you for your leadership and your thoughtful explanation.
I respect yr experience & reason. But these are not reasonable times. YES votes legitimize an illegitimate President. RESIST.
disappointed
... battle, stand aside & stop serving up chum to distract us.
we NEED all elected dems to OBSTRUCT ALL of trump's agenda. ALL. We won't except anything less. #WeWillRemember #Resist
Thank you for your unnecessary explanation Senator! I respect any decision that you make, and I feel for the horrible situation you are in!
Thank you for this explanation. I hope you're right and he'll work for the people.
.@SenWarren This is a really good point. Gotta think about how the next nominee could be worse!
we have to stop being nice to them and start calling out their lies out for all to hear everyday
this is why we should start a new political party. Current Dem Pols want to "make nice", don't know how to play hardball.
no.
@MOVEprofPHD "Decorum in the face of tyranny is cowardice. " Me
I really can't understand this vote. This man is unqualified. There is no reason to support someone that is unqualified.
your vote is a shining example of why young people and progressives don't vote. There is no one that represents us.
FAIL. FAIL. FAIL.
I read your explanation. You chose to believe the promises of a man who pledged his loyalty to a psychotic liar. Good call.
Your job is as check and balance. If Ben Carson won't do a good job, is incompetent, etc., your job is to protect the taxpayer.
the man is a nut, we can't count on him for anything! Not on board !
we don't want compromise. We want you to fight and obstruct this Nazi administration with every breath.
Yeah, no.
Your seem to think Trump might nominate somebody even worse -- as if Carson's nom was in danger, which it wasn't  #resist
Such a pleasure to read a measured, intelligent (I'd expect no less!) and clear explanation.  Thank you very much.
awesome explanation keep us informed
"Promises that – if they’re honored – would help a lot of working families. "  Sucker born every minute in the Democratic Party.
Not sure he'll keep promises you're not ok with, & you want us to accept that? What's your promise to us, writing harsh letters?
Not really happy with this answer
@GreatDismal A no vote would have cost you nothing.
He
Is
Not
Qualified 
Period!
If u r representing ur constituents, u need to obstruct, and resist. Stop normalizing and working w/ fascist
so you just decided - hey let's let a dummy run HUD instead of voting your conscience? This man said he was not qualified!
I don't agree with your explanation as justifying your vote, but thank you for providing one
NOT OK...
nah it's pretty simple: you say no. If they're insistent that he's your guy, that's on them, not you. We count on Dems to resist.
I thought people got votes because they were qualified, not because there was some fear the guy next in line might be worse.
Ben Carson, you can't be serious! No explanation can undo!
.@SenWarren Not sure that I agree with your reasoning or tactics but thank you for the explanation.
While I dont completely agree with your decision, thank you for responding to those of us who are upset.
You waited and waited and waited to endorse HRC. Then you capitulate at the first go as if this isn't insanity.  #NowWeKnow
what a crock of shit.This woman only cares about her political career and nothing more.
or you could...what's the word...
U can still be loud when he breaks his promises if you vote no. At least then u could say u stood against an unqualified nominee.
no, no you haven't
Not. Good. Enough. Stand up for your principles, or stop pretending to have them.
this is one nominee a no vote is necessary for
this. Is. bull. Shit.
"The next one could be worse" is a lousy excuse. You should block everyone that is horrible. Don't give in to this regime.
"explain the best I can" is sad esp w/ mountains of words. Unacceptable. Signed, DC resident with no rights.
Why are the @SenateDems so WEAK? Millions of voices scream #RESIST as repubs play hardball. Then you all toss them softballs? smh
The GOP's rubberstamping nominees already. You and the rest of the dems need to learn from the marchers and resist. This won't do
are you asking nominees about their Loyalty Oaths?
familiar with the work of @Greg_Palast ??
voter suppression is alive and well
Like I've said before compromise is not the answer. Resistance is the only course of action. I'm tired of the Dems not fighting!
I thought you were suppose to be for the people and well the people don't want Carson
then you failed. embarrassing decision to cave. shameful.
finally, you are being reasonable....
