The Obamacare is a disaster and there are lots of people out of insurance because of it.
Now hopefully everyone can collaborate on the revision
Wishful thinking, the Democrats don't want a successful plan or to collaborate. Look at the disaster of Obamacare, it is collapsing.
Democrats have always wanted to tweak Obamacare to fix it not to replace it. That has been said all along. Like Social Security's evolution
Well let's see if this bipartisan effort can come to fruition. I like the energy of collaboration that is starting 2 happen. May it continue
Hellooooo McFly, only about 10 mil total currently on Obamacare.
The #Democrat had not problem crushing Middle Class America with less coverage, and triple rates ... how many million have you destroyed
Liar. Ripped away it called choice. The 22 million are people who will choose to not have the mandated healthcare. You are a liar Pocohantas
I'm sure there are back room dirty deals going on to force it thru
Are you aware that many of the 22 million would lose healthcare because they don't want to buy it, but would have to pay a fine otherwise?
Don't be. McConnell is only working to bribe reluctant Repubs to vote tax cuts for top 400 while damning the rest of us. #KillTheBill
This could collapse our healthcare if hospitals go under due to debt. No emergency care/surgeries for EVERYONE . No foresight, only greed
Yes. There's this stupid Liberterian idea that the market will fix it. Plus as you say, much greed on the part of the rich to stop paying.
Stop not paying subsidies to the ACA, put caps back on premiums, stop putting cash before the people and just fix the ACA. #GOPLosers
No, Barbara, the ACA is not causing that. The healthcare uncertainty and this govt not paying subsidies for marktplace, are two real reasons
Americans need to rip you out of Washington. Loco 
I expect they're taking the time to strong arm the GOP senators to change their no vote to a yes because Republicans want their tax cut.
No, the few who were voting no, want it better & PTrump is willing to wk w/they to lower$ & hopefully buying over statelines have faith
I hope you're right, but I don't believe anything Trump says. It changes easily. Plus, greed is a powerful motivator. We shall see.
Yes ma'am, I have enough faith for the both of us!! We stupid Republicans truly want the best for Americans. Key word you know "Americans."
Your optimism is admirable. What America needs now to save our democracy and make health care affordable to everyone is bipartisanship.
Provide Healthcare for 22 million while screwing 300 million. Great job, outstanding.
Come on lizzy, get your math right.  11.5 is the true number and many are people that lost their health care because of o care.
Obamacare must be revamped.  Not fair whatsoever
What about the majority (like me) that got kicked off then forced 2 reapply..tripled prems...should I send u my $11,000 bill for my one kid?
How can so many Senators support a bill that is so destructive to the children, elderly, disabled & poor in America. Do they sleep at night?
Can I please have your health plan?  #shutupLiz
Go visit Alaska, talk to them about their SINGLE Obamacare CHOICE!  Quit doddling in visiting states that have a couple or even one CHOICE
more lies is that all you have.Can't you at least tell the truth.40 million went without obamacare but you don't care do you
Glad your releaved. Go have some more fire water.
Are you still mad very few people voted for you?
You mean 22 mil Americans will choose not to buy insurance.
Is anyone running against Fauxcohontas? Her daily diatribes have to be getting on everyone's nerves. I vote for expulsion.
Do you ever get tired of lying.  Most of those 22 million will leave BY CHOICE.
19th obamacare co-op folds, 4 left. This is what you gave the middle class for healthcare. Why would anyone listen to you
lets compare that to obamacare where people are paying fines because it is unaffordable and insurers are pulling out of state after state
Unlike the Democrats, the Republicans want to get it right.
You mean 22 million who refuse to buy insurance, correct?
Relieved, but not complacent, right? Trump is going to buy the support of undecided. Rand  already caved. McCain was bought w/wife's job.
Fear mongering at its best. 19mil joined ACA 10 mil of which were forced because of raising cost of insurance
Establishment republicans want to keep obamacare
Really ??????.
Ya, 22 mil are losing health care they are forced to buy but
can’t afford and can’t use with 7K+ deductibles.
you're not an Indian and you can't do math it doesn't yank 22 million people off of healthcare
#preach
We did good work this week, but we must assume holdouts are just waiting for more vote candy & bribes to come rolling in. Call Call Call!
Yo Crazy Horse, tell the truth, those 22 mil. will "choose" not to have health insurance.
Well the @SenateGOP Just wanted to have a peaceful vacation home they aren't done and they will pass it now they have time to work on a deal
I'll be more relieved when it's gone.  They didn't delay it to fix it, they delayed it to kiss all the right asses to secure votes.
I'm deeply relieved that you'll be out of office soon!
Stop lying. #FakeNews
While YOUR OBAMACARE CONITINUES TO KILL PEOPLE. Biggest murder in history is by the Dems who were also PRO slavery!
Really? So Obamacare is top notch? What a knob
That's nice. I'm not. Can't they still kill (cripple?) #Medicaid in the budget & continue to sabotage the #ACA? Keep fighting, please.
Queen Elizabeth (not U.K.) Warren thinks she's the queen of the United States wants to rule the word move to Canada they worship the queen
15 million are on it only because they will be fined by obama care it's a tax you democrats put on the American public shame on you Lizzy
#fixandimprove
Americans must keep up their fight against the GOP Health Care Bill. They will be back with another hefty try to impose after the holiday.
Rip health care away? It will take 8 years of doing nothing for 22 million to loose their HC.

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
This is very good news! As a Canadian Public Servant, America NEEDS a single-payer system similar to Canada and end this debate #Doit 
I wouldn't get too relived just yet
I'm so glad you're on our side @SenWarren Thanks for advocating for the American people!
My daughter on Sunday went into seizure we found out she has rare condition.  Plz keep up thr fight!
the operative word is delay! We're not stupid he's going to pull a Paul Ryan! Will be ready!
We have lost 30 million under Obamacare that would be a 8 million net gain sounds better then ACA your bill was designed to fail from start
Broken book and misleading. Just assumptions based on what choice will bring.
Your a whack ! At least tell the truth about unaffordable healthcare!
Do you want to comment on the Bernie Sanders criminal investigation??
You should say 22 million freeloaders.
Hopefully you and the other @TheDemocrats will be allowed to be part of the new health bill this time.
Not relieved, they didn't have the votes yet but will come back. We must keep up pressure.
We know ur motive, no one is fooled by ur partisan antics. U don't care about anything but political victories, nothing more Pocohontus  
All of us will die at one time or another
Praying you lose your seat in the senate.
Millions have dropped out of Obamacare because it's unaffordable.
@TheDemocrats Use the time to fight back! Dems, where's your strong, clear message? Organize, please!
of course your happy Pocahontas time to heal your fork tongue!
He only did it because he doesn't have the votes. Gives him more time to browbeat dissenters into line. He doesn't deserve his position.
Totally agree! @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP hv tried to hurt Americans every way they can & they're NOT about to stop! #GOPpoliciesStink #NoAHCA
You couldn't be more wrong. I'd say the majority of Washington could care less but P Trump is there for us, you & me
What's your plan to improve an existing failure? I've yet to hear your plan.
I am deeply relieved that I have imagined an alternative way to reference Ur lying about Ur ethnicity #Fauxchohantas = #SacOshitJawija
Putting on my chest waders. The #bullshit is flowing wide and deep, here. Resign #Fauxchohantas
'Rip health care away'- bitter clingers oh free stuff is so good.
We all know this will be short lived. We cannot take it for granted. The Koch brothers are willing to spend a lot of money to buy some votes
Yeah like George Soros? The Dems Devil
Waste of time and our tax dollars. Rather than continue this horrific bill, they should collaborate to fix ACA
You are such a liar.
Let the GOP Sens face their constituents & hope that McConnell doesn't try to buy votes
You pay for their healthcare lol
It gives them more time to intimidate and threaten R senators that want to vote no
When are you going to offer an idea to fix this plan? Instead of just bitching about it. Get to work on it. I will never vote for you again.
I'll feel better when it's canceled, not just delayed
False
Instead of whinning about how bad the bill is, get off your lazy ass and help make it better or resign
Senator, why is the 100% coverage metric so vital to you? North Korea, Cuba, Venezuela all have 100% coverage, and horrible health care.
As I understand it, McConnell didn't have the numbers to pass AHCA. Wouldn't it have been better to push the vote and see it fail?
22 million would leave Obamacare because they can.
@SenWarren. bitching and complaining won't change a thing. What will make the bill excellent is requiring all senators to be in the plan
You need more republicans on your side- publicize what and who you are approaching.  Publicize who is turning you down
are you happy with our healthcare?  Because its sure costing millions of voters a lot of money. #RepealAndReplace n' Go after insurance cos!
To the victors go the spoils jajajaja
U Dems/Liberals continue with ur fear mongering and lying!
Tell your uniformed followers how many of those 22 million have lost care under O-care. Truth won't help your story so you lie. Sad.
Don't rely on GOP's ineptitude.Better to get out and force ALL corp Dems and reform AHCA.It's time to hear the constituents not rich donors

Keep fighting!
didn't it just come out that you leaked classified info to @CNN ? Where is the senate ethics committee?
the #hypocrisy of what comes out of you mouth on a daily basis is why democrats are moving to the republican party.
I do however remember @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats shutting off their offices phones around the country to avoid those that elected you.
@KarenTa78838802 @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP 
#TurtleCare is over for today.
What about the 6 mil that lost healthcare when the dems passed #Obamacare? I don't remember 1 dem caring about those people...
do you care about those people whose premiums skyrocketed? do you care about those who have no exchange choice? phony sympathy!
Wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
That's a true patriotic action, not a partisan one. Hurray ! 
Only for a week until Trump can make a deal
The AHCA should leave Medicaid alone but do away with the mandatory tax penalty ($1.7 bn profit 2016) to relieve the poor of that burden.
GOP realized this is not going to #MAGA & is not what people want. Now stop any subsidies & remove the restrictions on the state borders.
I hope it stays dead! We need healthcare not tax cuts for the rich
That's not what it is. Your an ill informed person. You should get your news from a different source. Your being fed lies.
There's no reverse engineering required on this matter; it's black and white. #ForwardWithIntegrity 2 long-term relief...
...Thank you Sen. Warren for your continued efforts on behalf of humanity. #TeamHumanity FTW! #NeverthelessShePersisted #CareNotChaos
CBO has screwed up the last 4 reported estimates including Obsma care estimates.
I am glad that it has been delayed, too, but I am still extremely concerned that we are going to have a "reverse Peter Pan" type situation.
It's obama who and soon to be Elizabeth who. Obama care is failing and any rational educated person knows that. Do you have Obamacare? Lol
why do they have to lie so i have excellent #Obamacare  for 240. Mnthly ppo
More creative math, with fewer than 14 million on O-care & 11 million taking $'s not putting in, obvious the Math don't work. All farcical.
Elizabeth how many do not have health care right now. It is not a right, if you were really concerned you be at the table trying to fix
That's creative math. Obamacare had fewer than 14 million sign up, of that 11+million got it free with the gift of Obaba expanded Medicare.
He's trying to get to 30 million.
Pocahontas called, she wants her identity back! Identity fraud affects everyone! #lifelock
I wouldn't count on @SenateGOP to have a change of heart. It's a matter of donor bosses twisting their arm. People need to keep pressure up.
Liar... it wouldn't "Rip" healthcare away from 22 Mil, most would not be forced to buy something they don't want or need
Unfortunately it gives Trump time to meet w GOP reps who are NO and threaten, intimidate, and convince them to vote Yes! Then he golfs. Sad
Obamacare ruined healthcare for millions! You chose to forget that! Sky high rates & deductibles!!
Sad how either you never read the bill or you lack the understanding of it. Either way sad.
blah blah blah
Until the next time...
Me, too! Thank you for all of your excellent work in the regard. Hoperfully delayed means dead, in this case, anyway!
Every time I call my Senators I suggest that we propose a better healthcare solution than TrumpCare. It is not enough just to defeat it.
Dems, publish ACA fix! GOP promised repeal & replace for almost a decade with no real plan. Dems, don't be the GOP! Show them how it's done!
Lizzy, over 20 million already lost health insurance under Obamacare! These remaining will all lose health care thanks to shits like you
How many billions of dollars did you take from the worker to give to bail out the big banks
a small victory but a victory nonetheless
Let's see now, CNN is a News organization and the CBO report is Perfectly ACCURATE in all ways.Look at CBO report in 2015 (obama)
You mean those that were forced to pay for Obama Care they could afford to use but still had to pay. Ahhh ok got it.
Warning now the GOP will sweeten the state deals for hesitant senators #GOPWealthCare
Don't get to comfortable. What's your next move?
anyone that votes yes for that or similar will be voted out of office I swear to God they will!
And what are you going to do bad ass? I swear to god, I swear to god. Didn't anyone teach you NOT to swear to god?
bill is a travesty -as a mother of a child with a pre-existing condition and potential future complications we're counting on you @SenWarren
and #Medicaid from 70 million
Yes. That it's delay only provides little comfort to those who rely on healthcare assistance programs that are in the balance.#KillTheBill
remember democrats spent Detroit and Chicago into bankruptcy. They know nothing but tax and spend. tapped social security, broke in 11.
Man I had no idea the middle class was paying for so many freeloaders
How concerned are you for the 28,000,000 who lost our insurance under your Barry boy's care?
I'm not, I would rather kill it now than prolong the agony.
How do we know if this is true they could be voting on it now at the WH especially if Pence makes them cry again JS
SenWarren: What would be the cost if every U.S. resident was issued basic Medicare (parts A,B, and D)?
Well, as long as you're relieved!!! America still has to worry about your failed ACA and Obamacare.  How many will die from no carriers??
Thank you  here is an idea maybe both parties can work on the healthcare together @SenateMajLdr
Numbers are a dang lie, shameful
Hey Lizzie. How many are not covered under obama?  You know. The law you love so much b/c ur party implemented it
Single payer? You really want to wait 3 months to see a DR.? Canada.
Great...more time to allow for feedback on how to make it better or just dig in & keep the current AHC in place so people stay covered.
Yes, because of your efforts! Ever vigilant, you persisted!
They are gonna make it worse. Your giving them a week to plan together #cantbegood
It's fine 
Democrats own Obamacare and as it Death Spirals 2018 is coming up 
Republicans will need 60 Senate seats including yours Dearie 
We're all relieved. Even McConnell&Co are likely relieved; so it 45. But let's continue providing relief to US. Ask Mueller to speed it up!
WHAT EXACTLY IS YOUR PLAN TO MAKE IT BETTER?? An answer different from "fix aca" Warren,  Schumer,  anyone?????????????
I worry that the pressure will die down & then they will take a quick vote. It is hard to believe they can vote for this w/a good conscience
You are lieing Obama care is imploding 82 million deplorable have spoken !
Hes trying to make it worse, to get those idiots Cruz and Paul on board.
Yes but Trump is taking them to the WH for "meeting "he'll brain wash everyone for a yes vote  sad make the rich richer and the poor poorer
I love this quote by Suze Orman. People first. Money second. Things third.
Words like "rip" r what turns people off to dems, come up with calmer, more reasonable rhetoric.  You can do it, you r one of the good guys
Keep fighting, Senator Warren!
He's got to send bribe money out to R holdouts,  then he will try again.
