@lapham_katie @usedgov we need these Woman@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski stand up @ vote no to a person w/no experience in pub Ed
your biggest concern is protecting your union donors and benefactors, PERIOD!
stop voting yes..I know it's too late but diplomacy gets nothing in return from them.  FIGHT!
15 & 1/2 pages too many!
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK SENATOR WARREN...WE LOVE YOU...IF YOU HAD RUN FOR PRESIDENT, YOU WOULD HAVE WON!
20 pages on another nominee, 16 pages here. 36 pages of stupidity that nobody wants to read. Sad attention grabber.
No one values your opinion.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!  Such grave concerns.  Nothing to do with how much Warren made.  It has to do w saving public education.
this isn't about how much money warren made you fools...it's about the children who need public education
Thank You!
You're standing against a woman, you sexist hypocrite!
@tom_news2 @usedgov thank you senator you are the best
You were amazing. Thank you for your insight and dedication @usedgov
16 pages????? Shows how inefficient you are in getting your point across. More govt waste of time and resources!!
You set the Bar Low with @barackobama running the COUNTRY! He brought nothing to the table so you have no basis!
Are you or are not an American Indian? Why would you lie about your heritage to  get a job. You're a fraud.
& yet she was clueless about/unprepared for what kind of questions you might ask. Sad!
why havent you said anything about BO commuting manning the traitor. To busy being a jerk about Hillary loss
Did you help her seek out FAKE INDIANS? WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH, WHOH,
16 pages?! She had a big heads up and was still unable to answer questions Intelligently? Those are our children!
Thank you for your leadership!
And your "protest" no vote at her full Senate confirmation will be duly footnoted in the Congressional Record.
I hate to say this but she's the least of our problems with this administration
Public school teachers thank you, Senator Warren!
Thank you @SenWarren, her lack of support for public education is enough in and of itself to disqualify her. #DumpDevos
.@SenWarren @usedgov
.@SenWarren @usedgov
.@SenWarren @usedgov
.@SenWarren @usedgov
.@SenWarren @usedgov
@mch7576 @usedgov
She is a clear decline. If this was a Sup. Of Schools position her resume wouldn't get her an interview.
Thank you Senator Warren.
Sounds Luke she's using "Trump non University" sales book to $$$$ her distorted evangelical agenda ??
Elizabeth, I'm a SpEd Teacher & UR letter speaks to FAPE (Free, appropriate, public ed) 4 ALL. Thanks! 
Are you still campaigning?
16 pages FRONT AND BACK
#BetsyDeVos and the GOP are a serious danger to our children. Dems need to STOP THEM quick.
@WiccanMethusela @usedgov we can't have her heading education. She was involved in hate groups and will defund public education.
That's putting it mildly-she really does see it as her job to put Christ back in the schools-scary!
that to. You'd need 2,000 characters to list all objections to her. Just ridiculous.
Get off your stallion..or is it a mare.. Your club messed up the last 8 years and now it's the new kids turn. 
@SadBeth1 @usedgov I bet ur proud of endorsing HRC, you are partly responsible for this mess!
u really think she can read?
Don't these people have a fear of being totally ignorant of what's required for competence in their jobs?
Pocahontas, your letter went in the shredder and then got used in the bottom of a bird cage. That's what you do with trash
@JustWhatNowWhy @usedgov thank you @SenWarren
thank u for fighting America needs your Voice and those of the people  need to be heard too
Concerns? We would HONORED to have such a person in that position. How about what's best for OUR CHILDREN?
The secularity of the public school system will be over #neverBetsy
so should we call on each and every one of these I guess we should get the list of folks make phone calls
who gives a crap
Great, but I wish you had backed Bernie in primary - momentum might have prevented all this...
thank you we need to save public education
Guess that fraudulent education YOU lied about to get a scholarship paid off..YOURE a fraud thief liar..just shut up...
thank you senator Warren. MO govonor Greitens cut education more than 100 million dollars today. @clairecmc
A letter in which your Aides drafted.
@chikiniki7 @usedgov i saw. Great job! 
thank you for representing the majority of people in the US and our views and our concerns. Now, if they would listen...
you think she can read a 16 page letter?
I need you @alfranken @amyklobuchar and @SenSanders to remind me the whole world hasn't gone insane.
Hear  is the big question. 16 pages who is the ghost  writer U vocabulary is not big enough for 16 words much less pages
Thankyou Senator Warren for protecting our future education.
pocahontas I watched you at hearing,you are despicable. So obvious you are trying to make yourself relevant
Glad your vote doesn't mean anything. #moronicelitist
When are you moving to iran? The 19th or 20th?
NEWS FLASH YOU LOST!
keep up the fight, Senator.
I wonder why you never mention how Hillary sent gov funds to Laureate univ (which paid millions to Bill) as example of fraud?
Fauxahontas Warren, U don't have real concerns rather U have REAL bias. You're being adversarial & rude! Give it a rest!
Sick that she profits from education. That should be a deal breaker all on it's own. No tax returns either? SMH.
Did you use same typewriter to fill out college application calling yourself an Indian? @SenWarren @usedgov
I read the letter...Excellent choice of concerns. I hope to see you as the next POTUS!
u r one of my hero's senator warren
Thank you for standing up for our public schools, students and teachers! I hope our lawmakers don't let us down. @SenWarren @usedgov
your biggest concern is that well educated children don't grow up to be Democrat voters.
The concerns should be about yourself.
So no one has anything positive to say about DeVos? Only Trump would nominate an anti-education Secretary of Education.
she is horrific....worst one yet.  This is so awful.
@booatticus63 @usedgov deny!!!
She's not qualified. Why don't republicans want a qualified person?
We are now The Silenced Majority.
thank you for standing up for public education!!!
THANK YOU for standing up for our public schools and our teachers!!! So glad we have a voice in Washington.
thank you for fighting so hard for this country. I'm so proud my state senators are such strong, dedicated leaders.
Ready to try something different. Approve.
Devos must be under audit too where are the tax returns
@usedgova 16 page letter?God do you ever just stop talking and listen. Work towards helping this transition
Lizzy go away really you are foolish and just a spam artist.Hillary rid herself of you, and now we do as well You are Obscure and Irrelevant
pathetic
What's the point of raising concerns or writing reports/reviews if nothing is stopped or changed? It's still all-go-ahead
@CitizenWonk @usedgov Thanks. She us the worst possible choice for this post.
donations abound. GOP is so corrupt pointing at Clinton pay to play. Laughable!
@Jean_ie @usedgov But will you stop her Liz
Mrs. Warren she probably did not take the time to read the letter. She better not mess with our children
Bet you didn't get any response.
please don't ever stop fighting for us Little People the middle class that is in great decline
Yes, & that letter went dutifully into the trash can- no one cares what you think because you make it up as you go along
Pokey, you are almost as irritating as Hillary's hacking cough.
they used the 16 pages for their bird cages. Now the pages are covered with the same stuff that comes out of your mouth
thankful to have you in this world. You work tirelessly to voice reason when the idiocracy we are living in tries to silence it.
fantastic. Any other ideas, Senator? What are you all doing to stop this farce?
I went to the same high school & college she did. Didn't prepare me 4 multicultural word or public ed. Very insular, monocultural
I have deep deep concerns. Here is another billionaire that does not belong in government
She's a great person and Sec of Education nominee. Fantastic. A much more honest person than you , Senator.
Thank you for your resistance!
Poco-Haunt-Us pandering for union votes, screw the kids, anything for a vote
You're standing against a woman, you sexist hypocrite!
great letter Senator Warren. I totally agree. #educationmatters
Public schools - only chance for many many families to rise. Pls don't entrust it to one who doesn't in the public school system.
can you ask her what happens when people want use their voucher for Muslim schools?
uh yeah Fauxcahontas... who helped YOU with the big words in that letter?!
you are the Beth E.Warren! Keep up the fight in Washington! Thank you!!!
kiss goodbye to public schools.
This just in... Betsy DeVos all stocked up on TP.
Bravo!!

Dear Elizabeth. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for standing up for all of us!!
Thank you! She's a nightmare!
She has never attended Public Schools. She was born with a silver spoon. How will she relate to poor inner city youth?
I'm beyond belief at the time being spent on praising DeVos. This is absurd. Fully fund public schools!!  @LOLGOP @usedgov
@LOLGOP I do not want my children indoctrinated with her version of religion. Kinda like the South doesn't want to teach sex Ed
Thank you, Sen. Warren. We cannot allow someone with so little experience or training be in charge of public education.
please do everything in your power to prevent her confirmation.  Her confirmation would be a travesty to education.
Thank you. Where is the ethics letter? Why do we want taxes going to religious & other private schools?  @LOLGOP @usedgov
Why do we want taxes going 2 page religion of progressive liberalism 2 brainwash r kids with filth
A BILLIONAIRE USING TYPING PAPER TO WIPE HER ASS, THAT'S WRONG!  

CHARMIN HAS ULTRA SOFT!  PLEASE!
The people in this state are raising concerns about You
We have all felt the force weaken. You have done all you could do. Now, WE must step up to strengthen the force.
How many people voting to confirm her have received contributions from her?
keep up the great work!
Good for you! I'll be watching her confirmation hearing soon. Be careful ms. Warren
- I assume that's part I ?
Senator Warren, this educator thanks you! Please do what you can to stop her confirmation. Children's futures at risk.
thank you for continuing to speak reason and fighting for us all.
nobody reads your crap fake indian -
Thank you.  Keep up the fight.

16 pages? Wow, you're busy. Thanks for sharing.
ASS WIPE if you ask me! That's what I'd use your 16 page letter for! Besides you probably didn't even write it!!
I have raised concerns about you too, #LyinLiz
Please suit up and prepare for your 2020 run for President!
- she's got to go.
Thank you, @SenWarren. Please keep up the pressure to reject DeVos, who is a self-professed adversary of public education. #TheResistance
You're standing against a woman, you sexist hypocrite!
She is against public education.  She bought her nomination
the whole world is concerned about YOU
Please do NOT confirm DeVos! Equal quality education for all children!
Very good questions/concerns.  We now await the answers.
: I feel more comfortable w/ nominee DeVos after senator Lieberman's introduction
thank you for standing up for our public schools. #Warren2020
Thank you for raising these concerns!
Thank you for looking out for our schools.
Most likely she will privatize schooling like the prisons and push up the cost of education. The rich get richer.
Thank you!!!
Thank you from Texas!
thank you for your support Senator Warren
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT
Add my name to the list.
Thank you, Senator Warren. Try asking her ten questions about how a public school is run. Bet she gets than a B.
wow, a letter and I typically support my Senator Warren I am sure you'll do more but in these times my tweet will be as effective
Be Tough. Pushing an evangelical Christian agenda & as a by-product (intended?), segregated school system.
Thank you! Her belief that teachers are overpaid shows lack of experience. Vouchers vs public school = segregation. 
- oh! So you sent her a 16 page letter. Hmm, but you won't shut up about it even after you have it to her. 
thank goddess for you.
she will set public education back 75 years.
And here is my piece in @thehill
did she address your concerns or blow you off? She's going to destroy public education and make education only for the rich
élevé se traite en fransai eleve tout ensegna est éleveur et preocup car .....
thank you for really doing your job . Thank you
THANK YOU!  We need more gutsy Senators like you!  DeVos is NOT qualified.
@usedgov You're standing against a woman, you sexist hypocrite!
You must stop her.  She's a huge danger to our children.
The real danger is what they are being taught now. Look how these young people are action. Disgraceful. SMH
You absolutely should be humiliated by your gracelessness.  The young people I know are bright, engaged and going places.
Just take a look around you & look what entitled crybabies our youth have become. Mindless actually. SMH
Teachers only get them a few hours a day. If they have parents that really care, most kids don't act that way.
what is the expectation of a response? Likely she will not read it. Will you be releasing the letter to the public?
appreciate your NO vote! Thanks Senator!!#noDeVos
maybe Chelsea Manning is more to your liking. He only got a few people killed.
And who are those few? Pretty sure there is zero proof that anyone died related to what she released
liberals love traitors.
Oh, thanks for answering my question...
you are welcome. Oh, and #mags
Bless your and your staffers' souls. God, I hope my grammar is correct.
Thank you. DeVos is clearly inappropriate & unqualified. It's wrong to have person hostile to public ed as Ed Secretary.
did she remember the 125K donation yet?
All I need to know.....
She wants to force her religious beliefs on everyone. Unconstitutional.
careful with the number of words you say to these people, they think smart women are "shrill"
.@SenWarren @usedgov @BetsyDeVos wants 2 experiment on ppl w/o wherewithal to move or pay for education! #publiceducation too important! SAD
I have many concerns regarding @BetsyDeVos . I do not think she is the best choice for our country. I hope her confirmation is denied.

Thank You! From a public school speech-language pathologist (I've heard you have experience in that area as well)
Hey Betty aka LIARWARTHA the fake indian and fauxcahontes No one really cares what you say or think.....get over it!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for your thorough preparation.  Zero background or experience in public education is not good.
Elizabeth why don't stop complaining
