But this sort of never applied to the Clintons & you were their cheer leader.
It did not and never will apply to the Clintons because there is no E V I D E N C E to support legal action against them.
There was ZERO evidence against HRC, and you KNOW it. And Trey Gowdy knows it, too. That's why the Hillster beat Trump by 2.9 M!!!
He has nothing else only no proof no proof. It's all there to see
YOU have no proof against Hillary. That's why you CANNOT use your real name.
Like Hillary, Holder, Koskinen, Lerner, etc.?
Amen!! 
Except Hillary Clinton.
Ok. Let me just #HoldMyBreath
trump's family seems to beyond the law
Hahahahaha.....
So why are W. Bush, D. Cheney and D. Rumsfeld not serving time right now?  And throw in a C. Powell as well. Trillion dollar criminals.
#DNCFraudLawsuit
WE HAVE A GREAT IDEA FOR OUR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump THAT THINKS HE IS ABOVE THE LAW
HE ALWAYS HAS AS A PRIVATE CITIZEN....LET TEACH HIM
Why did you go after Obama, clearly he committed crimes when gave 153 Billions to Iran.
And how much did trump just approve for Saudi Arabia?
Impeachment of Trump is completely appropriate at this point.
For what
Seems like Obama was 
Muslim criminal
In your eyes Only HRC (EmailScandal) & IllegalCriminals (protected from prosecution in SanctuaryCities) are AboveTheLaw. #TruthWillOut #MAGA
Ahhhh but experience would say different ...it appears he is very much above the law, Let's hope @SenWarren can keep fighting the good fight
But Hillary was and you campaigned for her, REMEMBER??? Hypocrite!!!!
Can't remember or recall
Hillary Clinton seems to think so!
LOL ! ..30 years ago I woke up from a Great Dream where I dreamed I was dreaming. As it turns out, the reality was all a Big Fake hypocrisy.
What about you lying

quit tweeting, and read the Constitution
What law has he broken Pocahontas? In your simple mind him winning the election was enough for you to say he broke the law.
Oh well let's see! Obama was Clinton's are Bernies wife is hmmm maybe even you are
Hillary Clinton appears to be above the law the way she handled email scandal deleting 33000 emails after being served with federal subpoena
But please don't forget... money buys everything 
Just Hillary Clinton and 30,000 missing emails, right #dumbbitch
  you can say the same thing about  #HILLABEAST  too; what all did she sell while she was SECRETARY OF STATE
US citizens are confused - Exactly, who are the people enforcing our laws? And do laws aply to presidents and rich white men?
I so agree.
YES, #HistoryIsWatching
#GOP Delaying &do more!Congress needs resources &
mandates #911Style #IndependentCommission w/ #SpecialProsecutor
Just saw disgusting Paul Ryan backing up DT. Pushing back on Comey(if he has this memo why didn't he produce it in Feb).GOP are truly evil.
This clown campaigned on shaking up Washington. Running our Country,like the corrupt businessman he is, is not working out.Checks & Balances
".......unless they're last name is Clinton. Or Obama." #libtard #hypocrites #CAPIdeas
I wish that were true in practice!
Why when bill received a blow job, the powers at be was quick to start proceedings. But this man doing far worse,and they dragging feet.
That's what we are all wondering...
What he did was cheat on his wife, this MF cheating the country..And is it me or is Paul ryN quiet is hell lol
Maybe he's scared or he's sheepish. 
LMAO I wish the Senate will have a town meeting. So our questions can be  answered
I agree.
Then why isn't Hillary Clinton in prison?
If he was only Sec of State he'd be ok.
Well except for Hillary
Thank you!
Name one President that's gone to jail? Or how about major Banker? Major CEO?
The GOP couldn't wait to impeach Clinton over lying about a BJ. Where's the outrage over obstruction?
Impeach him already
trump THINKS HE IS LOOK AT HIS THREE RING CIRCUS WH/PUPPETS
Unless your last name is Clinton
Bullshit.
But it's ok for the @DNC to take out #sethrich
Your stance would be laughable if not so blatantly hypocritical. Your dear Clintons shouldn't be above the law either!!
There were enough laws broken the last admin and still you did nothing...different Prez same D.C. result...
We have serious issues in this country and Trump will be there for at least 4 years.  Do your goddamn job!! #getyourasstowork
Hope he's not there that long.
You know what needs to happen?  You need to get off the Russian collusion without evidence and start working for us!!
Damn straight!
Either is your democratic friends that should be in jail! You all think your slick! Keep poking the bear with your baloney investigations!
Wow lots of Russian bots today, huh Senator?
Republicans are definitely resting this principle of Democracy.
Except @HillaryClinton.
Let's hope that that statement is true. So far is not...
TRUE. The problem w/Trump breaking 758 laws is NOBODY holds him accountable. Which keeps him above the law &  unstoppable.  #TheResistance
Hahahahahahahahaha how hypocritical and ironic! No one is above the law unless its your girl Hillary, right? Thanks for the laugh.
Actually,  im above the law...who knew
Amen.. Lock him up!!!
You sound like your fighting mad, must be the Cherokee in you.
That has already been proven false. 45 can do anything.  Hear anyone sounding concerned? Graham? Ryan? McCain? Mitch? Nope.
Funny you defended Hillary for her crimes.
Unless you're a Democrat, then leak classified information, rig elections, cry because you lost and screech about everything
Except @POTUS44 who violated the latw like it was a contest. #hypocrisy
Even a fake, so-called one?
Please hurry with the impeachment!!!
Does he know?
Ahh, you forgot your friend Hillary, last DOJ, Comey- and others even in DNC
Ur not above the law n when u tried to say ur Native lAmerican theyshould haveput u tojail n thrownaway thekey ur disgustingnasty n u stink
Wall Street bankers, violent cops, corrupt judges & politicians are all effectively above the law. They aren't above the law in theory only.
Get over it Sis, you lost.
Preach! 
apparently not! not Obama, not Clinton B&H, not Lynch, not Rice, no Lerner etc. no one, nada, nope, Justice for All doesnt inc politicians
Hillary Clinton is above the law
Illegal immigrants are above the law. That's proven on a daily basis.
That's correct. Please include Madam Secretary too
What more is needed? Invalidate the election! Its ALL BS from top to bottom. DT et al need to be thrown out! #VoidTheElection
Impeach Trump!!!
That's pretty obviously false on its face. In actuality, oligarchs and 1% crowd are above the law all the time! Offshore accounts protected.
Or you
Yes!
And those that entered the country illegally. Or commit voter fraud. Or block highways.  Or beat up Trump supporters. Or suppress 1st amend
Amen! #RevolutionWhen
It seems like Trump thinks he is..no one never does anything ..keeps getting away wit h everything..amazing! !
Does HILLARY CLINTON ring a bell in your hypocritical brain????
Not even the Secretary of State and her private unsecure basement server!
How about the 11 million illegal immigrants .Can we start there with upolding the law?
You are. So inept and hypocritical. Really!
Except maybe @HillaryClinton
@MassAGO is, she creates her own laws how she feels they should be, you never criticized her. Afraid? Nope it just fits your agenda as well
investigate Seth Richards death
YES!!!!
Sounds like a catch phrase for a action movie. Exept I haven't see any action from anyone but @realDonaldTrump.
Well except maybe the Secretary of State and her husband.
How about the whole government. You're all on the take. You are only there to enrich yourselves.
Sen, it's time for the 535 to get together and impeach or invoke the 25th.  Before he destroys the Republic and constitution.
How about a Secretary of State, Amb. to United Nations, National Security Advisor ?
You are such a hypocrite Pocahontas
Or the former Secretary of State yet that how she was treated
Or the former Secretary of State Hillary
Bahaha! HRC
only the clintons are above the law and any gangster Democrat!!
Not even you Faucahontas?
Oh really what's your take on Hillary Clinton and her treasonous actions with classified emails 33,000 gone? Erased or bleached. "Hypocrite"
Or the extremely corrupt gop house and congress
Well not only he thinks he's above the laws, he also thinks that he owns America now. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Let's get him out of the office
Then do something about it.
Mrs Warren. Funny thing!!! You allowed Obama to be?  Quit the lip service and get to work for our security and the American people.
I wish this were true.  I am losing faith.
Doesn't seem to be the case.
hillary is above the law.
Yes he is if his party who controls all branches of governement wants it to be that way.
I wish this were the truth, too many affluent raised individuals get away with crimes. If da justice system workd trump wouldn't b president
Or you. Or @HillaryClinton or @billclinton or @MaxineWaters
Is that true anymore?
Especially the president
Thank you Senator. Please encourage the House to initiate impeachment proceedings immediately. #ImpeachTrump
Too bad one can't be prosecuted for lying about her heritage for a job. Ever thought an actual Native American needed it? Hypocrite.
He needs to be held accountable for his actions NOW
And neither is your friend Hillary Clinton!!!!
He clearly does not agree and our laws seem to agree with him.
Can you pound that into the heads of the GOP???
U forgot the Secretary of State. HRC was not even charged even though her transgressions were legendary. U mean no Conservative is above law
What about ex Presidents and Sec if St? Apparently they are.
Sorry President Trump is Above the Law,  if the Law can't touch him....then he is technically above the Law
The Cliton's seem to be!!@
So let's do something about it.
#45 didn't get the memo neither did the GOP
That's right! Including your pal, Hillary Clinton!
So you should be impeaching yourself! You need to be behind bars along with Pelosi, Waters, Clinton and Schumer!
Thanks captain Obvious! HRC tell you that one!? Not one word of her corruptions from your big mouth!
Well, do something instead of whining.
Redskin
It's starting to seem as if he is .
Not true, you democrats put hrc above the law.  You are an idiot
Then why do the war criminals and the rich keep getting off scott free?  1 example is wall street.
You say that. I'm not seeing it though.
Fauxcahontas the BIG hypocrite!!  I recall you saying this about Hillary... NOT!!  #chiefsittingbullshit
we had better make a stand.
But thats his defense, senator.
He is allowed to be. I have never been so disheartened by all of our legislators
@SenWarren Then how did Obama manage to pass the #ACA bill which was illegal and completely against constitutional rights?
Well someone needs to step it up and deal with him
nor you and your ilk...........
Apparently Hillary Clinton is, Lois Lerner is, Lorette Lynch is, Eric Holder is, Huma Abedin is, shall I go on?
Unless, it is Hillary Clinton, you mean.
That's right. HRC is not above the law. Why aren't you screaming about bringing her to justice?

Hillary seems to be
Burn
Apparently not!
From your lips to TrumPutin & the entire Republican Party's ears.

(1) Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
What's holding?
or Pocahontas
If this were the case damn near every one of them should have been arrested. Narrow minded, short-sightedness of #45 is boring. (But chic).
Not even you.  #SethRichCoverup #SethRich murder #hillary
Well said !!
I am not certain of that anymore.
Tell that to Obama
Ummm @HillaryClinton
If you truly believe this, then why did you support Hillary Clinton?  Keep in mind, Hypocracy  is a boil Lansing a boil is never pleasant.
Than hold ISIS Obama accountable w his corrupt sidekick Hillary. Who in the Democrap has Rich killed? More death under Dem.
What about Clinton? Literally broke federal law and committed a felony-Magically no prosecution? Oh but it doesnt matter bc she lost right?
Love it how you lynch conservatives & turn the other cheek for crooked Democrats. This country is divided so bad because of liberal hate
Clearly, he believes that as the high highest tremendous potus he is above all laws or he will just fire the judges and make new laws
