@BetseyDeVos BetseyDevis pure evil and inept at this position. If she had any dignity she wuld resign & allow a proficient person 2take over
can we kick her out when Trump goes. This Admin is ruining America! None are qualified for any positions!
Actually...the left has been ruining AMERICA FOR A LONG TIME. Why should anyone be dependent on government?
who said anything about being dependent on Gov? I am talking about our unqualified Admin!
Our admin is great, it is the media and the left who are not embracing truth
I will pray for you!
Thank you. And I for you
Betsy is having fun toying with the little people she should know better this will come back to bite her in the ass
& what an ugly ass-kissing experience that will be!
Good for her. Now go sit down
Another uninformed Trumpkin giving his worthless 2 cents.
We knew that was coming.
Isn't there anything we can do to stop this monster?
Wow! Disparage entire #FreeMarket industry 2limit #SchoolChoice 4poor students suffering under your policies & don't hv other opportunities
No one forces ANYONE to attend any particular college.  You treat us like we're idiots.
. I blame Pence for breaking that tie.  She is a disaster for American education
Obviously from the democrats rules are meant to be broken
Obama took over student loan program...driving up tuition costs/student loans. Thanks, Obama (and Lie-a-watha Warren). 
Exactly how did she do that?
Delaying the Obama Admin. rule is because it was WRONG!  Socialism, as per Obama, Warren, Hillary & most Dems isn't what Americans want!
Worthless
the people depend on those being paid with taxpayer money- to do their jobs-force change!!!!!!
American colleges are a waste of money because they are filled with people like you teaching kids how to feed from the government.
#4profit because they don't care about anything but enriching themselves
wasnt there a trumpLER, der Furhrer's university that was highly acclaimed but, had no graduates?
It'll all come to an end for her, when they tie Betsy to her brother, Erik Prince, and all that he has done.
Whoo hoo. Can't wait to see that.
Do you ever read through the vile your sycophants post after one of your partisan attacks and wonder who will be the next shooter?
Betsy a member  of tbe crooked admin.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #VoteThemOut
worried about college kids $$$, u charged $400K to teach a class, if odumbass is behind it betting its worthless like everything else he did
Bogus like you claiming to be Indian? Pocahontas!

#TheResistance almost killed 4 Republicans in a ballpark 2 days ago with their"any thing goes"message of HATE against political opposition
STOP BEING SO CRUTICAL OF EVERYRHING AND EVERYONE PAALEEEZ!!!!!!
When does "illegal" behavior catch up to this administration with LEGAL CONSEQUENCES??? No one is above the law.
Nonprofit colleges get TONS of taxpayer money, why do they not offer 2 forgive debts? Stop being distraction, take ur seat and work for us.
Once again - zero proof just liberal rhetoric. Hate speech only been two days and already back at it.
indoctrination, safe spaced, Segregation, limited studies, cracker jack degrees (self discriptive) & $$ tax for Americans only.
College is affordable. I know because I am currently  enrolled but they should cut funding to all schools that promote...
It is disgraceful how r cherished country & culture is being attacked by our own Republican politicians behind closed doors. Wrong&MEAN!
Obama Admin rule! Good night! Delay all of them! POS!
NO Senator Warren you put Yourself First, ahead of Native Americans and Students When you lied about being Native American and>
got a Job at Harvard University Teaching One Class for $350,000                                 TERM LIMITS  
and your bogus heritage
Liz, tell us what you know about liars in the Senate. You know at least one. Follow the clues.
remove DeVos before she does more damage, and put back the Obama regulations that protected students!
@SenWarren if Trump n crew are dismissed from WH, how hard will it be to reverse all of this insanity for 1%r's?
"An Obama Admin rule" what the hell is that.
You and Hillary would have been a great pair in office. Pleas try again 
This is open corruption. Investigate DeVos 
You never get it right
She should never have been confirmed in the first place.  UNQUALIFIED! As were all of Dump's picks.
Anything done by Obama Trump will mess on
Dear Liz: didn't you falsify your minority status to your advantage? Put yourself ahead of others more deserving? But that's different....
Stop the lies Liz, stop the lies!
how can she illegally delay it?
Show me the is code that the Secretary allegedly violated? Obama admin rules died with the Obama admin. Thank god America didn't.
How about bogus for profit professors? Hypocrite!!!
Lizzy for once in your Obstructionist life, have  respect on this day of national bonding. Your Job and Your career deserve only hardship
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
It's painful that the same ppl CandidateTrump promised to help will be lured into crushing student loans by "predatory Edu Programs" #greed.
keep inciting hatred and stay tuned for more idiots actions.I'm not in disagreement, but tone it down!
Disgusting.
It is all about profiteering, just like banking rules changes, destroying ACA, etc.,etc. by GOP. Looks to me like fascism!
All of Trumps appointees are very wealthy and their only goal is to get richer. If it's at our expense so be it. They don't care.
Don't forget @BetsyDeVosED husband was part of the group trying to setup the back channel to Russia for @realDonaldTrump
Her real goal is to feed more $ to her friends
Obama Admin rules is print on rolls of paper in bathrooms. Have a seat w Chardonnay, keep reading.
Not the real story, Warren.
Tell us a bit about your earnings vs. contributions as Professor. Don't academics like yourself drive up the costs for the student borrowers
Can they stop her?
Is it that these people *never* have enough wealth?
Is it another Obama EO?
Kinda like Bernie Sanders wife and sister in law isnt it?
WHO SHOULD HAVE LENIENCY ;THOSE THAT MAKE COUNTLESS MILLIONS ;OR THOSE THAT CAN BARELY SURVIVE ON THEIR SALARIES!
DeVos has to go.
When was the last time @SenWarren cared about the vets??
doubt it's illegal, and she's actually rewriting the rule, so that would mean changing not just delaying wouldn't it?
DeVos' so-called education vision for our country is bogus.
Empty suit
BS Pocohantis
Rest assured they are going to try and do as much damage as they can for as long as they can.
What'd you expect from this amoeba born from wealth?
And? @HouseDemocrats put illegal aliens ahead of USA students, vets & taxpayer's by allowing them to stay over written Fed & State laws.
There is no Obama rule that would  benefit any real American
We the people who helped elect Trump, we are reversing everything You and crooked Obama did the last eight years.. watch out.... hahahaha!!!
@BetsyDeVosED is a Sad White Privileged Incompetent Mess & Must GO! #resist #Indivisible
"All it takes is a pen & a phone" Live by the sword, die by the sword
POCAHONTAS, why do you lie so much! !!!!
She thinks that education is only for the rich. Her only goal is to ruin the public school system. Her lack of respect is just vile.
The issue; Why is our government guaranteeing loans to students who choose these known offending colleges/universities?
STOP HER!
Poko, you're simply lying with your half-truths and propaganda, at least be honest with people and tell them the whole truth

TYPICAL
- you are a liar and a fraud.
The whole Trump team is "for sale". Obviously there's something in it for her
Didn't you take advantage of the housing crisis Made hundreds of thousands of dollars while people lost their home
Lies. Fake news. Dizzy Lizzy spins more tales!
Exactly
I do not believe anything you have to say after lying about collusion for so long.
Of course she did! She doesn't care about education. She cares about $$$.
bogus like your Native American heritage?
Her collection agency stands to profit, conflict of interest just like her benefactor.
@SenWarren Enjoyed hearing you on the #AxeFiles podcast!
What can we do to make this right? It's so wrong that these 'colleges' can prey on people wanting to better themselves - takes their & our $
Well maybe if professors like @SenWarren didn't charge $350k to teach a single class tuition wouldn't be so high.
I don't this we can wait 'til the mid-terms ...
You lie!!!!!
Hannity reports Trump will issue Executive Order to ban baseball to prevent any further shootings of Republicans in the future
Good don't like it anyways
How can we STOP this?
We love you up here
LIES...
I sincerely hope you run in 2020, and I'm in Canada :)
These people have no souls. They don't care what is best for America, but what is best for them and their cronies.
@BetsyDeVosED  is immoral. she is trying to restrict access to education.
Actually it's the exact opposite. She's providing more choic and unions can't stand it.
?how many amendments are you allowed to introduce to ACA?
@SenWarren
 do you have any news articles (in-depth) that might help us understand, what is going on with this, better. If yes please link.
Hi- go to this site to see all the bills congress is trying to pass. It includes all the info for education bills
Thanks, Sis. 
But I'm looking for commentary, on the bills themselves. Any ideas for that?
Some of the bills contain articles of reference and other materials. The site is extensive. Great place for research.
Like the rest of the klepocrats, Betsy isn't here to lead - she's here to help her billionaire buddies steal from Americans. Sad.
How about all the students ripped off by "non profit" colleges? 200k + for useless degrees
It's the Trump Admin now! #MAGA
Please rep my state too
She needs to go. Please make her go.
So proud of @BetsyDeVos !
What exactly are you proud of?
