Worse that they said "they'd try" to provide credit monitoring to those impacted. They need to do more than try.
I just read an article on CNN that they are offering a year of credit monitoring even if you weren't affected. Not that it makes it okay 
That was copied and pasted from the article. This is crazy.
Agreed, crazy. I'd sign up for monitoring via TransUnion and/or Experian. Then sue the crap outta Equifax. They knew and dumped the stock!
There is a class action already in the works !
That's a load of bullshit ..they didn't protect our info screw them and the big banks all part of their corruption...
If you did ur job instead of Trump bashing,  and suffering from TDS, this would not have happened. To quote our beloved POTUS, "your Fired"
It's outrageous that a company whose one job is to collect consumer information on Americans legally exists. Fix the system, not the breach.
Confiscate stock proceeds and put them in jail, OR... take money from poor and bail them out AGAIN !
Not able to get through to freeze credit!! Equifax should assume all liability for all fraudulent accounts or be put out of business!
Agreed
Congress whose one job is to protect Its citizens & borders
Yup.
I'm really not a fan of yours but when this hit first thing I thought was "I hope that crazy Warren lady gives these guys hell."
Maybe if @SenWarren does something you'll be more of a fan?!
Put them out of business. They are useless
Fine them out of existence. They themselves are crooks. Oh wait, I bet they pay both political parties a lot of money, you won't do anything
Ha. Your own party can't even protect their computers, and now you are an expert on cyber security?
Oh, please investigate the executives for insider trading & malfeasance & help shut this company down for good.
Agreed
And Republicans would like to deregulate anything that protects the consumer.
Never ever thought that I would agree with you Sen Warren but you are so right on this one
Yes, and why are they allowed to sell stock before the announcement?
Great no effective action just general BS and Americans take it in the Ass again great congress for protection What do we get for our money
Maybe somebody used password for their password--you know
What a tragedy.
Waiting for U to blame Trump for this one!
cc: @SenateMajLdr @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @YourAnonNews
re: #nullify2016
"[Trump NOR Pence]...qualified" - Amend XX, sec 3
cc: @SenateMajLdr @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @YourAnonNews
re: #nullify2016
Dictatorship to Democracy http://www.aeinstein.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/FDTD.pdf …
They should be held accountable !!!
Congress and Senate should find another company to replace @Equifax ! This whole system should be redone!!
I just used your credit card to buy dinner.
Thanks Liz
Do they have any Clitons are friends of theirs working their  They love loosing data
They make their money on our information that we didn't ask them to collect. Why can't they be held financially responsible?
SSI# was not intended for ID and should have never been collected by these comps to start with. Force all three entities to purge db of SSI#
Of course, because they are financially well off - nothing will be done !!!  But... smoke a joint and u go to jail.... whats wrong in USA ??
The executives who sold their stocks before notifying the public NEED TO GO TO JAIL...  FINES ARE NOT ENOUGH.
Agreed, hence the 'fines are not enough' phrase in my tweet.
@thundermuff_88
You and I are probably part of it. I bet. It's our lick
Hahaha luck
Fa real though.
An understatement.
What can we do about. Equifax. Start over on every person s credit
Liz, there's probably a politician like yourself involved in the mess. I wonder if its you?
Well what you going to do about it? Tweeting it won't help we need ACTION.
Like the DNC was safeguarded?
And that folks at the top committed insider trading, selling their own stocks prior to announcing. Sent Martha to jail.And these greedy men?
You've made the list congratulations.
And then later is trying to make money off the debacle!  Not to mention their execs dumping stock prior to the announcement.
Why is Equifax allowed to have my information ???
What's outrageous is you clam to be Indian.  Go get the DNA and prove it!!!!
First time I ever agreed with you !!! How about that !!
There should be investigations--execs sold stock b4 informing public!
And then want us to pay a Third party for protection .
Let us start this by taking the three execs who sold stock off. Let's do it by Tuesday. Make that happen.
Didn't they work hard enough ?
It's outrageous that congress whose job it is to create policies to benefit America and Americans can't ever seem to do it.
Like 2 know why unregulated corp can take our personal data w/o our permission, hold us hostage when they lose the data,  & make profit too!
Shut. Them. Down. !!!!!!
1 year of credit monitoring is not going to help in face of the lifetime monitoring consumers are going to be doing. Equifax needs t/d more
@SenSchumer @Equifax We don't have the option to opt-out, why aren't these agencies regulated & fined for failing?
#equifaxbreach
They will hack the other 2 credit companies too,  watch them do it.  They won't protect it fast Enuf.
also, transunion and experian checked my identity with security question for credit freeze. equifax did not.
and when you sign up for a credit freeze there, your pin is generated as a timestamp. not secure.
Yeah just like u & ur best bud chuckie have failed to protect the lives of unborn Americans
Noticed that the big cheezes got their stock sold before the news got out.... and lied about knowledge.... as you'd expect.
not abstruse, very problematic, without intervention world can be disabled. Need for proper allocated internet security. Govt can't do it
For once I agree with you, Senator!!
Sorry, but the number of things in America that now outrage me has exceeded my ability for outrage. Donald Trump is POTUS. So just fuckitall
@Equifax SERIOUSLY???? WTF
There's a lot going on, but we need a full congressional investigation of @Equifax now.
It's ludicrous that they're allowed to withhold whether they've compromised your info unless consumers agree not to sue.
Will U please introduce emergency legislation 2 make credit freezing free in VA(or all US states)?RT if U agree #equifaxbreach.
Kinda like you and yours in DC
Amen!
I wonder if they kept their servers in someone's basement?
worst thing is that you have no control over whether Equifax has your info.Used for everything,including Insurance which shouldn't be legal
They hire a cyber security firm afterwards? Unacceptable to remain in business. Close them down, Effective immediately! This is outrageous.
They certainly knew and made money off it. Those who sold stock should be removed and charged with something if possible.
ceast and desist, every law accountability required from Capital Hill on this one!This entity responsible for security of everyone info! Now
Right Elizabeth. I am sure they did everything they could. Hackers are learning much faster. Way to go putting Americans down.
Yes it is it's something that a democratic would do
They shouldn't be able to buy their way out of this.
Yeah you think their security would be up to par with all of that Personal identifiable information. WTH
They should be fined.
Can't stand you, but on this agree focus fixing this not Trump
Unfortunately that's what the trump administration wants
Fortunately, I have bad credit.  Boom!
That's the way we feel about Hillary Clinton, but you judge Equifax but not Hillary Clinton?
Yet another e.g. these companies hold individuals hostage, only benefit other corp.'s, as is true of employer/employee total power imbalance
These companies need to be disbanded altogether.
And sold stocks before notifying the public.....
No more collecting and reporting transaction information without an individual's explicit approval for every transaction!
No more social security numbers with non-government agencies!
We should have free ID theft & credit protection for life b/c corp. bozos can't get it right! I didn't even get to choose who has my data!
When can we get a law that says these companies must compensate us when the put us at risk? Their execs make a tonby scrimping & we pay!
3 times!
Put some legislation to punish them!
Now time to find out why top 3 execs sold their company stock just prior to the breach!
Or prior to the release of the info. pertainung to the breach (I forget the exacts) but it's one or the other.
nooo...it's outrageous for an elected 'official' like you whose only job is to protect voters interest scam those same voters time and again
... and then sold stock before all of this became public.

The outrage should be versus the ones who profited from our misery.
And then charge $10 to put a freeze on your breached credit.
....and waited six weeks..
AND their CEOs et al sold their stock quietly
a nation of laws?
 i don't think so
a nation of the Privileged
And were weeks late in any notifications....while some of the executives sold off their stock interests.
It is outrageous that @HillaryClinton, a woman who is supposed to rep the democratic citizens, repeatedly lies to us and is a criminal
Sen. Warren I agree with you. What do you say about the government agencies like #CIA #NSA  that get hacked? Point is any system is hackable
...and it doesn't end there
Worse that execs sold stock days after the. Teach, them didn't report the breach for months. Insider trading.
Its bad business when companies can sell their stock prior to releasing their screw up make money then walk away with no consequences
Maybe a class action suit is in order.
What's next?
It happens. If the US gov can get hacked then a private organization can too. Keep throwing stones @SenWarren   DO YOUR JOB!
They used Clinton bathroom server...what could go wrong?
According to Bloomberg, 3 senior execs sold their shares before word of the breach came out.  Equifax claims execs weren't aware of breach.
by notifying Equifax in writing within 30 days of accepting the monitoring service.
From CNN MONEY: Equifax added an opt-out provision on Friday. Customers can get out of the arbitration requirement
And they'll get away and with it. As will their insider-trading execs!
I cant sell personal info. Why? Im not secure. Theyre no better. This "industry" needs to be severely punished&restricted. Its a Racket.
This has been going on for years. #congress has done nothing for years. #legislate some protections for consumers. Stop pandering to corps!
Sounds like an inside job to me
True of all companies, by necessity living in a digital world, we've had to trust with our data, including browsers, software... on and on.
Almost as outrageous as selling off stock before the public knew of the breach.
Almost as outrageous as wanting consumers to sign away rights in order to receive help.
It's outrageous that Congress never passed legislation to put dreamers on path to citizenship
They're giving credit monitoring for only 1 year and then you have to cancel. If you don't, it's $17/month. They could make money from this!
What? You're not blaming Trump? Good job.
For once your right !
Yes and we the people shouldn't be responsible to contact them they should be contacting everyone
It's outrageous that we must allow them to invade our privacy at will !!!
But if we just deregulate, they will do the right thing for consumers, investors, employees, profits... NOT!
And now asking for fees at the end of the year, can we take them to court ??
I thought their job was to let corporations put false information into your credit file.
It's outrageous that you claimed to be a Native American Indian to get into college.
What are you going to do about it
If I'm an @Equifax "customer" then kidnap victims are "guests" of their abductors.
Please sponsor legislation to force these companies to release data breaches in a prompt manner. They hid this for months!
I never gave them or authorized them to have my info, but they do. Even auto insurance companies checks my credit before my driving record.
As well as force you to not sue for their "monitoring" service.....
It's going to make it difficult for the govt to monitor everyone's money flow as we migrate to cash only transactions.  Sure you r pissed.
Could it be possible they work for the Russians? We must make them accountable for what they did to us. Can we sue,@SenWarren?
Great opportunity to make a.bipartisan impact. This was bound to happen.
It's America in a nutshell.
Lock them up?
Financial Malpractice.
Seriously. Let's not sweep this under the rug.
Do you actually accomplish anything or just complain? Actions speak louder than words.
I call that criminal neglect
Bad? Yes Unexpected? No These things will happen unfortunately.  Equifax will no doubt improve data security but nothing is 100% hack proof
And I am fairly certain we have no legal recourse against Equifax
and what is going to be done about it? The usual nothing?
and it's only 143M they told us about, wonder how many it really was
Not surprised. That alone is sad.
We should be able to sue them some how. Imagine what will follow, if it happened to this entity; it is bound to happen to others.
I completely agree - especially since this is not the first time they've been breached. They should be sued out of existence.
Private sector is such a shitshow.
Yup!
And zero accountability
Elizabeth Warren outraged yet again. You need a new narrative.
How did these private companies ever get the right to collect so much private information on Americans? It has always seemed bizarre to me.
Talk to Hilliary about safeguarding information !
...and Congress shall ?
What about the three execs who sold stock before the news went public.  Will our Justice system do anything about them?
Congressional investigation! Now!
And want to charge us after the "free" monitoring period.  Not to mention we sign away our rights to sue if their mess up harms us.
It is BEYOND time that we have some laws, with teeth, to enforce our privacy!
Perhaps they should be banned fr this service.  They showed consumers that their own interests take priority over our privacy and security.
They have been a joke for years with there mishandling of information and are never accountable for there actions.
AND...just for fun dumped some stock right before announcing the breach.
Equifax needs to be destroyed. They can keep our data safe and their corporate culture says it's ok to withhold data so they can cash out.
Raise money for #hurricane relief: Hold hearings on @Equifax with @SenWarren and sell the broadcast on Pay Per View
It's more outrageous when you don't read the fine print on their "FREE" offer.
Agree! They should be held accountable and shut down. Too much power in the hands of irresponsible corporations.
And they want to attach strings to the 'free' protection they will 'try' to provide - no lawsuits or suing them allowed if you sign up 4 it.
Even worse, they knew for a month & hid that until execs sold their shares! Plus for free credit monitoring we sign away rights to sue!
Follow the money behind the early sell-off of stock by Equifax board members to connect the dots in this particular scheme.
Kind of like former Secretary of State Clinton.
Yet @Equifax holds Americans entire life  in their hands! They decide if we have a bank acct or even a home. Too big to fail? No more power!
You are just stating the obvious !
I wonder if this is why my husband and I have been receiving strange calls of people trying to scam us? Phishing for info. Smh...
It's outrageous that when I turn up as possibly affected I cannot easily change my SSN.. and that I can't protect its use with 2FA
I don't believe you would tweet this btw where are you
Insiders in the company sold their shares knowing of the data breach before announcing it to the public. Who is going to jail?
Gee! I wonder what your opponent @DiehlForSenate might have to say about your anger over this? He'd probably just hide behind Trump again.
Not outrageous. Criminal
...Last I get a message to mail a written request with copies of ids and credit card info! Why the didn't Equifax tell me that FIRST?
That's why they shouldn't be saving consumer information. That's stalkerish.
So I complete the requested information with a credit card for the $10 to freeze my report and then rhey say they can't do it online...
Its outrageous that a company can collect ur private financial info without ur consent
And what is worse is the top ppl selling their stock before notifying the public. Isn't that called insider trading. Jail time!
as you have failed your one job
Just like you. You don't do your job. Protecting the constitution. That's it and you can't do it. You are a sorry american.
One should get a text or email to a verified address/number when a credit application has been opened-to ensure it's not fraud #equifaxhack
And wants you to waive your right to sue before they tell you if you're one of the 143 million.
Then it needs to be a lawsuit for everyone from a_z
!!!!! yes  !!!!
I agree. they are only interested in making money off of those affected. Since money is their God let them pay for their incomperance
