Thankfully @BetsyDeVos will have very little power to effect change in education. #ShillForVouchers.
I'm a parent of a disabled child and I'm worried that not having resources ..IEP, IDEA and ADA this will hurt my child's chance
Liberals don't like Besty Devos  I love her teachers need to be worried they need to stop brainwashing our children teach american history
I the office of the handful handful of R Senators from FB post making rounds to ask them 2 vote no on her! We all should! 
I hope she's not one of the cabinet picks you confirm
they will ALL be confirmed! Dems have no power!
unborn lives aren't lives bud
sorry BUD, life begins at conception, so yeah, they are lives!
Besty DeVos is full of crap
I love Berst
Evidently those 1,000's that u heard from were not any good. parents want Charter Schools bc Public stinks. My State ranks 50
thank you Elizabeth. #aloha
AS A TRUE AMERICAN IM OFFENDED AT YOU! YOU ARE A SOCIALIST& ACT LIKE A BULLY  GUESS WHAT, WE HAVE OUR OWN MINDS. BACK OFF COMMY
We had concerns about Ben Carson too Senator Warren. Apparently, you didn't hear or share those concerns.
what's the concern he will help with housing & work with inner cities? will prove failed democrats and their agenda
Thank you!
please say no to DeVos
All UNION Democrats hardly an honest cross sample
@gramma61 She's a disgrace like the rest of them. Better not put her thru or there will be Hell to pay!
She scares me, as do many of the other cabinet picks.
I heard u failed to declare a million plus line of credit in disclosure. Forked tongue will get u in trouble@IndianPrincess

@MStuart1970 @SenWarren @Jami_USA   Hahahaha   
You lied about being INDIAN so YOU GET a free education..YOU taught 1 class abt. INDIANS for $400,000.00. Who actually paid you??
MY HIGH SCHOOL GRANDSON IN DEMOCRATS BALTIMORE DONT USE BOOKS FOR AMERICAN HISTORY SO YOU'RE SOCIALISM BRAINWASHED HIGHSCHOOLERS
because you want to keep the liberal indoctrination in place.  30yrs is enough of it!  Equal education for ALL and end CommonCore
who cares your done
You are so Wrong. Betsy Devos is perfect for America. She brings reform.
thank you for leading this fight. 69 yrold retired teacher FAPE
so do something about it. Cuz obviously us citizens can't. Earn your salary u fraud.
You LIED and CHEATED!
GUESS WHAT MA ISNT ALL OF AMERICA. WE KNOW YOU LIBERAL ARTS NAZIS WANT TO DICTATE TO THE REST OF US BUT WE HAVE OUR OWN MINDS

she still hasn't paid her taxes.  Her and Al Sharpton belong in the same cell.
you're under investigation right now. Better worry about your own @$$. You're going down #Pocahontas
all I hear is a bunch of people whining because things did not go there way...
As a retired educator with 50 yrs exp, Betsy DeVose is a complete disaster. Not knowing IDEA is ignorant.
Do Not vote to confirm. This battle is one you must pick. #23yearMApublicschoolteacher
Then please, please vote No and kick her off the island.
We can't stop DeVos without republicans. How are democrats working to make a few republicans join them in stopping her?
like you have "heard" on the other nominees you have voted for!?
- Teachers, parents, & ed leaders in MI who have seen her work have even bigger concerns.
JUST #VOTENO it's all we want to hear from you!  VoteNO to every single remaining trump cabinet pick & ANYONE HE NOMINATES 2 USSC

.@SenWarren Yes, these concerns are high.Do your JOB in these hearings & reject all Trump's pick-not just Betsy. Trump is corrupting the WH.
need to get away from fed educ and keep it at the local leaders
Hope that means you will be voting her down
Did you not hear from any about Ben Carson. #CantPickAndChoose
Im sure you have. Their unions and you have lied to them for decades about how terrible conservatives are.  You are a virus.
Me from NY. MS math Ed.
Vote NO on DeVos!!

She knows nothing!!
If you pointedly and effectively question but then vote yay, that's useless. Stand your ground, Senator!
please vote no on Betsy DeVos appointment. She is not qualified
You are a hypocrite Pocahontas
Too bad you didn't hear them about Ben Carson.
Public education is a complete, total failure. Complex reasons. All need to be run by private sector with public funds,vouchers.
Betsy will be confirmed.  Get to work and stop the Democrat party implosion
Unfortunately, we're in the minority - where it matters.
-thank you for voting No on DeVos. She would ruin public education.
I don't live in your state but thank you so much for your voice.
now we need 3 sane republicans to stop her.
Please listen to your constituents, @SenAlexander http://wkrn.com/2017/01/27/education-protest-held-outside-sen-alexanders-nashville-office/ …
we heard you gotta Native American grant, PAY IT BACK! You fraud
I love you but have you NOT heard our concerns about the REST of the inept and frightening cabinet choices? #resist
The crooked Media and the Dems have cast a shadow on all Nominees. The Senator hates school choices against child opportunities.
Pocahontas???
Here's a more important question Ms. Warren. Do you paint with all the colors of the wind?
Warrens career
We see you scheming Pocahontas
no excuses for shitty liberal schools now! Ha ha ha
#Her own city sent a petition begging them not accept her based her record here in Grand Rapids, MI
preach all you want, ill bet you all of your 1.3 million credit line you didnt disclose that she gets confirmed.
good continue one of the few really strong voices history the future is yours
we've been trying to communicate the same to @SenAlexander but he isn't listening to the people of Tennessee
as a teacher of 50 years, I feel my blood run cold at her nomination.
please #resist. Education is so important!
if you care about public education, please do not vote for her!
you already blew it
the concern is the same down here in CT. She can't be confirmed. #noDevos
I hop you don't vote for her. She trashed Michigan.
What is our best strategy to block this? #VoicesOfReason #StopThisMadness
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/01/27/elizabeth-warren-fails-to-disclose-1-3-million-line-of-credit/ …
It's obvious DeVos lacks the experience, judgment and temperament of a Ben Carson.
She might hit the ball out park and. Be a big hit. If not I'm sure she'll be fired. Trump doesn't seem  keep people who do poorly
Same concerns here in Maine but @SenatorCollins buries her head in the sand and goes along stride for stride with new WH admin!
we are banning Muslim from entry. You think our government cares about the ed of our children? #NotMyPresidentTrump #helpus
It can't happen!!!   Omg!!!  NO!   Please, pretty please.  I am asking nicely
@usedgov why didn't you disclose you 1.3 million dollar loan from Bank of America....hmmmm
The only person in the Trump regime I don't have concern about is Gen. Mattis
If you have heard from so many people only confirms who is stealing the money. After all U.S education is 47 in WORLD STANDING.
THEN VOTE NO. DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE AS WITH CARSON AND THEN HAVE TO MAKE AN OVERWROUGHT NONSENSICAL JUSTIFICATION.
I've heard from many citizens from all over about your competence to continue in the #Senate.
ALL about $$$ who You kidding? #snowflake
Its A
vote NO!
No no no to everyone Warren
Thank you! You give me hope that we will come out of this disaster eventually.
, @SenAlexander has heard from them, too.
stop playing nice with Trump cabinet choices
Yes, parents agree with you: @BetsyDeVos NOT an adequate choice 4 impt position of EdSec& shouldn't be given it as reward for $!
talk to the people in Michigan!! Yikes
DeVos is just one of so many things Trump is screwing up. We are becoming a disaster on all fronts. Please help stop it.
but I hear Lamar Alexander is lobbying for her to be confirmed. How will you vote?
.@SenWarren @CNN Liz has heard from Thousands in opposition to Devos, evidence needed!
"Deep concerns?" How about "Horrified?!?"
I think she would be a blessing to the education system.. common core out the window for starters
you are AWFUL
PLEASE VOTE NO
thank you. I will not let my niece be brainwashed by that witch
don't ask for our support if we can't count on your support
like you heard concerns about #BenCarson ? "#actions speak louder than words" delay filibuster & vote against all DT nominees
I'm disappointed with your votes for #45  nominees
Vote No on #DeVos. Why is donald allergic to competence? Every nominee is unqualified & has conflicts.
De Vos is atrocious. She would decimate our public education and our children.
I don't need to say to you to do the right thing as you know what to do ... Betsy DeVos is not qualified
Well time for them to put on their big boy pant Thanks  to u partner. Old Harry She is coming to a school near r. By by bad 
concerned about DeVos, she is totally incompetent , corrupt GOP devoid of ethics.
She should not be confirmed.
thank you for listening.
and has anyone else at the confirmation hearing heard those very real concerns?
Better use those negotiating skills to get the GOP crossover votes needed.
Thank you!
I've heard that DeVos is likely to be confirmed. Is that true?
they need to do more.  They need to go before the American public and speak their@concerns so we can stand with them  CHANGE
no one told u anything
as a teacher from WA, PLEASE do not let B. D. gut our education system!
and u r hearing from this mom of a special needs son in MO as well! I'm scared! Please stop her!!
opinion does not equal qualification.
concern? No extreme rejection, aversion, disgust at the fool who put her forward.  Astounded at her lack of knowledge.
which native language did they use? You're a fool and wouldn't know sense if it hit you. #Fauxcohontas #democratsarenuts
thank you for voting no on DeVos!
Here's another college professor against DeVos!
what can we do?
Ahh, actually not sure you've heard anything...
don't vote for her
To listen to "thousands"(plural, so at minimum 2k), you'd have to attend 32 meetings of 1hr/ea where ppl spoke 1min/ea nonstop.
stay away from @SenatorSessions he is dangerous
You have heard from "thousands"?
Or you went to some meetings where people were sitting and a couple spoke?
Vote NO on her confirmation
Agree, but why Ben Carson??
Thank you for listening and doing what is right for our nation's children! #noDevos #StopDeVos I hope @SenAlexander listens
union breaking worries. Would suck if teachers were held accountable for results.
and we are here in Indiana feeling the same way...
Please WY has zero choice, VOTE NO!!!
You've also previously shared her support for school vouchers.
it not the people are worried about it you and your kind
yes she would ruin public education Thankanfor your rigorous questioning of her!
please save us from DeVos and please start to impeach Trump.  We need you now more than ever!
As I recall, you heard and shared our concerns about Ben Carson, also.
@penneyewart VOTE NO! #resist @POTUS #stoptrump #notdevos
ur gonna lose next term Pocahontas ... ur bull sh*t lip service isn't gonna work - America wants do'ers & winners - u will lose
thank you for your continued support for public education #nodevoss
vote no
I am the 'thousands' and one!  I have written and called Colorado Senators hoping for a voice and vote for reason. NOT DeVos!!
yes but are you gonna vote yes for confirmation? Word are important, action more so.
I am a school teacher. I find it difficult to support anyone not knowing growth from proficiency. get her out.
our country is bigger than Massachusetts...no?
you know truup is going to "go neuclear!" who cares right? Got to take a stand
@realDonaldTrump listen to the outcry, DeVos a huge mistake,don't think there're any grizzlies we need to worry about
Thank you for fighting for the future of our children AND our country!  #ResistTrump
they're all Liberal, so they're all ignorant & idealogical like you
thanks for your no vote. Time to vote no on the rest. Perhaps dems should also delay supreme vote "to let voters decide" in 2018
thank you for fighting for us
I hope this means you will vote no!
where can we find a list of sorts, with your concerns? On the fence myself, wanting to look at all sides.
And you shared concerns about Carson but you bailed and voted for him anyway. Read your explanation. More political polemic:
He was an idiot in hearing but so much better behind closed doors with "me" so "I" know better. Undermines trust when so few left
please vote against her.
so? Nobody said nothing about Ben Carson? So that makes him qualified? Never been so disappointed in my life. #justSayNoToDrumpf
Thank you!!!
We do not need  more Ignoramus in the government
so stop voting yes
Yes that's because we KNOW how to write – which is a fundamental skill. Let's not lose that w/ DeVos, PLEASE.
I am so scared for my profession. Thank you for your support of public education. 
no one cares what you have to say Indian
I've heard from Millions of Americans that have "concerns" about You being Human. Did a Bug crawl in ur ear?
@RealJamesWoods #dts
Listen to Senator Warren!
