
Most unfit and racist out of touch president just one crazy insane Trump.
Stop being part of the problem and be part of the solution!
At the very least stop playing golf...
What can mainland citizens do to help PR? I want to help but don’t know how.
Donate to the #ClintonFoundation. Sure to help PR just like she did for Haiti earthquake relief.
Don’t be an asshole. I’m honestly trying to figure out how to help.
You’re a bright boy. Go to http://CharityNavigator.org  and check out the scores associated with PR/USVI relief. Then and only then donate. #BBB
You tell him, Senator! If #Dotard continues to neglect Puerto Rico, you know what to do. ;)
Maybe pay attention.
FEMA's red tape chokes the distribution
No gas for trucks to distribute
Not enough manpower to distribute
FEMA asks that u register online for help - there's NO internet/electricity
We sent 40k manpower for Katrina, trump sent 10k to Puerto Rico
Stop looking at a picture and maybe watch her interviews.
just what the hell are you doing here?
LMAO
Go to a meeting.
Sure looks like San Juan mayor is just another scam artist.
Bombshell: Puerto Rican Cop calls radio station claims mayor #CarmenYulinCruz  is sabotaging relief efforts.
Seems soros sent her a hat, T-shirt and speaking notes...all you got were the notes, I bet you are pissed!
You silly rabbit. You seriously need to stop lying. It's not very attractive and everyone can see right threw it. #LiarLiar #PantsOnFire
Keep pushing your narrative Liz
Yes you're right. Keep showing the pics. Keep talking about it. Forgive PR debt.
Exactly the mayor of Puerto Rico needs to concentrate on her job
And what have YOU done @SenWarren...from behind the screen of your phone, inside your mansion? @POTUS has done his job. Why don't you? #Evil
Are you serious? You are out of your mind!
He didn’t the mayor did, not good.
Understand the issues before you haphazardly tweet Pocohontas! YOU are the one politicizing it. Can't wait until ur gone and sent packing.

Stop lying Pocahontas
The Clinton Foundation was collection billions for just such an emergency or wedding CALL BR549
That is one stupid picture. Not even connected to the issue. Typical of those who support President Pussy Grabber.

Wow. Sick, ignorant and tasteless. Not surprised.

Sharing!!! Thank you for this one!!!
His response to the audacity of a strong brown woman to call him out is classic small man @realDonaldTrump temper tantrum rock throwing.
LOL you must be up there with Liz.
She is nothing but a Democratic Socialist the Democratic Socialist Party
Obamacare strips me of what I have left
She don't care about the people she just cares about the Socialist Party
Thank you Sen Warren.  He doesn’t understand how we ache to know about our families on the island and so many friends.


The mall in San Juan, Puerto Rico opened today.
Why don't you go there with your wampum and set up some tepees Liz?

..waiting to be shipped! You are playing politics while being a multi millionaire! Waiting for your donation!
Well,Trump sent help,thugs at port robbed stuff, liberal drivers won't drive w/o huge pay,mayor didn't attend FEMA meetings & PR's hate her
How is this Donald Trump's fault? The political posturing by the corrupt people in PR is the problem! Refusing to distribute goods in ports!
Exactly
Hey Pocahontas they are supplies available but your union employees refuse to deliver them
Politics???? This us Dereliction of duty and Abuse of power
GOP Budget is an act of Passive Genocide against the disabled & elderly. Failure 2 respond 2 PR, Passive Genocide. GOP are #ChristianFrauds
Check out @realDonaldTrump’s Tweet:
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
You mean like you're doing?
That's all our government and media knows sad but true
Americans are dying every day from drugs, but Lizzy (borden) Warren SITS ON HER ASS. Why the hell are YOU in office, really?
Trump is failing as President. He needs to step down or be impeached.
The two mayors Trump has attacked during crises are a Muslim in London and a Hispanic Woman in San Juan. Trump is #Deplorable
Funny how in this pic there is all this food and water did she 4 get it was there? She needs to get those truck drivers off strike
This hysterical woman is the wrong person to represent the devastated island of Puerto Rico.
Pocohauntas playing politics here... see how she tried to twist it?Trump doing great
Trump Nazi supporters helping Trump assassinate US Citizens #PuertoRicoGenocide #PuertoRicanLivesMatter #BLM
Lost your mind due to sore loser syndrome
Lost my mind because US Citizens are dying because of the fascist regime. We had a faster response in Haiti.
Just saw the number of followers Troll lmaooo
Hey Lizzy, do you think you can get those striking union truck drivers in PR to start moving the containers of relief supplies choking docks
They need their power grid redone-last summer their power company bankrupted-this is a hard thing to do as it was already in bad shape
you and your fellow democrats, media etc are the ones playing politics, @realDonaldTrump has given them everything he can,
Senator warren, please have the Jones Act lifted for a year to help PR recover!
They have all overlooked that PR DONATED water & supplies to USVI for Irma relief. Praise is deserved. Criticism is deplorable!
So you're admitting your deplorable
Criticizing PR is deplorable. Maybe brush up on your reading comprehension skills
You are criticizing . I feel sorry for the people
I'm criticizing POTUS who does not share your empathy
Does ANYONE actually take the Senator seriously? It's comical some of the things she says.
She lies or repeats lying TV reporters. US is battling hurricanes in 2 states & 2 islands. Much has been done in PR. http://bit.ly/2xSU2JI 
Are you there?  Just curious since you know exactly what's been done.  You do realize PR is part of the US, right?

On the ground I see the suffering-but feel deeply that attacking @realDonaldTrump for the ravages of nature &neglect is politicizing tragedy
It's not the Presidents fault.
Ok.  Keep telling yourself that.
Do Warren, what are you doing to help besides running your mouth? Nothing as usual
All you do is play politics with peoples lives
He need censure and impeachment!
People like you are doing more damage than him,your doing a good job
Well you're wealthy enough take some of your money and go help them. Or roll up your sleeves and do some hard work
Put your money and muscle where your mouth is
Another cow
These simple cows always following the heard. Keep voting out Democrats
More citizens are dying every week in Chicago, a city ran by democrats. Why aren't you speaking out about that? Doesn't fit narrative?
Now who's playing politics you are such a used up piece of garbage
@senwarren disgraceful with the political insults of the POTUS. You're a senator for fuck sake do something besides whine!!
You and your comrade, Mayor of San Juan, are the political game players here. Shame on you both!
The truth about Puerto Rico  & it's not the propaganda Mayor of #SanJuan has been spewing w/MSM & cluless celebritiesRT 
#TakeAKnee 
Stop supporting abortion. Hundreds of thousands die every year. Obama would NOT sign bill to stop auto weapon kit.
Donald Trump is an racist, a traitor, inept, a murderer.
PR is in CRISIS. US citizens are dying. Millions of people need their govt's help. Stop playing politics with their lives, @CarmenYulinCruz
You all need to go to P R  they need you there to help.
you're one of those accounts with the numbers; i've heard about them
And golf. Stop playing golf and expecting everything to be done for you and get to work.
Did you say shit when Obama went golfing after an American was beheaded, STFU then asshole
Hello Strawman my old friend
I've come to talk with you again
To me or at me
lol. The conversation passed your intellectual level quickly, didn't it.
No, I just don't like putting lipstick on pigs, carry on bud
He is not a leader in anyway, but, expects to be praised as such. His actions are deplorable, that of a sociopath.
Who is playing politics?  You are Senator. Be ashamed of yourself!
Please spare us the only one playing politics is the POS San Juan Dem mayor. More fake news. Our President did more faster then Obama in LA
That's exactly what you're doing playing politics! #socialistbuffoon #fraud #termlimitsnow #impeachwarren
I have not seen U in PR helping. Actions speak louder than your words.
Exactly - Stop playing politics Nancy Pelosi and Chuckie Schumer
STFU Asswipe
“Asswipe” again. Not very original.
That despicable SOB must GO.  GET  HIM  OUT!!
hate to tell you but he is out, Barry was kicked out on his butt 1/20/17
I just love getting you all puffed up.  Only takes one word to do it. #Stopthehate We are all Americans. Love one another
Jim Bates on FB
I live in Puerto Rico. We ARE getting help.From Army, Navy, FEMA, Volunteer Ministers and celebrities.Turn off CNN. They lie
look up Jim Bates page on Facebook and read the comments.  They disagree with him strongly. I think Jim Bates is a sock puppet account.
Wether hes fake or not @SenWarren is lying about the help in PR and should be taken to task for it
actually, according to civilians posting from PR, it's Trump that's lying.

Again.

He should be impeached, indicted, convicted, prisoned.
NO  its Warren and the  mayor who are lying !
you really can't argue with the people who live there.

or... maybe you can... but the facts remain the facts.
Trump has done more than Warren   can ever fathom of  doing shes nothing  but an money grubbing   jerk
bye.
Welcome to Nazi America.

I. Just. Can't. Anymore!
Stop disrespecting OUR President. He is doing what needs to be done and you know it. Americans are tired of the games by politicians.
Yes but somebody, ANYBODY, needs to start impeachment proceedings! Enough talk, time for ACTION!
On what grounds? I don't think that word means what you think it means. Try looking it up and quit spewing liberal rhetoric!
Boohoo!!!
Yes exactly. Stop your whining. Your side lost, get over it and grow up!
I know, biggest joke! She could make tshirts while her people are dying 
CNN brought those shirts with them.
Tell the damn Teamsters Union to get the trickers off their butts.
#fakenews. Truckers aren't on strike. Thanks for confirming your lobotomy
Are you? You implied they were. Y'all have been spreading that lie.

There is no problem with the truckers union. None. Stop lying.
No UR a typical liberal. Think u know and u don't.
That's why Hillary lost. She knew America would vote for her. I don't imply I say it.
Yup, when you get beat in an argument y'all always deflect to "bbut hillary". Like clockwork. So predictable.
I'm not beat. Another liberal tactic turn it around. The more I read our tweets I have come 2 conclusion or stupid.
#denial
U should have checked this mayor out b4 u went out on a limb. 90% of she said isn't true! Check fema updates urself. She opportunistic.
What is behind her senator warren? This is why you lost all credibility with 63 million people. Shame on you .
NO! You do something about him! YOU were elected. We can’t start impeachment by ourselves!
Go F-Yourself pochahantas
I agree her Maxine monkey face waters and Hillary troll doll Clinton to
Heh, Lizzie. Can you drive a truck? If so, PR needs you to do something constructive.
Put them Big Girl Panties on and fly yourself over there.Our President has it covered.Quit lying to America with your Corruption!
I'm sorry, but I don't believe he's playing politics. He's simply showing his racism yet again, ..... this time against Puerto Ricans.
Really Elizabeth are you this misinformed? Are you actually listening to MSM? I suggest you stop propagating misinformation & tell the truth
She isn't misinformed. She is another worthless politician getting paid to cause trouble. She needs to go!!
Grassroots to remove #LYAWHATHA LOVE IT! 
#nomoredemocrats2018
Are you talking to the Mayor od San Juan and the corrupt (Liberal) leadership there? http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/30/exclusive-fellow-puerto-rico-mayor-rips-san-juan-mayor-shes-not-participating-in-any-meetings/?utm_source=site-share … If not, you're just a liar.
Stop playing politics w the truth
The American people see right through your deciet Dems keep losing elections, vote no to pathological liars They're sick
There's something vaguely ironic about this tweet. Wish I could put my finger on it...

Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
Boy have YOU been uninformed or misinformed Pocahontas.  You have NO CLUE what you are saying.  Do some REAL research and get the facts
What's the death count down there?  Why won't they let the trucks distribute the supplies we sent?
The death Toll was and remains at 16 ! Stop your Fucking lying...
This is leadership!
Puerto Rican Cop calls radio station claims mayor #CarmenYulinCruz  is sabotaging relief efforts.
You need to talk to that liberal Mayor of yours. She's obstructing help! That seems the Dem's entire agenda. You're a bunch of barking dogs.
An entire ICU ward DIED!!!
Send them some Teepees.
Remove Trump to stop his making America hate again campaign
Tell them to quit living in hurricane valley.  That would help dumdasses
And he picks a fight with an exhausted mayor-great leader

Ur the last person anyone wants 2  suggesting someone else is playing politics with anyone's life! Ur part of the reason we r n such a fix
Sorry, but nobody would know who you were, if not for you playing on DJT's political status. Sad!
Elizabeth, how many administrations have had to deal with three  major events that has done this much damage. Now, you focus on one. Wow!
Maybe the union should stop holding all the supplies DJT sent hostage at the port . Make the call Chief Spreading Bull
I for one am immensely glad and thank God that we have President Trump vs Crooked....leadership finally after 8 dark bleak years.
Stop being a hysteric! The leaders of PR had yrs to plan for an evacuation. They live with thread of hurricanes every year!!!

SMOKING GUN: San Juan Teamsters Didn’t Show Up for Work to Distribute Relief Supplies - US Aid ROTTING at Ports http://truthuncensored.net/smoking-gun-san-juan-teamsters-didnt-show-work-distribute-relief-supplies-rotting-at-port/ …
Seems your AFL-CIO kids don't want to play today,Maybe Nancy's DACA protesters might be interested in helping ?Maybe you ?
Whose dying? Please give us areas and addresses.
So how about you getting on the phone and get the truck drivers union to stop the strike so the massive amt of supplies we sent can deliver!
U realize that when you criticize DJT U criticize all the boots on the ground!  Supplies have been there, where r the truckers?
They need help. How is our Government allowing this to happen? He has officially commited a crime against humanity & the American people.
He can't because he's playing golf. On vacation again drumpf?
Back at YOU -- stop playing politics. What have YOU done for PuertoRico?
You & @CarmenYulinCruz are vile predatory terror sympathizing socialist who use people & their struggles, vampires!
Right back at you, senator. #lovetheirony
You've topped yourself again, Liawatha.

@realDonaldTrump @FEMA
@DeptofDefense @NHC_Atlantic
Mayor SABOTAGING Relief Efforts Out of HATE
4@POTUS
…
It is all a game show to DT. He doesn't have the capacity to be decent, nor does his base, sadly.
Hurry and get to PR so you can help. Their is food and water that need delivering if you can drive a truck or drive period.
*There
You obstructionist chief batt sheeeeat

When Trump hating is more important than your people

DISGUSTING
San Juan mayor playing politics-AWOL at FEMA mtgs
…
He can't.   He is ruled by hate, bigotry, and narcissistic goals ONLY.
Stop playing fake politics.
Hey Fauxahontas, r u accusing our President of obstruction? "Stop playing politics?"That's RICH coming from you-Party before Country, right?
Serious question, Senator Warren; in lieu of POTUS actually doing anything, can the govt bypass him and take action on their own?
Oh Lizzie, 
#StillNotPrez
Maybe you should not have voted for that $700billion "defence" budget.
I went through Irma President Trump had his national guard, ships, Red Cross , FEMA there before storm.  BO played golf during Louis floods

Maybe you should follow @fema & DOD for correct updates on PR Lizzy! Stop spreading hate & LIES! We know the truth!
Crazy lady alert!!!!
Pot calling kettle
Once a liar always a liar I’ll listen to the people I know on the ground and those flying the relief flights including myself, Phocahontas
Shut up Warren
You are pathetic & a huge part of the swamp to be drained!  President Trump is doing more for PR and America than you’ve ever done for us!
https://twitter.com/Corrynmb/status/914120496496676864 …

The supplies are at the dock
The Mayor of San Juan is a political puppet
Complaining there's no aid when the port is crammed with containers
Their need is truck Drivers 
Elizabeth or Pocahontas  
No fix for stupid. Yes, that would be you.
Anyone who is a "Proud Trumpster" after all that he has done is a simple racist, no excuses!
Tell that to the mayor of Puerto Rico, and the trucking union that's backing up all our supplies, you lying hack.
Here's that strong blonde woman in front of all the supplies she says she doesn't have.
Don't forget the US Virgin Islands, these people need help also.

Let's talk about playing politics.
Isn't that what you're doing right now? Projection much Pocahontas?
You should be in jail for statements like this that are pure lies said to divide our country.
You have no idea what is really going on. Check this out....
You play politics with peoples lives daily..
Probably spent more time picking out a pantsuit and this lie then helping anyone but yourself. Your masks are off now, we can see just fine.
we could say the same about obamacare!
If this were a democrat president and republicans said the same things I’d be on them as well but this is dishonest
AND You need to sit &  pipe the hell down•
More than 10,000 fed staff representing 36 Depts/agencies including more than 800 FEMA personnel are on the ground http://fema.gov/blog/2017-09-2 …
and you said F All while the Clinton's pillaged Haiti. Everything you say and do is transparent.
Maybe corrupt Mayors should be removed? It's a start 
when are you filing the impeachment papers? Trump is mentally sick and belongs in a mental institution
Your side and liberal alt left media is playing politics
Don't you have some face painting to do! Our President has this under control.
Enjoy your platform Liz. We know the truth. Election time's a comin' & you are going home!
Because of you democrats because of the mayor of San Juan another democrat saying that while standing in front of thousands bottles of  
Trump's Bedminster Golf Club 908.470.4400
be patriotic the show that we care and take care of the people who are needing us the most for 2 long
Ok what is the death total in PR?If your saying this is true how come we don't have a high  count of people dying?  people see through BS!
You are a liar.
2020 please

FAKE NEWS....
The government had been screwing us so badly with the CDC prescribing restrictions, so really, this is no suprise. RECALL CDC guidelines.
Agreed!  Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is golfing.  His legacy, the genocide of Americans in PR@SenMcCain @pryan @guardian @PuertoRicoPUR
Do you realize we don't have unlimited man power/supplies and are already dealing with two other major crisis? Throw in PR being 1100 miles.
Charge him with manslaughter!!!!
What can I do to move Congress to act decisively and offer significant help to PR? I'm in a blue state. I've  donated. What else can I do?
He has got to go. This is not a president.
People there say false political narrative. Same death toll of 16 for the past week. Doing best they can for no power or fuel.
#Fearmonger of LIES. Pocahontas  is a flat out LIAR. 
Sounds like Chicago
