The plutocratic oligarchy,which buys politicians & elections with big money, is winning. We have the best political system big money can buy
Ask Hillary!! She had more $$ than the mint & still couldn't buy the election
She did not have the free airtime nor the pass given trump by the media. Plus she shares $ with other dem candidates.Trump is paying lawyers
All she had to do was ask
She wouldn't go on TV shows hardly campaigned thought she was a shoe in
You are right. She had a habit of sticking her foot in mouth when she did campaign. They probably muzzled her.
Oh please. She runs rings around half these men, including sanders and trump.she just has to "behave like a lady" while they can let it rip
She's like someone who can name every part of an airplane, tell you its function, but can't design one or fly it. She's not that bright
Shes a genius politically. And you.prefer a bumbling novice. For prez!!!! My god
Just like every republican before him. Whoever said hes not a politucian doesnt know how much biz plays in our gvt.
Isn't that what Obama did? Soto hot Keagan 9 th circuit
Sotomyor
Yes they are, and Trump just proved you can win with 1/4 the money Hillary amassed. So lose the neolibs. We don't need them or the corps.
Get em Liz
I wonderbwhat George Washington would say about Trump?
Hang him
The proverbial 1% have their foot on the throat of this nation and until we can re-establish a viable middle class we will be their victims.
You can't do that in a nation full of parrots squawking socialism is bad and small business is the  backbone of the nation.
Great point
What's really sad is Dems played by the rules and Mitch dumped them at first chance. Now we will have conservative judges
They've never played be the rules!! Only their rules!
Gee, Harry Reid never changed the rules in the Dems favor, did he?

Good. Keep it away from the socialist, tyrants and communist liars.
Have you seen the illegal things the Democrat party has done
Warren doesn't care abt what Dems have done she to is guilty

She's nicknamed Pocahontas because she lied about her ethnicity
I am not wealthy nor well-connected, but I take Trump over you any day.  People like you are tearing our Country apart.
What you doing other than "nipping" and complaining.  U ve changed.
You are so delusional
BS Warren - please QUIT talking!
Until Dems make conservatism a bad word,I will withhold my support. You cannot work with these people. When will Dems learn?
You are totally right, Sen. Warren.
It's kind of like you claiming to be a Native American to gain an undue advantage
If this illegal administration is allowed to continue, we'll all be enslaved to the oligarchy. Even the constitution won't be spared.
Oh geez Liz, lighten up.  He is trying to help everyone including your DACA and Obamacare folks.  Work with him not against him. Get results
Liz why do you think you're the only one that knows what's going on? You're just dividing people & inciting hatred!!
Fix it! Trump must go, otherwise America will be gone.
I can't believe anyone still buys his "drain the swamp" b.s.
Open your ears and chats your mouth
You know Elizabeth Warren I wish you would wise up and stop trying to play everybody against each other
lol  saw the video of you top 1 %
Good bye Elizabeth... yak yak yak
You and .@HillaryClinton just raised a shitload of money. Why aren't you helping the #DACA relatives in #Mexico? .@VicenteFoxQue
Because we've homeless American veterans that should come before illegals' relatives. Damn that's a stretch.
Okay, man, I have friends like you. Didn't you get my snark? I run into homeless vets like you in the streets and I talk to them. Friends?
*falls over* Guilty as charged.

You are one of the wealthy!  Do you have Obamacare? I think if all you democrats are for it, you should have that coverage for yourselves!
Says the 1%er
In all the things @realDonaldTrump is doing, this by far is going to be the most damaging. His 1st qualification is bigots.
Horrid comment
Didnt republicans already remap voting districts to gain favor(cheat)?  This is not the same country 
I grew up in
I think you're confused! Maybe delusional
We all know that is the truth, yet it seems our elected democrats are powerless 2fix it. Get rid of Trump and his swamp he brought with him.
 highest per capita income/wealthiest counties outside CA are in and around DC. Long before Trump got there.
Could be. But he didn't create the swamp. And you tell me how elected officials become multi millionaires " serving" the public.
Stealing from the people, money laundering, treason,serving themselves while getting paid to serve the people, dirty foreign deals,kickbacks
Currently Democrat courts tip the balance in favor of local government bureaucrats, the ones who at citizen levels, betray us and abuse us.
Wealthy and well-connected, sounds like a fake Indian I know
While @realDonaldTrump says nothing about congressional reps not standing for the pledge?! No, dt =dumbTURD
You are NOT working for We The People Senator Warren!!!!  Your going to be voted OUT!!!
Senator Warren is my hero!
Well that should work out good for you then #doublestandards
You and other sycophants tilted them toward our fiscal destruction.  It's time the ship were righted.
Trumps a pansy a hypocrite he's should resign
Do you ever tell the truth? Do you even know what it is anymore? Get out of your millionaire bubble.
Your FOS ! Dems have infiltrated our teaching, legal, nat'l security, media, and use it to destroy all others, fascists!
And to tilt our healthcare that way too:(
Isn't that how you would do it?
Very perceptive, Pokey! Get ready for a permanent Muslim:Refugee ban. Coming to a border near you next month! Prayer in schools to follow!!!

Like what. Evidence please.
Find out who in GOP have ties to Russian$$$$ and expose them b4 midterms!!
Like yourself you phony
Go crawl under a rock and go away!
The GOP has been by the Oligarchs for decades. That's how we got to this place. Follow the money. The Kochs have won most of the time
Drain the swamp and you are a part of the swamp @SenWarren
The poor will eventually rise from their boxes and tents in the streets.  Government has failed us all.  They fight wars that mean nothing
America First
You mean in favor of the constitution. If you don't like a law change it through congress and the senate. Liberal judges are activists. BS
That is to keep the courts out of the direction of liberal whacko's like you Lizzy
B.S, like you party would Tilt the courts in liberal favor of the liberal establishment to benefit your pathetic democratic party.,
Like you
If that's the case, you're sitting pretty!
Or even worse for you, in favor of the Constitution
You remind me of CNN, FAKE NEWS AND  LIES
And we need to stop this.   https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-ceo-pay-versus-typical-worker/ …
Even FAKE Indian history professors benefit.
It’s #POTUS to you Warren.
You mean to favorite people like you?
Sen Warren, can you finally shut up ?! Your incessant whining about Pres Trump is very old ! He’s doing a good job, so zip it !
So...End the State & take that level of power away from any one person
That would be YOU!!
Where does he belongs he has to protect his class
Yes, it's a horrible situation for our courts but then again you and Bernie persuaded just enough people not to vote for HRC. Here we are.
And your lies about President Obama and refusal to stand with Hillary early helped them.
You're right. But it really feels like it's all too late. The left is fragmented & fighting over whose issue is most important.
I know Elizabeth you like the courts to be on the side of illegal non citizens and thugs. Wealthy people are not evil Wealth is capitalistic
B/c they aren't wealthy or well-connected enough
Awake leviathan WAKE UP! America! 
More lies
"Wealthy and well-connected" - you?
Unfortunately it has been happening for many years. Hopefully DT blatant disregard of decency will change this
Yeah.  And you voted for that inflated defense budget. Big disappointment.
when will they have enough - only when the rest of us have nothing?
They win by pitting the poor against each other.
So... people like you.
ASSHOLE POCAHONTAS
Can you please explain your vote in favor of increasing the military budget more than what Trump asked for it?
And that senateMajLdr pushing that #GrahamCassidyBill though
Courts r only thing that has stopped trump n he knows their power so he's busy tilting scales-supreme court influence scares me too
Oh Lizzie, as is court pandering is a political equation. It is one of color, as in GREEN. Follow the greenbacks. Your destination is clear
Their goal for America; rich, white, healthy, male. With the exception of female robots like Melania.
Someone has no knowledge of what is really going on it might not hurt your brain to actually listen to the other side instead of Lizzie Beth
What happened to the promise made during the campaign, that insurance would cheaper and cover everyone with better care?
Oh, and liberal judges don't twist and manipulate the law to benefit illegal aliens and criminals?
Then wreath them in Garlands.
How is that diff than what Dems do when they stack the courts?
Yes. Yes. Yes. Live with it.
I assume u are referring to appointing judges who follow the law and not just their feelings. Thanks @POTUS


We need legislation to reverse the citizens United decision. We need candidates who refuse big money funding.
Like you poor!!
In other words, in YOUR favor.
That's the advantage of winning, you should try it sometime. lying Pocahontas!
You can't talk about wealth when you just voted for a bill that increases military spending.
Sounds like your taking about yourself and the dem party.

Yes they are @SenWarren ! Which why I am still disappointed with Pres Obama bc he didn't give us Garland when he had the chance. #VoteDem
Well we agree on one thing Obama was a great disappointment to many n now what's coming out about all the illegal wire taps more will be
WHY don't you do something for American's except take your taxpayer funded salary? you are a multi-millionaire with GREAT insurance
Does USA really contribute to Israel's health care?  How can this be? We need to fix ACA. 
You're funny,all the billionaires r lefties & in your party Bezos, Buffet, Gates, Cook, so what the hell r u talking about.@realDonaldTrump
Trump's UN Speech: Rhetoric of a Dictator by @TheJasonCarney http://progressivearmy.com/2017/09/20/12871/ … via @ProgressiveArmy
This is their forte. Must be stopped.  People need to wake up!!
You and Pelosi have to be 2 of the most ignorant lying women ever born.
Where are the facts to support such a claim?
Don't Congress members have extended family members this will hurt?  Why are they so morally bankrupt? Like you give up your brain & heart
That's a shocker!
Then Elizabeth according to your tweet the President of the United States and his allies are going all out to take care of you & your wealth
Turning the courts in their favor is an important step for budding authoritarian regimes. Jussayin'
I'll say one thing for Trump,  I've never  been so engaged with the politics of my country
Oh no
It’s embarrassing to have to tell a law professor this: courts don’t make policy. They interpret law. Liberals want courts to do policy.
We're in the middle of a GOP coup. Can't believe there aren't even 5% of GOP in Congress who put Americans before billionaires
...and district shopping isn't doing the same thing? Get a grip.
Isn't that what all presidents do? Attempt to tilt things to their own perspective
And you in congress are all lining your pockets with cash! TERM LIMITS! Go Trump!



Russian involvement in our elections with help from Republican president and his family. All Republicans don't seem to care. Dems silnt agn.
That is not a proven statement but go ahead and try misleading more people with your yak yak yak
Oh 'Ms 1%' you have already embarrassed yourself om Boston news...but keep up the good work the more obvious Dems hypocrite is the better 
I think there might be a greater consensus (influence) by appealing to the values of our American Revolution. Which this GOP does not abide.
SCOTUS hands the presidency over to a idiot from Texas, Dems cave. Leader of Senate does everything to make Obama fail Dems silent...
Work hard in school, get a good job and give half of your check to those who didn't. How stupid is that?#yourwaysucks
How'd your private meeting with the JP Morgan and Chase guy go, BTW?
Liz, is your statement about following the money only
about Trump, or is it about Hillary and all the other
politicians of BOTH parties?
@J0ann3 @realDonaldTrump global #conservative agenda #cdnpoli
Global right wing agenda that favors the rich at the expense of everyone else.
CONGRESS NEEDS TO STOP HIM NOW AND FOR ALL
Lol same old song of lies. You forgot to say trickle down. Lol.
You’re wealthy!
Aren't you one of those wealthy & well-connected Liz?

Please don't fabricate.....Thats an old slogan, but update yourself to Trump for middle class....
Maybe the POTUS is just trying to tilt the table in the direction of individual freedom, did you ever think of that?
Expecially since he's placed people in those positions to further his rotten cause.
Yes, that's why we just need to move to another country.  It's never going to get better.
They envy the Russian oligarchs, they've turned their woman into gorgeous slave bots for drugs and shoes
Out of the mouth of a wealthy, well-connected, one-percenter.
Since they're tilted that way already I have to deduce that you just want wealthy liberals to benefit.
@VlanTrunk @realDonaldTrump his base doesn't care bec they worship the wealthy. Just like women who only date ppl w/money! Sheesh
Hasn't it always been that way? Whoever has the most money wins. Side note, how is lobbying legal? Cash for favors

The wealthy? How much do you charge per class or speaking engagement? Pot meet kettle, Fakeahontas.
How sad to think MONEY will define America.  We cannot let it.
This Senator is always looking out for middle class on every issue
SHUT HIM DOWN
Yes, The SWAMP is bigger than ever.  Robbing the Poor to pay the RICH.
While Obama and the left used every tool to tilt the courts to the left getting us closer to Venezuelan style justice
Wealthy &connected? Sounds like you chief hypocrite
Well it looks like u win then old girl #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Great example of how are gov't is broken - literally a handful of politicians have the citizens/people's back - complete disgrace
Are the wealthy and well connected not deserving of representation?
The Opposite of what Jesus Christ Would Do ! @Pontifex @JohnKasich @chucktodd @SenatorCollins @@SenJohnMcCain @GenMhayden @DavidWilkerson
I don't think you can call those that work with the GOP "allies"; The correct term is "ACCOMPLICES".
I guess wealth begets more wealth and poverty begets more poverty in Trump's playbook. 

you mean Trump is helping your friends Liz
Says one of the wealthy and connected.
Your blowing smoke again
Senator, any chance you could try playing inclusive instead of divisive politics.
and you all use the intelligence agencies as a weapon against the GOP Pres. Candidate and cheated Bernie, crawl away and shut up
IF that were true you are part of that crowd so that makes you happy. Net worth $8.75MM source CNN
so horribly frustrating, when did people stop being humane
Stop him then
So did you vote for the 700 billion military increase?
Here's a new concept Liz. How about the courts "tilting" in favor of the law and Constitution and not your political ideologue ?
So has the the Dems! What's good for the goose is good for the gander!
The courts don't need to tilt, they already passed Citizens United, which is destroying America.
And you voted for 700 billion for the military which is appalling For shame!
That child will not see adulthood(those plans will fail)!Evil is what THE LORD HATES & @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is pure evil!
No surprise to me!! Bunch of crooks
What ever takes
Democrats have to stop voting in favor of his nominees for anything. Anything at all.
That's you
