#Trumpcare had it covered.
We will close the border and reduce ALL drugs, hence end opioid crisis You can't see the big picture because of ur hate
we need more democrats with guts. If you are the party of the poor and disinfranchized then stand strong and stay on message
U had  8 yrs to fix it. 
Where were u then?
.@SenWarren  #RxForDisaster  #NotInsurance4All He doesn't care #smokescreen #GoverningHarderThanCampaigning Focus: #taxreturns #investigate
it's disgusting hearing Reps say "they would rather see #Obamacare completely collapse than repair" again hurting REAL PEOPLE!
That's right. Obama rammed those pills down people's throats, just like Trump is now! #Simpleton
@JATK1786 Hey Pocahontas, what have you Democrats done to stop the flow of heroin from Mexico? Absolutely nothing!!
If ObamaCare is so great ......why aren't you covered
under it ???????
And Big Pharma has nothing to do with this.  They are just a culpable as the dealers are.
obamacare is in a death spiral.
yes I am one of those people. A chronic pain patient.
Why did so many people become drug #addicts on #Obama's watch?
"We're going to make sure our addicts get the BEST opioids! Opioids for everyone! American addicts FIRST!" --#Drumpf
we have an opioid elimination gap.  Teach your children well...
They see this as a solution not a problem. Dead addicts are far cheaper to bury than treat! Sooooo sad
yes
That's what the wall is for ...Senator Dumb
Did you read the new budget? With special provisions for drug treatment?  Why do you not know this and I do????
And what about the mental health care that so many need and is directly related to addiction?
AGAIN UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT did nothing for ppl addicted opioids what WILL help boarder wall stop drugs coming over boarder!
So now I have to pay for someone else to have opioid treatment???? Why is this my problem I'm not the drug addict
i would like to know your pharmest is,i would to get some of the wacky ones you take.
please!!!! Don't let them pass this!!!!
What about my mental health care? I have clinical depression among other things, should I just go kill myself now?
People suffer from an epidemic created by the pharmaceutical industry as it's ALWAYS BEEN PROFIT OVER PEOPLE ALWAYS
You don't need to convince me I'm a proud Democrat. However, my relatives in Mass. believe every man for himself and a nurse too.
solution , put the opioid users in jail for 3 months that will clean them out and fix their problem. Tuff love.
I work and pay taxes and I don't care about entitlements, opioid treatment doesn't work take a look at relapse numbers
Yes your right, you thank Obama care for that, but I guess you didn't read it after it passed huh?
@MAHAMOSA Cannabis might help. At this point the government will not help those communities or families. #Trumpcare
The issue is there is stigmatization of chronically I'll becuz that condition can place them in position of poverty.&amers dont like t/poor
you liberals are to blame for drug abuse,push to legalize drugs,glorify use in movies,anything goes until you die from addiction
Fed Govt has no Constitutional right in healthcare, is responsibility of States or the people. #ACA & #trumpcare Unconstitutional
(I actually support what you said. You are my favorite sen. I just couldn't help myself with the Dr. Strangelove reference. ;-) )
(I actually support what you said. You are my favorite sen. I just couldn't help myself with the Dr. Strangelove reference. ;-) )
Do you have an opioid problem?
Jail medical staff then who over medicated
You have mentioned opioids many times, do you have a addiction?  I know it's in all wak of life. So sad what it make people do.
Planned Parenthood = Whores shitting out kids for free food stamps, money & housing, on the government dole working the system!
tell Portman.  He always acts like he cares about addicts and their families
a serious and complex one..
I will prob b screwed.Self employed. 2 kids. Make 2 much for assistance 2 little 2 pay high. Haven't had ins my adult life until #Obamacare
Major problem along the interstate highway Fri Hartford to New Hampshire & Vermont
You Betcha...
but if that happens, judges, police, lawyers etc will be out of jobs. They don't want to see that 'epidemic'
it's not always about healthcare. If you want to curb the epidemic, tell your colleagues in the L.E to stop it coming in
Ironically all the pillbillies in this country voted for @POTUS &they will be some of the hardest hit people if #Trumpcare passes
it will give working Americans a better insurance exclamation point
don't forget one of the republicans cheerleaders had a pill addiction Rush Limbaugh most republicans are drug addicts Y they lie
great to hear you finally discussing the opioid epidemic
Perhaps if the drugs didn't come across the border would be a good start to stop the problem. #BuildTheWall
Saw a patient today whose life is at risk because of her adult child's drug addiction.
what does ACA do for opioid treatment now? Nothing. And it's not Trumpcare it's AMHA
one extraordinary healt cate expert you should talk with is John W Bluford. He created the first self insured healt plan #MN 1989
Help us get insurance out of Healthcare. It is the reason costs are rising. Blackmailing state insurance collectives & citizens.
it's not up to a government to fix ppls mistakes with that stuff
We are struggling becuzbyou refused to secure the borders and now we have a drug crisis
hmm opioid addiction sounds like a bad personal decision.  Like electing a Native American imposter.   Not my problem
Voters will be on the hook for the uninsured once again, just like b-4 hence, #SoCalledPresident will double Insurance cost?
Hopefully they will be judged accordingly in 2018
how is that a federal government concern?
Thread:  Thank you for your advocacy Senator. Trtmnt 4 opioid addiction important, & also requires funding scientific research.
Please see documentary , Busine$$ of Recovery,  which thoughtfully examines why it's crisis & why current approach isn't working.
there's an opioid crisis because regulations or lack of them are being taken advantage of. Money over humanity. #resist
that is your major concern? Really screw honest hard working Americans? You are a joke!
liar propagandist pandering for votes the lowest form of politician
Can u please NEVER stop trying to get Trump's taxes, please?
The more time Trump is in the White House the more people will start using drugs.
It's also time to wake up to the reality that legalizing marijuana will do more to lessen opioid abuse than anything else.
Sadly, Repub's could care less about our poor, elderly or mentally ill. We get it, & I hope the American people will "get it" too
u know the bill isn't going to pass, so can the focus b on Russia & press to get out of committee @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
It was a nightmare all the years I pleaded with insurance companies for help for my husband (2005-2008). A total horror show.
in OHIO for real. Hope @JohnKasich , @robportman , and @SherrodBrown will realize this and oppose it.

Maybe they should stop using drugs.   Just a thought
Once again, under the DemocRats, personal responsibility has morphed into a public obligation.
there's a problem because there's no wall. If there was a wall there be less of a problem. The blood is on your hands
24 million people are on Heroin?
this needs to be emphasized. The opioid crisis is a salient issue in many communities, yet too often overlooked by politicians
Do you have ANY idea what Obamacare did to middle America? To ppl who no longer get care b/c can't afford premium or deductible?
typical 35000 foot view of a dunce contributing nothing to the debate but kerosene
An "opioid treatment gap" under Obamacare? Could you be lying about this?
We have considered it, Senator. What are you and other Democrats doing to protect your constituents, and fight this?
Not sure what you mean. I finally got access to necessary pain medication after much hoopla, hullibalooh, and red tape regulation
you are a hero
Its more than just that.
They will be deviated. The rest will be be hit hard. Hospitals & clinics will close. States will buckle or cut funding 2 the bone
omg saint poco tks
they don't care. Not until their wife, husband or child become addicted
in all honesty, the Bill should be called #Trumpdontcare
#trumpswampycare
Lack of help for these people will also hurt employers who think Trump is a win for them.
let them CHOOSE whatever care they can buy which will be worlds better than what u & ur politically elite cronies have provided
YES WE DO
Mental health coverage, a standard now, will be optional, cost more, and unaffordable for those who need it most.
#Trumpcare
FAKE NEWS
why did you back @HillaryClinton anyways?
consider what Obamacare will do to families that worked while those crack heads got high everyday!
I hope Dems continue fighting Trump because 2018 is going to be another windfall year with more Dem seats lost, especially Senate
Keep telling yourself that until u actually believe it
We need to talk about @realDonaldTrump tax returns now. I can't believe he only paid 38m
.@SenWarren these people -some like Paul Ryan- love Ayn Rand. They believe in objectivism. They don't care about people only themselves.
How about your peyote treatment, Chief Spreading Bull?.......
consider what trump is doing now to all Americans,  ENOUGH TALK, we need ACTION! #stoptalking #americanswantaction #sickofthis 
Consider what the hell Obamacare did to the USA. So 20 M lose insurance, 320 M do not want PP&ACA yet you forced us to take it.
How can we have an opoid treatment gap when we have Obamacare?? Are you saying that Obamacare does not cover treatment??
support deporting illegals that sell this garbage to our children
stop drugs consumption , stop smoking weed, stop sending illegal weapons to Mexico. Stop US Hypocresy
is that like the missile gap or the mineshaft gap
we just need to get standardized health care for all. I believe we can figure it out, w/out insurance companies getting rich.
the drug problem has been an epidemic for over 40 years
support the WALL to keep drugs OUT
Why did you vote against the Opioid bill then.....???
GOP thinks poor, minority, elderly, disinfranchised are disposable. #trumpcare #Ryancare
Yes, but we're not stupid and we don't accept their view!
What about the skyrocketing premiums for families?
yea killed my mom., how about they stop demonizing weed it could really help millions
mine too. Take the money out of the crooks hands an put it in treatment, interdiction, prevention
yes I agree
Opioid Bill that I worked on is now the law. #Tatiana
This is from #FoxNews even they show what a huge burden this will be on those approching retirement, or in retirement
#Trumpcare
awwww, don't we feel sorry for big pharma?!
consider that the states with the largest opioid problem voted t-rump. Surprise!
. trumpcare is a killer plan Senator. Literally.
they. DIE
hey but @USAGSessions is going to go after legal marijuana...
You are a HACK!  Just retire.
tell em Liz
Obamacare kicked MILLIONS of their insurance. You didnt give a F*ck then.
