Took a break from attacking President Obama to actually focus on your job, I see.
This is a tragic moment for so many people.Are you that unfeeling, really, Lisa???
#NoACHA
What are you talking about? I don't support the AHCA. I also don't support attacking Obama.
I simply said why r u attacking her when we should be mad as he'll the GOP screwed so many ppl today!
Better question: why did @SenWarren spend the week before the AHCA vote attacking the man who gave us the ACA? Keep your eye on the ball.
I know. I saw, heard, commented. U continue 2 miss the point & I give up...
I'm not the one missing the point. 
How old r u, 10?
WE ALL  need to file a "class action" lawsuit against the @GOP AND ALL THE PEOPLE THAT VOTED FOR THE THIS HEALTHCARE BILL  when we lose ACA
Great idea, Malabu! I'm going to find out if poss. However, I don't think you can sue a representative.
we if they affect our life's and life  husbands case he will die with out ACA help we should be able too
I agree. I didn't think it would go through the House. If it goes through Sennate, then we're screwed!
Did the earlier one also remove pre-existing conditions protections? I thought that was new to this version?  It is all so unspeakably cruel
It had nothing for pre-existing. u would pay what insur co. wanted 2 chg u according 2 what condition u have
Obamacare is the Cruel Healthcare Extortion Bill the Progressives Rammed Down Our Throats. IT'S TIME TO REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE
She's not American Indian!  I'm a card carrying American Indian,  and she insults my intelligence.

It passed. Too busy dumping on Obama?
.  Thanks GOP. YOU WILL ALL BE VOTED OUT! Watch! She is in the Senate not Congress. You must be a republican.
A little bit of fake news going on here
Rise up people they can't pass this insane healthcare bill and harm so many people!
Lies Lizzy!
It also guts Public Health, truly rotten evil people to come up with this plan. Why does the GOP hate the poor so much?
We we finally going to repeal the mess Pelosi & Reid made of our healthcare system. GO GEOFF!
Does NOT strip healthcare coverage for ANYBODY!!! Read the damn bill!!
You're wrong. Where do you information?
You are such a PHONY!!!!! I'm embarrassed that you represent my country. Keep preaching your BS, no one believes Dems any more PHONNNNYYY!!
Wow!  You look like a crazy nutcase,  you're jealous because Trump is doing a fantastic job.  We can't survive much longer with Ocar.
Why are you trying so hard to divide the country??? Is it worth the political gain to destroy everything you hold dear?
What's up in the senate? Single payer. I'd like to see those cost .
It doesn't strip coverage from millions. It's millions who will be switching to other plans better plans lower-cost plans with more choices
It's not done yet. It has passed the House, but the Senate will have their way with it....it will be months before we know the outcome.
Simple-minded bullshit.
Apparently reading comprehension is not your strong suit. Lol, like you actually read it!!!!
Give me a break!  That's not true and you know it.
it definitely isn't encouraging that the freedom caucus is on board with this version
I agree with Michelle B. Freedom Caucus want NO INSURANCE!
I mean, they probably do want healthcare, but only on their terms and only for those people rich enough to purchase it.
GOP LEADERS are a cult. Like Scientologists! #gopISaCULT
liar! You ruined lives of working Americans!Get people to WORK to EARN healthcare, NO nanny/Just like you 2 enslave
Ok Pocahontas
How do they know if they never read the document but still voted yes to appease the big LIAR? #GrabYourWallet
Exactly and I have Medicaid now!!
Work on that IMPEACHMENT Sen.Warren - once the demon is out the rest of the garbage can follow! #trumpDONTcare #impeachtrumpNOW #trumprussia
And what about all the ppl who lost their HC under ACA? Didn't see Dems try to fix it. Oh yeah.. single payer 
Kiss it Pocahontas you've been grubered
Please block this in the Senate, filibuster. right  in  McConnell's ear!
Don't call it Trumpcare he hasn't read it call it repubcare this is all their fault as r most problems with the ACA
LIES! MacArthur Amendment. You should check it out
The obstructive pimps are all awake. This people are only about their power. They know Obamacare was collapsing, but won't tell you. Frauds
Same as the POS bill Obamacare! Lighten up fauxhontas
need to put more funding into Medicaid for those relying on it
Lies lies lies
yes it is this time they paid their fellow Republicans to make sure they voted the right way! Follow the money.
If you guys really want to solve the drug problem: build the wall and fund withdrawal centers and NA programs
They worked out some type of deal! It's beautiful they love it! Smh we are doomed
Yes. And the parents are so PROUD of their baby!! *Sniffffff*
So deplorable!
Tax breaks for those that don't need it and billions of dollars in aid to other countries but those here that need because of lack of
Or lack the opportunities sit on the edge not knowing what to do next!  I am asking those who know how to please join me again in prayer
Is every one in congress so corrupt that they would support this travesty? Decent people could not do this!!!
we the people can't afford to keep the crap insurance you shoved down our throats like criminals in the night. YOU LOST
You are an idiot.
We need univ healthcare!
First step in repealing and replacing Ocare which was passed to kill the middle class!
Cruel-dude-in-Chief doesn't seem to help working class families.  We'll rate politicians by their actions, not their words.
People lost health care anyway
Actually, it's much worse! We all need to lean on all senators, GOP and Dems, to get vocal & vote it down ASAP!
Shameless, vindictive, and cruel- America the uncivilized.
If #ObamaCare was so great how come I pay an $8K deductible?  Good riddance to a horrible plan
I have always had a deductible of 6,000.  Even before Obamacare.
Mine went from 3-6-8K in five years. I will never see the benefit of my insurance unless I have a major operation. What's the point
I hope your situation gets better.  Keep me posted.  I retire in a few short years.  My premiums will sky rocket.
I can guarantee it is even crueler than AHCA1 b/c changes were made win votes of the Freedom Caucus (aka Tea Party). #SaveACA #HellNo2AHCA
Well please work hard to kill it in the Senate.
Bahahahaha Bahahahaha Bahahahaha Bahahahaha
I notice you don't mention any of the good things. Proves you care not for the ppl
Senator warren why have we not heard anything about congress and their staff not being affected by these changes. Sad
I lost everything to bankruptcy after my first husband died of liver cancer. This bill is amoral.
Tell that to families who work two jobs and still couldn't afford Obamacare. How is it you have remained a Senator for so long..
The 24million forced on it after having their freedom to choose taken from them?
Being proud of that number is being proud of anti-America.
The American Taliban strikes again! #AHCA #ReligiouslibertyExecutiveOrder
Sad that people votes were bought cause how else could it had passed. Grow some fuckn balls for God sake and deny all of it.
Than put something better forward.. All you do is block and whine...  I don't see left ideas out there...
What coverage?
An absolute must for the Senate to gut this bill. It's shameful!
Make sure it is defeated in the Senate!
NO ONE CAN AFFORD OBAMACARE!! DEMOCRATS FAILED, SHUT UP ALREADY AND DO YOUR JOB!!
I  that all of this is going on because FINALLY the republicans are showing their real stripes. Conservative my ass, they're all  whores
But it passed and NOW  you will not hear the end of it from the cheering section.
Lie-a-watha your hypocrisy is rich!!
No it doesn't. Only 4% of ppl have preexisting conditions, funds are set for them. Meanwhile 96% get cheaper premiums
@marcorubio #VoteNoOrLoseYourJob
Well Nancy says 24 million, you say millions. Where exactly are these numbers coming from. Please cite references. Actual plan Verbiage.
Frees people and States to make their own decisions. Back to a more #Constitutional form of government, but you wouldn't know what that is.
START A GO FUND ME PAGE BUY ALL THEIR INTERNET HISTORY AND POST IT WONT BE BREAKING THE LAW AND CAN U IMAGINE WHAT TRUMPS KIDS LOOKS LIKE?
I'm from MA but now live in CA. I'm a Libertarian, and so I'm not huge fan of IM. HOWEVER, without Medicaid, I'd have died of cancer. #facts
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Just Vote No, then use critical thinking to remove the "real" bad and keep the good. Lining pockets is not the way.
#AHCA wealthcare
Unthinkable!
Trumpcare Death Sentence!
WARNING ELIZABETH WARREN BERNIE SANDERS & CLINTONS Will RUIN USA WITH COMUNISM! IT HAPPENED TO VENEZUELA & CUBA
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Try not lying for a day you will feel better
Makes me fucking sick.
What swayed @HouseGOP then?  Desparate for a win,  I guess.  & w/ cngrss exmpt amndmnt,  they really have nothing to worry about.
This is nauseating.
To all the  GOP that call themselves Christians and voted YES for this... this comes to mind John 11:35 "JESUS WEPT"
Clinton wanna be = LIAR
#ApplicantHadCancerAlready #AtHomeCremationAvailable
Americans need to rise up and take charge!  Use your power and VOTE at every opportunity.
This is the true nature of the GOP.  Hopeful their base gets it now.
- Bye Bye Obama care ....jeez I am still not sick of winning!
@DanScavino Here we go again, "strips n guts" = Alinsky-speak tactics when no alternatives provided Walk the TALK¡¡¡
Breath, Liz.  Breath.  The GOP saved you.
Did you read that in smoke signals?
This version seems actually worse, if it opens the door to over-charging people with pre-existing conditions.

Remember every GOP Congressman/woman who tried to take away your healthcare in 2018!  #AHCA  #wakeup #resist
Some of those were democrats
I didn't notice dems, but if any dems voted for this despicable healthcare bill, those that did need to be voted out, too!  #voteoutgop2018
I was wrong. CNN reported that none of the democrats voted for it. Apparently, the Republicans can pass it in both chambers alone now.
Republicans just lost the house in 2018!
I'm so glad to live 30 min from Mexico for access to affordable care. Let's just hope no emergencies arise...
And, they celebrated with cases of beer.
Lizzy, This is an outrageous statement you know is a lie! Why lie?
I guess they're more afraid of a tweet than the constituents who are going to vote their asses out of office next year!
Come up with better!! Didn't think so
GOP believes the rest of the country has the attention span of the DJT voters (gnats) & hopes we won't notice-Apologies to gnats for analogy
blah??? howls the han smell??? #let'emdrown
So how many Dems are going to roll over this time?
#VoteNoAHCA
u should give the GOP a copy of ur book so they can have an ah ha moment!
THEN STOP IT
They're just trying to save face for Speaker Ryan #2ndAttempt...if it passes the House the Senate will eat it for lunch. #ACHA
Why havnt you also done anything in 7yrs to fix, another jaw flapper to get few minutes of tv fame #worthless government
But it seems Reps are not listening!!!
GOP House members now voting to exempt themselves from POS healthcare bill. Stunning selfishness and lack of care for people of the country.
OMG! Democrats know how to use Twitter! All you do is b*tch!
The Republicans don’t give a rat’s ass about our health care. They just want to check off some litmus test boxes and chalk up some winnin’.
We question their humanity as to those of us with compassion & empathy it appears they have no such qualities.They R sinister and malevolent
This bill sickens me just as Comey was "mildly nauseated" when trump won! I'm "grossly nauseated".
I am glad the #Trumpcare name is going to stick. Itll be a sick reminder to all those who suffer who is responsible #Reapwhattheysow
Does House GOP know that if they mess with retirement age folks,that a LOT of them have time on their hands to help fire the House?Times up!
Now that we are absolutely monetizing morbidity for profit, then we must find a way to go single payer like the rest of the civilized world.
Republicans are all traitors to Americans. Trump will convince his idiot voters that Obama is to blame and they're dumb enough to buy it
Protect those less able to protect themselves #VoteNoAHCA #LicenseToDiscriminate #lovenothate
And still give billions to the rich while the GOP keel Obamacare TrumpCare is another desater
Yes, 24 million Americans will loose their coverage! #VOTENO #Ryancare
No true u fool
If at 1st you don't succeed in privatizing healthcare 4 profit and a tax break for the rich and companies over voters wants....try try again
Bullshit, Elizabeth Warren, it's not the same and you know it.
It's MUCH MUCH MUCH WORSE.
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/860108917921206272 …
Question:  will the senate be able to overturn the congressional exemption?
And looks like the HouseGOP are cowards and only thinking of their party not the good of their constituents.
Poor lil Hoco Poco is still lying to her silly followers.
She knows she's a liar, but she hopes they're too ignorant to know, which they are
Obama care was cruel because you knew it wouldn't work, ya  didn't care and passed it anyway
...and allows insurers to boost premiums on those over 55 years old 5x higher than younger human beings.  Welcome to the jungle.
These scumbags need to turn on their phones and tell their constituents how useless they are
Resist!!!
This bill is going to bankrupt and kill people.
That's why they trying to sneak it through smh
Tweet Tweet! Actually, Liz. This. Bill. Is. WORSE.
So what was promised to these thieves to change their vote? Had to be something!
And just days ago you were focused on Obama getting paid for a speech...
Don't let them do it!!
You HAVE to gut it in the Senate!
Only now it's worse with cruel amendment that makes care more expensive for people with pre-existing conditions like rape, pregnancy, etc.
Do any of you people believe in self reliance! No where in the Constitution does it http://afford.you  healthcare!
but theres a tax cut for the rich damn it
