The credit reporting industry is broken and has been taking advantage of consumers for years. Time to do something about it.
How could you vote yes to increase the war machine?!?!
To protect our country it's not hard to understand that
Protect our country from all the nations we're invading, none of whom are invading us? Or do you mean our country's "interests"?
Interests
Ok, and you realize "interests" is natural resources, yes? Which belong to other nations, and we take what we want whatever the cost.
We don't our horrible people in the Gov. have done this . We are trying to stop it by getting new ideas in the Gov. count on it .we are
And disrupt Our Way of Life.  Some type of cloak and dagger Cold War tactic.  Like the downing of those Boeing 777 by those, rogue mercs.
We are not consumers. We are consumed.
Love her
WESTERN UNION TRANSFER HACK  http://unlimitedspeedhackers.blogspot.com/2017/08/western-union-transfer-hack.html …
My data and personal information should be protected like HIPPA.  And it can still be hacked, I did not give permission to collect my data
Thank you senator.
Fact 1.@equifax hack was inside job. 2.Congress will do a PRETEND inquiry resulting in NO PROSECUTIONS 3.More than 143 million were affected
You voted YEA to increase the already BLOATED Defense budget. You'd better support #Bernie2020 or risk becoming @SenSchumer w/ a V jay jay!
Thank you Mrs. Warren!!!
Don't thank her too soon! She's all talk.
Try to get through to Equifax.  Impossible.  Yet, TV ads with smiling models claim they will help.
Hackers are enemy government backed especially if their communist or dictated based, and not Democratic like Us and our Allies.  I don't
Said they stole that missile system from them somehow, when he knew he gave it to them, and told them to do exactly that.  Topple the
Along with China because they are communist.  This could be some type of guerilla financial warfare meant to topple all our finances.
You keep up the good fight!
Not all but a majority of it and them are a cold, indifferent society.  They show little love for their fellow Man.  So I'm thinking these
Government would help.  You know what he said to me, "We Don't care about Syrians, we Don't need Syrians.  We need salmon."  Russian culture
American Economy.  He did it that way so in the eyes of the rest of the World he could look spotless and not guilty for that heinous crime,
Russians rogue mercenaries, who somehow got their hands on that late-model surface-to-air Russian technology.  The Buk Missile system.
Madam Warren, have You given thought to a lot of these hacks and hackers could be rogue government backed.  Russia is a nation of thugs.
But your ok with the Government running every other aspect of ones life.
You are the 1% congratulations
@chuckschumer @SenateGOP @SenateDems pass this.
YES Credit Co's Should Not Exist. Can We Gather Sensitive Info On Corporations? U Think They Just Deal In Financial. NO EVERYTHING ON U
Yes its such a fraud on America ppl. They should be shut down and should be told if you cant protect data they shouldn't be able to collect
#???????????
They should not be able collect your credit data if they dont protect it. Its horrible 14 million affected by this crap.
We give them access when we ask 4 credit to b extended
Doubt it could be them.
He clued me in on the mindset of the Russian people.  I asked him what he thought about what was going on in Syria, and if he thought his
Of property destruction and murder.  I spoke to a proud Russian citizen while in prison, he was a correctional officer living in the U.S.
They downed those 777 because they knew they were still being financed from us by those Airlines.  And Putin, he doesn't fool me for a sec.
Thank you!
Yea, I want a bunch of libturds in charge of my credit reports. What does the first A stand for in Obama and DemoKKKrats ACA
Keep up the good fight Senator! EFX must be mandated to compensate all victims/consumer for time/money lost resulting from their negligence.
Republicans are recommending less accountability & fraud liability.  If you aren't in 1%, why do you vote for them?
#StopPropaganda #AwanBrothersAreSpies  #CongresIsComprimsed #StateSecrets  #NoImmunity4Treason ##NoSmithMunch
For once I agree with you,  stay on track this way and abandon the neo socialist agenda!!
Thank you for a first step in the right direction
ASAP? Are Joking? Congress couldn't make minute rice in under a week. God are you a flake!
TWO hacks. These criminals need the attention of Richard Cordray
what happens if this is cyber terrorism and all info is used in one day?  The entire credit system would shut down and banks would crash
Great I assume your all patting yourselves on the back for taking action. mpress the American people introduce legislation b4 we get scamed
Î
I couldn't agree more
You can't even answer Trey Gowdy's answer about macro and micro mgmt of financial gov't affair
you tell 'em, senator!
Amen!!
Yes it is. I registered and I haven’t heard anything over a week later. They need to just close.
I'm not leaving @facebook 
I'm asking that they be investigated.
Thoroughly. Great premise. So #DontCrapOnMyScrapbook

If only you hadn't named it "FREE". As an Independent, I've grown pretty wary of anything with the stamp of "Free" on it!!
Thank you Senator Warren!!
Thank you @SenWarren !!!!
Thank you @SenWarren for having our backs, especially during this time of "so much" going on in this country! Wish there were more of you!
Thanks for all you do! I froze all my credit accounts!
I never entered into an agreement with any credit reporting agency. I never asked or gave any of them permission to collect my data.
A college professor making $375,000 teaching just one course/semester is what's causing outrageous student loans! #Pocahontas #Liawatha
.
How can you rail against financial malfeasance, and vote for a $700 BILLION "defense" budget!?!
Senator Warren can you tell me how can I sue these people at Equifax where all my personal information is out there forever am a Vet
Can they read it?
Thank you Elizabeth Warren. How do we get around Equifax corruption & profiteering to find out now if we were breached?
Thank you, Senator Warren! 
You did nothing for my friend in MA when her identity was stolen; not even a return phone call
Consumers to get control of their data, such a novel idea. Need to tie execs pay of companys like equifax to be accountable for hacks.
This is well worth watching
Thank-you.
@DennisCardiff @Equifax 
Like we believe anything anymore!
trumpsters want deregulation. The Equifax debacle demonstrates why we need oversight - before Corp overreach destroys our freedoms.
Another battle to fight in the war against donald trump and his administration! MAY DEMOCRACY WIN!
I need to build up my credit
Thank you @SenWarren!
I wonder if I was still in Congress if the fake Indian would let me have pow wow's with her and Bernie
If you are willing to pay late fee, why are you punished with bad ratings. It should be fee or report. Consider that in bill.
Slow down there, Liz. Let's talk about your vote on "defense" spending. What the fuck were you thinking?
Ujjivan Financial Services partners with IBM & Equifax  http://www.indiannewsandtimes.com/2015/07/07/ujjivan-financial-services-partners-with-ibm-equifax-on-business-intelligence-predictive-analytics-to-enhance-business-operations/ … … @Benioff  @saleforce $IBM @GinniRometty @warrenbuffet
All talk. Would like to view FREE details. You know how "do not disturb" worked out?
When you throw in Waters credibility cut in half
Finally.  Warren doing something productive
Keep fighting the good fight of faith 4 those who need it!
@Equifax announcing the hack was horrible. Minimal coverage, half of American had to find out on social media that the hack even occurred
Yes Please!
Thank you Senator Elizabeth Warren.
By the way, #Equifax keeps giving me diff #'s to call cust svc. 8 so far. Delay tactic?!
One of their friendly operators are standing by in Bangladesh.  Remember, your call is very important to them, so please stay on the line!
Elizabeth for president!
Equifax should be shut down!
I've spent 10+ hrs on phone w/ Equifax over 10days. Still unable to activate free #TrustedID acct due me & cant freeze my EFX credit file.
Here's almost 8 hrs of these calls #Equifax

Go Llz! Thank you for watching out for us and taking action to protect us from and prevent exploitation from #equifax fiasco.
Warren, sounds like another lib deal, hurry pass it, don't bother to read it first!
Their fault but for a fee u can buy extra protection now SCAM also pay 4lawyer n more bs if identity was stolen smh again their fault tho?
What rly sucks is if u need a loan..credit companies r still using them to run credit checks...they haven't even fixed the last breach
another reason not rely on these agencies. Data usu wrong anyway; consumers have no recourse when they try to dispute.
Wow coming from the queen of nightmares that a big statement!
You talk a good game Liz-but you are backed by establishment otherwise you would be hanging out on the reservation. Sham politician
bless u senator
When you are the stock you need to be either paid or protected.
Holy shit, hell just froze over, I actually agree with most of what you said!
Why are all the seats behind you empty?  Doesn't anybody in Congress show up for work?
TY Sen. Warren. It's ludicrous that these credit chk co's have all OUR data, but we have to pay for it if we need it more than once a year.
The fact that hackers were able 2 access Equifax is appalling. They need to be held accountable. Thank u SenWarren 4 always looking out 4 us
wtf, do we have to lose?
Go gettem Senator Warren!
If we do not stop the institutions collecting our "data", soon we will be left even with no soul. They are greedy, because data is money.
Senator Warren for President!!! // #CyberSecurity #Risk is top priority!
The people's advocate. Lol. Gimme a break
Congress should pass this. They won't. Equifax can donate less than $100,000 to GOP campaigns & not have to face any new laws or punishment
Old Man Mitchell wonders is free BJ's count
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=83611 
Identity theft is not done to people by thieves.  It's done by banks to pass on their losses from thieves. Make banks responsible.
Thank you!
vote it down....
Why did you vote in favor of the $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
There has just been an earthquake in the North American Continent. Forget Mexicans and Californians, @realDonaldTrump cares not a fig.
Ok, so protip: end the ridiculous fraud against nature that is credit reporting & credit scores & fake ass monopoly money & really FREE us.
Damn.. I had no idea.
Sorry epa
I do not understand why the American people should pay anything for Equifax screwing us all. They should have to foot the bill and fix it.
I received letter in response to placing fraud alert . there was not one mention of hack. flabbergasted  - just business as usual for them.
Please do whatever you can, despite what I anticipate to be GOP pushback
Thank u
Well if it doesnt somehow benefit Equifax shareholders or hurt people its doubtful the Repub Congress will pass it
Thank you, Elizabeth.  You always stand up for the little guy/gal!
@SenWarren's #FREEAcf is something we should all support.
Pass this, NOW!
So Lizzy introduce a bill that eliminates credit ratings and the need for these shit data gathering companies!
You should be in charge of committee. Remember Wells Fargo. You were good at it.
Absolutely, Congress should have passed this Free Act already.
Thank you - from Mpls- Senator 
just read your book, you are a very intelligent woman, a great, wonderful lady full of grace and grits
I highly doubt Rs will vote for anything that favors the people over corps.
Once again consumers have to suffer, The credit check program is a scam it can ruin a persons future.
YES SO LEGISLATORS DO YOUR JOB OUR FACE BEING REPLACED GET THAT WE DONT WANT EXCUSES AT ALL WE WANT IT DONE RIGHT . NOW !!!
No, we need a law that states that you cannot use SSN or Birthdates as identifiers since both are useless at this point.
Nice, but the hacks will continue. What you need to do is pass a realistic budget for cybersecurity talent. Cybersecurity has no region.
Now I finally like something that you are trying to accomplish. Keep working hard and you might get the people behind you again
Thank you Senator!
Congress SHOULD. BUT these are the same traitors that are keeping Cheetolini in office. So they won't vote to help consumers.
I can't trust anything when pass it ASAP is ssid. Not after Obamacare.
Everyone should start out with good credit - only ppl who mess up should be in a database to begin with, your not in it = good credit
The credit check companies have too much control over our personal information and how it is used and interpreted.   Need a new way!
One of these years, you might get a bill passed. Persist.
Warren's own words stated she didn't go to DC to sponsor Bills....she's an opportunist and you folks are buying her nonsense.
Apparently you don't get sarcasm. Have you seen my tweets trolling the fake Indian?
This is shameful and there must be accountability!
I can happily get behind this. Thanks. #CyberSecurity is non-partisan
Please introduce a bill for two factor authentication for using social security numbers with financial transactions. At least a password.
SOMETHING TO PROTECT OUR MONEY AND DO IT NOW WE ARE TIRED OF WAITING FOR YOU TO DO THE JOB YOU ALL WERE HIRED TO DO
Credit agency are such bs!!!!!
Thank you for speaking up and introducing legislation, hopefully Congress takes action.
Must be trying to fundraise again.
Hacked companies should get hit with big fines. They make no real  effort to maintain and update their software and consumers get shafted.
You voted to give the defense budget a raise that could have given all Americans free college.  Wtf is wrong with you?
Thank you Senator Warren  I appreciate all you do for the citizens.  Been afraid this would happen for decades.
2.determine if a client deserves credit they should not be in business themselves. Equifax, Experian, TransUnion need to be abolished period

1. disband these organizations. no agency should have this much information on so many people. if the entities wanting to give credit
You've known for years! You said as much.
The "credit account Monitoring" programs are BS. Bank of America did same thing with a bogus monitoring program, they were sued...
It was found that their theft ID and card monitoring was bogus but charged $14.99 a month FOR YEARS.
Get real!
Go Elizabeth Warren! You are always standing with us. Thankyou!
Have u seen Lifelock,Credit Karma &other companies profits since this happened?the credit bureau's aren't the only 1's making $$$$ just fyi
Yes but Lifelock, etc. didn't *cause* this mess and then offer you their own product as a solution.  Big difference.

Thanks, Senator!
Wow, thank you senator for looking out for the people. If anyone opposes this, it will show where their loyalty lies.
Please stop talking! You are scratching the chalkboard again! You're simply a complete 0!I don't see one way you can contribute to anything!
Why don't you get government out of our lives instead of trying to run our lives. I wouldn't let u take care of my crap never mind my life
Agreed
Well if it helps main street there's not a chance that repubs will pass it.
Vi knew you'd be on top of this like a pitbull
@Equifax You guys messed up big time. @SenWarren you’re right. They need to make this right and fix this. Greedy & irresponsible. 
Absolutely
What do we do about the fact that our SS No and other data is out and for sale. It will be a problem forever.
Thank you for always protecting the taxpayers Senator Warren! Equifax needs to pay for this hacking nightmare!
She's not protecting you.....as always Warren is a day late and a buck short... Wake Up!
Ms. Warren,  I just want U to know when U throw your hat in the ring,  I got U!!!!!
In case no one told u they've to busy passing the death of obamacare at the momentMaybe after they get done with that and Medicare !
@SenWarren please look into why the execs who sold before the hack announcement aren't being charged with insider trading. Worse than Martha
Yes why are these head criminals are allowed to cheat all and not charged they infact are criminals Do Something about it Now
Thank you senator Warren!
Speak for yourself.
You'll jump on any bandwagon for attention.
Any chance ya'll can put up a government website with a searchable database of compromised identities? I don't trust Equifax's procedures.
Who's bright idea was it to put everybody's info online?   Another failed attempt by man. To be wiped out with a keyboard....

White nationalist graces us with their presence.
I am one of the victims, I hope this law passes
I think you are a total lying hack, but it's refreshing to see you propose an idea instead of a complaint for once
What's worse is they are charging people to monitor their credit so making money off of people they failed to protect.
Join us in our #FreeFromAll3 campaign for free credit freezes for all Americans. Sign the petition now:
