See Mrs. Warren it's people like you who jump at the opportunity to devide us that causes these problems. Trump denounced it move on.
No- he really didn't. You just heard what you wanted to hear. You probably don't think he lies, either.
He has denounced it several times, you refuse to hear it.
Tell me how he denounced it
Go to his twitter time line it's really not that complicated. @POTUS
Not one word about the KKK or white supremacist.
So you would be ok if he specifically called out antifa when they riot, or blm when they kill? He denounced hate! Move on.
Trump hasn't denounced anything
Never heard Barack Obama condemn black lives matters when they were killing police officers
Because they weren't.
Keep thinking that from your safe space where everything is OK.
I shall mourn the cops killed by BLM as I mourn for the victims of Bowling Green.
Wow how thought provoking, how inciteful, please write a book sir you have a real talent with written word for debate.
Take your meds and call your therapist. You are mentally ill.
How very privileged of you to invoke mental illness as reason to discredit another's argument when discussion has nothing for you to gain.


"I wish @POTUS @realDonaldTrump would just be clear on whether he denounces the KKK"
Here Leftist idiots...
I gotta do all the work for you 

We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
He won't, Senator. White supremacists are not only his base, but a good part of his administration.
What a brilliant response. Tell me: as you seem to be defending Trump and his hatred and bigotry, exactly how will he make your life better?
I get to watch people destroy themselves in misery, while moving ahead with clarity and well being. 
Who is going to destroy themselves in misery?
You poor liberals.  Apparently common sense is not in a liberal's DNA. 
Am I to understand you are defending not only the marchers with the Nazi flag(s) but the guy who purposely drove his car into the crowd?
See, like I sald, no common sense. You don't even recognize the absurdity of a statement like that. LOL
calm down, Fauxcahontas
He has shown whose side he is on and they know it
Ok lover of modern day slavery and the sale of blacks and slicing and dicing of 58,000,000 dark skinned people...you lying poser Pocahontas
and our own president OBAMA rather give money to the Muslim Brotherhood And U SAID NOTHING! PHONY
I am sick and tired of name calling and political correctness. By you and the rest of the Swamp dwellers.
I wonder why both Trump and Obama have certain words they refuse to say.
but you already know...
As long as you all let him be president without showing us his tax returns. He won't show us anything
The birth of White Supremacy, the Democratic Party! 
dude do you even use a search engine?

Not all white ppl r supremacists.
Stop trying to incite a race war. 
For political gain. You're shameless 
Get Congress & every @GOP & Dem 

Take down this russian traitor white supremacist bigot racist Murderer ing Potus NOW

People are dying
Just an FYI the American People have been paying for trumps "campaign" rallies he uses to build the hate & violence among his followers.
@RepAdamSchiff @RepCummings @SenWarren @SenateDems You must push a law to stop trumps rallies Remove His Powers Now & take the football NOW!
You mean the same way Barack Hussein Obama referred to radical Islamic terrorist. Your hypocrisy is oh so obvious. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
So is yours.
BLM is Black Supremacy - how do you ignore that and the fact that AntiFA is so violent?  Oh, yeah, George Soros runs those organizations...
Senator, many discussed this today & think that may even be a bit mild. Today was terrorism. #WhiteSupremacistTerrorism It's really trending
What Pocahontas? You can start by recognizing you will be defeated by a REAL Indian.
All he sees are potential votes. The dark shroud of this dark President has fallen. Begun, Trump's America has. I'm devastated.
He did show us. Time for you to believe him and get the traitors out of our WH. #ImpeachTrump #25Amendment #WhiteSupremacists #NazisIntheUSA
#WhiteTerriorism
How can he do that when that's his core base at this point. He's alienated everyone else.
Hey GUESS WHAT Ms. Mouth?!
REPORT: White Supremacist Leader in Charlottesville Jason Kessler Was Obama Supporter - Occupy Protester http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/08/report-white-supremacist-unite-right-leader-jason-kessler-obama-occupy-supporter/ …
Honestly you are a embarrassment to all women! Lying deceitful don't insult us with you're you're racist pinons. Such a liar
If you were sincere, you would talk about healing and coming together..not perpetuating the hate and division that causes all this.
Funny, avoiding confronting this country's racist past is what lead up to this.
I'm sorry, I do not live in the past
Therefore you can't learn from it.
Why can't FNC & the GOP bring themselves to call it what it is White Supremacists gone wild
"Gone wild" makes it sound like a flick about drunken white college girls spontaneously lighting torches and flying nazi flags.
He wont

How do explain the ANTIFA participation.
Oh, not ANTIFA????
They are his base- he will never call them out
Does someone have historical info on LAST time ppl wearing Nazi armbands...KKK. ..white supremiciststs
Rioted TOGETHER IN PUBLIC with Confederate flags?...add up the evidence & who embolden these radicals w/this behavior? #nuffsaid
You are a crazy woman !
And domestic terrorism
DLJ isn't&you know itYou are just rattling uninformed Dem votersThanks to social media your worn out tactics from 70's & 80's don't work!

B/C of DJT  there is NO longer a need to cover there faces. They stand proud.NEVER 4GET HIS RALLIES REPRESENTED HATE
And terrorism, there is no between the kkk and Isis both are religious terrorists. Nazis/kkk &isis have no place in USA. #IMPEACHTRUMP
You forgot to add black lives matter and antifa to your list. If you don't, your list is invalid.

White Supremacist Terrorist Groups
He showed whose side he was on besides miller, Bannon and sessions are on payroll
It is Naziism.
Oh, he DID INDEED show whose side he's on
Denounce the Democratic supported domestic terrorist Antifa
Everything nowadays Folderized under some form of Hate. Broad brush youre using to Replicate a Picasso with.
and domestic terrorism just as the same ilk did in Oklahoma City.
White Supremacy - funny even conservative blacks are label as White Supremacists.  Anyone else tired of these phony labels?
He doesn't want to blame or upset a good portion of his supporters
Pocahontas you have list your mind. Never have we seen a sign if this. Jealous becuz Hillary LOST!
Why? You avoided radical Islamic Terrorists. He condemned the act. Quit trying to brand all Republicans in your underhanded request
Or free speech and assembly - that little American thing we like to allow people to do here. He already disavowed the KKK. Allow <> Agree

That's billionaire.
On paper maybe we still don't know who he cheated to get all his money
Lol, it's funny how all presidents go into office and leaves millionaires. #allpoliticiansarecorrupted.

Why don't you come out and say you support ANTIFA?
How can @elizabethforma tell the Truth? She can start by admitting: That she lied about being an Indian while filling out job applications
We already know what side @realdonaldtrump is on.. the ALT-RIGHT side.. #Potus is unfit for office. 25th amendment now
8-10K neo-Nazis in US vs ~50K anarchist domestic terrorists(AntiFa). Seems the problem is less a Nazi one and more of a leftist one!
Okay, Pocahontas, you surely can see through people.
You freaking Nutjob!!
He has stop lying and listen to the truth
Thanks for your inspiration Pocahontas. Your tribe would be proud.
You are delusional. Oh, when are you going to pay back the money you received in college by claiming you were Native American?
Lots of substance there. Nice post.
Just get in from Charlottesville?
I think he's chosen sides Senator.
The way Mr. Obama called out Radical Islamic Terrorists?
Another ignoramus who does not understand Obama 's avoidance of string fires vs. trump pandering to sick voter base!
Lol. so 63 million voters are a sick voter base? U r not real, TROLL ALERT
.@JeffFlake & @tedcruz have. Hmm...running in 2020 against deplorable @POTUS? @GOPChairwoman has to speak out. She owns 45 & his deplorables
You,senator ar a real nazi.your president has to be neutral and thats What He is doing. You left extremist are the real danger
He HAS shown which side he's on, Nazis and Putin's. He's made that perfectly clear.
There is no such thing. We are all equal. Black, white, gay , or straight.
Elizabeth PLEASE help! We need to get this lunatic out of office !!!!
And you could call out each and every hate group! 
Your such a phony!
McMaster won't call the man who plowed down people in his car yesterday, an act of terrorism 
What the he'll! #McMasterIsACoward
ALL Hate is wrong!  Warren, You need to call them ALL Out #BLM. #KKK & #Antifa !
Why bother thinking he will do anything about this particular incident… He will never come against his base!
Your a biased fanatic... nothing this president says will be ok with you. He didn't invite to White House.
He is a coward.
At this point, I believe if he would actually call it that it's too little, too late.
White supremacist and Antifa never mix
He did show whose side he was on....and they thanked him for it. See? Found via Brannon's Breitbart...
typical leftism...exploiting tragedy & promoting divisiveness for political points
he's not gonna call his brothers out like that he thinks he's so slick and nobody can see the company he keeps!!
Nazis. They are Nazis.
The man is so desperate for approval, that he will accept the admiration from those who dwell in the evil bowels of the USA
White Supremacy Homegrown Terrorism
EXPRESS YOUR OPINION & END RIGHT THERE, DO NOT BE A WHITE SUPREMACY YOURSELF IN ADDITION OF BEING A COMMUNIST!
CF MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
BLM and Antifa are white supremacists? I never knew that.
Donnie, your friends started a riot. They don't like anything but white people. They voted for you. NOW CONDEMN THEM OR GET OUT OF THE WH.

For starters He needs to fire all the Nazis & White supremacists that are working in the White House
TRUMP ON
Muslims: THEY'RE ALL TERRORISTS
Mexicans: THEY'RE ALL RAPISTS
White Supremacists: THERE ARE MANY SIDES TO THIS.
#Charlottesville
@SenWarren Do you mean like when you called yourself a Native American?
if he now says white supremacy does that make him a good guy? Or is he just lying to go along & if so who cares
Proud of @POTUS statement condemning violence in VA. Very Presidential. Didn't take sides like Obama & YOU in Ferguson riots. Please run!
I think you have your answer then.
No, it's too late.  He is who he is. Can we stop playing games & play to win?
.And, the other radicals that were there?
Do you disavow them, as well?

He said ALL haters.
Inclusive, not divisive, as are you.
I don't need that traitor to show me anything, I have no doubt which side he's on.
Charlie Baker real quiet.  Though I haven't seen cable.  Marty Walsh mentioned it.  Nothing from republican governor?  Time to take notice.
Do you ever deal with normal people ?
Trump spoke live early Sat. Suspect captured much later. U do know 3 violent groups were present on "both" sides & vow "resist"? Ur speech?
No difference from BLM. Condemn both.
@TXBelle18 @realDonaldTrump He had that opportunity and decided to sidestep the issue. If call him a Nazi sympathizers
Exactly!
He is a derelict pure and simple.
Stop it!  Did you listen to his whole statement?
what the hell is it with liberals and white hate/white guilt. You Dems never stop.
When will everyone understand that trump is only for trump and the rest of the world can go fxxk themselves And he will never change
Can we please stop the division?
Nazis
Hope u r running for our next pres
Well for 1 he's said he on the #SuperCrookedRiches side ! His election speaks volume for itself ##Hatemongers #LepordChangingSpots NOT
He's on the side of non violence Liz. Maybe what you start saying Islamic terrorists he'll say white supremacist.
He cannot callout anyone who professes loyalty to him or admit there were only 2 sides in #Charlottesville good and evil.
Yes!
white supremacy, domestic terrorism, and it needs to be denounced by our government specifically, especially by the President.
Your terms continue to divide! Yesterday was evil violence at its worse!
I thought u thought labels incite. Example: Radical Islamic Terrorist. U can't have it both ways! Not to mention he did condemn them! U suck
They might hide behind the veil of white supremacy, for they see that as acceptable, but at its core it is terrorism.

It is terrorism.
It's been obvious since his campaign whose side he's on. These nazi scumbags are his people. He won't condemn them bcuz he IS one of them.
Aka "the base"
Would that be the originators or the responders?
It's murder you propaganda spewing windbag make sure you keep the tensions as high as possible that's what our leaders do #TermLimits #MAGA
The right divides us all. They sit & support the president, no matter what, no matter how stupid he is. @gop complicit. GET HIM OUT NOW
Uh...Terrorism first. A lot of you forgot there was a "pesky" little terrorist that bombed a Mosque in Minnesota a week ago.
, Trump won't admit to who Putin is nor will the call the VA. event what it is. Throw him out of our WH.
Don't forget to call out Neo Black Racist hate group BLM/Antifa Anarchists too...they are source of most hate in America and u r complicit!

He won't go against his base.
And a hate crime!!!
Thank you for maintains your steady and graceful contact with the realities we face.
Are you on the side of antifa? He would have to condemn them by name,  which would be interpreted as pro nazi. Condemn hate and violence.
He is a white supremacist with hand picked white supremacist advisors, so...
Inability to recognize white supremacy indicates @realDonaldTrump's lack of character. BEING character doesn't mean he HAS characters!
But he's ok with it. He sees it as a good thing.
Domestic terrorism...just like in France.  Intolerant extremism in different uniforms. We must end this in 2018!
Hes a national disgrace.When are you going to announce your 2020 run for President? We need you
Or by NOT calling it white supremacy. We all know what side he's on.
It should not take him so long to respond to this hatedred in the correct way.
How is it white supremacy at a white lives matter rally, but not black supremacy at a black lives matter rally?  That's hypocritical
Wtf is wrong with YOU!!!  Knock it off he did fine??  What did u call BLM when the preached cop killings??
Yeah and Obama would have said nothing and went golfing!
why didn't you call out to the #Resistance #antifa when they were rioting destroying committing violence not a word it was ok by you
Well he bungled that today... or showed his true colors... AGAIN
Why don't you start by condemning Black Lives Matter and Antifa? @realDonaldTrump has nothing to prove to you or anyone else!
He needs to be shown the door OUT.
Terrorism
Hmmmm, interesting point Ms Warren... does this also apply to your buddy Obama who doesn't publicly call Muslim extremists for who they are.
Since we're naming things. What would U call someone who claims 2 be of Indian descent 2 get affirmative action but whom is actually white?
So glad it's not your family of indians
He's not going to...he is a threat and needs to be removed immediately!!
....and when BLM is invited to the Obama Whitehouse, what do we call that?
AND denounce David Duke!
Why isn't the KKK designated as a terrorist organization?
He never will. He has been holding hands with the KKK since before the election. I wish he had made some statement about the nazi flags.
It appears, by his cowardly refusal to  to denounce white supremacists, he showing the world that he is in their camp#A part of his base.
And piss off his base? Not a chance.
Calm down woman . Hating on Trump , don't forget the Democratic Party history .
I believe he already showed what side he is on: the white supremacists side.
and ridding the White House of Bannon and S.Miller and their likes.
Call of the paid liberal goons.  The poor white trash protestors are brainwashed by the KKK. Black lives matters is out of control!
