And we need more @SenWarren !! thank you!!
We need Warren like we need hemorrhoids the morning after taco Tuesday.
Wow the trolling only took a few minutes! Thanks for the class!
You're welcome. We need to thank people like warren for their service when she's voted out of office.
And we need more well-educated, logical people like you - who get their news from credible sources.
Likewise, for people like you who get their news from Facebook, Twitter and Sesame Street.
Good one! I'm not really the one posting propaganda on Twitter though.
Neither am I. An opinion is not propaganda. However, calling me out for trolling - that's just passive/aggressive.
WHY YOU CAN LOOK THE OTHER WAY ON HRC & RUSSIA -OBAMAS WASTE OF TAX DOLLARS TO OTHER NATIONS- & PUT ME IN JAIL IF I DONT PAY? WHY? THIS ENDS
Why doesn't treasury put @wellsfargo and @berkshirehathaway in to conservatorship and take a net worth sweep of their profits? #fanniegate
Yes! Do it now!
We need you and Kamala Harris in the White House. It'll take two women to clean up the mess they are making right now.
What about Santander? You never mention the big bank headquartered in you state that has been the target of massive consumer fraud?
Santander is one of the banks that donates generously to you...A list of banks and their donations to you would be interesting to your const
Thank yout for all you continue to do Sen Warren. It is greatly appreciated
Please nail these assholes.  Especially the recently retired CEO.
you think there is a former Wells Fargo board member able to lead it?
Remember when the financial corporations wanted deregulation and promised they could regulate themselves?
Gov. Needs to put these crooks in jail asap!!!This is not right. Reg. People are going to think robbery is ok for anyone to do!!  Why not?!
Yes
Remember when bailout money was used at spas because the bank employees were too stressed out to work?
Yes #POTUS show us your taxes before you give new tax cuts plan.
Interesting that they found it while everyone is concerned about Texas.
We need corruption hearings for HRC and DWS
Congress also can't look the other way-YOUR WORDS- STOP OBAMACARE-FIX FDA-YOU PAY FOR YOUR HEALTHCARE-STOP FINES-PUT ALL IN JAIL WHO WRONGED
Excuse me but we elected and pay Congress to look the other way. It's what you guys are good at. It's your skillz set, with a z.
You mean like it did with Clinton corruption??? Gotcha again
This is more important than our sick ass president? Party over country
GOP love affair with bankers is eternal
Are you going to try and pin this on President Trump also,
Sit down.

"The servant's master will.. assign him a place with the hypocrites,
where there will be wailing and grinding of teeth."
Go get your freaking warbonnet b****
Did you call for it during obama administration?
We need to remove you since u are as corrupt as the banks !
How does any of that help me? Repeal ObamaCare! Let free market and competition drive down insurance costs. More Gov is NEVER the answer.
Case Study from Mgmt. 101.  Corporate Suck Ups Setting Short Term Policies so they Look Like Leaders when they are actually Destroying Value
Pocahantas knows banks from the inside.
When are democrats going to help American people?
are you running in 2020 Trump is Right no gay in military
https://www.thebalance.com/can-only-sons-go-to-war-3357014 … 
We're smarter than that, we put them all in your name..
From what I heard this morning @jimcramer will be pleased with a @wellsfargo hearing.
Stop picking on WF. Instead do something substantial. Like health care.
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr The continued fleecing of American citizens on your watch.  We The People will remember...
As long as the $$ is going into their pockets they don't give a shit about Americans
Time for Executive's to pay for THEIR Wrong doing Jail time.
GOP MUST NOW REMOVE TRUMP. ONCE THEY TELL WORLD HE'S UNFIT/INCOMPETENT IT IS TREASONOUS TO JUST LEAVE HIM IN W.H. BEING BABY-SAT BY GENERALS
Can you please ask GOP colleagues how they think they can tell WORLD TraitorTrump is mentally unfit/incompetent+then do nothing to oust him?
Will you call DWS up on ETHICS CHARGES or will you pathetic azzes sweep it under the rug like so many others have been done in the past?
Elizabeth take a DNA test make it public so you can prove once and for all that you're Cherokee Indian that you claim to be.
Congress meeds to investigate DW Schultz about her IT aid and what he was up to. National security issue.  No one is above the law
If you want to see progress on this, challenge @realDonaldTrump to speak out & get his supporters to pressure their representatives
There a reason they do look the other way. Take money out of politics. You want a campaign slogan that can win votes, that's it. Then do it!
You need to IMPEACH 45 NOW! 
#IMPEACHTHISMORONICARSE
It's not just trump. This is a hostile takeover by the likes of the Koch bros, tea party extremists, bigots & religious extremists!
Since the one with the former CEO was so effective.
YOU need to AUDIT THE FED! Shame on you for voting NO. $9 TRILLION doled out to banks, entities, countries the AMERICAN people could use it.
Wells Fargo needs to pay to the people they stole from, millions of dollars or more.
Whatever you say Pocahontas. You've done nothing but obstruct @GOP and now you want them to work with you. You're pathetic.
Look the other way???
Break them up!!
We also need hearings on all of the democrat voter fraud in the 2016 presidential election, investigate greedy,corrupt democrats.
yah that's what we need ANOTHER HEARING? Stop with the hearings that don't amount to squat and fix Taxes and Obamacare..lets start with that
WINGNUT
I think it would be wiser to look into bit coin it is the currency of hackers and cyber criminals!
Anti reg administration means businesses have license to steal, nothing you can do
Who do you serve if not the big banks? What side are you on in this #GameofThrones?
Stop yelling at them and bust them up. You've got a lot of sound bites of grandstanding. Disband this evil bank.
Shut up #FakeIndian. You completely look the other way when it comes to israeli racism and Apartheid in Palestine. #totalfraud
Give a rest Elizabeth. We'll fix your mess.  Concentrate on saving your party.Antifa and all your other bullshit ain't working.think people
What about the other financial crooks? They're still grabbing houses that AIN'T theirs! And zero help for the homeowners.
If you don't pay for it, it ain't yours either
Fake Pocahonta why don't you call fir antifa investigation?
Wow...Come ON. What are they waiting for? Oh right, by no accident Wells Fargo in fact owns people's souls who also work in our government..
Will you also call for a full investigation of the congressional credit union? #AwanBrothers how much $ is being laundered?
Time for Round 2 of this:
Kramer gave you a shout out this morning Elizabeth....I won't hold my breath but it was nice to hear
Thanks for twiddling your thumbs until Hillary was a foregone conclusion.
Go get them Sen. Warren, they need to be brought to justice for this, they knew what they were doing,they didn't care,now they're caught
We have so much going on, with this and the chemical plant avoiding releasing information.  Corporations are turning into enemies.
But congress can look the other way about you faking your heritage for #affirmativeaction ? I don't get itUnbelievable! #Bettyexposes
Democratic Socialist ?? How about communist?? Constitutionists badly needed. You need to go.
Banks doing bad things? Surely, you jest #WellsFargo
Don't come across so "angry" or you might just upset the other Warren who is a major shareholder.
You can't have hearings or anything else when your always on vacation, and this is not the time worry about people hurting dummy
That they've go so far is not well...
Plus they try to add fees to everything. Horrible bank
@ValleyPatriot Then why did you take $6,691.00 in political campaign contributions from them?
We paid the person because he said he lost a check then 18 months later wells Fargo cashed it for 1250 dollars. They won't give money back
How many of these accounts belonged to President Trump and Russian Bots?
I don't know but his count goes up every day as far as his Twitter followers. Very very strange.
Averages about 100 new followers every minute. Keep hitting refresh on page, it's quite amusing. Mass bot production.
Wake up everyone it's not the Bank being robbed, it's the bank robbing the customers. It's Criminal and it's hurting US economy ppl s LIVES
Yea but if cant prove "intent" and not enough public outcry they cant be prosecuted by any honorable agency so would be waste of money
Elizabeth Warren may be a bit behind in current events.
Take your money & run folks! This bank is a cancer on our society & needs to end!!
Yes u need to have a hearing. Wells Fargo has ripped me and my husband off many times just recently cashing a check that was 18 months old
someone needs to go to prison
When YOU were in the MAJORITY, YOU did nothing about it but take backdoor donations from them..wink, wink...HOPE YOU GET THRASHED...

Keep after them Senator Warren.  Dems are the only ones protecting the American people. trump and republicians are out to destroy us.
Register as Republican in order to vote in their primary to vote Trump out, then vote for whoever you like in the general election.
Senator Warren you should require that Wells Fargo pays back their customers every overdraft fee for the past 7 years etc
Audit the federal reserve. They've been screwing Americans over a lot more than @WellsFargo has been.
do you even know how the Federal Reserve works or what it's job is? You obviously don't realize they're already regularly audited
Okay, where can I view the details of the audits?
I'm not Google. Do your own research. Or just keep retweeting bullshit, like you have been doing
Don't say things you can't back up with evidence. Where are the audits, smartboy?
lmao, burden of proof isn't on me, tough guy. Do you realize how stupid you sound when you can't think critically at even a basic level?
Burden of proof is on you, because you're saying the FED is audited regularly. lol
Yeah, like two minutes, tops, of searching would reveal that. But you're more interested in your white nationalist circle jerk than reality.
turn ANTIFA loose on them pocahontas
Thank you so much for your leadership on this! 

Related?
