He should, but will likely pick someone worse.....
He should resign! And let the more experienced grownups do the job! The people do not want him. #FedUp
Who would take the job without russian money???
Would be great if he hired anyone qualified for any job. But, it’s not his M.O...
That would be someone who cared about all the American people...not likely to happen Sen Warren.
You mean like Nancy Pelosi who spent millions of our $$ traveling to and from work?

He's doing a fine job without your help Ms. Warren! Stop trying to sabotage everything he does!
so by chance are you one of those Russian robots I'm starting to think you are
You wanna continue on your luxury trips at Tax payers expense? You/demos screwed America with Obamacare.
.....and I have now doubt you were just as pointed in criticizing the last admins excesses?!?!
Hey how about PELOSI fkys home to take a shower stop reverse tweets you all are greedy
Unfortunately, that kind of person wouldn't be "loyal" to Trump's agenda.
Trump only hires the heartless who are only loyal to him.
I work for him and his hotel. Wonderfull place to work!!!!
You work for him so how objective could you possible be. He is a lunatic and a pathological liar. He is running our country into the ground
And the mayor left to go to a party where she was spouting far left  ideology
RT if you AGREE: Resignation isn’t enough. Tom Price owes the U.S. government and taxpayers $1 million dollars. He must pay back every cent.
Lol, it wasn't $1m but Nancy Pelosi's was $2m. He paid it back, but did she? Ummmm, no.
maybe your state should pick a new Senator that cares less about lying about her Heritage to get much for free and more about being honest
Well duh you simpleton
Why you all steal our money out in the open and have no problems. At least Trump isn’t letting this man do it
That's why President Trump hired to take away ACA.  NOW he'll hire someone to do the same.
THERE SHOULD BE RECOMMENDATIONS FROM DEMS.
He won't.
Rick Santorum is rested, tanned, and ready.
This is frightening.
Blathering rhetoric, from Pocahontas Warren! Ugg!
Right @SenWarren. Like Obama did when when you all shoved that down America's collective throat.
Yeah, its public service, not self service.
Just like the dems all members of the 1%, all with mansions and big bank accounts.
He shouldn't pick anyone. His nominees are scum like him.
Should...

But won't!
Yeah, but why would he pick someone who looks and is better overall at their job than  he is at his "job?" Will never happen.
And you should figure out how to be a proactive leader instead of a powerless plebe.  We're waiting on the left for ldrshp
I Nominate Lance Robertson, Assistance Secretary. Mr. Robertson is superbly qualified for HHS Secretary & could hit the floor running today.
After the shameful handling and tweeting regarding Puerto Rico, he shouldn't be picking anyone. This needs to end.
@realDonaldTrump is doing precisely what Price, et al, do AT THIS MOMENT.  Get this non-elected filth out of our White House!
You can be sure that whoever he picks will be a 1%er
Start by refunding all the ed grants you rescinded.
And the people of MA should pick a Sen that knows what their doing Dizz-Lizz
Your one to talk b.
Too bad he quit. He at least knows how to charter a plane.
Shut up Lying American Indian Warren you are such a stupid idiot senator. Who should eat dog turds
Just like Oblahma did with Eric Holder and Nancy Pelosi is doing. #hypocrite
So, you are saying it shouldn't be Bob Menendez?  Asking for a friend...
Yeah good luck with that! He's more concerned with the NFL & spending US $$ at his NJ golf club.
Senator, we do know who we are talking about don't We? You know he's going to pick another scoundrel.
Right ... Wink 
Stop dreaming
#heisnotfit
Get on camera and YELL it! Get all like minded Senators and DO something to help us from this @POTUS!! Go on every news channel!
No Senator, YOU NEED TO DEMAND TRAITOR TRUMP #Resign http://before.you  let him harm more Americans.#Impeach45  or #Resign #lockHIMup
Not everyone calls a tee-pee home, Liz.
He doesn't know anyone like that.
.@SenWarren Dems should focus on state & local elections, 2018 & how to convert & register voters not the Dotard & his insane clown posse.
Perhaps a Native American Liz ? 
U & Urs hav alot to talk about. So hypocritical. How much was Michelle Obamas vacations how many trips did Obama go on u need 2back off
The kettle calling the pot black. Be careful Beth
NOT YOU!!!!
Yes, I agree. Problem however is it's hard to get anyone among Trump's billionaire group of friends who'll match your good idea. Too bad


...and we need you to tell us. She complains about other Tweeters...
 Why don’t you start doing something. Let’s start with DNA test
we need a new President who cares that way first
Hay it's our native 
You can't tell DJT what he should do.  He does what he wants.
WHAT GOOD DO YOU DO FOR ANYONE?
That will never be a thought which crosses his mind
45 doesn't know anyone like that!  Your only as strong as your weakest link and right now that's 45!  #RESISTIDIOT
#Warrenfor2020
Pick you
Wouldn't that require @realDonaldTrump to care abt someone other than himself & who's criticizing him? #UnfitToBePresident
He's considering Santorum?!?  That's like jumping from the #frying pan into the fire
I agree, but we all know that isn't going to happen.
Pelosi charged 101K in booze expenses. Price should have resigned, yes, also Pelosi and all others who abuse
Can this *please* be true for all his appointees, even the many he has yet to fill? #notfakenews #DrainTheTrumpSwamp
he will pick a RICH WHITE MAN with NO EXPERIENCE as usual
U are talking about a rich dotard picking someone who care? Impossible!
Be quiet, Elizabeth Warren. Do you realize you're not respected? I think YOU should leave government--not doing anybody any good.
The best thing @realDonaldTrump can do for America is #ResignNow this administration is a disaster and embarrassment.  #WorstPresidentEver

Yeah. That's not gonna happen.
Can we pick a new President too? #Impeach45
Actually, I'm thinking more along the line that Trump should join him!
Like that will ever happen
Trump wouldn't pick someone like that.....
That would require he gives a shit about those things
I love you, ma'am, but y'all need to stop trying to get Trump to do anything, and just get him out of there. He is an enemy of the people.
Right on.  Any effort to reform that ass hat is a waste, all effort should go into getting him out of the White House and straight into jail
Agreed, but can't imagine such a scenario with this president in this universe.
How much did you make for defending the makers of faulty breast. Mega millions hypacrite
True, but you know he would have only implemented what was law. He couldn't really influence anything. Trump doesn't know how things work.
Obama care already ripped away our health care and to add to that a penalty fine because we can't afford it Get your facts straight
Ok chief  Pocahontas  in Dina that you are
Indian Warren will never win potus. So give it up
They have a shovel and are headed to Mengele's grave
#45 is the most inept, corrupt and embarrassing moron in American history.
Like Holder, Lynch and Panetta did? Where were you whn they were chartering planes?
what these guys spent is nothing compared to what Trump owes Florida. Are we going to be reimbursed?
As an Indian that your are...i mean not an Indian
Old Man Mitchell says it's a shame he got caught and Old Man Mitchell guesses you're on the take as well in some way
Except why would he? Luxury trips and ripping away healthcare are exactly @realDonaldTrump's values.
Are you serious? Have you LISTENED to @realDonaldTrump? Those things are all HE cares about, why wouldn't he hire kindred spirits?
But he won't.  @realDonaldTrump is grossly incompetent and a complete ignoramus.  He should resign.
Really Lieawatha? When was the last time you flew anything less than 1st class?
His swamp is almost empty.
It's fantasy to think trump will ever pivot to be a compassionate human being @SenWarren
Not going to happen. His choices are based on their corruption and having specific qualities opposite to what they are heading. Ex. Pruitt
That's not who he is or who he shares his values with
You know you are saying this to a guy who is golfing while Puerto Ricans die, right? Trump will pick another rich toady.
And people in your state should pick a Senator that more concerned about the country and not about party affiliation
He should pick Michelle Obama
Do you honestly think he knows anyone like that?
The outdated #GOP mentality of privilege has no place in today's world.
This is why we are draining the swamp.Republicans hold our own to the same standards.Dems protect everything from crooks to child molesters. There's the difference !
Does he even know someone like that? Birds of a feather after all...
He shouldn't be allowed to pick anyone, for anything, anymore.
Do you really expect that will happen?
The talk is he's looking at Rick Santorum if thats true we are screwed. Rick Santorum is the worst of the worst low life scab.
Get rid of #Obamacare and give us back our country #WethepeopleOwnAmerica
Dems under Obama spent more on travel than anyone before or after. Especially Michell! Her mother still draws a salary!
; Biggest abusers of gov waste has been liberals like Warren flying all over the place first class.
#MedicareForAll wealiest nation on earth profiteering off sick
Ur sure optimistic. Look at his record.
That would be a great suggestion if @realDonaldTrump actually cared about it himself, but he clearly does not. Only cares about "winning".
We should pick a new president who cares less about luxury travel & ripping away health care.
And do you plan to sell your mansion and donate the proceeds?  You blazer-loving fraud!!
I heard the Secretary of the Veterans Affairs (Shulkin)  just did the same thing, weeks after putting out a memo "cutting" all unnessary travel.
THIS WAS THE NORMAL ON THE LIB ADMIN
Hard to believe people who can't make a good decision on travel without supervision are making policy decisions that affect the rest of us.
For someone who says "America First" a lot, I don't think he actually knows what that means...
One that you probably won't vote to confirn even if it were Jesus Christ.   Spare us this crap
Is he going to pay the taxpayers back? That should be the first thing he does
Wow let's check your travel expenses, always the cheap obstruct resist response.  You don't want to help
Ya, cuz Hilary is so morally superior.  Smh.
#45 will nominate the CEO of #PhilipMorris for new #HHS
I strongly. Agree
The federal minimum wage is now$7.25

Both major parties are now owned by the corporations.

And NOT Rick Santorum!
But he can't find anyone aside from his family!! Lol
Ya think? How sad is it that you even have to post this obvious fact...
Republicans don’t care about families’ health. What major piece of legislation benefiting the American people have they EVER enacted?
 ya right,  a Trump pick the next guy will be more criminal than the first
I want Nirvana too Elizabeth what we get are too separate things
You know that's not gonna happen because @realdonaldtrump's #SwampRatsRule
What I want to know is if the acting head of HHS, plans to reschedule that unnecessary maintenance.
I wish there was a way we could just let you be President. I'm so sick of you bunch of cry babies.#rightwingershaveclass
So in other words he will need to make some new friends...
#NeverDJTHRC The Clintons, a luxury jet and their $100 million donor from Canada [Clinton Foundation Board Member]
Would be even better when thepeople pick a new president/government who care less about themselves and more about the people @LawyerRogelio
Hey Pocahontas what about all the waste of tax payer money when Obama was doing all over campaigning for Killary last year. What a waste of$
Well, he would have to nominate a democrat if these are the criteria!!
My major is HHS  I was worried with price
Yeah....so instead of backing #Bernie you wound up destroying what little faith remained in the #DemParty by supporting #Hillary #DemExited
Like You? Not on your Life.  I've personally had enough of lying Democrats.
Why would he do that when he cares about neither
Yeah, well, he probably won't.  Perhaps Dems in Senate should be more vigilant/unified.
If trumpie is true to form he will pick a HHS Sec who thinks citizens deserve NO health insurance and who cares nothing for our health!!!
that would be something..to the contrary of trumps..administration..won’t happen..trump..finds nothing but misfits.
I am a former personnel recruiter, DT has no idea how to vet & hire qualified & ethical people because he's not one himself. #bankruptcies
Amen,  @SenWarren, I agree 110%!!
Well, you should be fired to for all you boondoggle vacation trips on the governments dime!
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t know anyone who fits that bill. He’s a piece of shit. He only knows pieces of shit.
Just not gonna happen.
How sad that this needs to be pointed out.
But we all know that won't happen, sadly.
Fat chance he’ll help anyone but himself
Yes. While the people of Puerto Rico are dying.
That would be great but we know he won't 
Trump is a disgusting scab. A false potus who never ever should've gotten into the WH. He shouldn't have even bloody gotten the nomination.
I honestly don't see him doing anything good or legit EVER. He needs to fucking be removed from office, by force if necessary.
Lead the charge!!! We should be marching everyday on capitol hill. I've had enough of this shit. America and the world have had enough.
This should go without saying ...
Yeah, like that'll happen 
Fuck whites!!!! #democracy
It will never happen @SenWarren
...but he won't.
Why do liars continue to Lie? Here is a picture of a known liar.
Family Health here, NOW My issue is Puerto Rico are the ppl there, Getting the Family/personal  Heathcare They deserve as part of U.S
Drain his swamp!
