9/30 is the deadline for funding CHIP, community health centers, Medicare programs, Medicaid payments, & more. They’re waiting for a vote.
The @SenateGOP are also on the verge of reversing a @CFPB rule that helps you hold firms like @WellsFargo & @Equifax accountable in court.
Heading to the Senate floor now to tell the @SenateGOP: Stop fighting for the powerful interests & do your job: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
Senator Warren, please send help to Vieques which is an American Island off the coast of Puerto Rico. They have not seen help since before..
They got supplies in on Tues & a phone call out yesterday. Island is devastated but they're working together. Where there's life there hope.
ACA was designed to fail. You & Dems want USA to be a socialist nation. Why not be honest?
Potentially having my healthcare go down $4k a year to pre-ACA levels sounds terrifying.
I've already experiencd a real crisis.My premiums went up.My deductible went up.My co pay went up.I lost my dr.I pay ins then I pay for care
I agree.
Oh here's another one who gets free government health care and is outraged about all us lower people that dont . dont believe the lies
It's not perfect!  Dems need to make it better.  Premiums are too high...
The real Crisis about to unfold is Obamacare and the Democratic Party .
That comment doesnt even make any sense.
You should be used to that from Trumpanzees already. They barely know how to read. Third grade reading level would be generous
Insulting someone's intelligent doesn't make you right or better. Killary kid! Common sense rules. #MAGA
“Intelligence”


Really that's what your going to say manufactured what a lie 23 of the 25 co-ops are gone how is that ok there R millions with out care now
Especially when Trump keeps cutting funding and trying to sabotage insurance
For her part,House MinorityLeader NancyPelosi said her members would continue working"to put the stake in the heart of this monstrous bill."
Well there is. Crisis, I can't afford my premiums!  It doesn't cover what it used to.  Republicans don't have a clue
It is a crisis for my family, $18,000+ in premiums & deductibles Middle class family now struggling. Wasn't before ACA
You know Liz - being a radical extremist drama queen for democrat propagada really gets old-your party is directly responsible for O-care
You ran out of war paint? #Pocahontas
Mrs Warren. The real crisis is you and all other congressman and staff get it for free. Time for you to pay the high deductibles. Quit it.
The crisis WAS the aca.
The ACA is the crisis.
The @Gop stands with #corporations not #WethePeople. Sad
Warren doesn't care about the majority that's paying for obamacare as long as the 20+ million don't get cut off that benefit. Sad
Just let Obama care keep on and it will cave in by itself when people cannot afford the premiums!
R u kidding me Obamacare is in crisis your out of touch if u make a comment like this
Why are my premiums going up 22%?

The GOP is a crisis… #AdaptAndResist
Lizzie, so not being able to afford their premiums under the UNaffordable care act ISN'T a CRISIS? What are you smoking??
Ty for everything you do for us Ms Warren
The real crisis occurs when u #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether open ur mouths. #PelosiBismol obviously not doing the job.
The ACA needs to be modified. Premiums are too high. If no single payer, make ACA affordable for all.
Thank you
Yes elections are comming.
Lies
You keep up the fight for us Liz!
There is a crisis if you didn't have your Cadillac plan you'd know that put us on your plan problem solved Pocahontas
You got that right it's called single payer and we are doomed but it's what you libtards wanted from the start
I figure it's about time for ding bat warren start using Ethiopia kids saying this is what is going to happen
Fear monger
So true. Insurance companies do not like insecurity. Watch premiums sky . Watch 45 blame Dems.
Premiums have not gone down  by $2500.00 On average, my premiums have gone up 11%,  my salary 3%  annually since ACA.  To my it is real
And how many millions have they wasted so far @GOP @SenMitch_GSPP @SpeakerRyan a total embarrassment #RIPGOP
What about Trump manufacturing the flag situation to distract Americans from the healthcare vote?
The real crsis is DT is president with a crooked and ineffective cabinet. He is destroying us.
Liz couldnt care less about those suffering under oppressive Obamacare
Manufacture? You don't see what's going on around you? Unbelievable!
Stop lying
They're pulling the wool over their own eyes + taping their mouths shut with pie in the sky for their own donors benifit. #ThisIsOurCountry
SHARING THIS LINK!!! JUS CLICK THE LINK, SIGN UP AND GET PAID NO BANK ACCOUNT NEEDED. http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=50682 
Millions of Americans with NO healthcare. GOP = Deathsquads

Senator Warren are you living in A different time and place? It must be because you're out of touch with reality! Obamacare is failing
Yes. Cruz et al defunded the exchanges. People don't know that. Please succeed where our party has failed. Please COMMUNICATE the sabotage!
Please do tell.
And Again It is NOT the government's responsibility to give ANYONE healthcare. It is a privilege not a RIGHT !!
#ACA will survive.
No that's what Ds did: manufacture a health INSURANCE crisis. Now we're all living with the horrible consequences. Take some responsibility
If you had ACA care like the American public,  you would be voting to replace it.
Democrats creating the crisis when they passed Obamacare and Pelosi said we need to pass it to see what is on it.This is on you.
Real crisis is fake Indian running around as senator....
to lower premiums put a cap on benefits...if you reach the cap then by definition u r disabled and qualify for medicare
it appears that the premise that the market place will work has failed in many parts of the country with no or few insurance options
The crisis has been going on for 31 years in my family. Pre Existing Conditions legal jargon for Genocide for profits
Your need for plastic surgery?
Stop being opposition only and propose a fix to the ACA! Sick of the political BS. I am losing my plan for the 4th year in a row!
Yes! It's called Elisabeth Fauxcahontus Warren! That's a crisis on bird-legs!
Bets, you better read the part about over 76   Ho yes the obama thing lets the gov. Can take Sr. Over 76 off their meds & yes they are
Let's expose the greed together.  Education is key.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-and-the-customer-experience/ …
Crisis? I take it you've been made to use Obamacare too?
Oh yeah...? What?
You lied about being a Native American, and now you lie about this.  Do you lie about everything?  Tell us about your relationship w/SOROS
What? Trump going to fire MUELLER
Trump will have many lives to account for if he doesn't send troops volunteers money food water Engineers down to Puerto Rico
U mean worst than Obamacare!
The "ACA" is failing on its own. Unaffordable monthly payment and unaffordable deductible. Its unaffordable!
Thank you, Senator.
Senator TY for your #leadership.  There is also a crisis in #PuertoRico right now.  No #water,  electricity, comms & prison breaks
You contradict yourself in one sentence Pocahontas.
Maybe you should write another book it.
Term limits now
For the last year the media has reported Obama fiasco is on its last legs. Long before Trump came along. You're lying to Americans. Shame
U r wrong. U just want a 1 payer government run system so you can continue to get reelected
The ACA will blow up in 2020 when the full effect of the sunset provisions take affect.
Right, that we can no longer afford the socialist ACA and will force the gov out of healthcare where they don't belong.
We aren't stupid Senator. We all know cuts in healthcare are to fund tax cuts for the 1%.
Manufacture a healthcare crisis?? Are you kidding me?? It's happening Senator! Oh, that's right you don't have to use Obamacare! Your sick!
Pretty sure Texas Florida and PR are all facing a crisis, do we really need more?
Check yourself into the loony bin. The ACA is a joke and the first A is a damn lie. Like you Indian chief pants on fire
The real crisis is the Democratic Party has done nothing for the people of this country. Other then push out a lot of lies and corruption.
I feel an evil laugh coming on...
#ImpeachTrumpNow so we can take back our country and make it free again!
Puerto Rico is on the verge of chaos and GOP trying to strip healthcare from millions. Republican backed humanitarian crisis
If you don't think we have a health care issue you are dumber than you sound
Yes America is going to Vote you OUT!
Um, no, Bot. Not a chance. You're gonna need a new job soon, though.
You and Bernie could make history!
Eagerly waiting for the crisis to unfold.
You want to see a crises?  Go to Puerto Rico 
No health care crisis here. Just a BUNCH OF DO NOTHING BLOOD SUCKING GOP THAT DON'T GIVE A HOOT OF THE PPL THEY SERVE N THAT PAY THEIR WAGES
lol... so Obamacare is not really failing miserably everywhere? People are just imagining that? Ok
And she is lying. Amazing how leftist know they can fuck with us all the way to the bank and the media gives them a pass
They are as bad as you...pot calling the kettle black!!!!
You mean like destroying the American middle class by the never-ending out of control health insurance costs? 1%'ers should just shut up.
It's unfolding right now in PR. Call on your peers to do the right thing, now: Approve aid. Send #USNavy & #FEMA. Ask supporters to donate.
The real crisis is the instability of the government! That makes the markets unstable!
Incredible that they need a win so much.
Will you subsidize my healthcare premiums? Why do you get subsidies?
Thank you Senator for all you have done. You didn’t have to pursue this hard job but we are grateful for your integrity and strength.
You're a crisis.
No need to manufacture Just let unACA implode
Hell you shafted us with the ACA
The real Crisis started with the lie of Obamacare.
If you saw my insurance policy you would understand.
citizens are wearing down especially those of us who have   Family with serious healthcare issues.We keep fighting calling posting marching.
Shut Down Fed.Government turn over to State's Crooks and lying all the Feds. Do
The criminal traitor "President" Trump has been THE crisis since he was illegitimately installed by Russia.
Do you even know what the truth look and sounds like? It's seems you just spew crap out without thinking. ACA is imploding million affected
No, there's a real crisis, how could you possibly deny that?  Sky rocketing pricing, very few carriers and choices, a real dysfunctional mkt
All because @GOP & @POTUS have dove everything they possibly could to sabotage the ACA from the beginning! Blame this on big lobbyist!
So let ACA stand on its own....will you take responsibility
Sure Pocahontas
Uhhh dopey, the exchanges are actually crumbling and were before Trump. You manufactured it you dumb sh*t
With good dem like you, we will expose heartless GOP to American public. We must continue work on  healthcare and fair taxation for all
And the people that don't want to do it or being penalized

Are you kidding me !!!!
?
Do you even have a clue what happens in the real world?
Are you kidding me some people can't even get it. Some people don't even have a choice.
You outta know. You caused it. @SenWarren
It has been unfolding you damn fool. Obviously you don't pay for your healthcare. Premiums have exploded. Hypocrite
This is important too but what are you doing about Puerto Rico?
These incompetent morons need to be held accountable...Prison comes to mind. Especially for McConnell.
Come on Liz...how much do you pay?  Stand up like somebody and tell us about your coverage!  What have you done to stop the hemorrhaging?
We pay for her coverage


Yeah the ACA is collapsing.
The real crisis is the premiums that have more than doubled, the ppl who have signed up for ACA but after 1 or 2 months had to drop it
Impeach trump
The mess has been 40 years in the making by effective lobbying. And who benefits from lobbying?Not me. Go to a Georgetown restaurant and see
The ACA, for most middle class people is a health care crisis.
The notion that we are on the precipice of a crisis is typical rhetoric on BOTH sides of the isle. Someday our electorate will wisen.
The ACA has been a healthcare crisis for 7 years
We have been in health care crisis for years in large part due to regulation. Regardless of AHCA or not, Congress will continue the problem
Pleeeease mean #TrumpRussia!!!
How is my premiums going up 200% in the last three years MANUFACTURED, Elizabeth?  How??
Korea? Taxes?
States rights, sure, but don't exempt universal coverage then if you mean it @SenateGOP
They only cry "states' rights" when the states do what they agree with. Look what's going on with marijuana.
No, your party created the crisis 8 years ago, without concern for those that were going to pay the bill for redistribution
It is unfortunate that things are carried out with hatred.
And @realDonaldTrump has tried to disguise it all by raising a stink about players kneeling in protest, something that should be a non-issue
The GOP has a long history of manufactured dog whistle faux-crisis. That is their go-to thing when their own people start turning on them.
A real crisis   is about to unfold.  Most of the GOP leadership just want Obama Care to disappear from the White House history books..
Please provide one more no vote or more to stop Trumps terrible and harmful BILL which is just someone he can finally say he won at
Like from nuclear fallout?
about equal to the crisis that that massive military budget you voted to support will bring to this country as well.  yet you voted for it
The real crisis for liberals which is unfolding  is the rejection of their projected themes as folks realize the failure of socialism
The failure of socialism- ha ha - sharing the cost of healthcare is no more socialist than sharing the cost of highways - stupid comment
Who is your health care provider, Lizzie?
Manufacture? The ACA is imploding on its own and everyone in the country besides you knows it.
What? You mean premiums are going up wildly and insurers are 't dropping out? You're kidding right? Are your followers this dumb?
You are part of the crisis.  You are playing right into Putin’s hand with your ideaoligy.
There a #healthcare crisis going on now, people are losing their insurance. All the Democrats are worried is all the tax from ACA.
No one manufactured the crisis but the Democratic party. Sorry, you did it, own it...
The crisis is healthcare. Why not listen and learn to reform
Yes it is if I have to keep paying these higher premiums. I had great ins before dems screwed it up now 1/2 of my pay goes to it. great deal
Drop your tax payer funded Cadillac health insurance and get down here with us and you'll see first hand what we're going through
hey Pocahontas, you still speak with fork tongue! bama no care only helped illegals, refugees n dems welfare sponges!
Real crisis is that the voters allowed you to hold a senate seat.  Bet they won't make that mistake again pochanus who
Oh you mean the senator who said she was Native American? Lol
Aren't you the 1% that you rant against? Lead by example
HI SENATOR WARREN! THANK YOU 4 YOUR EFFORTS 2 MAKE AMERICA A BETTER PLACE! STAY STRONG/STAY VIGILANT!
Get a grip
The mental health evaluation of the utterly insane POTUS?
I have no desire to lose my coverage for dialysis, I don't want to die. I know there are many others like me fearing for their lives.
Do you buy coverage like me? Health care is not a right.
#NoTrumpCare Vote NO to the #GrahamCassidyBill. @GOP candidates will suffer in 2018 if this bad bill passes!
They will pick up more seats. The Dems are a train wreck
