It's the kids who own the candy store and don't care. Own everything and there's no checks and balances. America needs to wake up and vote!
Yes, stamp out the leftist fascist movement. Super majorities for conservatives in 2018.
Interesting. We're the fascists but the WNP all voted trump! You voted with nazis and WE are somehow the fascists. Explain
Verbalize trump voters as Nazis, white supremacists, etc. Only fascists employ those tactics to ensure control over the narrative.
Nothing huh? Oh well. If white supremacists voted for bernie sanders, i feel like i would ask questions. Enjoy your complacency
No white supremacists? Kinda like the Portland maniac, or the liberal terrorist in Alexandria?
I guess you're done. Would like to know who the "portland maniac" is. You're bad at this #TrumpBiographyTitles
The dude who accosted the Muslims on the train and then stabbed two good Samaritans. Bernie guy.
Could you say 22 million one more time?  You've only tweeted that number about 10 times in a row now.
Mrs Warren why are illegals good for Massachusetts?
Why don't I remember stepping over dead bodies before the #ACA? Enough with the childish hyperbole. You're making a fool of yourself.
Praying that's NOT true..  let's not believe in it damb!
So that means only five thousand Americans will lose health care the rest are illegals like I said democrats hate America
obamacare "we have to pass it to see what's in it" They must be using your framework for it
Bipartisan fix flaws in O'Care and forget tax give away
Can't believe any thing Mrs Indian woman has to say
It is always Opposite Day when a democrat talks. Keep your doctor,save twenty five hundred all lies
It is such a joke??? If it was something to be proud of then they would have flaunted it ! Not hide it behind closed doors ! Big Secret 
Do you forget we have to pass it to find out what's in it?
I dont have insurance now lady
And the 20 million on your Obamacare lose theirs too! It's dead! Nothing left. POTUS should let it die. Dumbocrat bill
Oh they tried to but @SenRandPauI threw a wrench in that. No progress since it seems. Only 320 million ppl's lives hang in the balance
U Dems did the same with Obamacare! Who are they anyway? Any documentations?
According to "quack, quack" @KellyannePolls, the disabled and sick should work for their healthcare
We want senate care.give us what you have nothing less
My premiums went up over 22% before my insurer left the exchange.  What are Dems proposing to fix the current issues with ACA?
Stop your hypocrisy, remember Nanci Pelosi, we need to passed it so we can see what's in it?
You go Elizabeth set them straight
Can you help us find it we don't know where to look
Yes if they indeed not to sign up since the illegal penalty is taken away.  You are such a liar.  Nothing but an obstructionist.
And sunshine is the best disinfectant!!!!!
No! Most will elect not to have it without mandate. Personal choice!  Tell the truth!
That's less than the 28MM who lost it under ACA.
For sure
Good I won't have to pay for them anymore. Love it
prove it
Now you have  David Koch extorting senators, to hurry up with his tax breaks and Destroy American lives, pathetic to its core
This  this bill  is  unethical and inhumane, it's a heartless bill and crimes against humanity, if they vote Yes their careers are over.
I lost mine too Rick. I worked hard & sacrificed to get ahead. Now at 44 y/o I (wife/kids) am w/o insurance for the first time in my life.
My wife and kids must not be as important as the ppl the #Democrats keep talking about.
You are a wack job!
It is inhumane. #SaveACA
I heard 22 million  would gain health insurance.  Prove your  numbers and I will prove mine. Anonymous source.
There are still 31 million uninsured since Obamacare went into effect
Sick people can't work productively-->can't buy things-->recession.  Healthcare is good for the economy.  #ADCA #AmericanDeathCareAct
you clearly have no grasp on history
Folks we also will have the opportunity to repeal & replace Senator Warren. Geoff Diehl is a humble (R) man of quality.
Again, that is still Obamacare. We either pay for mo unsurance or pay for useless insurance.
How could men write a healthcare bill? Women are the usual caregivers, make the appointments and manage most families medical needs
Please vote this down, with all your other constituents. #killthisbill
Find a life.  You add no value.  Pocahontas, what is your solution.  You are all mouth, no innovation.  You are a looser with the other Dems
500000000000000000000000000 RETWEETS!!
And the GOP is proud of that
Your healthcare bill was just as diasterous. You should work together for us.
30 million lost theirs under Obamacare you lose
If Repubs were serious abt permanently fixing healthcare, why aren't they doing something abt costs rather than submitting this  bill?
How about the working middle class that has squeezed to the brink by both the top and the bottom classes.  Remember us?
At least half of which will be by choice #Pocahontas. Why the lies? Cuz u have nothing else. What a waste of a human being
How many people lost it or could not afford huge deductibles in Obamacare that no one read before passing???
It's not so much a "healthcare bill" as it is a "murder contract".  Denying healthcare to those who can't afford it is murder.
Al though doesn't make it untrue... real. incredibly shameful & cruel 4  of $$??? SICK & TWISTED
THINK ABOUT IT  FEEL IT
IT LET IT SINK IN
R U OK with contributing to the human suffering of ur fellow man?  I know I'm not

#ResistTrumpcare 
#TrumpCareKills  
#TrumpLies 
#Resist
Yeah Liz.   How many are losing it under @POTUS44  train wreck due to the companies pulling out?  Quit drinking the Kool Aid and lying.
Start by taking mine; it's too expensive for me to use. #unafordablehealthcare act-for those of us who work.
And like Obamacare was not hidden .. Remember Nancy Pelosi saying we have to pass Obama care to find out whats in it ,, please shut up
22M figure is seriously questioned. Until our elected officials stopped exempting themselves from HC they shove on us, please stop talking!
Only your base believes 22 million is people who will lose.They will choose to leave govt. plan which will not exist in current form.
If 22 million people lose health care, emergency rooms will be filled and the American tax payer will be footing the bill.
@SenWarren-Democrats like yourself remind us that the Terrorist is a DEMOCRAT as you have promoted murdering future Americans with abortion.
ELected Officials should be required to enroll in the #HealthCareBill When it becomes law.
Lose their health care plans without insurance companies to cover them. $10k premiums with $10k copays is not Coverage. #ACA
How many people can't afford Healthcare now? It's time you start working together for the American people
@GOP if this new health care bill is so good then PUT YOURSELVES ON IT TOO! Give up your cushy plan for the 1 you're trying 2 force on us!
You have no idea what your talking about
How many people lose it when Obamacare crashes and burns?   work together to fix this mess
All because they wanted to give the rich a tax break. It's disgusting.
Is just pure insanity what we are experiencing, this is not a party policy, we are playing we the lives of people regardless of politics.
Omg this rhetoric is weaker than HC. #liberalreformation
Quit spreading your lies Pocahontas
22 million lawsuits might do the trick
Sue the republicans, trump and cabinet collectively and as individuals . I will have to without insurance.
Senator- stop the barking- your version of healthcare is bankrupting middle America you lunatic!
Shut up FakePoco...CBO is always millions off.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan need to BE FIRED and investigated for their Russian connections
Heartless
GOP's brand of social engineering - poor, sick, undesirables die for lack of healthcare - is an abomination. GOP=GREED Over People.
So as citizens we suppose to pay everyone's healthcare
maybe the 30 million who lost it under obamacare will get theirs back......
Acting like shoplifters!  These are mentally unstable men ,  they know lives are at risk here!
So you actually read this one Pocahontas?
please do NOT pass this travesty!
How about the unborn? They deserve healthcare not death penalty!
But it's a million better than the house bill??? 
yes in that 22 million doesn't count those that are on Medicaid!
Pocahontas I heard that no one in the USA will be covered and that we are all going to die
What health insurance? The one where we pay thousands of dollars before services rendered n then find no docs who accept my plan?
You're a fake information conveyor. You supported the hidden Obamacare info til after you midnight passed it. Now you broke it. Do t bit h!
But when you tell republicans this they won't believe you because they didn't hear it from cult leaders  like Fox News or incompetent Trump
How many of those millions are simply making a choice NOT to by that crappy ACA. Like my son. Instead he pays penalty. Get rid of ACA ASAP.
Why can't we have the same healthcare as you have, Senator? Can't answer can you?
Anything done in the dark will always come to the light! There's nothing good can come out of it!
CBO says 28 million will loose care if Husseincare stays in place!  What do you say about that Pocahontas?
Tough titty said the kitty, but the milks still good.
Insurance companies probably wrote it for them...why aren't all senators required to get the dame health care?
Do what you did before Obamacare, put them on welfare.
You are right Liz. We should have aborted them all and we would not have this dilemma.
Lets all go on the plan all the millionaire civil servants have. #Hipocrite
30 million already did under obama care. Get it together warren
You are right. Don't replace Obamacare, just repeal it.
What's not being discussed is the number of people that will die, including infants and young children. This data must be tallied & shared.
warren just keeps tweeting like this to plant a idea in weak minds keep it up ding bat you are doing good
That's absolutely NOT true and you know it.
But 27mil without care under #Obamacare is true
Did you actually read this one?
Duh, Kim.
So I guess that is a no than?
You mean 22 million will lose subsidies funded by hard working Americans.
What about the other 320 million? Let's get real and work together
Is that in addition to the 27 million uninsured now and what would that number be in 2025 under the ACA. Senator?
What Planet do you live on? There are MILLIONS of People that can't Afford  Bama Care  Quit the Fear Tactics 
Repeal Obamacare! Government shouldn't be in health care.
How do you plan to assist the DES exposed #diethylstilbestrol #TheDESTragedy
Just stop.  You broke it, YOU fix it . . . But NOT w more government.
Is this really a bill or a set of changes to existing law through budget reconciliation?
How do I unfollow you
I am 1 who will loose insurance in 2018. Please fight to #StopThatBill & #SaveACA! MA Exch is alive & well for this 50+ self employed woman
Blah Blah Blah
I can't wait till you lose your Seat. Waisting space. Do something constructive not destructive.
No, they can keep their doctors... just like the pile of crap shoved down our throats.  Healthcare is NOT a right
I am one of them and have cancer.
I think @SenWarren was in my drama class in college. She always got high cheekbones , i mean marks. She's still got it.
How many Native Americans lost a scholarship cause you lied about your race?
Now we know...we all knew the EVIL  and POS Ryan were not looking out for we the people. NEW LEVEL OF SADISM!
Charge onwards Elizabeth Warren.
Those of us w/o a voice
depend on your humanity
to save us from trump-care doom. 
Thank you, very much!!!!!
I can't wait to see more woman in the WH. These men are heartless. I wonder how they would survive on my income. $800 a month and no car.
Why don't you help instead of bitching all the time.
Lmao!!! #trumptravelban #SCOTUS.
Funny you don't look like an Indian. They're so cute and you're so not!
Liar!
How many lost or can't afford healthcare because of Obamacare? Won't talk about that will you. I lost mine. THANKS.
have u sat down and talked, not yelled, with the GOP or do you just badmouth them and dont do anything to help fix whatever u think is wrong
Isn't this an impeachable offense?  No wonder they're holding their hearings in secret.  They're all ashamed of their sick bill. Traitors.
And now let's hurry & try to jam it through before anybody notices
Even if they choose not to have coverage or are you going to make them have coverage?
I think it should go back to the way it was before stupid obama care. The Government better just leave me the hell alone!
MHS and Anthem have already pulled out of Medicaid and HIP in Indiana. That leaves me and my child without insurance. Thanks Trump
If Obama hadn't forced the health care lots more people would have health care. People should have a choice and not forced by the government
#don'tGiveup
Out of 346 million? That's pretty good ratio. Considering 12-15 million don't want insurance
From what I'm reading, the CBO numbers are just what they can show based on how the bill is written. There will be even more left uncovered.
I know don't you hate that when they just try to sneak something in like that... oh wait... sorry Pocahontas
Warren you are more than CRAZY the lying clown princess of the senate
Sickos
Obamacare hurt twice as many people as it helped. How do you explain that? Why can't I afford insurance? I have to pay the fee with none.
I call it the Death Bill.
How can 22 million lose health insurance when only 12.2 signed up for Obamacare? #liar
B/c the changes will effect everyone not just those who used the exchanges #readthebill
WRONG, you need to reread the bill!
The "greedy old party" was ASSuming, what we don't know(what they won't tell), can't hurt usEven their own people won't back their plan
BCRA = Billionaires Club Recovery Act
22M will lose healthcare? How do you figure that? Are these medicade ppl who are on welfare! Getting it for nothing? Let them work for it!
What was it, 25 million don't have insurance now?
Heyaheya heyaheya heyaheya!
Warrens just a narrow minded loud mouth all talk in that empty head
Why don't both sides get together do it right ?? Both sides evil and greedy , maybe Americans should ask right questions before voting
Losing is different than choosing to be without rather than pay a penalty.
How many will be able to actually buy their own insurance instead of you taking my money to pay for it. How much did you donate to their ins
You're lying that 22 million is an estimate for people who choose not to buy since the government mandate is eliminated read @USCBO
