But the first $24,000 is not taxable for a couple!  Stop telling half truths.. the American people and your constituents deserve the truth!
And what’s the half truth? Childless couples get very marginal cut, and anyone with a dependent gets screwed.
A couple making 50K a year would only pay taxes on 26K.
What do you think today’s rates are? Stand. ded + exemptions=20,800. Your bottom tax rate is going up 2%. You are saving practically nothing
Well I have a small business and it will be saving me at least $2000 it may not be much to you but it is to me!
You'll take that $2k bribe to stay quiet while the big evil hordes even more of US wealth. You are fighting for scraps, Sir.
What is your answer genius?  Give them my 2K so they can spend 4K!?
But really, my point is that you are being bribed. And getting too little of a bribe. Speak up. Speak out. Write a congressperson, and know about the wealth gap.
Not the whole story Pocahontas and you know it. You forgot those who won't pay anything and the 2x previous deductions. Typical #Democrat
And calling names is childish and exactly what I expect from a typical #Republican
Warren is a 1% er. Cool that's someone to admire. #Hypocrite
Admire vs name calling.  Can you tell the difference?
I would like to know what you consider name calling? Citing an actual story somebody makes up for personal gains isn't name calling
Pocahontas?
Warren brought it up. I'd denounce it 100% if she addressed the issue. She made up a story and got bagged. 2 way streets in MA
It is still name calling? What am I missing.Whatever she claimed doesn't make name calling acceptable.guess this is what we have come to
When will middle class Trump/Republican supports wake up to fact politicians they're supporting aren't voting in their best interests
I know, he's literally lowering taxes on himself & other wealthy people, while increasing taxes on the poorest & no change for the middle.
Prove it
She panders to people bad at math
Does it help us yes, but helps the wealthy more & this is not new, Bush & Reagan did similarly, it leads to recession.
Anyone can say anything. Prove it
That's not anything that's History lol we went into recession late 80s and late 2000s. Less than a decade after tax cuts.
No I'm referring to the new tax bill. You said it helps the wealthy get richer, worse for poor and no change on middle class. How?
Explain
LIAR.  Your Saul Akinsky Playbook not working anymore. We Patriots are busy Making America Great Again. You will lose to the Real Indian! 
Huh, I thought Trump was German
2018 Senate Race
sorry, I want a fighter for the average working stiff, not another white collar trying to stiff the average worker
Exactly what has she done for the average worker? She has gotten rich.
LOL, should we let big banks, investment institutions, and Wall St. scammers run roughshod?  Nobody calls them out, at least she tries

I'd love to see these results from republicans in congress. Bet we'll find plenty of millions there too.
Wath is ur solution?wath is ur plan ur solution
You are such a liar!!!!!!
That's what family values are in the GOP USA ! Give tax breaks to the wealthy and churches will take care of the poor.  Re-elect Ryan '18
You are not being truthful, this bill helps the middle class and you know it, but liberals hate the middle class!
Just curious, does the troll farm pay you in dollars or rubles? Is it strictly min wage, or by the tweet? Asking for a friend...
#PutinTroll
Wake up, America!  Resist!!!
Yeah, some miracle #LyingDonaldTrump
Typically,  you tell half truths Ms. Warren.
We need tax reform badly in this country. Try being part of the solution,  not the problem
#NeverDJTHRC @HillaryClinton "don't see me as part of—problem—b/c we pay ordinary income tax, unlike—truly well off
Wrong. It slashed taxes for middle class families like mine who live paycheck to paycheck. Now go check your privilege
u r wrong. plan eliminates personal exemption family of 4 lose 4x4050 16200 & only get 12,000 increase to standard deductions =tax increase
Another lie ! Pocahontas
I want to see your tax plan, Pocahontas. If you don't have one then shut up, and keep doing nothing like you always do.
Of course it does..the entire system seems to be corrupt.  #notshocked #impeachtrump #ResistTrump
So typical of the GOP and donald!
12% 25% 35%, is a hike on the poor, same for middle, break on wealthy. The middle needs change the most, 25% is not doable if under 60K.
read the bill, double standard deductions will result in a tax break.
Yes that's true, but we are in debt badly. Bush & Reagan did similar, it moves the economy but leads to recession in under a decade.
Give us some examples, put your words into hard numbers that everyone can see. When you don't, we will know...speaking with forked tongue.
YOU NEED TO EXPLAIN HOW AND NOT JUST SAY THE WORDS. DEMS KEEPING SAYING WORDS BUT NO EXPLANATION ON THE ISSUE. THAT'S WHY YOU LOST.
Yap yap yap....always running your mouth and saying nothing.  Always negative if a Republican plan.  Prime example of US problems
Lies
#NeverTrumpHillary #Inequality Hillary Clinton wants credit for paying income tax. Here’s how much she deserves.
Me and my husband are working class and currently pay 28% because our children are grown how is 12% or 25% an increase? Simple economics
That's a lie Liz typical of you to do so
Liawatha you're at it again...lies, lies, and more lies!
I like Liawatha. Great fake Indian name.
What did you expect Senator Warren?  That's what GOP has done all my life and I am kind of old.
But she’s lying
This scam is maddening. The stupidity of Americans that voted for this is even more maddening.
Then it's a 2% hike on the lowest income population, while it's a 4% decrease on those making 500,000 a year or more.
Yes, that and deficit financed, so poor people get to pay for it again down the road. Such a scam.
Hopefully we do not double the debt like we did the last 8 years. Good point.
I'm not going to act like a expert, but it looks like we'll increase debt. You can't just cut taxes like that. Has to be made up somewhere.
With an increase in economic activity, that will drive more tax revenues across the board.  More $ more spending = taxes.
These are the approaches that cause recessions. It's easy for people to pretend that Obama did it, it was Bush. Help now, yes.
Why? What can you buy with billions of dollars? I'd love to have a trailer to rest my head. My disability and extreme poverty is killing me.
Praying for u, I know how hard this must be.
Bunch of liberals on here that obviously haven’t researched the proposed tax cuts. Dems are the low information voters the left preys on.
I didn't hear the President say that!!    STOP SPREADING FEAR AND DICONTENT!!!THE BIBLE SAY'S WE ARE TO PRAY FOR LEADER'S!!
I couldn't give two shits what the bible says. It was written by men who wanted to use fear to control others.
WHATEVER!!

Anyone figure out how she became a millionaire yet?
@NeverIllery @Thom2945 @AD_WHITMAN @SenWarren I believe the correct term is insider trading the same as the rest of Congress
I think you are correct.
Lie-Awatha speaks with forked tongue.
Not sure why you think using rude nicknames does anything other than define what a despicable person you, are but thank you for the heads up
That’s “deplorable” to you.  That’s ok though, right?
Did you see me use that?  You think calling a sitting congresswoman a derogatory and inflaming nick name is some how OK.  It's not.
Meh.  People do it to our president all the time.  Are you outraged by the disrespect shown to him?
I don't ever like the name calling. I wouldn't use a racial slur on anyone. But you do you
She appropriated the Native American culture falsely,I’m calling her out.  As a Native myself, I’ve been called worse by whites like you.
Shame on you. There is no proof that she isn't Native American. Her family narrative that was passed down is that they are.
Am I the only one who thinks this rhetoric is getting old?
Wish u would reply to my tweet two weeKS ago!
Tell the whole truth Pocahontas
Tell the whole story. Dropping the the top tax rate by 4% is not "slashing"& the President's tax plan DOUBLES the standard deduction to $24k
Lies, lies and more lies
Why do people vote for you   tell the truth for a change
But how does it affect native americans?
This is a heads up to all the alt- right, who some are much poorer than I am !! GOP don't represent you !! But GOD will hold you to account.
Your cherry picking ........ Over all its a pretty good plan. Majority of your voters don't make enough to pay much in taxes anyway.
That's all!

Your nonsense is so tiring.
Ur not telling the truth
Not true... go figure pocohantes is lying again
Same old talking points. Small businesses need a lower rate. If I save , I hire
Don't worry about that! Minorities are kneeling during a song at football games!
Obama allowed Bush tax cuts to expire. You claimed Bush cuts were only for the rich. Yet mid-class American's taxes went up $500/month!
...run up a new lie up the flag pole. Im tired of this one.
Liz, that's a load of BS.
I am just guessing here but I think what your saying is not true
When will people wake up and believe the facts that tax cuts to the rich make the rest of us poor. We do not live in the Matrix. Wake up!!!
Why do dumbocrats continue to lie? Its some type of mental illness im sure. The problem is dumbocrats are to unintelligent to see what really would happen but it would benifit all middle class not the rich like pocahontas. Its no secret try it libtar*s
Still playing to the uninformed! You can't be truthful nor do math! Tax rate goes up, but so do staggered deductions and income thresholds.
Dems only want to take our money our freedom and our choice wicked Warren knows better than Americans she's a Fabian socialist traitor
I would consider it a great favor if you could publicly embarrass @SenatorIsakson and @sendavidperdue the next time you're in session.
Total bullshit, Pocahontas!
Can't help it can you. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Dear America:  Trickle down economics does NOT work.  Sincerely, Kansas.
And anything new about what they do. This is what they do. Stick it to the working poor until it is the next election time. Then they care
Liz the stooge
this is a good summary:
Sen. warren we are in dire need of leadership anyone who knows something about America and the world not a orange little hand man baby
Says another lying delusional manipulative sadistic mouthpiece for the propaganda media.
When will u tell Americans the truth
....Pocahontas speak with forked tongue...
The trouble with Pocahontas is she like all Dems, don't understand tax cuts, only new taxes. Tax spend, tax spend, spend into bankruptcy
Just crazy.  How do people not see they are about to be abused?
Squaw speak with forked tongue.
Stop lying to constituents - they will remember your lies when you make your futile run for future offices. Just do your job.
Someone please shut this Hater up already
That is not what the plan does. As a #SMB owner this tax plan will help me grow my business and hire more employees.
whats with the red?
Like taking away one of the only deductions the middle class can actually use like the state and local tax and our house taxes exempt
#MarchTowardsFeudalism
Where do you come up with this stuff do you have any idea what's in the bills in front of you
Stop lying. Stupid people will believe u without research and finding d facts.
No it doesn't

Why are you lying? Oh, because that's what you do. You don't want to see people a little better off. You don't want jobs created.
Ps I'll take the word of one of the greatest tax professionals in Washington over you!!
What a superficial statement, but then that's how propaganda is. You think we can't see the 100% increase in the standard deduction? Sheesh!
The doubling of the standard ded. & the amt. on the tax table not subject to tax more than compensates for the 10% to the 12% bracket.
What do expect from a republican?
Pocahontas is old news.
That is GOPiam, sad to say it.
I doubt this is true. But that never matters
Not at all, a complete lie.  Why do you lie about stuff like this?  Are you only able to attract attention and support with lies like this?
Gotta pay for that military budget increase you voted for
Liar.
Not true
Since those are the people that voted for Trump I'm sure they won't mind paying more to help out the rich.
That's a lie! I'm in #MA and I want my taxes cut! STOP.
Wow, @SenSanders surrogate laughing at Democrats being pushed into ground by Bernie cartoon. Well done @WaywardWinifred @MarkRuffalo 
Welcome to #FakeNews
The American public deserves &warrants seeing all the details of this plan laid out &how they as single,married or with children benefit 
You are wrong. Quit lying to America. You screwed up our country and now we try to fix it and your nonsense doesn't help. Retirement called
Like islamo terrorists - libs believe it okay to lie to achieve ultimate goal; Controlling every aspect of ones life -xcept theirs of course
Since when is 4.5% “slashing”? Idiocy pervades libs because they NEVER learn. They just feel.

Next you will be telling us you have Indian ancestry.
It would be helpful to have specific numbers. Who in the WH would benefit, and who wouldn't. This is a good start. Define "working families"
Get Trumpers r delusional, ignorant or completely clueless, bt do they really think $1000 they might get is worth a recession? Always happ!
We've realized way back; there is nothing .@POTUS wants to accomplish u will support  Your fascist/Marxist agenda is your focus nothing more
We need to see proof of your statement!
You lie in order to hurt the American people. Your kind are done!!  If you don't want to help #MAGA, then leave and let someone else do it!
Between Elizabeth Warren and Uncle Bernie I don't know who lies more! Then again Debbie Wasserman Shultz is trying to be number 1
Blah Blah Blah Blah then why don't you submit a better way? You're too busy being Squaw Running Mouth with no solutions!
Don't you get it @SenWarren? Nobody listens to you or believes what you say. Find a new hobby.
Tax cuts for all. Taxation is theft.
GOP lost identity when Tea Party gained strength. Voters still trying to rid of the old & bring in the new! Democrats are many years behind!
@SenWarren has become a shock jock!  Democrats will keep losing until they face the truth that their party has lost its identity.
Tell whole story % for highest drops but deductions drop. That's going to hit people like you in the pocket #faker
Do you ever tell the truth Pocahontas? #highcheekbones
More complete and utter bullshit from the lying left.
Wow. You just blatantly lied.
Would not have expected any less from this President. Taking care of his own.

Take your medication. Your flat out lying.

listen to yourself??? you embarrass strong women with your silly rhetoric! stop praying on the less educated peoples fears
Liar!!!
Nice way to compare apples and oranges. Why don't you tell us the net result for the middle class, Liz?
Do you even know how to tell the truth anymore? Sit down. You do nothing but lie.
Anyone who doesn't support #TrumpTaxPlan has NO DESIRE to help our #Economy #BringBackJobs or wants #MiddleClass to prosper. #LiarWarren

How are politicians, like yourself, allowed to lie. Instead of hiding, face us like Trump does
Not true
I knew that would happen.  He only cares about the rich!  Horrible
Liewatha...average 1,000yr tax break for us
Trump is holding rallies pushing his plan, democrats need to do same or hold townhalls let folks know this Taxplan is a heist for the rich..
And bad for the middle class and future generations who will eventually inherit the deficit this plan will inevitably result in
Fake news just like you Pocahontas
Liar
Lies from a true liar.
Lieawokka STOP lying
It does not. Liar.
More lies from the left. You lack honor
Lies and talking points for corrupt media. U could care less abt middle class
Well you should be happy with this, right Lizzie, being a higher earner?
U might like some videos by Dick Morris on fb or his website. He worked for Clinton's and voted for Trump & always has level headed opinions
Republicans don't care as long as they and their ilk rake in the MONEY!
You're one of stupidest bitches in congress
that is why they support it, the GOP hates working families
You shitbags lie so much, your pissed Bc your in that 1 % shut up warren and retire
Lizzie. Please develop legit alternative. Enough nay saying. Please DO NOT RUN FOR PRES. it'll guaranty another Trump term.

You and Schumer need to go play cowboys and Indians then you can shoot each other
Tried and failed in Kansas.  Republicans in Kansas ultimately reversed the tax cuts.
Actually it does the opposite
OMG, you liberal leftists will always be just Bold Faced liers. You are a disgusting POS.
President Trump’s plan is the best Tax plan I’ve heard in Years it’s going to help Middle Class Americans TERM LIMITS
Your afraid of losing your job
That's all Democrats do is lie to middle class
More lies from Democrats. I don't understand why you don't want to help America citizens cut they're tax's
Lying as usual. Democrats are expert liars.
You are a liar. Just stop!
@HouseGOP explain this!
As a classic bluecollar worker, I never made more money or had greater opportunities than when Reagan was President. Democrat policies stink
Same here, THANK YOU for bringing up, Reagan,. If the people remember, Reagan said  gov. is not the solution, big gov is the problem,
The Democrats have destroyed the middle class. Democrat policies are destroying Massachusetts!

^ It actually increases theirs - plus they have 2 pay an additinal surcharge. It lowers the small business corporate tax which creates jobs
This is absolutely disingenuous! How do you sleep at night with the lies and propaganda that spew from your lips?
Harvard Professors are in the high earners group, be happy you got a tax cut.
Chicken Little Warren using Class Card and argue for more Americans to be dependant on gov't. Change tax code & cut spending
Is there anything you won't lie about?
Obviously Elizabeth Warren reading is not something you are used to. Stop telling half the truth Pocahontas
PUERTO RICO
#FakeNews can we have @USSenScottBrown back now? At least he represented the people's interest rather than his own.

That is not the hype being spread by Ryan.  When do we learn specifics??
You are a liar!
This is the issue you dont have any understanding of economics,
From zero to zero.  You must be a product of the current education dept
Fake news !!
How did you get to be a multi millionaire on a government salary?
The only people payin 10% now make <$9,325. With a standard deduction if 24k they'll pay ... Wait for it ... ZERO!
Next bracket up currently pays 15% on $37,950 = $3,892.5 after 12k deduction. New plan 10% of $37,950 after 24k deduction = $1,674.
Your either lying or not very bright. Considering your job is running the country, I really hope its the former!
Yea we have heard your rhetoric time and time again..one thing you forgot it is Not a tax cut when the money belongs to the ppl that earn it
And screws blue states
No tax cut Bill until potus shows tax returns so that the American public knows who the tax cuts are ACTUALLY FOR.
