When are you going to stop already. You dont like Trump. But we hate you!!!!!!
Great if Dems work with POTUS.. lost your memory??!! Where u been the last 8 yrs.
Did Indians have whistles? Aren't you appropriating someone else's culture here?
Fauxcahontis speaks with forked tongue
Ever notice? Trolls rarely get the .  Sad.
There is only one thing I can think of you can blow
Is this like a #senator railing against student debt, years after earning $400k to teach one class?  Sounds similar, eh?  #mapoli #fraud
Lol - scandal?  That's funny coming from Fauxcahontis
Hate speech? Why?
Contrary to your beliefs, not everything is a scandal!
Contrary to your beliefs, your orange messiah hates you. HATES. YOU.
You lost all credibility when you dropped your panties for Hillary
I keep hearing about all these rules or laws that don't apply to certain people. Why do we do that!
You ppl in Mass need to give Geoff Diehl a looksie.
Geoff Diehl has your back.
That's Chief Slapahoe tribe
That's some nice hate speech you got there.
Please keep persisting!

#ShePersisted
She persisted my ARSE!!!
Sounds like u knowwhatyour talking about Elizabut u don't.Obamadidsomuch destruction&nowPresTrumphas2pull thereins in.Get yourstorystraight
Jesus. You didn't once mention how important #DoddFrank is. I expected better from you Chris.
This is stupid shit
No.  You just blow period.
Hey squaw go back to the reservation
Ur Racist and proud of it is my guess
SenWarren is not playing with a full deck,dem or rep, she needs help.
This from the woman who's made millions off the backs of working people and students.
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @nytimes @dnc Trump is taking our money, destroying our jobs, ignoring consequences&trashing our leadership. @GOP idle.
It's crazy how just because your dad makes almost 100k, I could only take out PRIVATE loans for college, meaning no incentives like federal.
Bwahahahahahahahahah
Save our country, please and thank you.
I think it's funny you used the word "chief".
Cuz you lied about being Native American and about having a soul.
If you can't trust information you heard on NPR you may as well just give up. It's publicly funded and most reliable source.
Please keep on with the information. Too many ignorant ppl out there. We need to educate. Lets put civics back in school!!!
Information like she lied to get her teaching job? Got it!
Hope this doesn't mean no hope in PRIVATE student loan reform.I have them and would like at least bankruptcy protection to be added. Come on
So many ignorant trolls...so many ways to diss 'em! Need 1400, not 140!
  PERSIST ON, Sen. Elizabeth Warren
You two have no credibility!!! No one is listening!!!
You blow but a whistle ain't it.
U look ridiculous!
Promised to "drain the swamp" during campaign. Evidently to fill it higher with thicker  cr@p. Non-transparancy on ethics waivers.
Trump fired missiles into Syria because his daughter was upset over killed babies but lefted Paris Agreemt for Bannon in spite of USA babies
#FakeNewsIvanka #MarchForTruth  #TheResistance

That works too!
#shutupLiz
2 MORONS!!!!!!
THESE 2 IDIOTS - THESE ARE PART OF THE DEMS THAT HAVE RUINED OUR COUNTRY OVER THE YEARS!!!!
That's change the way this week house runs
#LyinRyan has to go. @DavidYankovich on tbe job.
BREAKING NEWS → Next week, the House will vote to dismantle #DoddFrank. The era of taxpayer bailouts and #TooBigToFail is over. 
I champion this effort and think your right on this one. However, your more motivated by hatred of one person than seeking truth, stay even
Who killed Seth Rich?
But you voted for the bailouts... Hypocrites!
Oh look two lib losers. Oops forgot Pocahontas is a socialist. Can u say Venezuela
You're my hero.  Keep up the good work.
Please help us overcome this maniac and stay vigilant
Lizzy Warren had a choice in 2016, the people, or big banks.  That's why we are #neverwarren.
Could you please read the Paris Accord & The 1st Clinton Global Warming Bill so the American Citizens know what the hell it means. Hard read
All of you on the left and hrc have made huge money off banks
I am trying to get an open letter to Paul Ryan to your desk. My 13 year old, who is a cancer survivor, wants someone to hear this letter.
Two babies crying because mommy won't give him another scoop of ice cream
What's wrong with the new chief defending big banks.  Lying American Indian Warren you are like your buddy Jealous Bernie.
MARYLAND PROUD!!!!
Right. Would YOU lie? HA
Hope there's nothing there
Thank you for an eye opening,
The scandal really is how the hell you make 400,000 teaching  and making koney off student loans when you say your against them
Graduated George Wash. Univ, Univ. Houston, & Rutgers. Thoughtful intelligent woman always scare small minded conservatives.
Thanks for Blowing the Whistle on Trump's back door schnanigans. Please keep us informed. Thank you!
Like people blew the whistle on you?
Get em Senator Warren don't let them get away with nothing
Isn't how you made your money????
Dog whistle?
You will play any side for personal gain
Can't wait.... out
You're desperately trying to deflect all attention away from your own guilt.
Pochahontas everything is a scandal with you.  Go away.
Did you just say Chief Banking Regulator? You're a racist.
What a joke! The DNC had 8 yrs, it's over Gang!
Complain complain. With WITH our President and maybe you won't be voted out of office.
That will solve all of Americas problems, elect @SenWarren to be president in 2020
Where's the third stooge ! Idiots
you blow alright but hot air
Blow the whistle on yourself! Crook!
Are you including Bernie Sanders wife in this investigation?
when will u blow whistle on your scandal..LYING about Cherokee blood to STEAL $$ for education
That's not all u blow Liz!
This is the "President" who promised to strengthen ethics laws? Wo railed against Wall St & then hires 1/2 of Goldman Sachs? More lies
Omg  ... how about a rain dance instead Pocahontas ?
Defending the big banks? Oh, you mean @HillaryClinton 
We only need to make up one scandal at a time. Let's stick to the ones going for now
Tear them up!!!
That's the ticket!

Seriously, Warren/Van Hollen 2020 would be an amazing ticket.
Part of this was Prez. Obama's refusal to prosecute them & letting them pay themselves bonuses w/ tax $.
We all should get use to see Trump placing a bunch of millionaires and rich people in key places Bunch of Hypocrites
are you going to blow the whistle on Maxine Waters and Pelosi
I truly admire Elizabeth Warren, keep up the good fight. THE TRUTH
Bobble heads in the rear window of a car! Sad out of touch & out of power!
Sen warren. The only words I have for you are very very BAD! End of story!
Pocahontas
Takes a blow hard to blow the whistle
@SenWarren is incredibly fake.  Progressives are on to you. Dont waste your time running in 2020 because youve lost our support. Completely.
google says your net worth is 8 million dollars, do you keep that under the mattress or in the bank? You trust no one & no one trusts you
We could have used your expert skills when reporting what happened in Benghazi with regard to the video.

Lieawatha, you have no credibility. Ride out your term as quiet as possible until you are voted out. You belong to the hypocrite party.
Sen Warren. How did you get rich as a Congresswomen? Can you answer that where did you get your money! Big Corp/Big Lobbying which one Sen?
You, Polosi, Maxine Waters Hilary are all true left wing BIMBO,S.......
Time for #ArticlesOfImpeachment
Y'all are old and tired. No one cares..
Is it his whistle or your whistle your blowing on?
Literally the fox guarding the henhouse.
How did you become so rich in Washington??? Oh that right libtard
Just like the Monsanto head appointed by Obama.
How did we make this far without you . Ya right
let's talk about you endorsing suzi orman fake credit card scam a few years ago.
Love the concern, but why is it never enough for some to run for office to to protect the people first when counting on corps is not enough
drain the swamp=the recruiting tactic for finding the scummiest appointees. Trump is the swamp thing.He always wanted his friends to profit.
Well good for you 
The big banks repaid all of the bailout money with interest. This isn't a scandal you hideous partisan. Do you teach this badly for $400k?
Mrs Warren. Do you do any work at all. You will complain about anything. Start thinking for yourself instead of criticizing everything. Bad
Of course he was,  WHO ELSE WOULD TRUMP SELECT!
This conflict of interest is the norm at USDA. They are set up that way.
I'm sorry, what exactly is the scandal? That you  don't like who the new banking regulator is?  Then  your role as a senator scandalous
Does the opposite game children play come to mind? Each hire chosen supports the opposite of Obama's action. Narcissist's revenge
ELIZABETH WARREN - STOP Whining - Talk about how the DNC AND HILLARY CLINTON WERE IN COLLUSION AGAINST BERNIE SANDERS AND HIS VOTERS!!
bbbut trump wouldn't do anything wrong   
And you use to defraud Native American Indians for your own gain. Ain't you a pair.
Well...WHY THE F IS OUR GOV'T ET UP THIS WAY THAT THIS IS ALLOWED?!?! 
He needs to be impeached. He is a dictator!
Of course you did, still waiting on the 'whistle' to be blown on your 'native american' scam. My friend you lack any integrity or standing
I wonder why u refuse to take a simple DNA test to prove ur claim to Cherokee heritage?
Scandel- your favorite word! And?..... Once in debate class i had to argue the side I personally disagred with- learned alot  got an A
It's kinda like making a drug lord the chief of police
Students repeated the same failed course 3,4,5 and 6 times. Some of the students exhausted financial aid on repeating courses.
You would appoint another bureaucrat
I watched them take advantage of students with disabilities. The young and old.
Thanks Senator Warren, and please keep fighting the good fight! #DrainTheTrumpSwamp
Crazy do fight there just crazy
Marking students present, passing them, enrollment and much more.
Hello Elizabeth, A for-profit university eliminated my position because I reported fraud. Title Four Funding and more.
I think he can't be any worse than you and your fellow Dems who screwed up the financials of this country before Obama took over & after.
Your the bigger scandal. Blow the whistle on yourself.
Thank you for your leadership
Didn't think it was possible,but with one tweet the word "scandal" became meaningless.
Sounds like the perfect candidate. !! Knows both sides of the argument
Yea he is probably on the take just like u Warren. Foreclosure queen is still a hypocrite.
The only thing you blow is hot air
I am so happy that you are both there and trying to keep the Administration on the up and up. Keep up the great work
Mary if you think Lying American Indian Warren is on the up and up you are one fooled lady or brainwashed lady. Any politician in
You blow alright
UNBELIEVABLE !!!!!! Thank you SO MUCH for  protecting #AMERICA and really the ENTIRE GLOBAL FINANCIAL COMMUNITY !! Forever indebted to you!
The foxes are guarding the hen house ... we are in big trouble, for sure!
I cannot believe the people of Mass. are paying this woman to create havoc. If I obstructed wk. at my job, I'd be fired! Former Dem.
Trump/Republicans are determined to destroy America with their lies and deceit. VOTE THEM OUT!!
Of course. Thats all i know wht to say anymore. The "SURPRISE!" is over.
Sounds great, let us know when even 1 person serves 20 years in prison.
"Scandal"
You are tireless!! America doesn't realize how much they need you.
How do we make this position accountable to the ethic rules?
As a center/right thinker, I agree with having the need for proper vetting in this case. However, you got to admit that you 2 have stood ..1
In the way in many cases. I want to see gov't work and that means together and over the isle. Division does no one any good
Thank you. Calling out these subversive actions not immediate to news media helps.
