POCAHONTAS!
ass
Has Ben Carson ever directed a budget or staff anywhere even vaguely near the size of HUD?
what about Barack Hussein Obama before he was elected?

and MAGA voters hate education.  21st Century No Nothings.
Not true. Education is not a federal issue, it was reserved to the states in the Constitution. 10th Am.I support local education.
Possibly but I'm not ready to allow a failed clothes horse like DeVos destroy what we have.
I don't want Federal influence either. The money should stay local where it can be best used, not doled out by bureaucrats.
Federal block grants aren't doled out by bureaucrats.
Don't forget that Ben Carson is an idiot savant, a brain surgeon with zero clue about anything else
and your bubbling intellect is far superior to his right?
Never said that. He is a distinguished brain surgeon who should stay that way
as I recall you said 'idiot' hence you have earned this participation trophy 
indeed: do read DT's many slanderous statements
if you hit first, he hits back and harder. Just like me. 
a weak man's strategy
your words are weakness defined.
HILARY LOST!!!! Get over it
Nah, we'll fight the Trumpers, instead. Thanks for your advice, though.
no problem. If you need us we will be controlling everything, aka winning.
LOL I bet you thought that after GWB too. So cute.
How could you vote to confirm him, then? A vote for an unqualified or detrimental Trump pick will do you no favors for reelection
I second this question.
Lizzy you Tweet crap and have few followers You were dismissed by Hillary Now we the people laugh at you and dismiss you
Elizabeth we are going to get you a helmet to wear so you don't hurt yourself on your own Mental Illness..!
now after 8 years conflict of interest is now of interest to you.  Hypocrite indian
Dr. Carson is a world famous brain surgeon. You got ahead in academia by lying about your genetic heritage!
Your a sad person Lizzy.  Dr Carson is a complete gentleman.
Carson is a jerk
Ur a racist Democrat.  The GOP loves Ben!
She didn't mention race- you did! Guess you're the racist. Project much?
Wrong, but Superb try at deflection. Continue ur hate, the Dems love it as fuel
Yep, projection. I've been a registered independent for forty years, but whatever.
Projection, lol! Ignorance is bliss!
"Ignorance is bliss"-That explains why you are so happy that Trump won.
Sen Warren you act is played out. You need to help the U.S. not be against it's leaders. #thedividepolice
your ?'s were so embarrassing I realized why women don't break the ceiling.

why did you vote for him? Honest question.
You can prove how the trump family could benefit
8 days to inauguration.  9 days to impeachment proceedings.
you understand how impeachment works, right? If not, ask Hillary, she probably knows
That you can't answer the question, says volumes.
Fake Indian is absolutely nuts. Your questioning was laughable.
would you ask Hillary to do the same?  Did you ask Obama to do this?  Why now?    Pure hate
You're the last person who should speak about the truth.
All were embarrassed by your ?'s 2 brilliant BCarson-no intellect would answer
Don't forget how gop lowered the bar for impeachment - Precedence.
you ask a question? Nothing good comes out of your mouth Poco except lies
hoping @realDonaldTrump will make sure you don't have a job. You're worthless.
You are so FULL of CR-P your eyes are getting Browner!!
Not everyone can parlay a lie into wealth and success like your claim to NAI heritage; if U can't prove your lineage it's lack of integrity.
If it was a Democrat President You Would Not Even Ask The Question.
#hypocrite
you danced around his answer. Can you promise you will not have financial conflicts? LINK please.
@dandydragonfly @realDonaldTrump If Carson danced around I feel sorry for your toes
You were being unrealistic he would have to Put in writing "trump can't have 1 dollar" Ludicrous #getherout
Dr Carson very classy considering your non-stop whining.
Dr Carson, morals that encouraged you to endorse the man who said he could grab women by the pussy, those morals? Good help us!
Thank you @SenWarren for everything you are doing. Keep up the great work!
trump wanted to buy Wagner housing in nyc, demolish it and put lux condos instead. Now he will have no problems doing this.
fake Indian grilling a brain surgeon who is 1000 x's more qualified than she is.anyone else see the irony here?
If @SenWarren thinks @realDonaldTrump is in this for the money, then she has reached a new low, No class. @SenWarren step aside we're #MAGA
i was watching and wondering how stupid the questions are. I'm like, "didn't she just asked that and he answered?"
Ben Carson didn't dance around your questions, U were just lacking of understanding cos u kept asking same questions he answered
This was the stupidest question yet! I can't believe you would ask that. Proves what a ridiculous person you are
He has no intentions of divesting his holdings or he would've by now. He intends 2 ENRICH himself at our expense
You're disgusting. It's not required by law. Back off!!
he totally wouldn't answer you directly. Dance puppet boy!

.@SenWarren settle down, Francis. Hit the peace pipe a couple of times. It'll be OK.  @realDonaldTrump
He probably didn't understand the question. Not the brightest star in the galaxy.
Then you need to investigate Dianne Feinstein, Harry Reid & Hillary. They benefitted by more than $10!
agree. But please do not vote 4 his dumb butt. Encourage others 2 laugh at the notion if voting 4 him,
You looney left R so hypocritical! U weren't at all worried about pay-4-play schemes w/Clinton Foundation! Hmmm
@peelows @realDonaldTrump somebody needs a hug
To Sen Warren, your question to Dr Carson shows just how utterly STUPID you & other looney libs are!
don't let @realDonaldTrump ruin our country, , please continue to fight the good fight, @SenWarren please!!!??? #growuptrump
I'm seeing situation after situation where either his team or he himself won't answer direct questions.
tump will fail watch and see i have an easy chair that i will watch it all. It will be great watching him crawl
get rid of him, he's clueless
Carson couldn't answer a yes or no question.  How is he going to make decision for all Americans?
Are you on drugs? You ask ??'s that applies to your Dem friends.Trump & Carson have more integrity in their little finger than you! Shameful
no he didn't dance around  your question. He was simply blown away by your hopeless stupidty
can you assure no pne in congress benefitted from obamacare?
did Hillary?
Stick to things U understand Lizzie like UR 'minority' staus
stay on"em Liz. Don't let them get away with any of it.
BTW, did you ask him not to funnel money to Senators, whose families are in the real estate business? Hypocrite!
What drugs are you on???
He did not dance around your question, Loony Tunes.
You Sen. Are another reason we need TERM LIMITS! Moron!
you r another rotting corps stinking up the room, sick of millionaire politicians pissing on the little people
because your questions like you are irrelevant but thanks for playing
Thank you Sen Warren, watched you !  Hang tough, hold nominees + ass-elect feet to fire, save us from them!
"It's Over" said Joe B. By the way, Trump is a billionaire. He probably doesn't need any illegal funds from HUD.
how many illegal do you hire and then pay them pennies for the work they do
Elizabeth Warren speaks like she knows how to funnel money off Gov Programs doesn't she?
Part American Indian Alright. Here's the proof.
Got your Harvard teaching job claiming your part American Indian. Your a Phony & a fraud https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-controversy-over-elizabeth-warrens-claimed-native-american-heritage/2012/09/27/d0b7f568-08a5-11e2-a10c-fa5a255a9258_blog.html …
Q- If parties reversed,wouldn't this make @SenWarren a racist in world of looney far left? @GOP @RealBenCarson
You voted to confirm known criminal as HUD Sec because he was a democrat. Cheated poor
@realDonaldTrump
why didn't you care about the money that was going into Clinton Foundation when she was Sec. of State!
the last thing Donald Trump needs is money
 foolish foolish woman he doesn't need money but you need a brain
Your question was completely #attention-#getting @RealBenCarson was polite to answer it at all.
I watched as you belittled a man of color. #SHAMEFUL! #RACIST #CHECKYOURPRIVILEGE #FAKESQUAW
Will EWarren guarantee any policy she promotes/sponsors will not in any way boost her bottom line?
NO. 
More specious babble.
@ealight461 @realDonaldTrump  You are so right. Thank you for standing your ground and asking the hard questions
Meanwhile, you have without a doubt discredited yourself. #youmakeAmericaweaker #hopeyourproudofyourself
- what you want is to give the people that need it most, less; and charge them more.
Your questions shouldn't be allowed. You are targeting a specific person just to try and discredit him
you're not worthy of being in the same room as @RealBenCarson, never mind questioning him. You're a con artist.
What do you mean Dr Carson danced around @SenWarren not like he is doing a rain dance like @SenWarren does .
Why is @SenWarren attacking a black man is she racist .
my god you're truly insane. Change your last name PLEASE
Ben Carson is UNQUALIFIED!
Why didn't you question HRC benefit from foreign contributions to Clinton Foundation, stupid, incompetent B!
You are a liar & only planting seeds in your Sheeple minds. Shame on you. HUD really? No slum lords in GOP

@realDonaldTrump
Omigoodness you so wish-Is it also a requirement that Dems live in self-fabricated fantasy worlds? †
I think he danced around his question because he doesn't know what he is doing. PLZ do not put him in. Too many people need HUD
she's not telling anyone about her financial side deals!! SMH! She's dances around our questions
Maybe because your question was ridiculous. Trump is not a criminal like Hillary.
I have a question for you, Elizabeth. Why do you hate the great @RealBenCarson... are you a racist person? #MAGA
you Pocahontas are a very sick person, with a lot of hate in your heart. You think everyone is like you..
true true true
we cannot accept this.  period.  and as the American people who fought for FREEDOM, we won't!
You mean Ben Carson the superstitious buffoon? He's conman & traitor Trump's token Blackman in his swamp cabinet
He danced around it because its completely irrelevant.
You must eliminate him too! MUST! @realDonaldTrump
Being an intelligent man Dr Carson found your kindergarten questions rather unbelievable after all what answer do you give to stupid
It's just a big joke!! #REPEALHEALTHCAREFORCONGRESS #Dontmakeamericasickagain !
Relax Pocahontas don't get your feathers all ruffled up and stop being an obstructionist 
U must still have had cob  in ur ear from last night He st up ans ur question U just could not hear 
exactly. Trump may know he'd benefit, so tells Carson to invest in x. Carson can't tell Trump would benefit & invests in x.
why dont u eleimnate yours, fauxcahontas?
there was no dancing
He did answer it, you just don't like the answer.
It was an unintelligent question asked of an honorable man.


@JustWhatNowWhy @realDonaldTrump Thanks! It was great.
@MAHAMOSA @realDonaldTrump  Elizabeth Warren I love and respect you.. hoping you will run for prez in next election!
And you will do what about it? We want action. Tired of words. This is why we just lost everything.
you are tweeting too much. Both of you. Really.
EXACTLY!  we are living in nightmarish times right now.  thank you for all you do.
and he doesn't understand the question
so when you take money for impersonating a American Indian it means that we should listen to you Pocahontas?
lying Elizabeth is from outer space 
@SenSanders The republicans with their policies are setting our economy on course for another recession.
This cabinet is so unbelievable
So they're ALL there 2make him $.
Where do you come up with this bull??? Warren you are just a despicable hatful Troll.
when we are free of people like you that fight for gov. Control. We will be better off
He answered you straight and to the point...He showed the intellect that you so sorely lack
Your going to be doing a lot of dancing the next few years that's for sure
Hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
Hey dumbo elizabeth the President & Vice President don't have to get rid of businesses & assets. They are exempt
that's such a dumb question!! You asked really dumb, politically motivated questions. You should hide for awhile
says the populist that campaigned for  "ms owned by wall street and Soros "
Warren and about all of these incumbents have out lived their usefulness.

who are you to talk ? You are corrupt as dnc bho hrc . watch the real news fake indian
You condescending questioning of a renowned brain surgeon was noted.
how do you ensure your investments don't benefit?
sadly an inexperienced person will be like that. But I think he was coached....
Thank you, Senator Warren, for your relentless fighting for the American people. We #RedState fighters need you! #Nebraska
Ben Carson should absolutely NOT be holding this position. He lied during primary & don't trust him to mange $$$
@rinkydnk2 @realDonaldTrump Keep fighting for the American people. They seriously need you!
just another monstrosity of trumps
.@SenWarren 
Republicans have a single tactic, one learned from Radical Islamists
It's called

TAQIYYA

@realDonaldTrump
fight for us Liz
Keep fire under #CorruptTrump #BenCarson in over his head. He grew up in projects doesn't mean he can run #HUD
Aren't you ashamed of yourself? NO! Because you don't know a meaning of the world. YOU HAVE FINANCIAL CONFLICTS!
Why wouldn't you donate YOUR salary to some good causes?You're filthy rich but still are taking money from us!!
Liz your hate is blinding your vision of what is right.
Ben Carson is a good man! The way you drilled him today makes me sick to my stomach. Shame on you!!
was it a rain dance?
Dr. Carson did a horrible job answering  your questions. He appears unqualified for this job.

Y R U dancing around the Q of taking $ 4 saying U were Indian. Start dancing or give it back to Harvard
You did an incredible job trying. #drumph picked the worst people for the job!
#notmypresident
the left has lost their mojo. And Liz is leading them down the path of no return. All of DC is a waste land imo
Take a dump or get of the throne. Innuendos are the root of CNN fake news. Your implications without fact r 2
Hey Hypocrite. Can you assure you didn't get "insider info" flipping those houses that made you profit??
- Because you can be SSOOOOOOOOOOO trusted as a beacon of truth?  Will believe you when you pay back tuition.
He doesn't need to promise anything.  You lost.
Quit asking stupid questions, #Pocahontas
you truly are the Queen of the Swamp.  I can't wait till  @realDonaldTrump gets rid of you and your swamp minions.
In a vastly male dominated Congress the only member with balls is @SenWarren
