Love this
Great wishing them Great luck and Prosperity
Phony
Thanks @SenWarren for being such a great role model.
What are they doing there..  Shouldn't they be at home defending our borders?
Laughable at best !
Warren 2020!!
You are one awesome woman!Thank you for your service to the people of this great nation!
You are my heroin!
You are such an amazing woman to watch
You're seriously a phoney and hypocrite.
Tsk tsk.Working on 4th when you cd b complaining about NKor meetings like our UN rep Haley?  #persistence
Good of you to visit our troupes
Hope you're informing them about how they are tools and should be quitting the US army
fight against an interesting man. well known personality, living on European country is moving to LA to run for president is?
Donald trump
She doesn't give 2 shits about them. It's all a PR thing and u all fell for it!  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I always hated the mandatory go meet the #dipshit elected official and keep your mouth shut time that was necessary during deployments.
You rock Senator.  Sending love from Wyoming.
Did you also land under sniper fire??
Good for you. The only thing I can agree with you on.
HBD
Love You Elizabeth. Wish this country had many,many more like you.
Pocahontas nobody wants to see you
they didn't want you, pocahontas. You'll never be president. Stay home.
This is disgusting. Nothing like seeing a "Progressive" using our military members as props for her flip flop on the war in Afghanistan.
Cool pics. Too bad you get to go home after. Thx for doing nothing.
I love this lady Elizabeth Warren you are very strong great job salute to our troops
THANK YOU FOR YOUR KINDNESS
Naturally, but rare, Thank you.
Thank you Senator.
Yes what a blessing 4 those that keep Help keep America free
Great
You are my voice in Washington.
Did you tell them about your support for cutting military budgets and sequestration?
Did they want your lying, partisan, photo op circus there?  Got another I arrived under intense fire Hillary story to tell now?
Did they want your lying, partisan, photo op circus there?  Got another I arrived under intense fire Hillary lie to tell us now?
Hero.
It's late, but are those some sort of pine trees in the first pic?
you are the best! You make me proud to be an American!
#Pocahontas, since when do you can for our troops, is this a publicity stunt?????
You would be honored to play a part in endless war
for a distant tribal country
Please retire and let the Dems win a few?
Way to really get out and see the troops...oh wait no those are all officers. Scared what the enlisted soldier would tell you hey Liz.
Did they call you chief?
Just do the job you were elected for!!  Your ranting and raving is most irritating and gets OLD. At times you like to play dumb, good cover.
You speak one way for the President, another way for another group and one of the most neg. people I have heard. Pelosis and Warren also.
You should be honored.  You are a socialist as such over the years you never really cottoned up to the mil.  It's all optics with you.
They don't want u there
Awesome 
Why? You hate the military!  According to your record!
Fake Indian pandering to blacks, gays and other minority players in military ..who do not represent the majority of our Troops and support T
I feel bad for them. President Obama lied.
Troops had to be ordered to smile. Get back to Mass and do something just anything to help the people of mass. #fakepolitician
Why are they still in Afghanistan again?
What a great president you will be. I can't wait.
Good for you. But don't get your hopes up for the presidency. No one votes for crazy
You are the best Sen Warren
thank you Senator.
stay there!!!!!
Your visit to our soldiers in Afghanistan is like Jane Fonda's visit to our soldiers in Vietnams prisons!
You are a shining light in the darkness of our government.Thank you Senator Warren.
Fantastic photos, Elizabeth....looks like you had a nice time!!

@madeleine:" As an immigrant offended by the travel ban's cruelty &....by its ignorance". https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
Madam Warren, you need to repent of your anger. You will never be President, it's not in you. GOD BLESS YOU!
Hello pretty , success movement
Awesome! Something Demented Donnie should have been doing instead of golfing!!
That's awesome.  Now it's time to support everyone instead of criticizing.
Please help. Help this family lay to rest their decorated vet to rest. Please read. https://www.facebook.com/groups/383815514990719/permalink/1439184702787123/ …
I'd be honored if you were our next president senator...
I'm sure they were thrilled! 
Maybe if you're good they'll keep you 
Thanks Liz! This beats the shizz out of Drumph playing golf
Please run for president in 2020.
You are so amazing. Our troops appreciate you so much. So do the parents of our soldiers.
Thank you for doing what the president was not.
Thanks for visiting our troops.
Did you have to dodge all the bullets like Hillary your butt buddy did?????
Never enough thks to those troops protecting people 24.7
Bravely defending Uncle Sams  Poppy Fields.
All officers though. 
While our unfit leaderwas
Very nice pics @SenWarren Love all the beautiful smiles. #ISupportOurTroops #FormerArmyBrat My family serves. Thanks to all our #Troops 
You are awesome. I wish i was in #afghanistan to meet you. Thank you for giving emotional support and love for our brave men and women 
Thank you for sharing
Beautiful. With @realdonald in office, there should be little trouble regaining Congress for the Dems.
I think Trump did the same thing...oh wait, no. He golfed.
Please stay there as long as possible
Udawoman!
Now, this is Presidential!!
Why can't @SenWarren be our president?
God bless you.  Somebody had his big butt at the golf course with no thought of them at all.
Thank you senator warren. A true American in service to our country.
Happy to see an elected official being patriotic instead of golfing. #TruePatriot
What for they r killing the humanity
Pocahontas is a lying liberal millionaire and anyone who believes a word she says is a FOOL.
It's more honorable to bring them home.  Stop supporting our bullshit foreign policy.
go out on patrol
This picture speaks so loud. Something trump never does, nor will he.
Thank you I'm sure they appreciated it
Did you go as POCAHONTAS representing the native americans?
Poor Rudy, that wasn't even funny. Sad!
I love POCAHONTAS...
Thank you @SenWarren.
Thank you
well done ma'am!
You keep our hope for a better world alive. 
Draft dodging Trump had no right to address the veterans the other day nor does he have the right to be CIC. Sen Warren is a patriot. Not DT
What no flak jacket and sweet sunnies like @jaredkushner
And where was @realDonaldTrump oh yeah that's right, riding a #golfcart getting his #extrascoop my #7yrold loves that too. #Happy4thofJuly
If that's Afcrackistan I must've been somewhere else eating all that dust and breathing the lovely poo pond (shit inland sea) fragrance.
Thank you Senator Warren! Thank all of you for your service 
Thank you for visiting our troops overseas. Plus a big thanks to our troops and a big hug
Amen,
In the REAR with the GEAR.  Did you make it outside the fence? Fucking politicians in the field.  Nobody wants you there.
Other than getting people to say "isn't that nice" what did you accomplish?  How much did this trip cost taxpayer?
I see you spent time with one of my captains in your first picture.  When does your next D.C. internship start?
Thank you Sen Warren. Words cannot express the appreciation I have for you & other Senators who tell our troops how thankful we r 4 them.
Senator Warren is the best ! Proud of you and the troops over there.
Hoping she runs next and makes Bernie her VP. I would be proud to call her Madam President. At this point my dog would make a better POTUS
I guess she's running for prez
And we are honored to have you as a Senator.
What do you want a pat on the back time to step down
Thank you. Poor Nikki Haley spent the 4th in meetings.
So grateful for them!!!
Are they all aware of the sacrifices that @nikkihaley is making by sitting in a meetings all day?
@SarahKSilverman I thought Obama pulled out the troops, and Trump was going to cut expendetures.
Thats what i would do if i was in usa service.  Servants of usa should be recognized personally on 4th, esp. away frm home
Can you please send my senator @SenJohnMcCain home to talk to his constituents about #BCRA .. thank you, Arizona resident.
Our @SenJohnMcCain actually listen to us? That would be refreshing
Ugh, a girl can dream right? Until it happens I will keep writing, calling and tweeting because he will hear from me one way or another.
WOW! Now, that's the kind of dedicated and courageous person, I want to see in the White House!
After repeated voting to slash military spending down to Carter era levels, I guess a hand shake and a selfie is to be expected. 28 yr vet.
Thank you @SenWarren for being their for the troops. They are not drones, they need to know we care...#BlessedAndGrateful
She can stay there
This is what a true patriot does on Independence Day. THANKS Senator Warren.
Thanks for your leadership! Remind @nikkihaley that it's not a 9-5 job.
I'd be honored if you'd stop sending our troops to Afghanistan.
while @realDonaldTrump golfs for the 34th time

That's what leaders do !!  Keep up the good work soldiers and Mrs. Warren !!
Place clear Afghanistan
Go Liz! So proud to have you as my Senator! 
Haha, how many were forced to be nice to you? You couldn't pay me to shake your hand.
She's such a joke.
You are awesome Sen Warren. It's too bad 45 was golfing.

You are the best of us, representing us. Keep up the fight, and bringing dignity and respect to government service.
Nobody is fooled by you.  #CNNblackmail
Meanwhile @nikkihaley boo hoos about having to work on a holiday... 
Thank you for your work.  Stay strong for all if us.
Who paid for your little trip?
This is a REAL senator. Someone who cares and sacrifices for her troops and constitutents.
@senwarren finally a decent use of our tax money. keep the patriotic thing going.stop killing unborn & oppressing the poor with fed programs
Did you spend any time with the enlisted?
The Afghan War has been going on for SIXTEEN YEARS. It's old enough to drive. It's renting a tux for junior prom. No more endless war!
Yes, while @realDonaldTrump GOLFS 
While Chris Christie goes to the beach he closed
@nikkihaley ...you are not the only one working not to mention everyone else that was called in to the WH...were the chefs/cooks off?
Very presidential if you I am sure the orange baboon will spend it with his rich friends!
Great people especially for welcoming anyone.
One thing you could do is send home all of your troops.  The world doesnt need USA attacking
president 2020!
poor soldiers have to listen to the whining and lying.. so sad!
If you want to support troops, bring them home—and close US bases in hundreds of countries, end arms sales, end murder by drone!
I wonder if you ever visited the people of Afghanistan,  which still suffer due to harsh policies of USA n let other to intervene.
Make sure to take plenty of pictures, so people will know what you did. It's not selfless if you brag about it, stupid.
Great
IT IS ALL A SCAM,  THE LIBERALS ARE AGAINST THE WAR, REMEMBER TRUMP IS FIXING OBAMA LEAD FROM BEHIND AND HE AS WELL HATED THE MILITARY,
Thank you Senator Warren
nice
Stay safe! Thank you for caring!!
Thank you @SenWarren! Please keep standing for all of us!
