Tonight on All In: @SenWarren #inners 
I can only hope that you come FACE 2 FACE with the very criminals TRUMP IS TRYING TO KEEP OUT
I'd rather chew on my own toenails
never sqauw
@allinwithchris will you announce finally paying back $ u STOLE by LYING about Cherokee blood?
tune out
ok....NO
@allinwithchris God bless you for all your hard work on Healthcare and women
defund planned parenthood
Keep up the great work!
Enjoy your time on a failed network that nobody watches
That should be a circus well u r a clown!!
Watching. @SenWarren
slay queen. We trust you
nothing like an empty wheel barrel spouting to the socialist megaphone
Tune in tonight Cherokeee Warren has Breaking News..... Trump paid his taxes and Ice is cold !!! #Fail
only if you're going to announce your retirement
I'd rather sit through a horror movie (which I hate) than watch LIAWATHA on TV
Pass - I think you are a few bricks shy of a full load!
sit and have a conversation with God ask for a sign to help you grow up...and shut up

that is the only way u r going to realize the fears of American people who aren't TRAITORS
u DEMOCRATIC women in congress deserve no respect no class and act like children on a playground
who wants to watch a bunch of LIERS and FAKES
you should have run in the primary. You would have beat both hillary and trump and we wouldnt be in this mess

the babble cray live
Cray cray its in the  
hey he's just like you
Why would anyone put them through your nonsensical autistic screeching?  No thanks.
No thanks, I'd like to keep my supper down! You're a liar and put out false narratives. You only care about trying 2 be president
please run against DJT in 2020. 8 full years of #MAGA
lol please wear your Indiana garb for this.
What did I miss or does it really matter?
no
shouldnt have scheduled that tonight President Trump will be on @TuckerCarlson so you will have horrible ratings.  
Tune out tonight!
I loved how you countered Hayes attack on the word "lies" - he tries to undermine Dems a lot on his show.  You handled it great!
If they are possibly considering you running for Pres in 2020 then Trump is a 'shoe in'
NO!
ONE (MORE)NAME Monica Crowley newly registered foreign agent pro kremlin.
You going to wear your headdress and do a sun dance to stop winter Pocahontas? I'll tune in if that's the case. You hack-----
Russia I'm moving to Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
r u going to release any tax returns for potus? Is it breaking news?
hey finally you got your answer to Trumps tax returns join your fellow Dems and fake news MSM in making fools of yourself  
Now remember, don't be so emotional
I will NOT be watching!
BLAA BLAA BLAA
how come you never go on FOX? Afraid to be exposed? Like, how did you accumulate $15 million wealth in the senators' salary?
to discuss our failing #healthcare or how you champion #resist while the rest of us pay high premiums and no one wants work on it
The only way Liberials can exist is to BRAINWASH our youth and create a class warfare! Create fake news and lie lie lie lie lie !
no thank you Pocahontas or bobblehead
I'd rather watch paint dry.
you're HILLARYous!!!  You must really love obama
hey crazy indian, Trump paid $38 million in taxes in one year, or 24%; higher than all prominent whacko libs like yourself...
nutty Lizzie is on the loose!
your witch hunt is failing
for what? To listen to your ass babble a bunch of nonsense? Lol Lunatic... #bowlcutsforallleftists
You ma'am are a #RadicalLiberalTerrorist.
@allinwithchris college dummy. Can you imagine how fast the educated are catching on
@allinwithchris Becoming more & more obvious to me that you're not working for us anymore, as if you ever did, and I'm just a no
not a Government of Trump,  for Trump,  and by Trump.  It's We the People.  Sad

No one likes you.

are your going to talk about how you lied about your heritage to get into Harvard? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I think I would rather watch paint dry
@SenMarkey I can't be in DC tomorrow for the emergency rally for @EPA, but I want you to #StandUpForScience and #DefendClimate!
hypocrisy is the only thing she stands for!
FAKE NEWS CHANEL FOR CRY BABY DEMS. WHO WANTS TO HERE HER WINE & CRY! WASN'T SHE TOLD TO SHUT UP?
Do you only take questions from other lefties? What are you so afraid of?
we love you and are so appreciative of your work... We are always on your side and hope we can help. Nice interview with Chris H!
HILARIOUS, no one will be watching except your immediate family.
we want to see Trumps taxes
so you're on a low ratings show on a morally bankrupt network -  and you're proud of that??
Please let this be the announcement of your 2020 run for President!
what about low income subsidized for medical and the rest have free choice in private market place with lower premiums.bad?
do you want Americans controlled by government?
crazy nut job! Veterans hate you!!
wow, you finally are going to be interviewed?  Good tough call on this one.
.@housedems and stay tuned for @maddow . It's getting unbelievable to see what's going on @HouseGOP!
I'm good Pocahontas
I'll just summarize: "You deserve free stuff and I'll get it for you by force. Also Trump is a bad racist." How close am I?
you are Awesome! Keep fighting Elizabeth!!
Just watched the show Senator. Deeply appreciate your assessment of #Trump conflicts and your honesty. Keep up the good fight!
Trump was allowed to run. We knew he was a business man. The people voted him in. We won. He is going nowhere.
Please run for president. We need you.

y is no one questioning 1B$ profit suddenly to krushner from china while krushner sat in mtgs Wh and china ?
darn I missed the wacko . I needed some good laughs today. Maybe next time .
saw u on Chris tonight Sen. I appreciate all u r doing!
watching now!  Thank you!
Brag about your states healthcare? You forgot to thank Mitt Romney for that.
@allinwithchris I love you Senator Warren, but I have a date with Rachel Maddow. #trumpstaxes #passthepopcorn
How's that popcorn tasting about now
thank you for your work
work? So useless yelling & screaming, wasting taxpayer  for a battle you know you are going to lose, is called work?
Tuned in
You are a sore loser. This is our country. Let the President get on with  #MAGA! Thank you
Omg Sessions is caught colluding with Russia

conflicts of interest incompatible w governmental ethics #impeachtrump corrupted WH
Senator are you and your family willing to forgo your senate health care for Obamacare?
Where are all the other Dem voices from the house and senate? Angry about so much silence except from 2 or 3. No excuse!

BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.

(Seriously).
squaw you need a big buck!
is he still on tv? What channel is he on?

#SinglePayer. Get with the club.
Tweet Tweet! Have a good time, Liz!
would rather take a beating than listen to your lieing fake Indian
Let Paul Ryan push this plan.....He WILL go down in flames with his Morally Bankrupt buddy Trump! Keep pushing for the little guy Liz!U
wants wrong with low income get subsidized medical and rest get freedom to choose plan in competition private market
WE'RE PROUD OF YOU HERE IN RHODE ISLAND. TRUMP IS A CROOK. #BIGGEST SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
if you still can't see it: 8 ET
yea right. No one likes you fake indian..
wouldn't watch you if my life depended on it. Your a liar and a fake. #richlib
Rachel Maddox says she has trump taxes tonight. Has posted that alot in last 15 minutes.
well, rachel is a propagandist.  let's see if she has FACTS.
@allinwithchris. Please bring to media attention that the mandate is repealed for penalty after 2 yrs uninsured.

I won't tune in...residuals from #stella2017 
I have already seen your silly act
MSNBC has Trump's tax returns. Tonight at 9 ET

#Liz4POTUS2020
Iv'e "Tuned Out" and "Turned ON"....2 REALITY...CAL BERKELEY...Relives...History....as do U and YOURS...Later DUDE @POTUS

and stay for @maddow
.  I was out side shoveling the blizzard to make chihuahua path & heard myself chanting #Neverthelessshepersisted  T/y Sen Warren
Senator Warren, please be a little more serious. You are acting like a mad person. Your a bit branded by your nasty woman speech
your getting voted out Pocahontas. Enjoy your last days.
Jerk
not sure racism and name calling are necessary. Plain ignorant...
 I'd rather watch a documentary on the Dung Beetle rolling up a wad of Elephant 
Bernie had to beat Hillary first. Right?
Tax Returns first;)
Oh good are you announcing your resignation?
soon, we all hope!
wish we could establish that Bernie Sanders should stop criticizing Dems until he becomes one.
Bernie Sanders is a NEW DEAL Democrat.   Clintonistas are a REPUDIATION of the New Deal.
@maddow says she has @POTUS @realDonaldTrump tax returns on her show at 2100 on @MSNBC hope you tune in!
I hope you are in studio tonight. Walk over to @maddow show and checkout the #TrumpTaxReturns
will be watching
if so my 3rd wife wants to get in on that.
Thank you for persisting for all of us, Senator Warren! 
#NotMyPresident
.@SenWarren on @allinwithchris at 8, Trump tax returns on @Maddow at 9. This is gonna be a good night! #inners
feel sorry for that person
Does this also have to do with Maddow having tump's taxes?

Right after @maddow tells us allll about 45's tax returns!
I'll be Watching Senator
I bet she will not be asked any meaningful question.
Dies Maddow really have Trumps tax returns???

BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC.

(Seriously).
I'll be there!
yes please!  Then tune into Rachel Maddow afterward. She has Trumps tax returns!
oh, YAAASSSS 
Plz do townhalls frequently with Chris Hayes in trump countries. Please.
Cuck
