you are just a Democratic plantation runner and while in mass helped out the big wigs who donated to your campaign no words
just like you try to impress your liberal buddies on how to pass as a minority and spread lies
How is it that 3 great Americans, Yates-Baraha- Comey get fired from important jobs and Ruskies end up getting intel in the OVAL OFFICE?
Give us a break
All bo yes men doing his evil bidding
Like the government
More Americans need to speak up against Trumps and his many lies.
What is it going to take to get him removed from office??!?!?
Probably his death, which I don't wish for him, but I'd like him to gracefully, or not so gracefully, leave office.  Melania misses him. LOL
Doubt that!!that's why she stay in New York @ a cost to taxpayers of 140,000 daily disgraceful!
What can we do about it? He fans don't care, and we're not gonna change their minds. Why waste the time bitching about what we can't fix?
Do something about it he guity of treason and all I am hearing is talking with no one doing jack shit
so where were you when Hillary sold uranium rights to the Russians and accepted money from them and Wall Street no words from you
Well apparently it does because the GOP won't step up.
And theDnc stepped all over the constitution
This reminds me of when he wanted to impress Billy bush but now it's America's security he's talking about Not woman's genitals.45, pitiful
Get real ,open your eyes. °°°!!!@!!!!!
Shoddop. You're unworthy of Putin and his country.
Sounds like Hillary
Omg. I'm so sorry @SenWarren!! I thought all along you were Janet Reno.  Sorry for the mix up. @srkeller1992
Where was the outrage when @POTUS44  have Putin the codes to Europe's missile defense system. #democrattraitor
He has to be stopped
It is so sad that the Republicans  think more of their party than they do their country.  If this was Hillary it would already be over!
Trump has placed us all in danager because now our allays don't trust him to keep his mouth shut these is really bad
still no proof of a russian connection eh?
What friend will now trust sensitive data n US care? How will institutions hv any faith n the US? How many ppl wil die? Dead Soldiers Matter
To him it does. He's thinking of big Russian bucks when he's out of office, but they would stomp him like a bug if it benefits them
Who killed Seth Rich?
wipe your mouth you're drooling
where were you in mass when minorities were spread around mass like cattle for towns to make money off of them no words
where were you when Hillary broke laws and covered them up and lied about them or when she went to bury a KKK member, no words
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Red Don would sell his children if it meant a better deal for Trump (con)industry.
He's a criminal. Impeach Ryan first. Then the watch.
You think he cares about that? He's DONALD TRUMP!
At least his not trying to impress u Pocahontas shutup ur not pure,check ur sourcemaybe his tying to impress the native Indians too dah
Nasty woman
The Toddler-in-Chief must go!
Did #SecretaryOfState #Clinton keep #Americans & our allies safe as #ClintonFoundation rec'd MILLIONS in #bribes from #Russia 4 #US uranium?
Oh what a load of horse crap, Liz. Anyone can see it was the CIA and Seth Rich
responsible for DNC leak and propaganda of Russian hacking...
What did you do when Hilary leaked classified info for 2 years. Nothing is the answer. You just let it happen hypocrit
put your head back in the sand.
You're being rational!  Have you forgotten what we're dealing with?
This from dems who chickened out allowing 500,000 Syrians to die and 5 million refugees to Europe destabilizing Europe
Hell yeah!
Private server
So how come I have not seen you all over the media every day condemning Trump.  Who is leading the movement and who will unify moderates?
And u have done nothing to help solve the problem but run your mouth no solutions ever from u just criticism of others as usual such a waste
That's all he was doing - but the problem is he didn't even know where he got his information!!!
When @realDonaldTrump  brokers a Palestinian solution you Lib's will crap yourselves. What did Obama win the Nobel Peace Prize for anyway?
Kind of like when Obama told Russia he'd give in to Russia after the election was over.
It does when you work for the Russians.
Fake news
But what will it take for the spineless cowards to demand investigations?  The same that crucified Hillary over Benghazi - where are they?
Speciation. And the fact you rant on Twitter just like you claim President Trump does I find humorous! 
That's right! The big blow bag was trying to impress What an idiot Those Russians played him like a fiddle lol
At least he's not selling 20% of our enriched uranium to them and letting her lech husband charge a half million a speech, like Hillary
Hillary put our security at risk why aren't you  ankle biting her
@SenWarren tweets twice as much as our beloved president.
We need to Impeach @POTUS he's not fit to serve @SenateGOP! Someone pls do something B4 he harms us more! What an IDIOT!
Keep #ResistTrump and he will quit.
Elizabeth you are the real traitor to this country. Start acting like a real American and support this country. What a poseur.
He needs to go! The GOP had better make that happen! I don't think we can wait til 2018
It does for dt
Elizabeth, put your special needs helmet on and go outside and play.
Your speculation is not improving America.
Lies!! Go jump off a bridge anarchist
I don't think Israel will be happy sharing info in future.
Yes your right . I just got Angry .
Dems willingness to do nothing for 8 years put us in this situation. Quit blaming everybody and look within your own party. Get to work.
TRUTH! You are correct. Demand removal!
His whole life he gets off on being "the best, the richest, the most powerful" due to his money that can buy and influence.
Hey, but he wants to build a "wall" with our taxes money to protect us ! #TRUMPRUSSIA
Stop it. A true Leader calms the water especially in times of upset. So... R u an agitator or a Leader?  Stop grandstanding and hating.
Trump was played like a fiddle, it was child's play! Ego is everything. Laughing it up& cozy with Russian buddies, he was primed to impress!
Who the hell are you trying to impress? No one is the answer! You are not worth you're title in Givernment! You need to get out of politics
They're not just "buddies," @SenWarren . They're his SPONSORS!
Pocahontas LOL. She was beautiful. And if yall think thats an insult to Ms. warren thing again..
Care to comment #Pocahontas  #Benghazi #SethRich #SeanLucas #Uranium1 
Why cant he just move to Russia and allow someone who really cares about America and the people have it. Im ready for 46.
thoughts on this plz comment #Pocahontas  not forgotten #SethRich #SeanLucas #Benghazi #Uranium1 
The documents abt the election meddling comes from England & a former MI6 operative.There's also proof of Alalytica Cambridge's use of media
Tthe Democrats drum up a russian theory.and put people s safety,security and lives in harms way .All in the name of hate #VoteRepublican
This is what #Pocahontas?!? #SethRich #seanLucas #Benghazi #Uranium1 
Yet you and your cronies want to let Radical Islamic Terrorists come into the country at will.  Wake up, it's not a Muslim Ban.
Then hold him to task for it
That's President Trump, Pocahontas, & thank God for President Trump. He will #MAGA
You going down with the rest of us..  Just wait for it..  America can never be great with him as 45
Bat shit crazy runs deep in Trump. He thinks he is smarter than everyone. Putin is playing him and laughing at us

" impress his Russian buddies" and build on his own Russian celebrity status!  
Lizzy why did you approve the sale of uranium to the Russians if you are so concerned Trump wasn't in office when that d al occurred! TRUTH
Oh how short your memory is.  I recall Obama getting on TV and disclosing our troop movements in Iraq risking the lives of our soldiers.
Trump has a driving need to impress everyone. It doesn't matter who they are. That makes him a security risk and very, very dangerous.
more moronic babble from a true moron
Than build a wall to protect the Nation & the People. Set Travel Bans to stop terrorist from entering. Than pull your head out!
Like the safety of the Americans in Benghazi ?
Geet Him out Elizabeth!
"Russian buddies".  I've seen that in several Dem tweets today. Well rehearsed talking points. You are all ridiculous!
Senator, if Trump did indeed share classified information with the Russian FM and Ambassador, he has essentially violated his oath of office
Hey,you voted for him,a little late to complain isn't it?
Senator he vuolated, AGAIN,Art 3 sec III of constitution. The battle is the GOP protecting this crazy maniac. WE DON'T GET IT! sincerely USA
Trump's bloviating mouth spilled secrets directly to Russians in the Oval Office!vs.Hillary using wrong email server
Evil is you and your faux Russian conspiracy. You are exposing your corruption
bro, nobody is buying the russia fairytale.. seriously stop war mongering #SethRichCoverUp
IMPEACH
He is the President- he thinks he is right - & the right has been given to him as the elected President & he has many supporters

Seriously. 
Time to be quiet ! We are sick of your double talk
So what are YOU doing about it besides tweeting sweetheart? Are we gonna have to hear the missles coming before anyone in DC stops him! WTF!
What other politicians have u asked that of?
Take a nap
It's all about him.
He's not impressing anybody,  he's making money for his family and his business, he doesn't give sh... about the American people.
Don't try to make anger with me,think about in your times HILLARY & PUTIN & OBAMA & MERKEL ONLY DOESN'T SHARE SAME BED,IF IT CAN BE THEY DO
Wrong again! MSM 0, Dems 0, President 133.  Dems and MSM are putting our nation at risk. Our Son & Daughters will die on your lies.
Your desire to impress ur friends made you lie about being an Indian
Gee, that's just as bad as telling Russia intelligence secrets.
#Youhavenointegrity

Senator, It's like a cold war era tv show about KGB sleeper cells taking over USA. But it's happening live & right in front of us
 over 
#sethrich
Maybe you should look at the security of our country when HRC was secretary of state. She was a traitor and always will be.
What the hell does that have to do with what is happening now? Damn. God help our education system,  especially where/if ever you got one.
It isn't even about Trump anymore. It's about an ideology that sucks like you. 
This is not a reality or game show. Many knew (R and D) this would happen long ago. Reach across the aisle to the Rs, to gain suprt. #nuts
It does now
Absolutely spot on!!!
Remember Seth Rich
Ms Warren u will always be a fake Indian i wonder who whr u trying to impress by stating that...#RIPSethRich
Your stupidity is overwhelming
And what did YOU say when PBO shared Trident CI w/RU? Same thing said by endorsing Wall Street grifter for President?

...

Thot so.
“…[Trump's] desire to impress his Russian buddies does not outweigh the safety, security, & lives of Americans & our allies." #CAPIdeas
Pocahontas
His efforts are to keep Americans safe. Your efforts are distract, demean & destroy POTUS. I support President Trump.
Get your head out of your ass.  That's the opposite of what he's doing.  His efforts are to make himself and his cronies rich
...important that let him sell the country away to the Russians...wake up...
Yes, Warren. You, Schumer, Pelosi and all the rest of you fossils please resign. Stop inciting your followers with misinformation.
Bye Bye!
Will anyone step up to start impeachment proceedings? #trumprussia
No, But he feels his own personal enrichment does.
We have an infantile running this country...the republicans need to take a hard look at this man and do something...tax cuts can't be that..
No proof this happened. Where was your criticism of H Clinton and her server and classified info?
twitter is such an awesome way to lay out liberal economic policy. it is so free flowing and you are able to take the time to articulate. 
Sen Warren, you talk a lot about the Trump issues but you have done nothing to fix it. All talk, no show. 
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
ya think?
For someone who complained about Trump tweeting 
you blow him away
You're a tweeting maniac
Did you get a load of them in the oval office, they all acted like they just partied together last night!
He looked soooo excited meeting the Russians in the oval office...looks like he was going to pee his pants...did he?...TRAITOR...
Do something. I can not believe the crap that is being allowed by congress! I know you would if you could, but at least shake a tree
Perveyer of faux news Pocahontas
When our press is not allowed in, one has to think it was all deliberate. Playing stupid now doesn't cut it for me.
Liz, you got hooked like everyone else on PACs Fundraising. You are not different from anyone.
Done in by more "locker room talk"
I am not sure the keyword is please his buddy but he seemed more under obligation to give our nation away to Putin

got any evidence of anything yet?

this sounds like the usual hysterical innuendo with nothing to back it up
Be patient, sit back, relax, time will come.
Trump is making America and our citizens a huge targets.
Liz, you don't like my idea to discontinue PACs? Or you do?
Maybe if he read intelligence briefings....
should not that is

To him it does. TRUMP first.
Glory be to Allah, All Praise is for Allah, There is No God but Allah, Allah is the Greatest
TASS Crew in Oval Office had audio/visual equipment. If Trump/McMaster/Powell are lying, they too could be blackmailed by Russia!! @FBI
