There’s no question this is a powerfully important moment for the Senate, the Trump-Russia investigation, our rule of law, & our democracy.

we stand with POTUS!!!
Great, and so it goes, nothing changes.  And so we know trump lies, and so it goes, nothing changes, how do we make this mockery stop now.
How I wish We have such vocal senator in Kenya. Stay blessed sister of humanity.
COMEY BUSTED THE DNC TRUMP-RUSSIA. F A K E  NARRATIVE
So YOU blindly #Comey, when YOU know how corrupt he has been?  Party 1st, then AMERICA, is that how u roll Lizzy
FINALLY something has shut his tweet lips for a while!!! How refreshing!!!
No need to tweet--Comey proved the Russian thing is all BS AND admitted to be a Leaker!!!!  Have fun in jail!!!
He "leaked" an intro to his own testimony which he repeated during his chair time ! That's not leaking!! Doofus!
It seemed like senator McCain was confused on which investigation he was talkkng about. I never heard of hilary colluding with Russia.

Comey is a leaker..imagine that.
Can't wait to tune in and see Hillary and lynch in handcuffs !!!!!
While you are at it include immigrants reform and equal right and treatment for all citizens!
Stop worrying about Trump & Russia and get on with fixing US domestic problems! Jobs Healthcare and criminal justice !
Yeah Comey should be jailed with Clinton.
Watched it .Trump's clean and Loretta lynch is not and Comey is a nut job .thats what I got from it
Is this the Senator Warren that lied about her ethnicity and took a job away from a minority?
Is this the same testimony where he said Trump isn't being investigated?
Is this the same testimony where admitted that a Democrat Attorney General put pressure on him concerning the Hillary investigation???
I would rather go to Disney World
I guess if we get a do-over you're going to push Hillary your girlfriend Clinton again huh
You and your cohorts are getting rich off the lobbyists and we're losing our country to a foreign government you should be ashamed
No colusion!!..now whst lies you goong to make up?
I've always been proud of America. I'm questioning that thanks to trump
I also descend from prominent pilgrim Richard Warren. I honestly believe you are a disappointment to why he came to America? Very sad.
We watched it.. Comments.. Did you know about Lynch ordering Comey
Warren family of America descends from pilgrims. Read historical account of how they learned early socialism degrades society. Ironic much?
I love this lady
Tell me is a liar just like you
Case closed, no impeachment of the President. No for the Clintons to be indicted.
Smoke Signals Pokamahantas.
What did I find out?  The Director of the FBI was a leaker!!!!!  He should be jailed!!
Bet you won't agree though, will you Pocahontas?
You go Trump !
It dosn't make any difference with you still wouldn't be happy no matter what you can't "stop hateing from the fare left "
Watched it. Comey and Lynch are clearly criminal. Trump? Not so much. Sorry if the facts didn't fit your narrative.
Shut up Pocahontas
Anyone who has ever had a boss knows that "I hope you can get this done today" is a nice way of saying "do this now."
See Comey make an ass out Democrats yet and and accuse Loretta Lynch of obstruction of justice. Good times fir all
How that work out for ya
No Smoking Guns!!! 6 Months of Progressive Democrats Bull and Millions of Taxpayers Money TERM LIMITS
That was incredible. Wow. Holy crap. I mean, crazy. It was bonkers. Props to the head of the #ChaoticNeutrals  #Ravenclaw #represent #FBI
Comey: opportunistic earth scorcher
@HouseGOP Schiff your hot air has been cut off. Now we know where all the leaks are coming from. Can't trust government.
#Russia #Russia #Russia huge idiotic distraction from fraud #ClintonFoundation  #pedogate #Justice4SethRich #justice4shawnlucas #DNC lawsuit
As thought Dems & MSM have Zero! Credibility and respect from the American people.
Boy I watched every bit of it and saw that Senator McCain was very unfair with him and that maybe he was having a physical/mental breakdown!
E. Warren ,AKA"THE WORM" will get her two cents worth in.
Your worse than Geraldo on  Al Capones secret Vault....
Well did you get a ear full. Ha, ha. I love president Trump.
Why? This CNN soap opera has run long enough. Comey destroyed Sec Clinton and now he wants to destroy Pres Trump. The guy is sick.
Comey admits he had a friend leak the memo.  Deserved to be fired!
He warned the President. He provided an explanation. He was fired. Nevertheless, he persists.
James Comey is a true patriot! Thank you for your service.
He has been compensated extremely well for his services. You would be also be a patriot,for these perks.
He was asked to violate the rule. He was asked again to violate the rule. He was asked again and again to violate the rule.
James Comey was  Director of the FBI. The president violated the rule. He was expected to be loyal.
It's all he said he said. Totally meaningless!
What's Donnie saying? He has blocked me!
Cherie, totally silent, so far
Warren is scum
Fake Indian
Go to sleep pocahontas
So Pochohontas now you love #Comey you're ridiculous and so are all @TheDemocrats
Yep-we found out the Russian thing is BS AND the Director of the FBI was a freakin leaker!!!!!
Like I said nothing but conjecture. Stop wasting tax payer money. Didn't Dems learn anything during election. Citizens tired of waste
Yes to out this matter the bed and move forward empowering our country #please remember
Democracy is about the Truth no matter where it leads us.
And it leads us to realization the Russian thing is all BS and Coney was a leaker!!!! Put him in jail.
Comey said he felt the urgency to document discussions with Trump because he sensed that Trump would lie about the content.
Wasn't that bizarre especially hilly Clinton insisted she was not going to be prosecuted during election. How in the HELL did she Know that?
Ifb
He's already said more than I thought he'd say!   Can't wait till Senators Harris and Angus King ask their questions!
We need to vote out every democratic politician in out government!  If ur a dem and want a job switch now!
Why, you going to give us a lie by lie comentary
Why watch it? He's gonna lie because orange douche got to him.
Boom... Comey leads with the jab!
This Comey crap advertised and televised- the whole thing- this administration- the press- it's a Fucking Capitalistic Cash Grab. GROSS.
Oh we are all watching!
Guess yer watching CNN right. Fake news.
Are you under oath @MarkWarner ? While you spew your spew!
I should have invested in popcorn.
Waiting for Tweety to start flunking like I'm a kid again on Christmas Eve
Thank you Sen. Warren.  Knowing which J. Comey been victim in this case.  Fired & humiliation of Comey in public from Pres Trump...
when he made hillary loose with the emails annoluncement we begged for him to be fired. Treump fired him now were bad that he did im confusd
Be prepared to eat a large plate of crow.
You can also watch directly on @TwitterLive
#ComeyGetIt
CNN: "Senators are bad at asking questions because they talk too much and don't listen enough. "
So true.
Watching Burr talk about Hillary, 
Rep. Sen. Defense attorneys
Dem Sen. Prosecutor's
Coffee pot is on, Mrs Warren.
We are tuned in Liz!!!
...or here (if you want to see the Tweets too!):
I'm watching #ComeyHearing.
Pocahontas get a life.    U back to Russia
Lizzie , showdown on the hill now , the man asking a long winded question now
No thank you, watching @FoxNews .
Lol, not what you're expecting, @SenWarren... Get to work and forget about this nonsense.

https://morbidhomemaker.com/2017/06/07/russian-themed-drinks-for-tomorrows-comey-hearing-daydrinking- …/
Watching on @Twitter not @facebook
Thank you.
Oops, I don't have facebook and am not allowed to watch then.
Trump’s a presidential wannabee
With a penchant for Hyperbole
Even Senators are giving us viewing tips. I love it :-D
All major networks live!
Germany is watching, Mrs. Warren 
Oh, we're watching, @SenWarren!!!
Bring your crying towel Pocahontas
Someone's mad.
Realist are never mad.
Mainstream media zombies are alway oblivious

