We heard the stories of workers mistreated by Andy Puzder’s burger chains at a @SenateDems forum last month:
We detailed more stories from Andy Puzder’s mistreated workers in a report two weeks ago: http://www.warren.senate.gov/files/documents/CharbroiledReport.pdf …
And on Monday, I sent Andy Puzder 28 pages of questions about his readiness to protect America’s workers.
Reports say that Andy Puzder is tired & may withdraw his @USDOL nomination. If he can’t stand the heat, he should get out of the kitchen.
and so should u go home to mom
Elizabeth Warren's biggest corporate scandals of 2015 
http://money.cnn.com/2016/01/29/news/companies/elizabeth-warren-scandals/index.html …
oh TRUMP does that well 
You are the best. Thanks for doing what you do!
These elites aren't used to don't homework. Haha.
ha! Drown them in paper!
You play to the left but they rest of us are seriously wondering about your mental health We are watching & EC is still the rule
Just curious, do you ever do anything constructive for your constituency or our country All we see is an unhinged loon
Transparency Senator THANK YOU 
Must have worked. Thank you. A fast food CEO in charge if DOL? Yea, like he would have been impartial...NOT.
And still, she persisted. Thank you!
You're horrible on workers' rights. You don't even support workers' rights to choose they're own job wage & NOT join a union.
way to keep up the good work
28 pages? Who wrote it: u or your staff?
Thank you Senator Warren! I can't believe anyone would want to be employed by his organizations!
did you send smoke signals?
Sounds like you were too hard on him, he ran with his tail tucked between his legs.
I once emailed Carl's Jr. to tell them I turned the channel when their ads came on. Misogyny at its worst.
The political campaign funding system.
That's such a fantastic Ideal. Everyone! Please send @SenWarren questions she needs to answer.
You rock! And you persist!
can I just say I love you, is that ok?
I'll bet he didn't answer. Go get 'em Senator Warren
Those who can, do. Those who can't, send 28 pages of questions. Protect #workers? From what, hard work? You are a joke. #Puzder
28 pages? Girl. You are my shero.
Pocahontas?
well aren't you clever; how many young staffers stayed up late compiling that so you could brag about it.
Thank you Senator Warren.
Oh, aren't you special??
.@SenWarren Nice.
nothing he put on the paper for answers would change your vote so why bother?
Probably ticked him off! Probably doesn't like to be challenged or questioned. Disastrous pick!
well no wonder he's tired. Does he get overtime?
proud of yourself?
thank you for fighting for us. Shame on Republicans for sitting back and watching Trump trash the USA.
You must be exhausted -you are fierce! But your hard work is noticed and appreciated! Thank you and keep going! 
Of which none will be read. At least by anyone that matters.
how have you help the 94 million who are out of work? News flash. You haven't help
please tell me when you plan on actually working for Americans instead of mucking up the system...
Is that all? 28 pages? 
Keep up the good work. You make your supporters proud! #ShePersisted
Once again, than you for your time and dedication to the people!
u dems have done such a great job protecting SAmerican workers  not
He has withdrawn his nomination, Ms. Warren. Have you not been told?
51 min ago: EXPECTED to withdraw.
Why build out Trump team until we know whether he colluded with Russia? Pause all nomination activities until its answered @cnn
Are you expecting answers? You have no power, no answers, no ideas, nothing. Step aside Liz. You're unelectable.
more stalling 28 pages redicklous
Get over yourself. It was the Oprah effect
that's probably why he's pulling out! Knows he can't face the ?'s without exposing himself! Thank you Elizabeth!
Puzder does not think wages should be FEDERALLY MANDATED; there are many micro economies across this great nation.
thank you for being you! 
and did he finish it I know you will stand up for us and ty so much for all u do. #investigatetrump #impeachment no #puzder
please keep persisting and let us know how to help. Thank you.
thank you.  Scared this one off!  Keep persisting.
Appreciative of your hard work, Senator Warren.
I want to be you.
looks like he can't handle the heat in the ktichen .. sounds like Puzder is out!
you are my hero, and an incredible role model for my daughters.  Thank you!!
#LikeYouGiveAFuck
and exactly what are you ready for? jail?
what's yours? You won't be re-elected and your soooo scared.
I'm not sure Puzder has ever read anything more than 10 pages. You should have done what WH does to Trump. 1 page max.
guess he's not going to read it now. Lolz #ByeFelicia
if you need me to work for you I'm available!!
#Obamacare exchanges are in a death spiral. 
#Obama #NancyPelosi #ACA can't be sustained. 
#Tatiana
It's really sad to see videos like this that are being spread by people on this disgusting station
it worked! you spooked him into withdrawing his name from consideration
yep and he beat his ex-wife.
#EXCLUSIVE: Puzder 'vowed revenge' after she alleged abuse, ex-wife told Oprah http://politi.co/2lfFw97  via @marianne_levine & @TimothyNoah1 
