If it's gambling, then why isn't it taxed that way? (Yes, it is gambling).
It's not gambling it's investing. Poor people call it gambling, because the odds are stacked against u in gambling & poor people are stupid.
If the distinction between gambling and holding debt for possible gain is simply ’the odds’ then please, what is the magic number?
Bonds are safest forms of investment, u earn interest on the debt u hold, if u allow your interest to compound it can make u very wealthy.
A 'bond' is not an obscure/complex financial product, last I checked.
I though u meant holding debt like owning bonds your talking about a margin account, u need to put up money to invest with a margin account
THIS is what Trump wants, get rich off other's money and leave them broke! This is what we elected.
I blame the US educational system for not teaching simple finance! You have no understanding of the banking system.
This is not the old banking system where invstmnt banks were seperate from cmmrcl banks, WaMu went broke on invstmnt banking. We paid for it
WaMu was taken over an absorbed by Chase I worked for WaMu during this period.
Agreed!
Oh wait, last tweet, I did an Oxymoron.  I said Good Democrat
No, you want that don't you.
Bill Clinton signed Gramm-Leach-Bliley into law which effectively repealed Glass-Steagall. U know the woman u supported for pres husband.
The banking industry itself is so shady.  Make half their  off the backs of those with least
How? Explain?
It used to be that investment firms were privately held, if risky investments tanked they suffered, now it 's their shareholders that suffer
Nobody is forcing investors to buy investment bank stocks.
They shouldn't have the money to gamble
Bankers will gamble and launder .if they win big bonuses. If they lose too big to fail and tax payer bail out.  It's a matter of FACT
Grandma doesn't have money. U claim to stand for equal pay for women but u don't  practice what u preach. Hypocrite

They also shouldn't spend Grandmas money on over-paying for bloated self-stroking speeches from an x-pres who claims they are the problem.
Trump owes the banks a favor after all of his bankruptcies. Don't let this happen. Request TAX RETURNS FOR ANY YEARS AUDIT IS DONE
@SenateBanking #DraintheSwamp @USTreasury  Like this happening under your watch.
But you and your crony fellow comrades in congess can...?
Funny you're worried about grandmas checking account while you and your colleagues piss away trillions on useless programs. Nice diversion.
Banks are making money with grandma's meager savings.  Should pay higher interest.
you and like you empty my families bank account daily, your hands are quick and greedy and do not represent my will!
- Liz, Liz, Lizzzz... You pay your female staff .71 cents to every dollar you pay your male staff. Hypocrite!
Finally a tweet from my senator that  I can agree 100% with.
What is your plan for the Wall St. lawyers who provide legal cover for big corrupt banks?? I know they are big donors to you.
that's not how banks work #dimwit #shutupLiz
Only reason you're worried about Grandma's bank account, is you want to see how much you can take in taxes.  Like any good Democrat
What gave you the right to profit off Grandma's misery & take her House? You made millions! #foreclosure queen!
LOL. Bankers will do what they please. They have the fascist regime in their hip pockets...right along w/ grandma's checking acct.
Wall St. wants to gamble with Social Security, & it's a GOP priority to let them do it. Question is, what are Dems going to do to stop it?
how about the money u made on flip? how about all the money u made in ur teaching job while people took loans to go to school
Really? Your grandma writes checks? Introduce her to a debit card...haaaa
You shouldn't enable the #federalreserve to further #inflate the #Americandollar - making more #Americans work harder for less
My grandma is pretty smart.
@pharris830 @pannlewis44 #Veterans NRA TeaParty & Drumpf in Action When THEIR Distraction BS is OVERSHADOWED by Media Trump/Russia Focus
Hypocrite! Why do U think we voted Trump. PPL sick Democrats robbing SS to support refugees, illegal with R hard earned contributions.
This happened on your watch. It raises the question of how we regulate you and your comrades.
Common sense
I eish u had the same attitude with taxpayer money.  U and your dem cronies $20 trillion in debt.  U don't know the calue of money.  Loser
Well said Elizabeth.
Pretending to care about grandma's wampum is more funny than your declared Native American heritage!
#MMT The ONLY solution and I can't think of anyone, on the left, right or in between, other than the already rich 1%, who wouldn't benefit.
You need to take a class on how banks work. You think they just loan out magical money that didn't come from other people?
Oh here we go again with the same old same old scare tactics the democrats use and has lost the election because of it.Fools.
As a Retired Banker with almost four decades of experience, I cannot agree with you more. Please stand your ground, TAKE ACTION!
Please run in 2020 
Your avg net worth of $8.75 million, including your home, secures gives u a spot in the Top 1% bracket in terms of wealth. Grandma's money?
They need money to keep your reelection campaign going.
Yes, that's why we have private equity! #resist
Trump may I remind you gave his first check to a charity would you be willing to do that? You make enough I think too much to donate a check
Spot in Senator!!!
lots to learn from the UK's ring fencing regulations. Why haven't US policies followed suit?
"If bankers want to go gamble with complex financial products, ok"...No, that's not ok. Derivatives are dangerous even w/ Glass-Steagall
because you plan or redistributing it to illegal immigrants and the lazy? Why not give all your money away . Your loaded
You yourself spend all kinds of OUR money, all you are is all talk!
That's right and it's time for us to be able to save again, an account or CD with a good interest rate secured for our future! We did before
Like the way Ur God Obama gave all of Grandmas money 2 bail out his & Hills Bank Buddies?? Shut up!
I'm a grandma & WF is making my life a living hell trying to steal my home by unlawfully foreclosing on it. They are greedy, sick Criminals.
You have not stopped the unlawful foreclosures which continue. All the money collected in fines needs to bemade available to fight the banks
In grandmas bank account?Really Liz.U should b ashamed.Using the elderly,race,gender and financial scare tactics to keep your job
Where is your position on this sick attack on Syria?.
My bad, i forgot the candidate you supported wanted to do this years ago. Sorry.
It's good motivation to move money to credit unions instead!
#SusanRiceUnmasked
Investing is not gambling it's only populist fodder  to get u re-elected
Still off your meds, I see. Shame no one loves you to get you the help you need, FakeIndian.
well they already did and you guys gave them a bailout... duh
YOU milked grandmas checking account!
http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/otherdata.php?cid=N00033492&cycle=2014 …
your grandma's alive???
What an ignorant statement from a senator that drove America further into debt! Look what you did with taxpayers money! LIB DEM LAWYER!
*We* know that. Unfortunately, @POTUS thinks risking granny's  is A-OK. In fact, it's preferable ⇨ more for his fellow elites. #corruptGOP
On the surface I agree with you but, what happens when grandma votes trump in?
Not my mother, she's 84 she had better sense than to follow most of the Christians in her church! That's one good thing I can say for her.
It's called providing capital markets liquidity and risk mitigation strategies!!! Please tell the truth
What about 520 billion oh hud tax payers money.  Where did that go your pocket.
So screw the grand kids it is then.
And you shouldnt get to spend or be paid by my tax dollars but guess what.
Amen!
Uh, who is doing that?

Love it Elizabeth
Yawn
It's a classic moral hazard: Bankers keep the winnings and taxpayers pick up loses
Socialist at work tearing fabric of commerce
You don't care about your women workers but now you are worried about grandma?
Drug companies have the money in the grandma's checking accounts. What the hell are you talking about? Sorry I followed you now.
I expect GOP Thugs and Scumbags to screw us but Obama ran as a liberal and sold us out! Had he perp walked Wall St in 2010 Dems own Congress
I lost trust in the government system. GOP is on a personal adgenda. They don't care what the people want. There is bipartisan.
you should recommend the book how the other half banks so people will understand what's going on
Sure thing grandma lets talk about #GrownUpPolitics #playbook golddigging @WomensInstitute "tours"@CivilRights #navywife #awethoughtshecared
Or have the gov bail them out when they lose
Should grandma have her money in an investment bank?
Aren't you a grandma?
Even if they double it?
Those With More Than Enough use off balance sheet scams & a lack of fiduciary responsibility to make Those Without Enough miserable #TWMTE
Have a beautiful day #Fauxcahontas
What about my account?
But they did as you all stood back. Then gave them protection.  Take a page from the Mob?   Say Savings and Loan one time, I dare
You were taking money from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to fund Obamacare! You deceitful con-artist!  #TheFive
How
They were taking a large portion of the profits from FM & FM
That for your source. Seems your article gets its source from infowars. cannot really take it seriously.
It was on Fox News last night too
Well if it is true, it's not a bad thing as my parents really need Obamacare to pay for their meds. Not bad for rich to pay for the poor.
Obamacare was a good idea implemented badly and that shows from what they were doing with FM & FM drastic change is needed to fix it.
Well yeah Obamacare is from the heritage foundation.  So I vote for single payer or universal health care
Use their own bonuses & stock options
well what else should they steal and call it investing then?
or try to argue Cordray & @CFPB role is anything less than essential. For grandma and the grandkids.
Revelation 2:5
Remember therefore from where you have fallen; repent and do the first works, or else I will come to you [1/2]
quickly and remove your lampstand from its place—unless you repent. [2/2]
Only backed (insured) up to $250k.
Yes, they'd have to manage accounts at different banks. Greater risk One tanks of many?
Obvious I don't have enough saved yet to have learned that yet ...
Thanks! I see as single that doesn't work for me. Joint accounts help, but it's just me.
Watched "The Big Short" recently: eye-opening.  I wonder how accurate it was, and I wonder when I hear "We're not in a bubble right now"
Watch Inside Job. Great documentary. Saw Senator Warren's tweet and gave me flashbacks.
Pay women the same as man #liarwarren
They'll destroy the economy again.
Liz, Don't you think Harry did a service to the country?
You mean unlike the federal government and its use of our grandchildren's money
