Sen. Warren - you are great!   #Persist!
THANK YOU!!! HOPE THEY UNDERSTAND WE ARE CERTAINLY WITH THEM!!!
Remember when there was an anti-war movement and a party to represent them in politics?
Insider's view of interests behind US wars, manipulation of intelligence, intertwining of military & corporate world
These Marines know they are standing w/ the most dangerous ppl in the world. Look at their faces... lmao
I'm so thankful you made the trip. While you have time can you ask @sendavidperdue when he plans on holding a town hall? We want answers.
Please, make some sense of our involvement in Afghanistan!
Thank you for being a Senator we could always trust to do what is best for the people.God Bless those Marines & all Service men & women!
Great picture Would of been Better if @SenJohnMcCain or @LindseyGrahamSC were not in it! They are #trumpsPuppets
The military sure does look thrilled to be in the pic with them.
Wow, 2 RINO's and a fake Indian Socialist
Good. Now work to bring them home!!
Senator Warren, I idolize you. But it looks to me as though every one of those men had someplace he'd rather be on this American holiday.
At least you and some other senators are doing the right thing
They look miserable that they had to pose with 3 treasonous snakes...
lol #FakeIndian
Idiots!
Ty, Elizabeth. For everything. A True Patriot , you are. Devoting ur life to the people & in doing good around world. Thank you.
not a true patriot.  Only to those who live by her rule.  Open up a bit.
Of course songbird McCain is with you along with girly boy Lindsey
Nice to have people like you that care deeply about the troops.
why stand with two pro Russian traitors?
You seriously still buy into that Russia nonsense?
Stopped killing
getting very worried that anti Russia rethoric will push trump to do something really stupid. Please help stop the madness
Imagine if all the dems had voted against Saudi arms bill? Some marines will be more safe, but hey team corp-democrat eh Liz?
These guys look about as happy as when Barry Obama visited
@CelaineF WE thank the MARINE SECURITY GUARDS for your service in KABUL!!!  HAPPY 4TH OF JULY! ☆ ! ☆ ! ☆ ! ☆ ! ☆
So, unlike your BFF HRC, you would send help if they are in trouble?  Yes/No?
sincere thanks or a needed photo op with the troops?  Meet with any tribal leaders?
McCain and Warren?  Talk about dumb and dumber.
Really you have to thank terrorists who protect your embassy in Kabul not these young guys
Thank you  for your service.
I know someone there you went there like I did.  Your crazy
Girl go home

Meanwhile Fraud #FakePresident #Trump was probably golfing
Thank you Sirs!
How does it feel to be with two traitors to our country knowing they are putting our military at risk by swearing allegiance to a traitor?
Hi  God bless you all and bless America and Happy Independence Day 
Senator, you might want to have a chat with @nikkihaley 
She's complaining about her job. In a childish way.
We love you Liz
Commander in Chief was too busy golfing...sorry folks.
How wonderful that you are with our troops on the 4th of July ,you make Americans proud. Unlike our @POTUS @mike_pence
What is the traitor McCain doing their!!!
I hope you are getting a chance to talk with McCain and Graham about Trump.
Four Democrats politicians being photographed.  You don't fool us.
You you you. Do your job
Warren the hipocrite
OK we got it. You're out of the country. Can you stay there?
Thanks 4 being a real leader. Especially since Batshit sits in the oval office
Hey Indian, this is what a MARINE looks like.
Hey Terry,
 suckers get blocked 
"Who protect our occupation of Afghanistan."

There, fixed it for you.
He needs to retire and just play http://golf.save  us all the trouble of dealing with all the damage he is doing or trying to do
Thanks for representing USA in a positive way that shows we support their courage and service that protects us

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
Must be hard for you to thank people whose majority is what you believe as privileged. But PR is PR right.
#proveyourheritage
Only 11 guys? Those guys need a raise 
How about some #uniformity, #Marines? Just saying. #SemperFi
You are amazing!  Am I wrong to assume this busy schedule is foreshadowing for something to come?  2020? @b_trussell
Thank you Marines #America #grateful #DeclarationOfIndependence  #TheResistance #UniteResistEnlist #LetFreedomRing
Hope to bring them home from America's never-ending nightmare.
I really hope that middle group talked about other things like (cough)...impeachment...(cough)...on the flight over.
Pocahontas and Wet Start Johnny together in the middle east. Wonder what they could be drumming up?
It's disgusting to see you with our troops!  You have no right being there.  Liar, Hypocrite!
#Benghazi
And Bipartisan! Way to go & Happy 4th!!
They look happy to see you - NOT!
In the meantime, #potus45 is out golfing.
Probably at one of his own clubs so our tax $ are paying for it.  #25thAdmendmentNow
We should do well to remember everyday- not just the 4th - our freedom doesn't come for free!! God bless our Marines!! 
And all military who risk their lives for their country.much and respect to them all
And that we all, not just government, treat them better when they come home 
pls stop the nationalism bs...
You visit our troops overseas while the president takes a mulligan at his golf course. This says it all about Trump. Disheartening.
Yes.
Your party owes them the truth on #Benghazi

How come you have to stand behind the old white men ?  That said you look Great there !! Happy 4th 




Why didn't your security slap the camera man here like in 2012??

Semper Fi




Does @SenJohnMcCain go anywhere without @sengraham2016 ?
Thank you, thank you, thank for this beautiful picture of service to our country. Democracy is built together, not apart. Thank you, troops!




No, a REPUBLICAN started this war. Dems tried to finish and Trump adds more to it. Get your facts straight. stop name calling; it's stupid.
from Illinois thank you all for your service
God bless you @SenWarren True AMERICAN leader. We love you 
&  thank you to Marines for serving for our country. & Happy 4th of July!
Check your facts - they were CIA contractors in Benghazi, aka mercenaries
Yes, but not left - they knew the odds and the consequence
That's what mercenaries do - accept pay for risk
Are you still going to treat "refugees" better than these servicemen?
Thank you for honoring and supporting our troops!

Thank you, Marines!
