But I'm not doing a touchdown dance today. Not when the GOP is still hell-bent on rigging the system for the rich & powerful.
This is why we fight. When we get out there & fight, we can make a real difference.
you are dirty...#lieahontas 
@SenSchumer @SenSanders Maybe one day you and republicans can make the health care work.i pay more now and get less for insurance
Either work on improving the ACA or (my fav) push the H.R. 676 bill thru.
Enough with the rich bs, it's getting old already.
I know you'd fight the good fight and not let it go until you attained your goal, millions of Americans should be thanking you!

If the ACA is so great why aren't YOU & rest of Congress &govt employees all on it? Because you're lying through your teeth to us
Thank you for your tireless work on behalf of our state and our country.
now lets focus on collusion with Russia of Trump campaign. Most urgent
Until it crashes and no one is covered, how will you celebrate then?
You mean for those who could afford the increased premiums and those who can't find a doctor? #obamacare failure  #hypocrite
You can't fix her stupid. It's too ingrained now.
@2020pleasehurry THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DID, DO AND WILL DO!! We are with you.
the #ACA is failing and it has made my insurance go up. All you politicians are the ones rigging the system for you!
To keep the insurers healthy, we still need 45 to rescind the EO that neutered the individual mandate.
You mean the "Unaffordable Care Act"
"Keep your plan,  keep your doctor,  all lies   400% increase in premiums.etc.
u r my shero!!! Have a blessed day and weekend!! 
#theressitance 
you will not be forgotten for being brave and standing up to an evil regime!
You did us proud! Thank you!
- U r right! What next? I wake up every morning wondering what nightmare is unfolding today. My blood pressure is rising.
yep
The fight is for Singlepayer.  The Repubs were right for all the wrong reasons, the ACA is a terrible bandaid on a broken system
Sweden has a single payer system. Taxes went up more than 20% to pay 4 it & you get in long line for needed surgery.
 when it fails
fuck the ACA, nobody can afford it
: It's good news however temporary. #ResistTrumpCare #Ryancare #KochBrothers Dropping shoes everywhere.... In Trump WH.
I wish I thought you meant it from the heart. I'd prefer to think I missed something. I pray for all of us. President Trump: 
Yeah, screw all of those who don't qualify for Ocare & r paying $1000 a month for an INSURANCE CARD & can't afford healthcare!
Onviously the liberals & Watren doesn't care about the middle class.
we will see what you say in a few months when Obamacare fails and leaves everybody without ins ! You will beg to do something
Thank you Senator Warren
A special thanks to you Senator Warren for your passion of the American people!
well I didn't depend on it. & it fucked over me, my wife, and 4 childeren. I now have a med debt category....$5,000 and climbing!
Hope things get better for you. That ACA is a terrible plan. Expensive.
Please Propose a Single Payer System! Lets ride this victory's coattails!
Please! And fix the high cost for some areas.
Single Payer should help a LOT of that too! Two birds one bill. @SenWarren
yes try Canada  and Venezuela there's your example
we can depend on the ACA as much as we can depend on your Indian heritage oh, wait ... never mind
absolutely, great day for America.  An even greater day will be the removal of #Trump from #Presidency.  Soon

hahahaha LOVE IT
@babysgramma @SenWarren No she doesn't.
Hoosier, you're being way too polite
amen!!! Don't ever stop standing up for Democratic beliefs
Yes, senator when you go back to your mansion at night in your limo, think up more ways to manipulate the little people
Ah....I think you're confusing her with Trump and Mar-A-Lago and his golf courses.
She got rich off our blood, sweat & tears.  President Trump came to politics wealthy #MAGA
lol Trump is laughing at his followers and how blind they are
We are all going to be laughing all the way to the Winner's Circle. Hope you like Crow
Oh Bessie, don't say Crow.  That was a Tribe, and she'll claim to be one of them
My apologies, I often forget how that works. I feel like a...therefore I am 
Thank you and Bernie Sanders for fighting the good fight!!!
I  agree. I was a nurse for over 40yrs. I could not see the working class without Health cr take the rep away
the working class is already without health care so are the very poor in many places .ACA = DISASTER
@ThereseOSulliv2 Do you have Obamacare Pocahontas?
No, Pocahontas ISNT SUBJECTED 2 OBAMACARE. Its deductibles are much too high 4 precious members of Congress.
And they get to pick their own doctor. "Thought I heard Obama say that". Plus they get good health care and don't have $10,000 deductibles.
can take OBAMACARE & stuff it.
WORK WITH BERNIE AND MAKE HEALTHCARE A RIGHT TO ALL PEOPLE
if the aca is so good why is there a previous that excludes senators and congressmen??? Oh it's good for us but not for y'all
Why will you be losing your job? because you believe your own BS,really how many people are you talking about? ZERO.....FOOL...
Most normal people would be embarrassed by some of the things people think about their honesty,not you,short busl stupid..
you mean it was a win for lazy middle class to cheap to pay for what they can afford while the real americans are screwed.
aren't you worth millions? you can't get rich in politics unless you are taking bribes
CON HIM INTO SINGLE PAYER! Come on, *Rumps not that bright. Just tell him its a bill to hurt poor people and he will sign it!
No you are the rich and powerful!take a look at AFA?it is killing middle class Americans-sky high premiums and deductibles.
Uts been an ACA Trail of Tears.
my insurance premiums have exceeded both of my car pmts. What's next will my company provided ins.prem. Exceed my house pmt?
when my insurance premiums exceeds my house pmt. I will have to stop working & then it will be free right
@JohnBlecka Thank you so much for standing up for America!  We love you!
their premiums are getting higher and higher.  Your nuts
If you don't have Obamacare it's tough to know the entire program & system or how it works 
Not those who have to pay the increasing premiums. Not those who can't even go to the doctor b/c of high deductibles.
they only depend on it because you kill jobs and take money from working folks to pay for it. How does that make you feel Liz?
you are the worst representation for this state. No idea what exactly you have accomplished. What do you do??????
And a poor day for those that the ACA has hindered and financially crippled.
don't celebrate yet. The big problem is yet to come
The only people that like the ACA are the ones that don't have to pay for the ACA
wipe that sardonic grin of your face, your Party destroyed health care in this country and refuse to admit it. You will get yours
affordable 4 whom? Not 4 me the 40hr a week worker
Calling bullshit on that. If it was such a grand act, congress would use it and you wouldnt have to force people to buy it
.@SenWarren What about those of us who were dropped by our insurance co w/o notice bc of #ACA 
Those of us who have kids denied by #ACA
she's a disgrace to the American way and so are the people who voted her in!
Our healthcare is a "rigged system" - to use your words - which is a status quo you outright refuse to fix.
sad that you're not at all concerned for those of us who have been screwed over by ACA.
Lmao  AFFORDABLE FOR WHO??
lady you have lost it.  All you do is screw the American public.  Wake up good luck getting reelected.
you mean more p/t jobs, pay penalty if u just don't have $ to pay premium or deductible? Would u give up ur senate pkg for ACA?
And a horrible day for those paying ever-increasing premiums to subsidize others while unable to use their own benefits.
Middle class gets screwed by Obamacare- terrible insurance for a high price. Pocahontas u should start using Obamacare
U mean 10M who took Medicaid?  >6M lost their plan & Dr...WHY don't YOU have Obamacare? Come down fm tax-free teepee #MAGA
Thank you!
What about the people that can no longer afford ins. and live in areas where ACA is not taken by anyone, hmmm? Screwed by dems
@Sparblack1213 great huh? How many in your state were raped today dizzy lizzy?#draintheswamp #jailwarren
Is this the day I'll finally get my $2500 in savings.........???
#trump talking about reaching out to #dems to help with #tax reform will you help or #obstruct? #doyourjob
affordable? Show me where affordable. Obama care is a disaster!
find a new country
SOOOOOOSAD
we love our president trump thank you for supporting MAGA
you are so wrong, Obamacare is crushing the working class. I Lost my doctor and now can't afford act, but had to pay penalty
Time to retire. Obamacare is neither affordable nor is it about care.
Like you and your RICH buddies?
you still havent done a thing for MA residents , you also havent put out o e piece of legislation.
I bet you can give some good head!
yes and it's a tragedy for those of us that pay 10x more in premiums... that affordable care isn't so affordable
What about the tens of millions of Americans who can't afford medicine anymore because of #ACA?
Hey Dances-with-bullshit,  resign already.  Term limits!
Obamacare is a failure, just like you.
Confused , as I understand it the bill failed b/c the freedom party wanted even deeper cuts, not b/c dems blocked it.
The day you die and are finally buried in the ground will be a great day for Massachusetts. Not until then!
What? Her body will not be wrapped and placed on a scaffold for for all members of her Liealot Indian tribe to pay respects
No, in her tribe they just dump her in a Hefty bag and throw her on a landfill. ;)
Today is a sad day for the people of Massachusetts & people across the country who are suffering being on on Affordable Care Act
. @SenWarren Translation: My billionaire corporate donors enjoy your quadrupled premiums and deductibles - w/out having to provide service
do you know how tired we are of you and other Dems praising Obamacare.  It isn't health care. It's a failing program by Dems
you must not talk to all ppl like me who lost their ins due to ACA got dbl the premium cost w a 6800 deductible that's not great!
you have clearly lost your mind
In case you didn't know it, Obamacare hit an iceberg & is sinking..& will let it sink on it's own. Doctors, people R leaving it
Pocahontas will have this tweet her as Obama care implodes.
My mom is going broke under his sh☆tbag plan!
#termlimitsneedtoapply
Thank you for all your hard work in protecting our democracy and standing up for basic human rights
premiums keep going up!  How do you think Affordable Care Act is affordable?
well said
only rich people like you can afford it...while the rest of us go broke!
what a joke! Obamacare is failing. If it's so great why don't you have it as your healthcare?
Death?
We have a healthcare law .. each state should have its own
Thanks for what you did on defeating Trumpcare!
Hmmmm, premiums $8,000.00 per year with a $40,000 deductible. They must be rich enough to keep paying out of pocket costs!
middle class is being suffocated by aca the rich like you can afford it and the poor get a free ride but we get hi deductibles
yes especially those families that can't afford their skyrocketing premiums anymore #stopactinglikeyoucare #obamacare #trumpcare
w
What insurance do you subscribe to. What is your cost? Who raises your rates?
just fix what's wrong with ACA let it go
I'm sure they LOVE the premium cost hikes!
You're a clown.
who yo kidding Warren , I'm tired of paying for other people then my own family !!!
MA instituted single-payer. Didn't need ACA, @SenWarren
ObamaCare moving Forward,
Are the problems going to be reviewed and fixed? Or remain the same? that's the #1 concerns for people
But not for the majority of the country.
when you make the money you make course you can afford Obamacare unlike people like me where are my premiums at triple
deductible is so high on my health care I can't even afford to use my health insurance so who is this a good day for!  not me
what kind of health Care do you have? Do you have Obama Care? If it is so good all American people than you should have it also
affordable care act. Lying liberal. Sick man!
if it's that great why don't you use it??
You must live on another planet! If you had to be covered under obamacare, I guarantee that you and Polozi would have read it!
You remind me of the band on the Titanic that continued to play as ship slipped into the abyss
great day for illegals, refugees, sponges. Not 4 taxpayers who r forced to pay for lefty loons dems voting base!
wish you had any idea.  As a business owner in your state, it is now more likely that I will need to lay people off. Great job
yeah and thanks for the high deductibles..
Hey! #LieAWatha You forgot to mention #MassCare is belly up and needs bailing out in MA! Didn't you get the smoke signals?
Thank u DEMS for what U do N Washington & around the World. As a (black, disabled, woman) that's n an inter-racial marrg, U ROCK!
In your native language you are a tsi-s-ga-tsi da-lo-ni. No use to google as I am sure you already know it's meaning
Yes it is! I'll still be alive to vote in a new President in 2020! Thanks to the ACA!
thats laughable, PLEASE run #fauxcohantas
You mean those facing 28% monthly premium increases, 2 make that payment equal their mortgage, or the ones w/$12k deductibles? 
How come you or you family doesn't take advantage of the #ACA  if it's such a win for America?
it's not affordable. Wait while what U did to america unfolds. They what. Everyone loses coverage cuz U sat on your hands. #maga
and she is going to pay their Premiums.
It's so funny when you people (Native Americans ;) call it the Affordable Care Act.
Warren, depending on dems is a lame proposition!
love you...my doctor says Obama med not good in NY NY... hard to get doctors...other problems...need to fix. TY! Neal H.
When people able to work but fail to work receive free HC , there's a problem with that.
#unaffordable nocare act
A GREAT DAY 4A MULTIMILLIONAIRE LIKE U. THE AVGE POOR AMERICAN SLOB HAS 2KEEP PAYING HIGH PREMIUMS&HIGH DEDUCTIBLES. U DON'T CARE
The greatest day is yet to come Fauxahontas when Obamacare implodes and is replaced by the Rand Paul version of healthcare.
she and B. Sanders were told to stand down by the Clinton foundation...paid off
Obama care will explode on its own
you mean for the insurance companies involved.
Please don't speak for me! You do not represent me and I will vote for anyone that opposes you.
while those of us who had good health care get screwed. You're a thief Pocahontas!
