#LockThemUp
A tweet won't bring accountability -  filing a lawsuit in the Delaware Chancery court for a breach of fiduciary duties by the directors may.
Says the fake Indian gal who gets 100's of thousands for teaching little class
Are you serious?
Rest assured,this is nothing but negotiating tactic! Do you truly believe that POTUS would start a fight with Canada? It's let's talk!
Is it your thought that he shouldn't? If yes, why so?
Or they aren't guilty of what you want them to be..
They didn't know about it, its not their fault, and you're a #NativeAmerican.
Where is the Justice Department?
Is this psychotic maniac talking about #Hillary #Clinton escaping the Judgment of a bias #Obama regime #followme #girl #fun #follow #happy
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!

How about you get DOJ on that?
Hey how abt that fraud and corruption in Congress?
Why is OBAMA taking Cash from Goldman Sachs Republicans at a time of MASS Corruption like this ? They are setting DEMS UP BIGLY !
Option 3. They signed off on it, even encouraged it.
Why aren't these ppl in jail? The justice system was created to incarcerate minorities & the poor but protect the rich who profit off the po
Is anyone else upset about the split infinitive? #grammar Oh and #boo @WellsFargo
Gee, maybe you shouldn't have given them $25billion of OUR money when you served as TARP bonus bailout Admin in 2008 https://projects.propublica.org/bailout/list 
She wasn't in the Senate until 2013.
For one thing, communication, is the key. Some people, get 8 steps furthur, and then, they become unavailable to,those that can help back !
Neither one of you would ever agree with me even if you felt I was correct, reality is both of you are correct on the Wells Fargo question.
Greed is the deadliest sin
I vehemently disagree with you in many areas, but not this. Thank you for keeping them accountable.
Iceland jailed their bankers.
Why can't the U.S.?
Oh right - the banks own the GOP & your own party.
What can you do about that?
I have worked in retail banking; it is highly unlikely that the board would have known! Such activities do not make it to that level!
Just like U @BarackObama @HillaryClinton & @EricHolder failed to investigate the Banksters on Wall St & allowed them to walk away scot free!
Totally unacceptable! 
it happen under your führer n muslim brotherhood charter member n American hater, bama's watch n you loons did nada!
U knew about it too! Is that how U got Ur millions?? Once they're caught, U all bale? Liars, Hypocrites!
All under your watch!!!
They were following the lead of @POTUS44 and you blame them?  Not one person charged let alone W/F CEO'S! That's Unacceptable!    @POTUS
Thank you Ms Warren! I'm feeling very helpless right now and you are a voice of reason!
Fraud like putting fake ethnicity on documents?
Thank you for all you do. Is there no way to remove Betsy DeVos from her position? As a teacher, I am appalled by her lack of concern 4 kids
Incompetent or complicit... those are the choices...
So why did you give them 25 billion of our money when you were working with TARP? Will wait for your reply
You have the gaul to preach about fraud Pocahontas?? Get a grip, you are nothing but a common criminal committing larceny against taxpayers
Why are they still in business? 
They have shown that they don't care about the law.. Close them down fines dont matter to them.
majority of americans are angry with trump who is using his daughter and son in law as world leaders for usa.Ivanka get OUT of US politics.
@Hertz commits fraud charged $474.00 when booking said $185. advantage of Senior citizen in a confusing situation. Booked with @AlaskaAir
How about the #fanniegate fraud? It's been years ... http://ln.is/www.housingwire.com/e1H1Z …
I am with you and I know there are millions more who care. We need answers! I know it has to be hard on you and the others who have to deal.
Agreed. But why do you accept it in D.C. Liawatha?
Well then I'm assuming that the HRC corruption was blown open years ago and she was convicted of a federal crime!
Like Clinton Foundation. I bet Haiti is still waiting for aid. But daughter got her dress. Was CF non-profit? Input?
Where is the DOJ and SEC punishment, Senator?
The majority of board of directors for large corps are a joke. Extension of good-ole-boy network.
Oh shut up !
Or they were never told about it
the fines have to be steeper to detour this behavior.
What about your fraud to get into college and elected?..falsly claiming to be indian!..cant get much lower!!!
Don't forget your regulatory body which you headed for a time that failed to regulate.  Congratulations it is also unacceptable
kind of like the fast an furious gun selling...
I believe in the latter.
Sounds like the present day US government vis-á-vis the Trump administration.
@Dougie_Jr get on it!
Pocahontas you are unacceptable!  Truly unacceptable!
There you go again! It is not prudent to fly off the handle as "opportunities" present themselves. Your perception is too simplistic!
Is there a US Attorney looking into this? Oh, wait there are no US Attorneys...
Yall can tweet all day but nobody has a plan to take him out do ya?
You are so good at passing judgement in hi d sight.
As a biz owner, odds are they were not aware. But the lack of investigation is disappointing.  They concluded: ends (profits) justify means
Kind of like the Dems know Trump Admin are Traitors but do nothing about it!
Do you know what the word traitor means? If not,please avoid throwing it around,because you sound as silly as your ilk!
Sort of like Democrats do to themselves
blah;...blah...blah...Russians...North Korea...blah...blha...
They knew.
Democrat donor, Vanguard owns 258 million shares.   Follow the money straight to the DNC
Have you been investigated for falsifying your heritage on Harvards job app?
I've been slowly taking my money out of Wells Fargo for the past 2 months. They won't be able to use my money for projects like DAPL #divest
no really, where were you when cops in ND were abusing native Americans at the behest of @WellsFargo and other banks? #MniWiconi
Both
So is #45
Very similar to congress's failure to investigate Trump Russia.
In 2016, they donated $500,000.00 to the Philly Host Comittee.  The democrat run comittee. Maybe that is why they got away with it
WellsFargo fiasco sounds like our present government..no one has the spheres to fully investigate when u know it's corrupt. Comely' a joke
Nothing seems to change their behavior. Try steeply punitive fines and reparations. Can't pay? Nationalize 'em. Only then will banks get msg
Well they were only Following Eric Holder's Lead..so...

#RUSSIAINVESTIGATION? 
 When will Republican's get on board with their constituency? 
Too much green has been known to cause severe blindness.
Would you consider it fraudulent to lie to a potential employer about your ethnicity in order to get a job?
This is the only smart thing you've said the last 5months
humm sounds like the gop and 45
Take your escape from Wells Fargo....take your banking somewhere else...another unethical Business ...money talks
What about deliberately ignorant?  That is also likely a factor.  After all, deliberate ignorance allows kicking the can down the road.
It's not 'To big to fail', it's 'Failure because they are too big'.
More interested in $$$ than morals
SOUNDS JUST LIKE CONGRESS AN SENATE
Senator Warren, you seem to have forgotten that there are no consequences for the 1%.  Punishment is for the working class guy only
You seem to have forgotten Sen Warren bailed Wells Fargo out with $25B of our tax dollars.
I'd say it was the second scenario.
My bet is on choice two: knew about it and did nothing. That's why the Board will give them a pass. So that the Board won't be accountable.
Sounds like gop and trumps Russian ties.
$$$$$$$$$$
It was not fraud; it was business as usual.
Pretty sure it's the second one.. but hey those ceos never tell a lie about their shekels....
What we all want to hear; $WFC BOD, You're FIRED!
Frauds Frauds Look at Hillary!!!!!
So you are responsible for fraud that occurs in the US government? Or do u only point one way?
They KNEW! Whether their gains are through fraud, account penalties or BOTH...they knew. Greed knows NO ignorance. #Vulgar #Appalling
It was too widespread for them not to know. How is a branch in Atlanta, TX doing the same shady thing a branch in LA is doing otherwise?
Will Day ever?
investigation in history! I urge you to condemn Mr. Burr's actions and request he recuse himself !
Just like the @GOP
Thank you for standing up for us Senator Warren!
They rearranged weekend debits for years to increase overdraft charges. If you paid for the groceries and stamps first...
they'd put the Sunday afternoon emergency vet charge before all else to assure you'd overdraft early and keep those charges going.
Kinda like some members of Congress.
Not to downplay the importance of this Sen.! But your fellow Sens on the other side of the aisle are actively obstructing the most important
@HouseDemocrats @SenDemocrats If the laws were broken like those fired, does the board need outgoing compensation. NO
@SenDemocrats Any one or event that can be prosecuted. Since 2008, financial trends tend to hurt us.
How can the students that have been affected by this fight back?
As a former employee, they not only knew, but encouraged it. Furthermore, they fired anyone (like myself) who questioned the ethics.
the accounts were opened.. Ode ties stolen .. What went into the accounts? Were they pass throughs? WF money laundry
The number of different frauds this statement could apply to is, well, high.
I worked there and sought other employment because it was so unethical.
Yet they are still in business...  divest and avoid.
They were looking at their Bonus checks.......not questioning how they were so much $$$$
Now they are calling me and others to tell us how much they care....and do I need anything.  Think I need to move to a credit union.
Should've already done it. You THINK you should?
Sounds like a lot like the entirety of Washington, doesn't it Elizabeth
Where the hell are the criminal charges?
What will the charge be for Obama?
Unacceptable!Contact me Re:@SarahPalinUSA  claiming stake on #fightlikeagirl it's my company! Rape Escape http://www.fightlikeagirl.com 
Well, I thought your bill made this impossible? Lack of oversight on your part or what?
It's the latter.
Follow me
