who are you? you're not president  although I'm sure you're thinking about it!!That's why all these photo ops!! & u never shut up
She is a U.S. Senator doing her job... someone has to! Trump does nothing.
 pd troll we had 8yrs of some1 not doing their job!! @SenWarren
Easy answer She's HRC in disguise
( Sorta) same pantsuit and all
Deplorable Lori, always interesting to see which women dumb enough to vote for man bragging about grabbing pu--ies.
Lol we're not dumb women. You're obviously jealous. We the people voted him in & yes people includes women ( intelligent) try harder
#MAGA
I am still amazed that there are that many people gullible enough to believe him.He says what you want to hear & you  believe it will happen
Not gullible. He's an intelligent man. I am sick of DC. I want change. I want a fighter. I want a man's man. I love our POTUS. He's all that
Always good to visit soldiers. And, they appreciate the effort. Just let the Generals make the decisions.
Sure, let generals make decisions, just like they did in Vietnam, when they knew we couldn't win but advised LBJ to escalate war.
Jean, I don't want Liz Warren or Donald Trump making military decisions on the battlefield. They should plan for after the fighting.
I don't want that either. I want them to keep an eye open and gather info..not just take the generals word for it. Nam was disastrous.
True. I served in first Gulf War. That was run very well by Powell & Schwartzkoff. So, depends on the situation & objective. Jr. had no plan
True! We were lucky that Powell n Schwartzkopf were working in our best interests. Love them. Went to lots of rallies to support our troops
I loved them for keeping me safe!!! Didn't have to get shot at!
Absolutely.
What the hell are you doing over there? Your old boss Barry tried to micromanage it and turned it into a shithole. Let Mattis do his job.
Do you think that if rich boys were the grunts fighting instead of poor boys that we would be fighting in these wars? I don't.
Do us a favor stay there don't come back!!!!!!
Do us a favor n go find your mind.
Thanks for working so hard to be educated on the issues unlike current administration.
Still haven't answered why we can't have the same healthcare as you?
She has been working on behalf of middle class for years and years. She should have run for President. Common sense and intelligence
Anyone who blatantly lies about their DNA to get into school not only are immoral, they do so at the expense of the actual people she claims
I have no idea what you are talking about
Nor does she.
Thank you Senator Warren for all your hard work, it means the world to me and I'm sure many others!
Did you dress like a goat and bend over gor them too ?
Thank you for supporting our troops on July 4th instead of complaining like Nikki Haley.
Happy 4th, Senator.  Keep up your good works for us and the Afghan people.
What good work is that?  
Thank you senator Warren, don't pay attention to the hateful message from racist trump supporters.
And what did General Nicholson say to you?
Let me guess. We are beating their butts?
We're you high when you tweeted this.  I know someone there
Yeah right
The only thing America is interested in with you mrs. Warren is if you took the ancestry test or not
Can you get the robotic team over here? Or is it too late for those girls?
I hate it when politicians show up at your AO turns into dog and pony show. Tell her to go home.
Oh wow  tough lady. You will never be the President though fake Indian.
And why did you go there?  You despise this administration... what is your plan?
I would like an answer please
Why are we still there madame senator? Can you explain what the mission is? Why it is worth the human and financial cost to stay?
I hope you enjoyed it there--I did.  Thank you for going!
Thanks for your work for peace!
It must have been a good update because there is no negative political rhetoric in this post.
How's the CIA / NATO narco operation going? #Unrig   @POTUS @TGowdySC @RepJoeKennedy
Where was the fearful leader? @realDonaldTrump golfing again?
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
We are so proud of you Senator Warren. You sure do represent this amazing country!!!!
What is a nobody like you doing meeting with anyone YOUR THE ONE WORKING WITH THE RUSSIANS YOUR THE LEAK& DANGER TO THE US PEOPLE
AYE YAI YAI YAI,  AYE YAI YAI YAI, AYE YAI YAI YAI, AYE YAI YAI YAI, AYE YAI.... Remember, no tomahawking!!!!.....
Get us out of there & Iraq too
Surely you railed against the money in Afghanistan's politics & how the big Afghan corporations are sticking it to the little guy, right?
Remember lier, fire water effects the Irish almost as much as it does the Red Man; keep it together as you celebrate your freedom to steal!!

And??? I just met someone too?  Pretty open ended, dont you think? Did ypu do a rain dance? What's the story?
#Obamacare - keep your plan , reduce cost=+150%, lose your plan, 5k deductible Is NOT Healthcare - please kick me off!
Shut up
Still protecting the opium trade I see...
If your "trip" was relevant it would have been covered by REAL NEWS
So the enemies of America officially have our plans. Just curious how much did you sell us out for.
No dis meant, Senator.  But let's get our people out of that no-win hell hole.
How much is this costing us real tax payers? You spend our money like a kid in a candy store and the you whine about America, sad
Did you lie to them?
Did you thank our men & women in uniform or just chat to the top dogs.... drain the swamp
Omg hilarious 
That's a mistake #big mouth

Try not to leak the information to the Washington Post or NY Times.

The questions is, did you understand what he said?
You and Bernie Sanders  will always have my support May God bless you always
I am absolutely positive that it all went right over your airhead.
You shouldn't involved in anything, you are a liar!
Please stay, we'll hold the teepee down over here.
Is the war ending anytime soon? Didn't think so. Obama was only an extension. Let's WIN the war, not prolong it. Thanks.
Did you know the US has spent more on Afghan reconstruction efforts than we did on the entire Marshall plan to rebuild Europe?
And American corporations grew richer because of it. War is indeed a racket.

I bet he still wouldn't choose socialism though.
Acting Presidential!
Thank you for your leadship 
Then you really are a hypocrite.....sad
Hats off to Elizabeth Warren for doing her job ! As we know that the REPUBLICANS do not know how too !.# RESIST tRump&Co #CLEANOUTTHEWH
Thank you for visiting troops drump was ti busy golfing

Any of them EVER talk to that guy named Trump? If only they had some decent golf courses (owned by Trump) he would visit.
Surprised she didn't give up sensitive intelligence.
What I like about Libs. They respect other cultures. Please send us pics of u in ur burka
Tell me again why  we have troops in that Hell Hole
Who sent you there?
You should have stayed there so we could get live updates from around the country!
leadership
How is the opium crop this year ? Another record breaker?
and you didn't understand a word he said.
Keep you're ass out of Afghanistan before you create a real mess.
Glad to see somebody is doing their job.
Any chance you’ll be coming over to visit us at UNAMA, too?
Since we have nothing to show for it, and never will, where are the voices calling for an end to the wars? Or do we do this forever now?
How's Afghanistan? Do U understand Afghani? I  applied 2 work 4: Karsai-Afghan NATO. Peace keeper US military R in Libya-R Afghans peaceful?
I think, it's 2 dangerous 2 travel Intl& 2 engage in peace making negotiations-if U do not understand the languages& the ways it's intended.
Oh come on people, if I were a politician, I'd be flying all over the world on your dime to!!
We're the snipers firing at you???
Please keep military information confidential.
Did you understand it?
Why is it that statements disagreeing with someone/something there is name calling? Are we 10 yr olds? We can't just discuss differences?
Take the 23 and me DNA test you fraudster! #FakeIndian
BTW, we had 8 years of someone TRYING to do the job, but was blocked by a Republican Congress on many things. He came into a mess and fixed

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
so? Did u explain to them how u and your friends are on front line of resistance to @POTUS?
Please stop Elizabeth in Wonderland 
When will you take a DNA test to see if your Native American? Since you used that to get a professor job at a University.
I wonder if the plan is to shut down operations after 16yrs in that country. Probs not cause a Afghan strategy is not a strong point for ppl
How about those women's rights in Afghanistan Poco
Sorry. Don't care.
Wow, now that's Presidential- thank you for the wonderful work you do!!  And try to ignore the tweet storm he'll probably start!
Really?
Thank you, Senator.
For WHAT?  A wasted trip?  We will win now that we are back to finish after Oblunder pulled us out too soon.?.
Take the DNC test, faker.
Oh boy. I'll bet you made a huge impact. You seem so important. Did you tell them about your Native American roots? Oh that's right. Oops.
Thanks for visiting!!
When will ancestry DNA results come back? Everyone is waiting
Did you at least listen?
Take the DNA test!!!
They sent her a DNA test she won't take it (Fauxcohantas) maybe she didn't study. LMAO 
She is a fucking fraud. Anyone pissing a vote away on this scum should have an evaluation for mental disorders.
Cut out all he fraud, waste, and mismanagement in all government programs. Strong oversight. Billions in savings.
President Warren

So does that mean you're colluding?
Sending this fraud to Afghanistan is scary and a waste of taxpayer money. Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of Pocahontas.
Right...I'm sure they layed  out the whole plan for you.Just stick to temper http://tantrums.New  binky at Walmart $1.29.
Did you wear your burqa? Black or powder blue?
Thx Pocahontas
And ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
That tax payer $ could have gone 2 health http://care.You  are just as bad as bank fraud Bernie & his wife Clyde & overrated Obama
16 years is long enough.  Bring our troops home with you.
Thank Obama for the last 7. Could have been finished in a year.
I wouldn't tell you squat Pocahontas
While the President has no input in our military. I'm happy the Senate understands the value of information, and the men and women serving.
Whos we?
Can you bring the girls robotics team back with you?
Yes! Those young women personify "nevertheless, she persisted." Makes my blood boil that they are not permitted to enter my country.
Oh I'm sure we'll see the photo ops when you get back. It still won't help with you re election
We should not be in Afghanistan. We both should have learned from the Russians experience there. Get us out of there, please.
Make sure to send an email update on an open server like your BFF.
Did you get your envelope? You know, the kind Hillary gets with money in it for bribes.  Just making sure you completely sell your soul
Maybe because she's on the armed services committee?

When you met with Pakistan Army in FATA, did you ask about their oppressive practices? Their coddling of extremist groups?
Glad someone is minding the store 
You should be on the steps of Capitol Hill shouting about how we need to end action in Afghanistan, Iraq, & all fake wars. But you're not...
Thankfully an adult did this
Why are you wasting tax payer money?
Don' tell Trump any classified information you may have learned. We all know how he can't keep a secret, even one of national security.
Did u tell them, yes, we are aware dt is insane?
Do the world a favor and stay out of it . You are way out of your depth.
Just another political boondoggle out there wasting millions of dollars of taxpayers money! You are a disgrace! Just use smoke signals!
Did you ask him how he is going to end this 16 year old war? What does winning mean in a counter insurgency? What is the goal?
Meanwhile, Herr Drumpf golfs... still...
Why?  Why did you need to go to Kabul?What was the benefit to your constituents?  Please explain.
You wouldn't understand nor would we expect you to.
I want to understand, explain it to me
It's the 4th of July. Some congress members visit troops. Some play golf. Some cook out with family. Some hide.
GREAT!! 
AS our next POTUS, i know you will not take up wrestling!!
She's being generous. General Nicholson is known in military circles as a hard ass
Calm down Pocahontas's
Thank you and your fellow Senators for your visit to our troops in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, Trump plays golf.
Wow some are really oblivious
God help us if u went
Pocahontas, stay there forever and make a change there. You don't have to come back to USA.
Well at least someone is trying to fill the empty POTUS shoes! Love you Liz!
I am sure you traveled there on my tax $. For what? You don't support our troops.
But you guys think that Pakistan is doing good ? 
Thank you for all of your tireless work, Mz. Warren!
Great!!
How!
