The bipartisan #TruthinSettlements Act passed unanimously through the Senate in the last Congress. It’s time to make this happen.
you support hills pac? just go be a republican already. you're a huge let down, u betrayed us to many times 
What's the difference? Democrats are puppets to Corporate America just like the GOP! That is why POTUS is so hated cuz he ain't no puppet!
he isn't gonna drain the swamp he is the swamp along with his cronies. enjoy ur one term dirtball lmao if he even makes 1 term
You and Michael Moore! Full of lies about Trump but short on solutions for getting our country back on track! Bush and Obama killed America
Dear senator Warren, please focus on impeaching trump. Thanks.
The House must first file articles of impeachment. Only once those are filed will a trial be held in the Senate.
Oh right, women should never be prepared and focused before the job begins.
What? Nothing in my statement said anything about gender. It doesn't make sense to focus on holding a trial if charges aren't filed.
It doesn't make sense to focus on financial things that don't affect most of us when our country is in danger.
Thanks to you both.  We, the people are feeling helpless, frustrated and disgusted by what the potus is getting away with!
What about the starving americans and about jobs?  You out of touch arrogant disregarding elite, we know your a fraud.
Enjoy your time in the limelight, we will be voting you out becasue you have not goverened since you took office, bad for you good for USA.
By the way I'm a former Mass Democrat for 24 years.  I am confident we have the nunbers to push you out.  I know you think you untouchable!
Consider yourself touched!  2018 will be a great year more america first less identity politics!  MAGA, STAY THE COURSE!!!!
Is she just the most moronic person I've ever seen.
Just shows what is representing us these days
Senator what was the result hope u were able to get what u were trying to achieve!!
"Backroom deal making" like Obama's secret Iran ransom payments?
GOP should all vote no on anything a Democrat introduces to the senate for voting just like all you pathetic Dems do to Trumps agenda!
Good for you. Deal making behind closed doors equals to a lot of corruption.
.
Thank you. I know i say it alot but i mean it
Wow - this will shut the liberal right down
Coming from the group that shoved ACA down or throats while everyone slept.  I'm so comforted #notruthinsettlements #brokenamerica
Then Nancy Pelosi and Bernie would only have an average salary! Don't do it!!
Isn't that how Washington works
Be careful Elizabeth Warren you might get Nancy Pelosi to be your enemy that's how she made her money
Do you ever work for your state? You do allot of MEANINGLESS BUSY WORK.
Excellent work protecting us
You mean the same backroom deal HRC made with the @DNC to oust Bernie?
Thank you, Sen. Warren for your good work on behalf of this country. (Thanks also for the block-fest opportunity!)
#iamsethrich
WHY IS CONGRES EVEN FUNCTIONING? SHUT.   IT.   DOWN. !! This is A CRISIS THAT NEEDS RESOLVED!
You know Obamacare was a back room deal to give more money to CEOs and I'm willing to bet obama got a kickback for that too
stop lieing, Trump already did that by putting a lobbying freeze that's why Democrats are so pissed at him
Would this have prevented the confidential side arrangements in Iran deal?
Also, let's see if the Dems won't have to fire 2 heads of the convention leading up to the elections.  Love to see your blue print.
Yup, good idea.  Make sure you cover CNN giving questions to the Dems before the debates and please protect Bernie from back door strategy
WE GOING RUN OUR GREAT NATION FOR ANOTHER 16 YEARS Bubba 16 MORE YEARS PEOPLE DUMBASS LIKE YOU CAN,T DO DAMN YEARS ,MARK MY WORDS HAHAHA I
Pass it!
YOU AND REST OF LIBERALS CAN BRAGGING ABOUT YOUR DEAD PARTY ,IT IS GOING TAKES ANOTHER 25 YEARS AMERICAN START TRUSTING YOUR PARTY ,
Great! Now can you focus on a balanced budget and debt reduction before we end up like Greece or Puerto Rico? Secure boarders would be nice
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING YOU MAY DON,T KNOW AS FAR IS WE CONSERVATIVE CENCERN  DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS DEAD ,D E A D
Not you also?! I almost kinda believed in you. You could have done more earlier during President Obama's eight freakin years.
How about something meaningful for banking reform. Hold criminal bankers accountable (prison - see Iceland). Restore Glass-Steagall Act
Blablabla
I wish he was a democrat. I really like him.
kinda like the back room deals on health care by obama and democrats
did u hear that Seth Rich murdered DNC employee was the leak to Wikileak, now that's news
Backroom deals have been going on forever!
Like the back door deals the DNC makes?
yeah right, we are all certain you'll find a way to profit from it
You mean the DNC is not going to be able to rig the primaries like their lawyer declare in court in front of a judge?
Nice to see a couple of Okies working together for the good!
they'll (them in charge) all like that as much as true transparency in gov. :( sads
All you Democrats are two face ,double standards,  you lost November get over it trump is here to stay !
Liz turn on the news and check out this Comey shit!
This whole country has been corrupt since the beginning! Slaves & GOD don't mix..........
When is that bastard Trump being impeached?
You are nothing but  double standards corruption  democrats party
Senator...there is new breaking news!!
Obamacare was a dirty, filthy conspiracy between Democrats and the ins companies. You have no room to ever speak of backroom deal making.
#2020!!!!
#IMWITHU 
Why didn't you introduce this bill when Obama's DoJ settled w banks & substantial portion of $ was going to Dem supported causes & groups?
Obamacare was passed through lies and backroom dealmaking.  Are you going to disavow Obamacare now?
Ban forced arbitration!
Your nothing a corrupt senator you should be voted out !
Go Get 'Em!!!
can you write a comment on the expansion of global gag rule during women's health week?
Withhold consent and demand a special prosecutor.  Don't wait until it's too late.
Maybe retweet tomorrow! A lot going on 
