Remember those who take health care away from the sick and needy. These heartless pricks will soon be replaced by Democrats who care.
Democraps don't care about you!! They only care about being able to control you and your every move. Democraps make yoh dependant on them.
You need to shake your slave mentality. The Democrats are the party of the working man. They are your only hope.
 Working man! The Middle Class doesn't benefit from anything the Loser Democrats do. It's just the Dead Beats on Government Assistance
You're going to have to explain how anyone benefits from the Trump presidency beside the super rich. He has nothing for you.
Off the top of my head All the regulations he is cutting Creates more jobs.
Cutting regulations will end with another financial meltdown like the one caused by Bush in 2007.Obama restored our economy. A true patriot.
BS. The financial meltdown was caused by Bill Clinton the Rapist. Stop listening to Fake News. Another example is the TPP.
I'd rather petition for Congress to give us their healthcare!  What's good enough for them is better for US!
They want American families to be self sufficient, much unlike you and your pathetic party.
Ok, Yeah Pokeyhauntus we believe you???
If your buddy @BarackObama hadn't turned out to be a let down and a liar this would not be happening right now.  We'd have Medicare 4 All!
I hear you. You're angry. I am too. 
 I try to to be patient and remember that this country is a large ship to steer.
Some people don't have any more room to be patient.  I lost everything in the last crash, I have no more patients with this crap.
That sucks. I'm sorry.
It does suck, I have had to put up with 40 years of Reaganomics, enough is enough already.
OMG I can't begin to describe how much I despise Reagan.They tank the economy, poison everything, makeout like robber barons & blame t poor
I for one am glad that Reagan is dead.  He did a great deal of harm to this country, and that harm still persists to this day.

#EqualPay
Then get to work and fix it (but you won't that was a joke) If you like it so much you should be required to be on Obamacare as well.
The @DNC is reckless, cruel, and immoral. Reckless-HRC 
Cruel-Funds Riots
Immoral-Abortion
WRONG! We elected Trump.and the repubs to repeal and replace the garbage plan you send forced on US.
Like you showed you didnt care when you turned your back on real reform with Bernie
@MAGA So Senator are you taking a waiver for OBAMACARE?  Hypocrite? good for people but not for members of congress?? @POTUS @SenateMajLdr
if you actually worked with the GOP and not shut them out then maybe could have come to an AGREEMENT!

Your face is reckless, cruel & immortal.
my thoughts exactly
How about tackling the price of pet meds?  Too many animals in shelters because of big pharma.  $3k in 3 months 4 dog too yng die.
Your Right, FULL REPEAL is the way to go
I hope you DO run for the Democratic ticket in the 2020 presidential election.
Are you kidding me? They don't care about anyone but themselves!
Really...are you on Obamacare? Answer?  Good for the American People should be good enough for you! 
Oh sure, just like how Obamacare was supposed to be wonderful, even though it turned to be the worst thing ever created. #Repeal
I'm sorry, @SenWarren , but your malicious attack rhetoric just doesn't fly. One can care about American families and still not support ACA
Snowflake
Really how about those who are forced into something they cant afford? Go to Portugal and see how their healthcare is working out.
Please call for an election of NO CONFIDENCE on this Administration. DJT is a madman!
Sign executive order all politicians get Obamacare. Let Obamacare fail and no bailout!!
You're the reckless one! Why should I have to, in any way, pay for your healthcare plan? You're horrible at your job and pitiful as a person
I think they already have shown that with 3 exceptions. And McCain is home having cancer treatment.
Hypocrite Elizabeth , you put us in this mess ,  at least Republicans read bills before the pass them.  Bye bye to you soon.
FULL REPEAL
#AHCA #AHCAfails #TrumpCare
how's Debbie? 
set an example for your district.  Decline your special healthcare provided to you buy US taxpayers, and enroll in Obamacare.

PETITION: 100,000 Signatures to Force Congress to Use Obamacare! http://conservativefighters.com/obamacare-petition/ …
Bet drug prices would decrease if patients weren't paying for ads abt "relapsing MS" ??!! Not many viewers have this.
Pharma ads are for meds that need a prescription. Bet MDs are sick of patients suggesting they need EXPENSIVE drugs.

NO, YOU DEMOCRATS ARE CRUEL, RECKLESS AND IMMORAL!!! YOU'RE ALL MORALLY BANKRUPT!! YOU WON'T BE RE ELECTED, THANK GOD!
THE ONLY SOLUTION IS START FROM SCRATCH !USE ACA AS TEMPLATE! WHAT FAILED IN IT ;AND WHY! A NEW APPROACH !GET INPUT FROM ALL THE SENATORS!
We would like to know what kind of health insurance you have.  This needs to be fixed NOW.  Stop taking your vacations and get working.

the north Koran are putting there finger in the eyes of the Americans
You are reckless and cruel you just want Obama nsme to go on you don't care most people can't afford Obama care
Great job blocking this terrible legislation, McCain is a true American hero again. Now let's fix the ACA like we should have from beginning
I thought it would be a good idea to keep an eye on you so I follow.  But I just can't stand to see the stupid shit you say.
U must be referring to Obamacare!
Why don't you give us the golden insurance all of you wealthy political leeches have paid for by us taxpayers.  Phony hypocrites
They have already shown that by creating it and sinking ACA.
Can't wait till Obamacare collapses...Get rid of Obamacare or mandate senators and congress have to be on it with no taxpayer help!
Warren/Franken 2020
If everyone in the senate feels Obamacare is the best thing since sliced bread, why aren't you senators all using it?
#singlepayer
MUDWOMAN.  TOP OF THE TRASH!

BIG MISTAKE

Democrats celebrate…
impeach Trump get him out and quite pussyfooting around he needs to be impeached

Obamacare has failed you going to tell us to my friend who is dying of cancer and has to take experimental drugs you are the stupidperson

Then leave it all intact. Just make damn sure to pass legislation that makes everyone in Govt have to use it.
Um, they have been doing that for a long time now. I'm already fully convinced.
Is she describing her personality?
All except 3 @SenateGOP showed they don't care about the American families
You know what else isn't caring for American families? Allowing abortion
Thank you for working so hard.
We already know they don't.
#SaveMedicaid
the party of NO  has been voting this way for close to 10 or 20 years depending on who is in the WH
What's 'Skinny Repeal' anyway? Ridiculous.
You are still exempt from it, correct?
Well they almost did pass it. All worried about Re election. Maybe that's the problem. One term Senators might be the solution.
I think they've already shown that. This is just another nail in the coffin.
You celebrate while others are jumping to their death over you and the @SenateDems evil need to keep Obamacare ->
Obamacare casualties - Mother and father jump to their deaths 'because they can't afford health care
#obamacare 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4739512/Couple-commit-suicide-health-care-costs.html …
What you and the @SenateDems are doing is reckless, cruel and immoral, you have ownership in this -> https://twitter.com/pepesgrandma/status/890971290940702720 …  Better Deal?
Obamacare casualties - Mother and father jump to their deaths 'because they can't afford health care
#obamacare 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4739512/Couple-commit-suicide-health-care-costs.html …
I cant help but notice you do not get your healthcare through an exchange.. If ACA is so great come join us on a bronze plan .. witch
And you do?  What a joke.
Being a Fake Indian is reckless, cruel, and immoral...
I agree..it is reckless.  Should be a TOTAL Repeal!! #Shameful
Princess Tellumbiglies you sure lower premiums make up for the huge increase in deductibles caused by Ocare? Youre straight up evil
Last night Elizabeth was laughing and happy about the failure I'm not happy my premiums are up 160% how much are yours Elizabeth
@nytimes @dcexaminer @CNNPolitics @thehill last night Elizabeth thought it was funny that the Obama care field I think she hates Americans
And Rep's did not care but THEY LOST as DT did it WILDLY.
I poetically aggree with you Senator..

Your moral high ground
was nowhere around
as safety nets are downed
by greediness profound
The working middle class needs to revolt and simply refuse to pay for obamacare
To a communist who cares less about working americans...yeah
Right, nobody cares about the American people except the Democrats. That why they have outrageous deductibles and premiums for Obamacare.
GOP cares they  tried to fix the mess Dems made of our healthcare.What did you do to help fix it? ABSOLUTLEY NOTHING!
ACA is too expensive, socialist & immoral. People should not be forced pay for coverage they will never need. What happened to Freedom?
Satisfactory
pretty sure they have already shown complete disregard for any life other than corporate control freak ones
BREAKING: They don't

HELLO @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity @RandPaul @ScottBaio @VP @FoxNews @therealroseanne 
YOU are cruel, reckless and immoral for letting 15 million Americans suffer under Obamacare.  It's a disaster!  YOUR DISASTER!
What are you going to do when Ocare goes bust!!!
She voted a against the single payer bill. Warren is all about Warren. No moral compass. A Hillary Clinton clone without the intellect.
What's very immoral is that America is 20 trillion in debt and you don't care!!! Obama spent 9 trillion and not a word from you.
Hang tough, Elizabeth Warren. We need you!
Like y'all to the middle class
Thank you Ms. Warren, all Senate Democrats, @SenatorCollins, @lisamurkowski & @SenMcCain for protecting health care for All Americans!!
Thank you for your voice and the protection of the health care of millions of Americans, #JESUS4PRESIDENT #FailureFriday
@NancyPelosi said that we will just have to pass it to see what's in it, when talking of the ACA and you now talk about reckless, cruel...
And you don't care of 42 million American families going bankrupt under Obamacare.  Do you?  Admit it.  #Hypocrisy
Its a shame the dumbocrats won't help the people that voted them into office. Time to clean house
And what is Obamacare? People are losing there coverages because insurance companies are pulling out.

The Awan Brothers story could bring down the ENTIRE Democrat party. This could be huge!  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEaNKDF3QkVBSlJNcUpKUVB8MWt2SnBqZ1lvVkRLRUacoHSAIQGzdAi9gYO6ZcMh1lxRW9yLghUWNQZ_OuG3 …
For you the idea of government controlled healthcare is more important even if rhe program is a disaster
The Democrats would prefer to kill old people and cost shift from medicare. Just like Obama did!
What is your solution than big mouth? All you do is whine but accomplish nothing. The real Diehl is coming. We can't afford OCARE. #liawatha
Your right! Just let the dumb middle class you hate so much pay those Obamacare premiums that are financial ruining them!
But do you care about the middle class who are footing this disaster, what about them?  It is all about the freebies to the lazy.
You could not be more wrong!
Not like YOU do, huh Pocahontas?
They show that every day. There's nothing new here.

Stop pretending that u care about ANYONE but YOURSELF
What happened to the moral majority!
They never cared. Sad that the party that was elected for the people, are gonna kill those same people. #sad #pray4Amerikkka
That's what Obamacare is. But as long as Government runs it, you love it.
So why didn't you vote for single payer?
Not fixing collapsing Obama care is reckless, cruel & immoral.If congress doesn't fix, they'll show they are liars and need to be voted out
Now dems have it watch it implode. What a joke the Democratic Party has become
Immoral???  Reckless?  All of you have to go... get to work for the people who elected you!
That all you do is complain?
Eliz you are sick. You need to help move this country fwd. or take all your millions and retire
It's ALL yours now!
They have already shown that.
Brett Bair
IT staffer of Wasserman
 https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/889977353119690753/video/1Brett … Bair
IT staffer of Wasserman
Well we know you don't give a damn. Get lost! Do you even have a clue how much the American people are sick of you!'
Great inflammatory rhetoric! Us independents take little solace in such BS. Put a comprehensive plan on the table that serves all Americans
forcing people to pay a fine if they dont sign up for obamacrap was moral and just? Even then people chose to pay the fine instead.
Republicans are the ememy of the American people.
With the exception of the sen from Alaska and McCain plus 1. ..
You can keep your doctor, your premiums wont go up. We were all lied to! Obamacare imploded because it was based on lies. You dems own it
And Obamacare in death spiral is what democrats want to celebrate?  Way to go Lizzy!
They showed they don't care about families just bringing it to the floor. The vote just shows how incompetent their "leadership" is.
You folks deciding on the future of our health care are reckless, cruel and immoral.
Please step across the isle and thank aisle and thank 3 of your @SenateGOP colleagues.
You are immoral !!
You make A LOT of hard working Americans SICK!
What is immoral is doing nothing for 8 years to Obamacare? You are the ultimate in hypocrisy!
Did you every listen to the reckless rants comming from your mouth Liz? Beyond belief that you were able to get elected-whats wrg wth voters
@senrobportman #ThisIsYou
Thank you Sen.Warren!You have represented us consistently & we r fortunate to have you!God Bless!
Then y'all do care about America families?  When you rushed to welcome refugees to America. For real you Slapahoe
As you did when you voted yes on Obamacare and we see what that's gotten us thanks Lizzie
WARREN, WHY is it not cruel & immoral for those of us that have LOST coverage cuz our premiums doubled?!!
Yay! Now my wife can continue to work part time, since Obamacare prevents her employer from allowing her to work full time. 
Communism is reckless, cruel and immoral.
You're a communist.
#Screw!
Cc V disappointed in @SenToddYoung. We will remember.
49 Republican senators showed how little they think of American families.  As for the 3 who voted "no", thank you.
Yes, and that is why it didn't pass 
Thank you for all that you do!
Thank you! #courage #integrity #honor #savingmillions!
We already know they don't care about us - regardless of the fate of the most recent expression of their cruelty
@SenWarren  I don't see the democrats trying to help. Why would it hurt the Democrats to assist in the health care problems? # help American

It was reckless & immoral to pass ACA on TOTAL LIES. How do you sleep at night, knowing you were part of a big lie?
BS. Not caring about families is Pelosi saying "we have to pass it to know what's in it". Anything is better than Obamacare. You know that
