And I promise we will not go down quietly.
This will need to be our takeaway for the midterms (if we still get to vote then):
It's official: every SINGLE Senate Republican cares more about 5-4 SCOTUS majority than potential Traitor in the Oval Office.#NuclearOption
Also it's time we start talking our own nuclear options.
I'm packing up & ready to push a May 1 march on Washington. They are not listening to us. Let's break their economy & demand representation.
You (Democrats) already had your own nuclear options...  Remember Harry Reid?
Troll.
THREAD. Cyberwarfare explained based on my 6 weeks on Twitter. “Trolls” or “trollbots” are real people who man, say, 100 accounts. (1/22)
So when someone states a fact they are a troll?
I already muted all your other accounts so we'll just play Troll or No? w/ you instead.
Nice touch with the recipes.
Usually cyberdrone Twitter accounts are on autopilot rt’ing from accounts that match the philosophy of an assigned American archetype.(3/22)
When Trump's impeached for treason everything has done should be declared null and void.
Ahhhh gullible lib sponges R soo f'g funny! Hold onto that ridiculous "make a wish" 4 the next 7 yrs 9.5 months snowflake while Trump #MAGA!
That's what all the Russian trolls are saying
We LOMFAO at you lib snowflakes.. we cannot "resist"!! I c this shit is all U have 2 say 2 all, just like a typical despicable #MAGA
The Russian trolls are less fluent in English these days, but it makes them easy to spot
You havent said anything if substance yet
There's one
The only thing the GOP should own is complete extinction.
And yet it is the dem party facing extinction. Enjoy the implosion.
Bingo, add a few more -ism and Dem party will definitely drive thebus right off.. keep up the good work @SenSchumer and @SenWarren !!
Ooh....stop it. You're scaring me into voting democrat.  Lol.
Freedom of religion like choosing who you bake a cake for? #democrat #hypocrisy
Myself as a woman has all the rights men have, so what are you babbling about this time?
That's great, but we'll still have to suffer those slings and arrows, no matter who owns it.  
As will the illegals you want to bring into this country. You have no idea what the hell you speak of. Treason. Pale Face.
And yet you say nothing about antifa at UC Berkeley for bashing Freedom the speech
Term limits need to start with you, Fauxahontas!
Yeah but you know how we are about the Constitution, its safe with us unlike Barry the hater
Just like you own every attack like this > http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/04/18/police-crazed-man-yelled-allahu-akbar-targeted-whites-deadly-shooting-rampage …
WHY DON'T YOU HAVE SOMETHING POSITIVE TO SAY. YOU ARE JUST IN THE WAY STEP ASIDE
Funny how you never fight for men's rights!
Matthew 9:13
But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy and not sacrifice.’ For I did not come to call the [1/2]

Like the Dems own the damage they have done to our country for the past 8 years??
The Dem party has no shortage of delusional psychopaths!
Dems are becoming more and more like the party of delusional psychopaths
At this point, I just want to make sure they own TRUMP
You're a hypocrite and a liar and it's typical damn libtard you need to resign as you have done your constituents a disservice
By propping up the last corporatist loser and you failing to endorse a true progressive? How does your history accomplish that?
they want to own it-set the country back 50 yrs.-impose their racist beliefs. Some dk they are middle class- Republicans making <$100k yr
We'll gladly own it! Much better than a court stacked with far left kooks like you hag!
They don't f*cking care. This is absolutely their dream come true. Shockingly horrible people.
You're an odd angry old twit.
Are you paying your female n male staff members equitably? Take a look at your payroll.
Enough with your LIES.  Sick of hearing LGBT already. That's all you DEMS know. Dems have to OWN for taking away Democracy! Corruption!
And those things are what ole Neil will fight for, unlike the lobs on the court now.
Except that it was the #Obama_White_House that paid female employees less, than male employees doing the same job.
Last time I checked #Obama was #not a republican.
You're just mad bc Progressives didn't get the 5-4 vote to destroy the rest of the constitution.
it will be a glorious day when you're voted out of office, you lunatic.
What an idiot!  Thank you for what you do, you guarantee the Dems will never be in power again .
Like you stand for women? You stood with the woman who accepts $ from the Saudis. How hypocritical are you? Make up your mind. #flipflopper
Shut up Pocahontas. You will be voted out. People sick of u dems. #liar#fakeindian#woowoowoo
Shut up, Warren.
Maybe now with a conservative court balanced we can finally pass SHOW ID TO VOTE LAW supported by SC insuring only American citizens vote.
This coming from the woman who pays women on her staff less than male staffers. Hypocrite
Elizabeth. They don't care. They don't care at all. They would rather watch the world burn.
Because women need to continue to fight for rights they already have?. Someone needs to get a grip
I doubt that will be seen as a negative by them.
If you weren't such an obnoxious, loud-mouthed little gnat, you'd be comical. #fearmonger #liar #hypocrite #loser
Whine, squawk, caterwaul. #lyingfearmonger #hypocrite #Loser
See how a leader with a team of experienced, intelligent adults performs instead of community organizer and a group of sycophants?
No one is talking about repealing/reversing anything but Dems who want to create fear so they can return to power. #lyinghypocrite
Soon it'll be 6-4. #thanksHarry
Just as you have town the job-killing, illegally-funded Obamacare debacle. #hypocrite
Just as you have to own the refugee crisis, ISIS, rise of terror in Europe and at home, illegal crime.
Just as you have to own the collapse of O'care w/ its skyrocketing premiums, millions of working, tax-paying Americans who lost coverage.
Just wait until Trump gets to nominate another justice.. .maybe 2
How convenient that you didn't mention pay equality.  Is that because you pay your female staffers 29 cents less a hour than a man staffer?
You've hit 5 for 5 @SenWarren all the things that Trump is FOR. Quit fear mongering, you are unhinged.
I asked my wife what rights she wants back, she said not sure what them crazy bitches are talking about. There ya go. ..
That is such a crock. You advocate to KILL BABIES! Who cares from that point forward what you think. You think woman are only factories.SICK
You speak of "rights" while naming collectives of special interests.
How much are you paying your women these days?
Wait til @POTUS puts another honest conservative @Scotus judge on squaw
And the sky is falling on #SenFakahantas. Give it up. YOU are not relevant!
And we're fine with that, Pocahontas.
Hey Panderhontas, get a real job.
Stop repeating yourself.
Freedom of speech and religion. That's rich coming from the Dems.
When are you going to pay the women that work for you the same as their male counterparts?  #Lieawatha
The only side against freedom of speech & religion is yours fauxcahontas. And soon it will 6-3 then 7-2, Whoop Whoop!
SCOTUS ONLY loyalty should be to the Constitution!  SCOTUS should have never been politicized by anyone.  Lady Justice should be blind!
Democrats are destroying free speech. It's dead in CA. It was murdered by Dem politicians who ordered police to stand down vs leftist mobs.
Please stop pretending you care about ANY of those issues or that you speak for women.
Best Election Ever!
I wear dresses daily in public In Pence's Home Town No one is attacking LGBT Rights in the GOP .
shame on u your president n his cabinet killed americans shame on u all
Past your bedtime ... nighty night ... turn off twitter ... go to sleep ...
We will...
What are u smoking, Pocahontas?
Get real
He is not attacking any of those things. You are drinking from strange toilets. Again.
Let hope the great constitution of US is preserved for all Americans as written and not new laws legislatived from the bench
Dear Senator, shouldn't you work on paying your female staffers as much as you pay your male staffers before you start criticizing others?
Own them. We REVEL in the protection of the unborn.
All that the #GOP destroys will have to be rebuilt after they are gone. Can the unwealthy ever rule in #America?
We'd like to thank Chief Spitting Bull for continuing the campaign. With her rhetoric we can expect even more #winning
I'm gay. Its all good. 
Not worried.
Thanks 
They don't attack human rights, stop the propaganda. GOP is a big tent and there is a sect of religious pro-life peeps that have rights too!
It's the left that holds down women, attacks freedom of speech and hurts the LGBT community. All will fare better under GOP rule.
What this brings back to memory - suffrage. You women complain and act like it is still going on.  Grow up. Take
Responsibility for yourself
So if we all have the same rights how is this comment valid? There is no meaning.
What an absolute crazy person.
But just think of all the unborn future women who won't be killed!!
Maybe you should practice what you preach & tell Socialist Bernie he owes us tax money.
There's been no attack at all but fake Indians aren't known for being truthful.
Ok Pocahontas￼
there are none of those you lyin' fake Indian.
Happy to own it, thanks.
Soon to be 6-3 babycakes 
Gladly !!
OH SHUT UP!
GOP is not attacking LGBT rights ETC! But DEMS ARE attacking Religion & Freedom of speech daily!
Hey works for me. Better than you liberals winning all the 5-4 calls. #GorsuchConfirmed
A #FreeAmerica owns the Right to have its Laws judged by the original intent of the #Constitution,not by some wannabe #Totalitaraians'

Are you talking in your sleep?
Demagoguery and fear mongering predictable currency or the left.  I could have written this pathetic script for you based on track record
Sorry the opposition to women voting was the Democratic Party! Did you give the ladies on your staff a raise?
Lighten up Pocahontas!  Spreading your BS to try and get people panicked.
I'm over it already.
Voting rights? You are delusional. There is no attack on women's VOTING RIGHTS.
Explain why you pay your women employees 20% less you hypocrite
Please elaborate Senator, exactly what "rights" are being challenged? As for freedom of speech your party is the one squelching that.

And own it we shall!
why do u hate the Constitution?
Because she's a Socialist.  Polite way of saying Commie
Ok Pocahontas
Congress should legislate, POTUS should regulate, SCOTUS should decide when the GOV is out of bounds, why is that so hard to understand?
No one cares about you anymore
Hey Lyingbull Warren, why haven't you been indicted for stealing the identity of Am. Indians and taking benefits that belongs to them? Shame
Chief Buffalo Dung.
LGBT rights like what? Like a BOY running for the GIRLS track team?? YOU CALL THAT A RIGHT?? Well what's TITLE 9 all about then? So stupid.
When are you dumbocrats going to admit YOU LOST
Ma'am, I'm going to kindly advise you to stop using lgbt folks to push your agenda.  Many of us see right through and LOATHE you.
Why is liberal left NOT tearing @SenWarren apart over women wages less than men.  Isn't she violating women's rights?   Ok bc she is dem?
Go back to your teepee and shut up. You lost all credibility when you lied about being Native American. Your a racist !!
You're embarrassing your district. Please stop.
Her district my Aunt Fannie.  She's embarrassing the whole country.  Needs to learn tact.  See next tweet
Bless your heart, I think you need your meds... #TRUMP2020 
I have been to 31 States and 19 Foreign countries and this Elizabeth Warren is the dumbest piece of shit I have ever seen, Who elects her?
Finally sanity will return to the Supreme Court! #MAGA #DownWithLiberalInsanity
And democrats own over 9,000+ murders of minorities in Chicago since 2001 when theycreated the Plan for Transformation...displaced the poor.
We own it just like in Mass we are stuck owning you..Will the tribal senator please sit down...
Hopefully 6-3 before long. Thank you harry, liawatha and all the socialist senators of 2013. 
- Nice try but it's Libs, Dems, LGBTs & the Left who are intolerant & have attacked voting rights, freedom of speech & religion.
.@SenWarren needs 2 practice what she preaches by paying women on her staff the same as the men. How many women does she employ?  #hypocrite
Unfortunately,  I think they are fine with that...
Can you please just serve with a modicum of dignity for once instead of triggering the far left? #chickenlittle
And what rights are those that you don't have?
We can't wait to restore the constituion, rule of law and individusl rights.  Thanks Harry Reid!


New narative. Russians, aliens, LGBT... Seriously lady...
Elizabeth... Liz, Cupcake, you promised you'd stop sniffing glue. Do we to hold an intervention again?

6-3 or 7-2 soon!
This cracks me up. Not one thing has been taken away. So stop@being chicken little
