Can you say Nuclear Option? You Dems own Harry Reid..talk about liars. Nothing was stolen you lost and are out of touch with American people
Are you saying Harry Reid wouldn't have done the same thing? Please...
No senator has EVER done what McConnell did to Garland & Obama. It was unprecedented & history will remember him as a power hungry racist.
Was Garland black? Power hungry RACIST? He is married to an Asian woman. Please stop with the epithets...so pethetic.
His marriage to an Asian woman doesn't lessen his racist behavior toward Pres Obama. And you misspelled pathetic, which speaks for itself.
Nice to see the personal attack for a typo. Very civil of you. You could have just called me a a racist..your fallback insult?

The GOP has no moral compass. They stole that seat and would not even acknowledge it. I will never think of anyone who votes R the same way
Ya Know, the Left needs to accept the fact that Hillary lost fair and square. Get over it and Move on! Don’t make things worse for yourself!
Gerrymandering
Voter suppression 
Russian trolls
Bots
Possible hacking of machines
False ads
Is not "fair & square."
#CrookedHouse
Good list. “Propaganda” would fit right in there with false ads.
Obama won twice... stick those fingers deeper in those ears though, good for you
He might have won twice, but what did he do for the Black community? He made it worse! Obama was just a Yes Man. Remember the Red Line?
Funny you say that because Trump said he better not do another test and a week later he did. Trump is crazy
Only in American can a person run for President and be married to rapist.

Harry why do you like alternative facts


Two side of coins


Really
"Stole" is right and they must pay
We the people weren't going to stand by and @BarackObama place another Marxist on the SCOTUS. #YouLost
As if the DemoCRAPS wouldn't have done the exact same thing, if they had the same opportunity. You speak with forked tongue.
Terrible.
What do we do? How to overturn Ridiculous "Citizens United" case?! It even contradicts itself!
Thanks.  
@SenSanders @SenFranken @rosie
Nothing will shut these GOP fools up except abject failure. When they have destroyed the country, only then will they get out of the way.
Yep. They will throw us back into recession like they ALWAYS do and the Dems will have to clean it up. AGAIN
The rules need to change...have needed to change. There should be NO lifetime appts for these seats....it's ridiculous and always has been
They can be impeached
Oh can they?  Thanks for info....didn't know. But still a lifetime appt???
Yes it is a life long appt, but they surly can be impeached, you're welcome Corrine. We need a Dem congress.
Lmaofff...lib jackazzes
Stole the seat??? WHAT planet are you on?? Thats the problem with you libs.. just because you say it... you think that makes it true. When in fact we the people just view the idiocy and attribute it to another lib that needs to be voted OUT of office, #RIPDEMS2018
i don't want to hear morality lessons from a woman,who lied about being indian in order to receive a scholarship.

I bet you dems & Obummer would’ve done the same if you could. Lol
I still can't believe we let them get away with that shit.
#unrig #Deepstate #OPSoros #pigeongate #megathreadpartduex
#BiglySmiles 
pocohontas here seems to forget it was harry reid that first used the nuclear option.
If the earth and it's population survive, the Gorsuch appointment may end up being Drumpf's most damaging legacy.

#ResignTrump   
I feel your pain. . .
If Hillary Clinton wasn't the worst candidate in the presidential history you would've gotten your pick!!
Bot
Blocked
Am I a bot too if I agree?
Depends on who you agree with! 
Look Mom, I turned myself into a robut, by believing!
?
What happened?
Seat was never stolen president not allowed last year in office remember dems stopped it last time
And 2 more conservatives will be seated making it 7-2. Glorious!
so hypocritical i seem to recall @BarackObama used the same process to get the judges he wanted into scotus.
Still blaming the Russians....hey did you guys find the boogy man too. Hillary is a criminal! Wait I know....I'm a racist...
Clearly @miovine10 represents the lollipop kids.
Think it might have been @BarackObama who said elections have consequences
It amazes me that it doesn't bother you pitiful Democrats to lie through your teeth about EVERYTHING that doesn't go your way....
It isn't democrats lying, and it amazes me that all the corruption in the WH doesn't bother you - beginning with the dirty tricks (and treason) used to get there.
"It isn't Democrats lying?" You're kidding right?  ALL politicians lie. It's all about power and money and neither party gives a about us.
@HonNeilGorsuch is working in a stolen seat and is also hanging out at the Trump hotel which to me should be a conflict of interest.
Gorsuch brings pay to play to the United States Supreme Court
Yep and it's shameful. He is not going to do the right thing for minorities, immigrants, etc...
If Dems wanted SCOTUS so bad they would've voted to win. We did! 
This is a Constitutional crisis.
Don't worry when more conservative Judges are appointed it will not be any longer.
Stole? See Biden rule.
Tell the truth and shame the devil(Whitehouse).
How do you steam a Supreme Court seat?
While millions of dollars are used by cabinet secretaries for personal travel use, people suffer and die in the remote disaster areas of PR.
The thinking that made this happened needs to be overpowered. Equal & opposite reaction may stop it but there needs to be more applied.
what ever it takes to remove the democrats from power and get this country back on track with normal thinking
What can we do to stop this madness? Anything? Or are we just fu€ked?
God is in control of the supreme court. Get over yourself Liz.
Stole?  It was by the books unlike you who lies about her heritage.
Meanwhile, liberals believe that Dr. Suess is racist :).  That's some critical thinking there 
Elizabeth Warren , a rich whacked out loon
They stole his SCROTUM too.
#pocahontas
And will for years to come.
I wouldn't call it investment. Trickery?
Now... Now... Don't be bitter...
And the founding fathers are probably covering their faces in shame.
Seething anger.
I am Super excited about SCOTUS #2 #MAGA !!
Your skewed version of that story is funny.
It's about time the Dems brand him as illegitimate and attack the credibility of the SCOTUS. Just like the R's would do under same situation
Naturally, that was the plan and nobody had the tiniest balls to stop them 
Idiot warren

Up your ass, Pocahontas.
The dishonorable judge Gorsuch! These judges allude to religious beliefs and then lie thru their teeth for top 1%
It wasn’t stolen, and yes it has paid off for those who still believe in the constitution. Sorry Pocahontas!
How was it that #GOP was able to STEAL this seat? Don't we have laws? #NeverForget
They used our faith in democracy as collateral.
All the sick degenerates & Russian boys are sure worried about Warren. Filling her TL with their hate & ignorance.
No I think this is going to come back and bite them in the ass 
Bot frenzy!  Don't worry @BarackObama and @SenWarren we see them for what they are. Nice place to find trolls to block, too.
Gorsuch won't do the right thing for anyone, but trump voters just think they won a ping pong game.
Im so mad..but it’s not good for my health. Still, horrific, horrific. And I hate McConnell, worm.
#WarrenFranken2020
If H were in the White House after losing the popular vote and with Russian interference, she would have been killed and the country would still be in flames
Gorsuch was nominated by a fake president and installed by complicit repubs. Fight to have the election overturned including the judge
Now swallow it.
You would have done the same thing and you know it.  Harry Reid been seen lately? Rumor was DNC had him killed
Warren has no problem with Oboma spending millions for a computer program for signing g up for heath care
Them spend millions to fix it.
Hurts to have some one honest in our justice system doesn't it.
Whatever there Lieawatha. Your just crying because the Dems aren't in the drivers seat. Tough luck. The last thing the American people need is a uber liberal left Court. I'll stick with the Conservative Court. Give me one more Conservative Justice...
DO YOUR JOB
Lol
Haha ...spilt milk huh, Pocahontas?
Who came up with fair and square (4 = sides), why not fair and triangular
Maybe you can take it up with your tribal leaders?
One of many things they've stolen.
What happened?
#WINNING
#Winners gonna #win!!
#lying #losers gonna #whine and #cry and #pout! #MAGA is #abetterdeal!! #lieawatha
Did you know that Mueller, whrn he was FBI Chief, used the FBI's fleet of private jets to fly everywhere he went along with his AG. That cost far exceeds anything Price has done. I think the fleet is 1700 jet. AMAZING, but true.
Stole,are you nuts? everything was legal, you completely lost it, Pocahontas.
Thanks for noticing. And the USA benefits from it.
To quote ex-President Obama, "Elections have consequences." Get over it.
This was done with the aid of Democrats who voted for the confirmation.
Sorry when the table is turned on you.  Huh
It was wrong of the Republicans to stop Pres Obama's nominee.
Even w/all the awfulness Trump has brought to the White House, this is still the most damaging act of political sabotage done in my lifetime
Oh yes they did. That is why McConnell cleared pathway.
McConnell made sure there were no obstacles in the way.
I’m with you senator ... this is truly a sad day 
Gorsuch must be impeached. https://n.pr/2wYqO8q 
So, What's Neil Gorsuch Up to These Days? http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/a12465124/neil-gorsuch-mitch-mcconnell/ … via @Esquire

Why did we let them steal the seat? Seriously? It kills me every time awful things come from this WH, i.e. every day.
If Trump could 'steal' some more he might be able to appoint a few who could stay awake.
so now a President making a SC appointment is 'stealing' from the previous President?
Then impeachment is in order
If election was stolen, what are implications for Gorsuch? Can he be disrobed?
This is s totally unconscionable move. Only the few privileged in this country have rights. It's time they feel the wrath of voters. VOTE
Now that's a left side opinion only and we all know what opinions are like just some are bigger than others #fakenews #worktogether
Win one for the deplorables
I sure hope so.


Yea 
All of trump's investments pay off or will pay off.  Wait until you try to impeach him.  Bigly dividends.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @SCOTUSblog  thank god we won ! And get ready for more losing because we got this!
And will continue to for decades.
Agreed. To our detriment.
So distressing. I knew it would be bad but I simply didn't imagine the scope of HOW bad.
We need relief, change. Hoping it comes soon
Elizabeth it's time to stop complaining about Chump. Senate needs to do a better job alround.
No one stole President Obama's SCOTUS seat. That seat belongs to WE THE PEOPLE, and we're the ones who told our reps not to have a hearing.
It is a crime to receive stolen merchandise, but not a stolen SCOTUS seat.  I'm just sayin'.
Shut Up Already
Yay !
When was Obama appointed and confirmed to the Scotus?
stole?u demorats have stolen everything u have/& btw show us yr indian heritage ON THE BAKER ROLLS/LYING TRASH!!!
Stole the seat? Typical BS, everything is stolen or racist or some type of phobic. And democrats wonder why they lost.
Despicable!  #Gorsuch
You can impeach Gorsuch! Once election is declared invalid, that should be step #1.
Amen. GOP knows how to invest. You only know how to tax and spend. Or actually, spend first, then raise taxes because you can’t do math.
GOOD!
The Thief Justice
Go smoke a "peace pipe" please. Oops,sorry, you're not a Native American , my mistake !
Yes isn't it great Pocahontas
More to go Sis ! Get over it and pass a bill !
What's it going to take to impeach this lunatic? Seriously!
this is pure BS-disjointed, illogical & irrelevant
rhetorical Q: what does "get along w/another state mean"
NOTHING
from a Brazilian account
It's not, nor has it ever been @BarackObama 's SCOTUS seat! That seat belongs to the people of the USA, your BOSS! Act right or leave!
...and elections are now "stealing"
You serve to please not to protect and practice the law of the United States.  Chaos resulted when true justice and true law is now on board
True Justice well-served.  You both and cohorts lost due to stupid and self-serving political platform.
Your political system is broken. Run, win, and fix it. 

Signed the rest of the western world.
So SCOTUS is a corrupt enterprise aka partisan
Aren't you happy?
Who gives a  who won or lost.. the country is in peril now...this is the wakeup call to COME TOGETHER...UNITE NOW!
OMG Lizzie do u practice lying or does it just come naturally?!
Why do I feel like my Progressives need to take lessons on how to fight Let's study "The Art of War" the NeoCons have and its working 4 them
both of you had driven his country into the biggest division of its people in history you will pay for this in 18
HILARY & her emails, No Biggie now that we know everyone in this White House has them. We need to focus on Slowly Losing our Domocracies 
Thank God it did!
How about the money you stole for claiming you are native American.  #fauxahontas
Might get 2 more to boot.
Awesome right!!
Liz U admit its a "Dem Seat" meaning as long as they go along with the democrat agenda and forget the law they are okay? Like oth Dem-judges
The poor lack of good judgement demonstrates that judge's inability to make wise decisions on the bench.
With a little help from the #BernieOrBust and #DemExit crowd.

Now it's a matter of bracing for the consequences
Contacting @DemSocialists or setting up mutual aid for the future serfs to the Kochs may be in order
I'm not fighting the Repukelicans anymore.  I'm just sitting back,  waiting for this whole Trump show to IMPLODE.And it's going to be SWEET
"Forced."
Turtle thef of the SC seat was the first dorsal fin of the great white tragedy we now now call a government. We have to stop sleepwalking
#TRUTH Everyday is a NEW day! #GodBless @BarackObama @MichelleObama @BillClinton @HillaryClinton @SenWarren @elizabethforma & I, Gloria Law.
Stole? Overdramatizing everything! We couldn’t take one more Ginsburg-type SCOTUS!
I am disgusted. You would think Gorsuch would have at least been somewhat schooled in his ethical obligations. Embarassment to judiciary.
Gorsuch was only put in place to serve tRump and the GOP. Like most GOP the law and Constitution doesn't matter.
He's got professional obligations as an attorney & to the judiciary regardless. Stunning to watch him ignore those entirely. No.INFURIATING.
Gorsuch is loyal to party & tRump his oaths to the law, Constitution and America mean nothing
That's not how it works! This is sooooo bad.
Yes thanks to you Bernie and a whole bunch others now you're going to complain
Quit lying to the poor LYING AMERICAN INDIAN WARREN and tell them the truth your only there to make yourself rich.  LYING dumbest person
Funny to me Lying American Indian Warren the vice president said 16 years before that idiot the next administration should choose.
Well seems to me Lying American Indian Warren they stole nothing idiotic stupid dumbest person in Washington.
Yep!
Extremely concerned for the #WORLD  RIGHT NOW ..... HEY WORLD  
@BarackObama, Joe Biden, Clintons & Chuck Schumer are determined to keep the DEM Party oppressed in the CENTER of nowhere near Conservatism!
When Chuck Schumer was caught blushing b/c Trump "likes him" it was proof that  Schumer is a damn 2-faced, snake, spy & scourge on Dem Party
Yes, and even after the horrible articles about how he always finds for the money. But then, that explains why Trump bought him.
What a bunch of lies....
The worst candidate is in the White House, and proving it every day
Everything about trump is false, never known anyone that lies like that man, he lives in a fantasy world and dragging nitwits along with him
It wasn't @BarackObama 's SCOTUS seat. It "belongs" to the American people.
Hillary didn’t lose twit, know your numbers, Trump didn’t win I hope you have sense enough to know, Russia, uncounted votes, machine hackin
Getting almost three million votes more than Trump isn’t fair and square
Why did you allow them to steal it !
All these comments, like tears in rain.
Not ok
That totally sucks!
They're doing everything I elected them to do, so if it makes you cry....wait, everything makes you cry, so I guess I'm good then!

how?
You should have thought of that before you supported the candidate who was destined to lose! She proves it with her book!
This is vulgar and like watching the beginning of a beautiful tapestry begin to come unwoven.
Good
Shut up! You will not be reelected you are a Clinton cult member
Got to love Trump SCOTUS appointment. Screwed up the Dems lol
That was a cheap theft of democracy that will live in infamy
Well we should not let them get away with allowing their Cabinet Secretaries to rob the Treasury by violating the GSA travel regulations!
Stole? If somebody stole something, call the PoPo!
"Barack Obama's SCOTUS seat"?

I thought SCOTUS members were there to be a voice for the Constitution, not a failed ex-President. Silly me.
Shit Up you gave it to them ! With a weak candidate ! Remember
