why aren't you doing anything about the recent immigration EO? asking for a friend
She was literally on site at the protests.
where's the legislation overriding the EO?
Legislation takes time. For a more rapid response, you want a court order. Of which there were five within 48 hours.
will believe it when i see it
Fair enough. I think impeachment proceedings should have been drawn up on day 1, so I can't blame you.
let's find out from @SenWarren and @SenSchumer and @NancyPelosi what their political strategy is. i'm really just curious.
@melaniedrose
And what about your lying ass!
or give an Alternative Fact... It was a speed bump.
we have to save pub ed. or the poor won't have a chance at getting a education. Vouchers don't pay for everything.
But he would be at the bottom of the sea and very dead ?
He'd deny there was an iceberg
Well, actually it was the @TheDemocrats CRA Policies & cheerleaders Barney Frank that led 2 housing meltdown. #facts
It's weird that after one of trump in office, FSB moles arrested and pee-hooker source dead in car. @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris
just keep tweeting. It'll solve everything.
What an utterly stupid comment. She works so much that I think it's okay to take 2 minutes to send a tweet.

All of the GOP would likely deny hitting an iceberg and blame any damage on the Dems.
IFS ARE TOTALLY UNREASONABLE.
U are correcto mundo.
I didn't realize that the deaths of more than 1,500 people was something to joke about.
If Warren were Captain of the Titanic she'd re-create an entirely different set of accounts and blame another Captain #FANNIEGATE
That'd be @realDonaldTrump & #cesspool with their #alternativefacts
No, he'd claim to have sunk the iceberg.
U would claim it 4 Ur Egyptian trib "de-nial" since "I am part American Indian"  Hm-m-m, really? Wow what a honest gal?
Why do you hate Jews?
Your sinking with your party. Old tactics no longer entertain anybody.
Do you have much to acclaim for yourself? #MuchDoubt
we are gov by tacit agreement, what happens if a pres acts like a king. I doubt he would let anyone arrest him, no laws for him
like you denied the lie of your Harvard application?  You literally stole a job from a true Native American
He'd deny there was an iceberg #alternativefacts #NoMnuchin #TrumpsCesspool #StopTheMadness
please! Vote NO to all that is Trump. Compromise is not an option! We're counting on you! #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #WomensMarch
sounds like most politicians
what's wrong? he only lied a little
and Trumpster would already b in 1 of the lifeboats dressed like a WOMAN!
kind of like how you refuse to aknowledge how you lied about being Native American
funny thing is this is exactly what your buddy and fellow Democrat did while running for president. Oh have you forgotten Hillary
You're why the democrats always lose. Listen to yourself. Subversive threat to democracy. This isn't how it works you liberal zit
like you denied being a white girl?
this whole administration is steering the titanic, and when the ship sinks they'll toss us out of the way for the boats
You'd be the Captain of Mariel boat #elizabethwarren2020 #Hannity @maddow
If Steve Mnuchin was  the Captain of The Titanic, he would have been in the first lifeboat with as much cash as he could carry.
He'd deny the sinking even when the water was up to his fucking knees.
Nothing like putting the fox in charge of the hen house, right?
Sorta like when u lied about ur Indian Hertage and flipping houses during the housing crisis?
please bring impeachment proceedings against trump
#withholdconsent You must insist nothing moves forward til the Ban and Bannon are removed WITHHOLD CONSENT #StopPresidentBannon
love that comparison
You are a very deceitful person and destructive to the American people
that would be Sean Spicer and Kellyanne Conway's job.
i might b wrong but i thought they proved it was not a iceberg was not the cause the Titanic sinking
Get a life, Pocahontas wanna-be!!!
Lmao
you're awesome! 
so would Trump.  He would blame the servants
good one!!!
Dimwitted Warren...you need to hide under a socialist rock!
ice?
and your American Indian... Right.
You're*
He would deny that Icebergs existed.
Stick to facts.  You don't need to post this kind of drivel. It is beneath you.
liawatha really?
VOTE NO OR GO!
and I'm sure you'll vote to confirm him just as you did Ben Carson@
how about you and all Dems STOP voting in Trumps choices. It's like catch and release...grill 'em and vote them in!
Tom Price would buy stock in life preservers before steering into the iceberg.
Steve Mnuchin would deny the existence of icebergs.
that's only because they denied the iceberg existed to begin with :)
Are you saying he lies well enough to be a Democrat/socialist like you?
didnt the titanic sink after @democrats hit the iceberg wen they nominated Hillary u were part of the crew werent u or nah #Shade
Good work blocking him. #resist
seriously? You STOLE by LYING! No Cherokee blood you lied and stole a Harvard scholarship!
All of the Trump administration Senator, but I bit the Russians know.
@HalSparks and even after it cracked in half and hit the ocean floor
If u actually were an American Indian u wouldn't have been caught lying about being an American Indian
shouldnt you be working on something more important than constantly insulting fellow Americans?
ethics,ethics,ethics!!!
like you pretending to be an Indian?
Native American*. Indians are from India.
Isn't it spelled Munchkin as in small high -pitched voice hominid from the land of OZ
 your saying this with a straight face right!!!
@emilyyaaahh @megcapri_
Or that he was native American.
AS HE VOTES IN TWO STATES!  Keep at it ELIZABETH WARREN!
#WomenAndChildrenFirst
thank you for your leadership! America needs you. America won't forget how you fight for us. #resist
Boy aren't you witty. #givingdopesavoice #lyingliz #crazyladyprobs
@musiikkia @KellyannePolls  As would his boss, @realDonaldTrump !
that's some serious shade you just threw his way. Keep fighting.
@AnnieMcCarren Please #StopDeVos I know this #MuslimBan is huge but our children's futures depend of education in our country.
what? You're not voting for him like you did for Ben Carson? #sellout
- even if there were video...
You are such a liar are really an American
@froomkin  As would Sean Spicer.
... and would shove an old woman out of a lifeboat and into the sea.
@vgutowski He'd deny the existence of the iceberg.
Fixed it : If Steve Mnuchin were the Captain of the Titanic, he’d lie about hitting the iceberg.
and if it were you, you'd be the only one that got off
look at @MassGovernor and the POTUS they constantly lie. It's follow the leader.
And he'd be on the first lifeboat out of there
just like you failed to report money

if Trump were Captain, he would have said that he hit that iceberg better than anyone ever hit an iceberg. Then deny saying it
You going to approve him, or just make speeches about it?
Stop confirming Trump's Cabinet picks!
Liberals like you give a bad name to Democrats by demonizing successful Americans! Success is not a crime! Its the American Dream
@ddayen Just like you deny supporting mass surveillance, extrajudicial assassination, and ongoing war crimes in Gaza and Yemen?

Just like the Dem Party elected deny that Obamacare is in ruins. #ACA
Pocahontas why do you lie.  You should be thinking about what needs to be done with the Iranians.  Dems put deal together.  Fix.
I love you
and you would deny being the captain
dont "pull a Warren" and vote yes on this guy like you did Ben Carson
He'd say he feels "terrible" about it....But whaddya gonna do??
you are strong and honest. I have faith you are a woman of you word

guess what? it was bad rivets that sunk the boat come on get the facts
Sen Warren. Please, none of the noms are worthwhile. Please block them ALL. Sessions worst of the lot. Coup about to take place in USA
The lying must stop. The Muslim ban must stop.  Our democracy is under siege. This must stop. Stop all cabinet picks.
Captain Mnuchin would ask, "What iceberg?" and immediately move to foreclose on said iceberg and seize it.
. @SenWarren I love you, Senator.
Bigly for sure!
or he would blame someone else
you're beyond phenomenal THANK YOU FOR THE VOICE!!!
I love you Elizabeth Warren!
tell us more about your loan?
And push the women and children overboard to get a seat in the lifeboat!
AND push women and children out of the way as he got on the lifeboat!!
the ship hit the iceberg, I was just driving the ship!
Not only that, but he would make sure that the Captain and all of his crew had first dibs on all of the lifeboats. What a dolt!
do u even know the date the titanic sank lol? Shaddup
sounds like your run of the mill democrat
Geez. Pot calling the kettle black there senator.
He'd break up the ice in little pieces & charge people an extraordinary $$ to put it in their last drink.
Good one !
And he'd have a crew to back him up, i.e. Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway, etc.  It's a very long list!
I guess that makes you Custer at Wounded Knee
Read your history on Housing Bubble. It was the Feds. that forced banks to grant risky mortgages(CRA)! Don't blame the messenger!
It was an alternate iceberg.
and you know that DT would have said it was the biggest iceberg that anyone has ever encountered. Tremendous iceberg, very nice.
He'd deny the iceberg.
Sounds very Russian, wasn't it TASS always saying 'did not happen' ? No matter what they had just done, or is that Fox News?
Democrats cut a hole in it, it's a known fact...  iceberg, what iceberg ?
Cheers,
Steve.
Trump would deny hitting the iceberg, too.
perhaps like you deny getting the 1.3 million dollar line of credit
- oh, wow, good one. But come on!  Surely this is not the limit of your ability to #Dramatize
Like Trump being controlled by Bannon. government is in trouble Senators better start protecting the people,  jobs depend on it
You are the icberg
He'd be first in the lifeboat, though, tossing children aside.
SAVAGE hhaahhaaha
And you would swear that your parents were on board before you were born
He'd probably blame it on Somali pirates or Arab on flying carpets.
If Senators tweet comparisons to the Titanic during hearings then we're all going down with the ship. @POTUS
Dems can't afford to loose more seats but I think your going to prove them wrong. You will loose yours.
Maybe you should pay attention to your constituents Liz----your favorable ratings are plummeting. 48% disapprove to 42% approval-----
Vote on how you think trump is doing so far.
https://www.facebook.com/KXLY4News/videos/1343064912382445/ …

Click on the photo and then use their emoticons.
Huge Liar. We'll, where else would he work? trump's cabinet is perfect.
he would sell ice from the lifeboat
If will be impossible for anyone to work with Trump & admin when their alternative facts vastly differ from legitimate facts.
Have I mentioned how much I love @SenWarren
If Steve Mnuchin were the Captain of the Titanic, he’d deny ever hitting the iceberg.
same as Trump
And if Ben Carson were the Captain of the Titanic, we would all go to our watery graves knowing you gave him the job.
nice analogy....deep...real deep 
Keep up the good work and fight, Congresswoman Warren.
Senator Warren, she'll be entertaining you all night...
as Will every nominee Bannon has picked. Desperate times, don't waste energy, take action where it can actually make a difference
#Mnuchin WAS A Captain Of The Mortgage BANKING SCAMMING Sept 2008 ECONOMIC Titanic!!!
, @BarackObama hit the iceberg first.
