Go away you globist fool Islam means to destroy this country if the liberals like you don't do it first
@NancyPelosi
@NancyPelosi
It is good to ban illegal Muslims. #MyBordersMyChoice
@NancyPelosi @HillaryClinton  I'm going pick all month #Resistance
not illegal, if anything the court action is.
LOL shutup Pocahontas.
@whostheidiotnow @SenWarren  she's a better American than you sissi you get out of mrs warrens country ya ingrate may u be forgot
you need to take off those ugly glasses and open your eyes to the reality of having more strict immigration!
Warren lady I really do not respect you enough to call you senator you really haven't earned it!
run for the presidency in 2020 plz

If Obama wrote this executive order it would have never been questioned. U r a hypocrite
Turns out the same ban in 2014 was to prevent Christians from fleeing ISIS
You supported that one
Murderess
I'm islamophobic and PROUD! Their true nature can be seen all over Europe. Only idiots refuse to see that truth
U don't want originalists on the Supreme Court. Because they will give US people back our country! Remember NOV? More of U will B voted out!
@repro_justice @realDonaldTrump LOL..uneducated feminists stand w/slave master dems siding w/islam the WORST OFFENDER OF WOMEN
we need a Warren ban followed by a democrat ban.
Thousands of Muslims would still be coming her every single day. So, please provide facts lady.
First, you can stop mischaracterizing it as a Muslim ban. Most predominantly Muslim countries are not affected. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
No, you Warren & ur Lib Party are recruiting tool. Want US 2 become like Europe where ppl no longer safe
Not for long.
quick fav; could you please point out where it says muslin in the order?
You mean the obama appointed judge that met with obama days before his ruling?!
They only blocked it because they were appointed by Obama~they are NOT upholding their oath @realDonaldTrump
:So it was legal when Obama did the exact same thing only more so? What new "law" was passed in the interim?
Yeah,and the 9th circuit has an 85% reversal record.so obviously they are wrong 85% of the time.so is this judge
Shameful to celebrate that this country is vulnerable. Your hatred clouds your judgement.
That was Barry visiting a law school buddy he appointed to be a judge in Hawaii. Sit back and watch. We will win
The judge blocked it because he could..not because he's right..and there are no penalties for being wrong
We can restrict immigration under any circumstances. There is no right to immigrate.
No, "the courts" did no such thing. A couple judges apparently ignorant of the law did.
Courts upheld the law. @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump did it 2 himself. He should have kept his mouth shut. Blame 45 4 failed ban
Turns out, youre a headcase. Feed your cats and keep quiet.
call Alan Dershowitz & get his opinion you fake
we will secure our borders!!!! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!! #Travelban #BuildtheWall
Turns out a racial fraud such as Warren is still a RACIST and a FRAUD....KEEP ON BARKING POCAHONTAS
Never thought I'd see the day where "America First" is seen as a negative thing...You'e a real piece of work, Warren.
perhaps you should consider shooting yourself!
Warren, 2018 is not going to be your year, everyone knows your a phony & have done nothing to help real America
how many illegals are you allowing to live in your home?
IF IT WAS THEN A LOT MORE WOULD BE ON.. LEFT ARE EDUCATED BUT MISSED "READING COMPREHENSION" AT 8TH GR. LEVEL?
obama did the same thing but you seem more concerned that it is coming from @POTUS! Ur not looking out for our safety just yours!


No it's ban on Islamic terrorists that public stated  goal & actions  is to kill non Muslims destroy   USA
pocahontas lies once again, gosh donny I'm not tired of winning, never will be when she's the enemy @FoxNews
Somebody crapped in her teepee and she ate it up.
ignorant fool. It is not a ban on Muslims. Islam is evil. Hamas son tells all.
shut it Pocahontas
Love you President Trump! Thank you for sacrificing to help Save America from Lunatic Leftist like #Warren
So tell me when Obama Administration made that list you were ok with it then right ? let's talk judge? Went to school w/Obama & appointed 
Security of the American Taxpayers means nothing to you! #rotinhe!!
Dear Fauxcahontas: What was the recruiting tool prior to 9-11? Global warming?
Turns out a fake Indiana is a fake Indian.
You need to be removed from office
No Sharia law. Men commit crimes & avoid punishment claiming act part of their religion.
Great, time to ban all immigration/refugees from everywhere. Lets see you fight that one.
if Muslims are that easily recruited/turned then they don't need to come here at all!  We need a real Muslim ban
not sure which one is crazier, Warren or Pelosi?
Elizabeth is a nut case
Not illegal - Obama's buddy overreached severely
Do u lock your front door at home? Do u lock your car? Do u have a security system? Can't POTUS protect us ?
You seem like such an unhappy person!  So much rage and rudeness. You're putting us all at peril.  Support POTUS
Dear Liz, your enablement of Isis and the pathetic attempt to blame Trump is sickening.DNC body count appalling
and being white but claiming your of Native American heritage (but your really NOT) still makes you WHITE!!
a vetting plan around make sure they are safe as you do opposing everything the POTUS does.
Can a federal judge block this please.
you are a traitor who puts your political agenda before your alliance to USA!
you're off reservation again
Well turns out Saudi Arabia agrees w/@Potus @realDonaldTrump's Travel Ban from Countries that CANNOT vet applicants properly-so 
How can you live with yourself? Your hate for our country is disgusting and you represent the worst of America; those that voted for you.
The "No religious test" applies ONLY to holding federal office & employment. Religious tests of immigrants are NOT unconstitutional.Wise up
How many Young Muslim men, "Refugees" live in YOUR home with you?
It IS Constitutional to ban potentially dangerous people from entering the US. Read the Constitution!!!
Not POTUS'S fault terrorists happen to be muslim.
She will be replaced for these treasonous actions.
Please cite for all of us the clause or section of the constitution that prevents immigration discrimination.
warren wants this for USA women shame on you
Not. Muslim ban..49 Muslim countries, this bans 6...the same ban & same countries Obama chose, dummy.  Fraud!
It is not illegal.  We have leftist judges who care more about being politically correct than follow the law.
If there is one security issue as a result, we are coming after all progressives.
We have fake Indians applauding fake judges.
could warren be anymore aagainst saving america and americans??? shes evil
is as dangerous As ISIS
Just remember Liz, they go after the weakest first. You might be at front of the line.
per Obama's buddy #ShadowGovernment
@SenWarren are you really this ignorant?
huh, wonder what's going on here....
Since when do Legal Presidential powers become illegal? 9th District court judges are hacks! Quote the law Liz!
why don't you head to the Middle East and give them all a big old Native American hug? Oh wait. .....
Nobody gets rich in politics without being a crook -- Harry S Truman
"Nobody in politics gets rich without being a crook." -- Harry S Truman
I think you are mistaking the 9th circuit court for a real court, the Supreme Court will end this nonsense!
Glosting is childish behavior. Makes you look petty and small. PRIDE COMES BEFORE THE FALL.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump here is a term you are apparently to stupid to know: black letter law.  Look it up.
Turns out the judge had dinner with Barack....seems a bit dicey in the ethics area. oh but you don't have ethics
turns out she cant read either, nothing says muslim, y keep fighting for rights of all but Americans
you are a lier and do not stand for American values
Why don't you adopt a refugee or an illegal since you don't like America kids nor the America people security ?
that was for Warren
It only effects an extremely small number of muslims, so NOT a Muslim ban. We may need to have a common sense test before electing officials
Instead of casting stones, why don't you & your cronies bring a bill to the floor that protects Americans?
It ISN'T illegal, and it ISN'T a ban.  Further proof that a college education doesn't make one intelligent.  @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
You're crazy.Not only did you defraud your way into law school you didn't learn anything! Establishment clause?!
your POTUS created ISIS & this problem.
Supreme Court will overturn 8-0.Even 4 Liberal Justices cannot rule against ConstitutionalRight of POTUS
Do Indians wear Hijabs?  Congrats Senator:  the only woman in Politics hated more than Hillary
It isn't illegal except 2 a few rogue judges who will quickly be overturned by SCOTUS. Do you enjoy being wrong?
Pocahontas it won't work, he's the Prez soon to be revered and judged fired!!!
Why are u spreading mass hysteria? It's a travel pause that every President has done! How irresponsible of a sittting senator!
"Nobody in politics gets rich unless they're a crook." -- Harry S Truman
I think it's time to open investigations into where our Fake Indian, here, gets her wealth, Mr President.
#pocahontas should stick to banking.
You mean a Obama lap dog blocked it..#MAGA #TrumpPence2016
your liberal laced courts with democrat agendas will reflect its self in future elections #draintheswamp
You are a prime example of why we need term limits. @POTUS #AmericaFirst #DrainTheDeepState #travelban #tcot
At least @POTUS is putting #AmericaFirst unlike liberal senators who care about nothing but $$$
caling EO a muslim ban inspires jihadis. Talk about a tool!

FBI investigates a DNC geek & a FAKE server made to look like #TRUMP was communicating with a Russian bank! Watch: https://youtu.be/gmXr4jHSfs4  
How is it a ban on Muslims when all Muslims aren't banned? That's not how bans work
@ChosenLawyers @realDonaldTrump AND YOUR LAST TERM IN OFFICE FOR SURE! BYE BYE SWAMPTHING!
these judges are like Hollywood, u want to bring them in on our dollar while u all hide behind ur gated mansions
"Senator" can you please explain why the #Democrats eagerly embrace #Islam? Oh, that's right...you both hate #Christians.
it doesn't say muslim anywhere in the order. If it was a Muslim ban then why were the largest countries omitted?
this streamlined one will win on appeal. The judge of the first already declined to block 2nd. It will prevail!
Fun game!

Turns out, @SenWarren isn't the Champion of the People she was portrayed as!

She is your garden variety partisan!
turns out that if you intend to harm America you should be tried for treason! #Warrenforprison #hillaryscellmate
I can't believe anyone so ignorant of the Constitution is an elected official
Not a single word from anti American Warren when Obama did the same. Total Fraud
No more a Muslim ban than you are Indian...
how much is Pocahontas getting paid by special interests to ruin OUR country?
u advocating 4 Sharia law?Removing female Clitoris,beat women,take her kids in divorce, ok 2 kill 4 adultry, gay
that red dress in your picture is a recruiting tool western culture is a recruiting tool are you that dumb?
aww Pocahontas why did you support Obama's Muslim ban?
you are clueless Pocahontas, clueless
Elizabeth Warren are you seriously that out of touch? You make the Libs look even worse! RESIGN PLEASE!
re:"Poke"a hontas;
Warren enjoying her 15 min of infamy. If she's a mother, Karma & Sharia will get her family
Not illegal, actually 100% constitutional @SenWarren, I would of thought a senator would know that. @POTUS will win this one too. #MAGA
They blocked it bc Obama went to visit his old  friend the judge from Hawaii who stopped the ban,
And idiot liberals that support the INVASION of the USA by people who hate us are by any other name TRAITORS.  @realDonaldTrump
What's "illegal" about the ban? The statute clearly says the president can ban any class of aliens he chooses.
