
Dear warren aren't you the one who lied about your heritage to get a free ride from the government? I think maybe you should be investigated
I agree. Squaws never become chiefs. hehe
No matter who @SenWarren lies about, threatens or intimidates it’s the job of LEO's & Congress to get to the TRUTH of this.  #VoteWisely2018
Your political ship is sinking. Put on a life vest full of rocks and hold tight.
While you're trying to figure out if you're Indian or not, can you get your party together and try working with reps/President? Thanks!
BUT Criminal Attorney Generals like HOODLUM Holder,
and Needs Lynched Lynch...
You do NOT have a problem with...!
...right...?
E - How have you been able to AMASSED a fortune of $14 Mill
on a Salary of $174 K per year?
IS G Soros / Globalist paying YOU to BETRAY US?
One thing is certan... living in DC on 174k it would be impossible to LEGALLY amass a 14 Million net worth.  Crook
Especially since she has only been in the senate since 2013.
And LEO's should be investigating you!
Lol!
Thank you, Ms.ElizabethWarren, for the humungus help, upon our head executive govermental responsability's, while I appear "off limits" !
Elizabeth Warren I am the Law Enforcement(aka)Commissioner of every State within the Commonwealth. Amending strict laws, bottom line !
And no matter how much you twist the truth to fit your liberal agenda and tactics to sabotage our democracy we will stand against you!
How does it feel to be in the party of political terrorists, Fake Indian girl.
You mean like getting to the bottom of who murdered DNC Dir Voter Expansion? #SethRich
#LorettaLynch will go down eventually and your corruption carpet bagging will too
Spare me nothing tell me everything. don't silence the lamb @SenWarren @BernieSanders @JohnKurry @SenHarryReid.
It's all a scam and FAKE NEWS to try and remove our Potus....
One crazy lady
Well let's do it Pocahontas
Fake senator
Listen here Pocahontas, why don't you go back to your Teepee and let the adults fix this country. you might need these
Yes  and Loretta lynch is next 
AG Sessions needs to resign. He is unfit to serve!
The people are tired of your hubris attitude while enforcing draconian views upon the common man . Karma coming.
first Clinton, Lynch etc. then the rest of YOUR party.
You drive our @POTUS out of the @WhiteHouse, remember what comes around goes around!
Wut a nut job!
/\
No matter who #HRC or DeepState threatens, pays off, or has murdered, it's the job of #LawEnforcement & #Gov. to get to the bottom of it.
Your white privilege is showing again! You should be expelled from Senate for dereliction of duty! #VoteHerOut #Liar
The problem is  every stone you turn over in your wild goose chase keeps finding crimes within your own party, can't run from your own stink
OB, LYNCH, COMEY, & REST OF LIBERALS HAVE DESTROYED OUR JUSTICE SYSTEM. INVESTIGATE HILLARY, COMEY, LYNCH, DNC, PODESTA, SETH RICH!!!!!
I would sum it up with "Crooked FBI Director! And he can fire whoever he wants.
So glad i switched to Republican and got far away from you freaks in the Dem party. Ya'll make me sick to my stomach. Nasty pukes.
Bottom of what crime Liz?? All you freaks keep saying that, the bottom of this. Bottom of what? Whats the crime, whats the evidence/proof?
17 law enforcement agencies, spying, phone taps, Senate and House committee investigations- zero evidence. BOTTOM OF WHAT CRIME? FAKE NEWS!!
Can't wait till he fires Mueller total scam and to close to crooked Comey
You do realize that you will never be President, right?
Please fight for us, he needs to go
Why waste time, impeach him Now!!!
Lieawatha, i find you as aggravating as fingernails on a chaulk board, students that studied under you should have their diplomas revoked
How bout we investigate you for lying about your Native American ancestry to further your career
The mad Left have been grovelling around in the "bottom of this" for months, with Ryan, McCain & Comey's help. Do something different !
LOL, that is painting the kettle a differnt color...LOL
Like it was law enforcement's job to investigate the murder of Miss Kopechne ?

Lying about your status to get funding is.   Fraud ..   a felony ?   Keep running your mouth
Get to the bottom of what?! Why don't you focus on Congressional legislative matters and quit with your witch hunt & slander against Trump?
You are such a corrupt woman-you have heard the hearings and case closed!-the bottom of this #DNC fabricated all these lies now face music!
Like falsifying grants & job apps to qualify for a "I feel like an Indian" opportunity.  Chief lying Squaw!
Blah, blah, blah
You mean the Democrats right Pocohontas? Democrats are the ones Obstructing Justice & have hurt our country and the American people.
Please keep up the investigation. So much at stake!
maybe he should just have a private meeting on the tarmac of some airport



Ok #Pocahontas 
#SethRichCoverUp
YES including @DNC relationship /hacking by #Russia.  It's not just Republicans.  If we want to stop Russia truly ALL must be investigated.
Then on to investigate u
#youneedstrongsmartwomenonyourside
I guess bullying is the only way Trump knows how to do anything.
He's the master of puppets. Thank you for being you @SenWarren
We also cannot allow an investigation to be led by political hacks like Comey w history of Clinton cover-ups and burying evidence
there is a song about you from Hall and Oates....Out of touch out of time !!
Elizabeth - this entire charade resides within your own party. Get on the right side of history before it is too late.
I wish you would do something more creative.. Like your job!!
Straight to bottom
#ComeyIsALeaker 
there is no such thing as Trump Russia collusion
DNC colluded with Deep State used MSM as propaganda
YW
Get to the bottom of what exactly what you crazy old bat?
Senator Warren there is no there there.
Serious question Elizabeth, if you all knew Trump wasn't under investigation for weeks & gang of 8 for months, why did you keep hoax going?
It seems your party is responsible for this "McCarty" mass hysteria, Nazi style!
OMG, SHE'S ON THE WARPATH. Give up the fake news, it's getting old. U ane the democraps stop being obstructionists. U speak w/ fork tongue.
The level of stupidity from you and your sycophants is truly astounding...

Get to the bottom of what?  And please don't say Russian Collusion and obst of justice. Those are really played out, Liz
So you support those who obstruct justice, murder, fraud, threaten, e.g., Bill & Hillary, Lynch, etc?
Wish he could fire you!!!
Dear Senator Warren, you disgust We The People.
To the bottom of absolutely nothing! How about the bottom of collusion between Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch & Hillary, or Clinton Foundation
Why don't u start w taking the DNA test requested of you Lizzy?
Well it would be nice if the Democratic Party did something.....hell it would be nice if YOU did anything!
you're the goofiest woman in politics
Why don't you stop with the propaganda he did not threaten no one or intimidate anyone he did fire that Democrat Clinton agent colony
Let's get to the bottom of Lying Indian;s DNA
I was referring to Chief Wannabe Warren.. She ain't no Injun.. I AM
Senator Warren; it's time for the lifetime Senators & all Congressional members that have been in D C for many many years to retire enough..
How's getting to the bottom of the Lynch Comey "matter" going..did you ever get to the bottom of the Hillary "matter" just curious.
And let's take a good long look at you, your family and how you earned your wealth. FAUXCOHONTAS
The President presides over Law Enforcement. Are you really that ignorant of how this gov runs or are you banking on ppl's ignorance?
I hope Sessios and the DOJ looks into where YOUR personal wealth has come from.
Damn right Pocahontas!  Comey opened Pandora's Box to your buddies Loretta Lynch & Bill Clinton's "collusion" on the tarmac so let's get em!
Without bias...  Remember those two words, @SenWarren!
...the person who's spot you took away in college with your lie. Their dreams dashed by your lieing self.
First let's get to the bottom of your lies about being "Native American" on your college application Did you ever apologize to...
The only thing Congress ever gotten to the bottom of is our tax dollars. Congress always in your pocket.
And you are some kind of a wacko go take your meds and find your safe space we are winning again winning again winning again
And when they do Comey, Lynch, Killary etc probably find themselves BEHIND BARS!! In the meantime NO COLLUSION! Americans sick of this crap
Go Senator Warren. Find the truth about Trump, Putin, President Bannon,  and all the rest of those who brought shame on America.
You are the Real Threat and the Ilks like you! Please Resign Pocahontas
Right, paleface speak with forked tongue.  Pocahontas, stop the insanity that is you
No matter who the people in office think they are! DJT is going to expose them & its the job of WeThePeople to vote them out!DC is crooked!
Is this truly what you want? You may not like the results when all the Dem corruption is uncovered. #LynchClinton#Comeyleaks
Sure is and not you ....indian chief!
Your lies have been exposed, your power is diminishing with every unfounded moronic tweet. When the bottom is found-Dems will be imprisoned
They should start by firing you with your lies about being native. What a joke
Like you did for Benghazi, Fast and Furious, Clinton/ Lynch Tarmac meeting? The People are fed up with YOUR justice system.
Yeah, they did such a bang up job with the Clinton email server.   What is you position on Bleachbit and hammers? "No Intent?" 
Liz how does the bottom of the swamp look ? I  u r swimming around in the grungy "bottom" w/ bottom feeders.
No matter what you say you throw out baseless statements with no facts or logic! It is the job of the people to elect officials they trust
Elizabeth Warren is crazy as a bat
I agree! Hillary for Prison 2017! #Fauxchohontas
Please clarify what is "this" are you talking about DNC bleachbit, DNC computers not in evidence, Comey leaks, Lynch interference
Do you realize what a buffoon you sound like. NO ONE in that HEARING had even READ that "memo to self" but had a hearing on it? I.D.I.O.T.S
Like Comey lying under oath? Yeah, get to investigating him, Lynch, Hillary!
As Comey testified Trump "hoped", Trump encouraged investigation both campaign & Russia, Lynch "ordered" "inaccurate" political wording.
- We in Massachusetts our proud of our FAKE INDIAN "senator". 

Thank God for our GREAT President.
Yes & prosecute Lynch 4 obstruction of justice, Hillary 4 mishandling classified info, Comey 4 perjury & failure report Lynch's pressure.
Thought you said Trump colluded with Russia!?  Yes, I'm sure you said that!
For once I agree with you-Obama, his administration, Hillary and her clown car will finally be held accountable!
You mean like the Obama Admin "got to the bottom of" #FastAndFurious #IRSTargeting #Benghazi?
You're completely nuts lady. Please retire and bake cookies for your grandkids instead. Let us do the real work. You kids messed up enough.
Thanks to the 3 branches of government and to checks and balances
To much of a hypocrite to be believed
But no one has been able to define what the meaning of "this" is.
Yep the Russians interfered Obama was president said no big deal. We better check everyone who had convos with Russian Amb. Bet You did!
Why you don't just admit you have a crush on President Trump you know that's the truth
If she had a crush me. I would have to puke in s bucket an send it her
Comey did a wonderful job,showing where lies are coming. Who did Donald Trump threaten. More fake news
After the lawlessness & the unconscionable behavior of Democrats, their Party should be banished forever...it is flagrantly anti-American.
Liz:Apparently you did not watch Comey testfy. If you did, you should be concerned about Loretta Lynch obstructing justice
Comey proved in his testimony Thursday that president was 100% right to fire him.
You have to say & mean that consistently.Not just when it's convenient for your politics.So, no dramatics when Hillary & Lynch r locked up.
Get to the bottom of the swamp quickly please.  DJT just pulled the plug on you!  better start swimming harder against the current.
Wth r u talking about? All presidents have fired & asked for resignations. Who has been intimidated &/or threatened? Country b4 party!!
Whatever Goofy
Says the woman who faked her ethnicity to advance in academia. We need an investigation into that scam.
Why is it the Dems sound so ignorant when they rant about their fake news crap?! If u hate the USA, get the "F" out of here
Senility is a b*tch!
So @SenWarren are  you going to call for an investigation into who in the Obama admin illegally spied on Americans, I'll wait,
Senator Warren, shouldn't you be investigating the person who stole 60k gov docs (even Top Secret), destroyed 30k, & sold Uranium to Russia?
You sure that's not THE CLINTON'S threatening,intimidating or killing ppl? Think you are confused Elizabeth!
While they're at it can they pull up your ancestry profile? #fauxcahontas
Can't wait until they get to the bottom of your ethnicity as well.
Comey testimony was proof that trump is a liar and a thief.  Start Tha process to get rid of him....
At all course . For the sake of our wonderful Nation
By "this," I assume you mean #FastAndFurious, #Benghazi, #LoisLerner, etc... You're still working that backlog from the Obama admin, right?
And it's your job to legislate laws and bills, GET TO IT. Do I need to send smoke signals
Congress is totally useless! Remember Holders contempt of congress?
How about focusing on fixing healthcare and enacting a budget. That is in your job description after all.
Why haven't u & your ilk turned the DNC server over to the FBI? The one Hillary screamed Russia over if ur so concerned? u do not represent
America you represnt the DNC dictactorship & only seek to divide  America for your own profit. You need to go; you need to be impeached
We DULY elcted POTUS We The People & you havent stopped with ur propaganda since he was elected. Way to go against the process of electing
the President. you support a woman that committed Espionage. How can you explain that is right when you are supposed to be for the law.
We can't hope congress gets to anything when corrupt politicians like you are in office OPENLY OBSTRUCTING the POTUS from givingus back our
country from the likes of you & your pals SOROS Clinton. You act like you ppl are the majority. We know better. We know DHS hit voting
servers in states. We know u seek to have no voter ID to cast a ballot you say because it is not fair to poor. BS They have to have ID for
foodstamps. We are done with ur lot seeking to overturn our duly elected @POTUS . We all see you for what you truly are. Tick Tock Warren
Rep must stop being politically correct as Trump has espoused many times. Challenge him as they have Comey. They know Trump is a liar. Act!
Including the Clintons, Obama, Susan Rice, Huma Abedin, and Loretta Lynch.
Oh they will.  Incluidng Lynch, Power, Brennan, etc.  The real@crimes hallened from 2009-2016
Yes,and our president Trump will succeed at making our country great http://again.You  just upset that he beat you all out 
Look Pocahontas, you and Congress aren't doing jack. Y'all couldn't get to the bottom of a 3' deep swimming pool let alone Dem corruption.
you're my favorite Disney character.
Great! Loretta Lynch on her way to jail?
It is your obligation to find out what Loretta Lynch meant by saying to Comey call it "matter" in her attempt to cover-up for HRC.
The bottom of what? A conspiracy liar Hillary claims took place despite 0 evidence? Pffft
You need to look in the mirror madam, check yourself, you and the Democrat party are why Americans vote Republican! You libs sealed ur fate!
