HE WAS HIS BOSS HE COULD FIRE HIM WHENEVER HE WANTED
Yes, and now we're accusing him of O of J, like we can do whenever we want to!!
Where's obstruction of Justice?? I can't find it
Don't you want to know?
I already know
He said trump wasn't under investigation when trump asked him, but then later trump fired him over the Russia. It LOOKS like obstruction
Trump can fire him whenever and however he wants
Yes he can, and we can demand answers because WE THE PEOPLE  are the boss, don't u agree??
There were numerous reasons to fire Comey that had nothing to do with Russian investigation. Sessions had every right to be involved with it
That's not the way it works. If the Russian investigation was part of the issue, he had recused himself & shouldn't interfere in any way.
It wasn't part of it Cris. Comey just sucked at the job. Didn't you watch his testimony? I'd have fired him on the spot.
So the POTUS Was lying then? He said it was Russia. Come on Gail, to say he was fired because of Ms. Clinton isn't reasonable.
Oh For Gods sake. How POTUS felt about the Russian thing, is ONE aspect. Doesn't mean there weren't multiple reasons to fire Comey.
There could be 2000 reasons. If this was one of them, as it clearly was, he had to recuse himself. I'm baffled by how you don't see this.
And I will never understand why you continue to lump it all together. AG has every right to take issue with things other than Russia issue.
Imagine a judge on a trial: I will rule on THIS aspect of the case, and ignore the other. Impossible. First issue contaminates the other.
Based on his "testimony," he listens to no one, doesn't take notes, and can't remember a thing. Complete incompetence if it is true.
So where are you in life? What is your long list of accomplishments?
And you talk of his incompetence, yea, we hear ya
I teach science to grade school kids. My accomplishment is assuring that the up and coming generation has a successful future.
Please, Everybody Knows Teaching Is The Easiest Masters To Obtain, If You Can't Do, Teach! I Wouldn't Brag About That!
Uhhhh...wrong.
Many Promises were made to the American People by the Left.  We got NOTHING!  Stop your BS & Unite everyone.  p/s There is NO Investigation.
Who's the one that lied the bigger lie? You lied about your heritage.
He can still make a recommendation, you shouldn't have lied about being native american
and you have broken promises too, should you leave
The old man gets very nervous when you ask him questions to Quickly !!
And your a Senator?  He recused himself from the Russia probe?   Just keep up the degenerate work of lowering the sexual consent age.  
Sessions recommended comey be fired based off other issues besides Russia. So explain what one has to do with the other?
Where's your Tweet to Loretta Lynch about her illegal tangling with Comey and Clinton? HYPOCRITE!
FAKE NEWS. Recused from RUS...not from determining if Comey was right for the job of DIR-FBI  (he wasn't -- u said so urself)
You mean he made a "false" statement??  Is that like you claiming to be "Indian"??  Go Away Now!!  Resign, please, we are sick of your BS!!
Can't trust anyone one of them. They are all gansters.
Comey hasn't ever acted as Americas FBI head! He is a disgrace to his office like you!
BS. General Keane reported on 2/15/2016 that section heads under Comey reported FBI was demoralized by his dealings in Clinton Free Pass!
Comey's firing had nothing to do with Russia!! You need to resign because you are too ignorant to be a senator!!
Every ranking Democrat called for the firing of James Comey. Because Trump did it, now you have a problem?  This is exactly why Dems lost.
Obama broke that promise, " you can keep your doctor", you are a fake & phoney - anyone that voted for you should be embarrassed, #crooked
Hmm... racism, childish name-calling, and changing the subject to Clinton, in under 140 characters. It's a Twitter triple crown!
That is about the stupidest thing I've heard.
Honestly.  So important.
Go away. Please retire and take Hillary with you. She has serious head issues.
Go away
If you listened to him during his testimony,he said he only recused himself from anything to do with the campaign dealing with the  Russians
His little dance the other day spoke volumes about his lack of truthfulness
What is the legal basis for your decision? Oh wait! That's right! You haven't any basis, just a personal vendetta. Great public servant.
Again you did not have you thinking cap on. There was many reasons to get rid of Comey.

Comey needed to be FIRED LONG AGO. So stop wasting our money on this crap.
Isn't that just typical of him and Trump?
LOCK HIM UP...
Elizabeth Warren is such a liar. Shame to all you who eat her crap; you need to look deeper than the Warren propaganda
Loving it. So true
Liar. Tired of your lies. Didn't your mother raise you better than this?
Not that he did, but how many have you broken? How many lies have you spoken? How deceiful have you been? Here's the stone, cast it!
Mess
Comey firing had nothing to do with Russia. You guys co-mingle issues to confuse voters. Like legal and illegal immigration.

You R nasty.
Sessions' days are numbered. He's hip deep in #russiagate I suspect he will be the next Trump sacrificial lamb.
Even if firing was abt Clinton & not Russia, that was part of 2016 campaign. Recusal was fr anything to do w campaign, not Russia only!
They r making their own rules & laws & getting away with it.  Why? It is infuriating & frightening.
They make & change rules as situation calls for what they want to avoid. New kind of governing, called corrupt.
Wow!
all of you trump haters will understand the American people put him in office. When you go against the will of the people you will fail
He lied under oath also, because he can't recall the truth.
He lied in his confirmation hearings which is a crime, but R's let him off.  He should not have ever been AG.
That's true so does that nullify his reclusion? and he should be reminded that there is no legal reason to lie for any 1
But he fired Comey because he went public saying Hillary shouldn't b prosecuted Not to protect from Russia. They are all stuck on vengeance
You lie like a rug.
Republicans abhor morality, principals and ethics of any kind and therefore you have Trump in the White House.
Like a promise, that they can't keep, is like telling the truth, not going to happen
SESSIONS AND TRUMP ARE BALD-FACED LIARS. THATS ALL THERE IS TO IT
He also lied under oath with no consequences, so... #TrumpRussiaCollusion #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrumpPence
Does it surprise you? He also invoked executive privilege when there was no executive privilege. Republicans just do whatever they want.
Warren, truly the biggest idiot n the Senate! No link has been proven between firing Comey & the Russia invest. despite your best efforts.
He lied under oath and still received confirmation from the Senate. Not a real shock for him to be a Trump loyalist
You didn't listen to his response
Unfortunately I expected that!
Like your constant hateful tweeting resign you are partly responsible for what happened this morning shut up
If you would promise to stop reading between the lines, the American people would be grateful.
You want to destroy America and setup under UN dictatorship just like Obama who said America must give up sovereignty to the UN. Treason
Obama broke his promise too if you like your doctor you can keep them. So what. Get over the drama move on investigate why and how Russia
He recused himself from the investigation into Russian collusion of the campaign with Trump and his team.  That does not mean he is recused
From anything with the word Russia
Comey should have prosecuted Hillary and Loretta Lynch Ms. Warren
Firing Comey had NOTHING to do with the Russian investigation no matter what was said later or reported. Comey is a weasel.
After today you, chuck, nancy and bernie should resign. More blood on democrat hands!!
Lie
Pocahontas. He recommended that because of how he handled the Clinton.
He's broken half a dozen laws, repeatedly. The only way to restore his office to integrity is for him to step down, or be removed.
Agreed & thank you
They're all rotten to the core...starting with Trump!
Shutup
How about when you told Harvard that you were a native American ?
Amen Sister - keep preaching - we support you!!
As should you! You lied about your American Indian heritage for years to benefit  yourself. Your party just keep trying to be a wedge.
One in a long line of promises. He promised to put the constitution ahead of his politics & that's not happening! #weasel #complicit #UGH  
@SenWarren AG Sessions recused himself from issues regarding the campaign. Unlike you he is doing his job.  Ask yourself "who elected me"
Dems better win back the house and/ or senate than finally their will be a balance and integrity for all americans. Currently itdiscraceful
You and your big mouth did this the hate speech you have blood on your hands all of you Dems no respect for people who don't agree with you
He got around it by saying the reason was declination of Hillary's emails not Russia.  Do they really think we're that stupid?
And then suffers amnesia (and/or Refusal-To-Answer) for any question regarding Trump/Russia or his misdoings & dereliction of duty.
That's how they operate...they can't be trusted
only if you assume the firing had to do with the Russia investigation in which it clearly didn't.   You lack all sense of logic
This has become a recurring problem with this administration and his minions!
YOU AND YOUR HATEFUL TWEETS INSPIRED THIS MORNING VIOLENCE
YET ANOTHER HATEFUL LIE THAT INSPIRED THIS MORNING SHOOTING. YOUR LIES CREATE HATE WARREN U HAVE RESPONSIBILITIES HERE STOP SPREADING HATE
He beyond broke it he kicked & stepped on it! He needs to step down or be thrown down. Period! this hell trump has brought us is dangerous!
I pray that you get voted out of politics. You are a bad excuse for a politician!
its time for you to recuse yourself permanently from the Senate!  Asst atty Gen fired him & produced performance issues in memo!
.@SenWarren Not true, but do you care?  You broke your oath, as far as I can see.  You are lying to the public.
He broke many promises except to those who he serves he select few with power money and a white hue to their skin
Can u please go on every media station to say this?   Every one.  And then repeat and repeat and repeat.
Is it ever appropriate to refuse to answer questions because Exec Privilege MAY be used at some unspecified future time?
Do all women get this crazy after menopause?
That's crazy he have no respect to American people...
Could not get away from replays. He split hairs. What hairs he had left he split.
For the love of God Comey was doing a horrible job. It is  attorney generals obligation to ensure a competent person  be head of the FBI
Really Pocahontas ??? Sessions didnt fire him for that and you know it STOP your BS...

He did not break any laws or go against The rules of being an AG.  Maybe you should read the bylaws miss smart mouth. You need to go away.
If you listened to what he said, he recommended Comey b fired cause of Clinton. Not Russia. He Never knew the real reason. Did nothing wrong
Please chill....
you seem to like to stretch everything from your "heritage" to this. Why didn't you call for lynch to resign
I look forward to the day soon when he unrecuses himself.  Watching all your heads explode from this announcement will be funny
Session is up to those ears in Russian poop
Shut up.
He has no integrity. Stay on him.
Basically all he did was forward the DAGs letter to POTUS. Next.
You are too naive to be a Senator if you still are talking about a Fascist Dictator's promises.Pls retire
Acting with integrity is NOT a trait of the current administration
nope. He is his boss.  Wish he couldd fire you. Stop making up your own rules.
Tell me a promise that wasn't broken by them
http://employment.findlaw.com/hiring-process/lying-on-a-resume-or-job-application.html …
Trump was right, comey was a nut job.  Didnt do anything to a g lynch when she brow beat him from prosecuting hillary. An illegal leaker
you are too nice to a crook
too much air to call a crook a crook
Anyone with a selective memory needs to find a different job!
Liz Liz Liz...broken promises like let's say, "I promise I'm an Indian" or something different?
Clueless
What are the legal repercussions, if any?
Or is recusal sorta like that tag I ripped off the bottom of my sofa?
So what are you all going to do about it? #holdhimaccountable
Are you saying he shouldn't be doing his job duh
And blatantly biased partisan political hacks like you should be recused from being part of a supposedly unbiased congressional hearing.
My God stop your lies I'm serious if ANY Democrat wants to continue to flat out lie WE THE PEOPLE are coming after YOU
He needs to be removed asap! He cant function in that position due to his sudden memory lapses when russia & trump are concerned.
So did Loretta lynch. Never recused herself in the Clinton investigation. At this point who cares.
And.... As usual in this administration, not a damn thing will be done about it! SMH
And he actually expects up to believe he gave a crap about the handling of the God damn emails. Not a damn chance in hell. #HouseofLiars
Imagine that. A Republican breaking a promise.
Wrong again! He ONLY recused regarding Russia. He still is in charge and you know this
What think people didn't watch? S T O P  L Y I N G
So what can u do about it.
#TarmacGate was gross violation & true obstruction yet you still supported those toads. You're desperate to resist & can't think clearly.
The cabinet is full of broken promises, intentions and unfortunately the dreams of many Americans..
Sessions claimed Justice Regs required he recuse self from anything involving presidential campaign. His Ltr firing Comey involved campaign
NO - He had a responsibility to oversee ALL of Comey's activities - NOT just Russia.. and that included the BOTCHED email investigation!
Take his white robes away,
Comey brought his own sack wit d Clinton announcement against AG input. Trump & Session jus played a chess wit it. Dey are afraid
Then stop tweeting and file contempt of congress charges and perjury charges.
That's BS and you know it. Stop the constant criticism. Get back to important work on issues that will help create American jobs.
Yes - Sessions has no integrity. We need to dig deeper into his Russia amnesia, bc you can't fire him or charge him over broken promises.
That's right damnit!  Dig deeper! There has to be a Russian connection somewhere.  There's no way Hillary lost the election fair and square.
Oh, I thought he was forced.
That's all you got? A bunch of disingenuous contorted bullshit that adds up to nothing.
Recused from the investigation. The firing isn't the investigation.
Sessions just made a mockery out of the senate.  Will congress take this kind of a joke too???  United States Congress?
And he lied under oath.
Is anyone actually surprised? He pledged fealty to the king. He had no choice. Sold his soul. The mirror in the morning can be cruel.
More BS! Comey was fired for incompetance for several reasons...
#AG Sessions a liar unfit to serve.
Please fire him. Yes, 45 will replace him with another slimy snake, but give us a little justice. Why AG lied on stand and still has a job.
Comey admitted he leaked, BTW a crime!  It appears Sessions had very good instincts about Comey.  You should embrace an FBI leaker is gone.
He had every right to step into the Comey matter. It wasn't just about Russia and you know it. Yet you piss and moan about this continually.
Sessions is only one step up the ladder of bottom feeding from Newt Gingrich. We're talking slimy.
Face it Comey sucked, ruined the election, useless press briefs. AG lynch told him to pretend there is no investigation and he said nothing
Which side of your mouth are you talking out of now?
Liz, He's a Republican he can't help himself...
Really?  Was Comey only handling Russia?  Does the FBI only handle Russian affairs now?
