So don't legitimize him by voting for his bizarre, unqualified Cabinet picks.
I know because voting against them has worked so well.  Did I miss one being rejected yet?
u mean the wars bush and Obama started
Senator Warren..Check your own actions while you vote to confirm morons like Ben Carson! Are you kidding me? WTF
Joe very carefully try to understand this.  They literally cannot vote against every nominee
David, I want you to really try to understand this...
Yeah...Whatever...
you have 18 followers no brain you are a troll STFU
thank the US govt for creating the war as they killed 400,000 Syrians all to overthrow Assad!a sovereign nation
why are you voting for Ben Carson? Real question. 
THEY CANNOT REJECT EVERY NOMINEE   Would You Rather SHE SUPPORT SESSIONS.  GET A BRAIN
I understand some deals are to be made but if Sessions and DeVos r confirmed Democratic Party over.
has nothing to do with deals listen carefully the cannot reject every nominee and she has rare The the worst
There better be some deals with Repub senators to vote against Sessions. 
Do you really think he gives a shit Elizabeth? I think NOT!
How dramatic. Ben Carson is homophobic and you voted to approve him. Personnel is policy after all.
Hurt "working parents"?  Refugees rarely work.
AMERICA FIRST
And that is why you are fighting.  This man is a lunatic.
Why are we having these conversations about what/who Trump will hurt? He's hurting all Americans.
2 He must be removed from office as judiciously and expediently as possible!!
Saudi Arabia has room as you can see
& your decision to approve Carson will mean people will lose housing and those kids will be homeless. Do Better!
@Mercedesguera @realDonaldTrump Yeah -there are 1600M affected by war, violence and poverty in the world. Lets get all of them in
are you getting any of this? Elizabeth-war is upon us right inside our borders-whether you like it or not #LOTR
Only the criminals illegals need to fear, the good people will be spared and helped to work, wait and see.
then stop supporting his cabinet... wtf?
Actions will protect this country who's people did not responsible for the entire world and it's problems.
your words meaningless as long you continue to rubber stamp his cabinet. talk is cheap. stand up or move out of the way.

Predicted that Donald Trump would never be President, whats ur latest prediction 4 Trump? TY Liz, glad u were wrong!
Need to start a class action suit against the Liar-in-Chief for mental anguish. He's terrorizing us! Seriously!
Wow, you're almost prophetic about it. If these ppl were in harm they wouldn't be visiting or anywhere near ISIS
Our country also suffers war in our streets, violence and poverty. How about you take care of us, or step aside!
Stop tweeting what we already know. Show some backbone and stand up to the republicans.
What about the Billions Obama funded to the Middle east? You don't impress me as a person who cares, u r trouble
Why did you vote for Ben Carson?
This whole Administration is very strange, and scary at times.
D O  S O M E T H I N G !
WHEN THEY ARE VETTED (AND WE INSURE THEY ARE NOT ISIS SUPPORTERS) PROPERLY, THEY CAN IMMIGRATE. CARE?
I'm with you!
fleeing obama's war you mean. He and HRC created ISIS after all.
liz, he aint done nothing in chicago yet.
very disgusted that any Democrat would vote in favor of any of his Cabinet picks. All should have stood as united front.
@LindaCollins11 @realDonaldTrump and let's not forget National security.
Working? Funny that when they come here 90% are still on welfare 5 yrs after arriving & those are the nice ones.
what about the 26,000 bombs BHO dropped (in 2016) on those same parents and children?
Why did you vote for Carson? Tweet: "I didn't march for 10 hrs to have Warren vote for Carson." WTF you doing?
, maybe @realDonaldTrump should think of them as refugees not immigrants. Oh that's right, he doesn't have a heart.
Let them become citizens so they have a voice. That is why TRUMP was elected. Immigrants and freebies.
no it will not, those people can seek asylum like many have done time and time again, we have laws
Trump makes our country turn wrong direction. I am afraid he will starts 3rd world War now.
We don't fix their countries by bringing their ppl here and we don't have the resources to be a giant battered women's shelter.
then they should do something to become legal citizens! Stop wasting my tax dollars on non citizens!
then how about you do something! Fight for fucksake. Somebody talk about the flurry of exec orders!!!!!! Wtf
based on your Twitter account claiming your from India you have no right to criticize at @SenWarren.
Please Save Us
determined deplorable trump will show that any insane stupid person can hold a pen
....we need to help the homeless from this country before we open our arms to other countries refugees
Tough words, but you voted to forward the nomination of someone who called for closing the borders to Syrian refugees.
how's Ben Carson working out for you Elizabeth?
Thanks for that...
He just doesn't care. POTUS is just a status symbol for him and a way for him to get his way.
@PevelerDeb @realDonaldTrump Reported by the woman who berated Native Americans by claiming to be one
how is confirming Ben Carson going to make us safer?
Instead of fleeing, rise up and take control. Why do they need to b our issue?
shit we caused, yes   or at least abetted
except democrats voting for his cabinet gives his ego a boost. Please get this.
How about a bi-partisan appropriations bill to pay for a face lift for the Senate Leader?
Gee we have all this in this country, but you don't see them leaving to go to any other county
Fake News Fauxcahontas - you are outta here in 2018, we know what's in your wallet
you need documentation to claim status. Take your millions spread the wealth. Need Dems center.
, Is it ok if we let 500 immigrants from the Middle East and then 30 Americans are killed as a result. USA First
"working parents"--your demo group was downsizing our jobs and using contractors for less pay. CA colleagues.
And bringing it here to us.
Block him at every turn.
why do you lie
we are in real trouble I sure hope some of the republicans grow a pair
@NECN @BostonGlobe @masslivenews Really Mass why have you guys continued to vote this person into office.
The same war violence and poverty that Obama and Hillary created.
Why don't you take some at your home that would speak volumes @BostonGlobe @masslivenews Don't Reelect
it's reprehensible that you ignore the victims of crimes committed by illegal aliens. Don't you represent them?
you mean illegally?
All of that sorrow was caused by the Obama Administration
#Wordsmatter "The heart of America is broken" #ThanksDonald
Tell that to the refugee Dzkohar Tsarnaev who was used as a patsy. You need this people to blame as cover ups.
Why are you voting to confirm Ben Carson?
Let me make it easy and clear if you want to remain a Democratic Senator, if it comes out of a Republicans mouth do the opposite.
At least Carson will put a roof over their heads.
Yeah, right!
@rayrez12 @realDonaldTrump that hillary and obama caused..
Americans first! Stop trying to dictate to the rest of the world what freedom this and maybe Wars will stop!
@MazJobrani @realDonaldTrump his actions will protect the security of ur cntry.Once registered then deport #refugees I last 10yrs
And help ensure that those who want to come here and do harm have a tougher time doing so. 

# reservationlife
Someone please tell Trump the lions share of drugs aren't carted in on the backs of illegals running across the line.
Then maybe ask him how we should handle the Americans who support the drug traffickers by buying their drugs.
open ur home senwarren. U dems r irrelevant now. American people have finally awoaken  to democrat insanity. Bye
a feature, not a bug.
@blink_hem @realDonaldTrump when has there been a time when we had no undocumented workers?  They are as American as apple pie
@blink_hem @realDonaldTrump Trumps actions are going to hurt all of us. Undocumented workers are his scapegoat. Free to hate. Sad
sad dark day, my apologies to humanity and especially the innocent children dying with Trump's blood.
why are you voting for Carson? The REAL reason. You were supposed to stand strong. The GOP can confirm him w/t you.
They should come here legally!
Stop voting for his cabinet picks!! Stand up to this man and protect our country!
as if... Stop lying to your gullible constituents, they believe you because they are not sharp enough to look elsewhere.
please do not confirm any of his selected nominees. We need to block him, on everything He is a very dangerous man #ImpeachTrump
two words BEN CARSON. YOU sold us out senator! Just another political sap like all the others
you have to stop confirming his cab picks
why can't we have legal immigration? Why does it have to be illegal?
@CherylIsaacson Please vote against his appointments, Sen. Warren. PLEASE.
we must stop this lunatic. #ImpeachTrump
protect them in there own country. We don't need to give them our money 4 the rest of their lives.
Why are falling in the Trumps line? Giving him everything he wants. I don't understand
@tiny_mind @realDonaldTrump and I'll vote to approve him doing it then whine about it!
you know that all of us know this. Question is are you and other Dem. Senators prepared to do something other than tweet?
then why are you voting for his cabinet picks? I'm really disappointed! I expected more!
@what2hell @realDonaldTrump And the working parents and children who joined our armed forces
HOW ABOUT US ? The American
You may be onto something. Americans and our Country come first. Legal immigration only. No more radicals!
U made 3 statements with no exp That is  problem with Dem. Show what they think r problems with no solution.Slow down 1 sol Pls
you hypocrite,you voted for Carson to destroy HUD,your sympathy is with immigrants? what about the US poor who will be homeless?
how much are you worth?
where are the so-called religious leaders, especially Catholic Bishops. They have no voice, pedophile sins!
is doing everything exactly opposite of what should be done... on EVERYTHING! Please,Help us!!!
We get it Senator but what are you and the other Dems going to do about it ?
WRONG! We give asylum to such people. At some point you need to decide if we are a sovereign country or not!!!
- Only men comming here! To 'hurt/bomb/rape working mothers and their children.
Idiot!!
Very disappointed to hear of your support for Ben Carson - what do you expect the Dems will gain by that?
they'll just bring their ideaology's and other diseases here. Only an idiot would want that here.
Go Elizabeth...From a Canadian that loves America and all welcome here..Trump should like that as only worth 1$
Youre singing to an empty room. Trump DOES NOT CARE. Its called "Privilege"...
Y don't u take them in and pay 4 them since you have made a fortune off of our tax dollars!  #goaway #crazylady
MN is a #sanctuarycities we stand with OUR mayors. To protect OUR people. #resist #lyingtrump
HOW CAN HE BE SO HORRIBLE.  His spreading of  Fear of other people, becomes BIGOTRY in othes.
Resistance against toddler trump tantamount to help middle class. I'll help you Elizabeth. What can I do 2 help?
They can stay over there. The govt shld NOT be paying subsidies 2 companies that hire refugees. Hire Americans!
what kind of medication are drugs are you on I think you need to have it checked
Yes! I met some of these people in Hungary in 2015. My heart breaks for them now, and for our country.
thats a lie. Where is your proof? Stop attacking . He has done more in 3 days then most presidents do in a term
you need to act!
America in a hopeless situation. Never gonna recover from this demented madman
.
he doesn't care, Senatorl. How do we have him deemed mentally incompetent to serve?
Again Pocahontas out of touch. Most are coming for a free meal.
then don't commit a felony and sneak into a country?
True! After Trumps carnage we will for reals have to Make America Great Again.
So, if the ENTIRE POPULATIONS OF CHINA & INDIA decide to come here, to HELL with the US Citizens? No sense...

why are you supporting his nominees. This is resistance? Fight with more than rhetoric
I support everything you said about Donald Trump he is a bully he talk down to women I cannot stand that
But does the @POTUS even care? I don't feel like he does


you are so right these people came here because they are looking for safe place and give their kids good life
we will be fleeing violence and poverty also if dictator Trump has his way. Stop his nominees, resist & impeach!
thought you were gonna stand up for the weak then you vote Ben I'm half asleep Carson #GreatJob
This BS he's doing is NOT what America was built on!
what dont u understand criminal illegal alians not those law abiding her for a better life. Campaign promise
working parents, really? Do these refugees have corporate sponsors and h1b visas or something? They're coming here for welfare!
But its OK for Obama to send $221,000,000 to Palestine right LIZ
Pocahontas,he is talking illegal immigration &risk assessment for refugees , when will you stop distorting facts
cut funds, hurt the most vulnerable but plenty of money for investigating non-existent voter fraud doesn't #MAGA
stop voting for his nominees then! Ben Carson said himself he is not qualified to run a federal agency!
We know all of this what do you plan to stop it
Then block it. Block all of it. Be obstructionist. Stop pretending they will reciprocate your compromises, because they don't play that way.
.@SenWarren .@realDonaldTrump Refugees don't want to come here they are FORCED to. Cubans fleeing DO want to come here but DEMS banned them
America first.
get over it - deal
Trump is Full of Hate and his hate is hurting the American people. When is he going to get Impeached
this is a sad day in American History. We will turn away refugees fleeing for their lives!!
So tell me, should all the refugees head to USA as many are only fleeing the insane results of US World policy?
He hears the DEMS bark but know you won't bite.
standing up to him requires YOU & the rest of Dems to NOT act on his behalf, like u did.
then they should have come the legal way and they'd be home free.
if it's done legally it won't hurt anyone . Stop ! You are being a rebel, we have laws to protect  the innocent
As will the certain to be broken promises of Carson. We need a champion. Be a champion please!
You'd forgot to mention the wars they're fleeing were started by Obama and the #Neoliberal oligarchs.
Stand in opposition to everything and when it all crumbles we will know it the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP
As it hurts our souls for refusing to helpm
We can't help the GOP destroy our Democracy
as will Ben Carson, for whom u voted. And Tillerson. Please stand up and fight.
I wish you would stay firm and reject all of Drumpfs nominations.... you were supposed to be our voice. You disappoint me. 
are they illegal?
Sadly, @POTUS truly doesn't care. Please continue to work to help your peers across the aisle to see this.
DO SOMETHING!!!!
Let's take care of our own people first!!!
oh please...what about natives HERE who deserve the scholarship you STOLE!?
Than don't vote yes on ANY of his appointments. Zero. Nada. None.
Should have came here for amnesty or another legal way . Too many come and twenty years later never bothered to become legal .
Sen Warren you are dishonest
@MaryMarybrogdon @realDonaldTrump You are all scared to death of Trump
So you create the problem by aiding unvetted rebels & leaving all sorts of equipment in Iraq and now want to ship these ppl across the world
Who says they want to resettle in the West? Obviously they want to get out of a war torn area but that's quite a move to the US
No to mention religious persecution.
---America first --children in this country go to bed hungry -Veterans homeless-
well we are going to have a hard time placing somewhere for them to live cause you for his hud secretary.
You mean the ones that took American jobs pay no income tax and get benefits like our schools for Free?
Yes those and they are showing up in all Western countries demanding the world look after them.
shhh I'm still mad at you seeing you don't care that an inexperienced person will head housing for the poor
why did u vote  for one of his cabinet appointees??? You should apologize to ur supporters and resign.
And your action okaying homophobe Ben Carson gives permission for continued abuse/bullying of LGBTQ kids. Shame on you.
this is bigger than @realDonaldTrump. He's the blowhard puppet being used to further the "unified republican (fascist)" govt.
