Wilbur Ross has shady ties to Russia, serious business conflicts, & a history of cheating people out of their homes.
For any and all these reasons, today I urged my colleagues to vote NO on Wilbur Ross for @CommerceGov.
When Repubs were the party of No, they were "obstructionists." Now that the Dems are the party of No, what are they?
Lost again. How does THAT feel ?
.@SenWarren-You're a patriot

RT if u agree!

Have u read my report on #TrumpRussia ties?  Here it is for u. #resist
.@SenWarren-we also did this 40 page analysis of the Trump dossier

Its very real.

#trumprussia #russiagate #resist
@funder @CommerceGov @YouTube That's Why Democrats are losing their base. I won't vote Bill Nelson again.
I suggest you did deeper on his tenure at the Bank of Cyprus, the one he just resigned from.
obstructionist
This is rather funny now that we know @BarackObama was wiretapping @POTUS.
u hate everyone don't you.
FOR ANY OR ALL..LOL..SO ANY REASON JUST SAY NO-SOUNDS CHILDISH TO ME?PLEASE STOP-THE SOUR GRAPES-DO YOUR JOB-KIDS!!
@WGinetta @CommerceGov @YouTube @FoxNews Go back 2 UR fakeTP fake heritage&fake liesswim with your Maggot friends in the swamp
@macmommamary @CommerceGov @YouTube isn't WR majority holder in Bank of Cyprus? Where Russian dump dark money?
@macmommamary @CommerceGov @YouTube The party over country Republicans will vote him in. Stay vigilant. #TrumpRussia
@macmommamary @CommerceGov @YouTube  Investigate Ross #Russia #SaveDemocracy
You are the party of negative we need you to resign NOW!
Thank you Senator Warren.
I don't understand why anyone would vote for this guy.  Actually I am confused why anyone voted for Trump
yawn... from a traitor...
And, once again, you lose:):)!!
your ratings are dropping fast in MA  FIRED any the Lina in MA come 2018 b
Maybe someday u will know what it is to be a American. Maybe u missed the memo. Not everyone agrees about!
Keep fighting, Elizabeth!
u need to get a life
Please list each and every cabinet appointment you have voted for.  Tired of your negativity.
senator you are doing a fantastic job. I urge you to run for Pres in 2020. Your the perfect cuck...I mean person for the job
why haven't you signed a paper to get HR 790 into a vote in the Senate? Fraud perhaps?
u are obsolete! There is nothing u can do to stop it. Time to stop lieing
With GOP in lock step unable to vote independently that won't happen
Sure, because you're an obstructionist. Period.
guess they realized your bat shit crazy and didn't listen...go back to your lies
- You don't seem to like ANYBODY!
How did that work for you?
nuuukkkkkeeeeee.  Thanks add Reid
really wow what a surprise we need term limits now
Ross very successful American businessman is donating his time and effort in his later years help America
and you kissed up to Hillary after she lied to a committee, kept government records, got dirt on everybody in the government.
Does Trump even know anyone who does NOT have shady ties to Russia?
no one cares
And weak Dems voted this bad candidate in-As a Dem, I'm ashamed of all of you!
@funder @CommerceGov @YouTube Now 45 has another cabinet position with ties 2 #trumprussia #russiagate #theresistance
Warren 2020
Shocking. 
Is it true democrats are bringing ILLEGAL aliens to SOTU? I'm a taxpaying citizen, where is my invite?
god do u ever shut up with your nonsense talk or do u just go home listen to yourself over and over again
Who cares? You are 100% mindless partisan. Stop your war on the middle class.
what does it feel like to keep losing?
It's as though Trump turned over every rock he could find to fill positions. #itisscary
#Boo
I urge the people to remove you from your seat.
this kind of rhetoric is not going to help you in the general elections, STOP ALREADY
works for me...
i urge you resign
Thanks to you and Reid there's a nuclear option. He will be confirmed and you can't stop it.
Instead of voting "No" Let's go w/ Oh Hell No!
"The lady doth protest too much, methinks"
Hillary has that blackmail dirt on you from Cummings
And for all the good reasons,apparently ur colleagues didnt listen 2ur nonsense &confirmed him in a bipartisan vote
u lost again
Of coarse you did. I constantly hear your mouth running, have yet to hear a solution. Typical politician
INTERNATIONAL RALLY AGAINST DONALD  TRUMP   please contact paul_dzine@verizzon.net
did you even look at obamas cabinet and his ties to militants and  racist?  the senator who cried wolf
You will lose again. This is good for the American people and in particular us MA citizens.
sad  trolls trying to put down a great woman. Wait until his own people impeach him once they get what they want.
is this acceptable libtards?
Wow. I just saw the report on his connection to Russia and @potus. I'm absolutely speechless that he was confirmed.
He's a criminal, of course he will get in .
can you go back on vacation so we don't have to listen to your stupid rhetoric…
If republicans respect their constituents they will vote No, of they ate there for power they will vote yes
GOP need to realize they work all the people not just theTrump supporters
How'd that go for you?
& for the fact he is a stakeholder in a bank of cypruss tax haven that holds 2 of Trump's subsidiary accts?
Brilliant speech! What is the government coming to?!
#singlepayer
#fightfor15
stop wars overseas, cut defense spending, and invest here in the USA
vote YES.
Thank you for standing strong. Tracking the voting for all nominees. The resistance will not forget. They are fired!
At this time in our history, all democrats need to be united in resisting Trump the Dictator. @TheDemocrats @NPR @AP
...and would still fail. There aren't enough of you.

@SenWarren @CommerceGov @TheDemocrats @NPR @AP
Have you said ANYTHING about ANY nominee that wasn't demeaning, mean spirited or insulting? #partisanhack
You're still cool with that Ben Carson vote tho, amirite Lizzy??
@WilburRoss Lizzy You Are Indeed a Cartoon, You Look It Act It, and Hillary made a Fool Out Of YOU.. keep Quiet Fool
Aww go flip a house in AZ
I urge all to vote for TERM LIMITS for hacks like you and all your racist homophones that still are whining
@AllLeftNews @CommerceGov @YouTube when the trolls feel the impact of his autocratic wrath it may be too late to save our nation
and you are what is wrong with this country
You tried too many sniveling cowards on the GOP side Great job Senator Warren keep speaking the truth
what happened?
booooooo
Thank you for fighting the good fight!  Too bad the asshole Republicans will be obedient little sheep and vote him in.  Pathetic!
@DNC @TomPerez @keithellison And yet 20 voted yes.  Time to start a new Party. Dems don't deserve you.
IDK Ms Warren.  Every time I sign a petition, write my Congress(wo)men, etc it never goes in our favor anyway
You have not said yes to anything these days! Don't have a stoke....even I bend on occasion
how'd that work out?
72-27 if you try to read it backwards you also obtain 72-27. Period.
I may have missed it but have you shown support for the new Perez/Ellison team at DNC?
she's too busy drafting her next Indian heritage story for additional subsidies
- When will they start listening?  Can't get over Pruitt and DeVos!
thanks!
and you made 15 million on 174 k a year salary,, audit time
rosstrumputinbannon et al: centuries sex w/children. Mothers know, circling. Supply chain compromised. Noose tightens. Men panic
I am working tirelessly to make sure you do not get reelected!!! Zero accomplishments in the Senate?
what do you know about trade deals? Nothing
Wilbur Ross....American patriot
Unfortunately, those facts probably made him more attractive to Republicans: link to donors.
Not much support for you >>> Senate confirms Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary. The vote was 72-27
@ArnMenconi @CommerceGov @YouTube Nice try. You lose again.
I wonder what kind of dirt they have on you?
Good job Senator, another loss!!! You have no credibility and no accomplishments? Except CFPB, a loser
you are an embarrassment. Wilbur Ross is light years smarter than you. Maybe you can learn something.
sorry dirtbag he got 72 votes you are irrelevant and I'm 2018 you will be gone! Trump Power !
As that will actually work POCAHONTAS!...all you are doing is Wasting more of our TAX Money! Return our $$$#MAGA
Hey Trump wants to an extra 54 Bil to are already 604 Bil  Military budget. Wheres your outrage about that
I applaud you for standing on principle. Wish your colleagues on the other side would do the same, but have zero faith in them.
it's a lost cause with congress. Republican majority and corrupt.  We need to flush them all out.
Well you know fauxcohantas, your votes don't matter, you are the minority......
not for long, my fellow American...
And we all know that's not gonna work. Is your party doing anything at all that has some genuine impact?
Appreciate your efforts Senator Warren!  But we need a couple of repub senators to agree.  Frustrating!
ain't gonna happen. Thanks Dems for the nuclear option.
thank you Senator Warren
http://www.nationalmemo.com/ross-russian-connections/ …
Ross should be given gov'ment-provided accommodation in the nearest federal pen, not a cabinet seat
You have to go Liz you refuse to work for the People of Massachusetts you are working for yourself only 
2018 BYE
your still talking?  i thought u left with killary?
you've urged your colleagues to vote NO ON EVERYONE. everyone voted no that YOUR a self proclaimed Indian
Because RESISTING is all u have to offer America #UrAWasteOfCarbon
I have a feeling you're colleagues won't listen.  Tine to clean house Nov 6, 2018
People want to be informed. This is one of many sources I check. Do you just flip coin?
Give Bernie a call.. Huma is looking for you.
of course you do! You are so useless!
how did that work out for you! Looks looks about half of Dems voted for him 
Thank you! Wilbur Ross nomination must b stopped!
had the effect of a rain drop on the Atlantic!  Massachusetts will vote NO on you! #ByeBye
go to the reservation, Pocohontas. It'll be the first time you will ever be there.
Thanks for revealing what a monster Wilbur Ross is
The only urges that your Dem colleagues respond to are the result of their morning oatmeal and prune juice.
I liked it better when you were on recess.
Thank you for all you do Sen.Warren!!!!
For all the reasons Warren gave about Wilbur Ross I urge all Senators to vote in favor and quickly!!
You lose AGAIN!
thank you!
Keep fighting. There's still intelligent life out here.  We see exactly what's happened and it will not stand.
#TraitorTrump
.@SenWarren @CommerceGov So, does everyone who Trump appoints suddenly have ties to Russia? You guys are literally a running joke anymore.
Wilbur Ross does not have American interests at heart.
I hope you all watched Rachel tonight! Bad bad stuff! Wilbur and Trump in bed together! Wow!
Your motivation is based on you own financial interests!  It's time YOUR financial interests are brought into light!
Lol!  You think not agreeing with all the incompetent fatcat appointments is a bad thing. Lol.
Have there been any nominees whom *you* @Guzifer007 would *not* approve?
If not, then by your own logic *your* opinion is just as irrelevant as that of @SenWarren . . .
Well, except, you know, she has a vote in the US Senate. You got one of those, counselor?
Not you urself, though.  Ur just random person jousting at sb actually elected to Senate.
72-27 shows how little influence you and @BernieSanders have
funny. Every time you suggest they not vote, the person gets comfirmed. Keep suggesting please:)
Is he 1/32 Cherokee who is pd $300000for 1 class @ Harvard?
Wilbur Ross + Cyprus Bank + Fertilizer King = Russia = Donald Trump
Too little,
Too late.
Keep Fighting like hell Ms Warren we u
sooooo tired of these business as usual politicians like @SenWarren @chuckschumer @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
wow still dragging the Russians down the street! You will never be potus 2020 #termlimits
You know Warren is only in her first term right. Though I do agree with #termlimits
who do you suggest instead?
another paid shill. This country is going to shit.
of course ! You always screw up Trumps cabinet picks . Political hack
