If you like it, it can't be right for America.
Lizzy, you have NEVER supported our VETERANS EVER! You are a lying Hypocrite!
Turning to GOP now that you are wrong about Trump.  Looser!!
Or seniors!
You take so much money from big banks! Quit acting like you're above it all.
Would you rather her support this bill?
. No its time for citizens to demand the same benefits we provide the politicians
I'm a veteran and a consumer and I don't oppose this. Because you know, I'm not a commie
And you know this how? What bills have you passed? What have you ever done good for ALL the people? Not just selected few? Pick and.choose
Then Debbie Wasserman Schultz must have voted for it
You are wrong. I'm a veteran and a consumer and you don't represent me
I named my Jeep Grand Cherokee 'Sen. Elizabeth Warren', because both of you are lying about being Native American.
And both pieces of sh#t
Well, my Jeep is actually ferocious. But...
Though it was funny,don't like warren
You can't let it go that potus did nothing wrong. Already your starting more controversies instead of doing good for America
No we do not oppose. Quit trying to make America fail. Hillary lost. Speak for the consumers, seniors and veterans who want America great.
Elizabeth Warren - And 63 million Trump voters
I have asked why didn't PMI insurance kick in when these loans began to fault??
I hate Trump, why is he still in office? For get the hearing s. And. Pack his baggage and kick him. Out.
#partisanhack #shutupLiz
You, Madam,  are a bold face liar!
YOU DO NOT SPEAK FOR ME.
Thats BS.u and the dnc never protected vets. If u did then the VA would have been fixed. Retire. And leave public life. You suck!
Wake up fool. Zerocare is not being recognized by insurance companies.The "insurance plan" isnt worth the plastic its printed on.
Oh hush. Get over it. You lost big time today. None of you have anything believable to say
You forgot to add "the children".  Dems always cry about "the children" when they are trying to drive a point home.
Is it a#wrongchoice to defraud a university receiving govt funds by lying about Race to obtain a position
That alone should show make us kick him out Trump the money sucking big
@Teamsters @HouseGOP. Hey Send Warren put your money where you mouth is. We want your health benefits and wages
This senior doesn't.....
the GOP absolutely hates, despises women and veterans. Take it from a veteran on va disability, and looking at getting reduced payments...
Who voted it  to be cancelled?  Please name names
NO "all" do not oppose. Most are getting tired of reading how anything the @GOP does is out to get us.   You need to start fearing us.
For those with short memories, this is a good educational video on the 2008 crisis and how it happened.
No wonder the STOCKS went up so high today.
I am a veteran, senior and consumer & you do not represent the American people. Go Trump!!
But, of course!
Blah blah blah. Do you ever do anything except blame and demagogue Republicans. #nasty #defeatWarren
Same groups oppose the ACA especially those who can't use it because they can't afford the deductible.
U want it in 2020, step up and be a leader now, demand #impeachtrumpnow Don't be the in middle of the pack or the end, get out front
Senator: You may remind everyone of the Savings and Loans disaster in the early 90's. Talk about bank closures and job losses.
Warren, keep us updated!
It's shameful that the PEOPLE no longer have a voice that can be heard over CORPORATIONS. Until  the midterm elections, that is. #wontforget
Winning!
class Warfare again suddenly you're concerned about the vets whose votes you tried to hide every presidential election
the GOP is nothing but a thinly veiled plutocracy. They don't care about us or this country
No intelligent women would support someone who lied to get rich. It's not American.
Hey people! Pull your money out of national banks!!!
Poca: I had to google what the 'wrong choice act' was. It's Called Dodd Frank. And yes, it was wrong, we all agree. Unite, don't divide .
What about the Indians Pocahontas
What can we do about it?Repubs know who's being hurt by theses bills!Just as scrotus concerns himself with his bankAcct.His crew followsSuit
AMEN , Elizabeth!! Amen!!!
That's how they get our money! #DrainTheBanks
Warren doesnt care about vets, seniors or consumers.
All she cares about is criminaliens & unvetted refugees.
I'm a veteran. You don't speak for me.
Betty you and the Dems have thrown so much BS at all of us I wouldn't believe you even if you were Pocahontas
I'm a Vet. I only oppose your SCARE tactics. Seasoned Citizens are smarter than EBT CARD CARRYING MEMBERS. STOP YOUR PARTISAN ATTACK.
I have so much respect for you Sen. Warren.
We oppose you
I'm a senior who is also a veteran and a consumer. I'm not against it so why lie and say I do?
And the top 2%!!!!

Great point. I miss Andy.
"Take away our PlayStations, & we R a 3rd world nation"~ @anidifranco
WTF...the $$ you AND #Democrats WASTED on the Trump/Russia connection could have helped THOUSANDS of #Veterans

#Apologize YOU were wrong!
The swamp is getting very wealthy.
Help Trump drain it
You should have supported Bernie
