The federal government must move quickly & do whatever is needed to help Puerto Rico & the US Virgin Islands recover from Maria & Irma.
the only thing going for you is yor big mouth I feel sorry for your husband if you have one  dewayne here
Thanks well wishes about electricity.  we not get electricity for 6 to 8 months. All the polls are broken transformers in the street a mess.
Glad to see you've come around on "America First." Screw all those suffering non-Americans! #MAGAWarren!
Our racist president is playing Katrina games with them. He's late. Too busy insulting black NFL/NBA players because he hates blacks.
5 days ago what's the update on #Puertorico

Thoughts -- not prayers! Atheist!
Hahahahaha! Still clueless! Do you know how long they will be without power?? Really? Prayers for all.
Thank God someone from Washington is!
Your thoughts are on how much more money you can make, how much more power so you can get richer. You are a hypocrite.
Do your part & donate a few million
Absolutely
I dont understand in this time that the billionaires that as re willing to give away their money would give to help v.i. and Puerto Rico
Send them a donation of your wealth.

#WeThePeopleProtectEachOther

#PuertoRico Donations & Volunteering…
Thank you for remembering the millions of U.S. citizens of #PuertoRico and #USVI unlike  @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @SenSanders
Please let all Americans know what has been done for Puerto Rico so far. And the  near future plans. Thank you
Why do you think PR has no representation? Have a really really good think about it liberals. It's a very very very simple google search.
See there's that hope word again.  How about the Senate is ready to work with the administration to ensure the lights are turned on ASAP.
No one cares where your thoughts are are you phony you Fraud you
U should have not done a rain dance
Thank you for these good thoughts,  but our country needs to make tangible efforts to help all its citizens.
Four to six months. That is what I'm hearing.
Why just the Americans tho. Why not everyone in Puerto Rico?
Nice try Pocahontas... your thoughts are with your party and staying in power
Thoughts don't do a damn thing except allows politicians a verbal version of the old photo op.
"...millions of Americans living in Puerto Rico..." not everyone, only Americans?
God Bless
You're worse than Trump.
amen...they need every American's Help asap.....
Do you have same sympathy for millions that will die from increased 700B in military funding? stfu
WTH? I don't want increases in military spending! In fact I want cuts. And I sure as hell don't want anyone dying at war. Not anyone!
Asking EW.
Oh ok.
My thoughts are with replacing you in the senate
Thank you
I’m with you! 
How can I contribute to ur 2020 run for POTUS??
I would be afraid that rapid restoration of electrical and basic services probably not going to happen.
How are you going to spin this natural catastrophe to be a Trump and Republican issue?
Thank you
Oh yes we All need to pray for the folks of this and also,our Irma victims too in Sebring fl too
Why don't you put your money where your thoughts are like @realDonaldTrump  did?
These are American citizens--we need to send  Help now!!!
Where have you been. Are you embarrassed of the democrat party also? Did you go hide in the woods with crooked hills? BAHAHAHAHAHA
Your thoughts? You have thoughts????  Who cares about your thoughts?
Oh, Elizabeth, and our hearts are with all the people of other nationalities caught by Maria and the earthquake too.
But only the Americans...
At least ya avoided the word prayer, ya big old progressive you.
Hope is not a plan Senator
Are you claiming to be from there too? Just curious...
Gracias, Elizabeth!
I second that sentiment.

Your thoughts are in the toilet, sir. Spare us with them.
All of America.
& our neighbors in Mexico! 2 earthquakes 8.2&7.2, a huricane (Katya), and now a volcano! It's like God's punishing us for maga?
Are your cheekbones part Puerto Rican TOO?
Have you told #TinyDancer that Puerto Rico & Virgin Islands are American citizens? I think he forgot & that's why he hasn't tweeted about it
Nothing happens quickly in the islands even in the best of times
Prayers
Genuine question, do people from Puerto Rico prefer being called American, is Puerto Rican better, or is either fine?
Either , is fine
Cool! I know your opinion is only 1, but it's better than none and I had no idea. haha
Red Cross will appreciate your donation. Put up or shut up
We don't believe you
Spain's PM Rajoy visits Trump soon Please help us make democracy prevail in Catalonia. This pair may produce any kind of nonsense
Liar
So you must REALLY have a problem with our new LIAR in Chief!
Please share those thoughts with the Palestinians also out of electricity and water and land for the last few decades.
Prayers and help are needed for those affected for sure! Good news is, at least Hillary won't be able to steal their money like in Haiti!
Remember the Democratic Party doesn't believe in God.
Total Moonbat.
Thank you Senator Warren!...Puerto Rico will desperately need our help in the days to come....
Thoughts & prayers to ALL PR, not just Americans!  Utmost respect to you Sen but I want to know your thoughts are on defeating GrahamCassidy
prayers for all affected by the storms and the earthquakes.  Please fight for us .
MEANWHILE,  Trumps threatening Korea.
they want to vote for you ps
think twice FAME!
How about going there + helping out PERSONALLY when you safely can...WORDS are Empty without Actions!!
Just to provide context, PR loses water pressure island wide-on a good day- bc their infrastructure is so weak. Thinking of everyone there.
Muchas gracias. The islands will need the Federal Government's help in order to rebuild their infrastructures and recover. #HurricaneMaria
It's been a terrible season for the Caribbean.  They are going to need a huge amount of disaster assistance.
Puerto Rico state #51!
Look at this kid smiling despite his situation. It's freezing in his sleeping place & endured sieges & bombs. 
er. mexico too please.
Why can't we do something to help them???
I was planning on going to PR in a couple months. Maybe if they still have need of help & US govt won't I'll volunteer instead of vacation.
I would but I never am able to afford to go anywhere very far from home :(
I opened a savings account called "TRAVEL_ONLY", then autodraft $X to it every month until I have enough for a cool vacation. U can do it!
Keep having to dip into it just to keep my business afloat, I did have one at a time lol
With you there Senator.
Glad u refer to them as Americans. Since many seem to think they are separate nations & as such, are of little consequence to them.
Good you can pay for it all thank you very much.
When you or your family gets sick I hope that someof my tax dollars will cover it. Even tho I don’t agree with you all people need healtcare
Thoughts and hope, doesn't help people
Me too sister....! Stay strong!
Luckily u can still communicate w them via smoke signals

I call BS crazy woman.  Please just retire, your comments are comical at this point.
Gee Chris, does your hatred ever stop? Why do you hated our fellow Citizens in Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands so much?
He’s an asshole apparently.
