Why don't you go flip some more houses for profit and then be a hypocrite about it?
Why do we pay you people?
--  I've been wondering the same thing about GOP Senators who sat on their hands regarding Merrick Garland nomination.
Believe me, me too.
thanks for being a strong proud women
and Frankenstein two nuts chasing a squirrel!!!
#ReasonsToLoveMeIn4Words as if we cared!
You are writing a comment about it, so apparently you do.
she really can't do a thing about it but it's funny to watch u lefties go hysterical... take a xanax and go home!
We will see. Republicans have done all they can to gum up Obama's 8 years in office. Democrats can do that to Trump.
It's amusing that you say that. It's not gumming up when the majority of the country opposes.  #repealobamacare
Trump lost the popular vote. #FactsMatter
go get em
we need to build a wall and enforcement for our borders. It's been out of control since 1993.
we need help for gulf war illnesses or CMI
we really do need the help from Congress
can you call me
please have your Boston Office call me
your office called today. Thank you Sen. Warren
As you can see he got it.....nice try but as always ....you lose
no thanks, I'm going to watch macaroni cook
@CharlesMckinle7 @rehnb1 @SenWarren
thank you for standing firmly on the right side of history.  We need you!
You need JESUS!  That's what you need..
Absolutely!  Jesus, come down and SMITE the tiny handed fascist chump hurting millions of Americans! Hear my prayer!
Jesus can't hear you because you don't know him...:)
Who cares!!!!
Sure love you Senator Warren. Keep up the fight
you are a small mean spirited person I pity you. life is short power fades and nothing is left behind but echos of our deeds.
is responsible for @cfpb She defends Constitution and US citizens. Her deeds will be remembered gratefully.
yes, especially on Judgment day we'll see. she is the next thing to a communist.
We The People Demand your resignation!!!
No we don't.
Your no vote is not news, you are getting more irrelevant by the day.
Carol who? Oh never mind you're irrelevant! LOL
Not about me. It's about We The People taking back our country
..just curious..who exactly are We the People who are taking back the Country?
"WE THE PEOPLE" MEANS E-V-E-R-Y-O-N-E NOT JUST #DEPLORABLES: a NON #alternativefact that's hard 4 sum 2 accept.
Exactly how, whiner?
Dems are done
Too bad you don't have any power
how long have you been a satanist?
wrong again Moonbat are you ever right Tonto?
do not vote for any of them!! Resist,  Revolt! Stand up for America .
because DUH. Why wouldn't you vote no. Thanks for fighting so hard for us and being a badass!
keep up the good fight. Love you and your principles
Thank you SO much for all you are doing standing up for ALL of the American people, not just those of us in MA who voted for you!
why don't you spend more time writing a bill that might pass. Your record is zero
thank you keep exposing you and your party for what you all are. Thank you again
thank you for all you do.  You are a hero inour world out in California
How that go?
I'll be sure to catch your hysteria.
I love a woman with a good set. You go girl, tell the rest of the dems to grow some. Now is not the time to make nice.
Could it be because he is a Republican?
do what is best for this country & its people & stop voting along party lines! #bipartisanshipiswrong
@thefive another rough day on the job?  not supporting the majority of taxpayers?  #draintheswamp
Your work with financial protection & consumer advocacy is good. Why is it you're not making better decisions now?
so how did that work out for you
a disgusting statist against the constitution and the rule of law a destructive Fabian gradualist Americans should recognize her
You have my support!
Thanks Pocahontas
Thank you!
I agree this ludicrous, impulsive behavior is not presidential
Thank you!  We know the GOP will get him in there anyway but we do not need more support for big oil.  We are with you.
give them hell Elizabeth
 You are worthless...you lost. AGAIN... Fauxcahontas!!!
We have an incredible country. Why are you so committed to the destruction of our constitutional foundation?
don't forget your bow and arrows
thank you for advocating for us, I still have hope
stop lying to the American people. We have won the election and we will go forward with our agenda. We will not be stopped
you're vote is as useless as that of a Republican voter in NYC. Start cooperating and stop obstructing. Help drain swamp#MAGA2017
Thank you for fighting for us. Tillerson is dangerous, just like trump and Bannon.
Robert Gates Personally Recommended Rex Tillerson. That's good enough for me.
We are counting on you & others to reign in those 4 who voted yes. Unbelievable! Thank u for your example.
@girlsreallyrule Won't play??  Just black screen???

@girlsreallyrule
I'm looking up which Dems voted in favor and will put money behind getting them replace next election cycle!!! #TheResistance
@girlsreallyrule it's over 4 dems caved.
@girlsreallyrule But wasn't he confirmed 
thank you for all of your hard work! Please run for #POTUS in 2020
Thank you!
how'd that work out pocahontas? 
looks like u wasted your speech on ssos
...#TexDrillerson ?
You are a woman of NO. I have never heard you say YES to anything. Political prejudice runs rampant in your mind
we dont care
57-43
Stay tough!
we are being hit with a sunami of de regulations watching c span today's agenda frightening. God help the people!
I'm with you all the way.
FIGHT!
THANKS Sen. Warren.I thank God for you
thank you. Do not let Russia take over our Country.
you need a normal recovering republican to teach you how to speak to middle America. Smh. Trump talk with dem values....
We have your back, thank you.
it's not what you're saying. It's how you're saying it. Figure it out!!!!!  #losing
shocker! Your voting no on a Trump initiative/nominee? OMG. You are the reason Trump got elected. Why people had enough. Wow!
this is alway about you and never the will of the people  19 is comming
still not listening to "middle" America. Well done. Someone up there has to be smarter. #educatedidiots
Thank you please tell your colleagues to do the same☞
Thank you for standing for the American people!
who cares what you do
good luck with that. Evry1 seems to have "every man for himself" attitude. Bunch of spineless bastards. Thank u for doing right.
thank you Senator  Warren !#resist
trumps ass kissers I hope trump dies from stress
I thought he was already confirmed
Sore loser with no class. Do your job for once.
thank you!
thank you.
the URL doesn't work... can you send another?
WHY? Its a done deal. You lose. Why whine? You are a lot like Hillary...But both: NOT SEEN OR HEARD. STAY HOME
Why not give one speech for all Trump nominees. Save time and fresh air. You will oppose all - we already know your position
it doesn't matter. GOP will push it through anyway. Why do I even vote? It's pointless
give 'em hell Lizzie
do the people a favor and do your job and stop holding up trumps cabinet member. You work for the people not your self..
No one cares why--including your constituents.
Good idea!! Mean while we will confirm him. When are you going to realize you can't stop anything. We the people are in charge!!
IMPEACH! End the American nightmare, please!
ms warren surprise !
What does it matter?? The rules have been changed/suspended!!
Can we vote no on u?
champion of the people! Keep fighting the good fight!we are with you!
It is about time and you should have said no for all nominees just like the rest of the Vichy Democrats.
Thank you Senator Warren - you are a beacon of hope
You are Not respecting the Americans who voted for President Trump!
you opposed God if he were a Republican...no doubt.
You are the voice of reason and key in saving this country. 
#thankyou #why aren't you #POTUS?
Thank you!
KEEP FIGHTING!!! We don't have enough strong leadership like you. Thank you!! #RESIST
Dems just can't keep up. Hurry up with those tantrums... a new SCOTUS awaits .
Thank you.  While you are at it, you should pledge to filibuster new SCOTUS nominee til the cows come home. #mybody
Thank you!! #resist
thank you, from a constituent! 
you will vote no on anything that will help the American people, the Democratic Party is on a death march.
much love for you. Thank you! 
Thank you 
nobody asked.
Go get 'em, girl! #resist
Wouldn't expect much more from an America Hater
your hatred is very disturbing check yourself in
Keep playing to your base with propaganda for political gain, ignoring your duty to country This is why Trump elected & dems lost
Is trump in violation of the Constitution re Emoluments, and if so, whats going to be do about it. Can't just sit back and ignore

you will vote no on all because it's Trump
Counting on you to join to fascists obstructing any sort of referendum for free speech, individualism   and personal liberties.
but why did you vote yes for Carson?
we know why! You lost at the ballot box so now you lie, cheat, make up stuff, and make fools of yourselves!
watch you try to remain relevant?
thank you. #resist
I stand by Elizabeth Warren
u r a joke! Registered Dem here but this is why Country divided and why people r upset w/ Washington! Grow up!
I just wish you did the same for Ben Carson's nomination... ?
Thank you. Keep up your leadership!
you rock! @SenateDems #soon2018 @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
please take as MUCH time as you need!
@SenSchumer @SenSanders  MAN OF HORROR -O CRIMES - HE NEEDS TO GO TRUMP IS HIS PUPPET = STEVE BANNON !!! HELP !!!
why vote yes on Ben Carson?
Wish you voted no on Ben Carson.
thank you
Thank you! Keep up the good work! We're behind you all the way!!!!
Keep fighting!  Keep representing us!  Thank you 
You will block everything that cones out of this admin-not on merits.  You are not to be taken seriously
Pocahontas can vote no but it will not matter her vote will mean nada
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
GO LIZ!!!!!
Keep up the fight. We need your voice of protest.
tyvm. Keep the no's coming.
good! And have a chat with your democratic colleagues!
thank you!
Lots of us will be voting you out
Thank you!!!
Thank you for saying you're voting NO on Rex Tillerson for Sect. of State. Thank you!!!
go away
We so appreciate your sanity and willingness to take a stand against insanity.
go for it! You are the bomb
Yes!
thanks for no vote on Tillerson.  He doesn't have the foreign policy chops to be Secretary of State.
: Thank you for standing up for what is right.  The American people owe you great deal of appreciation for what you do
Thank you for your leadership! You are amazing and so inspiring! 
be strong!!!
hey Pocahontas life is going to be hard for you on the reservation.  Give back the money you stole from all those people.
Thank you!
I wish I could fire you and your negative crazy behavior.
enjoy your last 2 years in the Senate #2018Gone
Hey Pocahontas, I'm reading all your tweets and you are simply a Liberal obstructionist. How do nuts like you come to power?
