What's the matter Chief Warren they're not laundering your money anymore
#BoycottWellsFargo and another corporation or business who lies to & cheats their customers. How long are we going to stand for this?
Boycotting Wells Fargo puts 300,000 Americans out of work. Not all were complicit. Boycott is punishing the wrong people.
True. Warren is politicizing the wrong company. I hope Wells employees in MA remember this when they vote. She’s being ridiculous.
Blah blah blah, you're clueless!
Ms. Warren is brilliant.  Call these scumbags out!!!!! 
Just fired? Why not prosecuted? They are criminals and should be in prison. Why do the wealthy criminals get a slap on the wrist?
Wells Fargo hired the asstant AG in Baton Rouge to commit fraud so they gets away with Fraud in louisiana
Amen
#WellsFargo needs to be forced out of business.
Us senate a joke due to these comic book characters
Drain the swamp—@wellsfargo
Mouth open spewing worthless epithets wicked Warren at work who listens to this ninny
Thank you @SenWarren for your passion! Keep up the great work!
@SenWarren I watched your clinical dissection of Sloan! You really rocked! 
Sen Warren for PRESIDENT!!!!
How'd you vote on that bailout?
There needs to be jail time for top management.
Bank of America is a bigger fraud! Opening accounts for illegal aliens
Absolutely-  left over from Obama admin giving young people interest-only loans on housing &putting them into debt he knew what he was doing
Make these CEO’s and executives PAY THE MONEY BACK!
If that happened, Washington Politicians would lose hundreds of millions in donations, so it will never happen.  They're owned by $$$
So the new guy is the old guy who caused a shit storm in the first place. Elizabeth Warren for president!
Fire has m!!!
Agree, Tim Sloan needs to be gone,taken to prison!
Wells Fargo hired a attorney at AG office to commit fraud. Am stl writing ever news station trying to get this out. Justice
The same thing can be said about Congress "at best you are incompetent, at worst you are a traitor"
Why are these wealthy white men NEVER prosecuted for their crimes? Oh yea, they bought the white men in power .
Come on @SenWarren - it's not like he took a knee at a football game...
were you ever held accountable for your scam, Pocahontis?
Love it. Keep them honest. Props to @SenWarren
Nothing like attacking business even though that's where the jobs are however ww doesn't care if votes can be had true socialist
why dont you attack the media for false reporting and their unfair biased treatmenof  trump you confuse trump with kim,putin get some help
Agree and oh by the way so do You.
He could care less about the bank or its customers. He's got his $$$.
From the Boston Herald. Warren’s state. What a fraud. She needs to fight real battles like the fucked up government she’s a part of.
If anyone watched the entire hearing you’ll see Sen Warren was weak and just tried to bully. Wells Fargo will be here long after she’s dead.
Wells Fargo is honestly the worst bank I've ever had. Debit card stolen, they refused to help with fraud investigation, charged $400...
I noticed your mention. Is there a specific concern or question I can help with? If so, provide details (no account #). ^SN
You computer reply  piece of shit, fuck off. I canceled my account with you 10 years ago.
Same people who stole our homes. Reopen the independent foreclosure review and provide substantial help to those suffering under the #va
I'm sorry to see this, Tim. Pls DM your phone #, mailing address, and the address of the property you mentioned (no acct #). ^CK
Thank you for all you do.  We are in the middle of the #Mortgage lawsuit with WF and look what they sent us today.  Will fight this.
Hi, Kaz. Can we look into this for you? I want to make sure you receive the assistance you need. ^LM
They should also be forced to give people their homes that they  foreclosed on.
Is there a specific situation I can look into for you?  For security reasons, do not include account numbers. ^NR
Jail time for White Collar Criminals!
they are still in charge?! tell me more about them.
Agree. Fire the TOP
You are right!
You DO realize you're only hurting the MANY Wells employees who are NOT Wall st fat cats.  But sure, if you think it will help your rep 
Thank you Senator
Boy, if that ain’t a hot seat for Sloan. Fantastic job, thank you for going after these crooks.
These guys show no shame in front of a Senator. Maybe they would acknowledge their shame more appropriately before a Judge.
Took student loans out with Wells Fargo. Paid off 3 of them. Says I still owe on them.
sad thing is... if he was employed by @realDonaldTrump he would have been fired..but they work for trump so different standard
corruption , corruption , corruption 
FIRE TIM SLOAN!
Not only resign, but pay a penalty (from his own means) covering the damage he did!
When EW says "I've read them all"  . . . . . . they have been read. . . . .
Shouldn't these CEOs be going to jail?Will anything ever change if they do not have to do time for their crimes.
So no disciplinary action will be taken. Good panel there. Very effective.
kind of funny EW saying something is fake.  WOOOOWOOO WOOO WOOO @FoxNews
Thank you Senator Warren for your constant work to protect Americans from over zealous CEOs!
Love her!!
And yet you and your fellow congress members enjoy unfettered insider trading that would put a regular individual in jail.
Go to bed, sleep and take a dump in the morning.
No question about it.He should be fired and face charges!
She’s one  Bad Woman! And I mean that in a good way! She’s Bad To The Bone! Love  Her!
Hopefully the people of MA fire you for not getting anything done
Accountability!!!  Make them pay!!!
This guy should be fired, then arrested, prosecuted, found guilty, and thrown in jail.
They need to be investigated about how they handle mortgages. They do very shady things to try to foreclose on homes. They are horrible!
Ok am old enough to remember when liberals didn't think government should tell private business what to do.
Go get him!!!
I love this woman
You are amazing. One of the very few in politics actually doing your job: protecting citizens.
Too bad Senator that’s not up to you.
He deserves prison for corruption and frauding investors.  Organized racketeering= RICO conviction.
And the board of directors
I love that you never hesitate to call out people's bull****. I applaud your tenacity.
Hey Elizabeth, how did you become a multi millionaire on a public servants salary? @jennajameson @RealJamesWoods @
Wells Fargo=crooked!  Some (not all) fines/awards for screwing ppl:  $175M 2012, $591M 2014, $81M 2015, $185M and $1.2B 2016, $110M 2017...
Interesting monologue.
Washington will never change for the same reason.  #DrainTheSwamp
@WellsFargo should be closed. The upper management should be in prison. Closed all my @WellsFargo accounts.
The same goes for Washington
Wow. I LOVE .@SenWarren!  When does she sleep?!

Don't let the profit from this by selling "protection" insurance policies - what are they, the flipping mob from the '20s?

When a company's ads are using "Baby come back" as background music you'd think that was the end of the road
How about criminal prosecution?
Yes. It is.
You mean like people who claim to be of naitive American ancestry to get votes you raging hypocrite
Thank you for sharing your opinion. Now how about you go back to work and get results for the people. I know. Far fetched...
My exact thought about our criminal government!
HE NEEDS TO GO TO PRISON ELIZABETH!!! why do you keep asking for a penny when you can get a whole dollar!!!!!!!
https://goo.gl/images/BJUWTv   why you asking too little ?
Yeah baby
...and the entire executive staff. Let’s start there

CEO Tim Sloan had nothing to do with the account scams.
Senator I would be more than happy to share my experience of working for WFC -It was hell -constant sell sell sell even if it hurt the cm
If lying and cheating were grounds for firing, at least half of our politicians would be out, including Pocahontas
Ouch!
If regular joe commits fraud he gets jail. banks get a fine. Things won't change until the big guys goto jail
Fact nothing ever gets done is proof that the machine is broken!!
They need to be jailed and prosecuted as any other thugs and  criminals on the streets. Not to be treated different.
an entire Orwellian corporatocracy. Focus on companies forcing unreachable sales goals on broke service reps w/threat of destitution. (1/2)
A CEO villain is good for your press-but unless this fascist corp model is restructured,he’ll be replaced by an endless line of bureaucrats.
And this will continue to happen unless these CEOs go to prison for an extremely long period of time and are left with no $ to their names.
@tankhuerta 
So the White House can't ask for an employee to be fired, but you can?  Is that correct?
A scold is never going to contribute to a positive result on the national stage for Demos.  All should keep that in mind.
Yes sen warren you are right
I love you Sen Warren! You're a straight shooter looking out for common Americans.
Like Grandpa says, "Got the best legal system money can buy You broke boy, dont caught shoplifting you get 10 years"!
And the board of directors @SenWarren.
When do the Indians dance?
i agree
Tell it like it is Liz
You don't know what you are talking about. Sad.
When you told harvard you were native American to get in the college. That's just so Clinton of you
Question, what has happened to all the credit scores on those individuals that had bogus accts open on them?  That needs reparations
I'm old enough to remember when the Left thought government saying employees should be fired was pure evil.  When was that?  Two weeks ago?
This man is a thief and needs to be not just fired, without bonus payouts But in jail.
Thank god for Sen Warren!!  She's a tell it like it is kinda Sen that takes no SHIT from N E 1!! Take d'lead Senator!!
applaud the constant fierceness @SenWarren & @SenSanders to make corrupt CEO's sweat. If only Govt's ACTUALLY DID something about it too.
Government will never change unless people like you who serve only themselves are still in office, you need to be fired too.
Senator-- thank you for staying on top of this blatant ripoff from Wells Fargo. We are paying attn, and canceling accounts
Ahhhh.   So do U.
Let's be clear: He should be fired WITHOUT receiving whatever massive bonus his contract stipulates he receives if fired.
This is why large businesses do whatever they want: No one has to take responsibility for their shit. Even getting fired is a gift.
No golden parachute
These people screwed over thousands who have suffered long term, long reaching financial devastation & they made millions. It sickens me
Wow.  Sitting politicians calling for firing of private company employee?
I have banked with them since 2006 and they still won't tell how to find out if I have bogus accts with them!
Also credit unions are sooo much better I dropped big banks years ago and haven’t looked back. Americans take control back!
Better than firing, he should be assigned to work in a call center and call each and every victim of @WellsFargo account scandal.
Failing healthcare, failing education, massive debt (20T)...who needs to be fired.....you.
Wait didn’t you have a problem with trump saying the same thing about NFL players?
I you Elizabeth Warren you are Awesome
Why do people bank with @WellsFargo?
Wow, Liz Warren and Tim Sloan are so alike! Both incompetent and need to resign.  Only difference, Warren profits from peoples suffering
your correct @SenWarren   in order to get this nation  moving again in a positive direction  the felonious corp culture must be destroyed
Adios
More #Crooks just like Bank of America
@SenWarren, please try to impose some type of limits on gun ownership. For e.g. People who own like two guns cannot buy anymore guns!
This was the best of the SenWarren! Loved the way you grilled this wall street cockroach !
Fuck @WellsFargo
BINGO!
Kind of makes you wonder why she gets paid by the same people who hired him.
i’m gonna go with complicit #bigbanksarebad
Worthless Congress.
Also - please ask why they should be able to use people's SS numbers in the future having shown they cannot protect them.
Did anyone go to jail over last 8 years?
You are awful judgemental seeing how all of congress gets rich once they are in there in a few years
Now you know how we Americans feel about the way politicians conduct the nations business & our money. You are now the accused! Feel Good?
You are not afraid to be honest
Lol. She is mean...that's how a responsible senetor should work. Welldone Mam. Our's MP's should learn  something from her.
Please stop the grandstanding
YOU ARE MY SHERO @SenWarren
comical Liz, u hate the fact he has been @ job 4 30yrs, do u support term limits? Cuz we the people feel the same about u & your cohorts
Why didn't anyone prosecute in 2016, we have a Justice Department. They made so much, went out and scammed customers again  This is the exact hearing as 2016. What a kangaroo court.
Hey let’s see if he will make a deal you both resign
They made 4b dollars last year in fees.  They literally made $4b off of people with no money.  Talk about that too.  That is ridiculous!
I'll wager that if Senator Warren get the Democratic nomination for 2020 and she gets elected; Wells Fargo will be one of her donors
And I can agree with you this whole heartedly, why can't more of your rhetoric be aimed at scammers even ones in your party @HRC
BOICOT TO WELL FARGO.IM CLOSET MY CHECK ACOUNT. CREDIT  CARD.ETC. .
NOT WILL HAPPEN. .REMENBER  TO. BIG TO FAIL. U SEE.
Hope CEO's around the nation r watching - esp. Bank of America who is a major Mass. / Boston employer.  W/ Warren Mass. is anti-business!
And they go off into the sunset laughing at you and your ineffectual nonsense.
You go girl!
Thank you for the straight talk. Very refreshing.
She should talk that's the same shit congress does to Americans and they getting away with ripping us off. Term limits not one word.
Wells Fargo will never change. Full stop.
Anything new today?
Warren is a media whore in her persuit of fame.  She'll twist facts & show no civility just 4 air time.  Duping her followers all the way!
Beautifully spoken Madam (future) President. Nail him to the wall. #warren2020!
WORDS. More words. Correct this you worthless piece of shit.
Pocohantes questioning of CEO was to impress voters in Massachusetts. All for her own political gain. BAD.
Wells Fargo employs around 270,000 Americans. Let’s make sure we don’t punish them. Pocohantes treated the WF CEO with disrespect.
Old Man Mitchell thinks all this dipshit does is demand firings.  She needs fired!
He should be in prison.
Can someone check to see if warren’s broker has a short order out on Wells Fargo
 his ass!
