He would be proud to see how we have so many white allies now that are willing to combat racism with us. There will never be another MLK.
That's all the difference in the world isn't it? Actually standing up and calling them out for what they are 
Wonderful people like you are who help ignorant white people like me understand reality, how it feels, & the damage it does. Thank-you
It can be difficult to understand, but so many of us are trying our best for TRUE equality regardless of differences. Embrace the different!
Becca. Who was that comment directed to?
Both of you. And apologies if you think I'm being sarcastic. I grew up in all white neighborhood, didn't learn about diversity until college
Those around me with rebel flags, slurring words; and I felt inside what they were doing was wrong; but...
Didn't fully grasp how awful it was/is until college. I moved to DC to get away from the hate. Became involved in anyway I knew how...
America has no leader.
America has a fantastic leader.  But too many race baiting, do nothing, whiny, excuse making, handout seeking liberals
2 followers u are a coward with no face
Lol.  U want me to put up a fake face like everyone else?
Coward is the perfect word!
How's this for a face #ihatewhitey; #i'madeadbeatbecauseofwhitey
2 followers your family doesn't even love you.
Family?  Lol, blacks blaming whites yet they have the lowest marriage rate among any race
It's sad that the same speech is needed yet again! 54 years later, 45 has brought civil rights back to the forefront! I have a dream!
Unfortunately, believe prejudice is the human condition, & it takes relationship w/Christ that empowers us 2 turn 2 unity. Not what is in WH
You don't have to be a Christian to be a decent human being. Most of these white supremacists claim to be Christian.
Claim being the key word there. Jesus would not support their views. Just my belief. Realize everyone doesn't claim it. But prejudice...
Is in all of us and we must fight against it. If it was natural to get along we wouldn't have these problems.
It actually is natural to get along unless you're raised with a sense of entitlement and privilege. We are made to love and taught to hate.
Ever read or seen Lord Of The Flies?
Oh, Baby Girl, thank you!  Thank you, your beautiful mother and siblings! Thank you, Dr King, for changing our world and thanks to youfor allowing him to!
Until Black + white platforms work in tandem  to provoke and inspire the psychology/mindset of US culture, the system will remain dysfunctional for Black ppl in America. @Abukar_Arman @common @Bakari_Sellers @TheRealDevonA #MLK
Can you be more specific please.
Hi, my name is Breanne and I’ve been asked to perform a poem for my college’s MLK gala. I would love to speak with you on the Justice your father fought for and get your perspective on your fathers character.
@josaxton one of greatest speeches of all time. It changed America for the better.
I went to Martin Luther King Jr elementary school. He was always my hero and inspiration.
Just reread the speech. As usual, it brought tears to my eyes. The man was amazing and should be an inspiration to all people, back & white.
Black*
Yeah. I noticed that after I posted.
@ELCABishopEaton response

I am hopeful, will never give up on The Dream.
Your Father's (R.I.P.) is Still In A Lot of US!;)PEACE
Growing up in the 60 and 70s I remember that we admired Dr. King
We are Lily white and proud of who  we are. My grandpa in TN.had trouble with democrats, who didn't  like him helping blacks register to vote. His life threatened for this. He was a great man.
Yes!!! 
Thank you.
.I cant imagine what the World would be like if God hadn't of given us Dr Martin Luther King.
http://idolportraits.com/ 

THE HARVEST IS GREAT, THE LABORERS ARE FEW.
Why did they Lut her~KING
Lots of emissions... injustice in America. May God deal with them...

you da real MVP! 
God bless you Sister Bernice King 
Still dreaming...

Blessings! 
The DREAM shall never die!
Thank you for your continued leadership and service and search for the whole dream for all of America and the world
.This is the first time I've seen this picture. It made me cry...it's so beautiful. The pain of a daughter losing her father is unbearable at times.
Grew up in an all white town. 3rd grade teacher Mrs Sledge may have been the first black person I ever met. She taught us all about your parents and their struggle. Bless you and your family.
Thankful to the LBPD for being aware and present. There were many people from our community there and drivers on PCH gave thumbs up and
Laguna Beach to stand for justice&equality amongst a hostile group of men who went unmentioned in the news. No big coverage unfortunately
Sad to see, mere miles from my home in Orange County, many White Supremacists pushing their agenda in Huntington Beach. Shameful. I went to
Ironic the statue of MLK is white.
Love this picture! You will see him again, as long as you put your hands in God's hand and love God with all your heart, that day will be a glorious day! You can't think about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. w.out thinking about the Lord. Awesome!
God bless you, God bless Selma!!!! Thank you for keeping hope and love alive!!!!!!! Love and kindness always wins in the end.
The harassers  just posted an awful message saying gun men were at a church and posted the church address as if someone was in distress. When I called to report it I got the run around. I also noted that a number I had blocked on my phone had been unblocked!
Mom is at home from the hospital. I want to visit; she is crying and asked me please not to come because she would be worried to death.As I was attempting to calm her and reassure her the call was dropped. They continually attempt to block communication between our family!
According to the new agenda of the Democratics because MLK was against gay marriage then all statues of him must come down. Get on it.
Your father's speeches almost always make me weep.  Say, 99.999% of the time. Because they ring so strong and true. 
Need Prayer: They are gaslighting hard and trying to drive a wedge between my husband and I.
Youngest of 4 like me.  I love your dad, am researching big writing project on his life right now. Will be in touch. --William
#WORLDimen140industriesLiL'Imen#Saison3
No greater leader after Jesus.Martin L.King.Thanks to the King http://children.Love  and Blessings 4 ever.
I am a product of your fathers dream! I am forever indebted to him for the changes I benefit from daily @BerniceKing
Amen
If BLM would stop stirring racial tensions to an all time high .A black kid gets shot for disrespecting police and you start a race war !
@kingbjnation @WomenOfHistory @Scripture_Truth @kngdmnetwork :)
You shouldn't have to have a dream.  You should have a reality.
Dream with Martin, Coretta, Bernice.
Dream and work for racial justice.
Dream and work on DACA behalf.
Dream and work for hurricane relief.
Personal note:I desire bridging the world for Jesus with the idea of 2CMinistery bringing people&Jesus closer.Are you interested to hear?
On another note: An article with explosive info on childtrafficking written by COT is ready to be shared. Any suggestion who to talk to?
A belated wishing well note from us.
You are amazing.

Thank you for braving the ugly, shark-filled waters of Twitter.

I am honored to be able to tweet to you.
https://twitter.com/willdiabb/status/901599727158005761 … IFB
#MyLyrics            Please retweet 
https://twitter.com/whar_kandi/status/915504280873746432 …
I believe this is his dream after the burning house speech.
Learn the story behind "The Solution" and help us meet our goal. @generosity https://igg.me/at/nMtWS0cqqks 
He was a MAN OF GOD and he liked the Democrats.
U.S.
Need to forgive the past. If you want to unite, help all kinds of people. There is more good than bad in us
Blessings Stay Strong Queen it's going to be alright soon because GODS MERCY & GRACE IS OVERALL THE GREATEST
YOUR Father was and still is a TRUE LEADER !!! He lives on in YOU and many other peoples HEART !
#starsarealiens
Omg wow. It's nice meeting you. Id like to meet you in person one day. Let's end racism. Much love


I stand with you! #MLK
So proud! I was young and hopeful inspired by your father! Still am today!
A great man whose values, principles and courage continue to inspire.  Without him, there would not have been Barack Obama.
His fight inspires me to fight harder. “ I dream the dream “ Ill never stop fighting for what’s right. Nothing compared to his fight
That's what we all must do, from the struggle to make this country fair&compassionate, to the personal struggles in our lives.

Wake up...
I still believe in that speech.
 be a king
A photo to behold....You and your family are always in my prayers my dear. ;) Hold on and if we pry long enough it will be real. The Dream.
Best speech he ever gave. Grew up watching him on the news in the 60s. If I had $ or car I would have joined him. So deeply inspirational.
#Legacy #WeHaveaDream #Sacrifice
#TakeAStandNotAKnee 
How about you take seat..
He touched hearts like no other. Love & Prayers for all.
Imagine what your father could've achieve had they not murdered him
A true visionary
"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere"
The first time I read the "I HAve a Dream" speach I wept & now I still do every time I read it. Thank you for your commitment to peace.
The Vision within the Soul of its Highest Source. That Vision the source of what dreamers dream. Known to a few, The Pioneers.
why is he white?
@LadyGraceByers Mercawise y gana dinero extra de una forma sencilla, cómoda y divertida contesta.  http://mercawise.com/registro/NRBlIMpdvw …
Being Black in USA tough, being Black male in USA toughest job 21 century! Scary because racism is hidden & denied! Fighting ghosts of past!
I often pray in Spirit to your Dad. I greatly admire his goodness and courage. I am sorry that he was taken away from you and your family.
@Tip
we need to start a tribal government now become more apart of usa.

We need to operate in our own jusrisdiction.
Praying for you and your family and this nation. Great speech at the unveiling at the Georgia Capital
Other minority groups need a better publicist bc it seems like blacks are the only group being oppress in america
Beautiful picture and sentiment. 
AFFIRMATIVE! You DO!
Thank you for remaining hopeful. Your hope helps us all hold onto hope too. Love, courage and thank you for all you and your family give.
Thanks #God we have @POTUS #Trumpto lead #USon our #AmericaFirst dream no-more #Drugs#slaveLabor https://t.co/3WsgBfIBPt?ssr=true
Hope cf Action!
What of mind of child whose ppl are mentally &physically disfigured by anti-African, racist Euro 'hat'/wig,@BerniceKing?

It's shameful there are those whom he fought for, who are now undoing what he fought for!!!
I keep finding myself wondering what he'd think about what's going on today, politically speaking... I wish he were here now!
Legendary Speech!  Iconic Picture!  WOW!
THANK you
Our day will come, that check will be crashed
May God!! Always!!BLESS!!!! AND LEFT YOU!!!AND YOUR! FAMILY!!!! LOVE THE PICTURE Man of Faith!!! Soooo Awesome!!
Tigerclaw you are right on.
Such a beautiful picture says so much so glad to have this picture on my phone definitely took a screenshot of it
. Blessings, Rev. Dr. Bernice A. King.
"That's My King" !
Are u going to tweet when Bernice posts on the destruction abortion wreaks on the Black community? Or only when u want to look proBlack?
Book updating Dallas African-American and #CivilRights history on sale thru Kindle for $1 til Sept. 7. #blackhistory
Please respect my vote for my President Trump and desire for successful America
Alwaysrememberedneverforgottensacrifice
Wow not much has change
Its a shame that a racists president brings the same issue's back to the forefront of popular culture.
When time comes for God to liberate his nothing can stop it
this one of the most beautiful pictures I have seen in a while.
I wish everyone in the world would truly LISTEN to his speech and live it!  Then there would be no racism or hatred. What a world it'd be!
I love this picture, @berniceking. I feel ur spirit through it. GOD BLESS YOU.
Kindness is strength that inspires peacekeeping efforts within the leadership of our country and our world.
I've been looking up more about #MLK and Malcolm X when I get the chance. They have yet to disappoint me with their words. R.I.P.
Amen
Sadly with this idiot in our White House that will never happen!
This picture just made my heart break #MLK
I was 12. I remember it...
I remain hopeful as well. Let us continue to be the difference. In God I still trust. May God bless & strengthen you! @BerniceKing.
Thank you
antifa = bernie and warren supporters
I have that dream, too.
Growing up my grandmother loved Dr. King and stood on his every word. She had a college made with my baby pic and Dr King we look like twins
I want to send many thanks your way for sharing the memories of your father with us and doing what you can to keep his dream alive.
I look forward to hearing you in Cleveland on Sept 16!!
God bless you...your father was an amazing man
I too have a dream that all people, red & yellow & black & white all come to love each other as Jesus loves us.Stop all the hatred,division!
Can eny one tell me how to get my day a birth cert she was born on a naval hospital. In the Phil they don't,t give the real one
How many people have to die before you disavow AntiFa?
He was an amazing human being and much more.  He has left his imprints and they will always remain.
Can you believe the Democrats signed into law a #RobertELee holiday on #MLKDay? How racist is that? Ask @billclinton
Wasn't that guy against gay marriage?  Why is his statue still standing?
I as well. God Bless America
Will ACTIFA vandalize this statue next??
Too bad people don't remember that speech.
I pray often for Martin's and Bobby's Family 1968 was a very difficult year in the USA .
WOW!
What an inspiring picture!
my dear
Love this
God Bless you and Family, I Pyay for you as I Pray for myself, Blessings with no ending. Amen.
Loved your father. There will never be his like again. And we are all the poorer for it. May God bless you always.
Your father loves us all and I'm honored to share the same country as him.
DIVINE Speech by an Anointed Man! Despite what we see in the Natural, I Stand with You in remaining HOPEFUL for the Heart's of Humanity!
One of the best ever. Heard it plenty of tines. He would be so upset how our people is acting today. The violence has gotten out of control.
We share his dream.
When one part of the body hurts, it all hurts.
MLK was a visionary, I was born on 8/28/64, learned at a young age of your father and this speech, have lived my life supporting his dream
He stopped using that metaphor after the church was bombed in Birmingham
@alonushhh LOVE IT!!!!
It's difficult to know we are still dreaming for your equal treatment!

Too bad the statue has to come down @LGBTCenterNYC
God bless you and your family; especially your late parents. The meek shall inherit the earth. We shall overcome.  
Wow, this gives me anxiety of all the stress my parents went through during the civil rights movement. I think we should tear it down. NOT!
Must keep hope alive.
@TranscendBuilds MLK's message of hope and unity remain an example for every single one of us to work toward.
I am at Sacramento
Me too!
Don't let antifa ruin it.
It was a great speech. He was a true American hero. Remember to vote, and support the dream at http://www.MakeEveryVoteMatter.org .
And a hero to be celebrated by future generations for his social activism, humanitarian efforts, husband and father..ILYMLK #TheGreatOne
I'm a old white grandma that marched for civil rights in the 60s. We MUST hold on to his dream we've come to far to give up now. God Bless
My 40yr.old son gave this speach at his high school graduation. We r raising new generations that carry on his dream.
In kenya too every moving  vehicle is painted with the image of Martin Luther king Jr together with I have a dream.he is my hero
I respect MLK Jr.  Your father wanted Equal Opportunity for all.  Now that we have it, people are refusing to work toward success.
Thank you for continuing to be so optimistic about us.  My dream is your father's -- where our race issues are only learning from each other
Love & Respect!
Bring his statue down in the name of equality

