U democrat idiots forced banks to make bad loans and u blamed the banks who found a way to unload the bad paper.
Oh Lordy! Then why didnt 95% of the banks buy those bad loans? Just the big investment Wall St. banks did. Enough to crash the economy
Its going to be a long 8 years for you 
I predict Loretta Lynch is going to have some bad days ahead.
#WeareTrump
Dodd Frank ensures the too big to fail banks remain the too big to fail banks.
Source?
We. New help of children

Now THAT'S the pot calling the kettle black! 
Excuse me?! That sounded extremely racist!
Good for Trump. He's smarter than you and he never has a bad day because he's a man.
If you are against it, then I am all for it. Take your riches and go home.
They got Taxpayers to bail them out - they stole millions of homes and they are going to do it again - pump and dump
We forget Pres. Obama  help us out of Great Depression ( job etc) now here they go again.
I regret to inform you that the Great Depression was during 1920-1930. Obama was not born then
Dodd-Frank is a business killer!
But as long as he's draining the swamp...
#shutupLiz
Why is preventing another taxpayer funded bailout such a bad idea?  It didn't stop people from losi ng their homes..it protected wallstreet.
#trump is wrong for America #WrongChoiceAct #TrumpLiesMatter #DoddFrankRepeal call him out 4 crook he is !
Dodd-Frank is weak to begin with. and now he wants to repeal that? The banks aren't big enough? they don't have enough cash? #oligarchs

That debunked smear tactic again? There was no "pretending" about it.
Another symbolic nose to chip off of another symbolic statue by don caesar tossed salad
Trump  no different then the Goldman Sachs corp raiders he hired for his admin take what you can while you can then file bankruptcy an run
Republicans clearly do not care about the country and the people. By definition, Republicans are unconstitutional.
Do you even know what Dodd/Frank is?
yes actually i do. i was an investment banker before, during, and after the credit crisis. know it quite well. how about yourself??
I am so happy Trump with unduing DODD_FRANK.
Good.
he can't hide his laundered money from Russia if there are regulations in place. Gotta run, gotta hide, gotta lie! #fraud #disgusting #liar
 they blatantly don't care about Americans unless they're wealthy. How does any average person still support this? Boggles my mind
Called my Rep. Brady (he is opposed). Called the only PA Rep Rothfus to co-sponsor HR10 to tell him to oppose. Sent postcard to Rothfus.
Hope Trump supporters loved living through the Great Recession. This time Obama's not there to save the Country from disaster.
#SustainableJobs requires profitable business
We can't handle the truth. We need him on that wall. 
2 big wins today. Comey slithers off into obscurity (hated by everyone) and Dodd Frank repealed! It was gov't that was catalyst in 2008!
Someone ask Comey if he believes Trump is an honorable man?
Zip it lying Pocahontas! You take big money from wall street peeps&big pharma. U pretend to be mad while you take the cash at the back door.
Actually, you did this to have more government control. If too big to fail was real focus, you would have broken them up. You didn't! Liar!
GOP keeps using ur rhetoric 2 justify crippling legislation. U walk a fine line on truth & they capitalize on it every time.
He certainly is.  But o boy, big banks get to bankrupt the country again.  Can't wait to loose my house and job again.
GOP party, party, party. Hey us GOP kinda like this trump Russia affair. We are getting away with all kinds of horrible policies.
Who wins when Congress deregulates America from FDR's safety nets to most recent provisions implemented to avoid financial collapse? #Resist
If you want smaller government let's government stop having kids they grow up to have an opinion to and affect the laws
Everything Trump said in his campaign has turned out to be lies. ALL of it!
"opt out of regulatory requirement" = "steal from depositors"
Dodd Frank was & is a double down of bad #toobigtofail banks.  They got bigger & community banks closed thanks to you.  Support #CHOICEAct
Source?
Satisfactory
undue mandates that cost consumers is what I see. Quit playing politics for the people ignorant enough to believe you #fauxahantas
#TERMLIMITS
What u say. Foreclosure Queen!!!
.@SenWarren @babyspittle and @realDonaldTrump  of course ~ he's following the 1% coup d'etat's plan to plunder the country
2morrow the "GRAND MOAB" DROPS...BEGINNING of the END of the SHOW
#DoddFrank destroyed community banking by placing unreasonable burdens on #toosmalltofail. Dems support big banks not the little guy.
When are you gonna support @BernieSanders Bill on single payer ?
Dose this have something to do with when they could raise credit card percentages up if they choose to?
really? please explain why liz. or didnt you steal enough money yet
THANK GOD!!!!  Dodd Frank is a Small business killer!!!!! #killdoddfrank
I stand with Sen Warren and we must circle the wagons on this issue!
It's stuff like this , that cause  Financial meltdown.
Great Job @realDonaldTrump! No more Dodd Frank
Give pos vs neg in facts. Not rhetoric.
You must have been separated at the hip from yer twin Pelosi. You an her say the same thing it seems. Hmmmm
You are wrong as usual.
When will he be stopped. He obviously doesn't know what he's doing. He's paranoid and unfit. Please help this country before it's to late!!
As for level of capitalization, the largest banks are not safer.
But, the deregulators miss the point of regulation. When a market is crooked, nobody puts money in it.
This is like the right to work laws, the right to work for nothing, the right to work where you might die.
And exactly what did Dodd- Frank fix that the government didn't cause to go wrong in the first place?
Ha ha ha ha!!!!
Trump is Wall Street hello
FSOC recognized the Shadow Banking sector as the problem. Yet Dodd-Frank does nothing exposing those shadows! Wakey. http://instituteforfinancialtransparency.com/2017/06/06/false-claims-used-to-defend-gutting-dodd-frank/ …
Senators please save the people from this nonsense!
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5ND5a02L3vxX3Q2REYwY0c0STQ/view?usp=sharing …
He wanted to be President to help himself and no one else.
Bye the way where are Charlie and Barney?  Oh yeah living the good life on a beach in a non-extradition country.
You need to retire and enjoy life
and wall street gave you an interest free mortgage on your home that you did not report so who are you to talk?
We're you saying something. Because no one is listening.
People don't understand what is happening.  Mess!!
and that would surprise you because....
Dodd-Frank actually caused the 2008 crash...TRUTH! Thanks, Mr. Clinton, and your posse...
And, sadly, his voters either don't know (avoid MSM) or don't care. They're mad and they are fighting back at the (so-called) elites.
The job of elected officials is to listen to the people not lecture them #TermLimits #TermLimits #TermLimits #TermLimits #TermLimits
Bannon is leading Trump into oblivion.
Dodd - Frank is a disaster and should be done away with!
DO NOT support financial choice act. #draintheswamp #housegops #peterking #paulryan #jasonchaffetz #impeachtrump
Duh, @realDonaldTrump is a greedy self-obsessed liar.
Dodd Frank is GARBAGE senator. Would you please grow a brain and do what's right instead of what opposes Republicans every time?
What did you do in going after the criminals?  Did you lose your savings? Your home? Are you still carrying debt because if it?  We are
Move your millions, Liz. Quick!
Oh man, i thought u retired!
@realDonaldTrump, your memory is very short. Remember 2008? You think the invisible hand of God will take over? Or just plain greed? Again?
I'll go with greed again.
#ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
Dodd-Frank was passed on a party line vote to help in recovering from financial crisis. That crisis,according to NBER, was over in June 2009
Based on the National Bureau of Economic Research, the Crisis ended in June 2009. On 1/27/2010, Obama stated the Markets were now stabilized
Dodd-Frank Bill, signed into Law on 7/21/2010, 3 mos. AFTER the Markets had stabilized & 13 mos. AFTER the NBER said the Crisis was over!
Based on the facts & data provided by the NBER, Dodd-Frank is no longer needed, since there are other regs in place to protect investors!
Dodfrank has done nothing but make the too big to fails bigger. It's death should be quick and painless.
yes and I am so glad he is
So is your socialist capitalist BERNARD of Vermont
I hope he does

It's because of people like you that Ohio is running out of insurance keep up the good work
No its because of you!  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.daytondailynews.com/business/anthem-pulls-out-ohio-what-really-going/5Xh7wm0SJlyGjS7Lyu1TmO/amp.html&ved=0ahUKEwiZkuXSo63UAhUozIMKHXoAA6wQiJQBCCAwAQ&usg=AFQjCNFNEnip68oTtlPErG0AQJojj2CrKQ&sig2=u1TR7IrRtBFSzRFGKoz0dg …
send it packing- it's a killer
So why don't you demonstrate why Dodd-frank is good for the middle class citizens of this country. Because it's big government. Prove it's
Good for us
Well, seee,  @realDonaldTrump has to keep sucking up to @SpeakerRyan to stave off impeachment.
Shut up
He was always anti-Dodd Frank Dodd Frank is a piece of crap much like Obamacare
#FollowTheMoney #FillTheSwamp
L I A W A T H A
How does "reviewing" a regulation do all those HORRIBLE things? Stop the hysteria and hyperbole
Please run for President in 2020.
#Trump sh be impeached by now. But we have a GOP #Congress 60% of US are deniers. He's polling ~38%.Hes sucked up the #Military+#WallStreet
Thank God.
did anybody seriously believe trump was gonna fight Wall St on behalf of the hard-working american?   That should be a rhetorical question.
I voted against Hillary. Period.
Repeal it!
SENATOR WARREN MR PRESIDENT GREEDY PEOPLE NEVER CHANGE ;GREED IS ALL THAT IS IN THEIR LIFE NOT EVEN LOVE!
SENATOR WARREN MR PRESIDENT WALL STREET IS IN BED WITH ORGANIZED CRIME ;THEY ARE UPTO NO GOOD!  THEY DID IT ONCE ;THEY WILL DO IT AGAIN !
Wonder whatever happened to "sink the Swamp"?
Swamp? What Swamp? 
SENATOR WARREN  MR PRESIDENT THAT'S WHY I REST  !GOOD SLEEP; I RECOMMEND IT !TO YOU SIR ;SO TO HAVE GOOD JUDGEMENT!
SENATOR WARREN MR PRESIDENT I TRUST YOU BUT NOT WALL STREET,!
SENATOR WARREN MR PRESIDENT WALL STREET DID IT ONCE !THEY GOT THE TASTE! THEY ARE STILL HUNGRY!
SENATOR WARREN ANYTHING TO PROTECT US FROM MISMANAGEMENT OF WALL STREET I AM FOR IT!
@realDonaldTrump How sad that the President only cares about rich donors and makes horrible choices for the rest of the country. Disgusting
#LiarLiar #Trump lies constantly. Conman through & through. A shell of a #POTUS filled w/ #TrumpLies

Bad 4 #America. Bad 4 #TrumpSupporters
Definitely bad for America and its people.
I support undoing many parts of Dodd Frank. Wall Street regulation is holding back our economy. Let professionals do their jobs.
Good need to get rid of the swamp people
Pass out in your teepee

I love it!!!!
Of course he is
He never made a secret about that and people voted for him anyway. It shows just how ignorant the general public is about government.
You are so correct!
You are a liar. Cause of 2008 crash crash was bursting of housing bubble primarily caused by government manipulation of housing market
DoddFrank sucks!!"INSIDE JOB" 2010, great movie to help understand publicly & privately what happened, who involved, still needs to be done.
The Great Recession 2.0!! As if enough lives weren't ruined before. I wish someone would 'Dodd' his 'Frank'! Oh wait, he doesn't have one.
Trickledown on steroids
Warren, speak the whole truth for a change.
Please tell us the whole truth.
@2sly4i can't handle a simple question - blocked me for asking her to explain what the whole truth is. 
do you know anything about Hillary threatening the government of Bangladesh
Really where's your proof and make sure it's not Wikipedia
LIZ WARREN YOU GIVE OBAMA A PASS FOR SETTING THE WORLD AND AMERICA ON FIRE. HE DID MORE DAMAGE TO AMERICA THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY DID.
Socialist extremist Elizabeth WARON . We know your agenda and your hard left a socialist dreams not going to happen on our watch Princess
Get rid of Dodd-Frank
Of course he is.  I've never known Trump to do anything to help the working and middle class, only the rich, corporations, bankers, donors.
Somebody's needs to undo the idiotic Dodd-Frank. 
HEY ELIZA(B(E.T.)H WHERE IS THE WAR GOING ON?..
Keep plugging away sister.  Your one of the few that believe anything you say.  Sad but true. You betrayed too many times.
7 follower troll troll nobody cares what you think back under your rock now
Actually, I've never met Dodd Frank. Fake news, Pocahontas.
You need to retire lady.
Excuse me while I go get my swamp boots...
Tough on Wallstreet? Did you read Hillary's horrifying speech transcripts to Wallstreet? Yet YOU endorsed her. Don't get on your soapbox now
He and his lackey want the market to crash and the rest of the world.
Your talking Soros now.
Warren You also are owned by WallStreet
42 "follower Troll back under your rock now
Yeah, #Trump wants Us 2 CHOOSE 2 let the Banks GAMBLE w OUR RETIREMENT money &THEIR REQUIRED SAFE MARGIN instead of Their Own $$
Not enough wall street insiders paid via job losses & jail the last go around. Instead they were rewarded with big takes, Taxpayers screwed!
What a shock...Trump=$$$$$
Much love & respect @SenWarren ! Thank you!
Barf, barf, barf
dodd-frank was instrumental in allowing banks to consolidate into too big to fail conglomerates. our crony-capitalism HAS to stay in place!
So very SORRY
Oh course the nut case is it benefits his friends
Well you are one of his friends Natalie, you just don't know it
Sure ooooh so powerful , if you mess w/ me better be stronger than that otherwise push off
Good answer, do you teach your children to be bullies too? I did not say one threatening thing to you and u want to come off as a bad ass.
Once again trump is going back on his promises
Back off Pocahontas,  you still need to come clean for cheating to get into college.
Well, this bill will be subject to Senate filibuster rules, so I assume it is DOA?
Defund the CFPB and its corrupt head, Elizabeth Snake Warren.
Goofy
