I thought @SenJeffMerkley’s staff might need a sugar boost, so with Jeff on the phone, I dropped off @DunkinDonuts to his office.
.@SenJeffMerkley is one of the best, and I’m very glad to fight side-by-side with him. #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor
Your really messed up aren't you Warren?
You're*
Don't get petty on short tweets... I combine old short in tweets! So get a grip!
Crap, it's the 'grammar police.' Thought they had all left the building. It's an old lib tactic used when at a loss 4 logic. Which is always
This is an old thread so move on dude- me and Jeanie are fine 
Amber some people don't get it! Thanks friend
How'd that work for ya?
#partisanhack #shutupLiz
@ Warren
if you Democraps would realize that you lost for a reason,quit fighting and do what is best for the country, instead of your own agenda.
When the vote finally happens, I expect ALL Democrats to stand on the floor and filibuster non-stop until the GOP withdraws. Fight HARDER!
Do u think he wasted 15 hours of his time? So glade he works 4 working families.Tell him to keep up the good work.
Retards unite!
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkley!
Dems have ruined the Senate. Going forward, Senate is now scorched-earth. Calling abortion women's health is no less evil than Hitler, Mao
Voting to ruin the country and the world over a single issue is lunacy, how do you explain yourself?
What a waste if oxygen!
Bernie's endorsement carries weight. Yours is empty.
Democrats really need to stick together. Bernie will tell you that. United we stand, divided we fall.
No way. The Democrats are done. This is the cusp of a new era.
Will read.
Don't you think Cheyenne we work with what we have and we work for better in the future? We can't change Democratic Leadership today
You are seeing what the Republicans are doing and you just quit? Let's keep voicing our concerns till they understand they work for us 
No, if you're referring to me and I don't think you are I am not quitting - you are absolutely right Stella. Can't change Congress tomorrow.
Thank you!!!! As a single mother, I cannot thank you enough for taking a stand and being a champion for us! Thank you!
Guarantee you have no clue why you're supposed to dislike Gorsuch
It does matter. It's on the record, as protest.
Ridiculous.  Waste of breath
You should be ashamed of yourself, you took an oath to support the candidate elec. Your a liar.
Absolute madness! Stop the democrat mayem and carnage!
Did she talk about how she lied about being indian!?
Well, all of your yelling and stonewalling didn't do a bit of good, did it?  No wonder the Dems are fleeing and voting for Republicans.
There is nothing wrong with his qualifications. You just have to oppose everything the GOP wants.
No, it shows he slammed three Five Hour shots.
Lot of good it did.
Democrats don't care about the people who aren't employed. No difference in attitudes than the red party of hate . Let the poor suffer!
What about people not working?! Always working families, middle class never anything for poor who are unemployed. That's why Trump won
You talk about women rights. I just found out what your staff records which are legal to see and you don't pay equal.
THANK YOU SENATOR JEFF MERKLEY FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK WE APPRECIATE YOU
How does yapping at the mouth for 15 hours over a lost cause help working families?
Is that why you pay your female staffers less??

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Guess donuts make up for pay inequity in Warren's staff.
My new hero! Makes me proud to be an Oregonian.
I wonder, do HIS female staffers get paid 70% less than male staffers like yours?
Why don't Americans have the same health care as the House and Senate.  If you had to live on our system you'd change your tune fast enough
Didn't Ted Cruz do the same thing.  It doesn't make him anything more than just another politician milking the system.
why do you have a problem with the supreme court nominee
Thanks for you leadership.  Stay strong today.
You're all obstructionist. You'll be gone soon in the next election.  You're a has been Senator. No sense of reality!  #voteoutpochahontas.
Well Pocahontas........you have a companion windbag!
Well done,it's too bad he was the only one. Don't you all have 15 hr in you?
go away old bat
u don't get it. WE don't want u or merkley ur just more of what has happen in the US with dem leading  time to go away
obstructionist
Way to represent Oregon!
15 hours now that is just ridiculous. You people are just deranged.
#Overkill you're wasting tax payers money dragging your feet on this.  Pure nonsense. #ProvingNothing #GrowUp @SenWarren #gorsuch #PeacePipe
hope that worked out for him. At least he can tell his constituents he attempted something, although lame.
15 hours of doing absolutely nothing productive. You praise that? If he had a real job and did nothing but talk for 15 hours he would fired!


What does one have to do with the other?
And yet it changed nothing. Typical political theater that everyone stopped watching shortly into Act I.
Pay your female staff more, hypocrite.
WHAT GOOD DID IT DO HIM? JUDGE GORSUCH WILL STILL BE APPOINTED,YOU GOOFY BITCH! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So proud of our Oregon Senator and all of you opposing Gorsuch. Repubs just want to do as much damage as possible before Trump is impeached
And I'm sure the American people tuned in for every word.  What total malarkey.
@CFraase @SenJeffMerkley god bless him
Hey Liz, didn't you and all the other Democrats vote for Gorsuch for the Circuit Court?
Proud of our senator, Prineville, OR
He was in a position to #DoSomething . @SenWarren @SenJeffMerkley
Thank you, thank you, thank you sir. 
You actually managed to find a Congressperson who works...so you do know a part of your job...congrats!
Report just out that warren pays her women staff less then men!
It appears that the judge is well aware of the dangers of political power whether the thugs are Dems or Repubs.
Great job a natural BIG MOUTH
I think she really wants Gorsuch confirmed
No he's a leftist hack Gorsuch is a champion
it will take the leadership of all of us to protect the values of US. Thank you for lighting the way, Senators.
If you really listen to the American people I am one of those people and you can call me anytime to listen to someone using common sense
Besides your not thinking about the American people only yourselves and your agenda to mess things up even more. Stop the hate or resign
Senators either way you will have to approve someone wether it is this guy or the next or the next. You won't leave it empty for ever. 
No that is not true. He spoke for 15 hour because he wanted to hear himself babble for 15 hours. He still didn't say anything intelligent
It's time to jump off that sinking ship. You will be voted out and we will celebrate
THANK YOU both for standing up and speaking out so boldly!
what a shame you guys were unable to destroy a judge you guys once voted unanimously to be approved as a federal judge.......
recorded history is really not your friend these days....
A real trooper
Haha. Democrats in death twitch.  "Lets just talk long about nothing" leftie Bulchevics
Boy I feel sorry for Warren's husband.
It's great when you call out those you think are doing good work. I'd also be pleased if you called out those who you thought were not
I agree
We need more committed LEADERS like senators Warren and Merkley #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor
My new hero!
You don’t know what a true working class family is.
@SenWarren please run for POTUS!!!! #senwarrenforPresident2020
Thank you, sir. You're a real patriot.
Your joking
#firebilloreily  for women
Shame you can't be a champion for your female staff.
Jeff like you is all blather & no substance.Jeff performed for 15 hours on taxpayer dollars.Why dont U & he wake up & get onboard MAG train
Bwhahaha your Hillaryious Piggyhauntis!
Proud to say he's my Senator. He's the future of the party. Merkley/Warren ticket?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Too bad you guys don't have Ted Kennedy anymore. He could put Judge Gorsuch in his car and drive off a bridge.
Indefeasible
Our freedom, that's a commendable about of time to speak defending our freedom,
That's rather horrendous to have to speak that long but I understand that the need to speak longer may be more if they continue threatening
He was up all night while most of the country slept and Gorsuch will still be confirmed.  Don't champions usually win? 
he spoke for over 15 hours and never said one word of relevance. Champion of losers!
We you all for your dedication and sacrifices. Amazing resistance...Keep it up!!!
After November Trumpification I am so comforted that people like Senators Warren and Markley are out there fighting for our Nation.
You need to get out of politics!
Just because he steps up once doesn't mean crap.
No she's not she is an enemy because her policies will devastate our country she never bothers to do the math rather she makes fake promises
What a blow hard!  Why don't you Democrats try doing something constructive for a change?
Wasted 15 hours
U guys are traitors!
and what did that get us?  come out with a green progressive platform that helps working people so democrats can start winning
It got us another big bill to pay for so someone can talk for hours and accomplish nothing
Dems call Trump misogynist despite having more female exct. than males. @SenWarren pays her female staffers 20k less than her male staffers.
Why do you continue to even show your face? You are a embarrassment to women, your Democratic Party and Congress....
Most c damage and not a clean state when rebuilding begins, step back look at the whole pic, landscape changes, clean new and fresh,
I applaud Sen. Merkley . Kudos
just shows your concern is Party over Country. He is well qualified and should be confirmed!
#hero
Merkley whines his pick didn't get a vote when everyone knows if the shoe were on the other foot they would be doing exactly the same thing
Wrong!
By "champion" did you mean a time wasting loser?
Do you truly believe the BS that falls from your piehole? Working families believe you are self-absorbed & idiots
He is one of ours! This Oregonian is very proud of him.
Towers OF BABLE
I wonder if he pays his female staff more then u do? Someone who is 4 womens equal pay, paying ur female staff almost 25% less then the men
Damn and I was praying for a heart attack!
Your both ridiculous
I'm old enough to remember when @tedcruz was considered crazy for doing that
All he showed was that this process is strictly partisan
Atleast he stood up for what he believes, unlike you. Go lay back down.
let me kow how this works out in the end. he is getting confirmed. in your face.
Proud of @SenJeffMerkley and of being an #oregonian. Let's keep unified against this #GorsuchNomination
That was mighty big pow wow !
Explain to me why women working for you make a lot less than the men. Huh huh answer that you hypocrite
Stuff like that makes Americans think you're all ridiculous. We also thought that about Ted Cruz. His antics were never forgotten. Dumb
I hope that was out of your own money and not ours.
Yea, we cant have a judge that goes by rule of law and not feelings. Hey hypocrite, how long you been there making law? #yourtheproblem
We have always known this, he backed Bernie too while you sat on the fence.
The equivalent of an toddlers temper tantrum when they don't get their way.
Proof that politicians are nothing but useless windbags!
Is it not possible for multiple senators to do this back to back? Why is it always just one brave warrior?
#Liawatha u r a fake. Equal pay, produce records about ur ⚢ employees. U r just another member of #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
I'm always amused by law school graduates, who obviously never took a class in Constitutional Law.  Maybe u could pursue an on-line option??
That's cause he had nothing better to do.
Waisting the peoples time and money again I see.
Probably the longest he has done anything!! Stop the madness. Get outta bed w/ Hillary!!!
Thank you
So those working families paid for him to contribute to a losing cause? We're not paying any of you to be childish buffoons.
I thought you when to College? Don't you understand if you double minimum wage inflation will almost double and their will be less jobs.
All he showed was that he is an idiot to waste time with no outcome
Congratulations to soon to be Supreme Court Justice #JudgeGorsuch  
anyone who has done traffic control for instance knows how hard it is to stand for so long
Yes, and he's a champion for standing up against Gorsuch's discrimation of women, as well as students and people with disabilities.
That's so crazy. You know none of that is actually true. This is why normal people think the far left are absolutely crazy.
Really, Rebecca Bot ? SCOTUS unanimously overturned the #Gorsuch ruling that discriminated against students w/disabilities under I.D.E.A.
I agree with you Sent. Warren. You have my vote for the next President election.
Sore losers gotta continue wasting taxpayer money #Obstructionist #SitDownShutUp. #Fauxcahontas is a 1%er.
Thank you for supporting our #Oregon Senator. What a guy. If all men were as ethical and strong, think of all America would accomplish!
ha. You do realize it's no longer April 1st, right. Oh well, still a great joke!
