@co_rapunzel4 @pharris830 #Veterans Took a red pen to @realDonaldTrump's BS 'Napkin Presented' Tax Plan. It needed the RED Pen #TaxReform
Accountability like Obama given billions to Iran. Susan rice unmasking & lies, Donna Brazil giving Hillary question to debate. Russia lies
I agree Sen Warren. They need to be held accountable.
Agreed
The votes do not decide the seats -- the board decides the seats. It's impossible to vote them out. They have to resign. Vote = sentiment.
Hell, WF are thieves just like most banks.
#Warren2020 keep up the heat!
Obama did not prosecute a single banker for massive fraud that wiped out millions and bailed out banks.
Wtf do you know about accountability.....LOL!!!!!
Americans should vote out every politician that lied about being a minority to get jobs or benefits.
And vote out all Senators that voted to bail out the banks.
I also wish to move my mortgage from Wells Fargo. I refuse to put my money on a business with no morals!
So you are upset because they did not give you a share of the profit?
You accountabile? Really?? Thought you were of indian decent - Pocahontas
extremist imho!  you should look for other co.  for targets!  for example yahoo ceo - she damaged yahoo but gets 186m
Everyone should vote you out.
I keep picturing Warren screaming "so we will not hear from Trump again". Excuse me I have to go puke again.
I love your fire for justice! Let's stop this evil!
POCAHONTAS put on your 'BIG GIRLY PANTS' you lost fair and square.
Someone should have gone to jail. Slapping a "small" fine (in comparison to profit made) is not a deterrent.
I consider myself a shareholder of Massachusetts. Can I vote you out please??
So glad I closed my @WellsFargo account. #Resist 
Dems are a walking dead party!
What about accountability in Congress?  Lowest approval rating ever - lower than Wells Fargo - get real Pocahontas!
You need to run for President so we can get another Loss!!!
Finally something I can agree with you on
Americans should vote out every member of congress because we need leaders who will listen to constituents and be held accountable.
Total agree.
are we gonna slam Obamas 400,000 speaking fee hypocrite???
Customers should switch banks.
It continues to this day.
"Warren has accumulated a vast amount of money, & yet... claims to fight for the middle class... " #ElizabethWarren
When CEO'S get put in jail for this sort of thing, things might change. If I steal I go to prison, if they steal they get a golden parachute
Excellent advice for your constiituants. Drain the swamp.
Lizard, I finally agree with you on something. The same thing should have happened 2 the Board at Penn State U over the Jerry Sandusky issue
Don't you ever get tired of telling other people what to do?
What about the other banks who are doing the same practices.
We could say same about White House
And was responsible for firing/scapegoating #whistleblowers. Totally unacceptable. #StandUp #Whistleblower #ethics
@SenWarren So doesn't the same go for 8 years of a do-nothing Congress?  That means you Pocahontas!
I remain livid that Wells Fargo has not paid a bigger cost for willfully defrauding their clients & making millions.
& Investigate 2 Prosecute ALL responsible 4 this fraud on Americans. NO HALL Pass 4 Hackers inside or out. STOP letting Bankers break laws.
Don't listen to this Yahoo's,... Wait!, actually listen and proved then wrong. Show them you stand for working class, support MedicareForAll
Ok, I can see you senator Warren redeeming yourself a little, I'll keep an open mind, you truly broke my  when you endorsed Hillary. 
Just like the accountability that you forced @BarackObama & @EricHolder to execute over the criminals on Wall Street!
Nothing like ignorant ideologue attavking business when it's down anything for publicity reprehensible creature too bad warren in office
You Lizzy or your goofy #antifa Liberal Dem Party including 
Barack Obama NO NOTHING ABOUT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
F-OFF INDIAN D-BAG #NOWARREN2018
Retire...
What in the hell do you know about accountability? If you want to talk accountability lets talk about the screwing y'all have put on America
you are a scam!!!
Have a couple of glasses of wine and go play in traffic..you're an embarrassment to people with iq over 80.
Where is the accountability for the DNC and their manipulation of the primaries?
We should do the same to the senate.
Accountability would be prison!
Right on! My wife and I were victimized by this damn bank. A criminal enterprise.
Your accountability is upcoming in 2018:)
let's also vote out a do nothing congress. Oh yea we're doing that hope you are next
Nothing else happening like Senate stuff..
you should be held accountable and submit a DNA test to see if your really an Indian
Individual shareholders have insufficient voting power.  You, of all people, should know this.
Use to be proud of having worked there- NO MORE Disgusted
And Citizens should vote you out!! Tick tock tick tock
That's under Ur God, Obama! He was probably on the take. But now U worry? Where were U all these last 8 yrs!!Hypocrites!
As a WF customer, I agree with @SenWarren
Your female employees reach salary parity with their male counterparts yet?
Couldn't agree more, now apply the same logic to congress!
And they will vote you out. Bye
@LandauCamar @WellsFargo...Hey Sen Warren lets work on getting trump  out then ..then work on this
She speakum with fork tongue
Accountability!! Shame on everyone on that board - the leaders must take the hit for this mess.
McConnell says the wall will cost $15 billion. A great taco truck is $100k. That's 140,000 taco trucks - 2,800 per state! #moretacotrucks
Elizabeth Warren poopahantess get out of Washington will you your useless
Armenians and their "Trail of Tears" need to brought back since Turkey is trying to do the same with the Kurds. The UN will not. Please try.
Cost me thousands of dollars and I had to pay a penalty for leaving Wells Fargo
Strange action however I do agree with Se Warren. In fact that should have happened long time before. I agree with the SenWarren. Wow
voters should vote out Warren for lying and trying to claim to be native American.   you are a reason why there need to be mental hospitals
Scam?  Pokahontis.... scam?
Why don't we do the same thing we do when we investigate politicians?  Talk tough and then let them off the hook.  Try that.
Go get them lyin liz
I was a victim  who can I talk to
As well Fargo customer I whole heartedly agree. But even if I wasn't no one should be above the law.

First thing you ever said I agree with
And you
Thank you for going on the warpath about this.
Dear Elizabeth Warren, You should be worried about your own reelection, your all talk zero action.
Maybe we should all #BoycottWellsFargoBank. What they did was just criminal. Ruining peoples credit without their knowledge.
Explain to us why you pay $35K a month for your children to go to school? No one is buying you bull you fake Indian.
Need to vote out every Senator during the Obama Scam...its about accountability
gold star I think this is up to WellsFargo and the people and NOT YOU let them deal with the issue at hand and keep you nose out of it
Way to go Warren stir the pot that is ALL you are good for in the first place since YOU don't do anything else but that you should get a
Put your eyes on Trump and his Administration.  He is going to kill us all!
U should hear ur self Sen Warren. U r part of the problem like all the politicians.
Are you attending Obama's 400,000 wall street speech? Hypocrisy equals liberal
How about we vote you out?
#Pocahontas
Where are the laws that would hold anyone accountable. Neck if a corporation is a person send the whole business to jail.
Then you should step down also! You are NOT who we are.
fact @WellsFargo is as full of criminals as a Clinton fundraiser
first time you have ever said something I agree with
Why aren't you saying anything about Obama getting $400,000 to make a speech for Wall Street firm??  Ohhhh the irony!!!!! Hypocrites
Voting Them out I don't believe is the Answer. Maybe hitting them in the pocket is with Suspension
What's your excuse POCAHONTAS UR whole education is stolen by way of lies and deception. Turn in your resignation NOW 
You still considered to be part of the Comanche or Apache tribe? We forget...
The taxpayers need to investigate where you've got your wealth????!?!?!!!!
Citizen's should vote out every elected politician for failure to run the country in a responsible manner.
Are we to take accountability advice from a Caucasian Native American? How are you identifying today, chief?
So who is the FBI arresting in this scam Don't worry b Trump will not let u do any thing to his friends,You  just talk the talk do nothing
Just like the Dems? Let's see them be held accountable.
Lmao, you suddenly want to talk about accountability? I guess when it's not about you it's easier to do. Coward
What incentive do shareholders have? As long as they're raking in the money, nothing will change. And @WellsFargo knows it.
Miss Warren, I agree. Just like the American people voted out the Dems. They too have very little accountability. Get to work.
Talk is cheap right Liz!
Yes Ms Warren and you should have included your gratuitous second mortgage in your federal filings to your employer, Massachusettes voters!
Unless they are part Native American like yourself
I know they screwed us. We put up with them for long enough for them to hurt us.
Unfortunately they will probably pay them millions to leave. Unconscionable.
Shareholders do government's job? We are getting tired of all these east coast values. I hate Trump and Congress ready to vote everyone out
Yes it is
There should be a mandatory 30 day jail term for corporate officials if the scam exceeds $1 Million.
1 Haven't been able to trust them since it was brought to light that they repossed  hundreds of service members cars
Yeah, yeah, we get. They've paid more $ out than god to make up for their mistakes. Plus they took zero money during the crash in '08. #next
@SenWarren nobody listens 2 ur screech voice. Pays women staffers $20,000 less then men staffers. I believe in equal rights for women 2-face
Where were you when all this fraud was going on in the first place ?
I have divested myself... and my money. So Sad, So Unfair
Vote out???   They should all be fired (all of the top management too!).  No golden parachute.   NOTHING NOT A SINGLE PENNY!   Shame!
I could get behind some Wells Fargo execs going to jail... Without the golden parachute.
They can't fire all of them!  Who is going to write those Democrat campaign check?
how about some jailtime for once
Someone please take this idiot out of her misery  TRUMP
The same goes for everyone in the Government. . .
And you should be removed as well
I desperately want to move my mortgage from Wells Fargo, but cannot. It was sold to WF from the prior holder. Nothing I could do.
I'm sorry you feel this way. Is there something I can look into for you? Please DM me with details about your concern (no acct #). ^CC
No. I want absolutely no further assistance from WF. You can't even secure my online account. I've been locked out literally dozens of times
I understand. Please don’t hesitate to reach out to me should you need assistance in the future. ^AS
Americans should also vote out every senator that's been in office for more than 8 years. You're like the pot calling the kettle black Liz.
How about your new book how is it doing ??
Again, sounds just like the present-day US government vis-á-vis the Trump administration.
Pochantas what do you know about accountability seriously!  American Indian yeah right
Hey feather head why don't you try reading responses to your tweets and you might say no one is with you
Still waiting for Jamie Dimon to go to prison @Chase
Its hard to expect corporations to hold themselves to a higher standard rhan the prezident. This is our new depressing reality.
What do you about accountability ? Lmao you do everything to line your deep pockets at the cost of Ma residents .
Nice concept everyone in congress that lies and cheats and does nothing should be voted out that would take care of about 90% of you
Wells Fargo stock is up nearly 25% in 12 months. Shareholders & retirement accounts are pretty happy with the board I would guess dummy.
Agreed! Used their bank for yrs. Never had unauthorized accounts opened, but witnessed very shady, anti-customer, inconsistent treatment.
Like when you're up for reelection and the voters vote you out?!
Wells Fargo is as dirty as they come.  They try to squeeze every cent they can out of everyone.
Another win for the Senator (not).  The full board has been reelected.  Again, she knew this but decided to grandstand for her own benefit!
I doubt Wells Fargo cares, but I am closing my Wells Fargo checking account and moving my 401k.
Pls we can see the good work you are doing for the people but as a democrat who cares I fear what may happen if it is repealed...
I was a regular church goer  and I know what it say like to be brain washed and fully believe the pastor even against my will...
the democrats may never win an election again..  Because pastors will brainwash and mind control their members...  Please
Pls fight against the repeal of Johnson amendment and tell democrats too...  It's a serious issue... If it is repealed ...
Let's talk about all the homeowners that lost their homes due to this crooked /cheating co! 
Hi, Michelle. I'd like to review what happened in more detail. Please DM some more information (no account numbers). Thanks. ^SJ
Citizens should vote out all of these senators
Why do the republicans keep getting away with this stuff, it's illegal! Are there no laws anymore? No accountability?
Republicans? You mean hillary and her friends
Despicable bank. Go straight to jail.
I can now go to wells fargo without being bombarded with tough sales pitches.  Not even the employees liked it.  CEO's Learned their lesson?
If we follow the Democrat model here, getting voted out doesnt mean the message will be recieved.
They screwed my 90+ y/o Dad w that. Had 6 accts. BTW- constituent loving your service!
You should give Harvards it's money back and publicly apologize to real native americans. You're a fraud.
How about VOTE you OUT! Pocahontas!
I will do nothing that you recommend.  Because you and your party are wrong on virtually everything.
shares will no longer exist when $ and private possession got banned, cannibalism should not existremember judgement day?
Senator how do you feel about Obama pocketing $440,000 from Wall Street for doing a speech???
Smart. It didn't come from RT
they're not too good for prison
