Good
They all got to Abilene and forgot why they went
So if article is accurate we have a 5 year old as POTUS! "If I can't have my way, no one can" he said with arms folded & bottom lip out!


It's high time that Senators like you find out who's pulling his strings, and cut them. Whose pocket is he in? Please look into that.
I don't understand why they want to dump a plan that gave healthcare to millions?
That's great Liz. Now we can continue being screwed by the liberal progressive dems like you.
More pasta on the boil ready to be thrown on the walls.
No one wants the rich to get big TAX cuts
@SenWarren @seanhannity So we're in limbo whileyou f'ing Pols point fingers. No wonder your approval rating is below OJ Simpsons!!!
It is a party thing nothing to do with what the Dems say! I will as a Dem vote across party lines until someone gets it right?
THE "SINISTER" THOUGHTS & THINKING ... THAT GOES THROUGH McCONNELL & THESE CREATURES MINDS ... RAISES THE HAIR ON THE BACK OF MY NECK!!
The baby is throwing their toys out of the pram. Why is the GOP throwing a hissy fit? When did politicians become so mean-spirited?
They became that way after we elected a black president! They fought him all the way. Now we have a bafoom in that office
So now they have a @FAKEPRESIDENT and he's a @FAKEREPUBLICAN are they happy now?
Yay!!!! PLEASE KEEP UP THE FIGHT !!!! We must all FIGHT !!
Did Mel Brooks write the scripts for the @GOP this is some funny stuff
How do you not just bust out in #Hamilton lyrics to mock them?  #Youdonthavethevotes
Thanks for ruining our country
We need new, collaborative leaders in both parties.Pols MUST work across aisle for people-not reelection. Both Pelosi and McConnell must go.
Treason in the Rose Garden https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
Deplorables hate this song. Share it , resist https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
And it'sYOUR Obama care which will leave millions broke without insurance!!YOUR ACA!!! And you did nothing but bitch w/o fixing it for YEARS
I'm hearing hints of defunding - a way to get rid of ACA
Obamacare isn't Affordable and the broken Promise of No Deductions https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HIVqInMfghA … TERM LIMITS 
When does he move on to "Plan D" and just fucking die?
And they certainly don't have the intelligence to write a bill that works for all parties.
They are not interested in working for all parties. I don't understand why the top 1% deserve a tax cut & the rest of us deserve nothing.
That's why you are one of the rest of us.
What's clear is Dimms obstruction. Dimm's large gov't that steals from the people. And bankrupts Gov't programs, to fill their rabbit holes
And this makes u happy anything to obstruct and hold the American people down your a waste of time and money back to the reservation
@thomaskaplan Trump should give every citizen a waiver by executive order! Then we would have a choice! Not a mandate!

E Warren happy Obamacare lives despite pain it is inflicting on working Americans! Sad!
The Republican Cult has to make sere  that 1% gets their tax cut that's why they're talking about repeal & replace later tax cut now
Hallelujah!
Stuck with really bad Democrat laws, I guess. -
Maybe you'll help on a real solution after it is repealed.
And we're paying you to take care of stuff too just remember that.
Stop obstructing & work w\ them for ALL Americans. Care about the average middle class American.
I don't know why @SenateMajLdr doesn't just stand up and say "casualties are an acceptable sacrifice in this fight".
You never know what they will do next.
@elizabethforma Massachusetts is lucky to have you fighting on our behalf... we've got your back!
They're gonna drag this thing on and on until it's somehow approved. SMH. Their plans to send Americans to the grave early must go on
It's time for the Senate GOP to find a leader who will work to create bipartisan solutions for the American people, NOT special interests
Once again Elizabeth did you say this? Do you condone the rape of women by Muslim men?
When do we get to Plan 9?
Mitch go home and stay there! You don't play nice with others or for others
I think the GOP want to keep their jobs. Midterms?
AMEN!!!
Know what else is abundantly clear, your partner in crime, HRC, is a murderous freak:
Thank you, Lord God! 
Shoddop.
Time for Mitch to RETIRE
It's long overdue.
Ptifully desperate...quit while you are ahead
They do if they go with a simple majority
And it was female senators who found their backbones (and hearts)!
He is an embarrassment to our bluegrass state! I will continue to vote against him at every election.
Good on you!
No, we do not want a repeal now replace later.
We The Ppl R tired of #childrenofthecorn &many of the talking heads #FakeNews of @GOP medical Bill shut up.With myth& Lies #MAGA
It's SAD that our so called president can work w/Russia to get elected yet republicans can't work with democrats on health care
And you know damn well that if they only repeal, they will NEVER get around to replacing it.
It's abundantly  clear you have zero negotiating skills.
Except they've scheduled a vote?
Why is M. McConnell letting the President push him and us off a cliff? Is his wife's job threatened?
Desperation shows true intent.
A democracy is flawed when the 'agenda' of a political ideology is allowed to override the will of the voters that democracy represents.
Thank You Senator Warren! Big hype for 8yrs but not ready to do anything positive for the American ppl 
So we need a bunch of you loser liberals to support the putting to test of Obamacare HEAVY! Put it out of its misery! MAGA!
CBO says repeal w/o replace is actually EVEN WORSE. 32M kicked off coverage, 100% increase in premiums ... JHC!
Thanks for your hard work, Senator!
WHEN ARE DEM GOING TO GET IT THROUGH THEIR THICK SKULLS The Lib Hysteria is you want us the hard working taxpays to pay for leech's #MAGA
over 6 months party of NO has accomplished NOTHING
So much winning!
@blackston426 
If you ask me there beating a dead horse the Republican need to throw in the towel.
They have definitely lost the ability to work together to find a way to resolve the issues with the ACA 

I guess everyone just stays home who's on SNAP!
When these guys get ousted by the people, we will get what we want.
Now they want "Work for SNAP." Are u kidding me! Don't you think people receiving SNAP are already trying to find good work?! #
We will fight the Republican Tax Cut Plan just as much as we fought to Protect Our Care! Repub. Plan is all about Tax Cuts for Rich Friends
what is clear is that the turtle cannot use obscure senate rules to shut the american up. keep fighting the good fight!
And God forbid you getting off your high horse (which I paid for) and help the President. He is not a trained viper like y'all are
#DitchMitch
@SenateMajLdr is on the very verge of being broken....completely incompetent
A lame duck administration six months in.
Won't. Pass.  Senators grew a conscience.
The repeal plan is already DEAD, thx to Sens. Collins, Capito, Murkowski, and Portman. Trump is a traitor. Why even waste time voting?
BY THE SAME WAY WE RAISE AND LOWER INTEREST RATES; THIS TAX CUT ISSUE SHOULD BE APPROACHED!
Tax cut for TOP ONE PERCENT should get 1% of the votes - tax break for middle class workers (ONLY) should get the other 99
A TAX CUT WITH A INCREASE IN NATIONAL MINIMUM WAGE !WOULD STIMULATE THE ECONOMY !BUT ONLY A LOW MARGIN ;IS SAFE; AND WISE!
But please for the grace of intelligent design ..do the math .make it sustainable
Will see...
The Republicans have no intention of replacing anything.
Try to keep up grandma.
Very bad idea
#StopMcConnell #NoGoingNuclear #FireMcConnell #ImpeachTrump
They are grasping.... oops thin air
Oh goodie. Now we still can't afford health insurance. #Dingbats
There is NO "Caring" in this bill @SenateGOP except placating the wealthy. #VoteNoRepeal #SaveACA
I've said from the beginning, GOP has no intention of replacing ACA with anything. Looks like they still plan to go that route.
they don't have the votes and they don't have SOULS! #EnoughIsEnough
Good forbid the #dems do something to help the American people no they just line their pockets thanks #Pocahontas
The GOP has nothing new to offer
They are stuck with old thinking and utterly lack both imagination and empathy
They can solve no problems.
time 4 both sides to work together to help all Americans, PERIOD @IndivisibleTeam @PoliticalDiscor @nytimes
Just let it die and we can go to free markets.
Keep dreaming socailist pig fart!
Maybe there are consequences for being deeply unpopular after all, @GOP.
You happy about that..U should be ashamed for putting the American ppl through this turmoil with health care.  Fix it or walk on out of D.C.
The evil will continue to reign on the working class. They will never stop! Their greed far outweighs any compassion they may have had.
What are your plans on the fixes needed for the ACA? I know you don't have the votes needed yet, but it would sure be nice to try
Ain't over till the fat lady sings Liz. It isn't a game w voters. Ur playing games w lives. Voters will remember how Dems did them wrong.
Dems?  You got the wrong group
Aww!  Lizzie wants to cry. Poor little Litzy--yes I changed her name to Litzy. Talk about a "Swamp Dog Bitch". Senator Litzy Crying Warren
But Obamacare is being sabotaged! What's going to happen then?
Thankful for leadership who actually represent the people and not their own interests!
Please make sure that Mitch doesn't get his way lets just try to vote them all out in 2018 NO MORE MITCH
Plan D: McConnell goes back into his shell and gets flipped upside down. 
Thank you! That was funny!
Gotta laugh to keep from crying!
It is ostensive that the Dems is a no party just like the reps in 2008. Congress is a disgrace to the American people.
I tell you what honey they take all my income tax they collecting American immigrants bloody of Taxi we need our money God knows everything
They aren't done. There is no way they are done coming for healthcare.
Would repeal take older children off their parents insurance & then deny coverage if there are preexisting conditions? #healthcare
Yes
The Majority has spoken. Sorry Mitch. Try a bipartisan approach. #tookoneonthedoublechin
Bernie Sanders Single Payer Bill, 46% of republicans are for it, why isn't this on the floor right now with full dem support.
@realDonaldTrump heard no from Canadians today too! @SenSanders don't you love it?
Thank you Canada! If only it was that easy for us to get rid of him! 
Thank god for all the lives this will save.
...now we get rid of Tbone, McConnell and Ryan 
Sadly, for the first time, you may be right.
.......and wholly unaccetable.
#RepealTrump
This Republican Party is a joke!  Keep fighting the good fight Senator Warren!! 
There is a God.
#RepealTrump
What are the clear steps forward to improve failing aspects of the ACA?
Great question, I hope you receive a reply 
Come on @SenateDems let’s get this man some answers
