So why is @jeffsessions even there after he perjured himself before #Congress about his #Russian conversions? Why?
Don't wait.
Agreed. Enough is enough. Please don't let this continue. Time for articles of impeachment. #ImpeachTrump
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
#NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW #NOW

now
#sallyyates #jimcomey Who's next? You can't fire EVERYONE! @KeithOlbermann @billmaher @jaketapper
No, what we need is someone who will finally prosecute Hillary Clinton!
Hahaha....TRUMP WINS AGAIN!!!!#
U need 2 beam on back up to the moon honey! Been in this political world 4 very long time & stupidity of Left now is of historic proportions
At least we aren't traitors to our own country. Like you.
OMG...U r so mixed up. We r the party that is FOR America first. We have never had a POTUS that loves this country like Trump does.
The AHCA will give him and his millionaire friends a huge tax cut while kicking 24 million people off insurance.
Easy there, poke-a-haunt-us...  
And where are you going to find somebody so pure, so objective, so unbiased, so dispassionate, so smart?  Everybody is viciously polarized.
WHY CANT HE BE IMPEACHED?!
Because @GOP have majority in House and Senate and they believe in party over country.
And you believe in stupidity & lies over the law and logic.Get the hell out of here. NO CRIME, NO PUNISHMENT! Warren is a communist/agitator
Obstruction is definitely on the table now. Also keep in mind 3 years from the Watergate break in until Nixon resigned. Have patience.
Continue living in your fantasy world-keep hoping as well.If you don't understand the absurdity of your words, there's nobody who can help U
Not seeking any help. I appreciate the concern though.
Just wanted to help-see how nice and kind I am,but as always, liberals are missing on so much,including being good to&appreciative of others
we need it last year!!!
How do we make that happen? Lead the way!
You don't want anyone inependent you want someone you can pay off and control. Don't pretend you are any better than Trump
@Sara Tumminelli1 What flavor was your Kool-Aid? And yes, we ARE better than Trump.
How will you make that happen @SenWarren? R u prepared to fight every day for it? Stop senate business for it?
Senator Warren is more outspoken and has done more for Massachusetts than most of the other wimps have said or done for their states!
There's noting to DO for that state. It's fine. She needs to work for the nation, but she doesn't do anything but tweet. No action.
The state is fine because of senators like her. Because MA residents make wise choices. She does speak out...but against a type of Taliban!
Don't forget, she was told to shut up and sit down by McConnell when trying to prevent Sessions' AG appointment.
because she was not making sense and embarassing herself
Reading a letter from MLK's wife is embarrassing & doesn't make sense? Get real! If she were on LSD, she'd make more sense than any of @GOP
Can we have them look into your past deeds?
Sen Warren, PLEASE tell us what can, or will really happen around this? I'm horrified and numb. My country is held hostage by tyranny.
That's what we said last year re: #HillaryEmailsBut its more important now? 
#BernieWouldveWon if #Comey recommended charges on HRC
What's the matter? You don't think @IvankaTrump will do a good job as the new director of the FBI?
That is ridiculous
great, but who and how do we make that happen?
Ok well then get the Senate to pass one
We meed a senator who can get off her butt and get something done.
NOW! WE NEED IT NOW!
stop wasting everyone's time and money,there's nothing there,fix healthcare you screwed up,it's killing us
No. you need an FBI director who the president can't fire, but people can. Stupid.
You have done nothing but be divisive. #GoAwayPocahontasPlease
You need a team, at least three with equal rank, so when the first is murdered in a convenient mugging, the work does not falter.
Elizabeth Warren, always the trouble maker, aways the devider, never the healer,  never the unifier.  I hear that her voters are fed up.
What do we do to make sure that happens?
Right on!
Finally now maybe Clinton will be prosecuted as she should have been last year! President Trump has done nothing wrong. Stop your witch hunt
Specify which crime she should be prosecuted for? Gowdy and Chaffetz found none. U have intel...?
Comey specifically stated that a lot of evidence against her was found last year. Did I not watch it? They just replayed part of it on tv.
He specifically said no evidence of a crime. Recently recanted for exaggerating number of emails.
Maybe you can share some stories about you Native heritage and the things they went through? I have some!
Hey #fauxcahontas try to tell truth, don't foreclose on any more servicemen
We're so split down the middle, that at this point, that is virtually impossible.  We need to promote fr within the FBI.  The leakers are...
(4) do you seriously think the FBI would let him stay in office? No I don't think so!
The people need to act, our government is clearly not going to act!
Amen, Senator.
That will be someone you & crony DC  can't control.
I will be fair to all Republican's and all Demoturds I mean Demo Rats wait I mean you people.
I will do it for you.
Stop ruining America
ONE WORD FOR @realDonaldTrump IMPEACHMENTIMPEACHMENTIMPEACHMENTIMPEACHMENTIMPEACHMENTIMPEACHMEMT IM SORRY LONG MEANINGFUL WORD.
Well Lizzie, you got Mueller.  Here it is Sept 1, and he still has nothing.  How much longer you gonna divide the country with witchhunt?
You are mad because u lost, so get over it. Act like an American. You are helping to destroy this country. We are not a Socialist country!
Americans will get our country back from the progressives/liberals. All you are doing is delaying the inevitable. Do u believe in God?
You cannot fire someone that is investigating your campaign that is not how things work in this country.
Apparently it is now
@jeanmarh20 @realDonaldTrump Sessions isn't supposed to be involved in this at all
How can sessions be involved??  He recused himself, right??
Sessions recommended he be fired I don't care what he did still invoked
Sessions and tRump's hands are all over this--stop #TrumpRussia investigation at all costs.
We need to get Ryan McConnell and Cornyn out of office that will start civility  back in government

Yates. Get Yates.
Laughable. These are people that come from money and have money. If people think they care they are wrong. This is for their ego.

Warren for President 2021!
To investigate Hillary or Obama?
Ok so what is the process for this? Lay it out for us, tweets like this are farts in the wind. Enough is enough! You have actual power.
these tweets and @SenSanders tweets really piss me off. Just a lot of hot air.
No original ideas- they just bitch and moan. Nothing to bring to the table. That's why they're slowly disappearing.
AG chooses indep prosecutor. That means trump and sessions will choose. We need federal indictments. Now. Seize and freeze assets
Sessions can not be part of decision.it is up to deputy AG.
Agree, Susan Rice, James Clapper and Hilary Clinton need to be investigated. Only "muzzle" needed is for your Pocahontas lying mouth! #MAGA
So, you're only worried about one "lying" mouth and not the other? Tisk Tisk Gary.
Thought Sessions recused himself from the investigation! Oh right, that would require him to follow protocols! My bad!
You are misinformed the recommendation came from Obama appointed Deputy AG or didn't you do your homework?!?!
Is Ken Starr available?
Ken Starr? How about Joseph McCarthy? At least this time the threat is real.
That was my point. Give Kenn Starr something worthwhile investigate
I know. I was joking. Something along the lines of "the enemy of my enemy is my friend". This is the worst it's ever been.
How about J. Edgar Hoover in a taffeta evening gown
Yes Pocahontas just like the DOJ under holder.Theyre very political.I didn't hear you chanting that when holder was covering for Pres obama
What the country needs is for liberal fascists like you shut up and work on the economy. Your faux outrage as phony as your Indian heritage.
I agree Liz!! We need to put that slimy piece of trash with the initials "HRC" in prison.
If only it was you.
Cmon bud. Comey may have done things that from both of our perspectives we don't agree with, but a cover up is simply not true.
Woooot!!! YES! Looking forward to it homie! And for the record I hope you don't feel like I called you out or anything.
you Democrats are a bunch of hypocrites
it's not working everybody sees through your bullshit your dishonesty and it's not working at all OK it's just despicable, tell the truth.
How do we get one and what can citizens do?
You will have to wait until Sergey is done with his inspection of #NewRussia
As a Canadian I am shocked at the dictator you have in office.Pence uses his religion as a shield of hate. This is not what God intented.
Hey @SenWarren , remember when you and muddy Maxine waters said the FBI director has no credibility? I do.
And a real prosecutor who will go after Hillary Obama and anyone connected to George Soros which Means YOU
truth with fangs
WE need to investigate YOU.
All the liberals should pack up and GTFOH! MOVE TO FRANCE
But we didn't need a special prosecutor for Hillary?
how do we make that happen already? He turned us into an anything goes free for all,as if he can not be stopped.@OccupyDemocrats
He running this like he on the Apprentice.  I am so sick of this.
You start off on the wrong end at every election having to choose superwealthy people of whom it is hard to assess how they acquired it.1/2
You need the GOP to stop protecting Trump & remember Country before Party
Ill do it.... i have no experience but that foesnt matter to be president so why should it matter here.
Oh C'mon Senator. Get Real..
Yes we do. Please do more than just tweet, Senator Warren
You're the least effective and yet loudest wet noodle in office. Thanks for nothing Democrats.
I'll do it already geez
You have been told that there was nothing. You on the left are so afraid Trump will be successful.
ok so how do we make this happen...yesterday?
Clapper testified under Oath there is no collusion with Trump and Russia.  Obama would have known. Unless Obama is a Russian stooge now. 
Like the 1 4 the @HillaryClinton investigationS? Oh, no, that's when Comey was muzzled/silenced, causing firing!
Is it still a coup if you are the president? 
Everyone keeps saying this @SenWarren but who is it that can make that happen?
Right,Sen.Warren and many of us r doing what we can but feel frustrated because our voices aren't being heard!
We need you to resign from office immediately!
yes
to investigate Obama and his minions malfeasance
Are you ever going to be less of a complete joke? You're easily the worst senator our great state has ever had. Dems in despair. Laughable
Who will work to enforce the laws of this country. Immigration laws being a few of them.
But we won't get one. #complicit
I agree we need a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary!! Well said!!!
Yes! But how can we help to make it happen?
Lol
Agreed.  But "whom".
Sen Warren, Who would you suggest? I agree 
Looking forward to re-tweeting images of you in hijab for #WatersWarren2020, you opportunistic charlatan.
Where was that with Benghazi. Oh yeah a liberal was in charge
ever notice the carpet in the chambers of the house and senate?  I'd like to see what all has been swept under it.
Why isn't an independent prosector being called? The American people are angry right now. Livid.
#treygowdy is the one.
How can we stop TRUMPELTHINSKIN from putting in a "STOOGE" to keep him safe?    Tell us how we can help
EW. We need you to go away. We need it now!
We needed it a year ago.
Along with some tax returns.
 #LIZ .... Can't figure out 
Who is the  #BIGGEST #PUTZ 
#YOU OR #MAXINE !!!

#KooKoo 
Putin's installed dictator and his gang should be imprisoned.  This is America, not Russia.
You all ready do when its an investigation having to do with the president it is on the us marshals office to conduct the investigation
Settle down.  You're just use to being in charge for the last 8 yrs.  New sheriff in town and draining the swamp!
I wholeheartedly agree with @SenWarren on this topic #IndependentInvestigation
@kim @realDonaldTrump America is counting on you to safeguard our democracy. Don't le t Trump do this to us!
Truth is truth its not a bipartisan issue. Seems like Republicans forget.
We certainly DO. And ASAP!!
Why not do it yourself?
You're a loony bird and a has been. The sky is falling.
We need EW in our corner now more than ever
Why don't you appoint a prosecutor who will investigate the crimes that Comey admitted Hillary committed?
Why were Sessions' fingerprints all over this? Does he not understand what "recuse" means? He should be investigated and removed.
Yes!
Why do we have to wait? The man has earned impeachment already!
Hush hush Pocahontas. Nothing about you is real.
Fauxcahontas is a #RussianBirther
I believe you meant to say we need a real president. Someone who cares about people and their success, not just themselves or their friends.
Best 100 days a president has ever had. Congress needs filtered. They are the real agenda. Don't blame Russia...blame Hillary. #indictboth
Obama will be the first ex-president to go down.  The Dems are finished.
Is Archibald Cox available?
Hey Pocahontas your a fraud and do nothing, resign
Talk to @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlakeAZ to bring a floor vote in the morning.
@WizKaliko @realDonaldTrump what are Woodward & Bernstein up to these days?
Pocahontas talks to much bull Shit!!!!
When dreams come true...
Say it loud and clear until GOP can no longer ignore
Winter is coming.
So what will you do about it? What can do to help?
Maybe you can call on your spirit animal to guide you to the correct person. #colorsofthewind
But it's ok when it's your side doing the firing and intimidating and muzzling. Hmmm .....
Yes!
Shut up already. Your propaganda machine has been exposed and rejected.
We have been calling for this for some time. Nothing happens. Enough words. NO business as usual in DC until we see action. @SenFeinstein
and you need to do whatever you can to shut down the senate until one arrives. it also may be time to declare this presidency untenable.
You should have a muzzle, goddamn lunatic. What's your Indian name, "Lies On Applications"?
Trump needs to get impeached or resign.  Pence and Ryan need to join him.
TO GET HILLARY ET AL...
@3L3V3NTH @realDonaldTrump And a leader of the #RESISTANCE#
To investigate: Innuendo? Rumor? Conjecture? Give it a rest "Senator Who Speaks with Forked Tongue"
But Fauxahontas, you HATED him when he ruined HiLIAR's chances of becoming POTUS, didn't you?
An independent prosector would not be above or shielded from intimidation, gagging or corruption
PipeDreams
when is he going to be impeached?????
And can really investigate Hillary!
True True Will President #45  do what is right for the Office ?
Trump is no stranger to civil courts. It's the criminal courts he wishes to shy away from and with good reason.
You won't get an independent prosecutor when @SenateMajLdr is in the pocket of Trump with wife in Cabinet
Democrats never shut their mouths since the Election sore loosers.
Senator, stop tweeting about it, and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. We are tired of these empty words from you D.C. people. TAKE ACTION!
Yes we need it right now and never mind leaks and classified this and that.  Lay it on the table NOW
I think Sally Yates is looking for work.  You should call her.
Senator I usually find myself on the opposing position, but not on this. I am lock step in sync with you, please tell Sen Hatch I said so
We needed one with the balls to prosecute Hillary!
we do! But what can I do, you're the Senator, what are you going to do?
I agree let's end this nightmare Sen Warren
We need one who can muzzle you
Need is understatement - HOW does this get done lawfully NOW? We have heard this for months!  ACTIONS speak louder than WORDS.
#ImpeachTrump
*"Who the Democrats get to vet and appoint first to make sure he won't come after us. He'll TOTALLY be independent and fair though!"
AMEN!!!
The time is now. The cause is justice. The Tuesday Night Massacre should be the beginning of the end for #Trump
Preach it #Fauxcahontas
#DueProcess

no you need evidence first, 
prosecution isnt the basis of investigation
evidence is the basis of prosecution
Keep fighting Senator! We support you, even in PA!!
Ay Ana!  How much longer, chica!
