Believe lies? You mean like Jesus, religion,heaven, and he'll? Today's kids are far more intelligent than you could ever be.
Like evolution, climate change, islamophobia, or gender pronouns? Kids have time to choose what they will believe. The letters were coerced
This was not directed to me, Evolution and Climate change are facts. People afraid of Islam don't know what their afraid of.
.@el_kanon Evolution is change in allele frequency of a population over generations. Observable. Testable. A fact.
Micro evolution is correct. Prove that we evolved across species?
You mean that a few liberal teachers imposed their will on  innocent children and forced them to take part in their political games?
Children will lead the way maybe we should lower the voting age!
commicrat, I love how you Republicans have to make up names so cute. All were have to say is liar and psychopath
The children today will be an active resistance 2deniers subversiveness / stupidity 2undermine climate concerns 4short term economic gain
If you indoctrinate them early with your lies then you are correct. I hope you have no kids of your own.
Pretending it doesn't exist doesn't eliminate the threat & these kids seem to know it.  But, its us adults who'll have to fight the fight.
Bigger problem... the debt that will never get paid. Teach fiscal responsibility too.
Pish-fucking-posh!  Folk start whimpering abt debt until a war opportunity, then get the credit card! Planet dying>debt, add that up.
PS response ws 4other readers, not 2the troll. Arguing w trolls is lk playing poker w chimps. They just shit on the cards & think they won.
PSS: Sen Warren ws a Harvard prof of commercial law, so she cld prolly school a few trolls on finance & bankruptcy if they needed some tips.
Harvard law professor... didn't she claim Native American status for that because someone in her family had high cheekbones.. seems legit
Harvard debunked that Karl Rove lie five years ago but you Republicans are too thick headed .
Obviously not. She's 1/32 if anything . Not eligible for any status
You r a sick bigot, who cares only for the RICH and you lie to the middle class & poor & some actually believe u
ONLY cause they're being BRAINWASHED by the LEFTY Secular School Faculty ---  Hey have u told the kids UR NOT a REAL POCAHONTAS???  
Yes, you're right. Dinosaurs roamed the Earth 10,000 years ago. Adam used to ride one to visit Eve for date nights.
You forgot to mention that Al Gore predicted sea levels would rise 20 feet by 2016.  Oppsie. Sometimes the truth sucks, huh Fauxcohontas
Harvard debunked the Karl Rove Indian lie five years ago so grow up and stop to stupid name calling . spellcheck
Pledge of allegiance is discouraged and in some places banned in public school. But we have time for pushing this agenda. Sad sad sad sad
Where is the Pledge of allegiance discouraged?  Climate change is an agenda? And please only respond with facts..
Climate change is a theory. Not a fact. The agenda comes from alarmists trying to say it's a scientific law like gravity.
So, why is breathing clean air bad for you?
stop brainwashing innocent young people with global warming/climate change or whatever it's labeled now hoax.
Your IQ is showing
No evidence of an iq for you. Sad
Mrs Warren when will you release your "taxes"???
Here we go with the name calling. That's a lunatic liberal for you.
Scary  when a 12 yr old  is smarter than  the President
not 2 mention kinder
A Lexington HS  student explained that we've seen less than 1° since 1880. Does this sound like warming to you?
These kids sound amazing and smarter than our current president. These kids make the future look bright!
Blah Blah Blah. Man made climate change is a scam. There are 100's of SCIENTIFIC articles that refute the alarmist's claims.
Does 1 volcano change the climate more than all the combustion engines in the US.  You seem to miss that.
Bravo!   Very wonderful message back to the children.  Thank you so much. Excellent job  @SenWarren
You are such an awesome women & you inspire me every day!!!
We really need to resist the trolls
You leftist love brainwashing kids don't You?
You alt/right wing extremist are nothing more than terrorist. You fill kids head with religious BS, to slow their learning. Don't have kids
science is not religious BS.moron Religious BS is calling yourself Christian and supporting  Trump
Using kids to persuade climate change is a All Time Low.We need new teachers if there do essays like this.
Daniel Shull, u do have 30 years of proof to support your uneducated post, right? Cause Scientific Proof is what teachers use, not politics.
REAL SCIENTISTS have proven climate change is NOT man made. STOP SCHOOLS TEACHING THE LIES & you won't get those letters!
where could I locate this proof you speak of? Just simply asking the source of your info cause all scientific journals say it's man made.

Why do you hate the earth? Do you think it's healthy to poison the planet with too much CO2, methane, fracking, oil in the oceans? Seriously
You are a great and powerful woman
Just wondering why you say that?  All I have seen is @SenWarren fighting for us
I thought she was fighting for her people? Which would be the Cherokee according to her.
The Kochs' influence in our political system will undo any inroads that the previous admin made re climate change. #citizensunited must go.
I thought it was Bush's fault? Finally moving on Binky?
#climatechange #climatemarch
Science isn't settled by big-mouths with big signs. Just sayin...
The kids know more than the administration because they believe in science
You know how you solve climate change? You don't It's a natural process of the Earth You can solve pollution through proper garbage disposal
@SenWarren climate change is just like you, a fraud. Both make Americans suffer from excessive amounts of fallacy.
My kids are busy learning rather than being puppets.
Get out of Gov! You cause more problems then help! People like you are tearing the country from the inside out! Get help
Climate money making scheme.
What's with the stupid camera angles?
She thinks of ways to Lie 2the American people. Time 4 u 2 retire. Term limits. It's time 2 Git those Dino's out of office.
@SecretarySonny lunch policy>child abuse & sb prosecuted 4 violation>the public's trust!more Orwellian GOP genocidal policies lk Trump Care
Get a real job lady u dont know what the word work is until u do the actual thing
And driving cars.  This is exactly the two-faced, hypocritical bullshit that I am tired of!  2/2
You don't give a shit about 'climate change' anymore than the next person.  I'll believe it when you quit flying in planes 1/2
The earth has been around for 4.5 Billion yrs. I find it EXTREMELY hard to believe that we, (that have been here a lot less) are killing it!
Climate change is fake. Stop brainwashing kids.
You are The Bomb!  Keep it up. #MyHero

a manufactured event which you claim is "proof" of something?  At least you are consistent.
Wait you know Elizabeth Warren calling herself native American  because  she has "high cheek bones" is textbook #racist #racist #trump #maga
Yeah, and they did that ALL on heir own? Right.
"WORK IT" GIRL! In my @MissyElliott voice... I SUPPORT THOSE WHO DO WORK TO GROW A BETTER PEOPLE & HELP THOSE WHO CANT DO IT! @UPbility
You are awesome! Thank you for your service! 
Don't ever change Elizabeth Warren. I like you just away you are. Smart.
Whatever ????  Looney Tunes
Did you tell them you want to cut them open?
Drill baby drill, get that oil before our enemies do.
Let's see. Wild eyes believe in their global warming god, but still encourage poor to overpopulate..more children, more  $$$$$$  from dems
if you really believe in climate change turn off all the lights in your office and go live in a lean to in the woods. Pretty please already!
Those papers in her hands are blank. Nice try worthless Warren.
No confidence senator warren

★Links  For Children, Parents And Educators★
 http://wisdom-sa.blogspot.com/2014/10/anna-and-animals-links-for-school-age.html …
You mean they were trained by there teachers to think that way
climate change? How about respect for parents,teachers and law enforcement
You should have been authentic to your heritage and sent your response back in smoke signals. Traitor! #fauxcahontas
God bless - you are a light in the darkness - even if you were "told" to shut up - yes Mitch is an asshole ! Best to you
Read what you said today Ms Warren, you are simply a horrible human being.
Schools should educate not indoctrinate.
Ignorant to think that 200 years since industrial revolution the planet that's been around for millions of yrs has changed that much.

Oh thank you so much Senator Warren, you're so brave, oops, sorry!
Senator, you're way off the reservation in this one, oops, sorry!
I love that you responded to kids' letters!
Yeah, I'm so sure it was their idea.
Lying Idiot American Indian Warren the climate changes about 4 times a year and has been changing since the beginning of time idiot
And the liberal education system has an agenda like where are you when freedom of speech is stopped. Lying American Indian Idiot Warren
I'm so proud of president Trump, God Bless America...I love winning

Sounds like something their teachers made them write
Please educate and don't indoctrinate!!!
You are trying to take away an entire generation's free choice
@MAHAMOSA
Thank you for all your hard work. I support you in your efforts to save our environment
They better write quickly before DeVos catches them as she burns all books referencing climate change or evolution!
Mrs Warren. Kids are scared because of the slanderous speech coming from you and theDems. Rest assured kids, the president is on top of this
You should have told them that climate change is false, and that you are not Native American.
Speaking to your voter base??  Because that's the next time you'll get enough votes.
They have about as much training as Al Gore or Bill Nye.
So what are YOU going to do about it? All you do is talk talk talk.
Thank you for addressing issues that should concern each and every one of us.
Shut up Pocahontas
Beautiful message Senator Warren.
I sure they did and you were most likely challenged to explain it to them that may be your calling talking only to kids becauseyour so basic
Did you tell them another lie like the one about you being a Native American?
I saw you on BM and I was so impressed- bring that passion for the next election- you would have my vote - but I am Canadian.
Tell them Dear Sen .Warren flat out bc kids don't sugar coat , the President is clueless & a selfish greedy billionaire who doesn't care !
Govt. taught and brainwashed kids providing govt. based concerns and "solutions".
Please stop talking.
Our youth have only been subjected to the one sided viewpoint of the leftists so of course they write about climate change. #endoctrination
U and Bill Nye both liars
Yeah, climate change. That's the type of thing you need to be focusing on & just go away with all your lies perpetuating division. #demented
Seeing you holding a senate seat is a disgusting reminder of gov incompetence
Love you !!
They don’t take Israel to court for doing much the same so I hold out no hope over Iran
Right Warren like we believe anything you say.
You will have lots of time for pen pals when ur voted out of office. Maybe Save the Whales after politics?
So why do you still use airplanes cars in other devices like cell phones that are harmful
Stop lying to the kids!  This is why you Liawatha, will NEVER be president!
Please run for POTUS, @SenWarren!!!
by the Former Mayor/ Mayor I ain't breathe I n my family has asthma. N it's n a black OOPs immigrant's neighborhood OK why,?
here they don't care dam we have a refinery n a Golf Court / Distillery/Hotel they stole the land n mine for the driveway owned
You'll even lie to middle schoolers?? #Pocahontas #liar #woowoowoo
Keep this up! We need more of you to speak out on this issue.
That's nice, Liz, Tell us again why @BarackObama getting paid the Going Rate 4 bank speeches ($400k) BOTHERS you?! He's #WorthIt!
Great job madam
Your message back to them should have been "climate change is a hoax, and so are your letters ". Those kids were coached by their teachers.
Sad you believe the Al Gore lies!!
Your delusional
PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS !!!
https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/844591780637085696 …
Remember when you received $350,000 to teach one course at Harvard ?
Only in Far left Mass could you win anything Pocahontas
That u actually hold a Senate seat is an absolute farce and bad joke played on America
Vvvvvvvvvvvv v v
Vv
V",b.  V.   V.v
Awesome response
All parent's need to study Agenda 21 & understand what this nutbag is actually doing. Climate Change Hoax is enslavement.
Parents need to shut our public schools down until every last Marxist leftist teacher is thrown out! They & YOU are evil 
Outraged that our children r being brainwashed w/fear & lies about climate change 4 u idiots 2 tax they're right to breathe.
Me thinks the only #climatechange this broad needs to worry about are hot flashes
