Republicans will try again after mid terms and they will WIN. They will ALWAYS WIN.
Obamacare must go. No socialized medicine
So will Senate GOP also withdraw all charges against these brave people who wanted to be heard????
Thank you, all Dem Senators.
Good news but dark forces trying to sabatoge ACA roam the halls of the Capitol & White House.  Must fix this mess once and for all.
I have one word for you hypocrite
I have one emoji
Thank you Senator Warren!!   
I have one word for you..."cuckoo."
Apparently we're paying for her healthcare
Wonderful.
I have one...AMEN!
Sitting squaw says thanks. She could care less. That you are going broke paying for it
Still waiting for a document from any Democrat that would repeal the affordable care act  !!!!
@realDonaldTrump GOP admits truth about failed bill, trump LIES again this morning stating he has the votes but has to wait till new year!
What are you doing to help millions of Americans who are without coverage.!!!!!
Yes, thank you that I will continue to pay $1150 per month more for healthcare (with that pesky $10,000 deductible), for another year.
If you are paying that much a month, consider living in a country with free healthcare and having that money to spend on actually living.
And 65% taxes.  I looked at moving to the Netherlands and that was my tax rate.
how do you pay any bills?
With great difficulty, thanks to the ACA and the high cost of living in CA.
Amen!
If we must look at this, should not a more concise review of the budget be done? 

Starvation kills a million children each year.
End NFL tax expt. Status
Cannot wait until you are gone!! Drain the swamp!! MAGA
They won't stop trying to repeal the ACA. McConnell & Trump have both said they'll try again. Keep an eye on them. They're sneaky.
You should be the president of this country!
I am Happy To Do All I Can For You Senator. Now Do All You Can To Help Make All Of Our Lives Better!!! Got Your Back GOD Bless And Protect You Amen!!! Happy Easter Sunday!!!
Lets remove everyone from Medicaid EXCEPT those that have real disabilities..... Every hardworking American will support that ...
WHY aren't YOU on O-bummer care?? While Obama care fails.. you enjoy your Cadillac health insurance on the taxpayer dime... how can you even show your face?
Thank You!
FACT: Dems say they can fix #ObamaCare, but Republicans won't let them. It's a CON. #ObamaCare is UNFIXABLE.
So according to Pocohontis and HRC followers, Medicaid recipients seem to run this country. Newsflash to you crooks; it ain't so
Can You please work on sending real aid to Puerto Rico? End the Jones Act.
I have two words which I won’t say!
thank you all
However this allows for them to continue to turn us into human yoyo's. Next w/tax reform to try, that fails, back to healthcare...
Yeah... I see that happening as well. Sigh 
There must be a way to make this horseshit end, permanently
At this point, even after we got rid of the horse, we'd still have a lot of mucking to do to clean out the barn. It all smells like manure.
To the GOP Senators who stood by the latest ACA repeal bill I have two words, and one of them is "you".
I have two words for warren ......do you????
Well done
Elizabeth, this is another example of the Democratic Party promoting anarchy. Dems think this is smart politics but you will pay the price.
i DON'T THINK THAT THESE 4 WILL BE IN OFFICE MUCH LONGER
It will come back and it won't be pretty.  We have to stay alert!
Thank you
If you opposed GOP bills to take away your healthcare but did not #RegisterToVote, you're still in danger. Do it! #KilledTheBill #TrumpCare
Healthcare is a privilege of modern society. So is currency and savings. Stop making incentives for bad money management.
How much do you pay for health care Pocahontas
Thanks to all, but this is too anxiety provoking every time.
I think McConnell will sneak it in, in the middle of the night. Please don't say it's over until Oct 1!
And we're still stuck with a plan we can't afford.  If we can get coverage at all.
Not so fast: Trump is claiming they've got the votes. Don't let down your guard, Senator!
yes
THANK YOU from a self-employed author undergoing cardiac testing.
Your spending #OtherPeoplesMoney
And I have two words for YOU...THANK YOU! Right back at ya".
Keep govt OUT of healthcare. Free market is way better. Govt can't manage ANYTHING....
No, then YOU!  And Senators Booker, Sanders, Gillibrand, Franken, Harris, Murphy, Schumer, and everyone else who won't fit in a tweet!
How about thanking the 300 million who get no benefit from obamacare but pay the bills.
I have five words for you.  We need actual health care.  
Obama care has failed.
O ya.  Thanks.  Still no health care.  Nothing for us that can't afford health care because of obama care.there goes my chance at life
#Obamacarerepair
Some profiles in courage ; John McCain and Susan Collins
So it’s true. I don’t count because I work? I’m FORCED to have state insurance because I can’t afford your bull shit.
Or is it because I’m a man?
Hi
#I #will #design #eye #catching #unique #style #Business #Card #According #to #your #business #and #your #concept
Thank you @SenWarren 4 fighting alongside us.  Now, lets start prosecuting @SenateGOP 4 attempted Democide.
No. Thank YOU @SenWarren @SenSherrodBrown @SenBernie
You know damn well OCARE is not sustainable, what are your plans to make it so? Choices being diminished yearly & premiums rising. FIXIT
And your two words for the hard working Americans who are footing the Obama care Bill? F___ you.....
If we go to single payer does that mean you are going to have the same health Care that all Americans have?
It's not over yet keep up the pressure #HealthcareForAll fight #LikeAGirl
Thank. Ou @senwarren you inspire me
Another close call well done USA. Don't let GOP win
America is the world's largest terrorist state.
.@iamkevingates "We don't get tired!". She knows a little something... 
Thk u @SenWarren Ur courage & dedication 2 saving the ACA is a blessing 2 millions of Americans. Please continue 2 fight for all of us!
Just copy paste our Dutch healthcare system to the US. 
$113,- per month and a maximum own risk per year of $ 385,-. Everybody is insured.
Thank you ADAPT. #Fearless
Is this a virus or something? It looks like withdrawals are mutating over and over again.
Thank all of you for your tenacity and courage. Our country can do better #SaveMedicaid #ACA
national heroes
No....THANK YOU!!!
And thank you!
Nevertheless, she persisted.
Why not propose American wide competition between providers? Wouldn't that drive down costs of Obamacare just like GOP's only good quality?
All that proves to me is Congress  still can't get their act together regardless of whose  in control and produce a viable healthcare bill
Thank you Senator Warren
Back at you... Thank You!
Yipee!!  Thanks for all you do Elizabeth!!
Thank you @SenWarren
I have two words for them as well. Give  Up
We have two and one-half words for you:

You’re welcome.
You’re so freaking awesome thank you
How anybody can watch videos like these & still be heartless while proclaiming 2 b Christians is beyond me,thanks @SenWarren 4 all your work
Thank YOU!
Any words on failing Obamacare or are you just a partisan hack who doesn't actually care about people's healthcare?
Thank you!
Please, 4the love of this country, don't turn ur back on McConnell. Ppl w/disabilities shouldn't be getting arrested2save us all.
Saboteurs
You're welcome.
I have two words for the Republicans SUCK IT
SENATOR THIS TWEET HAD 40 LIKES BY TRAITORS 40 THE NUMBER OF GOD! THE VICE PRESIDENT ERASED HIS !BUT MINE STAYED!
IF YOU SCROLL DOWN ON MY TWEETS TO SUND YOU WILL FIND THIS TWEET !WE MUST LOWER TAXES ON MIDDLE CLASS THEY HAVE A HARD TIME MAKING ENDS MEET
You protect the lazy welfare recipients who don’t want to work and these college pussies who don’t want to deal with the real world. #
I worked from 18 to 62 lost my job, got sick. Medicaid saved my life. I HATE being called lazy by ignorant fools! Too sick to work.
Well if your not one of the lazy then perhaps you shouldn’t be offended. This healthcare is the start of ushering in socialism.
It's the sweeping generalizations that irk me.
The percentage is overwhelmingly not your situation. My mother is same boat. They are lumping seniors with welfare that’s a prob
I hope you guys get with the moderates and fix this.
Thank you @SenWarren ! You made me cry watching this and I’m not even American! Please keep up fighting for what’s right! G’luck from 
Thank YOU!!!
Me too
I thing the Pocahontas senator should enroll in Obama care instead of hiding behind a government healthcare
I guess we must live with O care to keep his legacy....higher premiums higher deductables...
But illegals will get health care...
Thank you!!!!!!
At least we know who I'll first female president will be.
No Senator..thank you....thank you for listening to #WeThePeople and not just the 1%
Liz supporting the ACA with no regard for the suffering of the middle class but for her own benefit, as always.
What's Native American for lying white woman
Why did they try?
Congratulations, you are still killing the budgets of millions of Americans with the ACA.  But, that is what socialists do isn't it?
Is that thank you on behalf of the millions who now can't afford their obiecare premiums? Nice job fauxcahontas. TAKE THE TEST!
Yes their using the heads elections are coming! Guaranty less DEMs more GOP! Your party is finished!No more lies and racism! From your kind!
Apparently the news hasn't really gotten out that this is not a democracy
This is a plutocracy run by fascists.
Democracy is a veneer, a lie
Thank you to the protesters
But I'm confused as to why it's okay that they're being arrested
How is this okay in a democracy?
FASCIST USA
I'll believe it on 10/1
thank YOU
You are the best. I wish the rest of #Congress was just like you.  Thank you!
Thank YOU!
Thank you, Senator Warren. 
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Knew this would happen. GOP can't even all agree. Thank goodness.
Right back at ya, Senator! Thx 4 standing tall 4 us!
Congratulations Your constituents are still suffering under ObamaCare and you've done nothing. Bye in 2018.
So what are you do nothing congress going to do. You know Obummer care is failing and you do nothing. Shame on you Elizabeth Warren shame
Now that the bill is DOA, I hope Congress addressed the CRISIS in Puerto Rico FIRST!!   What a crisis in the making.
I would use only 1 of those two words. "Thank" would definitely be replaced with a more suitable word.
America still has Obamacare. I still can't afford premiums. But you don't care.
Help us get single payer, Senator.
You need 2:45 to say thank you? No wonder Congress enjoys such a high approval rating.
You do so much for AMERICA #uselesspolitcian
Genuine heroes.
Thank you to the people who protested  and were arrested . All Americans owe you a debt of gratitude!

Thank U 2 @SenatorCollins & @SenJohnMcCain Sadly, Rand Paul voted NO, only because the Bill wasn't MEAN enough.Sad only 2 brave to say NO.
Y are U thanking the entire Sen. GOP?  ONLY 2 said they were voting NO 4 the right reasons. Rand Paul was a NO because Bill not MEAN enough.

While all your admirers are falling all over you....how do you explain the Obamacare fiasco??...Oh.. I know... you'll blame the WH!
Good luck with those 50% premium increases coming soon! #RepealAndReplacePocahontas
You know Senator Warren if you spent more time cooperating instead of obstructing and finger pointing you'd be doing your job.....
Unfortunately, they wasted a lot of taxpayers money on this BS. Time for GOP to do something with substance to help people not hurt people.
I have alternate two words for them.
You too, Senator!
I have two words for you but twitter would ban me
In the sea of ugliness, you bring hope. Thank you @SenWarren
Wonderful People, maybe can't walk etc but know how to Fight for Dignity and Humane Rights.
Figure it out as a group. Stop thinking as a 1%er senator, or as an Indian minority....Think of American’s overall. Please.
Warren/Franken 2020.

Just sayin'. 
No thank you.
Until the next rushed, unreviewed, secret bill monstrosity bought with insurance corporation bribes
Thank you to GOP and DEM. Senators who said NO to bill that would devastate millions.
Yes thank you but to you and all the other senators who fought for the citizens of this country to maintain our health care.
Ok, so what's your plan to fix #Obamacare?
@SenJohnMcCain @tedcruz @SenatorCollins @RandPaul u made @SenWarren very happy. U should b so proud. #failure #NoVote #NoDebate #NoProgress
Thank you to Susan Collins,John McCain and Rand Paul! Wouldn't have happened without the "three amigos":)

GOD LOVES A GOOD BATTLE. HALLELUJAH JESUS ON THE THRONE

Thank YOU, @SenWarren
My two words for the GOP  also end in “you”but the first is not “thank”
One must be careful what one wishes for. Except, of course, in this case you yourself are exempt from the results of your actions. Right?
@adaptorg Thank you Senator Warren and disability advocates who protested Graham Cassidy on behalf of all of us ! You did it!
We can all think of two other words for putting us through this, tearing us apart instead of uniting US. But yes, I'll stick with thank you.

No, Thank You!!
Thank you Senator Warren, and the 3 brave gop senators that bucked the system and stood up for ALL! @SenSusanCollins thank you!
Thank you, too!
Focahontis
Thank the Democrats in order to defend the basic human rights of the American people has been struggling, you are heroes.#shameonGOP
I have different two words! Actually three the last being assholes!
U think u won?  Obamacare is going to leave a lot of Americans without healthcare. Feel good about it.  Feel really good. Disgusted
I make little over minimum wage. I want free health care too.
