The weapons were fully automatic thus they are already illegal. Maybe make them double illegal?
They were NOT illegal - look up "Bump stock" guns - watch the Youtube videos.
Mental health is the problem - not guns.  Cars kill people do we take away cars?  Or booze cause drunks drive and kill?  Mental Health!!
How many times has this horrendous tragedy happened? Too many? Night club in Fla, then Hillary had the killer's FATHER in the front/center row at one of her campaign events. Both lead me to believe Deep State, your pal Soros funded. Does an enemy do such things? YES! From within!
BTW Las Vegas tragedy has completely gone away! Everyone who could shed light on it, has been silenced. Gag orders. Sealed info. Sound like a conspiracy? Sounds like Deep State/Dem backed to distract from Hillary & push Dems gun control agenda. Destroying USA from within.
"Make the hand gun licensing next to impossible to get." Cowards way of getting a full ban.
Senator, how about getting your friends in Hollywood to stop producing so many mass shooting & mass killing MOVIES! Doncha think that might HELP? DO IT!!
.@SenWarren I'm with you. Use Australia as best practice. We banned automatic guns in 1996 & no mass shootings/mass fatalities since then.
Automatic weapons are already illegal in U.S.  Btw murder is illegal and so are automatic weapons. That didn't stop him.
The NRA spent about $190,000 spread over 400 candidates. Do the math. Planned parenthood spent 38 million last year. So who's being pimped?
You're saying the politicians are in the pockets of the NRA.  The NRA donated $190,000 spread over 400 politicians. PP donated 38 million.
DEMON_RATS ARE THE ONES SLAUGHTERING PEOPLE! THE WORLD WOULD BE SAFER IF THEY DIDN'T HAVE GUNS!
Yes....we do
Gun control is fought against as hard as term limits. Why do we need one and not the other?  Both are third rail topics.
Why wait. Start with elective abortions
what we need now is you spreading the hate and discontent to the people....Vote um in and Vote um Out!,,,,,,
Ok lets talk about dem run cities like chicage,baltimore and memphis.
Odd, you didn't feel the need to talk about gun violence in the wake of the Orlando mass killings.
What's your angle @SenWarren?
The worst mass killing in America "happened too many times"?
That makes no sense what so ever.
Okay @SenWarren, it's nap time for you
Sooooooooo talk your way around this one ..
Let's take guns from Democrats and LIBERALS problem solved.

Keep Democrats away from guns and mass shootings won't happen.

How might we make the public aware of who is taking money from the NRA? Here are the top 20. Thanks!
Ahem! Ms. Warren, just WHEN are you folks going to realize - that absolutely NO violent crime has EVER been prevented by MORE LAWS?
Guns don't kill CRAZIES LIKE THE DEMOCRAT SHOOTER WHO SHOT S SCALISE YOUR VOTERS ARE MURDERS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIPRA59raGU …
A conversation goes two ways. Libs want to talk only with ideas that haven't worked in their own communities.
And how do you suppose your going to fix it? The guns used are for the most part..illegal...anyone can get a gun,knife,crockpot,car
Yes let the government control guns and take away the 2A
Compromise: keep the amendment and allow only the arms available at the time it was introduced?
You should be wondering how the man got the guns into the hotel in the first place.  Why did no one notice his arsenal? He installed camera?
Exactly what would you like to talk about? Anyone want to engage?
You liberals are also part of the problem. Encouraging violence and bloodshed against conservatives. #youreatfault #hatefullibs
Go ask @ChicagoMayor Rahm Emanuel how his city (w/ most strictest gun laws in US) doing w/ homicide & murder rate involving guns, or ?
Lizzie...just pass a NEW LAW that says that CRIMINALS must OBEY the LAW.....till they do CRIMES will always EXIST

What we really need is for you and all your cronies to go away & stop with all your lies & agenda!!!
I agree but we should start with Chicago gun violence
We really need to discuss how to stop mental illness. Its ignorant to not admit the obvious that the LV murderer was insane & no one saw it.
Why don’t you go into Chicago and preach to the criminals.
#StoptheHate
drunk drivers kill 3x more ppl than guns lets talk on cars and banning them all together 9.5 bill in tax revenue I know u won't ban booze
How about we start in Chicago...just a thought
Seems to me that most of the shooters have been democrats. Guess what my solution is?
Who the hell is stopping you? You run your mouth all day every day. If you chose not to speak about gun violence that's on you!!!
Yes!  Many criminal guns out there.  Arm all willing citizens and let that stop the mass killings.
DO ABORTIONS FIRST. ITS A SCOURGE AND KILLS THOUSANDS!!
Or, more like MILLIONS!
Pointless, You can never stop gun violence or any other kind of violence. If someone wants to commit violence, they will always find a way.
Change the human condition.
I'll ask my uncle about it

Trouble with this is it offers no political capital.... But here it is....
Do you not publicly condemn what @yesgregyes from #maxsdeli has said Senator?
Nothing could have stopped that and your not taking our guns! What is outrage for last 8yrs for Chicago toddlers that died #3,900DeadChiTown
That conversation begins and ends with the criminal syndicate coming into FULL UNEQUIVOCAL COMPLIANCE with the Constitution.

#Breaking:High Gun Crimes States:#Chicago/DC/Baltimore Have Strict #GunControl Laws.Proof GunControl Won’t Stop Evil https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/01/30/us/strict-chicago-gun-laws-cant-stem-fatal-shots.html?referer= …
Any politician using a tragedy for personal gain or to push a political agenda ... is not fit to remain in public office!!!
HERE, HERE! I second that.
America needs to have a conversation about Term Limits in Congress!
Gun control will not stop it.  Criminals will always be able to get guns, and some can be supplied by our own govt!! #obamaholderfast&fur
After you politicians give up your guards armed with high powered rifles then let us talk-you can have but we cannot-I am not a fool
Intelligent people know you lefties won't stop until the populace is totally disarmed, and you will stop at nothing to get there. #STFU
Hows about you have your propaganda services masquerading as news stop working your supporters into homicidal states of emotion.
GOVERNMENTS without an armed citizenry are more dangerous than lone wolves, at the end of the argument. END OF DISCUSSION #GunControl
Then with all due respect why don't politicians improve gun laws like here in Canada

The conversation needed is how to stop the deep state & dual nationals behind all these events.  Cui bono?  Start with those who'll win big.
Then tell your (((deep state))) buddies to stop killing us in these ops. It's not us. It's YOUR ppl killing us for propaganda
When did you stop wanting Trump and all his fans DEAD?
ban #Democrats
Starts wirh you, stop enraging your base
https://twitter.com/ilumin0n2/status/915376414630797312 … #TakeAFakeKnee #FakeGunContol #FakeOutrage
I think you need to spend time caring about chicago instead of other things. What about the death rate in chicago?
I WONDER IF ELIZABETH KNOWS EVENTS LIKE THIS HAPPEN EVERY DAY IN CHICAGO. WHY HAS SHE NOT MADE A CONVERSATION TILL NOW?
This is a tired conversation. What about the people killed by illegal drunk driving? We should outlaw alcohol? Tried it, failed.
Please write a bill making "Bump stock" gun illegal.  They are just a different design for a fully automatic weapon!  Support is there now!
Gun violence is just a symptom.  what is the cause?
Sen warren is a hypocrite she has armed private security she needs to give up her hired guns
San Bernardino and Bronx hospital shooter are more proof gun control fails also Las Vegas shooter ignored gun free zone of hotel
Gun violence is way down in USA except in democrat run areas like Chicago and Chicago is 100% proof gun control fails
Democrats and mainstream media promoting violence and antifa are 100% to blame for Las Vegas and scalise shootings
They need to stop selling these kits online that converts guns to automatics tgat needs to stop now!
Gun control, a failure in Australia, UK, in @DNC strong holds of Chicago, Detroit, NYC, LA, etc. The DNC doesn't have the answer
Don't touch the second amendment !!!
End the use of SSRIs
Shut your gob.
End SSRI meds.
Republicans say now is not the time to discuss this because they want this to blow over, so they can admit they aren't going to do anything.

#Breaking: #Lawmakers & #Hollywood Conspiring To Disarm Us/Taking Our #2ndAmendment, While They Have #Armed Security https://twitter.com/thedeliaaspect/status/915558965550944257 …
End SSRIs1890s
Do the research. How many people are on this poison? More importantly, how many shooters have been on this?
End SSRIs
Those meds are destroying Society.  How many people are on this? How many shooters have been on this?
If @TheDemocrats will stop shooting people #gunviolence would drop 80%. Talk to your & #Hillary supporters, the real killers.
You had house/senate/prez you did nothing. You don’t care, you are just jumping on the bandwagon for popularity. Give up, you lose.
People kill people. Not guns. So stop with the BS. You make no sense and are a waste of time
Require all citizens to own and carry. Eliminate lawsuits for lawful shootings. Everybody will be a whole lot more polite to each other.done
more gun control is not the answer. It all starts with the family and family values.
You can't stop evil!
how can we eliminate u Pocahontas.  u have the brains of jello
WTF are you so venomous with liberal hate that you can’t keep your damn mouth shut for at least 48 hours while people morn? FUBAR
That is like saying "if you use or own a pressure cooker after the Boston bombing then we need to have a conversation". Do you want cars banned after witnessing a car accident?
IMAGINE THAT!!
And what about Chicago?  
Can you comprehend the difference between a person and a gun?? Someone HAS TO PULL THE TRIGGER!! Guns dont work without aid!
You people are so insanely sick with your SELFISH Agenda! You think you know all the answers and you know NOTHING!! PEOPLE KILL!
EVERY COUNTRY HAS IT'S OWN CONSTITUTION AND WE HAVE OURS IT'S THE U.S CONSTITUTION.

Maybe you should look it up.
Of course you get your followers riled up when you say God is not enough.
How to stop gun violence? There is no answer to that. Murder is unpredictable.
it's democrats. We have to outlaw democrats from having guns. Psych problems
Many Americans come from families who suffered or defeated communism. We know that without guns we'll be at mercy of tyrants like you #2ndA
Partisan hackery is Pocahontas. Who cares about 500 people when there's a sound-byte to sell?
When will you do something about the black on black violence in Chicago?
No your wrong we need to protect ourselves from idiots like the shooter
So who will take action now
So the False News Media were lying again when they said its the 1st and worst in US history! Also does this mean YOU'L talk to the 
Next NUT
For a LONG time we've been trying to have a conversation w/Demwits about Chicago, Detroit, Baltimore, St. Louis, Atlanta, NOLA, D.C., ....
Lets have a convo about how wealthy u are
You're right. They happen every week in Chicago & you ignore it.
#Fauxcahontas ignorantly spouting off again - only cares about expanding government control, but what else would we expect from a communist
Oh how's is it that Illinois has strick gun laws but Chicago is murder capital central.  They're not mowing folks down in cars you twat
Because the best time to enact policy is when being emotional?
You can't even shut up long enough to let these poor people bury their loved ones. You never cease to amaze me at how low you will go.
The response from me is no
You could start by having the federal gov give up their guns, all politicians and bodyguards, and all police. Right away, thank you.
Recommend starting with the illegal guns on the street. Best of luck with that
If your going to run for the presidency, you're gonna have to tweet us.Pres.Trump layed down that communication path to America.Keep up Liz
So start talking Liz ! What's your suggestions. We're waiting for your solution. Pres. Trump shares his solutions on tweet.
The conversation needed is your resignation. For Gods sake Lizzie resign
Do the opponents of gun control lock their doors at night or when they go to work?  Why?  It won't stop a criminal from breaking in
Democratic #Chicago has been under strict #guncontrol for decades, and all of the sudden you're outraged?  Go back to your res. Pocahontas.
So long as that conversation does not include anti-gun legislation, I'm all ears.
The only way to do that is to change PEOPLE.
Ban democrats, then they'll stop.
Nothing quite like Las Vegas has ever happened before.  The rest don't hold a candle to what that asshat did.
How about making murder illegal?
How? Do you want a ban on semi automatic weapon systems? Is that what you want? At least have the fortitude to speak plainly!
How about enforcing the laws on the books first?  Harsh punishments for prohibited possession?  Stop and frisk?
Just because your side's solutions have been rejected doesn't mean we haven't had a conversation.
We know you and your kind. Americans just had the gun conversation Tues Nov 8th 2016 and your ideas lost
you're right and the problem is people not weapons.
It isn't by restricting guns, #chicago anyone?
Elizabeth the gun is not the problem its evil Democrats don't get there way and they start shooting people.
Let's have the conversation, but about real solutions. Gun control isn't the answer.
Right.  As in every month in Chicago.  You clown
You cannot stop gun violence any more than you can stop a free press or free speech.
We need you out of our country NOW!
It's not gun violence,  it's #Liberals DEMONIZING Republicans,  giving them the idea it's moral to MURDER US. #BloodOnYourHands
Aren't you a senator?
, Great Idea , I imagine most people would support you if you had any good ideas!!!  Other  than banning guns!!!
All legislators simply submit gun control bills in writing and when you do be honest and say if it would have prevented Las Vegas or not. Stop talking and act.
you're such a grandstanding political hack. U say prayers don't work but "conversations" between hacks just like u will?
GUNS DO NOT KILL PEOPLE!  PEOPLE DO!  I guess we should ban cars and planes too since they kill people.  Idiotic is what you are!
OK. Start with Chicago, with some the most strict gun laws in the US. #Wampum !!!
Too many times before?  Where were you then?  Free Pass over past 8 years expire?
How many times have you called for action NOW?  NONE during Lord Obama administration.  HRC approve this message?  Pocahontas Lie
Call Obama and ask him to stop his schedule....
Chicago    do you even think about them?  Criminals will ALWAYS have guns.  They don't obey gun laws
#seeclintons about hearts and other #organ donors
#dirty #dontpissoffrealindians #lyingsackofshit
Chicago needs help YESTERDAY! Where are Dems on that issue? Dems have run Chicago for decades, look what is happening! Dems are frauds!
What about cell phones or Chicago?
Simple question. . .What possible gun law would have prevented this? We already have a law against murder.  Did that work here?
Violence today is motivated from leftist dems like Liz. Ends justify means. Lefties enable violence. My solution is to delegitimise left!

You have tough gun laws in Chicago. How’s that working?
Stop exploiting tragedy for your party's political power control grab.Murderers will always find a way to kill. CRIMINALS don't follow laws!
If not gun, then car or truck or knives or pressure cooker bombs. Are you going to outlaw those? Anything can be a weapon if murder is goal!
You're so worried about guns now? Where have you been for the city of Chicago? Gun Control and over 500 shooting deaths by Aug 2017. Where?
