Thank you for being on top of this situation.
You are such a liar. That wasn't a real account.
I'm listening to Rep Paul Ryan speak about repeal and replace. GOP only cares about their agenda. Willing to turn a blind eye.
His goal is ultimately Legal Genocide of the sick, disabled, poor and elderly.
thats slightly dark
It's also more than slightly what will happen.
Eventually, everyone, including YOU, will have a pre-existing condition and be in an ins pool.
and ill pay my own premiums, but NOT on the backs of others
I have no benefit from ACA. I pay my own premiums too.The difference is I care where i go when I die
you lost me
You pushed the whole thing to the point he resigned. Maybe you should have waited for the FBI findings.
@ConspiracyTs The Trump admin would like nothing better than to cut Flynn & move on. No. It doesn't work that way! #TraitorTrump
proof? I will be waiting
He's the fall guy. They must all be investigated. Every last one of them.
Can you say. "treason?"
so full of 
They've screwed up the scapegoating strategy by allowing him to remain weeks after being told he was compromised.
Perhaps the smartest thing the Obama admin did was impose those sanctions.  It created the intention to reassure Putin.
So you tweet about a fake twitter account and you think you're smart?
Flynn.....Trump......Putin..... Follow the money!!!
what does Hillary have to do with this? Lying Trump has his day coming...#Nixon2.0
exactly........ You just made my point. No one is above the law, not even POTUS.
how about lunatic lefties
wake up! What ties? Time to stop creating issues that arent there. Get some work done for the American people!!
where is the evidence that there is anything disturbing going in between Russia and the admin?  Where?
Why are Republicans blocking investigations & putting the lives of all Americans at risk? Call them out.
Republicans aren't "blocking investigation".  Crack open a newspaper some day. Warren fell for fake tweet. LOL.
lol fake tweet 
my thoughts exactly.
you need to take the gloves off and go for the 25th amendment due to mental instability....it isn't a big leap
so then, what can be done about, real talk.
lady, you are delusional in your hatred and in pushing your radical agenda...no matter the cost to the country.
Yet the major news channels  don t even bring it up as possible?! Who are they getting directives from?
How embarrassing that you're not bright enough to recognize a fake twitter account.  It should have been OBVIOUS.
what bothers me is how Flynn, Trump, Russian Oligarch Dimitry Rybolovlev were together before& after election and on 2/11 too.
Russia was asked by Donald Trump in JULY of 2016 to hack into an american citizens email "Hillary Clinton's" this is TREASONOUS.
Ahh, no he didn't. He said if they did they should release them.
There are others involved in this and I'm sure they are doing everything they can to squash this 2 avoid be discovered.
Yes, likely Obama minions who illegally wiretapped to begin with. WSJ reports support Flynn.
Don't believe everything you read on FAKE NEWS
says the little Indian who wasn't..
You should be more concerned about subversion!
Trump is already manipulating to have our national security, NSA & FBI, take the blame. Deflecting blame is part of his sickness.
thank you!!!
exactly the "commander in chief" should shoulder the blame but for his oversized ego and undersized humility #PseudoPresident
#SPC451 #48Lawsofpower Flynn seems 2b the textbook scapegoat~ CK out Law 26 -Keep your Hands Clean- in the book-48 Laws of Power-
you couldn't be more correct.  Keep it up!!!
democrats leaked dangerous info. Is that risking national security? Hypocritical pocahontas
Since when have u become so vocal about national security?
Yes America this is the democratic dumb asses in the Senate!
But American national security demands that Hillary face charges for federal criminal negligence and treason for her emails...ijs
Unless we can put country above party,  we are finished.  Republicans for God's sake stop pretending we have a normal "situation
I really believe you are either drunk all the time or on drugs, maybe both.  You need to be drug tested.
we need to hear Democratic leaders loudly stating that more important than any leaks are what they reveal
Trump not bothered that his campaign collided w Russia rather that it has leaked and now the world knows
colluded
Might want to check for a "verified" check from a twitter account before you comment on it, Liawatha.
@libbyannehess How...and how?
you don't even know what a parody account is.
Would be really nice if you verified facts before running your big mouth. Someone should educate you on libel laws. Ur a joke
u can't even tell between a fake tweet and a real one WOW. And u r a Senator? Just Why R U Still?
Thank you Senator Warren! As a MA resident, I am so glad and proud to have you as our Senator! Keep fighting for our country!
More #Fakenews from @SenWarren
Really?
Nice one Pocahontas, dems up in arms over gen flynn fake twitter account. Fools!
did Flynn give up our mole in the Kremlin in his conversations with the Russian ambassador?  Three were arrested in Moscow.
yes indeed. Compromised administration should resign
#Flynn is the teeny-tiny tip of iceberg @SenWarren.
@LiberalAnna Keep klieg lumen on Von Ryan, Bluegrass Mitch, and the Utah Youngster. Show them light to redemption. INVESTIGATE
hold each &every one accountable #ourcountrydeservesbetter ! #treason is rampant in the White House.
He may need security so Vladimir doesn't get to him first
True! #BenedictDonald @LisaMoraitis1
This should have been stopped during the election! Dem party didn't want to ruin chance for HRC, let this slide. Election invalid

“Russia: If you’re listening I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing” - Donald Trump, July '16 https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/831853862281699331 …
Get your facts right before you make a statement to the press. Fake news!
stop stating things that are not true Pocahontas
he is the modern day Oliver North.
Its why Trump gang keep blow up on illegal votes 2 take focus off REAL NEWS of his involved w/ Russia for his win.We're not dense
AGREED!!! glad someone had the motts to say this. TRUMP is the ring leader and Clinton called it at the debate. Impeach!!
why is he, and others, willing to sacrifice their careers over him? What's the bigger story here? Who's the real leader?
@SenateGOP we need to get to the bottom of this Russian WH! This is America for God sakes! #stopthelies
He probably was the scapegoat. Democrats didn't leak information.
who knew and when?   #geesh
@being_woman correct & next will be Conway
Flynn part of it but there's more
@cruzcerda3 Warren And All Of You Democrat Old Goats President Trump Will Get To The Bottom Of Your Corruption Your NSA Leaks
That little weasel would love nothing more than to be a martyr for the GOP.
let's get the real culprit! Who put him up to itcand who was he briefing about the conversations
@Maggyw519 If Trump can be President I can be a Senator too.. Putin Plot is Watergate
@Maggyw519 Absolutely Flynn was given big money to resign. Trump and his nazi cabinet should be impeach!!!
@vivi75 then make some noise and get the investigations moving!
we need a "select Committee" Americans deserve an open transparent investigation to trust FBI CIA & military...1
2/ in these investigations!
she is such a Schrew! Anybody in Dem party but her! Idiot!
Don't forget to mention the leaking of highly classified intel. Can't have it both ways!.
The cover up is Mitch and Ryan both knew about this from Comey they are just as guilty!! They knew and threatened Obama.
Time to pass the torch Liz. Your ideas are old and decrepit. Time for new ideas and willingness to promote America First leaders
Well...you keep at...because i am seriously entertained watching the democratic party disintegrate before our eyes.
Flynn is just a pawn and actually more dangerous out of the spotlight
No worries. I think the match has been lit and it is FULL STEAM AHEAD for catching the real bad guys. #Trump #Pence #Bannon
much like your parties ties to organized crime and election fraud #hillaryslapdog
@BernieSanders then get some fire under it! Your turn to make it happen
Please keep the pressure on!! We the people deserve it!!
Sessions is going to investigate his friends???
His friends got caught colluding with the Russians,
His friends broke democracy
Why aren't we talking about Pres Sanders?  Did the Russians have a hand in that also?
100% We will not give up. We will not forget. #TheResistance
He's a soldier. He fell on his sword. That's what we do. "The fish rots from the head down!"
@peevee24 Thank you.. start with Mike Pence email that he sought to keep from being investigated with Court protection
Agree
Trump is guilty, everyone around him is guilty. #resistance
truth always come in out....
he's a breadcrumb.. follow where it leads Senator
absolutely!!!!
Agree 100%  There's more to this than Flynn lying, if he even did.  Trump's the inveterate liar.  I trust Flynn more than Trump.
sadly it all gets forgotten by the masses in record time.
kudos! Senwarren! Godspeed!!!!
We are right with you Senator Warren.
pls keep up the pressure. This has to end!
constituents need to phone their reps, that's the only way GOP will listen...if they think their seats r at risk
Looks like someone's been caught in a bear trap. "I believe this Might be the big one Elizabeth" [-Red Foxx-] #SmokingGun #Dump45
They are #All guilty of #Treason #Trump #Flynn #Bannon #Sessions #McConnell #Ryan #Pence
we need the truth  treason won'ttolerated. If Trump himself making deals with Putin. Slap the cuffs on him
you will never be the first woman president so go wash dishes or something. #ivankaforpresident
no he simply began the process of uncovering just how deep russias influence is...
@frangeladuo Exactly.
- you certainly are a stir, stir, stir the pot advocate.  Ashamed that you are the same gender as myself - or are you now?
Call for independent investigation of Flynn and Hacking. Where will it lead us?  Lets find out.  Where are his taxes? Stay strong
@joss What about Warren disturbing ties to dementia?
.@SenWarren @TomWellborn Read the NYTimes story just released a few minutes ago. Proof several aides were in contact w/well placed Russians.
Worried Flynn may be the fall guy for following orders. You don't make that type call or that many alone.
please keep the pressure on the GOP to investigate further. Thank you for your hard work. #resist
Agreed. The American public sees what is so obvious! Some #GOP members & #Trump #trumpcabinet  are in deep with Putin. #traitors
Agreed Sen. Warren. This needs to fall on Trump's shoulders. #NotMyPresident #TheResistance
it appears Fynn lied under oath conformation committe. Do believe  questions regarding Russia was asked of him?
trolled by fake tweets along with @NewYorkTimes how funny is that?
I'm so glad you're not from AZ. We've got enough embarrassment with @JeffFlake and @JohnMcCainDaily
right please push that point

Make America #ValentinesDay Again 
Time will tell who else was a Putin pal. The dust is still a long way from settling. Then the White House may look very different
The People know that Flynn was appointed because of his relationship with Putin and that @POTUS is behind this. GOP coverup.
Agreed!
#FlynnGazi   We demand the truth!  Investigate them All.  Russian Spies = American Traitors!
will there be appropriate investigation? Please work to make that happen
I agree so who investigates Trump?
Go get em"......
YES! EXACTLY! flynn didn't make calls"JUST BECAUSE" trump asked/ordered him 2do so trump sat on it 4 3wks B4 the flynn sacrifice
@MarthaC62664963 Don't let it happen.
bull shit lies and you will not be relected
Congress needs to fight for an independent investigation. Flynn went ROGUE to Russia?! Hard to believe.
Including Pence. We can't assume that Pence is just a pawn.  @SenWarren @ActDontReact
is it possible that VP was just covering his a..., when he defended the General, i.e., is there some kind of conspiracy 
going on
EXACTLY!
so do something. .@SenSchumer  get off ur ass. @WaysandMeansGOP vote NOT 2 request Drumpf taxes. WTF?!
Yes. This is not a Michael Flynn issue. Although he plays a central role in it, he's not the biggest issue. We need transparency.
Keep up the good fight, Senator Warren.
Offer Flynn immunity to roll over on 45 and his lackeys.
Scapegoat?! Seriously?! You do know you're quoting a fake account right? You and Maxine need to get the hell out of Washington.
Estimate chances he's a willing scapegoat, and they're getting their money's worth for his "severance" package?
Nothing like the old goat Pelosi herself explaining the meaning of scapegoat. Looked just like the fool she is.
Save us! #letLizspeak
shut up fauxhontas!
let's not forget Rex Tillerson, Putin's buddy.
....yes!
I see you fell for scapegoat too
She has too much to hide. They are trying to put it on DT. 1/2 the people won't buy it no matter what.
Keep digging.. There is a lot more dirt there
That was a fake Gen Flynn account; why don't you check your facts before you open your big mouth!
Everything you say is visceral; nothing is fact based or intellectually thought provoking.
You're an instigator not a legislator.
What was Hillary's ties to governments that should not have Nukes and have them now? That's right, the emails were destroyed!
There's no scapegoat...Flynn was just not honest about his conversation...don't try to make it something it's not
this Colin Powell all over again! We demand an investigation!!! McConnell is a liar and trying to cover this up. PLEASE FIGHT!!
We need to keep reminding Ryan and McConnell that this won't go away
absolutely! Can a full investigation be done?
Amen!
This has to be the beginning of the investigation, not the quick end to it. #Resist #Putinspuppet
These guys are sloppy. A child could connect the dots! Don't quit!
The leaks will never stop. he pissed off every single intel agency by calling them liars.
I AGREE HE NEEDS TO GO ON TRIAL FOR ESPIONAGE SEE IF THEN HE TELLS THE TRUTH!
Flynn is taking one for the team just like John Kelly!
you are so correct
please keep digging and resisting: you're working for all of us/US
The WH has placed Flynn in the bus lane and is waiting for a Russian bus to drive by.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, don't allow this guy to be a scapegoat.  It's their whole plan!!!
u hypocrit. Where r u standing up for women when @flotus gets. Called a hooker by @nytimes @BernsteinJacobwheres ur outrage now.
you realize the "Scapegoat" reference was from a parody Flynn account you twit
yes he could turn hero and instead of falling on the sword, really protect our nation!
guess we should trust someone that keeps their server behind the toilet. #Fauxcahontas #hatersgonnahate
