No day off for us today. Can you imagine what bills the @SenateGOP would try to ram through if 16 @SenateDems women skipped a day of work?
I promise you this: We won’t stop fighting for women, families, & working people – on #InternationalWomensDay or any other day.
too bad everyday can't be a day without you, u missing work to protest is normal #InternationalWomensDay #ADayWithoutAWoman #MAGA
Thanks for your strength/ courage & not backing down from
"good ol' boys" club attack you for standing up to poor & middle class
I don't need her to stand up for me!
International= Global... You serve the wrong master Liz. You work for the United States of America not the Antichrist. Or do you?
Let's see...You stand with them, but you won't take the day off.....Hypocrite

disgusting example of women when they disrupt families and children's lives.  Working and caring is a real woman.
yeah the few libtards..real women are at work or home with kids..you libtards are a JOKE!!
Happy International Women's Day to you! A day to inspire removing the most sexist President in modern history!
Liz believes in not banning Shariah Law... Honor killings of women and children, beating of wives! Yeah, your for women!
You need to change your tone. You can't be soft against Trump. We need more from you in these times. Step up your game.
@womensmarch Can you also save some solidarity for the REAL OPPRESED?  
https://mobile.twitter.com/Anni_Cyrus?p=s 
@womensmarch you who don't even know whether your white,Native American,black, s little Chinese etc etc etc
My wife worked today to support her family and support those in CT that do not work by paying taxes on her wages today.
not your country. 
#paleface
give U.S. women (and Americans ) assurances that we will not loose our health care.
You stand with Native Americans too, right?

#IndianPrincess

VIDEO - TRUMP VIOLATED FEDERAL LAW (for money): Trump's Business Partner Front Man For Iranian Terrorists http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/sketchy-trump-deal-sparks-calls-for-another-investigation-891672643515 … via @msnbc
@womensmarch you are one of the women i most admire!
you definitely need to find other role models!!
you should find someone else to follow.
Thank you for being a champion for all people! You are an inspiration! #InternationalWomensDay
no champion for anyone I know!
How can we be sure you won't change your mind if Hillary tells you to?
go to work if there was a mans day and we all stayed home the world would stop Warren you set horrible examples of everything
you go girl!! Love your energy Keep resisting!
Dear Harvey Weinstein, can you send me another check ; it's for  the women i support so much
Why did you vote for Ben Carson? He thinks slaves were immigrants to this country!
check archives, so does Obama!
Amen! #InternationalWomensDay
We as Black Women have "done it" all along. @MichelleObama Just hard to get the mention or respect.
Hmm...who knew it had to be like that for her, then?
"Who's knew it had to be like that for her, then?"

I don’t understand the question.
Well, I didn't understand how it was hard for her to get the mention or respect across, either.
Go to Iran, Pakistan, etc, ant try this! #NotMyProtest
for what ??  What rights do women not have that men do in 2017 Pocahontas ??
wow...Still with tthe pocahontas? And if you don't know what rights, go upstairs and ask your momma.
What do we want?... nebulous affirmation.
When do we want it?... NOW!!!
can you go on strike forever Please. MAGA
When it suits ur agenda, I'm sure you are. 
 When it doesn't....
everyone stands in solidarity with women, they're the better half of humanity.
→#Kudos daily to both of you #StrongWomen for your #persistence+leadership for 's issues. Nevertheless #ShePersisted
- and don't forget #NativeAmericanWomen
have you been striking for the past year? You haven't passed any bills
@Hardline_Stance @SenWarren 
Warren gets nothing done she is just an obstructionist
No you just hate Trump
you inspire us all #SheInspiresMe #ShePersisted
inspires you do to what? Walk out of your job? Rail against POTUS because your candidate didn't win. Smh
you are truly an inspiration to us all.
how about everyone?!?!
What's your message to the single moms, who lost a day's pay, because school was closed and they had no babysitter?

I'd like you to take the rest of the week off...and possibly the rest of the year off...Please...!!!
I bet you would. Sorry- we need all the intelligent, sane leadership we can get to fight the clown posse
I love you Liz!
I own a business and worked today as a role model to my daughters and granddaughter.
You lied for YEARS about being "Cherokee" and more than slighty  cray-cray and embarrass our gender.
Right!Take your meds!
Good for you! We're working too! What would it be like if there were a #adaywithoutDad Day???
@womensmarch  Linda Sarsour supports Sharia Law, you know, the law that stones women to death and marries little girls, shame
@Hardline_Stance @SenWarren @womensmarch and they can look forward to Paradise, standing in a corner, waiting to have sex.
so you skipped work on taxpayers dime?
I don't know what they are paying you Pocahontas but it's probably far to much
This whole women's movement is ridiculous. It's not about women, it's about resisting Trump. You do NOT represent me!!! #Trump
Even if they don't have an important job like you do.
Then, I shall go to campus, and do work in a lab. Because women-power rules. Especially us women working to find cures for stuff
what exactly are you striking for?
Amen!
Nobody cares.
It's "international" because Elizabeth Warren is a member of an Indian nation.
@womensmarch I wish you would stand somewhere else like another country
but you came to "work"?  forgot your job is more important than other woman #hypocrite
@womensmarch Did you still get paid?
so in other words the American people cant depend on u to do job they elected you for~good to know
I admire you for all your hard work! #letlizspeak #InternationalWomensDay
@womensmarch u stand with DNC. We will remember u are complicit in DNC crimes to be revealed. Sorry

#notmysenator #notmyfeminism
.@SenWarren Thank you, Sen. Warren!  @NYYMTweets @jedwalsh0 @annkjellberg @Lucy_Duncan @msladyjustice1
as a male I do toooo!
all employer's should dock there pay if they didn't have permission to take off work are fire them
You are our voice and you make us proud
said no one outside of the state hospital ever.
maybe. I suggest you read carefully. my comment is first of all, my opinion and secondly not about MA
your enthusiasm for this senator is concerning.
Why are those PROTESTERS being DETAINED by Trump Tower?¿
so that's why we got trumpcare passed
Prolife & Pro Choice sisters. We need to find a space beyond this argument. As long as we argue Life or Choice with a R or D...
blaahh
you insult intelligent women
Thank you for setting an example for generations of men and women to come #ShePersisted
we need legislation and guidance on whar to do at the local level.#movepastslogans
WEIRDO
all the women at work showed up.  They'd have gotten their butts fired for a no show.  As well they should.  You're immature.
universal childcare needed for the new forced parenthood
"Elizabeth Warren" "Happy International Woome's Day" = (08/03/2017)!!!...
yes, that's such a noble cause, especially attaching it to International Women's Day. Smh
you're on tax payer dollars, you need to be revoked

we really can't stand you
Stand?? But you love the Muslims, they beat, rape, and kill their women.
Hoorah!  You stand for those who strike while the rest of us women go to work out of self respect and pride.  #donotstandforme
we can do without this ding bat.
we pay your salary you strike when we tell you to strike
You're such a poser. #Useless
Lazy liberal women wanted day off! Get to work, volunteer, make a difference in ur community. Enough crying over lost ejection!
With due respect Sen.Warren You are not angry enough defiant enough, visible on tv enough and there are not enough like you
thank god
And how would you know about God?
Well in solidarity, or fellowship, or union. As long as we don't hear you going to the senate floor one more time! We're good!
You are proven liar that used your fake Indian heritage to get ahead. I'm 1/64 Native American. I'm very proud 1/2
HEAR US ROAR !!!
We stand with you too, Sen Warren
Who is we? Do you have a mouse in your pocket?
@womensmarch you don't know what you're protesting... do you?
Happy Woman Day
Wearing black (and not taking the day off from adult life) to show my embarrassment of these so called women
that is great i dont need them!  They r only but a fuckin headache anyway!  They should do it for at least 6 months
@deb3ms and this man stands with you
feminism has been hijacked by the far left extremists. #notmyfeminism
hilarious. Elizabeth Warren would be considered right wing in most countries. https://www.politicalcompass.org/uselection2016  Bernie moderate L
far left here and last time I looked I was living in America
what's that on your nose?
#myWonderWoman 
This is what #privilege and #sexism look like. Men don't have the option to not go to work or participate in life. @SenWarren @womensmarch
What strike? There were Female Doctors, Nurses, and waitresses all working today in the Rust Belt 
I guess you undervalue women
Thank you for fighting the fight. Know we all have your back!
Okay, we all do recognize women, now let's move on!
so you stand in solidarity with a convicted terrorist?
I stand with women as well ,but how did this hate March help opressed women of the world ????
You missed work today, well most American's didn't miss you
you stand for yourself and what money and power you can get.  You don't care about no one!
Seriously, what a poor role model you are! Please resign immediately!

except the millions aborted every year ..
Is there anyone more boring & tedious then you? What a banal nothing you are.
Tell us exactly what streets you were stading on? You were on strike today, right? U were "walking the talk?" @FoxNews @BBCWorld
Just do some work for a change. You are getting paid to work not spread propaganda.
#Adaywithoutwomen
march lead by a women in a hijab. Your hypocrisy sees kniw bounds
Can you go on permanent strike Sen Warren? Pretty please....
you are and will continue to stand up for those who can't. Thank you for facing adversity and still being a role model. My hero.
and you all are idiots, really want this to mean something, go to a country where women are stoned for adultery
@peterdaou @SenSanders I think every Wednesday should be Women's Day & we should all wear red. ~51% of the population.

@womensmarch you stand w nothing but corruption and failure
I stand in strike against those who claim to be Native American only when it's convenient. I am Native American. You disgust me.
were you dressed up like a Indian or a vagina?
yeah an Indian
I'm with you all the way, ma'am!!!!
When is #fakeindianday ?
We can do without YOU any day!
you stand with those who think like you and against those who do not.
were you at work today?
please post a list of the Senators/congressmen supporting the bill to make protesting illegal.  Thank you.
Let Liz Squeek.
thank you for persisting!
woe, that is to 66 Ben Sod Z with Jah. you cant DO dat.
Thank you Sen. Warren! You set a great example for women each and every day!!
for who?
what about women enslave in other countries
this day means even more to you since your a native women
@womensmarch So you stand with a terrorist, murderer & a woman that looks down on other women who leave Islam?
strike? Now your a union leader? How do the Massachusetts unions feel about that?
where is your vagina hat?

so why did support a women who blamed a 6th grade GIRL for being being beaten and raped..
thank you!
Soon we will celebrate a day without Criminal aliens!
Shouldn't you hold off until International Native Americans day?
You inspire Me @SenWarren. #SheInspiresMe
