Awe senator, these are dark days. Thank you for keeping watch.
from socialism to communism
See you lied again and now you try to cover your self with another lie!
No school vouchers. Separation of Church and State is enshrined in our Constitution to protect us from the tyranny of Theocracy.
 thank you! I had no idea she was trying to do this!
Yes all courses will be changed now that Obama is out.
gratitude for your incessant fights for fairness and justice. You are a rare gem in Senate.
Thank goodness Congress can step in and stop the selling of America by Trump & his appointed lackeys. Keep your eyes open and pencils sharp.
We should change course in allowing know liars to remain in the Senate. Here's one.
Thank you, Sen. Warren! From a mother of a Freshmen entering college in the Fall
Why don't you call yourself a communist & storm the capitol & slay the Trump family & adminstration, because that's the way your acting.
I really do appreciate your tireless work for all Americans
Once again the bail out for religious and charter schools. The fight continues.
Bet there is a kid with Russian descent
Wasserman & IT aide.
Betsy Devos is so unqualified.
Wasserman almost crying to get laptop back.
Wasserman IT aide:
IT staffer of Wasserman
Why aren't you tweeting about this:
Betsy Devos probably thinks people.carry guns in a database. All these fuckers are mentally ill.
DeVos needs to be gone. Get rid of her. She has never had any business being in that office. She bought that position.
Was never impressed with her from day one. Sorry
Wow something you support.
way to go!
but she paid so many Republican senators $$$$ so she could get the job of destroying the public school system, and vouchers for the rich
Everything is a struggle with this administration.  That is unless you're on the far right.
Thank you. Thank you. 
You're awesome! I don't know how you do it daily. There's not enough Red Bull to match your passion & determination! Thank you for your work
For sure the reason behind is money and pressures from the universities. Not thinking in the people.
Yeah you two alt to get with be fine Sanders wife .. another criminal
Use some of your money you stole
James Rosen Fox on Wasserman & IT aide
Competition for student loan servicers = lower cost and better svc.  Competition for health care and insurance = evil?
Thank you Senator!
You want single payer for our insurance you imbecile.  Why not this too?
only after she got challenged both by lawsuits and state courts.
she's a piece of crap, to hell with Devos
I didnt mean bipartisanship in resistance, I meant Go back to work! ALL (R) Congress in 2018. Every action has an = and opposite  reaction.
just more greed from conflict of interest&religion from the right
Please, Please protect our children from this unqualified individual.
Fake smile.
Thanks for your work Elizabeth!
No competition leads to higher rates (profits) for lenders
Weird picture. She needs to be gone
So are thousands, I am sure.
Thanks for the good news, Senator Warren.
Thank you, Senator Warren. @BetsyDeVosED is a train wreck and we need all of our Members of Congress to stop her elitist Koch agenda.
Make them pay every penny back take there income tax refund till it's paid back
Haaaaa, blocked at every turn. Congress doing your job.
Why fight with Secretary DeVos... she is helping student's learn... giving parents alternatives... moving the country forward... unlike you!
Navient makes my life a living hell.
She's afraid of you!
Thank you for all you do to fight the effects of the Delores Umbrage of the Trump admin.
Keep up the fight Senator Warren! DeVos has no soul. Just $ instead of brains and heart. Thank you!
Dems nationalized student loans and budgeted $60 billion in profits to pay for Obamacare. Lying, cheating, immoral pieces of shlt. @POTUS
As a parent of a college freshman and a high school freshman, one of which is autistic, your diligence on education is appreciated, thanks!
Thank you for standing up and fighting on this important issue Senator!
Did someone slip her a Mickey? Or jail time  for trying to single handedly destroy our studrnts futures??
I am not.
If DeVos isn't the biggest dips-t on the face of the planet.
Unfortunately that was today. A long time ago in Trumpland.
Gosh Betsy The Real World just keeps proving you are totally NOT qualified for this job -please go back to the Private Sector to spread evil
She needs an assistant who would be the person actually running things for her at the Department of Education.
It's not enough for junk debt buyers/traders.  More regulations need to be implemented. They are preying on victims of 2008.  No OIDs? Why?
This woman thinks we should all drop out of school at 13, and then get married to a rich republican, and be submissive, of course.
Bye Bye Bot
Simple solution. 10% payroll deduction as done for SS & Medicare. Drop "servicers", as they are profit driven.
Prime reason why govt should not be in the business of loaning our money. Politicians buy votes thru loan forgiveness
In advanced countries, higher education is free, as it adds to society. The bar for admission is high though. Most US kids wouldn't get in.
Nothing is free except my love to my family. Someone is paying for the education
How is this woman #MAGA?
WE'RE SICK OF THIS "GOOD COP BAD COP" ROUTINE-with BOTH parties. High tech jobs our citizens should hold now are done overseas! PUT US 1st !
If Americans knew how to code, they would have those jobs.
Yay for you!!!
Thank you for your tireless effort and commitment to students and standards! 
Keep up the great work. We need you
Why is this dip-shit Devos in this position???????????
She donated millions to Trump & GOP
Yes her family is loaded, she's a Facist Christian and wants to do God's work by giving loads of money to private Christian schools.
Where can I find more info on this? I looked on the DOE's site and found nothing. (Although I could have missed it.)
She knows nothing about student loans
We  u in Louisiana!! Thx
Single loan servicer is bad but single payer healthcare is good?
Big difference. One is private and profit driven and the other public and service driven. Not the same.
Which one is which?
Baby steps will = success.
@usedgov twitter handle is the exact reason you don't put interns in charge of social media w/o oversight.
This is wrong and very shady..
DEVOS - SO GROSS - nearly CRIMINAL - amway pyramid scheme money
big fan of yours @SenWarren appreciate all you do for the country.
Me too, then. Good grief. Toldja she was unqualified.
Still look into why she was going to do this.
 

I'd bail too.
Wait. You just spent four tweets sayin they were being stupid.

Which is it, or do you actually know?
Repubs should have stopped Devos at her nomination
she is as criminal as the rest. helped hack mi election
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead & go for it.
Meanwhile you push for a government monopoly over our healthcare.  Delete yourself Warren.
I assume you understand neither Mr. Tuna, as you conflate and intertwine unrelated services.
