most Dems are Wall Street puppets.
Republicans are worse. But you can help change that by becoming  a member of Wolf pac.
Republicans are obviously worse. Doesn't mean much though.
Yeap. And that's why getting money out of politics is so crucial.
...and the Dems are running on a platform of getting money out of politics including amendment for Citizens United! Listen to Warren.
No, they aren't.
I get it. But unless liberals show up and vote for the party that is at least TRYING to fight corporate power, we're fucked.
Repubs want to erode regulations in every single industry and lie about how it's pro-growth (it's only pro-mega-corp)
The "Wall Street" that backed Hillary??
The Wall St. That backed the Bush family and the rest of the GOP?
It's almost as if government is motivated by profit not what's best for its people...
Yes. Everybody acts in their own self interest why would we asssume politicians are the exception to this?
Joshua Ford is running against Sen Warren as an Ind. He refuses big . He's a former Dep sheriff & supp Bernie

Follow @JFord4USSenate
What's the difference between Bernie and Warren?
So you're a socialist?
And we remember the Dems you make a "spirited defense" of now have done nothing since then to fix the system that caused the crash. #bought
Dodd frank act u putz
Dodd-Frank is weak & doesn't actually do anything to solve the problems. Banks still getting bigger, still gambling, still no accountability
better than 0 regulation and it was GOP who fought Dodd/frank to make it weak.  The next Wall Street crash is on the republican. Again
God you're clueless. Let me spell it out for you: CORPORATE DEMOCRATS ARE BOUGHT BY WALL STREET TOO
And they're still losing.
Dodd frank was written by corporate dems? Lol. It was killed by trump and Wall Street. Wonder why since as u say it was worthless
Because the few consequences DF has could go into effect over the next 10 years.
& Barney Frank is a corporate Dem.
Your stoned. A corporate dem writes legislation making sure Wall Street pays for their own bailout. Ur too with it
Do you remember all the 401k Obama helped save by the bailout? No? Like Sanders you prefer it all be burnt down.
President Obama became President during that horrible time. Can you imagine the struggles he endured with his team at WH? No time to tweet
And blame others. Although he took blame for what he entered into from the previous President from so many! Head held high.
Apparently not, because you supported Wall Street backed @HillaryClinton, you vapid fool.
And you loved it because you though the unemployed millions were going to vote for your party. Well, they're smarter than that.
Don't get me wrong.  I appreciate everything you do.  There are a few good souls representing Dems out there.
I was one of them....of course i member
Senator Warren it is going to happen again! This time it is going to be worse!
I don't think all Dems do.  I think progressives do.  @TulsiGabbard calling for #glasssteagall   where are Senate Dems joining the house?
You remember the CRA caused it?  You remember you bailed out banks instead of paying off mortgages?? You suck you lying...
Put blame where it belongs-Bush 2 wars that bled us $ dry-$652B banks & financial industry bail outs & banks refusing 2 lend drov econmy dwn
@HillaryClinton and @BarackObama remember because they are soliciting payoffs for the bailout.  They are the heads of the party. #$speach$
Endless #GOP cycle. Disgusting really. Getting money out of politics is ESSENTIAL to making progress.
#citizensunited #recession #resist
Don't forget trump is new lizzy been there how long?
According to the Tories in the UK, it was caused by the frivolous spending of the Labour party. Hmmm.
Utter boll@c#ks.
Yes, it sure is.
Republicans remember too, they just don't care about that part of it.
That is incorrect - it was the banks giving loans they knew couldn't be paid back - You manipulate truth to fit your agenda
Ya.  And Republicans remember the shovel ready jobs Obama promised but never happened.  #NASTYWOMENLOSE
Not you tho Chief, you made a killing and upgraded to a bigger mansion. Some of us took advantage of the situation (wink wink)
The current Dems don't  give two shits what happens to our country,    the only thing you care about is the power.
Because if Barney Frank #partisanhacks. #shutupLiz
Yea and your stupid Obama won election and the whole USA went to shit!!!!
But the Dem President let innocent people lose homes & guilty bankers stay out of jail & get big bonuses. Dem's have betrayed their base.
Oh I'm sure u gained from it so quit talking so negative.Ur a Debbie downer a negative Nancy. I never read anything positive from u.
There is and always has been one fundamental problem with The Republican Party. It is filled with Morons !
Remember when Obama authorized the printing of billions of unbacked money, destroying the value of the US dollar.
And which party signed the bill that caused said crash? OH MY FAIL.
What to do now?
DOWN WITH THE CFPB !!!! THANK GOD WE ARE GOING TO REPEAL IT
HOWS THAT OPERATION CHOKEPOINT WORKING FOR YA ????
COMEY, WARREN, SCHUMER, PELOSI - NATIONAL DISGRACE
Selective much? Itveas liberal policies that set the stage for the crash. Ex..forcing banks to give loans to high risk borrowers.
Always negative
The NY Times warned about the 2008 crash back in 1999.
http://www.nytimes.com/1999/09/30/business/fannie-mae-eases-credit-to-aid-mortgage-lending.html …
Honey, it's 2017.  Try to keep up.
You Democrats Auto remember that 2008 housing crash you caused it
And Congress's good intentioned bad policies
Mandating homeownership based upon anything other than financial basis fails. @billclinton
What part did over extended homeowership debt play?
Do not let the GOP remove protections for millions of families! Dems stay united!Tax breaks for the 1% don't work for the remaining 320 mil!
Warren for president 2020
We?? Who's we? You and ur millions were fine
Which you were part of authorizing through not read poorly written legislation.
And now republicans killed volker rule. Looks like bankers will take yuge risks again and tax payers bail them out
My husband and I lost our savings.  He is gone now.  I'm living in debt until I can figure out a way to survive again.
And then the Democrats, Obama, & HilLIARy took even more money than the Republicans from Wall Street ....
Don't for get all the wampum lost Chief!!
Govt was LARGELY to blame but yeah, blame WS. You're such a hack, thankfully you don't represent me.
All because of Obama. You seem to have forgotten that
Dems are super duper ok with Wall Street greed when one of theirs is getting rich...
Tired, tiring & over tired rhetoric from my feckless senator. come up with something new
Remember how Hillary took big $$$$ from Wall St. ???
Yes I remember. Just wish the dems had actually prosecuted the ppl responsible. Dems and reps in pockets of big $$$.
You spelled "Democrats caused the 2008 crash" wrong, #Fauxcahontas @SenWarren.
Also remember who didn't go to jail when they should have. We should follow Iceland's example next time. @StevenSinger3
Amen sister. That's the year I began to lose everything.
It changed my life .

For the worst .

And no way to avoid the fallout from 
other people's decisions and financial 
positions .

It sucked.
It had nothing to do with Wall Street & everything to do with Democrat shakedowns. Democrats own greed.
You're clueless about why this happened.  Ask Bill Clinton about his meddling in bank mortg loan practices, paperless, non-verification etc.
And that Trump is some kind of Orange-oompa-loompa  monster with bad hair.
But that's where we are headed again...get the trash in jail before it's too late!
Then Obama bailed them all out with taxpayers $.
But please, remind the media to remind me what a deplorable irredeemable racist homophobe I am. That'll help.
Nice to know that fake Indians can recognize FAILED demorat leftist policies
You mean the crash that was the result of Bill Clinton's Community Reinvestment Act and Gramm Leach? That crash?
You tripled my premium and quintupled my deductible. I want you ruined.
I liked my coverage and my doctor. I lost both.
And pass Obamacare. There's that, too.
I am pretty sure Barney Frank can explain how it happened
You bet we do.
So there was no government oversight of Wall Street in before 2008? There wasn't any way to say, regulate, the banks...
And Dems did nothing. Except jump on Twitter to kvetch about Wall Street greed.
Amazing how the Dems want to blame Republicans for wealth yet the Uber rich for the most part are Dems.
Look up Barney Frank and the let's make sure everyone can buy a house mentality.
Who signed the repeal of Glass-Steagall?
You spelled "Because of Clinton-era policies" wrong, Lieawatha.
The Wall Street that gives more to Dems than Reps?
2008 crash directly attributed to free trade deals NAFTA, GATT, INDIA. Who signed them into law?  @SenWarren
do u remember bailing out banker so they can get  bonus's  Dems waste Hard working ppls money u should be ashamed of ur policies
People also remember when in 2016 you conveniently changed your tune about Wall Street when you thought you had a shot to run with Hillary.

So do Republicans: spending every moment since blaming Dems for it. Bludgeoning you with lies.
Ask Hillary she knows them well
We know you remember Liz. That's when you and brother hit it big soaking up their homes. Re: short sales. and H- got paid $400,000 to speak.
Corporate Dems threw gasoline in the fire. Senator, I  your work but please do not identify with these corporatists- Policy > party
Greens remember Dems working with Repubs to create the situation. #DemEXIT
You're all in bed w/wall st what are u even saying??? Dems love and support wall st.
I remember that, I remember it going down & down, how is it doing now that Trump is president?
We most definitely do and we know what it took to recover from that
Sadly Mrs. Warren Most Dems  like Hillary dont care for The People you and Bernie care for Us you and Bernie are more Green than Dem
Almst like the white mans greed when they entered ur country on the mayflower & made you teach them how to grow corn,am I rite?
#pocahontas
I can stay assured that I did not vote for a deplorable man who is a disaster to this country by dividing it. We should talk; let's covfefe
You mean @HillaryClinton & @BarackObama 's friends?
They profit as the country burns in financial ruin. When will they be prosecuted? Apparently never.
and the liberal fair housing bill and Clinton repealing Glass-Steigel had nothing to do with it, I'm sure you blame republicans #fauxahantas
Every dem sitting squaw had their hand in the till
Is that when you were living on the reservation?
Trump is bragging about low unemployment numbers but they are all minimum or just above minimum wage jobs - we r struggling out here!
Never forget that!! A lot of ppl were damaged .
FOOL-actually cause you & Barney Frank and Chris Dodd demanded banks an Feds give loans to people who in no way could ever pay the mortage
And Wall Street heavily funded Democrats Obama and Hillary! What does that tell you? People need 2 wake up 2 the fact that Dems r crooks!
Try again on that wall st bit
U.S. House passed Dodd-Frank rollback legislation, 233-186

Republicans 233-1
Democrats 0-185
You certainly had no problem taking millions from Firms who Rep Wall Street or crowing for Hillary who took 30M +. Just stop.
NOT TRUE, fact is the Dems lead by Sen Barney Frank forced FNMA to make loans to low income pls w/bad credit, that couldn't pay, 43warned us
Extremely well to do need to ask themselves if they want to live in a third world country with angry mobs. A lot rests on them imo.
So why did your party use tax payer dollars to mitigate the damage those organizations suffered in this collapse?
Never forget
Greed is the high interest rates on credit cards & personal loans. This is usury created by dodd frank leg. Fix that
I remember that Dem Barney Frank was behind this. Made it easy for people to get loans to buy houses but not to pay for them. Great going.
Lost half of my 40k!
Keep up the fight! Future madam President!
I will never forget! My family lost their business and healthcare. Now companies are paying less and providing less benefits
Not it was because U #democrats wanted everyone to qualify, whe buying a house regardless of their credit!
Thank you for being courageous and not backing down from the bullies!
; Warren has amnesia when it comes to Barney Frank and friends forcing banks to give home loans to people without adaquit income.
More like Clinton's repeal of glass stegall act and subprime mortgages, a socialistic policy not free market policy. What else you got Liz?
And forget the millions who lost their good health insurance when Obamacare destroyed the industry. You own that failure.
The National Homeownership Initiative is what caused that you wrinkled nobody
Yeah, so I can't foresee any problems with privatizing air traffic control. NOT!
People lost everything because of their own reckless greed. Those who stuck it out made huge gains.
And yet you learned exactly zero from it. It was all set up by Clintons, Bushes ignored it and Obama & Dims profited from it.
But republicans have no memory of it whatsoever!
And don't forget homes! Mine happened to be one that went down in that crash!
"Reckless greed"...hmmm..does that include instructors who get paid over $400k to teach one course?
Brought on by gov'ts impossible regulations, such as Dodd/Frank
Who bailed them out ??
My husband lost $80K from his retirement acct. We remember!
Rehashing the past is not going to win Dems elections. Pls focus on the future and on getting new & better candidates
GOP=Greed Over People
Wish I could retweet this five million times. The @GOP is supposed to be the party of fiscal responsibility and self reliance. Yeah no.
Yes and how you bailed them out never punished them  and you getting compensated 500k for a speech
I remember, Elizabeth Warren run for President please.
The crash you made your money off of right? That one?
We are headed in that direction again & this time it will be worse!!
We live in a Capitalist Society. I believe you should use it as a tool, not worship it.
The government is the regulator, it needs to wield the tool, not use it to destroy the world.
Wall Street, following laws passed by Democrats, get blamed by Dems when said laws prove horrible.  Also see: #VA, #USPS, #SocialSecurity
I hope they *also* remember that they bailed out the banks instead of the thousands of homeowners who lost their homes.

Because I sure do.
Senator, you're fighting the good fight, keep it up. However, the 2008 bailout was some bullshit and the Dems are also culpable.
Senator, if democrats remember the 2008 crash, why did the Obama administration fail to prosecute a single person?
GW Bush justice department put the entire executive leadership of ENRON in federal prison for a much smaller crime.
In other words, you speak with a forked tongue, Pocahontas, just like when you lied about being an Indian
I know I'm supposed to make fun of her being an Indian...but I forgot...woo woo or red dot?
You mean because Frank/Clinton let every tom, dick and Harry get a mortgage they had no hope of ever paying
I remember and I remember before Obama care
... and no penalty to banks, executives, or stockholders!
My family was affected by this almost lost our home & vehicles.
But Faux Noose & Republicans believe Pres. Obama caused the crash.
Do you remember that it was your party with reckless banking regulations that caused the crash?
Ms. Warren, I remember too.  They have conveniently forgot it ever happened and that poor Mr. Obama made "AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"!
You haven't a clue
What about your lying greed on your resume so you could make more money claiming your an Indian..you're a liar
And also the 20 trillion in debt Obama left the country
Economic indicators continue to rise, dems can't stand success under Trump - let's incite fear, who cares about American citizens...Pathetic
How many Goldman Sachs alumni are in Trumps administration now? 5, 8?

Hiring the alligators to drain that swamp I guess.
Yes! And all those greedy people who crashed economy part of Trump's swamp
It was the policies supported by Democrats to expand home ownership that caused the housing bubble and subsequent crash. stop lying
I'm sorry Liz, I believe you do support a progressive fight, but don't try to sell me Joe Manchin when he agrees with Trump 50% of the time
Did you also remember how Obama with a Democratic majority and senate let those criminals walk away free?
Someday, @POTUS44 will be recognized for all the good things he did for USA. We just need to get rid of the idiot that GOP & Putin elected.
…and we ALSO remember that your party's Presidential nominee is a Wall Street stooge. So, cut the crap.
... doesn't everyone remember it? When a bunch of Americans thought it made financial sense to take out a $1M mortgage with $40K income?
Yeah, and we ALSO remember how the Democrats enabled & collaborated with the GOP in Iraq, and the War On Terror.
Remember the nut that said she was an Indian so she could steal a free education and get rich just on a senator's pay? How exactly do you?
We also remember Dems jailed zero bankers. Step up or get out of the way; our sandbox is broken, and pragmatic centrism won't save us.
