Why don't you look into Hillary / Obama conspiracy to overturn United States government into Islam world.
Goofy

The 21st century version of bumper sticker philosophy? 

There is a reason for the contempt you feel from "elites"
Why would you believe in those ppl who praise  Obama?
Please senator warren your little retirement plan you folks get up there on the Hill was well padded by bernie, like to see your investment portfolio then tell us about big money
Yes, and if Leona Helmsley was still alive, she would be the Secretary of Housing & Urban Development instead of Ben Carson.
FACTS!!!!
Fun facts. We need a good chuckle in these sad days.
An obvious choice judging by the rest of this administration.
who's the dummy managing your Twitter account, Chief Sitting Bullsh!t?
Who's managing YOUR Twitter account, Mr  Rude SOB?
James is just another denier of facts troll. Looked at his tweets, talk abut BS. Lol
what facts, dummy?

all I hear is the usual hysterical innuendo with nothing to back it up

150th verse, same as the first
Don't call me dummy, and expect to get an answer.
I called the other dummy a dummy, you dummy
His roommate will be trump
Great lines instead of great leadership but means nothing . When will House and Senate Democraps get it together and make a plan for 2018?
LOL ...so true!
yes...99.9 probability!
Don't give Trump an excuse to pardon him so that he could do it
He definitely would be in head of something.
He still may get the FBI job.
Yes, actually, I do.
If Clinton were president, perhaps. Didn't he donate more $ to Dems than GOP?
Trump also gave more money to Dems than GOP to the tune of nearly $200K between 1989 and 2010
Maybe  IF DJT actually wrote the check and not just made a promissory #todolist 
No i don't. Pocohantas
Don't tweet to hard The President might just pardon him.
Didn't he already have that job in the 90's
totally Madoff!
Yep
you should be in charge of Native American Indian relations
Nice going!  Now that you suggested that, he'll pardon Madoff and appoint him to the SEC.
El Chapo for DEA
Do you ever get the feeling that Seth Rich was murdered by the DNC for leaking emails? I do.
His name was Seth Rich!!!
#sethrich
He should be playing Gin with Hillary in prison. She's worse than him
How is that? Please explain.
I say Madoff beats Trump in 4-straight, best-of-7 chess match.
No doubt if Andrew Jackson were still around he'd be Trump's choice for head of the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Do your job Senator like trying to get disabled senior citizens a property tax cut like SC has. Stop whining will you. Do your job in MA.
He probably wouldn't be in prison except he stole from the rich
surprised he is not pardoned
Sad! But true.
I'd laugh,  but you're probably right
Yes,under the Obama Administration
right you are--as usual!
Probably a friend of Trumps. Maybe they. Should be together
Or in Trump's cabinet.
Don't know. However... Do you get the feeling that if Bernie SANDERS were President right now, we'd be doing pretty damn good?
This has been fun but now you speak reality. Shedding Tears for lost hope
Like in three hundred years, Berniphiles will be sighing wistfully, "If only Bernie were President of Earth...."
Not a bad idea though...
+
Hillary Clinton should be in jail Senator Warren and you know it.  If this was a Republican you would be demanding his head on a platter .
Don't even Mention Hillary Clinton being dishonest.  Are you nuts?  Hillary is the purest, shinning princess God ever gave us. 
I love democrats.. Kings of the hypotheticals. All talk no action. All accusations no proof. They dont want to work with the president. GOOF
Good one!!!!
And if you hadn't been caught you would have still been lying about being native American getting undo benefits???
Love the humor! Thank you for the good fight!
No surprise if he was involved somehow.
Yep
Yes
Idiot
Please, Ma'am, don't give them any ideas. Trump could decide to do just that. EGAD.
Thank you for not giving up.
I get the feeling that even prison wouldn't stop Trump from considering this, and the GOP would be ok with it too!
True!
#funnystuff
Good one! There is some truth in all comedy
Bernie Madoff is only in prison because he stole from the rich. if he stole from folks like me then maybe Trump would give him a cabinate.
Good one! Without a shadow of a doubt!
surely you are embarrassed to have suggesed this complete rubbish.
Keep hearing the moment in the upcoming HBO Madoff trailer where DeNiro says: there is no innocent explanation.
Without a doubt!!! After all Trump & Mnuchin would be happy to have him!
The only feeling I get is disgust for the abundance of fake news promoted by you and your dishonest colleagues
YES!
Fact: He is in prison. Fact: You are not an Indian Fact: Cankles lost and will never, ever be POTUS
Maybe his Deputy could be #MarthaTheFelon
And you would be Chief of the tribe...
You can't control yourself can you Liz?
Great observation Senator!!
Good one,!!! (Sadly true)

I'm freaked out enough .. 
it doesn't need that added!!
LOL
Don't give 45 any ideas. He'll pardon then appoint him.

Securities Exchange Commission or South East Conference? Either
No, but if Hillary was in prison you would be in charge on bathroom duties in the Senate, Pocahontas!
You can count on that! Let's not forget the mind behind DJT was Roger Stone. A Senseless man w/it's lies strategies

@VwVirginiawhite 100%
You win Twitter today!
Strom Thurmond and Jesse Helms would have had Session's and Ben Carson's jobs
Yeah, giving DeVos advice ...
Funny and sad 'cause it's so true 
No
Absolutely!
Well, #Trump could commute his sentence now, couldn't he? Perhaps I shouldn't be giving him any ideas. 
So funny Fake Indian. He went to prison for lying. You got a freed ride. Thousands on the right are going to donate to Diehl for senate. Bye

Yes! Just about sums up the level of integrity of this administration.
Did someone forget to delete scheduled tweets? There are bigger things happening today!
Why not? Bernie, like Trump, ran a family business with no oversight and mysterious accounting practices.
Stop giving ideas that he might actually like! 
what about trying to get Comey to be the special prosecutor?
Yes

I thought Trump would pardon him for the job.
Oh please don't give Trump any ideas ... 
Yessssssss!
Lol!
Trump>who's the BEST person for a job-let's get the opposite of that
MadoffforSEC!
Easy to criticize isn't it? Our President has done more since being elected than Obama did in 8 years.
So true
I said that last week. Posted on fb. He is even worse draining American money. Good job@SenWarren
No. Do you get the feeling that @POTUS Madoff with millions from Russia? #Russiagate.
You are absolutely correct! ....
Who says he's not... from his cell. 
#LockHimUp
Watch for an EO from Trump
Sooooo true
There's still a chance CROOKED @realDonaldTrump will pardon him & make him @IvankaTrump's executive assistant.
Selling favors
@susan_blakely 
Kinda like - if trump wasnt in prison, hed be president right now.
Sad but true. Every time I read an article about what's happening w/our government these days,I feel like I need to take a shower
Be careful...he does have the power to pardon  It could happen yet!!
. @SenWarren Careful, he is just one pardon away!
Yes he would
And yes i do getbthat feeling. Clinton/Warren 2020
Sounds about right for what's happening these days. Scary
Elizabeth you and Hillary need yo run for office together. Period. We need women who do things right
There's a lot of senator and congress people that should be in jail also
Any other time that would be a joke, not today.
And how much are you worth ? What a fraud !
@POTUS only likes crooks who weren't captured.
Waiting for Michael Milken to show up too.
Maybe even President
Not a doubt in my mind!!!
No, but you are obviously a socialist.
No question !!  DUMP DUMBSTER !
I disagree, Senator.  @POTUS would've chosen him to be @USTreasury Secretary to reload the swamp.
Anyone but lying Poco
The question is Pocohantis, what would you be in charge of. Perhaps queen of seditious bull crap!
I think the Senate would confirm him from his prison cell.
#Clayton is way more polished though!
And I thought Bernie Madoff was an asshole. #ThisIsntNormal
Yes!
Bahahaha!!!!
@Sttbs73 And #45 would describe him as a fine businessman.
LOL, Hahahaha!!
You are the female version of Bernie madoff
Well, he was one of the boys in the dupe the public crowd of casino finances 
Yes, I do.
Yuo probably don't know the first thing about, your a socialist.
Better him or any of the stupid democrats. Don't forget who was president then. Your failed Obama could do anything right.
Wouldn't surprise me if Trump pardoned him & did just that. Everything is crazy now.
Absolutely!
I get the feeling your a lunatic Lizzy
No he'd be appointed secretary of the treasury.
Good burn Senator. Well timed. Well placed.
Makes you wonder if the Dipshit will pardon him on the way out?
Do you get the feeling that you should be institutionalized for your looney bin claims
Don't give the angry yam any ideas...
Oh Senator, that is so funny because it really could be true
Don't say that Trump may realize that he is not in charge of the SEC and will try and put him there LOL
Yes he would senator
I do think u & Schumer & clinton should be charged with SEdition!
If Al Capone wasn't dead, he'd be in charge of the IRS
Most thoughtful insight I have read in days!!
He could be in charge of the SEC from prison. What's the problem?
He may be, in the Jared"no 'official' salary" job category.
No but I get the feeling HRC should be in prison right now!

..Technically, Senator, a guy affiliated with his ilk, already is.

The eToys case proves Sachs frauds

http://tinyurl.com/jdghe53 
No - by now he would have long been the Treasury Secretary!
I believe so!!!
Shuuu he may pardon  him to give him the damn job..
yes
yes you are right!
No I don't and probably no one else does either
Appointed by the president? Absolutely yes
Total embellishment fauxahontas
Go home, you're drunk! What the neck kind of comment is this!
Yep #SwampNowCesspool
when are Dems going to stand up and force Ryan's hand, this is ridiculous
Yes!
Do you get the feeling that if Hillary visited any of the states in the blue wall, she would have won?
Yes, he will...
Trump still could pardon the guy
He would be golfing with the ....
Yes!!!!!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha, you a mess. Like Morgan Freeman said on Driving miss Daisy....gwon way from here.
Or Treasury ...
He is a Palm Beach guy
We could only hope
No!  Budget director!  Or Treasury Sec!
@realDonaldTrump  bahaha. True.
Senator, both parties have been running a Ponzi scheme for 30 years. 20 Trillion in the red.
I'm just hoping he has an empty bunk in his cell...something suitable for a loud, orange cellmate...
Or those crafty Enron guys
