I'd rather congress root out all the fraud in government
I say the same about our government
What do the Wells Fargo employees in your state think of you?
So if corporations are people how come they don't go to prison how can we don't keep crime statistics on them like on real people
What about prison sentences for the white collar executive criminals involved?
If you want I have a 23 minute video of a Wells Fargo branch manager who couldn't even figure out the paperwork you needed to close my accou
These Banks get away with fraud by mysteriously losing payments deleting in House videos hidden fees Etc we want you to go after them
Can I review this for you? If so, pls DM your name, phone #, mailing address, and the referenced address (no acct #). ^AS
I say it is time to break up big banks.
I say it's time to break up big government
Yes the Democrats should be held accountable,and yes I am a democrat..........soon to be a Republican!!!!!!!!
You're the Legislature, not the Executive. Do. *Your*. Job.
why is no one going to jail?
Because liberals are above the law
Thank you for confronting the truth. There are too many companies leading and abusing their employees in this same capacity.
Why can't they drop interest on college loans?

Amen!
The first fraud to be rooted out was you
That's all I ask @SenWarren!
YES. THERE. A. BUNCH. DISHONEST  POEPLE
If an individual robbed as much money as Wells Fargo got commuting this fraud they'd be in prison for a long time 01 of 02
So True..  No Fear of Jail. Why they do
What about the Federal reserve?
All of #ElizabethWarren's finance-related questions, summarized in 5 sentences: https://goo.gl/QYW6c8 
........and hold you accountable for saying you're Native American @SenWarren #jokesonyou #lies #talkbullshitrepeat
If you are serious about bank fraud , then prove it by investigating the Sanders
FTC can't do much unless more ppl speak up and complain about these crooks.
Agreed!
Should hold u table first
Your right let start with the clintons
Thanks for working on behalf of consumers like no other, to protect all US citizens from crooked bank & insurance practices.
Best thing i have ever herd you say
I worked for WFB in the 90s-same things going on THEN. This isn't recent but for decades. Wrote to the banking chair no response.
You didn't hold them accountable. How many times have you grilled them in hearings? None are in jail. Government then gives them bailouts.
Why can't the Congress do both? Aren't you capable of discerning the good from the bad?
Well, that would make sense. So it probably won't happen.
Weak rules allow scumbag liars to remain in the Senate. Here is a picture of one of those scumbags.
@IBM @GinniRometty run this schme  you do zero  ttps://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1501757579249
What about Russia?  Or maybe we could accuse Wells of colluding with the Russians - you don't need any proof of that.
Even my liberal American Imigrant sister in law likes what Trump is doing, oh, she also lives in your district.
Including you!
No one or no corporate entities are above the law... Congress must Act Immediately.
I appreciate wisdom, but you act things like his are intentional. A huge company with a mil employees, errors like this are bound to happen.
Yes all the fraud that happened under the democrats is coming to light.
Obama. Wall Street. Bailout. That was the chance. Democrats were as subservient to corporatists as Republicans. Talk now is dirty cheap
Idea for their new head offices
Time to go back to the roots
Sense when did you care about banks you supported Hillary who was funded by the big bad banks and so were you #hypocrite
It costed money for fees for my roommate to close his account and get away from them.  He now has a better bank.
Now yer talkin' - outlaw usury. (not that you'll ever get re-elected).
They're dragging their feet for a reason. I wonder why?
The apocalypse is near! I agree with you 100%. Fines punish shareholders and employees who had nothing to do with it. Jail time 4 exec's.
This is what I say to Wells Fargo 
If hey did that there would be no dems in office
Didn't Clinton Foundation deal with WellsFargo?
Talk about fraud, you look like an Indian don't you ?? Oh that jaw bone
Same with Senate campaign finances as well.
Hold people accountable? Kinda like telling lies about your Native American heritage?? Hypocrite! You're as bad as Gore!!
That would be common sense for normal people but congress is never normal or able to do common sense things!
Why don't you investigate the unmasking of the American people? Hmm not interested in that are you?
I feel the same way about the government. Weed them out and prosecute. The list is long.
From YOU..That's HILARIOUS! Your such a LYING HYPOCRITE POCAHONTAS!
Completely agree on the need for accountability. Let's just hold the right people accountable and not everyone in our path
Put Bernie on it, I hear he knows a lot about bank fraud.
Congress?!  WELLS FARGO found & disclosed the issue.  There are 1000's at Wells working hard to turn the ship. And you're not helping.
The fraud that's going to be"rooted"out will be in the Democratic party... we got you now
Damn right!!!!
Lets  start with the Clinton foundation.
I agree, just like we need to make you crooked politicians accountable. 
Why didn't you hold the banks accountable when they took homes from your constituents?
who cares?  it's @comcast yall need to put on blast
can you  concentrate on important matters more so than worrying about Wells Fargo you should have the Democrats do something with Healthcar
When CEOS and other executives who break banking laws knowingly, go on trial and go to jail, I will believe that there is equal justice!
Yes like mad max waters and her husband..Bernie and his wife..shultz and her "IT tech"..
All for bank fraud!!
Okay @SenWarren, you can start with your chums @BernieSanders and @MaxineWaters. Step into my office...because you're fired!
And prison time for those involved
That would be Trump's buddies.
Congress created these monster banks. This is the result of your handy work back in 2008.
Accordingly, the WH should root out all the fraud in Congress and hold the tight people accountable there as well.
Sounds like new immigration will guarantee Americans loosing higher paying jobs
You can say the same thing about congress
YES!
Amen to that. I will NEVER BANK WITH THEM AGAIN. DONT TRUST WELLS FARGO. WILL RUIN YOUR CREDIT SCORE WITH FAKE ACCT
Still not sure why executives from the crash didn't go to jail while people lost their homes and had their lives destroyed.
If they rooted  out the fraud you would not have a job
What about holding congress accountable?
Your a broken record.
How about rooting out all the fraud in Federal benefits so that the folks who really need help can get it!
Check with #BankFraudBernie. He'll help ya out.
Rootout end payoff  Prosecute fully No leniency
Like Donny Jr Kushner Russian prosecute fully

Dump Trump all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
Ok enough tweets on Wells Fargo today 
We are banking on you!
Well then how the hell would the mega-rich get even richer? Lighten up, @SenWarren!
Fraud is furthering ones career by appropriating the identity of a Native American.
Liz is a stooge
Check into the fraud at the DNC and DWS and hold them accountable for that money????? REAL NEWS!!
Amen
Start prosecuting criminal/fraudulent Wall Streeters! Fines and "We're sorry (we got caught)" not enough deterrent.
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Root out the FRAUDS in the US Senate while you're at it ...
#FakeIndian
Senator, that ain't happening. Remember Wachovia scandal? Who changed their name to? You guessed it, Wells Fargo. SNAFU
Yep.But while we R at that & Trump/Russia, let's go ahead and look at DNC/Clinton/Lynch etc potential crimes and misconduct. Clean it all up
Same with senators
I agree that bad people should be punished, but I have been banking with WF since they took over Wachovia & never have a problem.
How many of those GOP congressmen are heavily subsidised by these corrupt banks??
Can we hold you accountable for all the shit that comes out of your mouth!?
Except they take it out on employees, less than 2% annual raise while mgmt takes millions.
No bank should be "too big to fail" let them fail and other banks will place appropriate precautions to risk.
They don't care, their $ is in off shore banks, so it doesn't affect them. Vote the GOP out. Time 2 "Lift America Up"
Send them to prison!

MT @CitizensMandate: Obamacare Epitome Of DC Double Standard! Rule For Insiders & Rule For People  #FullRepeal #PJNET
Won't happen, they were already let off the hook over the 2002 scandal of dual accounts!
And it'll keep happening until a big bank isn't saved by the taxpayer.
@WellsFargo and othr banks will operate this way until they are reigned in. Keep up the good work @SenWarren
If ONLY that could happen
Right after we root out the fraud that is congress nothing but a bunch of losers who only care about themselves need to be voted out
Hay Pocahauntis, are you referring to BERNIE SANDERS ?
Start with Bernie SANDERS
Implicating yourself, however a wonderful idea. Holding criminals accountable.
We first need to start by rooting out all the fraud in Congress #TermLimits #TermLimit #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Always wanting to root out fraud everywhere but the federal government. That 200+billion a year would pay for even more medicaid
And not appoint them as presidential advisers 
this is not opening up the regulations. this is out and out theft.  arest these crooked thugs and put them away for life
Unless they can prove they're illegal immigrants - then give them sanctuary and pretend the crime didn't happen.
Part of that needs to include #justicereform to prevent #wrongfulconvictions that allow our "Fundamental Constitutional Rights" to be denied
But they wont
Isn't that in the job description? Let's strike one up for the little guy.
Liz! Good to see you!! How did therapy go?
Ms Warren, please look into Maxine Waters bank situation...I think your going to find something!!
Yes you should start with Bernie Sanders and his wife.  Hits to close to home huh.  #draincareerpoliticians
Ru sure,Democrat's would have less money in their contribution box
Democrats are crooks and you're one of the biggest Pocahontas
Yes Yes and YES
You will find they are more democrats in charge of the banks
And do the same for OBAMA, Abedin, Clintons, Comey, Lynch, etc!
Well you appear to be an expert on fraud.....
How about the folks that commit bank fraud?  #Janesanders
And break up corporations who defy law & steal from Americans.
Less worried about being cheated out of funds as we are about being cheated out of medicine. Roll back CDC prescribing guidelines for opioid
Funny how you didn't say a word when Comey sat on the board at HSBC and Lynch let them off fraud/laundering charges with a simple fine.
Key word .....Congress....and hurry while he holds that pen in his hand
Like they did during the bailouts. *awkward pause* Oh. They didn't? *more awkward pause* How about that North Korea?
Isn't it time to check their books to see how Wells survived the mortgage crisis relatively unscathed?
When will you be held accountable?
Won't happen with this administration!
8 yrs of @dem making banking rules and look at the mess they are made.
I love this .. but can we please root out all fraud in our Executive Branch at the same time?
too big to fail = too big to jail :s
Why don't get your ass out and break up the fraud in government programs. Afraid you might lose some voters???
Go gettem Elizabeth!! POTUS won't do anything
This is so true!!
What's the penalty for impersonating an Indian?
Wouldn't hurt if avg Americans closed their accts w/ Wells Fargo. Sadly GOP's constituents R big corporations like banks, fossil fuel ind.
May want to check the DNC donor list and where Bill and Hilary got all their money from.
How much did Wells Fargo pay you for a speech?
 @SenWarren I'm a victim of WF fraud, which left me financially & emotionally broke & devastated. UR WORK IS APPRECIATED & VITAL! THANK U 
I agree.  Hey, lets apply that same strategy to the fraud and corruption in the House and Congress!! #DrainTheWashingtonSwamp #Pocahontas
What about the bail out you supported were most of the money went to the CEO's! Do you think we have forgotten about it! Pocahontas
Same thing should be done to Congress
While i love ur stance, sadly it doesnt do anything. Someone gets "in trouble" over it, resigns, and is given a multi million$ parachute....
So long as that practice is permitted there will never be TRUE accountability. Remove the safty nets if you want to succeed.
Senator, I don't know exactly how this works so I'll ask. Do we know for certain that Trump's signature is on the sanctions bill?
Two words: Maxine Waters
Go away Pocahontas
Bankers are like Democrats, no one is held accountable
If Democrats are not held responsible, please explain what goes on with the racist, sexist Republicans??
Now what health care plan do you use? I'll bet it's not obamacare. But you want all your voters to suffer with it. Do your job missy!
I've written computer programs from Gov't rules on welfare.  Illegals are NOT allowed Gov't welfare - except hospitalization given by Raygun
Stunning that this can be anything but bipartisan. What's missing from Republican populism is concern for actual people.
...but that would mean locking up the @GOP's largest campaign donors. #Corruption #fraud #GOP
Amen, if we the citizens had cheated or defrauded the government we'd be in jail by now!
#WellsFargo is part of the Federal Reserve - so revoke, cancel, repeal, annul, rescind, or repeal the Fed charter! Problem fixed! @POTUS
Warren u want 2 tighten the rules on every company 2 have more power over we the people there should B more rules 2 tighten down on Congress
Accountable! YOU VOTED NO TO AUDIT THE FED. $9 TRILLION OF TAX PAYER MONEY DOLED OUT to criminal banks and entities. Shame on you!
How about rooting out Gov fraud
When r we the people going 2 hold the government accountable they create more problems than they ever solved they r the biggest con-artist
Hey Pocahontas. Aren't you part of Congress?
And the FBI should hold all of Obama's Administration accountable for their crimes also.
only when criminal behavior is punished at top corporate level (not money) corrective measures will be taken
Fraud??? Didn't you say you were Native American?? Now that's fraud..
Troll
Does the truth hurts ??
