Why don't you introduce legislation for a student loan forgiveness plan for people who have been paying down their loans for 10+ years?
If we can bail out banks too big to fail we can help avert the next economic tsunami of default on student loans.
Something needs to be done. Now paying any where from 6.5 to 9% for student loans  this is robbery
Make public colleges and universities tuition free.
Can we PLEASE take up student loan refinancing next?! This debt & ridiculous interest rate is crushing. We need relief!!
Have you had your lenders refinance and defer your loans without telling you? Mine did.
No! That's terrible. I consolidated mine & then found out the amt due in interest is = to my total amount left to pay which is infuriating
so not cool
Nope!
if u can afford school go to work for a company that pays for your school or join military CHOICEs
You going to make a great President.
did u sign a contract if u did pay it back u made the choice u could have worked & paid for school while attending
Why wasn't this passed last year or the year before? Oh wait the fix was in. Not! Clinton didnt win!!
The Feds should get out of the loan business. Let the market take care of it. You'll have happier people with more mobility.
Dissolve the @usedgov and get govt out of education.  They have helped turn colleges into snowflake breeding grounds.
Tryed for years to get a loan guess you just dont give them to white men so dont care what happens to it
They need to pay their own debt. It's their oroblem not yours
@TheDemocrats should be holding press conf calling on GOP to act against this #LiarInChief Lie after lie after lie, while US being attacked.
Senator Warren, your hatred for President Trump has blinded you from common sense.
Is it like an Indian giver?
did u say u were going to pay back the money if so pay it back
we need government oversight over government oversight now...please vote Democrat 2018, better toppings, better pizza
Liz, you need to go back and rethink this. It's just more stupid legislation from your stupid mind.
Were you sleeping when you had Obama as President?Looks like you just woke up .
https://youtu.be/lAVaK5cdUxE 
... but don't you charge a lot for one class! It's a scam but people are stuck need help but it was a choice they made.
You choose school & degree choice it's your responsibility! Worked paid for my own engineering degree! Tuition to much..
do more
Cogress needs to cut you off at the pass.
Interest charged to banks for the bailout was? Students shouldn't be pay in some cases triple what our gov charged the big banks
More socialist programs.  Threats to our country from without and within should be addressed first.  With dems obstruct are poisoning well.


What what half white Barry screwed up
CONGRESS SHOULD PASS A BILL TO AUDIT THE FED! You voted NO. $9 TRILLION Where did it go? SHAME ON YOU..America needs to know who got $$$
The wrong direction is keeping known liars in the Senate. Let me point one out.
You should read UNDEMOCRATIC @JaySekulow,maybe you'd stop tweeting and do something to fix the real problems. #wrongagenda
Once again this is on you and your cronies.
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
What are you getting out of it liz?
Interest rates higher than mortgages
Wrong direction is money for student loans being used for anything but tuition and books.
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work! Free markets not government interference
More socialism shut up lying wannabe native!
how about colleges start giving rebates to overcharged students.
You should have a bill that forces dead beats to pay their bills. They read the loan applications.

But if people go to school them might learn how to spot the lies and not vote for them.
Thank you @SenWarren !
Stop robbing students who are trying to do the right thing! In this economy student loan interest rates should be 1-3%. My car was 0.9%!
Why don't you just pay off their loans with some of the millions of dollars indirectly paid to you by the PHARMACEUTICAL LOBBYIS
The only time things go in wrong direction is when you socialist dems are involved
Will it help your Native American ancestors? You fraud and liar!!!!
But DeVos and Trump are making millions in side money from other interested parties. We all know them, even Canada is joining the debate.
Just curious how they are making millions? List only the facts.
The real problem
We could tax the wealthiest and big businesses like we did before RR and allow students free or semi free college based on GPAs.
#ShutItTheFuckDown
Congress should be locking down the govt until #Mueller takes @realDonaldTrump away in straight jacket and tiny handcuffs. No budgets
Mueller needs to resign.
@usedgov is a really poor choice for a name. About time for a new gov in 2018. @usedgov try not to put too much wear and tear on it.
Has anyone pointed out to the Dept of Ed's twitter handle reads as "used government"? #Education
Get college cost under control
But, they passed the bankruptcy reforms to ensure that fewer people would go to college, aka the "right" direction.
reduce tuition, cap admin salary, athletic/acad budget equality, reduce online deg cost, lower int rates, extend pub serv loan forgiveness..
A decent job while attending school and a decent job after they graduate, that is good assurance. WE are dying and u count bullets.
You folks need to change your handle. It can be read 'used gov'
Always a champion of the little person, thank you .
So thats it?  You are now on to Student Loan issues instead of working with Repubs to resolve issues with Healthcare??  #patheticpoliticians
Fauxcahontas endorsed Crooked Hillary
So the tax payers can foot the bill.
Maybe just the ultra wealthy like Trump who pay less than the rest of us do.
Teach them to invest like Maxine Waters, and they'll be able to pay those loans back!
But the GOP Congress is not for the average guy remember the tax cut for the rich?
So the tweets weren't because you are outraged it was because you want the Dems bill to get passed - all you politicians r pathetic
Thank you, Senator, for being proactive, working across the aisle, & probably keeping someone from abusing thr position.
That's what we need is more big government involved in OUR lives!
Tell me 1 thing congress has passed this yr ?
Any update on forgiveness from for profit colleges? Wife is sitting on paused debt and accruing mountains of debt with no information.
Hell, it worked for you though didn't it?
I concur
Thank you for being one of the few sens who routinely addresses the student loan crisis. #Pslf @ProtectPSLF
Congress should pass nothing until Healthcare is fixed
Because it's proven to be such an easy process? Or should we just shutdown the government entirely?
Congress should also pass the repeal of #Obamacare but you obstructionist #LiberalLosers just vote No. So on behalf of #WeThePeople bit it.
Why repeal Obamacare? Why not fix the parts that don't work?
@SenateDems Why did the government take over student loans?  Tuition has gone up exponentially since.
Waste of my money
Congress needs to get the federal gov't out of the student loan business.
Everything is for free. Because you want higher taxes and big gov't.
unfortunately you're fighting against people that want to see Gov. Depts, fail, in order to make the government smaller.
Students borrow student pay.
Should it really cost over 100k and 9% interest for the opportunity to get a better job that pays a living wage?

We need Student Loan forgiveness! Only then can we prosper!
huge thanks to you Senator Warren and all others who stood on top of this and changed its course !!



There should be a movement of millennials who pledge to vote for anybody who forgives student loans. We will call it #LoanTheVote
They already do that. Keywords to get Millennial votes:

"Black women"
"Education"
"Russia"

Then they dont say those words for 4 years.
I'm sorry Senator, but I don't have much faith that our current legislative system will be on the right side of history anytime soon.

Student loan problems in America needs to be solved. People graduated with debts and they can't find a job to repay their loans
Nah, Trump has them busy jumping for his ego. When he is finished playing with them, he will then try a coup.

Nice smile love it

You need to pick a direction. In 5 minutes:

"These people are trying to screw you"
"These people are doing good"
"Hey, look at this bill.."

I'm glad you're on this Senator. You look out for the American people.

please No
Might have to hold onto that one till 2018 or 2020.   
(Since you won't budge McConnell or Ryan)
#Trump employing someone who  has never had any affiliation with the education system, should have raised all the red flags.
Your messiah terrorist in our WH for 8 years had no experience.
Whilst #Trump sat down in his tower and tweeted about shit he didn’t understand.
You forget who brought the country's economy, housing, employment, manufacturing back from the recession

HINT: It wasn’t #Trump
Please, this must be fixed. People from 20 to 70 years old are burdened
#Trump's a liar  
#Trumpcare
#TrumpRussia
#HealthcareBill
#FireJeffSessions
#FireJaredKushner
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Thank you Senator for protecting my children's student loans! and for everything else you do in the fight for our democracy!
Well let's see if you can get that done after being an obstructionist in the first 6 months.

You know "resist" can work two ways
ASAP. Let's make it happen. Go Liz
Can we stop Sessions
Pocahontas
Wow. Racist much?
How is that racist. They are pointing out how Senator Warren claimed to be Native American with absolutely ZERO documentation.
We went the wrong direction putting your corrupt butt in the Senate.
Your cottage cheese butt.
