Think tanks play a critical role in shaping policy, but their credibility is jeopardized when decisions are based on funder preferences.
WOW!!!!!
news should be publicly funded & nonprofit, like health care. That way they are not beholden to shareholders, advertisers or contributors.
Sorry, but then you get government controlling the news!
No, you get non-profit. Where news has no agenda, no financial backer, and is not controlled by donors or driven by profits.
Well, I like that idea if you mean like PBS.  But the GOP isn't exactly "for" them.
Google & Facebook are far too powerful. In any other industry they would be broken up as unfair monopolies
It is not like a utility company cornering a market. People choose to use Facebook and Google no one makes you. Police yourselves.
Digital companies are becoming the new utilities
Are you troubled by antifa hate and violence,by illegal aliens eating up our wealth/jobs,killing us or http://terroris.You  phoney hack.
You sound like just another paranoid person, sir, who is not accepting that fact that we cannot be an island in the world.
Life in the USA is troubling theses days, Senator Warren...
Real life proof of how we need to get money out of politics. Google "shaping" opinion here is equivalent to policy in DC.
Why? It fits your party's motiff
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
So, when will anti-monopoly law be applied to @Google?
This was very disturbing.  Important read!
Bust up Google, Facebook. Monopolies
You forgot Amazon...
Girl, I sure did!  Bust up Amazon too!  Monopoly
Are you gonna stand up for the fired Google employee who dared to use his own think tank? Or do you just pretend to fight for the underdog?
please stay on this.  monopolies are causing inequality and destroying the "free market" libertarians & GOP claim to love so much.
No kidding!!!!  I think everyone is aware of this.
Just because a company is new and prosperous does not translate into inclusive innovative forward thinking
Another case of big corporations trying to silence critics. They'd all like us to stick our heads in the sand and pretend everything's OK.
#WarrenFranken2020
Company motto is/was "Do no evil". Maybe needs an update "Monopoly = Money"
What a disturbing article.  
 Google totally SUCKS.
I may have to get used to BING.   What Google is doing is wrong.
Which Google actions are more "troubling":
-pressuring voluntarily funded foundation?
-firing employee for having wrong gender views?
What about the various shifty think tanks who do not disclose influence or donors yet influence your decisions as a lawmaker?
Switching to BING & Yahoo!
Story covers for google in the way it avoids context; google charged for freeloading adds causing demise of much needed real journalism.
When money is involved, influence follows. To think otherwise is naive at best. Troubling? Yes. Surprising? Hell no.
Build the wall cut taxes MAGA
Umm, doesn't one rule out the other? You can't cut taxes, build a 25 billion dollar wall and have a great country. Unless you are in the 1%?
Just the agenda of the SJW thought police that people like you created being carried out.
He funds your existance
What is troubling is falling for the notion that mega powerful monied interests can be lovers of truth.  THAT is troubling. They NEVER are.

Hard to imagine G predicted this reaction.  Not great PR.  Seems like a rare faux pas by image conscious G.

Oh, now it's troubling? Hipócrita!
Your base likes cracking down on and policing thought though, Madam Senator.
Say hello to your little friends ,
#Antifa is owned by @thedemocrats. They will never scrape this scum from their image. Power of social media.   
Senator, can you sound the alarm so to speak? Most of us are freaking out.
Not only thing troubling. Silence by D's and media in criticizing Antifa and other far left hate groups is a threat to our democracy. Shh.
You are troubled!
Silence the critics voices... even though they may have legitimate points to make!
This is standard liberals ops, why would anyone be surprised or troubled?
.@FranklinFoer has a new book on just this coming out in September World Without Mind @penguinpress
Yes but why do You think so?
Racist assholish remark.
I read it because I thought it was about YOU. Not as troubling as I thought it would be
Get a new word.  Troubling tested well I'm sure, but is now played out and obvious talking point.  Wonder why you keep losing elections?
You should see what they do to employees they dont like.
What's troubling is you don't give a damn about the American people
Your false claim of be Cherokee is also troubling.
Really? Someone who jeopardized $2illion in funding let go is troubling, but Google fires a guy for his viewpoint you have no problem?
You are so 2 faced with your defense of when it's ok to fire someone. Pathetic
You're more troubling!
Warn you are troubling.  I'm a constituent here in Massachusetts and embarrassed to say you're my senator.
Be Blessed Elizabeth!
Blessed by a demon
This was about as pointless as trickle down economics. Did you know mathematically speaking the trickle down from 80's won't reach workers..
Until 2285. It takes 200 yrs for the trickle down to reach workers. So it was a con job by corporations.
At this rate by 2020 80% of world will be living in poverty.
It's not just USA 60% of the world population is in poverty. Corporations are forcing competitive driving down cost for per hour pay.
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely". 
Truisms are true for a reason.
I hate google they are holding my business listing hostage
You're troubling Pochohantas...Google needs to be muzzled and not allowed to engage in thought control and one way tolerance!
Think tanks are overrated. You want real feedback, survey thousands of business owners in exchange for a small write off on taxes. More data
Google is pairing with WalMart; expect nothing good from them.
Expect the dress code at Google to improve

In a normal world, it would be troubling. In Trump's USA, no. When your house is burning down, it's hard to worry about watering the plants.
No it's not. Too coy McCoy signing on.
Responses worth reading:
Intercept:
https://theintercept.com/2017/08/30/google-funded-think-tank-fired-google-critics-after-they-dared-criticize-google/ …

Zephyr Teachout 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/posteverything/wp/2017/08/30/zephyr-teachout-google-is-coming-after-critics-in-academia-and-journalism-its-time-to-stop-them/?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.160e25593dd8#comments …
Matt Stoller:
Really . Did you just wake up from a long sleep ?
Company's/ people do not like their views to be challenged. As demonstrated by our brexit negotiators. where are the pragmatists?
Elisabeth Warrenさん

    This story is troubling.

Thank you very much.

@SenWarren @kenvogel
At least they didn't beat'em like "Antifa" does to peaceful protesters.
Better than yours.
More than likely at Nancy Pelosi's.
A "think" tank with one source of funding. How much thinking there? I'll bet they're thinking about pleasing the people with the money.
The rot is every where that mega money goes but let's be clear these think tanks are nothing but propaganda operations for Corporations
Term limits!
However, the fact that there is a story out there is encouraging.
I mean, I missed story about Jared Kushner trying to make it on their own in a deep space mining colony.
The only true way to clean up a lot of the mess in politics in Washington to pass constitutional amendment for term limits
What are you protesting for Elizabeth isn't that what you want, to stifle people's free speech?
Isn't that why you support
BLM & Antifa
What's troubling is being shocked that this occurred-Google is tyrannical just as other amoral corp. whose sole reason for existing is $$
True this is widespread issue with MOST corporations
I now have a headache ..anyone else? & "Mrs #Slaughter" , really?! Lmao !!
You are troubling
considering your support and encouragement of fascist, violent, intolerant hate groups, we would think you would support these actions
Leave it to pocohontas to be worried about crap like this as the country suffers. When will she denounce her hitler youth resistance?
Ya think?
More BS from the nation's big tabloid rag! Who spin lies just to sell papers!
Your another liar that n eds to retire
Think tanks main purpose is to jusfify their funder's continued practices, right or wrong.
Whats troubling is you haven t condemned Antifa yet. I thought you were a leader. Show it and condemn
Why dont you worried about all Americans except your special interest groups.#MAGA
because i am waisting
That's not any different than Google censoring conservative views but I don't see you complaining about that
Hey, if you want to go after a really big cartels, I know of a private bank one I can give you a lot of info on.  DM me.

Yes.  Add it to the pile.  #SaveOurCountry
Just as troubling as your claims of being Native American #Pocahontas #Bettyexposes
