You as well as the liberal loser left are all anti police and the smart Americans all know that. Nice try poco.
Thank you Ms. W. classy comment. Should have been what 45 tweeted but, stuck in rabbit hole.
terrible person Elizabeth Warren is!  She needs to resign
Why do you only pay women 70% of what you pay men?
I can't support you on this, because I had a very bad racist experience with police while visiting the capital.
Speaking of your staff, is there a reason why you paid your female staff 30% less than your male staff last year?
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 #Law Watching Spicer Squirm. Stay Focused & DEMAND Independent Investigator, NOW https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edi …
They should escort you out!  Term limits
. We appreciate all Law enforcement.
go away squaw
This statement us precisely why you are seen as DISENGENUOS. Check your own track record on funding Public Safety! What a CROCK!
about time u said something good about someone
they did put a black woman down with her child in the back seat right?
The most heroic job they'll ever do is frog March your Fauxahontas *ss out .@SenWarren.
The have to be on their game since you idiots let all the Muslims in!
why are you hiding behind a wall? You don't need a wall.
@cr8tivegoddess @CapitolPolice anyone of them see Devin Nunes tiptoe through the halls of the White House?
No but Susan rice has unmasked you. Fauxcohontus is coming for you.   Lol wah wah wah snowflake
Please run for president
OMG what drugs are you on?
Then you should tell them there's a bunch of crooks that snuck into the WH, and stole all the Clinton China.
you should give them a feather from your tribe or a dream catcher
those jokes are getting old.  Next to Trump she is a saint.
Hell has their so called saints
R u sure that is how u feel.BO,CrookedHillary said on TV the police were treating people bad.Do u want2restate thatorcheckwithCrookedHillary
Who is she trying to fool? We all know that Dems don't care about our police/military/veterans!
It's ashame there is no support for the mentally ill.  Why do they shoot to kill.
The decadent display of so many in power makes it even more difficult & takes away from the rest. #Taxtherich #BakerActTrump
we LOVE when you complement instead of destroy!  #MAGA Thanks Liz!
@TomMulle Sister Liz can u imagine 1,000,000 people sitting down.When people r asked to lie their behavior gets weird Spice/Devil
Hush you hypocrite
well said. Keep up the great work you do on behalf of the people
You hate the police when it fits your narrative, you are such a fraud.
Now there you go, Elizabeth. First right thing you've said.
Hey Pocahontas, this is the smartest thing I have ever seen you tweet!!
Its too bad you and your worthless party will keep them from getting what they need. Your a pathetic person liz
its a shame they didnt let her get to trump!  Wouldnt it be ironic to have him finished by a woman!
@RT_com Too bad you had to destroy several Mideast nations who cannot recuse themselves of violence as you can do.
absolutely however u libs have put the capitol popo in harms way with ur lib sally wag policy's Warren resign
#FakeIndian shows fake gratitude.
I think they keep Hillary from going over the fence twice already
Don't act like you didn't hope for a different outcome Pocahontas! You hope daily something bad happens to Trump!
Yet according to hacks like you & most Dems they & all police are inherently racists.Your fans when you need them
sure you do cop hater!!
oh???? I thought you and other demorats thought they are just pigs?!?!?
They keep my daughter safe, she works at the Capitol, she has nothing but praise and friendship with them! Thx CP!
Wow... Sen. Warren has something nice to say about our Patriots!! How refreshing and unexpected!!
thanks for protecting Americans from violent progressive nutjobs like the Clinton supporters who were so violent.
well you finally said something that makes sense.,,

seems like cops are always there when you need them they protect on a bipartisan basis to the chagrin of #Libs
But not quite up to the standard of Anwar Sadat's Egyptian Army Corps.
it's not an easy job.
Trump doesn't even know what he talking about the war in Iraq ended in 2010 why is he saying and praising troops??
@realDonaldTrump just for their fking wednesday oe premium they controlled the stock prices so well
Sen Warren maybe if the press protested for a couple days and didn't give him any attention he will shut up
But you failed to keep us safe from @realDonaldTrump by abandoning @SenSanders in #riggedprimary. Sorry, random association.
BULLSHIT!
Trump takes Prozac away and gives them the right to buy a gun that always works
And shutting down dancing at monuments and lemonade sales
Thank you! Now can you keep Devin Nunes in the Capitol for us please?
Now you support the police. Double standard squaw
We'll soon have another police force protecting the police force.  Oh wait...
We sure do kudos to them all
USUALLY YOU CONDEMN PEOPLES ACTIONS--WHAT HAPPENED?
Which is shocking because ur party panders to organizations that applaud cop executions
Yes we do thank them. .@SenDeanHeller
That's what #2A is about. Why not fight for it?
u enjoy the safety and security by full time armed guards, yet push to take away arms from law abiding citizens
Absolutely sad
great now go arrest trump
we can keep them safer the sooner we don't have a Russia infiltrated White House that promotes equality/equity
Why say that?
