Embarrassing for @UMass to have someone as bat shit crazy as this to speak to our young people's future.
So embarrassing!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
What part was embarrassing?
The message to students should not be leaning politics one way or the other. Not to mention her integrity isn't exactly above board.
MothersDay great time to advise you not look to work with "two toungue" @SenWarren ! Unless you are man of course! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
How much did that cost them? I am sure u let them know u where the smartest person there.
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
these kids are in for a shock! The world owes you nothing!! You earn everything! But you rambled on!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
I was honored to see my son graduate yesterday without politics! Way to go ruining a special day of those grads by spewing political bs!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
I can't wait to vote her out!
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
"Buy my book, it's on sale as you leave".  That's my bet for the closing statement. "I'm all about me and you should be too" #disgrace
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
Speech was pathetic rich hypocrite sending a message to college grads that is not a good thing to aspire for wealthy #worstpoliticalspeech
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
DeVos is a disgrace, she has no right to be near any school.
They were SO lucky to have you speak to them
Omg  what a blow hard!! You politicians can use a lot of words to say absolutely nothing. It's truly amazing .
Sad that u made ur speech political. This was about them, not ur agenda. U should b  #inspiring grads  not #indoctrinating them #sad
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
They bood you the whole time 
That's a lie, I was there!
Should have taught them how to commit fraud depicting a different race like you did. You are pathetic and a embarrassment.
I am glad they could graduate with the insanse organge clown cutting education funds
What right is it of people to get a higher education paid for by the rest of us?
Because the rich ought to pay for the education of our own people not India or China
why don't all the millionaire & billionaire democrats shell out the money? Why are the rich at all?? They are only out for themselves.
Hey Pocahontas! You should watch POTUS at Liberty University then you can see how real Americans do commencement ceremonies.
Truly embarrassing is Trump's commencement speech at the political rally at Liberty University. Check out the differences in transcripts!
Sounds to me like you Dems are suffering from Denial Embedded Mentality Syndrome. You know, D.E.M.S. get over it, you lost!
Once again you proved to be a schmuck over and over again
must be nice to have the freedom to speak at a campus.
I wonder if she advises the graduating class, to be truthful on their resumes. That would be sage advise  Pocahontas.
Just shut up and dance Indian bitch
Thank you for tweeting. You put the Peach in impeachment.
And yet @SenWarren endorsed @HillaryClinton
How is Hillary Clinton not under investigation? Perhaps the Democrats should be asking why is she not being prosecuted #Trump45 #FBIDirector 
How do you look yourself in the face when you look at the mirror every morning knowing that you lie like you do. Un American
You were embarrassing. You are the joke. And an unfunny one at that.
embarrassing
No one is above the law! Let's start the deportations then! Oh wait you want to pick and choose typical politician
sad that U have to politicize everything.  I notice that you have achieved nothing since entering office. #Jealous?
"No one is above the law." Unless your name is Clinton or Clapper.
A woman scorned that needs to retire in her $5.4 million dollar mansion. What an embarrassment to the students. Angry old woman
I was surprised to hear you speak of @HillaryClinton so candidly. Lock her up!
Did you charge them the usual 400k speaking fee?
Did u tell them how to lie on an application?  Phony
