Kinda like #Democrats charging people for health insurance they don't want?
Oh idk a 27yo who's perfectly healthy and forced to buy or pay a penalty. Costs are high because medical Care is hugely over priced.
Please stop assuming/parroting ideas that are unsubstantiated by facts. Get educated on topics that you care about!
Under Obama care people are forced to buy HC or get penalized. Or do you not comprehend this?

Don't force your morality nonsense on others, keep your hands out of my wallet.
No problem. Probably only lint in there anyway.
I wonder where they got the idea to charge people for insurance they don't want. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patient_Protection_and_Affordable_Care_Act …
Ridiculous comparison.
I hadn't considered that carefully-crafted and detailed point. Thank you for sharing it with me.
You're welcome.
It's pretty hard to charge you for something you don't want unless you're clueless. I've had no issues either, been w them for 30 yrs.
Public service was never intended to be a life long gig and it certainly wasn't intended to make them extremely rich.
The longer they serve the more corrupt they become and the richer they get! Within 2 years they're just another cog in the broken machine.
If any of them, especially the newbies, don't tow the party line they're destroyed by the establishment!
What evil folks would force people to pay for insurance against their will? Sen. Warren now for repealing the ACA's individual mandate.
Or forcing ppl to pay for wars they don't want.
Yah I'll pay the insurance before the next blood for oil war the Cons and their billionaire Koch pay masters want.
They also have student loan repayment process setup to confuse and accumulate late fees. They are corrupt nearly loan sharks. Sad bank
I understand senator, but what are you doing about it.  There are a lot of us with no help, suing them is worthless, we are out here alone.
... they could save 15% or more ...
This has been going on since 2012. They should be forced to restate their financial statements for these material misstatements.
Time to bring a securities class action.
It almost appears as if the audit committee & CEO are doing nothing.
Glad I financed with the manufacturer on a new car before WF grabbed me but. Homeowners ins?
Do you need assistance with something specific? If so, pls share some additional info regarding your concern. Thank you. ^LM
No plz assist Houston.
Break up Wells Fargo Senator! Teach these greedy bastards a lesson once and for all
¤ And it's Dead Peasant Insurance all over again!

Brilliant!
So you've been bitching about them for many months. What would it take to revoke their charter?
Some WF executives need to see the inside of a jail cel.
*cell
¤ For the bad (faith) sell.
Charging for insurance people didn't want? Lol, you mean Obamacare?
@WellsFargo is completely corrupt.  Their bankers have lied to my face repeatedly & consistently.  May they rot in Hell.
They need to be forcefully shut down.
...is corrupt ... On top of generating fake accounts using real people's information... Charging people for auto ins. They didn't buy... ...
Fake accounts for fake Indians?
Let WF fall, no bailouts, lock all the greedy bankers go to prison
Hmm, You mean like how the Government forces OBAMACARE down our throats? You Damn FRAUD!
Great job lowering costs 4 MA college students,student debt has skyrocketed,pricing out mid class,well done! @DiehlForSenate u have our vote
She got the Wells Fargo CEO to resign so great job Liz holding the 1% accountable. #masen #mapoli
Plus, they burn coal!
its common for lenders to put forced place insurance on the cars they have liens on if the debtors have none
Great! You found a problem. Now what do we do about it? Instead of just complaining and reporting problems, come up with solutions!
Wouldn't it be smart to have the Justice department just investigate everything Wells does because they can't be trusted.
This is unacceptable on every level and I would hope that you claw back bonuses and make the executives personally liable.
They repo'd cars and ruined credit. How many people lost their job, weren't able to get a  housing and  a job because of Wells did.
What is congress going to do about it!!!!! How many times must these have the right to damage people's lives
Maybe it should be pushed as a law in all states that you must have proof of insurance b4 buying any motor vehicle from a dealer!
If they have no proof of insurance and want a loan its only right, protection from bank loss and human tragedy.
they are killing me.
They learned that from Obamacare, charging people for insurance they didn't want.
And you did nothing even though you're a "watchdog". Too busy #Resisting as opposed to legislating. #Pocahontas #draintheswamp #MAGA
More Democrats!!!!!
And the agency you helped create @CFPB missed it. Shut down the @CFPB
"Insurance they don't want". UGH. the irony. #hypocrisy
Sounds like #Obamacare #ACA
Forgive and bail. Wish customers had it so good.
Let's tall about forcing people to pay for insurance they don't want...
Start locking them up!!!
What? People forced to buy something they don't want? Never heard of anything like it! Oh, wait, didn't YOUR party vote for OLOSERCARE?
Only the government can force you to buy insurance you don't want
@nytimes  Are you F^^^^^^ Kidding Me last 2016? Cancel the DC speeches. Send a message not a fine, send them to jail.
Must be those Russia collusion blues or something. You know you dems handed out TARP money to your BIG BANK BUDDIES FOR A REASON
Are you gonna take up Bernies work in areas of fraud? How funny replace a fraud with a fraud! Long live Pocahontas!!!!!
When will people go to jail for this?! Outrageous!
I don't understand how these people and this corporation are not being prosecuted?
In sync with the policies such as Obamacare that the Dems inflicted upon all Americans.
kinda like charging people for health coverage they dont want or need
Why would collision insurance not be required on a car that you owe money on?  I have to have homeowners insurance on my house?
You are aware we have a judicial system and laws already in place to deal with this, right?  Your involvement is utterly unnecessary.
You don't even have to be a client of Wells Fargo to end up with a fake account.
Elizabeth Warren is a mess.  We deserve better.
How about F Modification can u close dept., please?!
Paying your ford credit loan of 1051 a month from your campaign fund is the same thing.
Sure. Google search Ted Lieu FEC and you'll be able to see both donations and expenses.
@gmorgenson just wondering if car loan contract stated u have 2 insure vehicle if It did they agree 2 it
Hm I had no problem with them since I paid them off in five years. Was it oddly?
America's fiscal situation is a mess.Why dont you concentrate on that instead of how to buy more votes and piss more tax dollars away
#Fraud
Sounds similar to a federal government forcing people to buy parts of health insurance they don't want.
All under the watchful eye of the Obama administration huh? Nice job
Not unlike Obamacare does for health insurance.
& they wonder abt financial crisis. Test. @ Toyota 4 routine svc.  Will pay my loan if I pay 4 new car. What if I were less informed.
On #obamas watch
Is that like forcing people to buy insurance they do not want or BLM "hands" you do not want?
I still don't understand why people are not more outraged by this theft!
Kinda like the ACA, charging for services patient doesn't want or need. What's the difference?
Yet not one person in jail
AND... we r being told consumer protections r not needed, ie Dodd- Frank
Hey... if big Pharma can do it... so can all corps.  Watch them all believe they deserve 50%+ returns. Pharma's is 1200%. GREED not profit
Sounds like democrats and taxpayers doesn't it?
Send the supervisors and executives to jail. Make the sales people clean highways.
Wells Fargo is the best thing to happen to lawyers since Bernie Madoff. Loans, racketeering, fraud...it's the mafia.
Chew them up and spit them out
So...you and your ilk charged 300m Americans for health insurance they did not want. So....#keepyourchange
They owe me money
How to #deletewellsfargo by @EillieAnzi . It's easy.
Just like car dealerships do
After all tough talk from @TheDemocrats regarding 2008 BANK Fraud and public bailout , Messiah must have put some of these gyus in jail!
What the fu*k!?
How is that any different than forcing people to buy health insurance?
Why are they still in business? Their executives should be in jail or at the very least forbidden to ever work with money again.
No offense, I love u Mrs. Warren, but this happens all the time. To protect their investment they have to ensure it is insured.
This isn't a new thing. If the insurance company doesn't send the proper forms to a creditor that proves u have ins. they have the right to.
Psh, my bank has charged me for home owner ins. that I didn't want, nor did I ask for it, even though I already had home owner's ins.
Oh yes they do! That insurance is outrageously priced too! Wells Fargo needs to be put out of business for the way they treat their clients!
And their stocks & earning are falling.  American ppl are smart, let them handle it.
That's bs
Kind of like Congress.
Yep
Prgmatists as Trump
Knowing fu well what they are doing..at cost to others.

Dump Trump Pence all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
And still Trump wants to take out regulations that protects the consumer for this banks bad behaviors!!!!!!!
Wow you should support this!! It sound just like Obama care that your party shoved down our throat. Hows that going?? FAIL!!
Hahaha obamacare is a mess. Same theory forcing ppl to take health insurance they don't want!  Unbelievable! 
Isn't that like charging people penalties for healthcare they didn't want? #obummercare
Why are they still in business?
They are simple rouge
revoke their corporate charter.
Being forced to buy insurance you didn't want... Sounds like government should be taking their own advice...  #NotMyInsurance
Congress shd be outraged. They don't even want the individual mandate for health ins
They did that to me too
Corporate thieves, these people need jail time.
When r the higher ups going 2 prison? Fines mean nothing 2 these ppl. Maybe seeing the inside of a prison would mean something 2 them.
Get 'Em. Crooks.
Kinda like charging people for health insurance they don't want?
Kinda like maternity coverage for the elderly with your Obamacare
It's too bad your country has become such a divided mess. Very noticeable from outside looking in. A lot of deplorable peeps in politics
This exact thing happened to me. Was told I needed their insurance (on top of existing insurance) Raised my car payment significantly.
They should be out out of business
is that like forcing people buy health insurance they don't want ???
They should be fined millions... have it go to healthcare (ACA)
Bank with a Credit Union, why anyone would use Wells Fargo after cheating so many is beyond me.
Naturally attacked non anti bus socialist
Lets put them in jail and give those folks their money back! If it were me I would be in prison, and forgotten.

@WellsFargo & @DeutscheBank should merge so they can hold hands & smile...
ALSO...Don't forget the mortgage mods it made without telling mortgage holders. See Gretchen Morgenson, NYT.
It's ok stocks are up. We don't need no stinking regulations.
Was Wells Fargo ever disciplined/fined for foreclosing on homes owned by active duty personnel in 2007/2008?
You're a fake Indian, but I get your point
..
@SenWarren is just stirring the pot on this one...trying to get a headline.
For over 50 years, banks have"recommended" auto insurance with insurers paying referral fees. BY LAW banks CANNOT REQUIRE unwanted coverage.
Everyone knows that ins. should be required to preserve the value of the collateral. Full coverage is necessary on autos if a loan is taken.
The courts rule corporations are individuals yet no individual could commit these frauds and stay in business, let alone get US protection.
Old Liz just want to control a bit more. I'm willing to bet those people agreed to the insurance at some point. Can't stop stupid.
Kinda of like Obama care mandated buying coverage based on what dems think.  #tellthetruthforonce
Why are they even allowed to operate any longer? Remove their charter.
Sounds like Obamacare!
oh thank Gog Obama bailed them out. Morons!!!
I can't believe someone could make a person buy something they didn't want. That is unAmerican. Unless it is the ACA. Then it's okay. Right?
Wells Fargo is almost as big a problem as you and
the rest of the Democrats.
You mean like Obamacare?????????????
Wow! 
Which is a bigger mess Wells Fargo or obamacare? Do your job. #obstructionist
Wells Fargo finances mass scale planet destruction.
shut it down !
Coming from a fake Indian & Senator
I read everything b4 signing. I have nvr had a problem with Wells Fargo. Costco sends out applications for CCards & Ins. If u want u sign
Holy Cow! Sounds like Obamacare!
You read it you sign it u accept it. Same with credit card interestDon't protect the illiterate. Many of them want to get out of a contract
tired of Representatives and Senators REPORTING the news 
-the MSM twists anyway-
(get enough fake news from Jeanne Shaheen)
#ACTION
...Liz
But did they use it!
On a smaller note it lost payments that my mother made on a loan, blamed her and ruined her credit.
Been with @WellsFargo for 50 years, and never a issue.. very reliable..
Stop slandering our bank!!!
If some1 robs bank they're jailed. Whn bank robs us execs get multi-$M parachutes. @WellsFargo execs shd hv gone 2 jail. WF shd b broken up.
All the Fed banks are a mess. A house of cards, daisy-chained together with trillions of USD derivatives.
When is something going to be done to control WF and others who take advantage of consumers??
Your wanting the government to charge people for health insurance we don't want!!! It's different when your not getting your cut hu??!!
lock them up.
And all the time this was going on congress and senate was blind to the fact. How much in campaign contributions was taken from them
Kind of reminds me of Obamacare.... forced millions of people to buy policies they didnt want!  #hypocrite
Just shows after 8 years of @TheDemocrats rule how stupid the Dems really are
Sounds just like Obamacare
No one has ever sufficiently explained why ordinary people are better off using commercial banks over #creditunions
Charged for insurance they didn't want?  Sounds like Obamacare!!
Stop talking about it and do something about it.
I would think you would love that. It's just like Obamacare.
I use Wells Fargo. They don't charge me.
Get'em E-Dot
You DEMs allowed them to!
This is just wrong. How do they get away with it? I'm sure you are doing all you can to end this. What can we do? We are lucky to have you.
Please stay out of it Senator.  We do not need additional federal legislation.  The banking authorities are very capable of dealing with it.
And here I thought identity theft & grand theft were things.  Rules never apply to the top.
Is this payback for all those Wells Fargo stage coaches that were robbed in Western movies?
Gosh Elizabeth. That's almost as bad as Government making people buy health insurance that they don't want.
WF are scum.  They need to be taken DOWN.  It's enough.  NO MORE.
Just like the Obamacare SCAM that Democrats and Obama forced upon the working American????
WF branch mgr in NV: "Scandal from CA WFs." Not fake accts or unnecessary auto ins, but $6/sheet to print 3 cks, $1 ATM bal check charges!
8 is great.
this is a bank who is too big & has failed consumers. it should be shut.
So they foreclsoed me ilegally, they sold for much more than they foreclosed me, but never game me back a cent, I wonder how many people
Wow! Just WOW! And 45 and GOP wants to deregulate the banks...oh boy we're in trouble!
They foreclosed me although I was only two months late, they claimed they never received the payment although they cashed it
I closed my WF account in '09 when it came to light WF lied to HUD that their loans were insured by FHA. Now I'm a credit union member.
To be fair the Senate is a mess also, shouldnt throw stones in a glass house.
Wells fargo foreclosed my house when my debt was $233,500 they sold it for $295,000 and never gave me a cent as the law stipulates
How many times will @WellsFargo get away w/ theft b4 our Senators actually protect the people?
They charged people for a product/service they 'did not want'...I recall another 'group' that did that & you supported...oh yea OBAMACARE!!
Why haven't you done something about it?
They need to be shut-down but first, fine their entire Board into poverty.
My chuckle of the day! Charging people for what they don't want, sounds like ACA!  You libs really don't think very much, huh?
What are you complaining to us about? They already did it to military families. You have the authority to put them in jail, but you don't.
Jail time, with compound interest.
Keep adding years.
Keep up the tough oversight!  2nd to the fraud, the most egregiously criminal thing is the Arbitration process to repress people's rights
But making people have health insurance they don't want is ok?
Revoke Their Charter.  End of Story
Kind of like forcing people to pay for health insurance that they didn't want. Huh?  Oops.
Mess is not the right word,..How will Wells Fargo be accountable....
YOU charged 25 million people billions$$ for health insurance they didnt want nor need. In fact you Forced them with threats of jail.
Simple solution. Don't Bank at Wells Fargo.
