.@realDonaldTrump’s executive order is immoral, unconstitutional, and dangerous for MA families.
and illegals are not dangerous? wow please drop off the face of the Earth, thank you
Illegal is illegal. Driving fast. Selling drugs. Spitting. Killing someone. Being in the USA illegally. It all has consequences.
You do know we need laborers to do manual work for our farmers
Then let them go home and come back lagally. The jobs are always there!
Many are home.  Unless uou are a native American you are not "from here"
They are not home if they are here illegally.  Illegal is illegal and there is always consequences.
Felons can't vote. Just sayin'.
You've got my vote for the next president. Senator warren.
liberals always side with evil and criminals.  anything to stay in power.
Have you met every, single, liberal in the U.S.?
liberalism always sides with evil.  better?  slavery, the KKK, abortion, islam, men using girls bathrooms...
1. You better check the political ideology of a republican during the civil war. The ideology has switched.
I went on your blog. You are very talented.
As usual democrats have no discernment. From Hillary to illegals, protecting criminals is what theyre all about!
You got my vote for our next president.
You need to look in the mirror and tell your self, you better start listening to the American people, your policies are hurting the people,
That have given there lives to this country, taxes, service, they paid the bills of this country for years, it's time for you and your sen.
To do what we want not what you want, we pay you to work for us, not for the illegal immigrants, America First.
Where was your outrage when Obama signed hundreds of them?
When are you going to organize impeachment/removal???  Complaints and quips are beginning to smell of lip service.  IMPEACH/REMOVE ACTION!!
Take a close look at this, Liz! Fund the WALL!! Or u r responsible for EVERY murder by an undocumented criminal! http://crimeresearch.org/2017/04/number-murders-county-54-us-counties-2014-zero-murders-69-1-murder/ …
Thank you @SenWarren for all that you do. We are blessed to have you there fighting for us. You are appreciated by many. Ignore the sheep.
#MAGA uphold the laws you swore you would you fraud @va_shiva
Guess what we don't like the immigration policies either
Speak for yourself. You do not speak for all Canadians.
I feel bad for Democrats!! All they have is hate Trump ,hate Melania, kill the babies, open borders, and everything should be free
Yes, because if you're liberal, you can just ignore the law.
Trump seems to ignore the law EVERY...SINGLE...DAY! You know it don't you?
Name a few...Or just one.
That's a bit hypocritical!
Oh of course! How many constitutional laws is dumoy breaking! Seems just fine with you right wingers! I salute you with my middle finger!
Trying to make laws up as he goes along. Using his position to make money! Mar Lar Go! Allowing General Flynn into top secret meetings when
He was doing business with foreign countries! Nepotism! Want some more? Three judges have found his ideas to be unconstitutional!
Illegal aliens. Big difference. We will win this. Why should Americans be foreced to pay for illegal aliens? Americans first! #MAGA
U mean policies that put sanctuary of criminals above sanctuary of citizens? Shame on YOU a representative of the American people #traitor
Miss representation of the truth as usual.  It's the cities who don't obey the law, not the ones he doesn't like.  You Mass-Hole liar!
He issued an executive order to cut federal grant money to cities who don't comply with ILLEGAL immigration policies. #illegalimmigration
Move to Mexico please!
Why do you put illeg.also above our rights as Americans, vote W.Warren out!
That's a lie and you know it. Leaders shouldn't be liars.

#HeretoStay it's #TimeToGo
No there are laws on the books, don't care what your personal policy is, ENFORCE CURRENT LAWS
I hope that you personally are held accountable for the law less behavior you promote. Why should you get away with inciting  illegal ways
Elizabeth, I know a good shrink. You really should consider seeing one
Good
You mean like the ones that refuse to follow the LAW.  You are in a position to change the law...do it or follow them...duhhh!
You don't get to make policies that break Federal Law. And you mean "Illegal Immigration policy".
I think the AG just sent letters, asking for verification they are in compliance, not a signed executive order.
What? If these cities don't want to uphold Federal requests, then they can't have Federal funds. #Simple
YOU'RE DESTROYING AMERICA #TRAITOR
80% of the country doesnt like the immigration policies you want Liawatha. Get your shit together or get out
Like him or not...they aren't "policies" they're laws (you fail) and all POTUS is doing is ENFORCING EXISTING LAWS. You're fired!!
That's these ppls problem, if you don't break the law, then your unconstitutional. Bass ackwards
@LizAnde15280162 @realDonaldTrump Poor trainee. Trump just doesn't know how a democracy works. Not a quick study I might add
That has to be unconstitutional.
That's not really true ... We elected him to do that. We don't like it.
Will you please pull your head out of your...and get back to working for those in your district! You, Waters, Schumer, Pelosi!
Unconstitutional I thought the judge in San Francisco stopped that order?
i didn't realize not obeying THE LAW was an immigration policy
Cities shouldn't have immigration policies. That is a federal responsibility.
I live in Washington and I am starting to think he would rather the west coast fell off into the ocean rather than pay attention to us.
Are you an enemy of Americans and of @POTUS ?  Are you ever going to be collaborative and help fix the atrocities of the last 8 yrs?
We don't need any more immigrants. We can't afford the ones we have. If they're illegal they need to go. Breaking the law.
FANTASTIC.
Illegal immigrates should enter legally or get out, Breaking the law is breaking the law.
<pssst....grants can still be taken.  You may want to educate yourself>
No, he is cutting of monies to states that refuse to following federal immigration laws.
Good for him
where was your fake outrage when Obama sent Billions to Iran?
get back inside your teepee before you get hurt
why don't you govern oregon? Let #POTUS do his job. Do YOUR job!
Blocked! I California!
Hey Liz, follow the law. ILLEGAL means ILLEGAL.  You can't change the meaning for your own narrative. MAYBE you'd be happier outside the USA
...and, your point is?
Obama ran 8 yrs 10trillion$ on exec orders !! Shut the hell up sad little minded person ur opioids r low go find ur anarchist 4 more
.So, Federal Law only takes precedence if State Law is more strict? Not when it's more lax? #ArizonaImmigrationLaws
No! Trump is actually applying the law against the lawless government officials. Of course the liberal lawless democrats do not get it.Shame
Well they're in violation of federal law so.....
HIS policies protect Americans 1st & not illegals which appears to be ur stance depsite ur position in our government. #urnot4americans
This means we don't need you no more Without laws
It'd be nice if you fight for American people like you do illegals . So I can break the law .
So inaccurate, wrong, and you are a US Senator? Lord help us. Wpould you just resign and go away, now? #SoDamnStupid
Yea.
Wrong again Lizzy! He issued an order that says citys & States need to follow Fed immigration Laws! Ur Stupid!
@potus is a fascist!
Cities don't regulate immigration and you know this
That won't comply with a very simple thing no drug dealers here. Its bad enough we have US birth ones
Cities are going against a federal law.  Which is a felony.
If Dems keep this up, all your going to be left with, are your billionaire activist donors and 30% base. Our states have different worries.
Warren, the executive order...did not change any laws, merely stated current laws are to be enforced. You are accountable to change laws
Fauxahontas, is it not your mandate to uphold the Constitution and Laws of the United States?
Actually, it wasn't. It was an executive order stating we're finally going to obey the laws of the Untied States of America.
And as usual, he won't succeed!
Those cities are breaking our laws protecting illegals. How about you do your job FOR the American citizens and stop the bullshit?
Sanctuary cities and counties policy of *Breaking federal law!!!* is a policy that NONE of us should "like". 
Look at all the lizzy suporters here. #retards with fake ponytails
And I agree. Like most conformists living here do.
I guess you believe that states can pick and choose which laws they want to follow? Slippery slope Liz.
@SenWarren you have no come
Since when are cities allowed to have immigration "policies" that break federal law??? President Trump is simply enforcing laws on the books
When the hell did City councils power be greater than congressional or executive action? If that's the case why do we need you for?
Obama threatened to withhold federal funds to states that did not go by his transgender bathroom policy. Carter did if they didn't go 55mph.
2010: States can't enforce their own version of fed immigration laws!
2017: Cities can have their own policy! Don't need to follow fed laws!
I think you meant to say...he doesn't like cities that have immigration policies which are in conflict with Federal Law
I hope Warren does not get reelected...what a human waste!
Here's a novel idea....let's try to enforce our country's immigration laws!...why should I have to pay for illegal aliens?  Get a brain!
Sad state of affairs when a Senator doesn't understand the difference between immigrants and criminals.
He's 12!His main mission is giving us non-fans while he installs policies that screw us.If we don't adore him,he has no use for us.He's 12!
Or 3 years old!

Sanctuary Cities don't follow Federal law dealing with ILLEGALS.   The law is the law.
He's such a man child!
It's about time to cut off the taxpayers money to illegals
like bho did 2 schools that would not follow Michelle's school lunch program!!
What you call "immigration policies that he doesn't like" the rest of us call the law.
#faketweet
City policies don't subvert federal law fauxahontas. @va_shiva going to replace you in 2018. MA deserves better than this.
@SenWarren You're part of the reason this country is going to hell in a hand basket. We'll do all that's possible that you lose your seat.
we know dems count on illegals n refugees, non citizens for votes. Why a no wall, keep criminals policy is best
Of course he did! He's a bully!! That's what he does when he doesn't get his way...WaWawawa!!!
What a Baby!!!
You mean what is actually the law........
Warren supports illegals,  crime and drugs over American citizens.  Puts illegals above the law
Cities don't get to make immigration policy, that's one job that is the Federal government's responsible.
Pollicies he doesn't like? You mean the law, right? You're a freakin lawyer and Ivy League professor, yet you seem to lack a brain.
How can cities have policies that are illegal? He should cut their funds & send in the national guard to force them to comply. #Law&Order
Immigration policies that are the law lady. Law you promised to uphold and protect. They arent Trumps laws they are OUR laws. Shameful!
Is it true that your DNA profile is out there? Should've been smarter getting that haircut 
Local, county and state government don't have immigration policies #Dumbass 
Immigration is Federal law
You're a disgrace! These cities are violating federal laws, and should be treated as the criminals they are!
Which he probably didn't read so doesn't know what it's even about.
Those cities are breaking the law.
And where in the plain text of the Executive Order does it say that Counselor? Oh Sorry, Senator (until 2018). You are full of crap, again
did the CA judge just block that?
Immigration policy rests with the political branches of Fed. gov't you twit! You're a Senator and don't know this?!? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_v._United_States …
Wrong, the majority of the American people don't like.
La Pocahontas at her best protect criminal kind and screwing the honest AMERICAN  citizens
If not then families should be allowed to sue the city if they lose someone to an illegal with a record
@ntvnyr173 @realDonaldTrump how did all you communists get elected pocahantas?
No idiot...that law is already on the books. The order merely states that we will actually enforce it now.
Its called enforcing the laws that are on the books. Surely a senator would know the rule of law or at least try to change it.
It's called a federal law. And the president, Donald J Trump is enforcing that law. Stop spouting off your liberal biased nonsense.
Nations have immigration policies and cities have to abide by them.
Got it. Just blindly let anyone in the country and commit crimes without reporting them. Wtf about that makes any kind of sense? #idiot
Could some Leftard please explain the rationale behind that?
Libs don't like laws, want illegal immigrants for votes only..risking American lives.. get over it Lizzy because we aren't listening <->2018
like it or not he has a right as president to do whatever is in his mandate. The people elected him, get on board & stop complaining.
He who walks with a full diaper, throwing tantrums and playing the victim is a danger person to run a country.
At what point do we cease being a democracy, or have we reached that point already??
Stay On Target

#TrumpRussia is a Treasonous National Security Threat

#SpecialProsecutor
#ImpeachTrump
#TrumpTaxes
Illegal is illegal let them stay at your house
@SenWarren.. Chief full of shit..    ReaganGood
Why would a city have an immigration policy? Does a city offer citizenship?
For not following federal immigration laws! Don't be dishonest
Bullshit
trump just signs them, he doesn't read them.  Bannon reads them.  Did trump graduate from high school?
He can't...only congress can.
the best interest of the citizens who pay your salary
move next door to you,but of course you do have a fence right? WHY? I think anyone who loses a loved one to a criminal illegal in Sanction
need to use big words You want to protect criminals? You lose a loved one to an illegal who has committed crimes and let go? I hope they
No what is unconstitutional is that you represent the people and a congresswoman and can't spell right next time use a dictionary if you
I think cities should be allowed to be sued by families who lost a loved one in a sanction city since they are covering up and not putting
GOOD!!!
Speakum Truth, just once in your life.  He cut off funding to Sanctuary Cities.  Exactly which part of ILLEGAL is it you don't understand?
American people don't like it either when are you ever going to wake up
Yeah, that bastard! He wants cities to follow the law. The very idea.
The same guy...
Since when do u get to make up ur own laws? Or choose which laws to obey?
Obstruction or failure to enforce should bare consequence
But isn't that a nonstarter? Congress controls purse strings....
That's because they are hiding people here illegally.Which makes them complicit.So he should arrest and prosecute these politicians.
Crazy witch @SenWarren he signed executive actions to do away with laws that protect criminals. These cities should not get a dime. CrazyPOS
Ppl illegally invade our country and we should have no say and support their welfare . F her
You fool. All he's doing is ENFORCING the laws that you wackos are intent on breaking. #nofederalfunds if you break laws. #lunaticleft
No the Cities are breaking the law if you spent time learning American Law instead of ignoring it for fascist liberal BS
Let unskilled leeches take jobs keep wages low and we should pay their welfare and have no say . F her Marxist
Nice 
HE HAS NO POWER AS A PAPER PRES. HES A JOKE TO USA.
This is a good thing if you idiots would listen. Trying to keep our country safe at the height of terrorism isn't a bad thing.
Yes, because we all know that federal law is immoral and unconstitutional. Immigration is a privilege and not a right.
#impeachtrump #savetheworld

As he should you are harboring people that our in this country illegally, all you Dems been doing is destroying this country
