why aren't you doing anything about the recent immigration EO? asking for a friend
dude, Senator Warren joined protestors at Logan Airport this weekend. Maybe you should have been there too
not about me. where's the legislation?
ongoing, sen. chris murphy is submitting bill against the EO.
will believe it when i see it
open your eyes then... How did you NOT see her protesting the footage is everywhere.
where's the legislation?
she's the one I see fighting the most... If you opened your eyes you might notice that.
@MamaTree79 DEMS needs to ban together like Republicans do against the Rule of Law, the American people no more being nice
Ooooops!  He got in too.     NEXT!!!!!!
But vote "Yes" on Ben Carson?
only because he has the right color?  Enough the best people for the Job. Yes @RealBenCarson Is best for that job!
Color has nothing to do w/it. He has exactly zero qualifications.
He is a brain surgeon  he grew up in the inner cities and is brilliant
No use going back and forth with him. Another entitled libtard baiting.
"libtard."

Wow.  So original.  Nice one!
You do know there are millions of native Americans that are laughing their ass off over that statement right now on @Twitter
yo should never call ANYONE a liar....
shuuuuut up
WRONG.
What did he do, tell them he was part Indian?
Great! But keep your eye on the ball! Follow the money! Apply pressure on FBI CIA! Get Bannon! Trump falls. Clean your house-
Just stop it!!!!! I can't WAIT  for for 2018.
Is there any one of trump's picks that does not lie
that #Mnuchin insider coulda been a convicted #felon, but #Obama did nothing about #bank crimes
Vote no to all! Refuse to participate until GOP agrees to launch a real investigation into Russian ties to Trump admin
I'd rather him Betsy DeVoss she's the worst of the cabinet in my opinion
@kkalmes2 thank you Senator Warren
yes vote no no no
it is almost as sad for the American people to put their hand in a lying liberal senator who should find another profession
I wish you would support FPLA update as much as you support social and financial issues. Math illiteracy matters too.
Trump is appointing Liars and Corrupt individuals and the GOP seems to have no problem with letting them through.
thank God crooked Hillary didn't win she would be just like Merkel of Germany and the clinton foundation??corrupt!
I urge whoever can please fire this lady
Why they have been in the hands of Obama and the Dems. for the last 8 yrs. !!!
I urge an immediate impeachment of Trump/Pence.
I may be agreeing with you in that I would like to see less government influence in the fates of families.
Obama did nothing for America, he played golf and opened the ladies bathroom to men what a legacy
AGREED AGREED AGREED NO MAN TOTALLY CONSUMED BY GREED GREED GREED!
AGREED AGREED AGREED NO GREED GREED GREED!
you were eloquent today even though not victorious.  Keep fighting for us! #StopDeVos
Democrat party dieing leaders advice suicidal blind 2 realities twistin facts keep it up ♡2CU self destruct like the communist UR
Hillary would have. #NastyFeet
You should be a NO on all of them, he doesn't need your vote...
how about , the Stop arming terrorist act? Where is the outrage that we are arming terrorist? Why aren't you backing that?
yeah I put it in the hands of someone who buys homes for low prices and then sells them for high prices.. Nutjob Warren
what can we do as a Democratic voter to help with this fight .I personally would never vote for trump the trump
correction trump the chump
your Dem colleagues have to show up for any vote to be taken....
We stand with you. Stand strong
are you voting no on Sessions? Please tell me you're voting NO!
proud of you!!
Thank u for ur strong comments about conflicts re Devos. She has no exp with public education. Not for my child. No thanks
keep up the fight! I believe in you!
NO VOTE for any of the rest of his NOMINEES!!!  Including the SPC nomination....
@Coffee_w  All of her Indian colleagues should stick with her. The rest should allow government to move on. Not enough votes.
Keep up the heat on Donald...give him a stroke!
Vote NO on all Truump appointments.
Tell Kamala
you are still a powerless cry baby pouting because your team lost. Get over it and act like an adult
you voted for Ben Carson
you lie more then anybody why and when did it become okay to be illegal? When can stop paying taxs for cons like you
Thank you Senator Warren for consistently & courageousy championing what is right.
ok
you have no soul and are a liar
I urge your colleagues to vote yes!  You have no integrity you stole a job that was intended for a Native American
vote no on all appointees. Your yes vote for Carson was appalling.
.@SenWarren Yet you voted to confirm Ben Carson. We need 100% opposition. Trump is no one to reason with. His cabinet is a pack of monsters.
@DrDinD vote NO on Sessions, Tillerson, Price & DeVos @SenSchumer
calls are better (202-224-3121
stop your temper tantrum. Trump needs a cabinet to run this country. His voters will vote you out. Your a hypocrite.
Seems that you lied when you claimed to be part native american.
you and your Democratic Party have told more lies to the American public then one could count. Your a losing hypocrite.
yet you voted to put their fate in the hands of Ben Carson. #toolittletoolate
how's the 1.3 mill doing??  term limits now!!!
So now lying is something you don't support? You were pretty comfortable with it when Hillary lied and cheated during the debates
@andersoncooper @angela_rye big problem is mediago through trump issues like a time feed one day it's a hot topic next day it not
But Carson's OK for HUD?
you really need a new routine pocohantas
this is the last chance for our elected office to redeem themselves. Otherwise, we and the world are doomed.
we need you to speak louder and publicly more often than before. Our republic is in danger because of your silence
thank U Senator Warren for standing up for Americans I don't see too many others doing so. I don't get what happened to our Reps
Senate democrats lack a spine, green lighting all of Trumps psychopath appointments
start the impeachment process
What will you do about Sessions as AG and Bannon on Security Council? Hope you are not hiding behind an easy No on Devos
I urge your colleagues to take action to remove #traitortrump from office forthwith - stop everything else now!
Vote NO on all confirmations!  Slow this chaos down.
stand up for the right thing buck the Republicans return the favor they showed us Dems. fight for us
He is reprehensible
The Reps have all the votes they need. The ppl need our leaders to stand with us
Surely, since he lied under oath, the response should be rather stronger than just a NO vote!
Try hard to block him!!! Keep up the GOOD WORK!!!!
please vote no on everything, Trump is destroying the three branches of government
You had no problem with @HillaryClinton a wall st insider, but all of a sudden you selectively hate wall street insiders?
where was your "no" on Ben Carson?
Vote NO ON ALL OF THEM. Show us some guts for a change Democrats and you too for voting for ben Carson. Come on!
fake
Absolutely. Keep fighting Senator Warren.
Trump is governing in the basement
We need you to vote no on EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM.
Democrats should vote NO on all the nominees!!!
The "pot calling the kettle black!" Liar liar pants on fire!!! No mas pantalones!!!
majority of Americans can't get through to our senators any longer for all the urging to vote no. Sadly it doesn't seem to work
,thank you!
@SenateDems Thank you Senator Reid
Elizabeth Warren your're an obstructionist. I bet you will lose your next term
so you voted for someone that had most of Wall Street shoved up her rear end. Such a hypocrite Fauxcahontas.
Please urge your colleagues to vote no on all Trump's Nominees.
don't you make $380,000 for teaching one class a week? Tell me more about unscrupulous cost of higher education.
yes, Ms. Warren, yes.
I hope they vote is NO We lost your home because of him
Please vote no on all of them! And thank you for fighting for us.
@TheTawniest 
I urge you senator Warren to vote no on Betsy DeVos. She's unqualified.
We need to impeachTrump! We are looking at War is going to happen. There will be blood on American hand. We need to fight harder
Refuse to consent
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
time to #withholdconsent and save our country
Vote NO on ALL Trump nominees!
Speaking of liars what about that line of credit you lied about
, time to pull a Mitch and vote NO and WITHHOLD CONSENT on EVERYTHING! we love you
he is insiting domestic threats he is not fulfilling his oath, he by nature is a threat, #Impeachnow
@Bate_ME_  Step up, Senator. Vote "No" to all of POTUS' cabinet nominees!
About time. But we won't forget Carson.
yes, call out those colleagues to action!! 
Allow my urging all @SenateDems to vote against every @realDonaldTrump nominee moving forward. We won't forget @RealBenCarson.
I urge you not to confirm sessions
DT just fired Yates you need to block sessions!!
Yes! Sessions too! Please! The center will not hold.
You are always wrong. Can't wait for you to be voted out.
Thank you and the other members of Congress and the Senate for standing up for what is right and gathering tonight! #OneNation
you are so bold and so wonderful! Your words carry the soothing sounds of liberty, and I love it!
I hope so cause I'm getting really tired of dem not standing up
U mean 'shyster', right?
.@SenWarren but, you were 100% behind HC. What's the difference?
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis I urge my NC reps to put your big boy pants on and VOTE NO ON MNUCHIN. North Carolina is watching you
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz
Warren has worn out her welcome. She is a criminal and impersonated an Indian to get free school. Not credible person
Please also vote NO on Jeff Sessions. He is not the right person for AG, especially now.
How about "NO" across the board?
Agreed, no Goddamn Sachs lyin' Munchkin for Treasury!
why did you vote Ben Carson in? We cannot trust any legislators. Soon the judicial branch will crumble as well.
That's rich, coming from a lying 'Indian'. Liberal hypocrisy on full display.
wrong dummy!
u were all 4 HRC the biggest w/st person of all what a fake u r why don't the demoncrates give him the cabinet he needs -2018
Why @KamalaHarris didn't prosecuted him when she was California's AG?? 
pocahontas heep big a-hole
What if all this craziness is actually happening because now that Trump IS Pres, Russia blackmailing Entire GOP? Investigate now
I urge you not too let be real.
#DonaldTrumpHaiku
Yep, Mnuchin is really good
At munchin' on
The middle class.
@CynNarwahl I hope Congressmembers and Senators Will Think Seriously about Taking Trump out of The Presidency for He is Sick!
yup let's put them in the hands of lying Pocahontas.
what you are doing is great.  And I know your stretched thin but what is being done about Bannon
we see you working your butt off, and are proud of your positions!
NO to all of trumps nominees.   Impeach trump!
Thank you!
so sad Sen Warren.  If HRC had used one of her Wall St friends there would be no issue. So childish on your part
you failed to disclose $1.3 million line of credit provided to you by Bank of America, @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  @TuckerCarlson
but you guys voted yes to ben carson? huh, what kind of "resistance" is this. I think i am going to #demexit! Lost all faith!!!
lying like your old girl friend Hillary? I think not. Pull yourself together. You are embarrassing the state of MA.
YOU CAN'T STOP ANYTHING!!! FAKE SENATOR.  FAKE INDIAN.  46% OF MASS VOTERS SAY TIME FOR SOMEONE ELSE TO TAKE YOUR SEAT. #BYE.
THANK YOU!
lies lies lies. lip service to Tranquilize your weak minded uneducated followers. What goes around comes around. You reap w/y sow
, thank you. How long will it take for the Republican leadership in the Senate to oppose Anti-Americanism?
thank you for serving the American people with honesty and compassion
now that's a surprise,please do us all a real favor,jump on the term limits bandwagon,we need them badly and you know it
If muslim americans are interred, I expect Mnuchin would love to have those confiscated homes and properties.
I believe you described Hillary  lying Wall Street insider. She took all that money for speaking from Wall Street 
thank you for all you do!  
Please also urge them to vote NO to Betsy DeVos!
@MAHAMOSA I dont know what the circumstances were, but U tried 2 put our lives in Wall St.s hands 2! W/ Hellary
Senator, When you vote in this manner(Carson), U seriously erode the little trust that is left in your party. U were the example.
like they should listen to a woman who fraudulently stole a Harvard scholarship LYING about having Cherokee blood!
Pocahontis.
@RiccoFortissimo Vote NO on every remaining Trump nominee. They are all terrible to the USA
Yes, use your influence to convince a few GOPhers.
