We would take her!  Send her to me I think I might be related!!
u want 2 spend gov money 2 get her-here's a thought-u want her u pay & u go get her.Oh no?well then why should the tax payers?
lol you can't spell and have 0 followers. Nice.
actually-I can barely type on my iPhone, I have very poor eye sight, & I delete followers. Nobody needs to read my tweets - lol
Don't vote to confirm one more Trump nominee. Obstruct everything. No cooperation. Anything less makes you complicit.
go visit areas of boston, and help those needy children. Stop worries about others, when you don't take care of ours.
https://twitter.com/E2NZ/status/825511804986028032 …
@E2NZ @JaneCaro like arguing with snowflakes and demos..I got it..
https://twitter.com/E2NZ/status/825511804986028032 …
I call for a ban and immediate deportation of radicalized republicans.
and it is putin who has been killed the kid and women in aleppo
he has his own agenda,tho simular,Power & greed George Orwell   
https://twitter.com/E2NZ/status/825511804986028032 …
how about she stays and you leave
shame on the parents that sent her out.
her parents are dead she's the only one left no siblings no parents
such a staged picture it's sad. You use kids as props lady.
why can't children come here? I will take in as many as I can fit in my home. #westernmass they are children?!

Senator Elizabeth I remember that one it broke my heart but I was so happy that that seven year old girl made it out of her country
@realDonaldTrump @VP @KellyannePolls look at this girl. Your actions have dire consequences. Please revert. Save others like her
she can come to my house
You are rich, why don't you volunteer to take in a dozen of them into your home.
why don't you take a couple dozen of these wonderful people and let them live in your mansions and estates.
So you want to bring  the  muslim  caused   misery  of Europe here ?
what have we become?
https://twitter.com/E2NZ/status/825511804986028032 …
When U.S. invades countries, the innocent suffer. Did you ask Obama why he expanded wars? #liberal #hypocrites spreading #war
Yes so she wouldn't be RAPED BEATEN &a MURDERED!
I feel like we are in a civil war to save our beloved AMERICA. Created by IMMIGRANTS.
Photo op is good but you voted for Carson.
Even HITLER used children in his actions.
I fault any parent that would put their child at risk like that! You should TOO!
how many are you willing to take into your own home?
but what did you do for her?  Give her food? A blanket? A ride? NO!
Her parents should be ashamed of themselves.. What about American children left without a family cuz their parents were murdered
These children are dreams for human traffickers!
I doubt Trump understands that...
#notmypresident
do you worry about children used to carry out Jehad and kill Christians there
what are we to do?  we cannot leave them at the mercy of ISIS! Drumpf, Pence & Ryan r not doing what's right!

How many children or parent's of murdered children have u met w/ in Chicago. D/T dem policies our inner citizens R war zones too.
Bad parents!
Just think of what this country did to the Indigenous people, & yet you still tried to appropriate their history 4 your own gain
why would we want to bring a war inside our country? It needs to stay where it is.
@RaeSnape And for the next 4 months she would be waiting at the border gate.
how come you didn't give them money ???  You evil woman
Ironic that the film Lion is being considered for American awards while real life Saroos are being turned away.
Delete your account
you know your part of the administration that caused this terrorist uprising and the refugee crisis. Your guilt is showing
I am sick you are using innocent children to guilt trip Americans
why don't the shrieking women go over to their countries to help reform them?
Hmmm....
Senator,every time a Dems in WH theres genocide & refugee crisis Obama was no exception.
Sly Lib MSM squelched but voters knew
why does @SenWarren have the same haircut as Trump
is this a man or a woman shaking hands????
In a Muslim country that little girl would have no rights..
Then you should be supporting @POTUS' safe zone plan rather than virtue signalling and grandstanding.
was this when you were living on the reservation??? Just trying to get an idea of when you experienced this.  Cause - u have lied
heartbreaking!
- bless that sweet little girl
Oh, how sweet. Why don't u care about the 60 million innocent babies murdered since 1973 that didn't have a chance to grow up?
no journey embarked on if no where to go!
I know I can't imagine it
Send your tired, huddled masses so I can watch videos of them drowning, then  blame their sodden corpses for my sorry paycheck
how do you not instantly adopt that person ?
I know.  I was thinking "Why didn't you bring her home???"  There's room at the inn. 
We heard a homily once in mlk suburb, "what corner of the house do you live in?"
 she's an innocent
I worked with a 6 yr old girl traumatized by the perilous journey. Seeing death, locked in a semi without bathrooms and windows.
Tragedy is also politicians in a pedophilia ring.
So what is the plan to push back on this? Thank you
Focus on your constituents first Lizzy. Enough with this narrative. Do something good for your constituents. Or maybe that's too boring ?
What could have been @SenSanders
Help is needed for refugees. US is no longer number one in world. Unless change is forthcoming. #notmypresident
Very moving story there, Pocahontas!
we need to fix this debacle!!
spoken like a true colonialist.
I am sure you followed up on it & did not seize it as a photo opp. for personal gain.
Boo hoo!
https://twitter.com/E2NZ/status/825511804986028032 …
unbearably sad
Bless that little angel. What she must have overcome, and how frightened she must still be.
so sad it breaks my heart to see all the suffering that is going on
Horrible!
Sad, but we have our own problems!
please have these illegals come in2 the country  Legally
Oh did you sing her songs in your native Lakota language, Pocahontas? such a fake&a loser! Who lies about Native American Blood?!
please refrain.  From living.
OH really? Is that what you have to say to a real Native American? I have Lakota Blood! & I paid for my college!
There are three people in gov Who challange, Warren, Sanders, McCain.  U are shading her on a heritage claim, y?
what? She claimed to B Native American to get Free Money (grants) for college! She is a fraudulent liar!
Id like to see your DNA Ms. Warren!!
Somebody save her. 
Every American should protect & teach children regardless of color, age, class, but most importantly those overlooked & unloved.
The situation is horrible. I have been doing fundraisers for Syrian Refugee Children to get into school. Small Projects Istanbul
Man, you're killing me over here. That must've been so terrifying! I didn't like going to the basement alone when I was a kid, can't imagine
unbelievably sad.  All of these children should be welcomed as refugees.
@CCourtneyclift Americans take many things for granted. We must protect our democracy so we can help others around the 
Agreed, and the bleeding heart liberals will drag us all to ruin with their naivety ~
my heart cries for those who must take drastic measures. Now a POTUS who denies access to refugees
It makes me cry. My daughter and my friends are collecting. Will be sent with interpreters. Thank you
you're amazing
thank you for working so hard #awesomesenator
What is your point, senator?
Take Note Donald, when a child hugs a mother or father in the hopes of survival your presidency means nothing
Heartbreaking.
you should be consigned to the loonie bin with your Dem compatriots before wrecking the fabric of our society a bad person total
it's ur potus that belongs in a looney bin.
tears
It's Friday night .Time to celebrate hard ass working grown ass men and lesbian women. Let's Make America Great Again.
I love you Elizabeth
why did you vote yes on Carson?
she explained herself on her Facebook page.  Progessives have limited power, best to pick your battles.
Did you try and convince her of your reasoning for voting for Ben Carson?
She's smart enough to know, sometimes you have to pick your battles.
you're a phony and a fraud.
