Welcome the new party of no. It was unhelpful when the Republicans did it (and you rightly complained). It's unhelpful when you do it.
We are talking about the future. Do you really understand what this man is about?  He is the "no"; he is the "turn back" in progress.
I understand he makes decisions based on the laws and the Constitution and he's replacing the most strict constitutionist ever.
He sides with Corp. He is not into individual rights, women's rights, minority rights, and he is not anything original.
Exactly and when they fail to uphold something it becomes invalid.  They are the gate keepers.
we are finding out different things about him now though, aren't we?  Digging deeper, there are some things that just aren't correct....
Please keep going!! We need you to defend us.   This man will be the bane of progress.
Only when last tree has died & last river has been poisoned & last fish been caught will we realize we cannot eat money.-Cree Indian Proverb
Obama's EPA did this to the Animas River:
Not Obama: accidental spill by EPA contracter cleaning river. Rep.Grijalva, DEMOCRAT introduced legisla 2 bring mining law into 21st century

Beale lies date back to GEORGE W. BUSH admin although Obama admin criticized when discovered he had also lied to then-EPA air chief McCarthy
The head of Obama's EPA knew about Beale and covered for him for a year.
Funny! He was a great choice for your party when you voted him in at the circuit level! @SenWarren proves again, that she's off her meds!
Do you know the difference between supreme court and a circuit one? And do you know of his records at circuit level?
I'm well aware of how the judicial branch works. I also know @realDonaldTrump  could nominate Crist and @SenWarren would have a problem!
Take a look at his history! To me, it looks like you are the one closing your eyes on the reality!
I don't think so. He has ruled against unions a few times. They back @SenWarren that's why she hates him. Also, Trump nominee.
"a few times" is not good enough! I know more than a few that went against individuals and back corporations.
I read his cases! I don't rely only on what politicians (either side) say.Also I would like 2 know those few 2 take a (probably second) look
I think he will make a good SCOTUS Justice. Not a perfect one. Good replacement for Scalia.
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED FOR YOUR WORDS ON THEvIEW OF #POTUSDONALDTRUMP STOP TRYING TO TURN USA AGAINST HIM
Sorry, Elizabeth, U are wrong again.  Judge Gorsuch record speaks for itself. He is perfect for the job.
Keep up the good work you do every day Elizabeth. ..You are great!! I  stand  beside you
No vote on SCOTUS until Trump is cleared of Russian collusion. No compromise.
Yes, let's stop all legislation based on every random unsubstantiated claim made by nut case liberals
If Russian involvement in our election and possible Trump collusion is unsubstantiated, then stop watching Fox News.
Trump collusion is totally unsubstantiated.  If you are not concerned about crooks like Rice leaking conf intell then stop watching MSNBC.
The way you pay your staff equally? Are you not ashamed? What are you doing to fix this inequality?
And the 1st amendment for everyone.
Obama shoved in 2 radical left judges now your just whining with nonsense about one that went the other way. Embarrassment to Mass.
For the love of God Sen Warren, please lay off smoking the peace pipe when you do these announcements and speeches.
Presidency is in the hands of someone who shows CONTEMPT FOR our constitution;judiciary system;free press;principles that make up democracy!
Senate role is to confirm they are qualified! Not evaluate/politicize views WTF senate=broken!crisis when Prez 1 party,senate other, f* up!
love you warren g
I want to say thank you to the Democratic Party for all that you've done. I know you don't hear this enough, but we appreciate it.
Yes, thanks for being the complete incompetent crooks you are and giving away the house senate and presidency. Bless you
I don't know why you add my name in that but if you didn't vote or voted for republicans, you are the crook. They are doing what they can.
SHUT UP for once, you know absolutely Nothing.
What in his record shows that? Because he interprets the constitution as it was written, not as YOU want to rewrite it?
Gorsuch chooses Corporations over women's rights;employees rights;human rights. He is NOT for Equal Justice!
Begin planning on Medicare For All NOW!
We demand equal pay for women at @SenWarren office . Talk about a hypocrite  #nopaynoplay
#fauxcohontis
Yea and a lying left wing activist is paid $175k/yr. lied about heritage to get ahead. What else does she lie about.
Her net worth Warren, the Harvard bankruptcy law professor elected to the Senate in 2012, is worth between $3.7 million and $10 million.
Same way Harry Reed did it , corruption. Land deals, exempt from insider trading and selling access. Just like HRC. Produce nothing now $$$$
Equal justice for Native Americans and jail for fake Indians
Explain then why as a Transgendered Man I walked freely down the road in a Red state with @GOP people supporting me today?
Does that woman understand just how crazy she is?
THIS WOMAN IS ANOTHER SENATOR THAT HAS A LOOSE WIRE IN HER BRAIN!!!!! GOOFY - MUST LOVE BEING IN THE MINORITY - DEMS SEEM UNHINGED!!!
Somebody SHUT HER UP ALREADY!!!
please let Trey Goudy question you again...it is delightful watching him chew you up on Youtube.
He follows the law not to idiotic politicians like yourself and that's why you're pissed off
This women can talk for hours and still say nothing of importance
This video is an advertisement for mental illness?
He will uphold the laws.  Not make them.
Gorsuch reads the laws in place.  He doesn't decide a case before he hears it. That's supposed to be the makings of good judgement.
My god - fix your own house before burning others. Senator Warren's 71% female pay to her male staffers is horrible. What is equal there?
oh really. But he was perfect years ago when u &your clan of crooks voted him in. All politics &TRUMP will seat more
Senator Warren, please just STOP! STOP! Stop harassing our President and wk. with him. I did't vote Obama and NEVER became violent over it!
Go back to the reservation Pocahontas
So remind the @GOP of that and the @DeptVetAffairs that there info will be sold as well... And they can thank @TomWheelerFCC and the GOP!
And to top it off with the privacy act being repealed it will allow our enemies to buy all of Congress and our military and vets info.
This puts our kids at risk our social security numbers at risk and our day to day activities and work activities to major risk!
Yup! And We should Sue @GOP and the @TomWheelerFCC for allowing American data and personal information to be sold to third parties!
And specifically who do you watch out for, besides yourself? He follows the LAWS that are in place! You Democratic Party DOES NOT!
Is it true that some stole her chest or is she really a little boy?
Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren is a lieing, left wing loon who is one of the 1%ers worth 4+ million dollars, pathetic.
Elizabeth Warren, you are the smart, bad ass that we need in 2020!  Love how you leveled that greedy, Wells Fargo CEO.
You are talking about a future Supreme Court Judge, low life's like you had better take heed.
Your argument is partisan and laughable. Doesn't  hold water.
Each time Dems make a pathetic move like they did today by filibustering Gorsuch the American people are taking note & will vote them out!
I believe it's time for Warren to see a Psychologist. She has invented so much hate it has affected her ability to think straight & not lie.
Warren & Schumer are a disgrace. They have mislead & lied to the people about Gorsuch & so much more so they can push a socialist agenda.
The Dem Party has sunk to a pathetic low by filibustering Gorsuch. This is not about the man it's about opposing anything Republicans want!
He side with the LAW. Not corporations. Liars
It's too late Sen Warren...we have entered into a TOXIC time...the only way to change this is to VOTE!
That's a LIE Pocahontas! He's been given the HIGHEST HONORS!
What's with the upturned collars? Are you an Arnold Palmer fan? Or a Fonzie fan?
Who can really believe Warren? Didn't she lied to get benefits as a minority just to get free tuition?
You mean equal justice like your equal pay for women right?!
, give us a ring once @SenWarren practices what she preaches in her own office...

If Trump is impeached/Illegitimate, will Gorsuch be removed from Supreme Court? Seems the right thing to do for such a "Great" nation as USA
politicians should work for all legal and us citizens but you don't! You bow to special infests etc! You are a joke
Go change your depends
Liar, not an honest person at all. Woman, Men. Wow. not the right pay your a liar.
HYPOCRITE
Not even kidding: 
If you think Kagan and Sotomayor had equal justice for the GOP in mind, you need to get an MRI scheduled. Like yesterday.
Gorsuch does defend justice for EVERYONE. Dems want to use the law and courts to fight SJW causes by judges as activists rather than neutral
Remember this looney Lizzie
@SenWarren When are you going to pay your staffers equally.
How much you pay those females working for you? Are you an Indian?
hypocrites, liars


She should have her staffers buy more donuts, that seemed useful
Equal justice, or "do it my way"?
See media pages and4/5 Tweet @funder
 
  Gorsuch founder & president of
 "Fascist Forever Club"
   per yearbook and photo.
See documentation
Where did you get all your money
Your wasting tax payers money
Amazing how Bill, Hillary, and now Rice can constantly break the law but never go to jail? Lock them all up!
Terrible terrible people. Working against the will of the American people for your political agenda. #globalismisevil #confirmgorsuch
Pale face speak with forked tongue.
why do you pay men more than women on your staffv
Residents?
They can do to keep you from getting out of the non existent middle class, which they created. How blind and stupid are Massachusetts
Gorsuch is a constitutionalist who will protect and defend the constitution. You , @SenWarren alter the constitution to your liking.
Look around, these liberals are destroying the American Dream.
They crush every opportunity you have with regulations,stupid laws anything
And we're suppose to listen to lying nasty Pocahontas as our moral & legal compass? Hahaha! Dems R funny!
So forcing the nuke option changes what exactly for Dems? Didn't see the opp to save your leverage for something you could win?
A illegal alien live there, for fucking NOTHING!(FREE)
I'm now aware that @SenatorEWarren does not pay her female staffers equal pay comparable to male staffers. Please confront her & correct it!
I agree that judge Gorsuch is not right for WE THE PEOPLE. He understands, we the rich, or we the corporation but stop the nuclear option.
You seem to think "justice" is a result that appeals to you; I think it means an impartial application of law, regardless of the outcome.
obstructionists!
ITS A SAD DAY THAT THE GOP SENATORS DID WHAT THEY DID.. ITS NOW TIME TO RAMP UP THE FIGHT AND GET OUR SEATS BACK! SCREW THEM ALL!
our individual rights r being stripped away by this administration they must be stopped
change the nominee! Supreme Court must remain bipartisan
Nonsense. Judge Gorsuch upholds rule of law, which is sufficient to protect the rights of everyone. We need four more like him.
How is replacing a conservative justice with a conservative justice "tilting the court"? #equalpay
Face it, you're insignificant.  All you can do is hold press conferences while @realDonaldTrump Makes America Great Again
if you don't like him he must be the best candidate because your "judge of friends" is suspect  to be kind
You don't even support equal pay in your own office.
Trump Administration FBI investigation doesn't give him the right to nominate Gorsuch!
Dems demand judges rule in accordance w FEELS,not the law! None of that law applies equally to all crap anymore!
Cry babies. You screwed your party. Welcome aboard Gorsuch. Long live he SCOTUS!! Hail hail.
So... I hear your male employees are put into a higher payment bracket than your female employees. Say it isn't so?
your feelings are irrelevant, The Constitution and our laws don't care about your feelings.
Equal justice requires judges who follow the law, like Gorsuch. Not judges who follow the whims of the people. @SenateDems @SenWarren
STOP UR $%#%! The ONLY reason you do NOT want him is because @POTUS  selected him & you will DESTROY USA to destroy him! YOU ARE ALL SICK!!
Eliabeth, once again U R wrong and totally partisan and not who U pretend 2 B.  We know.  Out in 2018.
You and the rest of the Dems are acting like spoiled children. Confirm Gorsuch.
Pound sand, democrats. Elections have consequences. This is the part where you live in regret for decades. Lol!
WRONG! A SCOTUS justice owes allegiance to the Constitution and to the rule of law as it complies with the actual words of the Constitution.
U don't like him cause he follows the law and not his feelings
Why do Dem's not believe that people of religious conviction are 'one of us'.  No room for free thought in Dem party
For a person that took an oath to uphold the Constitution this is an embarrassing video,  Judge by feeling not the law?
Maybe 'equal justice' is defined as paying your male and female staffers the same but we know you're all talk and no action, Dems.
Elections have consequences, the GOP rightfully withheld advice and consent
If Senator McCain thinks that using the nuclear option is not "beneficial" and those who do are "stupid", then why is he voting to use it?
The GOP and the whole country will benefit for decades. Thanks Dirty Harry Reid!
That would be true if we were living in the Stone Age, which is where the GOP would like us to be.
Thank you once again Sen Warren. Does opposition matter at this point? What can we do to stop his confirmation?
the only option would be illegal and bloody.
Going nuclear. Better hope your tantrums get you the WH in 2020 or you're in big trouble. How many seats will be filled in next 8 years?
How about legislators actually do their jobs instead of punting it to the courts.
Then the Supreme Court wouldn't be so important
#NuclearOption
#ConfirmGorsuch
These are YOUR rules we play by. You don't get to change them now because you don't like the turn of the game
Please fight for our rights & protections!! We have to stay healthy & happy to make change better for all & help others who are not able
Gorsuch will, for many decades. So will Trump's other appointees when those come.
How's the pay for women ? They make only 71% of man's pay? Hypocrite?  Lieing Indian? Who looks whiter then casper?
What goes around comes around. The complaints of the GOP reveal the deep hypocrisy in their beliefs. Every complaint supports it even more.
...says the party of dirty Harry Reid, the Duke of nuke
Amazing how destructive you are to America Ms. warren.
No they rule on laws. Please study the constitution.  You are completely wrong.
This witch pays her FEMALE employees $20,000 less than her male employees Pocahontas is a liar and she's been silent on it today
De Niro: “It’s idiotic. This guy has sullied the presidency. He’s debased the  presidency. It’s just beyond surreal what this guy has done.”
Love the Democrats are now deferring to a senile actor
http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/08/news/economy/elizabeth-warren-wealth/ …
#SenatorWarren #Hypocrite Top 1%
http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/08/news/economy/elizabeth-warren-wealth/Top … 1%
http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/08/news/economy/elizabeth-warren-wealth/ …
The #hypocrisy is Sooooooooooooo! Blatant
Aren't YOU wealthy?!
Filibuster this terrible, corporate shill nominee!  Vote NO on Gorsuch!
aww, so cute when they think filibuster is still a thing
Your record shows you pay women less than men. #hypocrite
look at this cheat-goof-demon! get bipaRTISAN OR GET OUT
All the BS and Dumbocrats rhetoric!
You still LOSE! ROTFLMAO! My POTUS WINS! #MAGA you liberal dumbocrats!! I LOVE IT
And @SenWarren You're a lying sack of dung. You must know that. You don't actually believe your lies, do you?
This is very true.
Cuz what you want is not a judge who follows the law, you want one who agrees with your SJW BS.Judge Gorsuch's record shows he follows law
Go nuclear and vote in Judge Gorsuch
Thank you for always defending the majority of Americans you are an inspiration.
