We need more funding to poverty stricken schools!
No we don't. They have poured $$ into those schools. It is not $$ they need but a complete system revamp. There are better ways.
We do need a better system but we also need better schools with better funding for program cuts
We need to restore manufacturing.. we have emissions reducing tech. US engineers were installing in China..we can dp it here. This is fact
I don't see that as a positive
Sorry about the errors. I know how to spell. The keys on here get stuck. It is a cheap phone but one I can afford.
No worries it's great information I'm learning!
Me too!
I call it not public education, but public anti American indoctrination. Don't even teach the constitution anymore in the public schools.
None of you two went, cause I'm almost done HS and we discussed the Constitution in 9th grade US History & Poli Sci in 11th. Spouting lies.
Were you required to take a constitution test in order  to graduate 8th grade and high school like we were in the 60's?
No, but we have to pass the class. 8th grade is in the middle school.
I'm in the class of 2018, so yes, I'm still in School.

2/2 are usually nonviolent criminals in jail for smoking pot. "Letting boys in Girls bathrooms" is also moot, because they'd have 2 dress2/3
3/3 as a girl in order to do so, and they'd be called cowards and humiliated for the rest of their life if they did assault someone in there

How was that related? I didn't attack you, I said you were wrong. I live in the country, I'm probably more of a redneck than you are.
Johnny Depp also by the way is part Native American also- SO WASN'T ELVIS - does that bother you that white ppl can be mixed race too?  WHY?
No one is talking about being mixed. Pocahontas pretended she was Native American so when she applied to Harvard she'd have an edge. Liar.
Hahahahaha real dimwit. Can't wait to call someone "racist". It's their go to word when they lose the argument so they have to really REACH!
It's Simple. No Profit Taking From OUR Public Schools.The More Privatized Our Schools get,the Lower USA Falls in Quality Education Worldwide
Privatized schools doesn't mean lower education. Don't just say random stuff. Say save public schools and end it.
They want to slice off $ for Public Education and create Profit from our Tax Dollars... Private Schools can remain private, don't take tax $
When our public schools are in decline due to bogus "no child left behind"&"ketchup is a vegetable"Repub policies,there's No Room For Profit
What about public charter schools. It's non profit. Snd Americans, especially minorities are supporting it.
Not talking about Non-profit, but Charter Schools can be hinkey in the wrong Community...ie:fringy religious, or anti-immigrant or racist.
We should just argue about it affecting families and needing it for economic reasons.
You have thoughtful insight into many things. I have a little hope for USA with young people like you around!Right now,it's not easy to B +
School choice now!!..stop the socialist indoctrination
Hey  @RealDonad_Trump you know who's not cutting funding on education Japan and China
Drain the swamp. We're tired of fake Cherokee senators.
the Cherokee are REAL, very REAL - I know you & your ancestors wish you had wiped them out so you could claim ownership of this land- WRONG!
I agree. Senator Warren pretends that she's Cherokee.
How about we pay teachers what they are worth. Without teachers noone could grow up to be anything they want to be.
All Federal, State, and Local government unions must be made illegal immediately... especially teacher's unions,
we elected Donald J. Trump & America will again ascend the ladder to become high on the list of performance based upon education.
Pocahontas go to your tipy
its spelled tepee or teepee & your remark is very racist of you to think putting down Native names & culture are insults- they're NOT
It's simple. If we keep the kids stupid they'll vote Republican. It's clearly not a secret.
As a retired public school administrator I believe the entire federal department of education should be eliminated.
Trump gave his $100,000 quarterly salary to the Department of Education. He also proposed a 9 billion cut to their budget.
You could give the teachers some of that money you used to create that stupid committee you're in charge of can't even answer one question
@RevJJackson @realDonaldTrump @BetsyDeVos hahaha, no guaranteed jobs in USA
Please! The first to lose services because of you are children with disabilities. Kids need every chance we can give them to be successful.
That is my biggest fear. And my oldest son would be one of those children. He is thriving now. But what if they reduce funding?
When your child comes to school he becomes mine too. I stay up at night worrying about our kids. It's not right. They need more not less.
That's stinks. Like every profession teaching has it's rotten eggs. I've been doing this for 18 yrs and the majority work hard for kids
#FAKEPRESIDENT
You are not interested in promoting education, just your agenda!
PREACH!!!!
Thanks for the 'like' Besty!  I support your efforts towards eugenics!  Ketchup & napkins ARE as good as vegetables in US pub school lunches
Heh. it's not the real one, I doubt there would be THAT many spelling mistakes on her profile.
#LockHimUp
It's one or the other. Can't have both.
Wow, is somebody working toward a 2020 run? Please run Pocahantis so you can get creamed in the election, like #mikedukakis
goes to show how stupid you are- Pocahontas is spelled like this & you don't even realize she's up for re-election to the senate in 2018
Thanks for braving the heat to speak to us! Grateful for your diligent work in the Senate #kidsnotcuts
Oh yeah, good choice of words. Braving. You are thinking "Pocahontas " aren't you? Hahaha
You paid $50 a semester for college? Sounds like you received the exact education that you paid for.
where'd you go? i can bet you didnt go to school that's why you comment- are you jealous? Sorry trumpU didnt provide enough of a quality Ed.

We need to increase spending in education decrease spending on military. A smarter America is a safer America.
You dims never come up with anything that changes the status quo.Failing inner city schools for 50 yrs and counting. Just push hides thru.
Teachers union dues are just another Demshevik money laundry
No they aren't. Teachers in the US are heavily underpayed compared to unimportant jobs like pro Football player.

you can stop with using all the #fake eagles around trump to try to make him appear what he's not- we all know even EAGLES DON'T LIKE HIM!!!
Commom Core..removing history, teachers & administrators implimenting goofy, potentially dangerous curriculum...We said no thanks when ...
They are attacking humanity on all fronts, health, education, and environmental it's all fair game in this administration!!  Disgraceful!
Cut Industrial Military complex spending then- It's so simple/
I love you!!! President soon?!
Yes. Please and thank you!!
I LOVE Secretary DeVOS and ask her to consider WALDORF Education, the greatest educational system in the world
I love u ma'am
#SaveTheACA
Yep and you weren't afraid to take mucho money as a professor at Harvard!  Quit talking out of both sides of your mouth!
No budget cuts for anything, right?
Look into this SCREW job from the commonwealth.
Teachers in MA get screwed out of their SS benefits.  Survivor benefits etc. Cause the MRS is run by a bunch of DEMOCRAT SURFs.
Problem. They have labeled charters as public education. You have lost the battle already. "Choice" relabeled private as public. V sorry.

How about using the money for education not social change or special projects like votes for the DNC or RNC but for us.
She shouldn't have the job anyway they all need to go
You are a very sinful and angry lady I feel sorry for you and your family, I've never once seen you smile or talk positive about anything.
Sorry toots. Cut out fisting and homo classes. Save money!
Can you please explain what value the Federal Government contributes to public education?  Local taxes fund local schools.
agreed cut to senitors who get paid to do nothing that would be all of you
Elizabeth Warren u do Mass proud
DT & his ppl don't give for public education since he/all rich grinds $$$to pick & choose where kids go to school! Wake up Rust belt W Vir
Go away! Sick of hearing you!
I want more rational opinions instead of crazu shortsided racially tinged ignorant ones
Agreed
I stand with my very learned sister
That must mean you were not very proud of @TheDemocrats & the Messiah -CUT PUBLIC EDUCATION FOR YEARS -pushing funding back to 2007 Levels!
You're a criminal. You voted for the #DARKact. Explain your way out of this please?
I can explain this.
First I have a question. What is your issue with GMOs?
I want to actually see if you know what a GMO is.
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
That's right Our children deserve the best public education we can give them
Then fight to not let Trump make deep cuts to Dept of Education and allocate more $$ to PUBLIC SCHOOLS!!!!
Get rid of the Bloated Education Bureacracy!  Spend the damn money on kids!!
Shut up http://Pocahontas.You  have had it your way in inner cities for years and all u libs do is throw $ at schools that KEEP FAILING !!
Ok #Pocahontas

@MTEAunion
Thank you
Yes!  I wish narcissistic Trump would work for the benefit of the people rather than work for the tax cuts of the wealthiest 1%!

ABSOLUTELY! My kids r teachers -teachers & nurses r engines running the world-civilizations judged how kids/old cared 4
So WHY this tweet hasn't gotten MUCH more "likes"!!? Wake up and show your support to this great senator who defends your childrens rights!
They need to cut salaries of professors like you!
our new president
Yeah keep throwing money at it while our scores keep decreasing cause that'll fix it
Except @BetsyDeVosED doesn't give s shit about teachers, public schools, college debt!!
BetsyDeVos has got to go
Yes! I stand with teachers too !

Not a Fed issue.  Dept of Ed needs to go!
We, most of the people, don't like you Elizabeth Warren.
Grateful you're standing up,!!    However, the optics are, you're always angry and in the face....  that's what youre putting out there.
YOU ARE TOTALLY WRONG! KIDS IN COLLEGE TODAY ARE TAUGHT TO BE LIBERALS BY THEIR TEACHERS, RESULT=PROTESTS!!LOOTING, DAMAGE!
Get rid of the UNIONS! THEY PROTECT HORRIBLE TEACHERS AND THE DUES ARE GIVEN TO THE DEMS! Hire & fire like in the business world!!
You are wrong! I'm a teacher, once tenured after 2 years, just relax,U CAN'T be fired.UNION PROTECTION.I HATE THE UNION, STRONG ARMED TO PAY
I w u! I'm very proud to stand w our teachers and Americans kids 
Thank You Senator!!! You are the inspiration
Obama cut education every year in office why didn't you stop him.Or when he cut medicare by 716 billion.Or taking 3 billion from vets
Did u send that message via smoke signals too.  Ya know. Your tribe???
States are ruining their own education, not the president. In my state, taxes from weed legalization were for EDU. Isn't happening.
Thank you @SenWarren for standing with teachers. Sec of Ed has no idea what we do.
Proud to support

I'm a teacher. Please sit down. I'll stand for myself in my state & district. I do not need the help of a liberal Massachusetts politician.
Insofar as DeVos is concerned, "the emptiest vessel always makes the most noise."
@Ninjarale @realDonaldTrump @BetsyDeVos New topic #ableg #abed
#ableg #abed Try for two weeks the Daniel Diet: "Grains & Produce, & No Meat." I think you will be impressed. 
Public Schools deserve MORE, not LESS attention. Stop treating them as an afterthought.
Thank you for pushing back against the oppression and outright nonsense that leaves no explanation for what or why they are doing it...
Well said ma'am. My son is 7 & goes to public school as well. Our children needs every opportunity.
Yes!!!
Make sure that the $ for education is used to improve! Better pay for teachers not administrators! Scholarship programs for teachers
Thank you Ms Warren
I agree keep promise on vouchers
I support @betsydevosed. 
US should prosecute people like you who falsely claim to be of Native American heritage to get school positions!
Dumbing down America
We need to get rid of the Department of Education and give education back to the states. Not let losers like this senator dictate what we do
School choice is just a euphemism for defunding public education and resegregating schools. Fight @BetsyDeVosED at every turn
Betsy' embarrassment to the Education system! Her wealth bought her position. if donny gets sick hire a candy striper to do his surgery 
As an educator, no cuts but education needs fixing. The achievement gap needs closing. Testing is out of . TFA is a while other issue.
Stop getting rid of effective veteran teachers. could go on and on. America is so behind n education and the dumbing down of USA is 2 blame
#Resistance means supporting #Teachers and #PublicEducation
Very strong American great leaders mom we all stand up with our great nation teachers we all what's the future of the nation
The Dems need a leader than can carry us toward a unified message and future success? Pelosi is NOT the answer. Can you PLEASE help us?
It is a labor of love, I love teaching, but cuts will hurt our students. Please continue to fight for education for all, not the upper class
Teacher salaries are mediocre and we have 32 students per teacher in elementary school now. Yet most teachers I know spend $s on students.
We need our education secretary to learn about public school and support the important job we are doing! I can't afford to spend more
It's alarming to know that this woman DeVos was elected and knows nothing about the education system and Trump....
Continue to fight for education! As a teacher, I support my classroom financially every year due to lack of funding fo supplies.
COMMUNIST.
Move to Venezuaela and run for President there pinko ...
#Loser
hey Elizabeth- i love your passion but OUR COUNTRY IS FALLING DOWN AROUND YOU. YOU MUST STAND UP AND STOP THIS PRESIDENCY
Save us a lot of money by stepping down and go home!!
To those that asked what has she done? Here you go. Yes drain the swamp!
Education has failed in US. 14 year old expertly explain Quantum Physics, teachers show no interest. #kidscientist 
https://twitter.com/MellyMelFel/status/888351854295486464 …
Yes. Because more $ wil fix everything. More $ means richer admins. It doesn't go to teachers. Facts matter Pocahontas.
Cuts should be based on performance. Obviously our current system is far behind several other countries. #changenow
Thank you for your support @SenWarren you are a true inspiration
No cuts. Tax and spend. Screw people. Screw the working man. 21 trillion in debt. Spend more.
What a asswhole she is anything she says it's good it's really NOT
Look into the eyes of cluelessness... this is your future America
now this is what american's united looks like #dumptrump
My God, you remind me of Hitler with all your deranged, wild gestures and loud mouth. Anyway, feel free to spend all my tax money you want.
Go for it! I wish you all the luck in the world!
best way to beat this shit-allow a grant to all impoverished families to own a computer-let them get access to education without racism.
we are no longer reliant on public education for information-we can find it all-with awareness of bullshit-online-every child can learn.
This knucklehead needs to be investigated for fraud
By the way, you'd be a more effective speaker if you took off your shoe and beat it on the podium, like your comrade Kruschev did.
Marxist Feminists MUST be ejected from educational institutions, they're screwing up western civilization by stabbing America in the back.
Totally understand
But not at the federal level, Senator.  Education is best handled at the local level.
You are one of the reasons that I still have faith in our America !!!
It blows my mind how she can try to justify cuts to education....
Bold position when only 8% of their funding is federal.  You can grandstand, do nothing, and still claim victory.
You people gave $500,000,000.00 to Cylendra for "Green Energy" who went bankrupt. How many schools could've been helped? #youpeople
"Continually tax people more and watch the results diminish" - Department of Education motto est.1979.
https://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/10/ap-classes-are-a-scam/263456/ … Just saying... #MAGA
<3
The Government order to removed budget of corrupts presidential libraries, UNICEF, NU OEA USAID ONG program not national interest
As a beneficiary of public education, I agree that it is should be supported for those who come after us.
I'm with her!
Dear @SenWarren,

Thank you!!!

Sincerely,

a teacher
Thank you, Senator Warren. I'm a teacher who works with our students who struggle in reading. Cuts hurt kids!
Keep fighting Elizabeth
And we are proud of you Senator Warren
You tell em! Thank you!!!
#shutupLiz
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump @BetsyDeVos My sons' school cut ART & LIBRARY last yr, MUSIC next. ALL of our children deserve MORE not less!
Thank You Senator, you are a true patriot. The admin. has no clue about public anything. OUR KIDS HAVE MASSIVE NEEDS FOR SERVICES DAILY.
Thank you! As a public school teacher we need to know someone had our back and the best interest of our students. That is not @BetsyDeVos!
Didn't you make $400G's teaching one class at Harvard....???
This pos is a bold face liar .
as usual trunp is at best penny wise and pound foolish.
Tell them
Are you dizzy?  Your spinning
Thank you.

As a retired public school science teacher with 36 years in the classroom working with over 120 students every year..Thank You, Senator!
Have you even set foot into public schools? They suck. I won't send my kids to public school. I'll starve so they can go to private school.
Has she ever heard of a budget?
NO CUTS TO PUBLIC EDUCATIO? Too late Elizabeth! You and the Messiah SLASHED the public Education Budget BACT TO 70's Levels! @foxandfriends
Um just for clarification I was THANKING ELIZABETH WARREN & ELIZABETH ONLY, BETZ! U & ur boy Don know nothing about education!
Liz, get out your personal check book! Sell that $5M estate and donate the proceeds to school lunches along with Michele Obama!
Thank you! Please continue the fight for the children and teachers!
Thank you Senator Warren. Teachers need a champion!
Come to the March 4 Public Ed. on Saturday ... 10am at Washington Monument! Would love to see you there!
Then get your Socialist Administrations TO STOP WASTING MONEY! But your answer to all education problems is THROUGH MONEY AT IT!
Devise should be in jail!
The White House is ready for you to take it over @SenWarren please be our next Leader of the free World!
It's time the teaching industry starts to educate rather than fill the pockets of school admin and suppliers. Save $ there!
No cuts to education. Goodness gracious we need smarter people who can tell the difference between Real and Fake News.
Thank you Senator Warren
