Of all the words that @realDonaldTrump could pick, Trump called his healthcare plan “mean.” Mean for hard-working Americans.
1.Just like we normal human beings have 5 senses. Trump only has 5 words at his disposal;at any given time he can only choose from (mean,bad
Compassionate does not compute. Health Insurance is a privilege, not a requirement. County Hospitals were constructed to help indigent.
Insurance is not a privilege it is a requirement otherwise you are fined on your taxes.
Health Insurance is a privilege regardless if there's a fine; since ACA was anything but 'affordable', under/unemployed opted to pay.
What is your plan to contain costs or should I just assume the taxpayers will pickup the costs until no one will lend us any more money?
Has it occurred to you that Democrats ALSO work and psh taxes?  I, for one, would GLADLY have my taxes go toward decent Mr@edicsl care 4 all
No problem w honestly trying to fix HC. warren where did all the bank fines go?look up usury, and cc rates and all Warren has done for us.
...none of which can be used to describe this bill and the dismantling of healthcare! If drug costs, access and premium are issues fix 'em.
None of which could ever describe Obama Care! We lost our great insurance & doctor because of Obama Care!!!!!
Also an Americans right. There need not b one person on our soil that doesn't have health care
Deadly, over the top, unfair and a high tax cut for the rich and the insurance companies. Underhanded, ugly evil, unamerican, low down.
Caring !!!
@SenWarren Ms.Warren how would you describe Obamacare to those unlike you who actually have to live with it?
We'll see whay you say once you realize how badly you're being screwed, I feel for you
Me or Warren? I've had to purchase insurance in the private market under Obamacare and believe me I know how screwed me and my children are.
Sorry to hear that Tom, but many more will be screwed with the latest bill, including type family
Democrats said that and more! It was ALL a LIE everyone of you told the American ppl! Dem's LIE!
& Republicans don't 
NEVER unless they can get away with it like Ryan, McCain actually lots of them!

Let this bill pass! When insurance rates double & people start hurting, run against the bill in 2018 - out ticket to get The Congress back!
This is a "really don't care plan". Republicans can't even fake words for a comprehensive healthcare plan. Motivated by Special Interest
stop the lies and the hate
Republican draft Strengthens HSA's--- a very good idea.  And its needed, too.
You can keep your Doc Sign it then read it gotta get better than that swamplady
2018 going to be a shocker even for pocohonas
The people out here know. But do we care to do# do something
How did we get here??  Thought we were on right track with ACA.  Not perfect, by any means.  Too many lies told on talk radio.  Selfishness
As the "Greatest Country" in the world  why can't everyone have affordable heathcare?   Nobody is asking for "free" healthcare..Affordable!!
Too many syllables for this President .
I think they are going for "profit center".
I have the best words, the best. No one has bester words than me. Only #Russian words are bester. #Bigly bester.
Right. Like Obama? Because ObamaCare was so effective, efficient, comprehensive, and compassionate, huh? Quiet down. DJT knows what's what.
Trumpcare.  Gotta keep his name associated to the new plan
What do you say to politicians who think  their plan is all that and it isn't? Don't support trump, but take a good look at your plan.
There are a lot of words to describe obama care, but I won't.
Like Obamacare Pocahontas?
A President could, THIS President can't. He is forced to use, Ineffective. Inefficient. Non-Comprehensive. Heartless, Cold and Calculating.
Unless you're speaking of Obamacare.  Then you could say "forced", "failure", "unconstitutional".  You pick.
Well do you call Obamacare that?  Doubt it.  Look no insurers. How do you manage that. Look premiums that equal house payments.  WTF Lizzie!
Collapsing:Obamacare
@SpeakerRyan please country  before party! You KNOW Trump isn't the REAL president! He's destroying America! We need Hillary NOT Putin!!!!!
Like u all did with Obamacare? Hypocritical fool!!!!
This would require a President whose vocabulary included these words!
The President can't use those words because his vocabulary is not that big. It's just not that yuge or bigly.
it would be wonderful if those commenting could remain civil
President Elizabeth Warren 2020!!
Sustainable
I am surprised he didn't say "bad"
Boop beep, more of you meatsacks shoud embraced socialism. STDs, free food, and pensions help keep your numbers low.

See demographic winter
Trump...MEAN.
Madam - the fact is that Pres Trump & Republicans are winning elections and the Democrats seem to be in disarray.
There are a lot of words MA residents could use to describe you. Sniveling. Shrieking. Astoundingly ineffective. Childish. Obtuse.
Nice words...sure didn't describe Obamacare either...  #youknownothing  #realpeoplerealproblems  #next
Yes but it's none of these
Please keep working hard for us, you are appreciated!!!
Better than a fake health care plan. Looks good on paper, but try and use it and see how far you get
Those words are beyond his vocabulary level.
There are a lot of words to describe the failure of the current healthcare program. Lie, insulting, failed, fraud, bilking, insidious, etc.
Washington has no moral compass. WWJD? Mental illness cannot be undone thru candor. Kudos Senator! A beacon of truth!
Don't think those words describe TrumpCare, a.k.a. #DumpCare
But that would be a lie.
But he struggles with world of 5 letters or more....
Even HE can't lie that much...
His mean Trumpcare.   Care is inappropriate.
They know 10s of 1000s people will die. Why not call it what it is? It's mass murder plain and simple.
Even playing field: add all gov't employees to health plan.
How would you know these words! All that comes out of your mouth is hate!
Trump doesn't know any big words like that. He is the most uneducated fool to ever represent the US. Even Nixon was better than this shit
Obamacare will finally go away
Compassion and reality doesn't often go hand and hand. We tried your way, it failed. Deal with it! Now grown ups have to fix your mess!
He definitely doesn't know what any of those words mean.
Pppfffttt, compassion. trump doesn't understand the meaning, nor does he want to
You're the Devil madam
Same word accurately describes Trump himself.
It's not the healthcare plan that's the problem - it's the healthcare insurance providers who are the problem
What would Pocahontas say?
You should have tried that on obama care
Those words aren't part of his lexicon.
Trump chose "mean".
This tweet is mean. It's mean spirited and it's wrong. -fake tears-
Those words have way too many syllables for Trump.
Too many words. Different words. He only knows 5 adjetives..  oh my!
Pocahontas at it again

thoughts and prayers?
Obamacare is none of those.
Elizabeth warren for prez and mark ruffalo for vp!
Feckless thugs! #SaveACA #VoteThemOut2018
Profitable. Easy to rip off.
What words would you use to describe the health care plan that you voted for? Doesn't seem like any of those quite fit. 
Here Lizzy is a word to describe you! HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE LYAR!
Obviously you are not a true New Englander....Mean = Awesome!
Are you saying that "mean" shouldn't be one of them?
Ha! Not this guy
He doesn't know those words, they are two long long!!
I thought the Supreme Court outlawed #cruel & #unusual #punishment. Apparently, not in the eyes of #McConnell & his #healthcare gang.
Let's see I recall Pelosi describing it as sign it and then you'll find out what's in it.  Do you have anything negative to say about that?
True & sad that none of those applies here
This "president" doesn't know any of those words.
But those aren't true. Not that it matters to him.
Humane. Forward Thinking. Well-funded.
So what is your plan?  You only focus on what you don't like.  Have the courage to provide a solution and lead
If you work as hard on your job as you do on trashing others then America will be a better place. You work for everyone not just democrats
The biggest problem is the word describing the Democrat Law (Affordable Care Act). Broke.
Those are kind of big words for Donald. He keeps it simple for his supporters so as to not confuse them with details. #TruthIsInTheDetails
Two and three syllable words are not #derTrumpenFuhrer's strong point
Well said.  Keep fighting.  You are a national treasure Ms Warren.
If it only was.
Those words are larger than 4 letters though.
Thank you Senator Warren! I secretly wish you were representing Pennsylvania...
If we HAD a President.
There are a lot of words to describe a Senator from Mass but I don't think indian is one of them. If a libs lips are moving they are lying.
All I can do is laugh at how out of touch you are. 
Sorry senator, this orange nightmare can only use 3 letter words! Excepting"Billy's"
How about words like, Yemen, Iraq, Syria & Libya? Where is your compassion now? U R FOS Warren !
President isn't going to read it, it dosen't have pictures.
nope,  those are Obama words !
Pocanodess,What health insurance do you receive? To show your concerns for healthcare for All American. You may want to drop yours.
Hi Nasty
There are a lot of words that
Pocahontas could use to
describe her ancestry!
Start with the words on
a DNA chart!
That might help?
Trump does not have the vocabulary!
When YOU are in the ACA system YOU voted for, then you can talk. When YOU voted to exclude yourself, you have no right to talk.
There is nothing compassionate about passing a $30 trillion debt onto our children and saddling them with billions in unfunded liabilities
None of them apply tot he ACA that Obama rammed down our throats Kimosabe.
Characteristics which the Trump administration has not demonstrated to date, so they are clearly not high in their vocab / priority list
#2018 #2020. #Pocahontas #overpaidprofessor #robbed students. #$400koneclassonesemester #studentloansunpayable
pun, (war in USA, waged by trump himself) warren, your last name, way to take on trump, woman's rights, black lives,  all lives matter
But not even obama could say that about Obamacare with a straight face
But in this case, just plain mean.
The problem is that he doesn't know what those last 4 longer words mean, as he's had no opportunity to use them 4 anything he's done in life
How about deplorable
The Devil's Awake !
Dems made obamacare the greatest failure plan ever, and now blame the rep for their failure, u are not compassionate.
You're telling lies to the American people. Do you remember the date and time you sold your soul to the devil?
@SenWarren is far from Wonder Woman. She's a sneaky slimy left wing politician. Pushing her agenda #notforus  #2018 #packyourbags.
I want to see your health plan @SenWarren   Surely it's the best, why? Because you're a politician. People please see what you're supporting
Consider the source ! There are so many words he could use but that's not in his 3rd grade CLASS yet
Mean to force ppl to enroll or pay a penalty equal or more than the premium they had on their plan prior. Yes mean! #wasneveraffordable
Hey how about ODumocare: Rip off!!!!
Since there is no insurance bill why say anything?
".. a lot of words that could describe health plan Effective Efficient Comprehensive.Compassionate."
How about #singlepayer ?
tRump word, DIE.
thanks for always using your voice and standing up! #PushThrew
Not "Mean"! This administration and Republican GOP are on some kind of hate mission to tear apart this country one bad decision at a time.
Cause it was all good and tight knit until he took office? It's been fractured for a while now
none of those words are used to describe you
True. But these are multiple syllable words describing a high quality benefit for the 99% in America. The GOP Plan doesn't fit the criteria!
It wouldn't matter to you. Semantics are your complaint? Just always looking for a fight #elizabethwarren. We'll see you say goodbye soon.
This one... 
DEATHCARE!
Those words do not describe ACA. You should support a HC plan that is affordable for taxpayers, we are not your piggy bank. $20 Trillion!
Grandma ready. #recycleandreuse
He doesn't understand the meaning of those words
Yes these are words a prez COULD use. But the Donald can only say MEAN. Finally I can agree.
You missed, genocide, tax breaks, and "guilt free."
Democratic single payer system at 6 trillion $ not a viable option
Everything listed, we know you are not
Socialism is a proven failure!
You mean like when 44 called his affordable, which it wasnt?
Expensive and Unconstitutional are a couple more.
You haven't even seen healthcare playing yet.
@gop Healthcare for all
"Corrupt" (based only what we know to date)
I do not think #45 knows those words
I'm so sick of the Trumps and the GOP that it's making me sick to my stomach. And so angry that I understand violence. Not cool. 
#RepairACA

Too many syllables for this President, @SenWarren. Got anything...shorter, simpler, made up?
Yea, not like #AHCA...more like #AHCAKills
