and all so that he can enrich himself and his companies
Your soul is black tar cause Hillary lost so now u r spewing lies but it still won't elect ur flawed candidate
Actually, she won the popular vote by nearly 3 million.
I would give anything to see actual reg voters in these "sanctuary" cities that gave her the "popular vote lol give it up
You’re living in a fantasy world because you can’t accept that Trump lost by the biggest popular vote margin in history.
We needed a change and we the people won. U cannot divide us w/ur hate because u lost
Haha, some change! He named a bunch of bankers, lobbyists, and neocons.
Yes he did successful businessmen let's c Nancy pelosi bet worth 25 mil on govt dime Feinstein 15 mil Susan rice 50 mil
.@SenWarren You preyed on foreclosed homes to make quick profit You continue to exploit the poor for personal gain #GreedyWarren #Pocahontas
Do you have a source? Actually, make that do you have a credible source?
Yes. The source was her financials. That is well known to people who look into the ones they elect
Everyone bought homes during the foreclosure period so that makes her different how?  It doesn't.  If
u had any knowledge u would know she fought 4 & won new bank regs so it couldn't happen again & fought 2 get $ back.  Trump just removed
She claimed to be against big banks and Wall Street (like WS doesn't affect blue collar) then backs HRC who WS backed heavily. Fake Indian
If u had been told there was Indian in ur family y doubt it, using that against her is petty & juvenile. Where do u think trump $ came from
That's the oldest nonsense in the book. Someone saying they have Indian in their family heritage. She epitome of white privilege & beyond
Really Liz?  Let's look at ur monies shall we all on taxpayer or worse college kids backs  let's talk ur money making ways
Net worth
Answer the people about ur income
Senator Warren U should really remove the beam from your own eye before trying to drawn attention to anyone else. Trump is doing a great job
But he profits every day from being President, and he will leave office rich. (for real this time) America 1st?
U DO realize President Trump donates his salary? I don't see Liz Warren, Berne Sanders or test of Congress doing w/o their annual salaries
I remember they stalked Jimmy Carter for months to make sure his small peanut farm 5/
I LOVED MY PEANUT FARM
Your peanut farm was legit, just like you. ;)
I. AM. MARRIED.
Yes, I know!  I quote your wife all the time
He needs to be stopped!! His taxes should be subpoenaed
Ethically he should provide his tax returns as has happened over the last 40 years. He isn't required to however.
if Congress asks for anyone's taxes they must compy.  lucky for him congress is maj R
i think privacy would be paramount.  If you want to see Trumps returns it will either have to be with his permission or a supeona
I'm all for a supeona.
You need grounds for a supeona. So far there aren't any. Just suspicions
Russia may pan out... time will tell.
This is not breaking news.  Well educated voters knew this BEFORE the election.  The dummies got him elected.
Which is why #PresidentBabyHands said he loves stupid people.
Oh yes, I caught that during the campaigns and I knew we were in trouble.  Now we have lies, lies and more lies, day in and day out.  LIES!
And lies about the lies @realDonaldTrump #FailingPOTUS
It's incredible.

One day the story is X and the next day the story is Y and if you miss anything in-between, both stories are then denied.
Um...how many businesses has ran successfully, and how many have you?  Oh, and which part of government deals with the bankruptcy rules?
The canyon doubled our national debt and you're blaming Trump? No wonder your name is Fauxcahontus
Really, get your stories straight, out of over 600 companies he has started, and you, a senator's wife, should educate yourself before talk
@simex you would probably sound more intelligent if you didn't say anything. You should check your facts.
I will keep where there is wit stirring, and leave the faction of fools (WS). Also, add BABA, BIDU, TCHEY, JD, WB, MOMO & PGJ & KWEB.
I think you and Sander's  need to get a life and leave Trump alone. Let him do his job. Stop trying to hang him.  Because u didn't win.
@MarkRuffalo @realDonaldTrump He will bankrupt the US and give money from the middle class and working poor to his rich buddies.
Says the senator who's made her millions with the insider trading and lied about her ethnicity to take advantage of others
He figured out a way to make the house lose in the casino business, but not as a player.
Hope I understood you,but he IS a  "player".... like any crooked used car salesman!
Defend ur asinine statement
Ditto:)
@peter196155 @realDonaldTrump give us a break senator,Dems with their penchant to redistribute wealth do that
You mean like Øbama doubling our debt? Spending more than all other presidents combined ?
4 out of 526 seems like a really good batting average!!!! How many companies have you made profitable???
SenWarren either you are grandstanding or like Trump don't understand that a country NEVER defaults in it's own currency, they print more...
It almost like you don't know how the economy works....
No I actually do know how the economy works, politics aside thankfully deficits don't yet matter
How many of his businesses are a success?
How much is he costing American tax payers everytime he goes to Florida to play golf? How much is he making4 staying there? #emoliantClause
Trying to figure out why that isn't been brought up more and who thought he could run a country better than his failed businesses
Because it is B.S. rhetoric used to defend hillarys loss. Guess what she ain't gonna win!! MAGA
When my little grandson took his first breath #NationalDebtClock shows he inherited a deferred $200,000.00 debt, he had no part in creating.
Not how it works
National debt= dollars sucked out of govt. coffers by repubs.
Unrestricted "Privatization" of public funds is Kleptocracy
Trump started 500 companies. Have you started any?
How many companies have you run? Stop with your madness. You lied to gety your $350,000 a year job.
We're already $19+Trillion in debt you buffoon – at UCF John C. Hitt Library
@realDonaldTrump<----Drove 4 Companies to Bankruptcy. Now Plans to Bankrupt OUR Country? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBB2bPwKWVg … @CitizensFedUp #Veterans
I love these tweeters who think they know more than the Sen.  Is that what you learned from zero years in public office?
And you helped steal the @DNC nomination from @SenSanders
Yup! Good old D Trump
OBAMA BEAT HIM TO IT.SO YOU CAN REST EASY ON THAT FALSE ACCUSATION.
But you're right Elizabeth and many of us ADMIRE YOU!
Hope not Elizabeth. Grand jury is under way. Let's hope not.
LOL
Escept for all his rich buddies. Theynget to pick the bones clean.
WE ALREADY ARE BANKRUPT ON YOUR WATCH LIZZIE OR DOESN'T $19 TRILLION DEBT MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU. IT'S YOUR FAULT - GET TO WORK!
Ok Pocahontas. Thanks for the heads up but I'm betting on President Trump all the way! Thank you Mr. President!!
Oh please Pocahontas. Stop.
No wonder this country is in this shape...people like you won't try to get along with each other.
He scares me
Please please please stop this cockroach from any further damage to our country! Thank you!
@JohnnyDeMayo @realDonaldTrump only if he gets richer by it ...
no he plans to rob our country..Grifters, Kleptocrats!
It is up to 7 now! That doesn't count all failed ventures. In August 2026 Trump Tower Toronto w/Russian ptnrs went bankrupt
OK, it was 2016! Then all the failed ventures:
Question is who's gonna stop him from BK America and profit from it? Not Congress. Twiddle thumb.
Chapter 11, Bankruptcy code: Reorganization is designed to restructure businesses without shutting them down completely. Do your homework!
Sorry but you've only got yourselves to blame u voted 4 him. U now have 4 yrs with him, he's your down fall America and I feel sorry for you
Investigate
Impeach
Imprison
Immediately
Time to balance budget. No more corporate welfare or bailouts & no more reckless spending. Pentagon audit good place to begin the process.
Out of how many? Lmao
Which tweet are you referring to?
I'm begging @SenWarren to run for POTUS! This country needs 8 years with @realDonaldTrump  #IsSheTheBestYouGot? #DidntLearnYourLesson #GOP
Obama bankrupted our country now Trump has to fix it. I pray you and your lying liberal friend will be voted out next election.
More bull
He is well on his way. Following the Brownback model in Kansas.
Lizy, remind me who ran up the biggest debt EVER again?  Oh, I remember, it was your boy Obama.
But only a little bit. Just a little bit bankruptcy.
Don't people see that! Omg wake up!
Beth, he already has, morally.
politicians started bankrupting the country over 100 years ago when the fed was created
I thought it was 7 companies...regardless, he'll "Make America Great Again"...by bankrupting companies & forcing people out of work.
And you helped him get elected by winking at Hillary's questionable tactics in the primary. Even Bill Maher was skeptical of you tonight.
You mean like Obama did?
Not on my watch he won't
The only silver lining, is that there will never be anyone worse than Trump.
Ruined a perfectly viable professional football league, all by his itty-bitty self...
Glad to see you here Senator! Keep it up
Please do whatever it takes to stop this mentally unbalanced madman.
Let's look at some of ur PERSONAL failures while we ignore ALL successes(if any) &pretend like ur still making those same personal mistakes
Don't put your mouth in motion until you put your brain in gear. Stop making accusations that have no foundation
EXACTLY!!! While him and his family and his crew make millions
If he doesn't stop going golfing we will run out of money before 2018!
EW, You are an lying hypocrite and you will NEVER be president. Fake news from a fake Native American.
#lizisnuts!
And kill the planet
Are you still a Native American? I forgot how that turned out.
How many companies owned compared to 4 bankrupt. stop the distortion Warren.
#impeachTrumpnow
#savage
Please stop him !!!
Everyone was warned in the campaign so as the saying goes he who does not listen will feel
Obama doubling our national debt already did that Pocahontas
Is America a socialistic or demorcratic environment? Do people have the right to do what they want, good or bad? what is your definition.?
Answer a very basic question Harvard professor: Are you a socialist? Would you sell out your country for the greater good of our planet?
why do you now support deficit reduction when for 8 years you let a Pres. get away with total waste?
How many weren't? Come on give the numbers.
the only thing you have commented on was Ann's right to speak at berkley. Free speach is a right and freedom in America. thankyou.
At least he's good at one thing.
Don't you dare talk about President Trump when you & your party sat & cheered on Mr. Executive ORDER BHO's destruction of AMERICA!
Nothing you say makes Trump less bankrupt (literally and morally).
And the fact he has quite a cult following that believe in his false rhetoric (fox news etc) is astounding....
That is the ONLY thing he is good at. Those of us who are aware of his business dealings and paid attention already knew this.
You losers in congress have done a fine job of that over the years long before Trump.
You stole houses from those in bankruptcy and  flipped them for $millions.
Only strong Democrats like you can stop #45, don't give an inch Sen. Elizabeth Warren , we respect you and hope you run for the presidency
You are yelling fire.he is the president .allow him time to adjust to the office .we have him and that's it .
How soon until someone starts Impeachment proceedings against Trump? Just asking.
Investigation as well as our Liar in Chief.Republicans in Congress were covering up for Trump/Russia Investigation.Making them Complicit.
Who are afraid to stand up to Trump and do the right thing.Block every Bill they try to Pass.Keep in mind,a good portion of them are under
Mid terms are coming Liz.We Must rally as many DEM's as possible and get them running for Senate and Congress and Vote out these Republicans
He needs to resign and so does @VP they are so far up Russia's back side. The cost of their travels alone can  bankrupt US.
Don't forget what he did to the USFL. That's us now. :(
And your success in the private sector is???
We were warned!
Didn't he actually utilize the laws that you voted on? #hypocrite
14.5 Million. You can buy a pretty nice Tepee with that .
Pocahontas!!!!
Speaking of "bankrupting" our country, Liz, who ran up more debt in his term(s) than all the other presidents combined throughout history?
You should have backed Bernie Sanders!
But it's so hard to get people to spend money at Casinos!!
Elizabeth didn't you run 4 nationality into the ground by pretending to be them? Now you want to pretend your honest..smdh
Agreed- he's doing some really bad stuff
Senator Warren, How many companies have you run?  How much did The United States make on the Urainium deal that Hillary Clinton made?
And I bet he will!
Someone explain to him how this means something.
Y don't you stop bashing #obama
He isn't lobbying for Wall Street and he actually fought Wall Street
That you in the Senate weakened
And if anyone thought that he'd do anything else, they are morons.
I disagree. Trump has never planned anything in his life.
Out of over 500
That's just a foolish statement. I think you need to retire, you sound unstable?
I cant <3 this, but I can RT it.

And how many companies r successful?  Why so u only tell half the story?  If you donr like Trump, leave the country and take @Rosie with u!
Have to remove him from office before he destroys our beloved America.
and than you attack BO, who saved our country. Sorry EW, I am losing respect for you.
You and your colleagues have done a pretty good job at it also! Both parties!
He actually filed for bankruptcy six times. Surely not more than once for the same company?!
He's worth 3.5 billion, has dozens of other successful companies, ect... failure is a part of business, Pocahontas.
And how many succeeded.....hmmm how many now. Something like 500 different ones. Hmmm that's 98.8% average. How many companies have you run?
You would have thought the Americans who voted for Trump would have realized that. #stupid #EpicFail
Vrai
Yes, and Obama getting $$ for speeches is not the concern. The Obama family seems committed to doing good with their intellect & dollars.
So what do you suggest we do
Yes-trump is the Threat! Much more dangerous than FORMER Pres Obama making a living. Btw, have YOU NEVER accepted corporate money? Ever?
with help from these #GOLDMANSACHS #THUGS

I agree with you Senator Warren
#FakeIndian #ElizabethWarren on the warpath and looking for scalps but failing. #MApoli #Demcorats #TrumpTrain #liberals #MAGA
Long time ago I think we should have kept the tea and thrown the politicians into the harbor if people like this is all we have to show.
DT's doing it sooner than later.America's wealth will be in Trumps pockets or to pay his foreign debts.more f'nEO's? @Eamon0303 @BarbB0925
Well get that investigation chugging on more rapidly then. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA.  Their agenda still moving right along elsewhere.
Can someone slide voluntary commitment papers under his nose? He will sign anything when cameras are rolling.!
You have any family among the Cherokee in North Carolina?
that Georgia case...
He dosen't " Plan " anything, things just fall to bits around him as he is too stupid to avoid Banckruptcy. Without Russia he'd be in gutter
#DonTheCon has already morally bankrupted the White House to start with.
Only doing what he does best, Bankruptcy
Ending the Estate Tax is a conflict of interest for @realDonaldTrump . He is a walking oath violating, Constitutional crisis shielded by GOP
@SFL4Hillary @realDonaldTrump 
Why NO demand 4 #IndependentInvestigation #BurrMustRecuse #JKushnerInvestigation
8 years too late for that. #hypocrisy
Exactly what percentage did he succeed with?  Or do you ignore that for political reasons?  And what experience do YOU have running anything
So, what are you going to do about it, besides just talk and tweet?
As though the alligators in the Trump swamp are attempting a return to feudalism. Cruelty, greed, power, disrespect for all others.
Our country was bankrupt before trump. You were part of the problem but just continue to complain. Typical politician!!!
Too late - you and Obama already got us there and with minimal economic growth #fail #termlimits
How many companies you run? How long you been in Senate? What's the debt at? How much have you cut? Other then not paying equally.
How many have jobs because of him? How many can feed and care for their family? Show me that number of you aren't scared.
actually it was 6 not 4
You plan on bankrupting the citizens of Massachusetts! #liar Go vote yourself some more raises!
So,  why aren't y'all doing anything about it????
There sre so many corruption issues surrounding trump, that at least one should bring him down.
Milo had to advocate pedophilia b4 the right would turn on him.Simple corruption not gonna be enough
Hope you're wrong. Investigations continue.
really hope I'm wrong 2. WH&GOP both obstructing the investigations & its not even a big story somehow
Let's hope he isn't impeached before that happens
