we need his and his cabinet picks tax returns
you need to settle down. Don't make demands! Simmer down!
yeah, right, sure...Didn't know I was being so crazy wanting to know what the soon to be Twit and Chief is hidin
Give  the guy a freaking break. Making things happen with jobs, the rise in the stock market, getting the GDP up etc.
He has charged the gov for use of his planes and property etc, therefore we pay him...
Wow Jenn, where did that come from? Is it more than Obama's $35M price tag for his vacations to Hawaii? Lot of bananas
also president supposed to receive salary so they are not tempted to use presidency for their own gain.
Think out of the box! You have no choice! Trump is our next Pres. See what he does for America in the 1st 100 days!
or lost...but, you know, spelling isn't, like, important or anything.
always here to help!
calm down liberals, you lost, get over it
WE ALL LOST. You're just too ignorant to see it yet
It"s YOU"RE. Does your mom know you took the computer down to your room in her basement?
After 8 years, this is the BEST you have? America agrees - that is why you dems are on the way out.
Just "shut up"!!!!! Ugh
why are all of these people including DT not having to fully financially disclose? I have to do it just to apply for a refi?
I totally agree Senator
And we still deserve to see his tax returns!
We need strong leadership from you and your Democratic colleagues now more than ever. Pls keep fighting for truth and justice.
you're lip service and no backbone. All Dems ! Did everything to undermine Bernie. You get what you deserve. Reform the party !
- By goodness she gets it
for the millionth time #liz2020
we will never know. He is a threat to our democracy. Wake up Dems
start the impeachment process the day he becomes president
- Doesnt work that way dear but please continue
Amazing how cry baby DEMs are sore losers. Just the reaction they accused GOP of potentially displaying pre-election.  DEMs need new leaders
using whose opinion? Yours? No thanks democrats has proved they are dishonest & don't care about America only their own careers.
Exactly.
why don't you do what is best for the country instead of your selfish wants
what would be best for this country is to stop the obstruction and find a way to work with the new administration.
The best way would have been if Trump never began this obstruction (of justice) in the first place.
#TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
You have such nerve saying this. He ran against the status quo establishment, which you are one of.

how about looking into real evasion error. There is nothing to rally behind. At this point. Using us to make more laws against us
- Time to take a seat buddy and let Trump take over
@SaccoccioJackie Thank you for your tenacity and perseverance! I'm so glad I voted for you!!
well put and sadly true
@realDonaldTrump Warren, u r a traitor! U r a jealous, bitter, old piece of D.C. furniture! RETIRE & live on Medicare!
The best thing for the country is for you to retire.
Why are you and Dem Leaders not standing up about #russianhacking, emoluments, nepotism, and all the glaring ethics violations?
I echo Sarah's thoughts -what about treason? Cyberwar,aid +comfort to the enemy=treason.
yes !!! We all want to know!
It would be a good day for Trump to release his taxes.
- Its a good day for Trump to defund Planned Parenthood
Senator he is clear violation of Nepotism and the Emoluments clause. Also a huge lingering treason question.please do something
- Those big words doesnt mean ypu know what you're talking about.
Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump has lived his life by only thinking of himself! Why would he stop now???!!!
#stopthenightmare
unfortunately @realDonaldTrump will be doing whatever best furthers his business interests
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/policies/immigration …
.
yea, drug test if u receive any assistance from t gov
we only needed #OneSenator & we got nothing. self interest all around "we'll just wait 2 years" no, time is now!
which I don't think there will be. Nostradamus predicted this
Please. Do not allow any of these confirmations until ALL background and financial vetting is complete. Kick ass, Senator, pls.
It was disappointing, for sure-need to stop being polite, this is a completely different political landscape 
A series of horrible disappointments-feel like our country is circling the drain
@Teri_RealtorNYC we can only hope for the best and wait for better changes.
are you not the person who told the voters to get elected that you are Native American you are not trust worthy
Hey. Pocahontas hush up!!!
DJT has yet to release his taxes and he's taking only a dollar a year, someone else is paying him or he planning on the backend.
blah blah blah
to which President are you talking http://about.1pres.at  a time remember
Please run for #president 2020!!
U forgot to mention what is good for Russia, since he prefers Putin over America and the Intel community
why weren't you supervising Obama for the last 8 yrs like you are supervising Trump
- FR the one who lied about being Native American 2 advance & enrich herself! PPL go to jail for falsifying minority statuses
ya that's why Hillary lost,deal with it.
Absolutely!
Isn't there a damned Amendment who protects USA when the President elect is not fit for office???
@JeffreyLuscombe sadly the U. S. Is about to become another Mexico with the amount of corruption and nepotism
when is @realDonaldTrump going to release his taxes?
Is anyone going to keep watch to make sure he does "the right thing"?  He can't do it on his own.
he's not, his cabinet is not, this is a four year scam to line the pockets of the billionaire class. I know, I know...but Hillary
don't hold your breath waiting. He will never do what is best for the country.
We know, and unfortunately for us it's nothing good!
do you really believe that?
@realDonaldTrump unfortunately many of us already know he's only in this for himself. Leopards do not change their spots.
says the rich white lady who pretended to be a minority to get cheaper college
the US is his new business, if it fails all his stuff looses money
keep up the great work and thank you. From a father, combat veteran, retiree
please run in 2020.
Republicans care nothing for America, they care only about fellow racist white nationalists and plan on attacking everyone else
Or Russia and Putin
True!
why is his son in law part of his cabinet? It's all about power/money and the Trumps
@realDonaldTrump unfortunately he is not capable of compassion or empathy We r screwed! But he will Fall !
just go away.
#RunLizRun2020
thanks for always standing up for the people and standing up to Donald. I hope to see you run for president at some point!
Trump is a slug and a sloth.
Trump is a selfish slug.
Thank you for fighting for what is right.
since Obama is still in office , why aren't you on his case?   Such a dumb post.
@thisisTW exactly!  Do not approve Sessions, Bannon, or Tillerson.   They are a menace to society.
and what proof do you have ?
go get him, Senator!  Fight back!  It's why we  sent you there!
And what the hell exactly does that mean? Of course he will. But you're stupid if you think he can just sell his real estate.
How about some tweets on exactly what you are doing to improve this country besides complaining about @realDonaldTrump ?
@Boston1775 he is doing only what is best for himself
Yes but that is not Trump.  He is out for himself and no one else.
We need to see his tax returns! I think Trump is dirty and colluding with the Russians.
the president is obama still moron
if he lowers taxes and cuts regulations then he is doing what's best for the country.
why did no Senator sign on to the Electoral objections? Might have gotten no where, but dang.. try.
he is a sociopath. My god. Woman's March Jan 21
It Wont happen.
the ethic laws in order to put in blind trusts! Unbelievable the Billionaires don't do and think above the law as they wish! No!!
you are wonder woman! I am reading your book and thank you for standing up for us! Thank you Senator Warren! Your a blessing!
Senator Madam, that is correct and he will break the ethic laws in matter of times also look at confirmation mtgs and no one
We need to see @realDonaldTrump tax returns
@busagent12 how about letting him get into office first and see.
ok, how you doing Joe ?
pretty good harry how are you? Locals going strong I see
lol I'm new at this.. didn't realize I tagged you in that tweet.. sorry
no problem, have fun with it, and stop by sometime
ok I will. You guys taking in apprentices now?
Read @20committee @Khanoisseur Analysis! We have a Russian mobster working for PUTIN in the WH
please get to know the new president first before making assumptions about his intentions. @realDonaldTrump
please hold his feet to the fire
Sen Warren, Pres Elect Trump is alrdy doing what is best for America! Way ahead of his go live date. More than Obama ever did!
@realDonaldTrump must disclose. Supporting Russian interests is frightening. Double agent or business man selling out US for $
trumps all about trump always has always will be
& not just Americans 
The worldneeds to know
please ask President Obama to declare Marshall Law. And stop trump he has done more than enough to be stopped NOW.
I agree 100% -- Bravo for still speaking out with dignity, professionalisam and courage. Keep on Keepin' on!!!
well put and thank you#
U can't subpoena his taxes?!
Please keep fighting the fight for USA!
PLEASE hold Trump to US standards. He & family must DIVEST. PLEASE no hearings wo vetting/clearance. US first.
As an American of 48 yrs I've never been more scared to face the next 4.
Agreed. That's why we didn't vote for sHillary.
you did not respond to the call to arms with a voice
PLEASE hold Trump's feet to the fire. PLEASE press him & family to DIVEST. This is beyond anything we have seen in the US! HELP!
keep both DJT & GOP honest. We deserve to know all that goes on in OUR government. This is not a shady business venture!
Shame is you didn't ask that question for eight freaking years!
obama is doing what's best for the country?
a Erica s are counting on you to keep us free to keep Medicare medicFe and soci security not tax cuts for the wealthy
u & @SenSanders @SenatorDurbin @SenSchumer must be brave and strong.  Do not allow him to ruin our great country!!!!!
don't let confirmations go ahead without proper paperwork.american freedom at stake
keep Americans first. Reform ACA don't repeal ordinary Americans not millionaires
You tell 'em!  Keep up the good fight!
Deserve and get is going to be an up hill battle all the way. I'm with you. Keep up the good work Sen Warren.
unfortunately that would defeat his whole purpose of running. He'll never do it. Trump loves Trump #presidentCHUMP
we are standing in the cold and dark.  Save us from @realDonaldTrump
oh shut up
Too bad @realDonaldTrump doesnt care one bit about whats best for the country. Hes a liar and a crook. SAD!
where's his taxes
Or #Putin Or #Russia Or Who Knows What Other Entities Countries T Is Selling U.S. Out For His Personal Gain!
he works for us, the American people, he needs to remember that
Trump obviously still does not understand what the job of the president entails.
pleas be tough this wk. Where are financial docs prior to hearings? https://thinkprogress.org/mitch-mcconnell-confirmation-ethics-hypocrisy-2c75b671d694#.jcfm3yayo …
we have been demanding this for 8 years, we never got any truth from the Dems, we got the house, the senate and a man that cares
Russian FSB to Give @realDonaldTrump a Lifetime Achievement Award
#itsnotok #MAGIT #resistence
I love how you speak the truth slow down this nomination process please
#MondayMotivation #Veterans #Education 99% Message to NRA TeaParty Drumpf/Pence/Ryan BS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q-ZyW9bz5c …
I want to be sure my tax $ does not fund for-profit schools, religion in classrooms,& Mr Trump's businesses.  Pls help!
@djmincey11 Americans deserve someone other than Donald Trump!!!!!!!
- see, we can tell by actions. E.g., Obama said/says he is doing good but his actions show he hates America. Sorta like you do.
Reply to @SenWarren "not what’s best for himself & his businesses."..that's what he thinks is best for this country.
Seriously? DT swept both parties PRECISELY because of this. Now you put it on him. #hypocrite
@Idlerwheel and a big part of that is not ASSUMING he isn't. Not a Trump fan but play the ball, not the man
he needs to divest his businesses into a blind trust. Until he does that, he is guilty until proven innocent.
reality is even that wouldn't satisfy you and you'd still have the same president. Tell me the last 'poor' POTUS ?
Jimmy Carter and he sold his peanut farm.
hahaha a shinning example :)
Bottom line is he will keep baiting whilst people keep biting
Since @realDonaldTrump won't release his tax returns America will never know and his anti-American supporters are ok with this.
Good luck with that after Jan 20th
if you believe those words you would not have supported Clinton
Cannot wait to hear someone call you Madame President
, he confuses@the two, but what else does a mentally ill person do? Everything has to fit their philosophy.
How many foreclosed homes have you flipped to date, hypocrite?
@milleronia @robreiner Yes! Plus, btw, is the audit over yet? Where are those taxes? #taxes #audit #transparency #fulldisclosure
-I a cutscenes if the US want to see his tax returns and all business connections
and family, incl Jared
He is their only for himself, his Children, and his Business Interests! ! Everyone knows that!!
Amen!!
Amen.
Don't wait for it. It is all about him. When will congress demand total blind trust an no family involved
Agreed, but his followers don't seem to care, and the RNC are sheep who say nothing. Who will fight for America?
Thank you so much for what you do.   Sandy De La Cruz
So, what is anybody doing about it?  What CAN be done??
what the F are you talking about? He doesn't even have the job yet and you've created fake issues.
What is his real association with Putin, he says make America first again, behind Putin and Russia. That he has made clear.
Here's a thought. For the sake of #nationalsecurity should we petition Twitter to take down DT's acct? Seriously can't b trusted
Wow  u r a genius.  U mean like Obama holding the interest rates low. Allowing his family made a killing on stock market
Americans are watching and we will vote in 2018
what can be done? Feeling concern for our country. Just saw video from Florida of police arresting people feed the homeless!!! 
https://medium.com/siip-campaings/trump-campaign-allegedly-violated-constitutional-law-to-alter-election-results-deb57ac7a2e0#.g75r9iux9 …
please, no confirmation until satisfied. They are trying to overwhelm the process. Is it possible to postpone inauguration ?
However, Americans likely will not know this in the next 4 years.

is he going to show his taxes?
Sen. Warren, you should of ran. This thinned skinned cry baby doesn't have a clue! Just an abomination to the office! #GodHelpUs
2) with key members of the Trump Campaign to deprive millions of minorities of the right to vote. Look into the Crosscheck system
you should have done what's right eight months ago and back Bernie Sanders now you should help him grow the Progressive Party
1) Evidence supports the argument that the election was illegally manipulated. More than 20 GOP Secretaries of State collaborated
old habits die hard!
Lock him up!
It is a given that DT will only do what is best for himself. He is a narcissist & pathological liar. He will deceive his minions
What are you going to do about it besides talk?
Thank God you are there to hold his feet to the fire.
totally agree with you.
Tweeting this won't make it happen. Holding him accountable will.
Someone somewhere is consuming America with one fell swoop! I don't recognize our government anymore. #helpus #nevermypresident
It is pure mythology to think Obama did, or does, what is best for the country.  If by country you mean everyday people
Those who voted for him are getting what they voted for. Is any of this surprising? But hang in there.
I'm an American Trump voter/supporter. YOU PEOPLE don't speak for me.
@robportman @SenSherrodBrown @PatTiberi Totally agree with Sen. Warren.  President-elect Trump must divulge financial holdings.
@CaptainsLog2017 #BLOTUS operates in the outrageous zone. When you stay "civilized" he's contained you. Shock us all! #resist
