Yes ma'am, people will die. As a nurse, I am sickened by this administration's proposal......
Because you want socialized medicine? Single payer?
Because, I believe that all human beings deserve healthcare .
By that Philosophy, people who willingly eat unhealthy, don't exercise, don't keep up personal hygiene, drink heavily, smoke 2 packs a day, uses drugs, many unprotected sex episodes.
Deserve the same healthcare as everyone else?
No need for responsibility when others pay for it.
I would rather pay for healthcare for uninsured folks than pay for a tax cut for the 1%.
And yet, the question still stands.
But you'll ignore it.
basically, you don't care if people don't have any responsibility to attempt to maintain a sliver of health, as long as others pay for their unhealthy lifestyle if they fall ill from it. you're good with that.
Yes, all humans deserve healthcare. As a taxpayer and in the work place for 50 years I have always subsidized healthcare. My ins rates(and yours) cover the costs hospitals face from the uninsured. Those costs are less when people can access care earlier. Jackass
Jackass? such kind words. I'm not heartless, I believe "help the helpless, ignore the worthless" 

I have lived in 7 overseas countries and 6 states, I've seen your ideas at work, it's low quality, red tape, long waits, and rationing. It doesn't work the way you think it does.
I am SPENDING MORE SINCE OBAMCA CARE STARTED !!! from 5.00 co pay to 25.00 MS.Warren !!!!
Blame ur insurance company not obamacare
It was the Obama mandates that made it go up.
That is incorrect. I wont argue with people like u stop deflecting the real issue is people will die under trumpcare are u ok with this??!?
People die every day.  It's part of life.  I can't save everyone.  Prefer to save Republicans only.  Lol.
I've never seen evil in a white wedding dress...hmmm
Now I'm evil?? You are all bigots!
I honestly feel sorry for u. Even if u don't like dems, this is another level w/ death n hate. Indicative of your own anger n misery.
After all the Trump name has always been synonymous with bankruptcy. Trump is destined to leave a stained legacy.
Guess he should be blocked people!
It's because u Repubs are so rude and hateful. Too bad we are all Americans ! Last I knew it wasn't a one party system!
-Elizabeth, u know Obamacare is failing!Why don't you quit opposing the replacement, rollup ur sleeves and help define it. Right thing to do
A GOP "healthcare" plan that would throw 34 million people off of insurance. DISASTROUS. And this after they sabotaged Obamacare!
Pocahontas don't  lie. Obamacare is dead and you know it.
Stop being radical. I am a DPT.  Worked 30yrs and have seen more devastation from Obamacare. The people have spoken...Our POTUS will MAGA!!!
There plan is to kill the poor by lack of food education and health care this way less people can vote against them. Call it what it is....
I'm sure you have no idea how ridiculously stupid that was...
when are you out of office and back to the reservation
.Every American citizen is a multi millionaire if we collect: 1913 illegal IRS+fed; 1933 gold bonds&int; trusts surplus invested in stk mkt.
We need to expand Medicare for all.  USA healthcare is a farce.  Pharmaceutical companies run the show, want to make $ not to help people!
People will die thanks to Trumpcare or rather TrumpDon'tCare!!!
OMG could we lay off the drama please!  You people are so incredibly exaggerated in your predictions.  GROW UP woman!
Quit fearmongering. People won't be dying in the middle of the streets
They won't make it outside.
 whatever
Trumpcare=pay up or die!
People die everyday - people are born everyday. What kind of a drama queen are you?
Got news 4 U Senator  ACA is bankrupting those who work for a living instead of take for a living. Forced to pay more than his house pmt
Has to pay 100% out of pocket 2 see a doctor because deductible never met. Just another tax transferring what he works 4 to those who don't
If you think Obamacare is so great why don't you and the dems get on it 
I'm on it! I love it! Too bad u don't
I love it too! My premiums went from $1365 to $208! It's a God send. But my Governor is a Dem and set up exchanges unlike Rep Governors. SMH
Nailed it! All Repubs want it to fail period! But corporate welfare they love!
Sweetheart, it's rapidly failing on its own.  Many states have ZERO carriers in the pool. What about them?
Ha! Trump pretty much told them he wants to do away with everything! They are running scared!
You must be a dumb Indian Warren your Obamacare nightmare has bankrupt American already paying for those that don't work..now stuck nothing!
They also refuse 2understand that many hospitals will close,since they can't hold the bag, many people will go 2emerg,&would' pay bills.
And with the closing of these facilities will come a loss of local jobs which will impact local economies & families
No body is going to close hospitals. Stop!
You not a child, figure this out, GOP plan will put 23ml w/t insurance, what do you think they going 2do?
Nelly ever work in an inner city school? Children have children just for the benifits of poverty. I never believed it until I lived it. Sad.
Obama care has nothing 2do with this, Obamah care 4people who are working &couldn't get insurance 4pre-exist conditions, or self employed
Thank Christ I live in Australia and don't have you as my representative!
Hey how do u like ur healthcare? Trump says it's great!
It's good for now @karrsarah until @thepmo tries to privatise again like he has before. Privatisation doesn't work, been proven over n over!
It does not work here either! The only ones that make out are the insurance co. And the share holders!
Exactly! That actually makes me sick! Lucky I have #medicare 
I'm not quit there yet so I have Obamacare thank God!
Hahaha
What numbers don't lie. What is your source. You're the one to typically lies. You want to feed the public more BS.
Quality universality or low cost you can only have 2 I'll take quality and low cost #freemarkets
more money for planes etc & not people what the heck is this enough is enough
stop Electoral Votes if only 3 States count why should any body else vote enough is enough that & his big nasty mouth makes people very mad
Fight Fire with Fire my daughter mentally challenged will nt survive without the Medicaid Medicare Food Stamps in a decent place by herself
fix the problems do not cut Medicaid Medicare Food Stamps as this protects the person that has problems and is covered with help from others
Hey Lizzie, CBO sure the hell LIED about Obama care, it's dead!
Dems don't lie either.
Are the republican leadership Americans they act like Brainwashed henchmen in lockstep with their master
You idiots could probably make our country great except we have been watching congressmen and women. Like you and you colleagues ruin th USA
Do you know if all of Congress spent half the time trying to make this country great that you idiots spend on slamming the POTUS
You should give advice in a graduation speech.  But no you couldn't do that Lying American Indian you had an agenda.
Also Lying American Indian Warren you should be ashamed of your commencement speech
You are only there to become millionaires.  Everlasting one of you.
You were put in office to make the country better and the whole bunch of you demtards and repubictards are nothing but crooks.
Hell all you congressmen and women should not be telling the American people what they have to buy or do.  You all suck.
Do you ever care about the lies you tell?  Admit Obama care was the worst healthcare option ever.  Charging people for not having insurance.
I am so sorry. As a GP in the NHS I am horrified by what is happening here, but appalled by what is happening in the U.S.
Stfu warren bitch
"People will die" please Senator Warren...try being helpful vs. Being an alarmist #StopTheRhetoric
So.. you are saying it is very similar to obummeer care. When the gov runs business... never as good as competitive capitalism.
Lier
So Sen. Warren you are admitting ObamaCare hurt families and even killed people.
You lie Pocahontas! !
Not only will it bankrupt citizens, it will bankrupt the hospitals when patients use ER and can't pay the bills.  Govt will need to bailout.
Add that to tax cuts. Wall costs. Higher trade costs, environmental cleanups, environmental lawsuits, no EPA so less $ in form of penalties.
USA is on a path to bankruptcy with this administration.
Not to mention farm bailouts because they can't find workers due to immigration policies, and the rise in costs across the board.
Not a rise alone, but a *sudden* rise; and for activities that can not be delayed. Eg. You can't put off harvest.
Right. And wanting to cut ag research funding hurts pretty darn bad as well
I do like the simple things in life, you know, like...eating 
We may want to re watch soylent green to prep us for the inevitable
You lie!
Elizabeth Warren is such a drama queen!
Do you think @RealDonaldTrump cares? He's got his own agenda and has made no attempt to hide it. He's just trying to line his own pockets. 
Still?!! So you admit your Pal Obama's Socialist Medicine was causing a crisis~ wOW!
Stop with the Fear Mongoling! Sheesh!
And the @GOP could give a rats ass. #swampscum #Shitweasels #DemandTheSamePlan
They lied abt no caps. It's a way around covering pre existing conditions
The Senate must say NO!
I really hope you lose your seat next year.  Hopefully, ppl will research ur progressive opponent Joshua Ford & vote 4 him. @JFord4USSenate
why do they not care about hurting people and children ? how can they think that is ok to do?
why do they not understand that families like mine will DIE without this help??? i have two autistic sons, my husband has epilepsy, etc why?
Under Obama Care if under the same problem with cancer
@RepTomRice (the guy who represents my district, SC-7) knows this and could not care less. We need help, not craven singlemindness.
Obama started the SCAM of OBAMACARE. Don't try to push it off on anyone else.
Tell the truth, were people dying b4 O'care?  No they went to the hospital. Why don't you lead the effort for a bipartisan plan to save it?
@MelindaThinker PLAIN AND SIMPLE FACT GOP DON'T GIVE A RATS ASS ABOUT COMMON AMERICANS OR PEOPLE ANYWHERE???
When gov't says it'll provide $1.1 trillion less in federal funding, that means patients will have to pay $1.1 trillion *more*.

1/x
If patients can't pay the $1.1 trillion that means they get less care.

2/x
When cuts hit the less fortunate (Medicaid) or elderly (age-based premiums) the cuts hit those most in need of assistance.

3/x
When those most in need of assistance can't get the assistance, more of them die.

4/x
IOW, the government is telling the most needy "Pay or die".

If organized crime tried that, it'd be called extortion but IOIYAR.

5/5
Too bad you didn't get single payer when Obama had majority #BenedictWarren but it's easy to support now?!  You know it will never pass!
And R's will continue to vote for morally bankrupt GOP politicians. They've be convinced hating liberals is more important than life.
The Republicans in Congress are moral eunuchs who think conservatism means killing people who are not the top 1% economically.  #VoteBlue
And they don't care. That boggles my soul.
Don't forget: they were the ones saying AHA would bring about "death camps"
Hey Fauxcahontas, ur either lying for the scare factor or you have no clue what your talking about. I'll go with lying since your good at it
ACA is unaffordable to me so if I got sick right NOW I would die. I make too much for a subsidy & 8K deductible is ridiculous.
Either which way I can't afford my insurance anymore after you guys ruined healthcare.Might as well give Trumps plan a try before u knock it
You're a f'n idiot. Obama care doesn't work. I'm sick of all your liberal bullshit.
BULLSHIT
shut up! Hospitals don't turn away sick people. Outrages drug prices and insurance is the cause. But Big pharm owns DC.
LOL! Please run for President. It will be epic to watch @realDonaldTrump expose your shallow narrative.
Awfullllll!!!!!!!
People will die?  I knew some people with Obama Care and they died.  Care to comment?
So many troubling responses. If it weren't for Obama care I would've had to choose between losing my home and farm or my life. That's real.
Obamacare is just another welfare program!!
Shut up. Fear monger. #fake#liar#woowoowoo
Hey Liz, what is your plan to fix health care?
It's really trump_abstains of care. TAOC
You did say something that is true but it's just natural. All of us will die someday.
Liar!
Same as Obamacare then.
ridiculous
Everyone will die
almost 3:00 have to turn off FOX few minutes early to get to the tv in time b4 SHEPARD has already blurted out several neg TRUMP remarks
Sweat lodge next?
How many people die because of unsafe nurse/patient ratios? One in one thousand? . #NursestakDC #nursesUnited
Oh plz stop w the ppl will die I am a victim of OBAMACARE lost my ins list my doctors and had a 6800 ded high premium before dropped
Did they ever consider getting a job? Something you would know nothing about !
Well, thath is becasue you cannot count.
Warren is a phony liar! What part of Obamacare is collapsing! America can not offered health care now!
Shove it up UR wazoo-Is clear U have exaggerated to the negative  extreme when it comes to Pres. Trump. People know U ARE A LIAR & A THIEF
yes & it will be the beginning of the end, AMERICA CAN NOT EXIST WITHOUT A MIDDLE CLASS, TRUMP IS DISPOSING EVERYTHING MIDDLE CLASS NEEDS
Warren is a proven liar. Don't be a liar too ms nurse. No one is denied medical care wether they can pay or not! My coverage tripled in cost
That's the plan, that's exactly what they want to do
.@SenWarren
Erase the dying. Then the powerful white male can reconstruct the US as they believe it should be. Viagra is protected, not women's rights?
That's what they want. Weed out the poor, the destitute, the sick, lame and lazy. The wealthy want only their kind to succeed. #ThirdReich
Just like 2007. Dead bodies piled up in the streets.
People are dying now for lack of coverage.  Why do you sensationalize and exaggerate so much?
Never seen you speak up on failing obamacare. Why you tell half truth? You think american people are dumb did u not learn from the election
Yes everybody gonna die and the Republicans are going to push granny off a cliff after she has to live on dog food ! We've heard it all b4 !
Obamacare has destroyed our healthcare, wiped out families, bankrupt companies. Every day an Ins. Company drops out. TY for 20 TRILLION debt
It's embarrassing when I go oversees and people ask about our health care.  At least we finally got some, and now they want to take it.
Then why did you sit back and do nothing when obamacare failed? What are you really doing for the american ppl?
Freaking LOON !
But not you. You're getting healthcare
Why was you not concerned when it came to failing obamacare?
Address the cost of health care and health insurance.
Numbers don't lie? Neither did Obama when he called Obamacare affordable or told America they could keep their doctor. Are u on Obamacare?
And shut down rural hospitals.  @SenWarren @ToSayBoldly
If any people die it is because of your idiotic political actions
need some new talking points ....  yawn...  getting old
Of course Liz, you & your family is on O'bamaCare, right?? No, well that's one of the 1st things I'd change. Congress does what we have 2do
I know what lies, misleading statements, higher healthcare cost gave us. #Obamacare!
And your still not Cherokee!
#SethRich
We can protest but you are our voices
Your a LIAR, you LIE to your people and sadly they believe your LIES, bigly         God, ,  POTUS
And what did Obamacare do?
I wish you would stop running around yelling how bad everything is and do what you was elected to do and help fix it.
But you can fix the problems in Massachusetts so why would I think you can do anything
That's why it's your job to fix it. Make the necessary changes. All you do is rant
And it makes me angry that with all his money he has always lacked values & morals. He's making America, horrible. We r laughing stocks


http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/24/comey-influenced-by-bogus-russian-document-report-says.html …

http://www.salon.com/2017/05/25/comeys-handling-of-clinton-probe-was-influenced-by-a-strange-russian-document/ …

http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/05/25/james-comey-heroic-or-facing-indictment.html …
.@SenWarren democrats don't read statistics because statistics are racist. Don't you know, Pocahontas?
I think they just want to take Obama off the health care and call it trumpcare
Trumpcare to be be a messing health for us an American people
Approx 20m uninsured covered by Obamacare-approx 15m result of Medicaid expansion-not main Obamacarelaw.Approx 27m left uninsured Obamacare
O/care for increased costs to govt & people who had ins pre-O/care approx 5m of uninsured got insurance-Medicaid exp could be w/out O/care
Scare tactics, BCBS out of 2 more states. Obamacare is self imploding
What about Seth Rich? he died in hospital following day under mysterious circumstances-do you know anything about that? any comment?
Stop with the lies, Liz.  I know it's hard but just try.
I AM A REAL  NAITIAVE AMERICAN, i will never vote democrat again  funny how Democrat has a rat in it  Republican has a can in it
If you have a better plan put it out. If not get out of the way, we need you guys to work together not tear thing apart. Be part of the fix
I WAS A DEMOCRAT FOR 36 YEARS  YOU HAVE LOST MOST OF US  JUST KEEP IT UP. AHC BROKE AND YOU WILL LET THEM FIX IT
Yeah, but the wealthy will survive & even flourish. Let's not lose sight of the objective!
Wow.    You know this is isn't true   Senator
Too bad you endorsed Hillary. We could have had single payer.
It will be like it was before emergency rooms will be packed with sick injured people waiting for hours to be seen
People die daily that's a STUPID old and tired line get a new one
Another scare tactic from the left... Pocahontas enuff of the BS...
#Republicans don't care as long as they make $$$ for the wealthy.
The numbers don't lie YOU DO!!! People are dying now because Obamacare is collapsing. High deductibles keep people from getting healthcare.
Do you think fewer people will die with ACHA?
Absolutely. People are dying now under Obamacare because with the high deductibles they are not getting care.
And when fewer people have health insurance you think they will get more care?
They won't get it under Obamacare. In fact 12-15 million will drop coverage when the mandate is eliminated. Choice.
CBO says 23m will lose insurance and premiums will go up for older people.

I assume you just dismiss CBO?
12-15 million people will drop Obamacare as soon as the mandate is repealed.
No numbers dont lie but....some politicans do!
The TP/GOP does not care.
shutup pochahontus
Why are we the only nation that doesn't have social healthcare? It's the  decent way to take care of yourself, your family & your country.
When will you call for an investigation into the Obama Domestic Surveillance scandal?
Your mistake is that you assume everyone is stupid except yourself. .. wrong again Pocahontas
Yet Odumba care lost just about every insurance company  People  Will Die.
Fliter out those that abused the system! 40 yrs of teaching special people I can tell you plenty of people r abusing SSI!
How dare you spread lies and rhetoric about @POTUS healthcare plan.  As you know, the plan is only in the planning stage! @SickOfPeople321
Coming from the lady who lies about her heritage to get free stuff. Almost as legit as the Fake news.
Can't wait till your gone Ms Warren.. Your friend Hillary Clinton is on her way to prison
Along with along line of you liars, thiefs... it's ALL GONNA GET EXPOSED FINALLY!!
It will severely impact elderly, disabled and those with pre-existing conditions leaving out 23 million MORE Americans without health care
You are spreading senseless hysteria. No truth to your statement.
Obamacare did that remember the abortions those are people if you were really part Indian you would know that parts sale Memorial weekend
Universal care for all, it's fair for all citizens no premiums to pay for any funding is problem no one wants higher taxes figure it out
Your so right Obamacare is killing the nation and what's left the liberals will 
finish the job. Don't forget "FREE EDUCATION " 
And Obamacare was golden! Get a grip senator.
