Congrats Senator/Ambassador!
My family voted you in over Brown. You've been fighting for the people ever since!Watched Christmas as you played santa giving kids  gifts
But why male models?
Hope he likes lamb...
This tweet is very magnanimous of you Senator Warren. You are a class act and I sincerely hope you will be our next president.
Don't Accept that Post, #SenScottBrown! #Republicans want your SEAT IN THE SENATE! Jeez, U got 2 be Smarter than THEM!
Scott Brown is (a) a Republican, and (b) has been out of the Senate for a long time.
Can you go with him but not come back?
Bqhatevwr
Glad he's there that means he's not running for office here!
It's the closest he could get to being Thunder From Down Under.
Four years after leaving office, he still has "Sen" in his Twitter handle?
Are you crazy...we don't want him here. You took the good apple and sent us the bad core.
And the worm was left in the WH. Do you want 45? Please, take him! PLEASE!!!
Lol. He wouldn't make it through bio security.
New Zealand is beautiful! If he starts trouble just send him to live in a room high up in the embassy like Julian Rapunzael 
Obviously, Sacagawea has been drinking heap big bucket fire water!
It's 9,000 miles from Boston to Auckland. President Trump deserves our thanks for this appointment.
Have you, Soros and your daughter apologized to him for cheating during your election in 2012?? #OneTermWarren
Activate yourself the house of the Constitution Spirit lives on for the future of the better half of us

Senator Scott Brown is a turncoat.
Really ????
Unlike you
Why did you support him? He was an early Trump supporter, back when he could have made a difference. Not even a MA resident anymore.
Ugh! So you got Scott Brown out of #Massachusetts & dumped him on poor NewZealand?
Really?
If anybody can destroy our relationship with the Kiwis it's @senscottbrown
WISH I WAS LOOKING VING THERE!! IM SO EMBARRASSED, ASHAMED OF USA BUT, IM STUCK FOR LIFE!!
New Zealand's gorgeous. Congratulations!
Mr. Wary is younger than Mr. Comey and Trump admitted firing him over Russia can Mr. Comey sue over age discrimination?
Lol

Why don't you go away and make us proud?
You are the evil you represent.
@SenWarren exemplifies class by being compassionate to a former political foe. If *ehem* more politicians were like that world would improve
My friends in New Zealand sure aren't pleased.
Will we ever hear from them again?  I can't even figure out the time
Don't think Russia going to let her win
What's your thoughts
.@AlanDersh: Comey Confirms That I'm Right—And All the Dem Commentators Are Wrong: There Was No Obstruction:
how about to the Moon!!
Who cares
as far away from the US as possible, I like it!
https://twitter.com/NewshubNZ/status/872535633553534976 … hunky ex-Senator Brown is apparently all the heat that New Zealand needs.
On June 8, 1987, NZ became nuclear-free http://bit.ly/2s4OwSp 
Senator Warren, you are very gracious.  No idea what New Zealand did to get saddled with Brown, but at least he's not making laws...
Fuck Scott Porn Brown POS
Lucky couple!  They will experience an incredibly kind, grounded and modest society.
Pretty nice post! Multicultural, gorgeous, progressive.
Hey @sgershlak did you wish him luck at the casino?
Seth said they got a huge crowd finger--
That has to be your best tweet. You have a ton of terrible attack tweets. This is a serious burn. Well done.
Reminds me of a blessing from Fiddler on the Roof .........
SENATOR WARREN USE THE DOGS IT WOULD BE WRONG  TO SAY I AM WRIGHT!
Bye....

We can beat your burn with the dragons here
Don't forget to pick up DT on the way to the airport!
lol is that a nice Tah! Tah?
that is Grade A shade, Senator. 
Make sure there is a nice open space near your residence in case of an earthquake.
Noooooo! We don't want any Trump lackeys down here!
I think you left off the "snark" tag?!!
SENATOR WARREN PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS USED TO CARRY THE VICE PRESIDENT ;WHO ;AND WHY;!
No, I "hope" you'll make us proud
Far far away. Where he belongs
Come celebrate what's good in the world this weekend at @CapitalPrideDC & @EqualityMarch17!

#Pride2017 #capitalpride #CapitalPrideDC
Ppppssssttt....Senator Warren, once he leaves can we implement a Scott Brown ban... I'd support that one...
This bi-partisan magnanimity almost never happens. It would be like if Hamilton randomly endorsed Jefferson for Presi-- oh wait.
I need to be an ambassador!! I'll bring pride and distinction to the post! 183 countries....come on...I'll take any!!
And just in time for winter!
Shade
SENATOR WARREN COMEY IS THE WILD CARD!
Lol wat
Is he going to bring his truck?
And his barn jacket!
New Zealand hates all things Trump. Just ask Tillerson about the welcome he got. Instead of a hand, all he got was the finger.
This is PURE sarcasm.  it.

Very classy Senator. He and Mr Trump haven't treated you very well but you rise above them.
SENATOR WARREN THE CONSPIRATORS IN A GAME IF YOU PLAY ALL TREE HANDS YOU CAN'T LOSE!
Take SCOTUS Ginsburg with you @SenScottBrown... PLEASE!
Why not Antarctica? Nothing farther away to send him to?
Where you drunk tweeting? A lot of people do, so it would make sense.
Is he making a "shit ton of money" with this new gig? #SuchADouche
Goodluck! 
The Girl With The Curious Hand is going to New Zealand! @SenScottBrown
Amen
Congratulations Ambassador may you lives Long
You're disgusting. Scott brown and Joe Manchin eat babies for breakfast.
Now ain't that special. You .. You.. speak with political forked tounge.  Scott didn't crawl out from under a rock today. FAKE CONGRATS
Scott Brown was is going to New Zealand's Middle Earth to meet with his master Sauron. One Moron to rule them all.
Nice gig.
Very nice of you @SenWarren   He'll make us proud if he doesn't speak.  At all. Just smile warmly and shake hands like a normal human.
TF is this?
Sarcasm 
Please apologize for us for our idiot president's actions in the past, present and future. We will return soon.
It's nice to see Scott serving his country again. Even nicer to hear the news and well wishes from a former Bay State rival.
Sick troll.
What a two-faced fraud you are.

How is it that your minions dont see right thru you?
Is he running for Senator of New Zealand now?  A rolling stone gathers no moss, @SenScottBrown ...
Wow are you going to go after @AGLynch for pressuring Comey to call investigation a "matter "
@SenWarren your a bigger person than I would be.
Trump sends moderate Republican as far away as possible
Wow.. most would not have seen this coming, but politics
I think you're are being facetious.
I applaud you!
lol
This seems overly nice.
I can't tell if this is ironic.
I guess he can't do too much damage in New Zealand!
*destroys New Zealand...
Can you ban all fossil fuels in Massachusetts, climate change is real. End fossil fuels now.
he actually sucks and is a moron
On the plus side he's in New Zealand now
Not a plus for us in New Zealand... 
Sorry about that. Just make sure the embassy has lots of mirrors he hasn't met one he doesn't like
Lol wut, she's better than the Goldman Sachs and Koch brother shill in the GOP
