I’m heartsick for people in Nevada & across the country who woke up to this news & are worried that their family & friends are ok.
Thoughts & prayers are NOT enough. Not when more moms & dads will bury kids this week, & more sons & daughters will grow up without parents.
Tragedies like Las Vegas have happened too many times. We need to have the conversation about how to stop gun violence. We need it NOW.
Wow!
Smerconish talked about studies that found less info on this impacts otthers doing the same. too much detail given
What are you going to DO ABOUT IT?
#BULLCHIPS HEARTSICK OUR #ASSAGES Your Words Are #EMPTY . #HEARTLESS & Totally #MEANINGLESS. Empty Words. #WHAT Have #You #Done. #NOTHING
This is all on your hands, Dems, you preach hate and disorder wake up before it's too late all this violence is on you!
You are a 100% divider!
Extensive background checks, close gun show loop holes, and recognize that FREEDOM WITHOUT A COMMITMENT TO RESPONSIBLITY IS ANARCHY!!!
The truth is that for most of those there are answers. Bags should be checked in hotels just like planes, stadiums or movie theatres.
Sidewalks on downtown streets should have metal railings incased in stone like the ones around our gas pumps.
Has the orange self-confessed sex-offender blamed the victims yet?
This 2A tragedy, once again, proudly brought to you by the @NRA and @GOP
No, WE'RE heartsick. YOU'RE fishing your blood-dancing costume out of the closet chortling at the prospect of getting gun control.
Opportunist with self interest
Massive White Helmets Photo Cache Proves Hollywood Gave Oscar to Terrorist Group  https://clarityofsignal.com/2017/02/27/massive-white-helmets-photo-cache-proves-hollywood-gave-oscar-to-terrorist-group/ … New additional images added
I was about to hit my cazen
Political Showboating.  So transparent, so insincere, so fake.  Lied about heritage. Lies for votes continue to be your standard.
You;re not heartsick over anything other than what benefits u. You're the laughing stock of America, pls go away, take crazy Hellary with u
Strike while the iron is still hot.Nothing like playing on others emotions to get what you want. You heartless b.....
We're all heartsick, Elizabeth. The horror of the massacre in Las Vegas is unimaginable. Tragic is the only word that comes to mind.
Events om streets like parades or outdoor concerts should require drone surveillance and vehicle blockades at the start and finish of events
High level buildings are required to have tempered glass now sensors should be included to alert building security to breaches in any room.
You have a heart? That's shocking. I thought you had to cut that thin out when you joined the DNC...
Perhaps we can smoke a peace pipe and sort it all out.
We need gun control regulations, not eliminations. Why is it always or all nothing?
The ignorance of people opposed to any gun control blows my mind. How blind!
I'm heart broken for  the victims of last night. May God take charge of their families and their loved ones.
U passed no gun control Lizzy, look in the mirror
We need stricter gun legislation.
Gun legislation is already on the books that prohibit the type of weapon used here.
Actually, there isn't in NV.
Here is a rundown of Nevada gun laws. It’s lawful to possess a machine gun that is legally registered 

https://www.nraila.org/gun-laws/state-gun-laws/nevada/ …
It's federal. You can have an old one or have a special license for one if you are a dealer. You can't buy a new one very easily.
They may not be able to be purchased easily, but they are illegal. Semi automatics can also be modified, which is tough, but can be done.
There is no law that will protect everyone in a free and open society. Tim McVeigh killed more with fertilizer and a rental Truck.
Give me two good reasons a civilian needs an. assault weapon.
The government cannot be Trusted and assault weapon is a political term not a real thing.
Now? Now can we have some common sense gun laws? Not saying take away, but auto weapons are 4 the military. Public needs for mass murders.
Many weapons can be converted to automatic.
It's illegal to convert an semi auto to fully auto. These laws have been on the books since the 1980's.
Illegal yes, when has that stopped anyone.
My point exactly.
A pipe bomb would have killed more and easier to make than converting a semi automatic to automatic. Crazy people will find a way.
I'd ask you what can you do, but after the no-action post Sandy Hook, I fear there's nothing we will ever do. Not blaming you, personally.
At least she dares to speak about it now and continues to try. @SenWarren is more engaged on this than most of her congressional colleagues.
I agree, and I know that she's a strong proponent of stricter gun laws, however the clowns behind her won't budge. Not even after SH.
please introduce gun control legislation. inaction is malpractice and dereliction of duty. #GunControlNow #CongressMustAct
Blood on your hands to politicize this horrific event ! Your day is coming..
You. Heartsick? LMAO
When will WA stop caving to nra?  no place four these type of weapons in private hands.  Nra used to mean gun safety. Not mass shootings.
Like you care about people in Vegas.  They are Americans which Democrats don't care about.  Stay out of Nancy and Hillary's panties.
Introduce both comprehensive mental health care legislation and very strict gun access legislation, then.
Regardless!!!  EVIL / MENTALLY ILL PPLE WILL ALWAYS FIND THE WAY TOO CREATE HAVOC!!!
It's a nightmare. How can we stop it? Please take preventive actions to control gun distribution.
It's time for #GunSafety laws in the USA. Nothing else will stop  #terrorism & slaughter of innocent lives. #ThoughtsAndPrayers don't  help.
Senator, GOP is restricting voting, but anyone can buy a M-16 & as many clips as they want! Don't even have to register it. HELP
M16s are illegal as are automatic weapons unless you have a permit which is very hard to get.
No you’re not. You’re just a politician
#BernieSanders stated that "He wouldn't apologize to gun victims". 
#bankfraudbernie should resign the U.S. Senate immediately!
No you are not sick if you were you would have given the ppl the same health care YOU have. GO AWAY please.
Let's talk current legislation on gun violence  research via CDC NIH. Too much? Free Press?  Research at our premier institutions shut down?
Senator Warren, if I become afraid to gather at an event, my rights r denied more than by not being allowed automatic weapons. Please help!
Everything you and your ilk have to say is just cliche.  Go lead the rubber ducks innyour bath tub because are not the leader of people.
Keep speaking negative this is what the nation gets when the Left and Democrats speak out their asses. You are partly too blame.
One person could affect almost 600, kill or injure, with guns but what if he had only a knife? Or a gun that required manual reloading?
Me too
Let’s get to work and make some change. Please... 
Get dems to all support reglating guns at least as much as cars  License w yrly renewals and background cks based on kind / quantity of guns
The shooter was not Muslim.

Muslim ban a sham.
Gun control now please.
#WarrenForPresident
Mandated gun insurance is the way forward
Side note: https://gun101.blogspot.com/ 
Unless the people in Government who oppose gun restrictions would lose someone they love due to gun violence. They won't care.
Take your heart sickness and turn it into an undying commitment to pass common sense gun legislation.
Please do not turn this into a political agenda.

