I'm an MD. This is what's called "untrue." Planned Parenthood is an abortion abattoir, full stop.
killing the unborn is wrong no matter who you are. Use condoms and no babies are made.Pretty simple
...thus you ought to be allowed to murder your problems away? Truly, your logic is one-of-a-kind.
Ever heard of saline abortion? You think you're smart but you want to separate terminated from murder when it comes to a BABY!!
Dismembering a human being is not medical care 
Here's an8-week baby. Just garbage, right?
What?Each woman has a choice re her uterus.She can choose to have sex (or not) & can choose not to get pregnant.Killing is not a choice.
there are other places they can go and get better or just as good care
I like that choice but I do not think Planned Parenthood should be funded they are for profit organization
but there is no other hospitals hospitals get Federal funding because of the law not because they requested it
Planned Parenthood does not need the money that's the problem we're trying to save money not spend it
of course Vega hottest stands with the people who R killing REAL Native Americans
"Basic." BASIC? Wth is wrong with you?
I can ask you the same question
isn't that we Affordable care act is for?
NO educate yourself!
umm I must of missed them saying over is to provide essential healthcare to all Americans make it affordable 
they provide healthcare to women I've used them. They do cancer screenings and they gave me a book on stages of pregnancy
ok I think that is awesome but again isn't and wasn't the plan for affordable care act to provide those services?
Ur President plans to let the ACA Fail out of spite so women will need PP more than ever lives could be lost otherwise
the Aca ma'am has been failing even without him so what's your point
I just wish that more people knew that Planned Parenthood performs more cancer screenings than abortions.
Wrong-diggity-wrong. @PPFA gives referrals for cancer screening. No actual screening done at PP clinics.
As a woman, I receive my basic medical needs through the primary care physician & OB/GYN assigned to me thru CoveredCA, not PP!
most women do who have insurance but PP provides cancer screenings and healthcare for women who can't afford it
Exactly, so if Medicare and for instance MediCal in CA provides for women's basic needs through the State for free... why PP?
Medicare doesn't cover everything for free, and not everyone qualifies for medicaid
in many rural areas of the country, PP is the only womens health provider
Ok, guess I am confusing all the discussion about Obamacare and the services it provides as compared to PP.
ACA doesn't provide healthcare. It pays for healthcare. PP provides healthcare. It accepts Obamacare insurance
Exactly, you are saying that PP provides ALL the services that Obamacare/ACA pays for. ALL of these services.
they murder babies. Why does the Democrat Party support that?
When we devalue and fail to protect the most innocent and vulnerable we will not be able to trust anyone.
A fetus is not a baby any more than an omelette is a chicken. Protect vulnerable WOMEN.
I'd be interested to discuss how you came up with that analogy. @VAGITATOR @KenDiesel @SenWarren
the egg used to make said omelet is unfertilized and does not have the potential to become a @VAGITATOR @KenDiesel @SenWarren
You're absolutely right. Its a bad analogy! Want something more real?
Married 20 years. In the past 7, we've had baby, miscarriage, abortion, then baby. THAT'S REAL.
I stand withPP
Irrational to kill the unborn children of America
how many do u plan to adopt?
do you have stats to back up that claim?
not seeing any stats
yeah, cuz women can't go to obgyns?
 my wife is an obgyn and they do free clinics.  Enjoy
No OBGYNs husband calls themselves "deplorable land man". I mean really-
Good try.  Lol.
except its been proven over and over again that they provide almost no medical services. Unless you call murder a medical service
I have used their other medical services, you are wrong!
would you get ultrasound to see how along you are in your pregnancy
I personally did not, I did get pap smear that abnormal cells were found more than once.
start calling around and see what health care they offer
Birth Control HIV Testing Health Care for all, Pregnancy Testing & Services STD Testing,Treatment & Vaccines,
Thank you Senator Warren for being the voice, the spokeswoman for sanity and reason.
This is a lie.........PP doesn't really provide basic medical care......you're lying.
Are you actively working to rid the world of Gossnell and his ilk? I don't think so, but you could show me!
Wow! Do you truly believe what you are saying? The unborn would like an advocate too!
Why do they do that with so many better options that provide complete healthcare, not just abortions & referrals. @ScotsFyre @theloftusparty
"Basic medical car"

That's a funny way to spell 'abortion'.
You really can't make this up.  We love you pls never retire and talk more much more.  You are the gift that keeps on giving!!
Planned parenthood is not in the business of medical care only handing out birth control but there business is killing the unborn
PP only does abortions not. medical care
@PPact Just a reminder...tearing babies limb from limb is #nothealthcare.
wannabe baby killer>.@SenWarren
That is BS and you know it. Other groups provide basic medical care for free & also don't do abortions.
"basic medical care" is an interesting way to describe horrific murder to be basically honest
And millions of women are being MURDERED by PP, and all life choices being removed.
Basic medical care equals abortion.
Abortion is NOT "basic medical care" Cheif Sitting Bulls@#t
If PP can afford to donate hundred of thousands of dollars to democratic campaigns, THEY OBVIOUSLY DON'T NEED GOVT FUNDING!
THEY DON'T OFFER MEDICAL CARE. Call them! They'll tell you! They offer BC, abortions, and paps. No HEALTHCARE AT ALL.
Thank God I wasn't from ur #RussianRoulette of  womb. Unsafe babies. @CBNNews @JrlnAcljd @RealAlexJones @potus @TBN @DaystarMarcus @daystar
Twenty years of low pay and no ins, I had good quality women's health services from PP. Protect them and the women who need them.
So "basic medical care" is defined as abortions to you. Got it. Say hello to the chief when you get back to the teepee.
Socialusm at its finest...soon to be gone...haaaaa
Bull!
Pay for your own vaginal care.
#marchforlife has done more to empower women then third wave feminism and baby butcher shops ever will.
PPH, where ya go to have a legalized serial killer murder unborn babies.  By the way, that child's body isn't your body !
NO TAXPAYER FUNDED ABORTION!!!
They don't Provide Pre-Natal Care. Breast Cancer Screenings Or STD prevention. So tell me again how to they protect woman's health.
You do not stand for me
Phony as 3 dollar bill
This #Fraud doesn't care about women #hypocrite
You stand with evil baby killing. Time to repent.
You can start by paying your female staff equally as your male staff
plan parenthood is no friend of women. Pushing abortion on the poor. #disgusting
Just look at a map anywhere in this country and you will find a Planned Parenthood in every predominate black community GUARANTEED.
Planned Parenthood was created to control black population ANYONE can google what Margaret Sanger its founder said about black people
.@PPact is an abortion factory | stop half-billion dollars in annual taxpayer funding
#DefundPP
"Basic Medical Care" Sure... Keep fooling the people! Planned Parenthood should be aborted!!!
No
PP is not needed. Many others provide needed services without abortion
bullshit.
Baby butchery is not "basic medical care!" Infanticide and "care" are mutually exclusive terms.
Yet they dont offer mammograms, or prenatal care. Bizarre
Simple fix.  Send the money to HEALTH CLINIC's instead....
why aren't they using Mass Health??
Baby killers.
#PlannedParenthood is going to have to support themselves. They take away life that should never be supported. It's a sick woman who runs it
For abortions!
I declare this #WH admin is setting #US back 100 yrs w/attack on #women & #climatechange
......and killing millions of black babies. Don't forget that part.
Maybe if you paid your female employees as much as your male employees for the same work they wouldn't need to rely on Planned Parenthood.
You're so concerned about women, then why are you paying your female employees 30 percent less than the men that work for you! Hypocrite!
By basic medical care you mean wholesale baby slaughter, right?
She just doesn't pay woman the same as men
Too bad these babies won't grow up to make $20,000 less then men for Senator Warren.
Your women staffers deserve better pay. Maybe start in your office for women's rights??!
Basic & preventive care require one to have a PCP to provide for a multitude of preventive care services. PP dose not provide expanded care.
I'm confused...I thought Obama care covered "basic medical care"?  Why do we need planned parenthood for that when we have Obama Care?
@SenWarren PP doesn't give basic medical care.  It primarily does ABORTIONS.  Stop wasting taxpayer money on this disgusting procedure.
Murder is not basic medical care. In 2014, PP served 2.7 mil people, while FQHCs served 22.8 mil people. The difference & your bias is clear
PP is primarily used 4 abortions..not basic medical care.  Tax money should NOT be directed to them! Kill babies on UR on dime!
Seems to me that Trump offered $ for the 'basic medical care' but PP said no. If PP is really about 'basic care' then why turn down the $?
@PPact doesn't even do mammograms, Fauxcohontas. They're in the business of killing babies and bc of people like you business is good. #EVIL
You just stand with you
Elizabeth Warren’s Female Staffers Made 71% of Male Staffers’ Salaries in 2016 https://goo.gl/BcNbYM  via @BrentScher 
What you are all for taking babies out of the black woman's womb. Remember why planned parenthood was started.  You are disgusting.
That is a lie
I thought planned parenthood got caught selling baby organs...... wtf
Unfortunately your mother did not abort you...that would have gained alot of support for this cause
PP is money laundering for the Democrats!
THEY CAN GET BASIC MEDICAL CARE AT THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT WHICH ALSO OFFERS MEDICAL CARE FOR MEN AND CHILDREN. YOU JUST WANT TO FUND ABORTION
Why have two or three systems paying for the same medical care? More efficient to have one & get rid of all repeated administrative costs.
#OneTermWarren
People.  Should. Get. Job. And.  Work. For. A.  Living.  (Like. Yourself)
Basic needs are the less things that they do their biggest thing is abortion
Birth control and abortions is hardly basic medical care. Mammograms and prenatal care is though, which PP doesn't do.
This is sickening.
Not the taxpayers responsibility to fund planned parenthood or any other organization.
Obamacare fixed everything. everyone has great insurance/affordable copays why need planned parenthood 4 services.
Nobody cares what you or @HillaryClinton has to say!
And you support the killing of babies!!
You mean abortions?
They don't need Planned Parenthood. They simply need to access their amazing Obamacare benefits.
Not quite true and you know it. There are other organizations that give loving care to pregnant women & will offer means other than abortion
#StandWithPP & #Disclosure of research so that poor people don't sacrifice for corporate patents & profits http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2015/07/both-sides-of-planned-parenthood.html …
By making this issue so divisive many #Progressives have been distracted from fact that corporations are making massive profits by (1/2)
What a line of B.S. Where in the constitution does it say we pay for abortions with our tax dollars.
.@SenWarren You mean you stand with Moloch.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_sacrifice?wprov=sfsi1 …
Crock!
All of you are worrying about pp funding should start sending them donations and leave the rest of us out of it.
Yes because if you call those planned parenthoods none of them provide mammograms or prenatal care... wanna fuck buy your own birth control
another lie..murdering babies isn't healthcare..
“Basic”
And baby grinding services....
Planned Parenthood is an organization committing more murders than the ISIL.
I'm totally with you on that miss Warren. Pay no attention to the Moron below or anyone else who thinks like him.
what will you do about the selling and bartering of baby parts. That is just sick.
IDK what's so hard to do understand, everybody agrees it's a good thing.  Except we all disagree on abortion.  Take it out of the equation
Your agenda is not the people's agenda. Keep that in mind..
No they don't! Thank God!
There are many other ways for med. help. PP is not the end-all for healthcare. Total lies about its usefulness.
Then let them offer basic medical care. Period
As a eugenicist, you are evil
Obama care insurance for all. It's covered
#PP doesn't perform basic medical care. They perform abortions.
How about Standing for the Homeowners on this scheme that you get money from IBM
Speaking of funding, you have been avoiding the question of your backing funding for NAMBLA. No answer means no one can call you on it.
It is against the law to use federal funds for abortions. PP co-mingles so money usage cannot be tracked. No obedience to rules, no money.
Proving empowered womyn don't need to #SitWithPP!! #NeverAskAWoman
PP has been co-mingling federal funding with the money used for abortions, this is against the rules. When will they follow the rules?
get rid of abortions and everything will be all right Pocahontas
PP is where your constituents go to get ambulance ride to Emergency room
I'll venture to say you don't go there for your health care !
#DefundPP  #pinkout
That is why they have medical insurance for. Not federal funding.
U support a murdering business of innocent babies. They had their chance to keep fed money if they stopped abortions. Killers
why are women so dedicated to killing their babies?
#stopthemurder #UnbornLivesMatter #DefundPP
that's such a farce
