Sounds like it might actually be a witch hunt. I don't want it to be true but it's looking that way. Time to do something more productive.
Seems to me the "witch hunt" has chased out a few witches.  Including one with a distinctive drawl and a faulty memory.
He is a crazy racist and he deserves what ever comes to him. The rest of us need to find something more concrete to pull us together.
Prove he's a racist
His first name is Jefferson, passed down from through his family. Taken from Confederate president, Jefferson Davis.
His middle name is Beauregard. Passed down through his family. Taken from Confederate general, P.G.T. Beauregard.
For the most part, the people he grew up around people that were racists. It would be hard for him not to be one.
Maybe as hard as it is for you not to be ignorant?
No AG said he would answer in private session if he got permission from his boss, just like Comey has done for years.
Obama, Lynch, Rice, Holder, Clillary really & u think Sessions is a problem.  Pull your head out. Dems are loosing because of you & others.
O B S T R U C T I O N.
Your ignorance showing. You realize that DJT could (and could have pardoned) anyone and everyone to end this. Google Casper Weinberger.
Google the Woodward & Bernstein book "All the President's Men."  Then let's chat about ignorance . . .
It's a great book. What is your point?
Asking questions you know are not legally supposed to be answered and whining about the lack of answers is not an argument.
Gosh, I wish you dug this deep into your girl Hilary Clinton. Democrats, loyal to their party, not to the American people. HYPOCRITE!
...appropriate. You see...the thing is, he serves el Presidento so has to check with him to make sure they got their stories straight first!
What a waste of tax payers money!
He should have pleaded the 5th, right? Like the crooked Dimms before did, nothing wrong with that huh? Hypocrits to the max. You lost, fact.
French fries, pizza, French fries, pizza
Cause he is guilty of violating US law!
AG Sessions could not answer questions which are under executive privileges or violate standards regarding leaking classified information!
It's infuriating. Trump has stated he fired Comey over the Russia investigation.
Russia investigation was a crapshoot. A waste of taxpayer $$$ and neverending. Comey was also fired for other reasons Trump left out.
not true - he said he would consult legal staff re legality of what could or couldn't be answered or released, and act accordingly.
reminds of a time Lynch refused to answer ?'s about a tarmac meeting with Bill. Or when Holder was silenced by Obama via executive privledge
the only way to kill and end middle east terrorism is to stop their recruitment which can be stopped only by democratic governments
And you know he can't
executive privilege on the DT behalf just in case he ever has the intelligence to do it
And nothing happens to him for the second time he lied under oath. These hearings are useless. There's no consequences for his refusals
Like the old west! Lawlessness
Focus on the now,save old anger,concentrate on DJT Mess w/Putin &his US schemes!
I demand that Obamas daily meetings and all his records be investigated now.  To see what he knew and when he knew it.
Still stuck on Obama, huh?  Lol.  Old. News, lady.
Not old news did he disappear like ALL others no. Stocking the president following him from country to country
What the heck are u trying to say? There's no investigation of 44, remember? He was the good president. It's Trump who lies & BSes nonstop.
Property
How is he getting away with that crap?
Is this fake hews, or a very reliable source like the New York Times. Which we all know is beyond suspicion ,  (or private citizen Comey )
I wonder why. Oh I think I know he is worried about loosing his job if he were to answer all the questions.
Can you say #WitchHunt
I'm trying to find a record of you whining when Hillary refused to answer dozens of times. Hypocrite.
GOOD> Bugs you to death, doesn't it ???
Defective memory. Should he be running the DOJ?

House elf...
Comey is leaker which obviously calls for him being fired. At least he exposed Loretta Lynch covering up Hilary's CRIMINAL investigation 
So what comey did not answer lots of questions get over your self.
At least Comey agreed to answer nat sec questions behind closed doors, Sessions did not.
Did you ever think that the constitution did not stop him but it stop session from saying it. Their is a difference like night & day.
Did you expect session to break law because he is under oath. And are you 100% sure Comey told the truth.
Yes, Comey has way more credibility than Trump or Sessions, and I don't even like Comey that much.
@kk_kohl @realDonaldTrump   Sessions job means more to him than being honest.
I think it's the power more than the job, too bad that powerful job is tainted.
Wow! Start telling the truth or be silent Elizabeth
Pocahontas will never tell the truth.
So disgusting Warren lies so much so can no longer differentiate between a lie and the truth
You are blind. Donald Trump is the best thing that has happened to the USA in a very long time. And to us Christians.
You are not worth arguing with. Get your facts straight through good research. Learn, study, use critical thinking instead of spewing lies.
A total waste of time! Our congress is asleep! History will judge harshly!
Well in that case!  Thankfully,  intellect still matters in the U.S. () so historians & educators will prevail! Unless they move to !

He can't recall, by gum, but he sure does know whatever he did, it was legal, maybe, since he doesn't recall what the law is, either.
Typical condescending leftist
Contrast with Comey, who CAN remember, takes notes, and does his job with care.  Call me what you will, Sessions can't remember?
Right makes it so easy, standards SO LOW for integrity, competence, transparency
Of course leftists are always the smartest people in the room..in their mind . Such pompous fools.. aren't you tired of losing yet?
yes, particularly sad about losing habitable planet, thanks for that.  We aren't the smartest, we are the ones who care for others though.
Oh, wait.  We are ALSO the smartest.
More fake news and falsehoods
Comey was fired for not doing his job. @HillaryClinton & @AGLynch should in jail. #ClintonCoverUp
When the AG can't & won't answer questions or tell the truth he has no business being the top law enforcement officer it's time 2 remove him
You Liberals scare me
Trump is my president
James Comey refused to do his job . He is protecting Hillary Clinton
You do know there was no evidence of collusion, yes?
Grrr
SO.....................who cares.....................only Dem Dems
what's it going to be next week president Trump eats your peanut butter cookies
Why not answer?  What do you have to hide????
There's the deplorables. Right there. GOP= pain and sorrow.
And you know why? You never explained some of your private conversations with Obama

The media and its useful idiots on the left are a greater domestic threat to American safety than radical Islamic terrorists. 
He is I'm under no compunction to share his private conversation with potus
He is a chicken you know what.
He protests too much I believe!  Both are guilty as hell or they would be cooperating with Congress!
Ok we are spending all of our time / on trump what about fixing our country  as always nothing gets done
Yeah, so?
Please run for president!  I would love to see you get more embarrassed
What are you getting at? Collusion or what? People are out there shooting Congressmen based on your evidence free Russia conspiracy theory.
Don't let the fact that he was there voluntarily get in the way of your narrative
True statement by @Senwarren for a change ...but what of it? He has that legal right. #DumpWarren
Just like Eric Holder did regarding Fast and Furious. What's ur point? That's how it is.
AG refused to answer questions B/C he's a coward & liar, just like his 5 X draft dodging coward & liar of a boss 45 Comey NOT liar or coward
Out in 2018!!!
Isn't that contempt if congress?
And what do you think Loretta Lynch is going to say when she testifies about her tarmac talk with POTUS Clinton? #coverup
He's gotta go!!!
This "good ole boys" club runs deep. It's infuriating, disturbing, and unacceptable. However when one falls... #biglyfailing #sad #resist
Few months ago you were asking to Fire Comey now his a good guy what's going on
AG Sessions is looking to have it both ways. #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice
Why even bother with the little troll? He's obstructing. Get him for that and move on to next minion
This notion that they are above the law flies in the face of all the checks and balances our constitution is based on 2/2
Stand up Sen Warren... Be a leader and warrior for America.  Put a stop to the obstruction.  Compel them to answer questions.  1/1
Yawn
Has the  White House become a den of thieves and thugs all while they have secret sessions to pass laws that suit them
Of course he did. No ethics or truth in this WH. God help us!
Because he's as involved as Trump & co.
He exposes his pernicious, treacherous & guilt-laden character in a brazen display of contempt for t People; amazing he still holds office.
Keep pushing him! He is hiding something, if not about him, about the president.
Yada yada yada! You Dems are robots..nothing original to say.
You, kamala Harris and that reed guy all kick serious butt. Love it. Keep up the good work!
Your lying..
That whole constitutional rights thing... Uggh.
The pothead s he is trying to jail have a better memory than Sessions
Can he refuse to answer?
stop the madness, demand the TRUTH!!!
Big surprise there.
And they told another women to shut up! We need more women in   Congress, women outnumber men in US we need 2 b represented fairly.
Why would Sessions volunteer to testify if he had no intention of answering questions? It's called CYA!
He refused to answer why he recused himself --even more telling!
get rid of that #FossilizedSenile old man!
But it was ok  for Holder to refuse and to refuse documents.Double standard.
The people are sick and tried of the BS on Capital Hill. You are the voice of the majority of the American people. Keep up the great work.
When they put party before country it should be punishable by law- if not treason. They are gop before American.
Because he is a coward and corrupt to the bone
I am actually not at all surprised. We knew this meeting was useless in an open setting because he would defend his party no matter what.
Hold him in Contempt!!!
Mrs Warren. Please share with the American people your conversations between you and the majority leader, Mr Schumer.What? I didn't think so
The little racist elf aka former Klan member got his feathers ruffled cc:@jeffsessions
Sessions is a coward
also said he didn't meet russians...This Getty pic of Sessions at mayflower hotel tells a different story...
You know why. Fibbing again. Inciter!
U play a large part in this hatred! Shame on u!
What about when lynch,clinton,comey,holder all refused to answer questions about their REAL crimes and treason?
Why don't you go dance in a parade.
HYPOCRITE at every congressional hearing into Internal Revenue scandal Benghazi scandal Fast & Furious scandle etc ALL BHO cronies plead 5rh
Whatever you say Pocahontas what are you hiding you have more secrets in your closet than hienz has pickles
He can't and you know that the constitution allows president to have confidential conversations.  Seesions would have broke the law to answe
You know that too and being a drama queen about it.  He did not break the law.  Just because you are sworn on the Bible does not mean you
U r delusional.....
Coo coo, coo coo! Give it up you crazies. Move on and help #MAGA!
An he is leagaly able to do so
Sessions has forgotten more stuff than Cosby
#IDontRecall
Today, before the Twitterverse, #Fauxchohantas again refused to acknowledge & condemn the crime syndicate known as the Clinton Foundation.
So what?  What is the Senate doing to move the country forward.  Stop the partisanship and begin the hard work of negotiations bi partisan
Trumps administration is more crooked and a deeper Swamp than ever!!!
Things don't look good for him
No Republican on committee had the stones to make him.
Just SHUTUP so sick of you and your negative comments on everyone especially a respected man like Jeff sessions shameful
He needs to resign due to his early onset Alzheimers - it's obvious now that he can't remember anything - he can't do this job
Talk about Obstruction of Justice...
He did answer you were looking for dirt and not what really happened.
He doesnt understand the law anout privalege & hes suffering from dementia. He cant recall anything even whats been in the news
We need to start a  investigation into Democratic party.  Obama,Clinton,Schumer,Lynch,Comey,Warren,Pelosi, Waters,McCain,Ryan,Cummings.
He was only there 2 try 2 save his hide and make "good" for trump.DJT only used Sessions to control AG OFFICE.
What a short memory you dems have! Eric Holder refused to answer questions or turn over relevant docs in "Fast and Furious" you pol HACK!!!!
He should be held in contempt.
Taxation is theft
With Sessions failure to answer any real questions he should be fired for obstruction of justice as he was a total joke.
Why weren't you this engaged when Loretta Lynch plead the 5th? or when Holder did? Or when Obama used ExPriv to protect Holder from F&F?
Hello how are you?
Who the heck does he think he is? Holder? Lerner? Lynch? Another thieving, lying crooked Dem?
Why did Sessions agree 2 appear before committee?Did he just want 2 say,It's not my fault&win back DJT favor!
And that's it exec privilege which means he & trump are hiding something. Impeachment grounds I say. They'd call 4 it if this were Obama
Well, I don't recall....well, I don't remember...well as far as I know...well, I invoke executive privilege even tho I can't! Sheesh! Putz..
It's almost like you didn't watch it..yet just slinging shit to see what sticks. VERY irresponsible Warren.. VERY irresponsible
Did you ever meet with any Russians have you ever lied on a state or federal job application are you of Indian heritage don't lie
And take a look at eric holder not answering  questions in senate  hearings
When are you going to answer for killing custer
Shocking?
You didn't expect anything else did you?
Please somebody be strong enough to bring these greedy men to justice!!!!
Because "appropriateness". Where is Sessions' concern for sentencing "appropriateness"? For racial "appropriateness"? #GOPhyporisy
Why is he getting away with such evasive answers?
If Session's memory is as bad as he claims, he needs to retire.  Why are taxpayers paying him?
COWARD!!!!
When are you going to say something positive about the new VA bill
Like Holder Contempt. Lois Lerner, Hillarys it guy. Meeting on tarmac where is Susan rice. Obummer is next.
You can't blame him - a *woman* had the audacity to demand answers from him.
Well, Liz - that's not unprecedented.  Both parties and AG's do the same. Just ask AG Holder. Add a little truth to your commentary.
Since 11/9, the USA has been on a steady downfall due to trump & the GOP.
Surprise surprise!
Also today GOP lawmakers were targeted in a shooting. Wake up
Did you expect a different result @SenWarren? What can you dems do about it? Strong words are meaningless. Take action.
Is there a method to get rid of a sitting Congress critter? Why, yes there is... It's called expulsion.
Ms Warren why aren't you concerned about the Iran deal that congress did not give approval to spend the money and do you really trust Iran
They will come back in a few years with nukes to nuke America.  Now tell me you trust them not to do so.
Comey should have been fired Jan 20 but it did not happen that way. The Russian collusion is fake there is no evidence so move on.
fire the attorney general dont believie or trust him another trump cronie
I would like to know what you are  going to do about Loretto Lynch. Will there be an investigation?
AG: But, but, but there's a policy! Sen: Where? AG: I don't know. Sen: An invisible policy the AG can't produce, good enough for me.
@SenWarren when are you going to appear on the @MadisonSiriusXM show ?
And he just can't seem to recall, well maybe he recalls talking to Kislyak. AG wouldn't take that answer from a witness for 1 second.
Seriously what about loretta lynch and the entire Clinton cabal who use taking the 5th as a point of pride they use constantly?
I never defended Clinton or Lynch but we have evidence of the GOP colluding with the Russians-Ryan needs to resign ASAP.
I'm canadian so this isn't about party politics but from my perspective there's been evidence against Hilary since election.
You weren't watching were you, he answered all questions except conversations with POTUS.
Give it up #FakeIndian. You are an embarrassment to America.
Your rhetoric against @POTUS and the right directly contributes to the violence we are seeing this morning directed at Rep Scalise. Cool it!
Warren and many other dems are anti America. It's that simple! There loath of trump is so biased and uncalled for.
About shootings -get the guns out of circulation
If it weren't for the good guys with guns, the carnage would have been a lot worse! Keep your hands off the 2nd Amend!!

Imagine his frustration if he was the one who was trying to get answers.
But it's OK that Lynch pleaded the 5th when testifying on the Iran deal, & refused to answer ?s on Clinton email investigation 74 times???
which is his right and the right thing to do. And you know it! Your just mad it doesnt fit your agenda
So what are you going to do abt it? They don't answer b/c they know you're all impotent to do a thing. No point complaining unless you act.
Helloooo! Where was your outrage when Eric Holder refysed to answer questions?
I can get behind this. Fair is fair. Unless there's a legit privilege, every witness has to answer the questions. Period.
Find the truth. It is there.
Because he's another sleazeball, lying bigot. He's part of the swamp that was to be drained. #Swamprat
@LarrySc24132120 @realDonaldTrump You let him get away with perjury during his confirmation hearing. What did you expect?
#SessionsMustResign #FireSessions #LiarLiarSessionsOnFire #SessionsStorytime
Well it's either I don't recall or commit perjury. He knew what he was doing. Guilty as hell.
Sure wish you asked Sessions about the firing of those 24 attorneys where theres a memo stating they wouldnt be fired all at once :B
He has a guy like Ken Starr defending him, lol.
