I don't think u and DJT are on the same page. He thinks all they need is paper towels. Such a disgusting representation of the United States
What I don't see is the politicians out helping.  Nor do i see a lot of the residence helping except themselves. They the ones complaining
While Trump wastes taxpayer $ traveling every weekend to golf, as he forces Price to quit over wasteful travel $. #SavePuertoRicoNow
Humm, did you complain when oblamo did even more than that,wasting your tax $ 2 pay 4 2 trips,on every vacation?
I couldn't agree more! We should charge @realDonaldTrump with the deaths of all who die due to his lack of action!
Good luck with that. GOP is too busy falling all over themselves obstructing justice, rading coffers, hating blacks, women, smart people etc
And democrats have always hated smart ppl because they know dems are lying, not true republicans. Dems hate & blame their hate on repubs.
Trump is a phony and fake patriot! He cares not about the Americans or America! Only himself! His ego! His bank account! Shame!
How about the Senate voting on one of 300 bills Congress sent to you?! What the heck do you guys do? NOTHING
Why the USNS haven't been deployed to P.R.?
Your fake outrage is hilarious.
Trump chose not to send help for 7 days while people died. He did it intentionally. He's evil. Resign or be impeached. Help the people now
Keep your head in the sand,hide from the truth,ppl like you will always believe the socialist run lying media. But we will win with truth.
START WITH MAKING THE NFL PAY TAXES! H.R. 296 PRO SPORTS ACT! THEY CLAIM NON-PROFIT W/ IRS! IMAGINE HOW THAT WOULD HELP THE PPL U CARE ABOUT
We know and all of Congress knows we can count on you @SenWarren!
All of congres should be fired and we can start over.  You have all failed us.
POCAHONTAS @SenWarren has no Moral grounds to be outraged... WHAT-IS-SHE-DOING??? #RESIST IS ALL...
The Democrats would vote against it

@va_shiva for Senate!!!
@SenWarren SHUT UP AND DO SOMETHING
And CHIP

Oh Liz.
We need to impeach liz warren.put someone who actually loves America in her place, stop her socialist values. Stop sanders also.
People are dying and the President golfs. Why are the Republicans dragging their feet?
The Republican are showing how much they do not care for people of color only when they need some labor done they can't or won't do
Shut up Elizabeth we get it god
Sen Warren, I'm starting to believe Congress can't do anything about #madmantrump.  Please Congress DO SOMETHING!!
Maby the person blamed for deaths in Puerto Rico should be blamed on the Puerto Rico government, it's their ppl refusing to haul supplies.
We should help Puerto Rico & v islands, but if they want real U.S. tax payers  $ maby they should become U.S. states first.
How about undoing the damage done to Puerto Rico by Clinton and the Democrats, leaving their economy hopelessly lost today?
Agreed
@BrienLillian I do agree with you that much more has to be done to address not just Puerto Rico , but aid for UVI as well.
Agree Have a Great day
You have a great day as well !
@InSpiteOfTrump please, Sen. Warren. Please help save our country by getting rid of this "useful idiot" in the Oval Office
Why isn't anyone in Gov speaking out about the vicious attack on the courageous Mayor & P R people Trump attacked?(Send $ as well.)
Senator. With what Trump has done (or actually not done) it must be a priority to find some Republicans to do the right thing. He has to go
Shut up MR PRESIDENT TRUMP dam sure doesn’t need your advice
I'm sure you're the first person to think of that!! bravo. 
Liz whind abt stealth campaigns?http://HMMM.Gov  PR praised wrk by feds bt Liz is sayng nothng done?Guess no 1 here knows logistics
Please remind people how quickly we came to Haiti aid after their earthquake.  We need the same response for Puerto Rico.
Why didn't congress approve their statehood after they voted in favor of it in 2012.  Were they not worthy of statehood?

Lets get around the clock  #AirDropsinPuertoRico going. 
When you are outraged over everything,  then nothing is outrageous
Can you just toss some articles of impeachment in there too?
And the Senate must immediately remove that racist piece of trash from office. Lead the charge @SenWarren , we've got your back. ENOUGH.
Yes,, and @senate shouldbe working incessantly to ensure he does and #impeachTrumpnow
Hey Fauxcahontas, fyi https://www.fema.gov/blog/2017-09-29/overview-federal-efforts-prepare-and-respond-hurricane-maria?utm_source=hp_promo&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=disaster …
Tell the orange fraud it's an Obamacare repeal bill and he'll sign it in a New York minute.
And yet we know our military is already working to help PR and US Virgin Islands.  Do you pay any real attention?
Isn't Manhattan an island too. I bet 45 would care if it were HIS island!
You need to impeach the SOB
Yes Sen Warren! NEOHILTER aka trump will let ALL of our citizens die simply because they are Brown speak Spanish and live on an island...
@SenWarren Well Dotard in Chief isn't doing shit.  Someone needs to step us.  #HelpPuertoRico
And right after that, how about getting some sane GOP Senators to join Dems in moving to impeach Trump. #impeachTrumpnow
Spend spend spend never worry about the results
Is there anyone responsible in that administration ?
With Racist republicans in charge? Will that really happen?  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Are you writing an appropriations bill.
Those who live in glass houses, Warren. Those who live in glass houses…
But what can we do, @SenWarren , to get #Statehood4PR ?
You're being nice than my entire Twitter feed 
Shameful it hasn't yet been done!
Don't tell US. Tell the other members of Congress.
Yes
Better call Hill ....Still waiting to see @ClintonFdn to put any kind of money toward any disasters
Congress must immediately impeach the Dotard-in-Chief.
Where were you a week ago?
Introduce a bill then Ms Useless
USA BEFORE OTHER COUNTRIES
Please help our family in PR!!! We are zip 11222 Need aid, debt relief now!!! @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
Do it. Plus consider censure for terrible behavior by @POTUS at the very least.
Immediately? Kinda a late thought
Keep standing and fighting for those who have no voice !! Proud of your commitment to all the underdogs in this country.
Congress must get on the ball & pass a new Health bill.  Remember we r dying, because it is too expensive
Relief is in process Senator and has been. DNC & the media need to cut out the fake news. Disasters are not political toys.
Yes, Congress, get off your lazy asses and do something that actually helps citizens.
Actually Congress must immediately take up necessary measures to remove that deranged orange toddler from the office
While you are at it introduce an act for spoon feeding Puerto Ricans Warren.
Amen
People like you are the problem, not the solution. Its entire existence Puerto Rico has sucked up or aid
Thank you!!  They need you.
Get it done!!
Warren get your head out of your behind and be product

Just wondering if solar panels can't be set up there?
Well last week 
but Immediately works too.
Absolutely!  They were quick to aid their millionaire buddies during the banking crisis.  But follow trumps lead with PR.
What is your idea? More Dem mismanagement of the island? More debt? Dems are worthless!
Dear Elizabeth! What has happened to our once great country! Beside that load taking office.
Why don't. You pack up and go to PR yourself
You're congress!
What's Warren been doing while the military has been down there providing as much relief as possible with no infrastructure left?
Your echoing the Presidents words exactly. Good job
So many ignorant and hateful tweets.  Typical liberal attitude.
Should've already been in place.  Good start taking some accountability though.
While you've been virtue signaling, Trump has been getting things done. Get lost.
Some greedy rich hedge fund men plundered PR's economy. THEY SHOULD TAKE A BATH NOW!!!!
Another useless tweet Liz. Your ability to be a productive member of Washington is shameful. How dumb have the voters of MA become.
Nope...Trump has it covered..go back to sleep with the other libs

How can we reduce items from the budget that are truly non-essential?
Why.....so you can skim off the top?
Yesterday Please 
Duh!
Do it! Aren't you part of Congress?
How will that help the Republicans? Or influence the electoral college? Better to pander to Texas, Ohio, and Florida
Lmao, the hurricane was how long ago? Fucking joke
too busy golfing.
WRONG. OUR WORTHLESS PIG OF A PRESIDENT NEEDS TO SEND IN THE US ARMY TO LEAD THE #PUERTORICORELIEF EFFORT.
Congress must immediately figure out how to save CHIP
The question is, what the hell is taking so long…Katrina relief didn't take this long?
Please support a #debtmoratorium for #PuertoRico.
What's stopping you?
This tweet is dated 4 hours ago, 9 days after the hurricane hit Puerto Rico.  

Your call for action is far too late Senator Warren.
it's mind boggling
WHY DON'T YOU AND THE REST OF THE CROOKED DEMOCRATS MOVE THERE AND HELP THEM OUT!!!!!
We must take care of these ppl WITHOUT REGARD 2 THEIR DEBT CRISIS! TEX & FL OWE MORE! SO DOES BROWN &DEMOCRAT means you don't deserve help?
Congress should immediately divert 100% of what Trump asks for on the wall to an aid package for PR and USVI.
Make them states.
When @POTUS gets off golf course he'll get around to it...what's the rush? @nytimes @SenatorCollins @foxnation @billmaher @CBSNews @CNN
My question is why haven't they already? #HelpPuertoRico
Hey Joke-ahontas, why don't you stop making a fool of yourself for a second.
It is a disgrace that they haven’t already
YOU NEED 2 question where $$$$ given to P.R. HAS GONE,U.S. POTUS ISN'T there ATM
And statehood if desired.
Make the a state, Give them representation. Republicans can't oppose it now or they look bad.
Keep your eye on the developments re; Perkins loan/student financial aid programs please. This admin intends 2 shut down access 2 education.
Do something now!  Right now!  These people need help!
Uhh, they are receiving aid. The issue is delivery. Ports, roads. #MILITARY will take care of it.  #PuertoRico
But what about all that water? The big water? The ocean water?
let me guess.... You finally want to lead the Charge.
Get a move on
For Trump it's about money not our people he is off golfing!
How about getting  45 to do his job and help these people. He write some ridiculous executive order every day
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
Let someone who knows something there. A general anybody eith a brain in WH. The picking are slim but there is a couple. The pleaing...
Over & over for help in PR. He's busy with football players that r not hurting ppl. Much more important than saving lives. Now golfing. EVIL
Jones Act is controlled by who Senator??  How many container ships of supplies are waiting to port in PR for relief aid?
I think you are a socialist/communist enemy of the state......anyone with any sense despises you and you destructive politics!
Aren't you a Senator? Hust want to make sure you are aware you are part of Congress. Appropriations come out of Legislature not Executive.
Why are you waiting?
Totally agree.... let the drumph stay at his club and play golf.... he is not capable of doing anything else effectively.... know you can...
Right on Sister!!!
Stop pandering.  3 weeks ago you couldn't point to PR on a map
You mean like the joint Army and Navy humanitarian efforts under Trump's direction? Like that kind of aid?
Need more. We give $600 billion to the military. You'd think they could muster more help. People are dying.
So before asking  Elizabeth Warren anything else why don't you ask her that she clearly has the answer thieves in Congress. She is one.
Do you know People in Congress make like $ 174 thousand a year. Yet more than half are millionaires. It's time to ask how that happens.
And the administration needs to stop lying the the American people. A mayor pleading for help. These are Americans.

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
See Elizabeth politicians have everything set up for themselves not for Americans. Just like you lying about being part Indian you're not
Congress first has to stop insider trading in Congress. Congress is supposed to Police stock market trading not make millions from it
Make sure that everybody gets fired on his cabinet that are spending taxpayer money for travel
Trump needs to do his job or resign. He should be pressured by Congress to resign or #25thThe45th.  Or #ImpeachTrump. He's unfit , evil
Congress should use #25thAmendment to remove @POTUS from office immediately and put someone in charge who will help PR now. Today.
yeah, like a "bill" is going to do anything. The aid is there, the country is trashed, it's a bad combo, you're not helping.

Immediately
Amen to that
That million dollars HHS Price tricked off on planes probably would come in handy right about now.
Good luck! At the moment it seems more plausible that Syria will give aid to parts of the US in the future...
They already have Pochantas!
it's not a democracy, it's a republic, I've got mine screw everyone else, globalization, guns, religion, blah blah blah
Yes, absolutely
Thank you for remembering the USVI
You should donate a million.
American citizens need start paying fed income taxes then
Little LATE... aren't you SENATOR ?????
Warren, you start by giving those millions you have to the PR.
Also, they must Trump & Friends from sabotaging ACA.
9 days ago
Well get on it senator. Smh
We're 20 trillion in debt let's ad a bunch more to it! Idiot!
FAST! This is beyond disgraceful.
This is an emergency! Congress must do something if trump won't. The situation in PR is a travesty.
Where is the wonderful GOP Congress....@empnew @SenWarren   Remember this when voting in 2018...GOP has to go..your life may be at stake
Didn't you all go home for the weekend? Didn't Trump go golfing again? Spare us...
Maybe this should have been done like five days ago?
