Please just go away. You are a farce and have high hopes that you're not reelected. You are dishonest!
Please publish some facts and stop with the rhetoric. Your party is so yesterday & we want to be rich not spoken to as needy victims
So yesterday? The progressive movement always wins with time. Liberals are ahead of our time. Civil rights, gay marriage, Medicare
He should be removed from office.
Ms. Warren, I'm better off after 6 months of Trump than I was after 8 YEARS OF OBAMA. That, ma'am, is truth from a real native American.
He doesn't care about American workers, just American CEOs
Where do u get your info?  You know POTUS personally?
Actions are obvious.

of course hes screwed middle class hes a jew sympathiser
DAILY ACTION: Tell the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing on DACA ASAP and pass the DREAM Act!
That's why jobs are at all time highs. Get a life Warren Mark ohio
Jobs are down. Change the channel once in a while.
Wish he would punch you
Really this from the party that consciously destroys jobs in oil pipelines and destroys little companies with obama care and heavy taxes
Donald Trump = NOT for working America. Democrats have ALWAYS been the ones in there trying to protect blue collar workers of America, FIRST
LOL, do you even believe the lies you say?
800,000 Illegal Aliens wasn't President Trumps fault! Corruption in our State/ Government officials. Until these people are out ITS hopeless
Oh u & @DNC bore me so badly. I didn't even vote for Trump, but unless you have something more to offer than Trump Sucks I will be in 2020.
Go back to your teepee!
Thank God American workers are much smarter than you are and know that is a blatant lie you are telling.
Lying Lizzie.. Are you freaking insane. Turn off cnn hon. ITS NOT A GOOD SOURCE OF. "REAL NEWS" YOU DEMS A DAMN JOKE.
Guess the ACA was not a sucker to the american workers paycheck? Dem want larger govt am more give aways. That hurts american workers.
You have it all wrong as usual.

Look up the history of the minimum wage. You will find that that FDR'S MW was nothing but an attempt to price black owned businesses out.
Who r u trying to convince? Your pathetic ! Dem party needs to clean house & find democrats that will work with @POTUS !
https://sarxclothing.com/collections/new-products-1/products/house-of-trump …
Any examples or just more lies?
Listen #Pocahontas, Trump has done more in the past months than your looser obama ever did for American's during his 8 yrs of golfing off.
The Senility Express, right on time! A @POTUS who values Americans over illegal aliens. Oh the humanity!!
I am a legal American with an immigrant husband. #laws
Go Trump, I support Trump!
HE ADDED MORE THAN A MILLION JOBS IN HIS FIRST SIX MONTHS, LIZZY!
Translation: Trump is doing an awesome job raising the GDP & lowering Unempl - We can't think of how else to criticize him.
Shut up
Deporting illegals actually helps American workers.
Our potus has already done more for American workers in the short time in office than you democrats in the last 8 yrs so get on board
What a lame POS!
STFUp you con
LOL. You're a nut!

DO something about it, please (to Congress)
It's exactly the opposite.
What's your evidence for this ludicrous claim?
No, he's helping the American worker. You on the other hand want to give away all our jobs to illegals.

Enough of your lies and hyperbole, fauxcahontis!
"Hyperbole" is an awfully big word for a bully--careful you don't strain your brain.
Fakeahontas says whaaaat?
And his message. Oh. Wait. He didn't give one. Too busy keeping his promises...

unfortunately, so has the democratic party. maybe not as grotesquely and egregiously, but same same.
@POTUS has done more for American workers in 8 months that BO did in 8 years. All Obama offered was welfare. You're not too bright are you?
You're bat s*** crazy Elizabeth
I said in a video "Do people actually hear the words coming out of there mouths" here you go..I think I called them insane Whackadoodles  

Princess Pocahontas heap big liar! 

Edited: @realDonaldTrump's record is clear: over and over, he puts the needs of American workers over those who came here illegally.
Except when he's hiring foreigners to do jobs in America !! You sir are delusional!
No ma'am, your ignorant! Big difference in illegals and foreigners
Once again, try to keep up! Legals ARE Americans!
If they were Americans we wouldn't put legal in the sentence!
I'm a legal immigrant. The difference is immense. We have PERMANENT legal status, because we were vetted B4 coming here & obeyed the laws.
And the dreamers have also been vetted and they were brought here through no fault of their own!
Funny I am an American worker and think he is doing a good job. Go flip some houses rip more people off. Pochahauntus
And the economy says....LIAR!  *Whonnt whaaa*
Do you realize your party is in shambles Pocahontas?
That's it Pocahontas.  Keep trashing Trump. Might as well. B/c your nasty political career is almost OVER! Buh-Bye Nasty Woman
You mean like those Vets you couldn't be bothered to support. But you will support an illegal alien. Got it, you speak with forked tongue
Surprisingly, America's workers seem to like him a lot.
Yes, no doubt certain workers like him. Especially those who dropped out in the 8th grade.
Your educational virtue signaling is backwards. Badge of honor for those who got to work quickly.
Badge of honor for early work, but not savvy in economics.
Just RN?
?
Apparently your brain doesn't move as quickly as your mouth.
As usual pocadishonest. Your mouth is moving lying ad usual
Lol! Says the leader of the party that regulated us to the point of non competition and highest unemployed numbers sense the 50s. #GTFOH
Nope...he's actually more concerned than Democrats are about American jobs...only thing Democrats care about is identity politics!
Which is killing them!! 

When are the company's coming back to US, starting with Trump's overseas companies #twofacedliarTrump
And the stock market soaring!  He's good for me!!
Anxious to see @SenWarren lose to a REAL Indian during the 2018 elections.
what an uplifting and unifying message to deliver on #LaborDay
Ppl for some reason are selective in who/what they believe in.45 has never been interested in 'the little guy'..lool at his prior history.
He is only looking out for himself and family oh yeah and those he owes . Putin puppet has to dance for those $$$.
Like his 3rd wife ? She still can't get her story straight . DAKA gone so all non indigenous people need to leave . Mexicans are indigenous.
Wrong,  tRump is the real liar
Amen!!!!!!!!! Fire Donald Trump asap!!!!
Too bad you don't live in reality.
Yo, Elizabeth - The results are in. 
But his base still supports him.
Except for the part where none of what you just said is true, you may have a point.
You mean like the new 1,000,000 workers in the labor force since his inauguration?
These Democrats on their pedestal
You people keep saying he hasn't been able to accomplish any meaningful legislation, yet now attack him on his "record"?
And what have you/your party done?  #NothingBurger
How bout leftist punches?
Endless taxes, hordes of illegals, libtards blaming us for everything, and assault on constitutional freedom?
Wow what are you talking about?
Name one.
Trump cares more about American workers than any of the Senate does. Go take another vacation and leave the hard work to the prez #NotIndian

You have a problem with Indigenous people bot? We accept all races but not racist .
Double speak at its finest
You couldn't be more wrong. The first step to getting help for your mental illness @SenWarren is to admit that you need help. #NeedsMeds
Huh? Have you lost your mind there Pocahontas?
Somebody took loony Liz's meds again!
NAME ONE you can't
hmmm....they are upset because they'd prefer getting unemployement benefits - rather than working a good job?
Actually president Trump is helping workers.
Made my day #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Not to us...to lying politicians.
What are you smokin lady....
Warren - you are clear you care more about illegals and the vote than you do about US. Citizens/time for new blood in the political arena
Hes doing whats right for the American People, question is why arent you?
You have GOT to be off your rocker lady! What planet are you living on? If you're delusional on this, you're really not with the program!
NOIZE
Go promote your book Elizabeth Warren!
So America First, American workers first is bad? Oh he wants ILLEGALS & open borders to lower wages for Americans! Wait that's you!
No...Not America's Workers...ILLEGAL ALIENS!!  Get it Right! Let em Dream in Their own country! We have American Kids who Dream, too!
What parallel world is this crackpot living in? She wants to give your job to an illegal & tax to death those who hire. Don't believe her.
The best sucker punch it's on its way to you next election by @va_shiva victory.  We are ready to replace you dear! MAGA LOVE OUR @POTUS
You have wrong POTUS there Just as you had wrong race, now you try to be a Baptist when will you claim to be LGBT for votes? .@steph93065
And you ma'am, are totally ignorant on creating jobs and that's how you support American workers. Give it a rest! Your still on the war path
Anyway, don't worry peeps. Trump won't be in charge for long now.
Hmm. So how does that explain why there are tons of new jobs out there?
Like Waters I think you're mixing him up with Bush or probably Obozo!
Get some meds and GO TO BED!
And now he's bragging on Twitter he's got a 'big week coming up'
You mean by creating jobs and having them go to work?? Go away.
Said Fauxcahontas...

You're wrong as usual.

By eliminating DACA, Trump just created 800k Jobs for American Citizens.... HAPPY LABOR DAY!!
A Sucker Punch is when someone's guard is down and isn't looking to get hit, then gets a blind sided punch from someone. Dems punch Trump!
#DACA is NOT A LAW, never was. I suggest you get off your butt and DO YOUR JOB- you have 6 mo. 
Get a job Ms. Warren.
Which workers are you ralkung about. Citizens or those taking those citizen's jobs?
Elizabeth, Pinocchio Pocahontas, you are the queen bee of suckers.
? What?
Will you please shut up!!!
Litzy- would you call the police if a stranger was sitting on your couch when you got home & told you to hand over your wallet? Same thing
Illegals are "breaking and entering" the USA, and "burglarizing" entitlement funds meant for citizens. Identity theft is rampant. CRIMINAL
#pocahontas just actin like everything is cool and she isn't a fraud. Too funny.
Didn't you lie about being an Native American to get that seat at Harvard? That's a tad greasy, no?
#FollowWarrensMoney
Would that be like lowest unemployment in years? More ppl in workplace? Fewer ppl on food stamps? Would it be highest consmr conf in 7 yrs?
Going down already . Wait until WalMart eliminate all cashier jobs. Wow I see Lego is firing a ton of employees .Obama's wave is nearly gone
Can't wait for you to be unsealed..it's coming @va_shiva
Shouldnt you be checking your Indian princess privilege or something?
Take your meds, Pocahontas.
Thanks Fauxahontas
Cannot comprehend who or what your supporters are, but if they were more like Texans than Nor'Easters, you'd be on your reservation!
They aren't American. By federal code, they're illegal aliens. You should check our laws now and then
Wrong.  The punches are delivered to the lazy lowlifes who contribute nothing to society while those of us who pay taxes pay for it.

Elizabeth does the sucker punches says her lies then Runs away so she doesn't have to answer. Typical democrat
We have to pray and we have to fight.  We have to be on the side of right!
Yep. That U12, consumer confidence and GDP are a real punch to everyone. Laughable.
He's going to bankrupt your country because to world is going to shun him and turn their backs to the United States.
WRONG! The American worker is thriving. Employment is UP in black & Hispanic communities. The only ppl losing jobs are illegals. #Perfect
You mean He has took away the freebies and is calling on everyone to earn their living and control their emotions and do their part! 
This is you and your party's fault. Don't forget Obama and his pen!
Nothing like the sucker-punch you delivered to @BernieSanders by not endorsing him, and by not doing so before Mass! The 99% doesn't forget.
Yeah its real bad that there is heaps of new jobs in usa.Stock market booming and donald donating 1mill dollars to help texas. What you done
Is he really donating money? Last time he said that he never followed through . Don the con fooled America again as Obama's wave ends .
ILLEGALS ARE NOT AMERICAN WORKERS. THOSE OF US WHO ABIDE THE LAW ARE AMERICAN WORKERS. ABIDE BY THE LAW SENATOR OR GET OUT OF OUR HOUSE
Are you Native American Indian? Anything you say is absolute joke!
But America's workers love it.  They still want to give the puncher another chance to punch still harder.
You don't even know what an American worker is! 
SIT DOWN ...
Bull!
Lowest unempl. since Clinton, million new jobs, record-breaking market (my 401k is looking amazing) just waiting on my 5% tax rate.
What kind of Indian  are you!
Trump has put the ball in your court now. I bet you foul out.

Were u wearing The family headdress when u issued this declarative silliness. Squaw need to speak with non-forked tongue
Not the legal ones.  We've been prospering since he was sworn in.  Finally have hope for the first time in 8 years!
Good God @SenWarren you are incredibly ignorant and foolish
On what planet do you live? Not #maga
Trump and his cronies spend more time on delusional pursuits than creating jobs. The rich survive, but the poor are neglected.
#cookoo
Y dnt u speak w facts & evidence? Otherwise it screams "IM POCAHANTAS & WILL SAY JUST ABT ANYTHING IF IT BENEFTS ME POLITICLLY OR PERSONLLY"
All evidence to the contrary.. Perhaps you meant to say "Democtats record is clear..." Then your tweet makes sense..
He's delivered one sucker punch after another to America and her strongest allies.
Scrapping TPA will save millions of union jobs.  You could at least say thank you Elizabeth.  The unions already have.
Trump supports Americans. You support your pocketbook.
You keep coming out with these asinine derogatory remarks about Trump but you NEVER back them up with a single fact.
Please share far and wide.
He's the only politician out there putting AMERICANS to work. Hard concept to understand for someone who gets paid to do nothing.
I never expected him to benefit anyone except rich white men.  So far the orange shitgibbon has not disappointed me!
