
TWEET AND RETWEET.
Only the most trustworthy news for you.
CBS BOSTON
Warren is a sellout. Of course she would lose.
Makes me sad as a Democrat to see people like her try to represent
Sadly that is the case for 99% of democrats. The party is a cesspool.
Fight? Why did she refuse to prosecute Mnuchin?
TWEET AND RETWEET.
Oh, http://brietbart.com , eh?
ETrump admits Mar-a-lago  to make $8 million each year selling access to 45

Yeah Michael, that's not quite how it works but keep at it.
Your fight against American citizens? No thanks. But we citizens will RESIST your hatred and senility. 

.
No, the fight against Trump's war on decency and the Constitution. Please read a newspaper.
When has a radical liberal ever cared for the Constitution? And decency died when Obama told his zombies to bring guns to fights.
The Founding Fathers were "radical liberals" Read a history book sometime.


that would be fine with out the insults, embarrassing reading moments and treason... it's fine
The mental slavery continues ... bondage to the Democratic Party. MWU
@HillaryClinton @starfirst #Veterans #Law NRA TeaParty Politician Hiding & No Town Hall? No Problem https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resources-2/2017/2/12/missing-members-of-congress-action-plan …
Start thinking about Americans!  Illegals have no rights here Period.
you war on common sense.
You are both fantastic!  Thank you and get Sessions OUT! @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
what fight, how to love all other people, but us Americans!!!
2 badass women!!!
No thank you, just another owing their allegiance to the UN.
---Is that what you are supposed to be doing if you are working ?
you are awesome @SenKamalaHarris is as bad as Trump. She doesn't care about whites. Black person used my identity KH let it go.
It's a shame when a new member like Ms Harris gets swooped down on by a bitter, old battle-axe like Warren.
Done. I was raised in MA where my family is and I live in CA. You both are my heroes, keep up the great work.
that sums it up nicely.
MENTOR HARRIS  TO HAVE THE COURAGE TO DO HER JOB. SHE HAS TO CALL THE MEDIA AND MAKE NOISE. #russiagate
I wished Hillary had A large enough pair of Ovaries to make you her 2016 Vice Presidential choice &I could still ovoid Trump's reality on TV
CA is going down the tubes W current PoliticiansGov Brown,Garcetti,Waters! Allr loosers! #VeteransoverIllegals
Two old broads looking to hen peck their way to the top of the liberal pile.
No Lizzy we don't want to join your cult.
Elizabeth Warren takes payoffs from corporations to act like she cares about our problems. She doesn't.
highly level of stupidity per square inch reached.
o gee more crap
#2020
Have you guys ever thought of running for President/Vice-President?
done
That's ur problem right there. Stop fighting and start working toward what the  American people voted for.
don't follow @SenWarren pretending to be #Progressive when it doesn't count caving when it does
#ElizabethWarren phony #Propaganda help from Mitch McConnell creates false #Progressive image betrays #Grassroots http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-makes-me-scream.html … 
Thanks to you both for your commitment to public service. @DrFollins1
God help us she's a clone of you.
I did it for you, her and us as nasty women!
congrats sister senator-
Done!
ok
These ladies are making selfies look even better.Strong, smart, honorable, fearless! 
My friend & colleague @SenKamalaHarris has a new Senate twitter account! Follow her now to join our fight. 
Done and I LOVE her already!!! 
Your fight against America?
#StopPruitt
I can't believe you do nothing but bitch all day long
 . DO SOMETHING PRODUCTIVE!
join the fight?  What fight?   Do you job and Make America Great Again!
Twitter has chosen to block by account-guess I've called the president a MORON too many times!
congrats  Kamala  Harris we have a friend in Washington n we will be behind  u all the way stand up to the  GOP
We the People will not listen to him please keep us informed and fight for our rights against this crazy man!!
Ask her why he refused to prosecute Mnuchin.
correction: "she". Ask her why she refused to prosecute Mnuchin.
you are less popular than Trump in your own state, probably better for her not to join you in anything.
Join your fight?  I thought politicians were elected to represent all constituents. Bring it on we are ready!!!
Roger that 
Wow, Fauxchahantas made a Comrade...
done
Hate to be all "femminine femminist" on ya.....but that purple suit is FABULOUS on you, dear!
Done!
will do!
ok senators. Watching "press conference." He is certifiably insane with paranoia. Just dont give him a gun!
done! Let's #stopGOPcorruption #ImpeachTrump
2020 presidential ticket I hope! #WarrenHarris2020
WBUR poll that found  LESS THAN 1/2  of MA voters don't want Warren to run for reelection.Don't Donate to her!
Bilateral libtards #altleft #alisnkyites
NO thanks you liar sure wish I could lie and get free stuff for it then have everyone not mention it Pocahontas
both awesome women!!
There is no fight. You fools lost the fight in Nov. and you don't even know why.
Go ladies. Russian ties must be exposed, however high they go. That is JOB ONE.
count me out. 
Signed, #TrumpDemocrat
senator Pocahontas
Followed and retweeted! Don't stop fighting! Dems in FL are with you!
Kamala you are going to need to watch out so that the vampire @SenWarren sinks her teeth in. Prayers for you.
please run 2020!  You ladies will be great for this country.
@boundry19 @SenKamalaHarris 
.@SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris Fight. You should be seeking cooperation. Fight? That is a horrible attitude.
Good to see another Senator who has actually supports and defends the US Constitution. Can U teach Sen Rubio?
Welcome Senator Kamala Harris!
They had the Tea Party...we have the #WeParty. The people's party!
When can we get student loans and interest under control before it crushes us all!
Yahoo!!  Keep up the good fight!
Sooo much badass in one picture.
at your request, absolutely.
Medicare for all/Medicare buy in would start to get the progressive message out again and mess up Ryan a bit
this would be an excellent time to cosponsor a universal health care bill. It wouldn't pass but offering a
You ladies should really meet @zilevandamme ... A young South African political leader...
fight yall so sick and will not be relected
I'm proud of you  !
Trump and his minions have become a risk to national security. When will the impeachment begin?
Run Sen Harris as fast as you can from Pocahontas. She needs to get back to her dung pile and be persistent.
there should be no fight. Support the president we elected and maybe something will get done in Washington
This is the sweetest pic.
You are our voice! Thank you!
Ok, Sen. Warren. I  will.
We really need to you accuse 45 of #treason .
keep fighting for us!
I would like to hear Warren say even just positive  one thing Warren has done for Ma ? I got nothing
Lizzy that is not good for the Senator to be with you. We see how your association with Hillary went
President Trump back to speaking to the people directly. No more through your allies the press and media!
fight how about work to better America Pocahontas.
this makes my heart so happy
Are you aware of the Chinese copyright issue? Clear breach of the emoluments clause and grounds for impeachment.
What a shame we have such worthless manure in the Senate!
pop the cork on that bottle of whoop-ass, ladies!
I did, and told her you would advise her on dealing with trolls. lol
done. Keep up the great work Senators!
thanks for the heads up
I smoked a pack of American Spirit Cigarettes.  Is that you on the label Pocahontas?
Go Liz Go!!!
love you both!
say no to HJ resolution 69
Done, the GOP has gone too far to the right. We are in a civil war.
Aye! Carry on the great work, Ladies. You have our blessings &support.
I couldn't find her. I'm a die-hard liberal, so surely I'm not already blocked!
keep persisting Senator Warren. 100% behind you!
Just like Jezebel in the Bible, you & your tribe will be soundly destroyed!
You both are fighting to help Putin bring down our goverment. You are puppets of Soros & Podesta. Shame on you!
If she had chosen to prosecute Steve Mnuchin then I might.
@apwriter @SenKamalaHarris Already did it and I'm not even a Californian.
now now get back to work :)
if she is a friend of yours, she must be a beauty, Liberals are so hateful.
Tweedle-Dum and Tweedle-Dumber.
yay! You are both awesome nasty women!
Coast-to-coast Dream Team!
Oh I didn't know she is now a U.S Senator, well good for her.
Only the easter bunny wears purple all the time.
dream team 2020
the power of women
I think we learned 1 thing from this disaster and it's how much social media has impacted Americans UGH
Show her how it works, Sen. Warren! You *both* rock!!
she is my Senator! I voted for you Kamala!  We are in this to win it
:you are both incredible. Thank you.
fauxcahontas from the Lieawatha tribe!!
Just followed her. Thanks
Stand Up Stand Strong your constituents will keep on pushing #ImpeachPresidentBannon
I love when two minorities can come together and bury the hatchet...........
Warren your vouch for her. I said ok and will follow. Thanks for the tip.
I am now following Sen Kamala Harris. Thank you for the info. Elizabeth. Ln
yes! Thank you!!! I've been waiting for her official account!!!
What are we fighting? .synonymous with Dem obstructivism?  US cits prefer elected get along and advance change.
Two of my heroes!
two of the best
Followed! Ignore the little trolls crying out. They're trying really hard to float a sinking ship.
girls rule!
Thank you to both for fighting so hard for us. #2018PaybackIsFemale#ImpeachTrump#ResistanceInPittsburgh
THICK AS THIEVES- WARREN backed CLINTON knowing  America was being PUNKED;
Keep making us proud, ladies!!
Ladies ?THICK AS THIEVES- WARREN backed CLINTON knowing  America was being PUNKED;
DONE. Thank you Senator Warren.
Your strength in politics & democracy & truth means so much. TY
Truth? hahahhhhaa  WARREN backed CLINTON knowing  America was being PUNKED;
my two favorite senators in one pic! We need more smart, strong women in government. Thank you for all you do
Welcome!
Now THERE'S a winning ticket!!
done!
why didn't kamala Harris prosecute Mnuchin's Bank?  Good article from The Intercept.
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 @Mooncatadams #Veterans In Case You're Wondering WHY NRA TeaParty RUSH to Suppress Future Votes
YES! YES! YES! IMPEACH Trump And Pence Today!
Done!
Thank you I had her old account, keep strong & persist!
kamala youbsealed your fate letting warren oseb
Both of you give me hope. I'm from Cali born and raised. Thanks for all your hard work and perseverance.
I sent a request to follow months ago and it's been pending since.  I live in CA and voted for her.
do not confirm Gorsuch. Demand Independent Prosecutor t investigate WH Russian ties
How
learn how to be a first-class criminal, and liar you will.
@prairielive @SenKamalaHarris You both rock!
We are ready to fight to take our country back,20 million voters have all the power..we just have to show them how to use it
Can this please be the Democratic ticket in 2020?
this is what we pay for America. Honestly I did same but I was not disruptive and disrespectful. Sorry
followed. GO GET 'EM, Senators!!
what are we doing to secure the 2 senate seats that are coming up, can't drop the ball
http://usherald.com/watch-alveda-king-just-berated-elizabeth-warren-imbecile/ …
C'mon pocahontas Sie wütend lol Trumpf das Beste hahahaha
