Kinda sounds like the Patriot Act. The government failed to protect you, noe they demand you give up your rights. Hmmm.
Extort victims to fix their grievous failure to secure important personal data? What toasted cheese sandwich let this be legal?
More like cyber security gave false sense of security to a corporation don't think Equifax was at fault no more then a brake or airbag failn
Credit Freeze should be mandatory for everybody, AND FREE!
My friend says it's $10 to freeze them & $10 to unfreeze
They caused it = free!
That would be so cool right?!?! They won't bc their assholes.
http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/08/investing/equifax-stock-insider-sales-hack-data-breach/index.html … not to mention their execs just broke the law in a huge disgusting way #LockThemUp #equifaxbreach  Please, justice!
Another example of big business and wall street getting away w/ everything. #so sick
And execs sold shares before telling us this.
Dems r the biggest crooks who watch out 4 themselves. Y do u think they have no intentions to change ANYTHING IN OVOMIT CARE CUZ THEY DON'T
Use it. They have the best of the best and WE R PAYING FOR THEIR TREASON N THIEVERY
GET RID OF THEM
Start paying 4 some of ur own crap.stop with constant unwarranted raises. Pay 4 ur own medical n retire at 70.  We need Congress that cared
Says the lying #pocahontas
Equifax is facing a long struggle with actions to their long earned reputation. They are in doodoo and will do anything to get out.
Maybe you should've stood by Bernie instead of cowardly and egomaniacally running to Hillary where she sabotaged Bernie and elevated Trump.
No way. Equifax must pay. Citizens with time & money, pls. file a class action suit to benefit all of us victims!
... How can you say that when you often demand freedoms be given up? You fail to protect USA citizens on the daily.
Seems odd all these problems only started under OVOMIT.  HMM WHEN U DEMS HELPED WITH THAT PROBLEM. Y DON'T U ALL DO YOUR CONTRIBUTION
Actually if you read it, that's not true.
Lizzy, quit tweeting and do something about it!
According to their FAQ, the waiver does not apply to this breach. Is this true, @SenWarren ?
What do we expect? If our president can be croooked, why can't #Eqifax?
I'm glad you acknowledge that Obama was crooked.
Never came out of my mouth. Good effort on twisting. #alternativefactoids
Well I learned from @cnn. They have it mastered!
Actually, OMB lost millions of records for security clearance holders w/even more sensitive personal information. China has them.
That was under obama.
They changed the verbage. You no longer sign away your rights.
Free phones for dopeheads. They have like 3 per person. Waste of my tax money.
Equifax should be charged criminally for failing to safeguard our info.

You are part of the swamp. Once trump get immigration restored there will be no more votes for the Lefty's
Wht do these credit bureaus have all our info. I feel violated, only I should have that info. I am tired of big business screwing us
Hey chicken little!
I finally agree with you for once Senator!
Fix it!!!
I want the insider trading looked at
Senator Warren I say every American can 1 time reset their credit score and then maintain.   It would so help so many people
Please ban non-government entities from asking for social security numbers. They were never intended to be used this way in the first place.
How else are you going to look up credit, though?
The same way it's done in other countries. Notice Canadians were not affected by the #EquifaxDataBreach
What ID do you provide instead in Canada?
Photocopies of any two approved forms of ID. SIN (Canadian version of SSN) is not required.
How does this work for people who don't have access to photocopiers? That seems like a lot of hoops for less affluent people
The thing about SSN is that every citizen has one -- other IDs require money and time
I wish we didn't have computers in our life.why can't we go back to when we just had Texas instrument calculator's.
Better cause: roll back laws that enable third party arbitration clauses in EVERY user agreement.
You know she's talking about logging into their website w the last 6digits of your social?your legislative ideas might work better via email
A policy email will cost ya $20  #NeverSayNoWithoutANumber
All 3 bureaus should cease reporting until everyone can be cleared from this breach.  When was the system compromised, any clue yet?
Sometime between mid-May and July, according what I've read.
Mid-May or June?!  Absolutely unacceptable.
The industry is spawning parasitical companies offering "free" access to your own credit report. Their data protection standards are poor.
Hubby was victim. If you sign up for protection you wave all rights of arbitration and lawsuits against them if you do. #readfineprint
How do we know if we were a victim?!
https://trustedidpremier.com/eligibility/eligibility.html … know if you sign it you wave your right to arbitration! #ReadFinePrint!
and hows that Trump vote working out for you?
Stupidest thing? If you do decide to sign up, they want your credit card info. On their site. The one they can't protect. JEEZ!
So much for consumers protection!
Sounds like an Indian giver.
Shot them down. Lock them up!
Wondering what's your angle here...like you care about ppl's privacy..remember...
I didn't built it...hmm..
#BigGovernmentsNoAnswer
@terri_georgia @Equifax Also, remind them we aren't their customers. We are their hostages. #Equifax
Of course they do. Why would they want to be held accountable for a service they provide. #scoundrals
We need new SSN. PUtin must be behind this
They control what happens next
And its so hard th get them to correct your CR when they make a mistake
sounds jUst like the DNC and all your lies. REPLACE THEM ALL
THE ONLY POSITIVE THING YOUR DOING LETS SEE HOW FAR YOU GET LIKE THE OTHER THINGS YOU STARTED
CRAZY people, crazy policies have no business with so much control over millions personal data. They might as well be a mob with torches!
I don't understand what gives them the right to have our information.
Equifax sucks,them put a derogatory remark, demanded them 2correct this but up 2this date no correction done,planning 2sue them #LockThemUp
Evil is the only word I can think of to describe this decision by Equifax.
Buy your own identity protection and Sue the Bastards
And executives unloaded their stock before telling of breach? Insider trading charges I hope
i know i'm on the list for the class action FOR SURE! @Equifax
And executives dumped stock before revealing theft of data. Lock them up. #Equifax
shame Obama wasn't president, he'd state Equifax is to big to fail... #allthesame
I'd love to know how you're going to deal with this, Sen. Warren.
Just rename @Equifax to EquiFux and be done with it.
@GetWisdomDude @Equifax I know, this sucks!
So why didn't EW bring this up BEFORE it happened? Terms & conditions have been on record for years. Seems like EW is kinda pimping this.
If corporations are people, this whole mess ought to be a capital offense.
Sounds like extortion to me..
Crazy....
SENATOR THESE COMPANIES AS TIME PROGRESS THEY SHOULD ALWAYS REINVEST IN NEW AND BETTER TECHNOLOGY!
This is #FALSE, @SenWarren. MUST you spread lies? Jesus. Read a fucking newspaper for God's sake.
What should be done....you want to take it over (govt)?
they probably asked the DNC how to protect their data.
No one, not even govt can protect stored data. Let's stop pretending that anyone can
You can't even keep DNC emails from being hacked. Don't throw stones. #hypocrite
And they act like a year long subscription is adequate. Should be for life.   Plz pursue and investigate the CEO and leaders who sold stock

And the fact that 3 execs sold 2 million$ of shares days after they discovered the breech. MFs
Where do I get on board for this lawsuit. I check my credit every month and found I lost nearly 100 points off my credit. I'm very mad. Help
Searching @Equifax website to find out if  your info was compromised also waives your right to be part of class action suit. Shame!
It's absurd.
Teach people conservative principles of not going in Debt. And you can kiss this away.
Sounds like someone needs some.... REGULATING!
Who protected Clinton's e-mails
The US Gov needs to take a closer look credit bureaus. People live and die by their hand. They have too much power.
Went to life lock last night to try and save myself! Can we get new SOCIAL SECURITY # if half of population is in Jepordy( damn it can't spe
Thanx for speaking out! The evening news came up went directly to Equifax signed the damn paper but didn't find the list where my name may b
I don't agree with @senwarren or some issues but her view on this seems spot on.
If there are 3 credit reporting agencies & they're not a monopoly, consumers should be allowed to opt out of use of 1 agency when credit run
If consumers could choose other agencies-not Equifax, then real time market force consequences would create safer company practices for all.
Wow, Doesn't this sound familiar? Mrs.Warren maybe you should be preaching this to http://Hillary.How  about damage from Hillary?
@Equifax senior managers need to be investigated and prosecuted now!!
As American's we should resist giving this power to a company. #Resist
How can we fix this?
@SenWarren the pot calling the kettle black.
Is it true that @Equifax executives cashed out their stocks a few days before this breach became public?
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/08/549434187/3-equifax-executives-sold-stock-days-after-hack-that-wasnt-disclosed-for-a-month …. Oh yes, yes it is.
Disgusting! They should be investigated for trading fraud or something. See they know.
AND they aren't waving fees to freeze your credit report?!  Unconscionable--I hope it hurts them in the coming lawsuits. #equifaxbreach
If there's any justice they will be forced out of business and people will go to jail.
Senator Warren please give us a list of explicit steps to take to protect ourselves. Please be SPECIFIC
At least you're not claiming to be an American Indian
Yeah but at least They don't claim to be an American Indian and actually dress up like one do you know such a creep?
???????
We must protect the CFPB!!!
Its been several months. Are there any known ID thefts. Perhaps its all a scam to sell ID protection. LifeLock seems to be happy about it.
What is congress going to do about this? Who is going to stand up for the American people?
Ok Sen Warren is on the case. Please tear them a new one and help us lower their score for this error.
There ought to be a LAW, @SenWarren
It's you and your colleagues job to come up with modern security standards and impose them.Id methods are from the 40's!
Can we sue ?
You're the senator, Do something about it!
Pls investigate entire industry including all online credit monitoring sites. They are not doing enough. Too easy to sign up & gain access.
Yeah, agreed. But, so does the federal government. Want to do something? Use your power to create a bill disallowing credit agency abuse.
There should be a law against such neglect!
Then LIZ nail em to the wall instead of tweeting about it. Regular citizens can't BUT you're @SenWarren so FIX IT, instead of yammering.
Less records better
I never gave permission to collect and store that data.  How can I be forced to give up legal rights for their failure to protect?
That is messed up on so many levels.
Our personal data collected without authorization is unacceptable.  Failing to secure it compounds that.  Add no notification.  Immoral.
And don't redact your SSN when you fill out the required form. #Equifax #BasicInfoSec
GO GET EM' ELIZABETH 
DEFENDER OF THE REALM 
DON'T CHA JUST LOVE EM'
U BETCHA!!!
"WE THE PEOPLE"
Well do something for once in your hopefully last year in office
Kinda like voting Democrat...bye bye constitutional rights
What can congress do to protect us?
@Equifax are the worst. @Experian are better. Equifax.UK linked some of my dad's accounts to me, one I apparently took out at 5 years old

Why are they not providing all people affected by this breach identity theft protection?!? What a sham - true colors showing
I agree with the outrage aimed at Equifax. I would like some energy put into the root problem of the use of social security as an ID.
too bad Congress is too busy protecting corporations to put in place actual consumer protections.
Watch Trump hire them to head the SEC
So what are YOU going to do about it beside complain as usual???  Please do something instead of complaining all the time. Waste of time
@SenWarren They recently updated their page to clarify that section of TOU does not apply to this incident.
Thanks to all who brought this to everyone's attention so the right call could be made. Glad they cleared up terms of use for this breach.
It's not right.
This is why we need a Consumer Finance Protection Agency.Wonder why @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP are so determined to kill the funding for it?
People should go to jail over this
There must be a way to file a class action suit against @Equifax! I'm not accepting a video apology while my info is in ? hands. @equifax
Next, they'll be rewarded with positions in the Trump cabinet. #swindlers
Dismantle the corrupt credit bureaus. Let's regulate them into the ground.

A close reading of Equifax’s statement about its massive data breach: http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2017/09/08/a_close_reading_of_equifax_s_statement_about_its_data_breach.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … via @FutureTenseNow
If the government won't protect our rights and property why should we expect a corporation part of the biggest scam in history do so?
Case in point. How can you even say an individual owns their home when you pay annual property taxes on it or you seize the property?
Or, if you ever have to fix yours...way too much power there! Another sign of credit out of control and how regular people are powerless
And the Execs who sold their stock ahead of announcement? Expose them, charge them w/ insider trading. Did they think they'd get away w/ it?
4 2 months b4 notifying us, the CEO's were selling off stock & making big money!  I will not sign up 4 their protection.  I will sue!
Investigate them. Prosecute  them.
Class action time!
America's huge corporations really control the government & all of us...They pay off/bribe lawmakers to pass laws that are in THEIR favor...
WTH
Does this mean Equifax Executives will soon have key roles and cabinet positions in the Trump Administration? The swamp into the White House
Hey Elizabeth.  Do something about. Aren't you a politician? Make moves please.
Thanks for the pressure. They caved.
WHAT CAN WE DO? I'm a constituent; I may be a victim here. What can we possibly do?
It's our personal identity in grave risk and in limbo.  It's a violation of the "Public Trust;" where is our due process in all of this????
Equifax. Yet another story that proves the fallacy of the #GOPWhine, "Run America Like a Business." #VoteOutGOP #RESISTANCE
They've been judging us our whole lives. Screw them.
The 10k report list ceo. Directors etc. Publish it. Remove all Tax breaks,. Bring the giant to it's knees.
How do I even find out if my information has gotten out?
And they charge $5 to protect yourself against their malfeasance! (i.e. freeze your credit)
Congressional investigation!  Now!
I think @Pogue is contradicting this (?)
Yes, Equifax is a scary disaster. But signing up for the free credit protection does NOT waive your right to sue! https://www.equifaxsecurity2017.com/enroll/  
Looks like a change in response to outrage
Which is why @CFPB is so desperately necessary and shouldn't be limited
And to add icing on the cake executive s sell Stock before announcing! WTF!
I don't think so.....
#LockThemUp
#InsiderTrading
Normally you can't be made to sign anything that gives up your rights.
Ummmm...no.
Raise money for #hurricane relief.  Hold Senate hearings with @Equifax execs and @SenWarren and sell the broadcast on Pay Per View!
The website says that they are not requiring you to give up legal rights
They R a bunch of crooks they knew about the breach and the big executives sold shares! Now they are playing dumb like they didn't know! BS
CROOKS
@JFitz806 @Equifax How can that be legal? Shouldn't they have a legal responsibility to keep the information they hold safe?
Huh?
Putin did it.
That is wrong on every level.
So tell us what are you going to do about it!! They're criminals !
And then they try to dupe you into paying for unneeded credit monitoring services because of their screwing up!
Extortion to pay to lock my own identity down. It's my identity. Extortion!
Fixed right?
Sounds like most corporations 
