So @SenWarren again you share this shocking news but what are you doing about it? Your rhetoric implies you have no power.. #DoSomething
It's pretty crazy that insurers are primarily motivated to not insure.  Confused.
Let them pull out
Force them to go non-profit.
Then why, exactly, would they be in business? Other than being "tax free"
There's being in business and earning a healthy profit and then there's Anthem with their CEO making $16M in 2016 asking for more.
Don't like Anthem, don't buy Anthem. It's that simple. I don't buy GM because they took bail out money. Consumer control, not government.
I agree with you in black and white terms and quietly boycott several brands for various reasons, but there's a lot of gray to healthcare.
The next time you go to see a healthcare provider, ask to see the bill. Not just yoyr Co-pay part, but part they stick to Ins. Co.
I always do. I've also worked in the industry, so I know if what I speak, and how it needs to change.
I'm thinking not.
Maybe showing how greedy these fat cats are may change public perception?
everytime i think about how f*ed up insurance cos are it makes me see RED. take profit out of america's health care! greedy low lifes.$$$$BS
I feel the same way 
so now this is about the 3d time we all have to be freaking out and worrying bout it. the ceos makin' so much $ it is insane. INSANE.
Yes 
Do not succumb to insurance company threats.
Time to investigate our for profit Health Insurers. Sure their CEO'S keep multi-million dollar paychecks!
What exactly would you accuse them of doing? Making money?
Ripping off the public. Extortion 
#chickenshit
If a CEO of a company is making $20Mil & worker is making $9.50hr, someone is getting SCREWED. . . & that wld B the CONSUMER & WORKER~!~
Why do you think they are paying the CEO $20m? Because tbe board if Dire tours just want to make him rich?
Your bot-ness showing. Brush up on Grammer/Spelling before you reply.
#grammar not grammer
Sounds like a company after Trump's hear The!
Thank you Senator Warren for calling out these thieves.
Medicare is most popular & most successful program in the federal government. But you keep being happy about others' struggles, Cancerguy.
Medicare is most successful? Are you insane? It's practically bankrupt. What help? Ask the community, your Neighbors, not the government
Another right winger who knows nothing about Medicare except what Alex Jones and Faux News tells him.
Who is Alex Jones? You really have bought into the idea that government knows how to spend your money better than you do have you?
Learn about Medicare. You'll be using it someday. Speak to an old person.
I plan on being a responsible adult, planning for my future so that I don't have to participate in these government social programs.
You keep thinking that.
they were correct to do that
@SenWarren You seem very willing to speak about injustices as if you have no power to influence them. #PartOfTheUltraWealthy #CorruptSenate
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
Good for them ! NowLiz, why don't you go find a real job !
This is your fault
And this was 9 years after you the democrats bribed them into participating in ObamaCare with "profit corridors"?
Single-payer is the way forward.
Because tbe government is so good at running the other Healthcare programs. Heard of Medicare, Medicaid and the VA?
Yes I've heard of them and they all work to help their recipients.
And how are doing so far? (asks the guy using VA medical)
This is how the new arrivals to America do business as well as governs. We were doing just fine before you go here from the western caves.
Help!# Sex trafficking. My granddaughters. Hell on earth
can we see the note?  would be nice to get out publicly...
It is far beyond time to get rid of these rapacious for profit middle-men and institute the sanity that is medicare for all!
Maybe if we end the Trillion dollar plus wars and get rid of the current healthcare system that COSTS MORE than single-payer.
How about no for profit wars of aggression and nice little DEFENSE only budget, but hey way to employ adhominem and impune my character.
I really hope you never face a medical emergency in this the only nation not to guarantee healthcare, perhaps you need the lesson in empathy
Time to stop these insurance & drug giants
Why don't you save our got. Some money and  resign
Americans go bankrupt over healthcare, but insurance companies, pharma & rich get richer. Glad to see government working 'for the people'. 
It's certainly not "by the people" either.
Actual doctors disagree with you.
And outlaw the prescription med commercials-industry spends $24B a year on and adds to drug prices!!!
We outlawed cigarette and hard alcohol tv ads.  General public can't prescribe-no need for public ads.
Hard alchohol ads was self imposed by the industry. They are now advertising again. Like whisky with that chick from That 70's Show.
Not seen it? On cable?  No matter, no point to these ads but to create drug seekers and we all pay for it!
Love the number of ads on drugs on TV that tell you if you take them they could cause death as one of the side affects.
All those ads are inducing anxiety attacks across America & adding to price gouging practiced by Big Pharma!  We the People b4 lobbyists!
That's just not right. That's bribery.
More like blackmail or strongarming.
Or whitemailing.
It's about time health care was treated like a utility...a necessary service that should be available to all and non-profit.
Every who drives a car must have Insurance. Make Health Care a right and not a privilege #MedicareforAll
Your politicians do not have to have health insurance. They pass the laws making them exempt.
Isn't that extortion? And illegal?
This is why we shouldn't have are Health and well being in the hands of people who want to make a profit.
Government s want to make profit too. Just in a different way via salaries, expenses, etc.
I am terrified of govt having all control.
I don't totally disagree with you. Senate GOP wants to make money off of student loans so I agree some What.
Why is pulling out the solution for every GOP problem?
If only Trump's father had done so.
lolololol
SOUNDS LIKE THE THREATS TRUMP MADE ABOUT. GOING BANKRUPT AND WIPING OUT ATLANTIC CITY BANKERS WHEN HE WAS BUILDING CASINOS there40+yearsAGO
Good for them..
Make The Idiot fund 'BAMACARE, make LAW that ALL STATES extend MEDICADE~!~ Eliminate Insurance Companies & all the crooks that work for one.
American ppl should take a look at the enormous salaries of CEOs of insurance companies.That's where to problem is.
Greed, just Greed~!~
And this is the very reason why we need a business savy President
Insurance extortion
Election hacked
Traitorous meetings
Billionaire swamp rats
A Swindler, bully, and a pathological liar in our WH
Merica
We can thank @realDonaldTrump  and @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan trying to make the ACA fail ... Pure SCUM
Single payor and they can pull out of 50 states!
We need to put a stop to Big Pharma running our government!
Of courseObamaCare had absolutely nothing to do with them pulling out--all corporate greed. Right.
If they pull out of enough states they won't exist anymore to gouge the public!
This is why all corporations should operate under approval of US gov't. Violate basic tenants and lose permission to operate.
We are being held hostage by the corporation that are in 45's pocket. Shame @realDonaldTrump
They might as well cause the swamp can't pass any thing to help its people
Screw them go to a one payer system Snd bankrupt all of them
Liberalism at it worse. Just not politically correct.
That's why we need Medicare 4 All!
Just what D joker Tramp n republicans want so they say see we told you obamacare wouldn't work
Anthem BC in TN excluded and dropped my child from care in 2015 stating "schizophrenia wasn't a disability". Horrible!
Good for business, raises for employees,
You'd think they & others would be doing everything possible to #fixtheaca and help Americans. But because they aren't, #SinglePayerIsComing
VOTE ALL 23 DEMOCRATS THAT ARE UP FOR REELECTION. 23 IDIOTS OUT. WARREN, WATTERS, LEE, PELOSI, ALL THAT DIDN'T ATTEND TRUNPS INAUGURATION!!!
But Ms Warren, Obamacare is working so well.  You mean the insurance companies aren't making money.  Who would of thunk.
 ugh
This is insane
How about sending them a response: IMPLEMENT Single Payer HC in USA!!! It'll cost Less, better coverages, win-win for ALL.!
Congress! Change the law! And, remember the bigger they are, the harder they fall;so, giants might check their Achilles heels.
It's about time we take action against corrupt corporations and price gougers like @AnthemInc . Nobody is unbreakable no company too big
That is blackmail. Insurance companies rake in profits at our expense. We need Medicare for all.
Their CEOs must be looking at an end to their yearly bonuses.
@AnthemInc, care to comment?
Congress should immediately do an investigation into profits made by Insurance giants for price gauging as indicated by their monopolies.
Maybe we should get insurance companies out of the business of healthcare? Single payer!
When are you and the rest of @TheDemocrats going to start refusing donations from big Pharma and insurance companies and back single payer?

well tell them we don't need them anymore
We want Medicare for all & if they want a piece of that pie they better get in line!
this is one reason we need Medicare for all - corporate blackmail must stop
In this way with in the next generation everyone is covered
We need national healthcare each person starting at birth pays $60 month (parents) then child takes  over at 18 -  goes into pool to pay
Our #government bought and paid for by big #pharma at the expence of the poor and middle class. Thanks #representatives
Why does Obamacare allow insurance companies hold us hostage????
Capitalism is a greedy animal. Without goverment regs, there can be no level playing field.
Single Payer Healthcare
Insurance industry has always been corrupted
That is quite an arrogant request! Unlike the American people they are feeling powerful. Americans need first class representation. Thanks!
Who is more dangerous to the well-being of Americans, ISIS or Insurance Grifters?
Well, single-payer would take care of that problem.
This is bullshit!
Why is it their choice?
Can't we require them to participate if they want to do business in our country at all?
So Senator,  what are you going to do about it?
Nothing is free...Warren
Let's get the healthcare for all going and shut down that whole corrupt industry!!!!!
@twrdhome Can you say "single payer?"
That really works to Trumps advantage in tearing down ObamaCare. Hmm, coincidence?
If we dind
Not a ransom note, Liz! It's real!  IT MEANS CONGRESS MUST PASS TAX REFORM! LISTEN!
will never have universal healthcare until insurance and pharma reform! no one talking about it? r pockets to deep?
all citizens deserve equal health care! Should have done Insurance and Pharma reform simultaneously!Huge greed problem
Criminals all.
What do you expect insurance companies are in business to lose money
Scum!!!!!!! Greedy windbags!!!!! What? $16M isnt enough for their CEO annual salary?
single payer would fix that.
So where's our Teddy Roosevelt?
Insurance Companies run this country It's time congress does something to break up the monopolies that they have created they rob us blind
The Blackmail Age
Wow. Just wow! They seem worried.  They should be! #Medicare4All
SOUNDS LIKE BLACKMAIL. HEALTHCARE IS A NEED NOT A PRIVILEGE.
The proper response is to nationalize healthcare. No profit for the greedy corporations who stiff Americans
These middle men are a big reason health care costs so much
I have wondered when insurance companies would start their whining.  Wait til you hear from medical manufacturers and buying groups.
what tax cuts fior Elizabeth Warren and her congressional cohorts?
You and your cronies gave them that
Legalized extortion. Let's all have a good laugh next time we see their commercials airing telling us how much they care about our health.
Wow!
so why did you vote for them
How much does the CEO make? What was the profit margin?  Can we offer healthcare without them?
and who started the tax cuts - Oh wait OBAMA you and the DEMs! Government run healthcare ins is a loser no matter how you look at it
Blackmail like this is just the beginning if we proceed with a push for single payer.
Wth????
In other words, I'm sure they'll get it. Smh
Shitty insurance company, anyway.  Another reason for one payor set up.
Extortion greed and criminal negligence is what our White House is all about now.

Cut them loose
I bet the fix is, ding ding ding, more government control.
Someone should go to jail.
Inciting distrust.  Communist tactic
Let's talk about your real estate holdings shall we
Chief Say you speak with forked tongue.
Stay strong
Let them pull out
A good reason to have single payer.
@SenWarren thinks companies work for the government - Democrats have defended forced labor since like the 1800s.
Correction: They can't be sustainable in those states. There is a big difference, but how would you know? You never ran a business.
#repealandreplace
Then i guess they're new anthem can be not allowed to provide insurance in states they pulled out of.
thank you for the info.  i thought we didn't pay ransoms??  can we send in Seal Team 6 to stop these terrorists?
Warren is a communist.  Govt dictating how private business conducts business proves it.  Warren should legislate with putin
Good for anthem.  Repeal aca now
Capitalism must end at the hospital bedside ad the birthing bed.
Ransom note back, Medicare for all, no more medical insurance game
Screw the bloodsuckers at @AnthemInc! They've got some seriously bad karma/universal justice coming their ways.
Single payer
Send them a note back, saying that they can participate in all exchanges, or they cannot participate in any exchange.
That's because otherwise they will go BROKE and you will not even have an insurance company! WISE UP YOU IDIOTS Companies need to make money
#greedybastards
Even with "better than expected " profit due to govt programs? Greedy and dirty.
The closer we get to a single-payer system the better.
Exactly!This is why the whole healthcare system s needs to be rebuilt ground up! Healthcare should not be seen as a business but as a Right!
This is not Dem.or Rep it is officials in industry pockets. It is & has been & unless we have a massive change in reg. Nothing will happen
Its time gor this company to meet anonymous #LETITBEGIN
 this American is watching you insurance companies.
What else do you expect from a country that is controlled by an oligarchy of corporate elites. Your party is part of it. Your part of it.
Bertolini never wanted to be part of ACA. He is a greedy prick as well.
just another reason for Medicare for all! no more corporate fascism

Well aren't they ever so special, I would say NO TAX CUTS to anyone who tried to blackmail me

Let them, we can do better
Healthcare held hostage by big corporations!
Why do we allow these insurance companies make the decisions for our government. I would like to know how much and to whom they pay off
In campaign contributions
What are you gonna do about it Miss Daisy ?
Let them pull out and lose a huge pile of money.
Isn't that what you want, single payer? Why bother acting like this worries you anymore
People didn't get why Bernie wanted to take on these big institutions and they mess up or make demands and people are powerless.
When the pres says, "Let it fail" he sends a clear msg and Big HC is gonna try to play this card. We deserve lower $.
Insurance companies need to go down!!
@PrincessBravato @AnthemInc how much did anthem make last year ?????
Shocker
Let them pull out. Medicare for all could put them in the place they belong, obsolete!
Congress don't pay ransoms. They act like they're the only insurance game on town. Bye Bye Anthem!
so wrong A FAVOR FOR A FAVOR IT SOUNDS LIKE
Medicare has worked for decades. Needs tweaking, NOT CUTS! Expanding it makes more sense than starting from scratch.
The @GOP is owned by corporate money.  This is why they will never put America first.  They ARE NOT patriots.
Let them go. Let the market find us new underwriters. Oh, that would be more like a 'free market' approach. I forgot we don't have one.
Shame on them=American greed!American healthcare is for profit!We, the people don't want them!Like Europe, we first need govt to lower costs

OMG! Make it stop. We are defenseless in firing our government leaders. We are wide eyed with evidence yet, it continues to be subversive.
We'd be better off if we all pitched in to a @gofundme account.
Insurers answer ONLY to investors. Dooming ACA and they will doom every plan. Take it out of greedy greedy hands.
Greed is the basis of every decision insurers make. The system requires they make more $ for investors every year.
Yep. And we pay the bill
This has to be a crime. You won't get corporate compliance with US laws unless you prosecute them to the fullest extent.
Black mail
What? Isn't that EXTORTION? 
Simply despicable.  Greed, a deadly sin.
Don't let corporate gangsters rule us.
This is why people HATE insurance companies...so you don't want to do ur fucking job & insure people??? #fuckanthem
Audit them now!
Corporations as rich people.
Kiss off, Anthem.
Sounds like another argument for single payer/Medicare for all.  Hostage taking should not be rewarded.
Anthem sucks anyway.  It's like faux insurance
Cant wait to get #corporateAmerica out of #civicNeeds.
#Healthcare #NewsMedia #Prisons #Schools
They only paid 2% in 2016. How much lower do they want to go, ZERO ??  !!!
They paid 2% last year. Less in earlier years. What do they want ZERO taxes ??!!!
Get ' em.
Who gives a *¥$@? I can't afford ins anyway, so it doesn't much matter whether they're providing it or not. Current rates=extortion
All the more reason for a #SINGLEPAYER system. F the private insurance co's... put them out of business! #aca #healthcare #medicareforall
Single payer will give them something to think about!
Been saying all along that healthcare reform cannot be addressed without some overhaul of the insurance industry.
