Thanks for confirmation that the ACA is shitty policy.
So you're ADMITTING ACA was Brutal? go back to your Million dollar teepee.
People will die, but the rich will get a tax break, so there's that...
Just keep repeating "Rape as a pre-existing condition" there is no way to justify that - NONE.  #VoteNoAHCA
Being a woman is now a preexist
Yep. With the far-right and religious fanatics of all stripes, it always has been. Blaming us when we are raped now codified as pre-existing
Explain
Let them pass it.  It will guarantee that humpy dumpy will lose in 20' or if u just run :)
But the consequences will be devastating in the meantime. People with cancer can't wait until 2020.
But they're already doing things like defunding payments to insurers to guarantee OC implodes.
I know - isnt that against the "duty" of the president?  Its sad
ha. Even more brutal. Got cha
Brutal is having to listen to your faux princess remarks...#MOWAChoctaw you disgrace my Native heritiage
Just watched a Morning Joe video on it and it amounts to Republicans hate Americans.

Boy was I born in the wrong state for a left leaning citizen.  I love it where I live but not the state.
Lol
As the victim of a violent crime that disabled me, I feel betrayed by my government. What about my pursuit of happiness?
Sad to say but you're a woman and this country seems to hate women! I'm sick to my stomach and I will send up prayers for you
Yes it does, doesn't it. Prayers welcome. Pray for us all.
Pray that the snowflakes all melt away this summer. The future GOP health bill will be fantastic FOR ALL
Thanks for coming documented liar #pocahantas
Imbocel
So instead of obstructing everything, why don't you work together for the fucking people and make it better?  #termlimits
And they do not even know why!
Nothing could be worse than Obamacare...Its awful. Dems are so creepy.

The repeal & replacement of the ACA as it stands is an act of Terrorism. Period. #Ronan2018 #OurVoice #HealthCare http://ow.ly/kAF530br518 
As long as it makes  they don't really give a damn; however everyone  in Congress should have the same health insurance options as we do!
Absofuckinlutely!
Ahhh you stole my word although I can't use it very much anymore! Grandchildren 
So you're admitting that #Obamacare is brutal
Lies and more lies Lizzy.
I hope they all get Legionnaire's disease on the cruise.
Does your breath smell like bullshit?  Uhhhh, yes it does.
As brutal as Obamacare?
Why can't you give anything a chance? The American people need help! It looks like you can't compromise with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP, Bad!!
You are completely nuts and produce a lot of fake news.  You should resign.  You are an embarrassment to women.
So you are verifying OBAMACARE was  a disaster, and that this is an improvement over that debauch--right? GO away !
Yeah and it was brutal to start with right? Question are you one of the ten little indians I sang about in grade school?
We don't work for the govt. They answer to We The People. Simple stuff Warren, stop wasting our money on ppl overseas that hate America!
People are dying under Obama.  Have you read anything about the veterans who have died?
Pocahontas brutal is having to listen to you that's the definition of brutal
You dummies had a chance to vote for the first one now your cry  opportunity only knocks once
YOU WILL NOT BE FINED IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO HAVE IT, UNLIKE OBAMA CARE !
You're crazy as a Jaybird, Warren (sorry jaybirds)! Obama and your party left us bankrupted. Down with libs! Thank God for President Trump!
Perhaps the Democrats should have gotten behind replacing the collapsing Obamacare tax but you would rather sit on your thumbs. You're crazy
So are you saying you knowingly voted for a brutal healthcare bill and then opted out when you got the chance.  You must hate America.
Obama's plan is failing. How can you justify 6k plus deductibles? No insurance in many states. All lies to single payer gov Medicare. Fools!
Care to elaborate on specifics? What suggestions will you make to improve the bill when it hits the Sen?
Gotta throw it out with the Senate trash please!
Go away nutty Elizabeth
 You didn't even read the plan. Whacky Pocahontas Warren
What is your proof of that?  You offered the country a mess.  Then you offered no thoughtful solutions.  But, you still keep going with b.s.
All hardworking American Citizens will have better insurance.  Illegal aliens, drug dealers and the lazy, no insurance!!

@KharlieWarrior @HouseGOP shut up meg
STOP LYING
Kick all of them off insurance period
But they kept it for themselves?  So they think they should get benefits but not Americans
thanks for getting us into this mess.
Shut up old woman. You are so delusional.  I am so sick of your comment. You need to get out of politic so people can stop laughing at you!
Ur brutal ur hair is brutal u got shaken communist syndrome ur out of power
Perhaps when American kids are dying in the streets, thanks to the GOP, Ivanka will exclaim about the cruelty and Trump might grow a heart
What are these kids dying from? Healthcare wasn't mandatory when I was a kid, and somehow we all survived. Never saw kids dead in the street
@realDonaldTrump is brutal on democracy and the American People It's voices of protest and the ballot will be the final nail in the coffin
I'm not a political Wiz but I don't understand what can be done. They are the worst human beings ever and they have no soul
So my question to you is can we still make this NOT happen?
Explain why premiums went up 200%
You wouldn't know cuz you weren't subjected to it
@GOP voted against #obamacare. Let's send #preexistingconditions bill to #congress #Trumpcare #speakerRyan.  Retweet if agree.
I take it that you won't be voting for it, Liz?
They are protesting now in New York. I'm so proud of every single person out their protesting this abomination!
Lol.
But you have no problem with illegals getting free healthcare at the cost of taxpaying citizens don't you Pocahontas?
@RepMarkMeadows, and I'll be wearing a sign that says "murderer" above a picture of you.
@RepMarkMeadows is my congress person. I have a pre-existing condition. I'm ready to show up and die in his office, if I can't get coverage.
It could not get anymore brutal!! Premiums are sky rocketing! It had to end today, and it did. #trumpcare passed!!
Can we please call it #republicare?  I don't want those bastards in the GOP to all pay when this fails miserably.
This will kill more people than a war
How so? Need specific causes of death please.
So the GOP is expecting people to pay their own bills? THOSE DASTARDLY FIENDS!
Can the Senate fix the flaws?
Stop calling it Trumpcare. That's not a thing.
#Grrrrrrr #Ouch #Arrrgh
Elizabeth. Talk about this Why  these people notice premium increases only when president was black ? Prem incresed 2x more than under Ocare
This is disgusting Republicans make me sick ! And any Dem who voted for it should be ashamed of themselves #TrumpRussia #LockHimUp
This is like mandatory trump university for everyone - we'll all have to file for bankruptcy
Where are all Democrats on this!?Forget Russia hacked d elections&start pointing out what this horrible administration is doing to d country
Elizabeth, Elizabeth calm down and try to work together for the good of all -
Not again. What are we do?! Please
But you are more concerned about the money Obama is making, white Dems seems to be Republican Lite! Thanks for nothing Liz
It's disgusting, hateful, selfish, and greedy. It hurts.
Always said @RepMarkMeadows voted against 1st plan because it wasn't cruel enough.
Why did Democrats let this happen.  They waited until the problem was in possession of the situation to try to do something about it.
And we are ALL relying on your leadership to kill this thing in the senate. #TemporarySetback #AHCA senate
That's good for you in 2018 and maybe 2020.
Thank you for having our best interest in mind #ResistTrumpCare
And know all the clown will be tweeting is trumpcare.   Karma start soon.
LIAR!!
It is not Trumpcare, it is "Don'tcare."
Yeah! The Republicans are taking care of the insurance companies and being brutal to the American people
But great for those who are rich only the rich will be entitled to decent health care and the rest of us will not be able to afford it
I pray the Repulicans in the Senate has more intestinai fortitued the the House !!!
I'm so hoping it flops. No changes were needed to #AHCA. But u can't tell ignorance anything.
Please don't call it trumpcare
It should be "Don'tcare."
Who in the House changed vote for party over people . Shame and we will persist and remember
@DanScavino but still AHCA better than ACA.

We're counting on the Senate to prevail against this abomination. We will voice our displeasure with the House in 2018.
It's now a post factual society.
Hopefully it's brutality will force Trump supporters to admit that they made a huge mistake.
#VoteNoAHCA it is #GOPdeathpanel
SHAME on #GOP! 2018 we MUST #VoteOutGOP! Get focus back on people, not $$!
Actually, it is Full Employment Act for insurance salespersons-->ins companies. Let's have pity and engorgement party for Golden Parachutes
Make sure that if it passes the American ppl know exactly the day that the ACA is revoked and the AHCA takes effect.
I am a senior with a pre-existing condition. Feeling of doom is looming. #NoAHCA
shouldn't u b focused on the secret $1.3 billion line of credit you've been hiding that just peek-a-booed the bejeezus outta u?
Once again, if House Freedom Caucus loves this bill, it's a complete disaster for millions of Americans! # wakeup #resist
Vote noooo
Every yes vote needs to be booted out in 2018. Send cash!
Thank you for working to kill the bill when it gets to the House, @SenWarren. We need you.
What can we do to kill it in the Senate? #gopwaronwomen Any PA rep who voted yes, be prepared to LOSE YOUR SEAT IN 2018.
You get paid to say that.
hell yea??? #let'emdrown
They've managed to strip all of the "care" out of health care. Trumpcare = TrumpDon'tCare.
Yep. Wasn't radical enough the first go around
And I see Congress is still exempt from the worst of the changes.
PLEASE provide a competing viable modified ACA already!  You guys can't just complain while we march and rally!
Just finished your book, Senator. Clearly heartfelt. And your delivery on the audiobook was determined and relatable. Stay out there.
I need to read the book. If we have term limits Senator Warren will no longer see however she could run for president. That's fine with me!
Term limits are bad. Progressives need people like Warren or Kennedy who gain experience over decades and wield it for their party.
It depends on who's in office and how long they've been in office. Take Mitch McConnell for instance, & take him now!
Ending term limits increases power of unelected staffers who will need to stick around. Also, costs from lifetime benefits will skyrocket.
Shows how much you know about the real world.  NOTHING!  Can you just go away already and make room for people who actually DO something
...which is why they're rushing the vote before the CBO score is released. @TheDemocrats better make the @GOP own this bill.

#VoteNoAHCA
What exactly is the intent here.  Simply crush people beneath them?
Can they become more despot or is this just a dry run??!!?!
What do you expect when they were trying to win over the freedom caucus??? The people voting for this are evil.
Go Senator Warren
#VoteNoAHCA
amazing that congress exempts itself from this god aweful bill
I'm criticizing ALL!!! Anyone voting and damn sure if they are up for election, get rid of them - vote them OUT!
#SavetheACA
Reckless Congress.
I say we just pass bill to see what's in it...
And exempting themselves while doing so...cowards!

What did you say about Obama??  He doesn't know about living in the real world?  Is this true??
#FAKEINDIAN
