And you aren't anyone to question HRC nor anyone else. Give yourself up.
please be our #Excellent #senator #forever.
Breaking: Warren proposes bill that allows Transgender US citizens over 18 to vote. #Pandering
Liar
Go ahead and announce that you're also expanding the bill that allows women to vote. You are Pandering here.
What was the expansion? All Veterans are already eligible for the GI Bill. That already included  recipients.
Oh please you are done next election we r voting a REAL Indian in you my nasty women are out
Sadly, man veterans -- NOT ALL -- seem to think Republicans have their back. The opposite is the case.
For someone who is anti military, stop with the lies. We don't trust you. So go away and shut up
Before or after helping yourself?
If you really cared about vets you would stop wasting so much money on illegal aliens.
By yelling on a bull horn advocating for refugees with a homeless shelter 4 vets behind you. Thank God we have a POTUS who stands up 4 them.
I find that hard to believe Warren. Since u Dems/Liberals dislike the military. So don't pretend to support the military idiot Warren!
You always fight hard Senator Warren .You truly fight the GOOD fight!
Bullshit, she NEVER cared before.
Oh yeah sez you
Elizabeth thank you for all your hard work.
What about the #TransVets y'all loved last week? When will you end @DeptVetAffairs blanket denials of medically necessary trans healthcare?
Did you ever serve in the U. S. Military
You're such a fake person.  Seriously. You're a scam artist.
U fought hard to help MA vets, including extended eligibility for  Purple Heart recipients.....what about fighting hard for ALL Veterans??
You have never helped anyone except yourself and maybe the Clinton Foundation.
You have never worried about a vet in your entire political career until now. Be honest, you are a typical left leaning politician. Period
and you will pay for this how?  Where in the budget?  How about we stop giving welfare to ILLEGALS to pay for this.
Where was all the vet help before Trump? Obama certainly wasn't in their corner and most of y'all weren't either. Lip service!
If you and others fought so hard for veteran health care, why does it still stink?
Wow how about fighting for them to have the same health care as u and ur peers. Make u guys pay for your insurance and give it to them 4free
Define work hard. Do you know what that means?
Need to thank the Republicans for this Bill.
Well how about getting every Purple Heart recipient a 10K bonus.
The G.I. Bill needs to be better but what really needs to be improved is the VA I've never heard anything good about them
8 and a half years ago I suppose you started. Too little to late
Since when did you start caring for the vets? If the past is any indication it's all news to us.
Hope the bill included free prothestics as well.
Is it another of those contribution-based sys like they had post-Vietnam or more like the GI Bill before that?
Now that's a new angle I never heard of! The craziness of the left just goes on & on & on, must be exhausting!
Thank u
What about ordinary vets
What about those who weren't in a official war like when we were in Lebanon where the Marine got hurt we are not coverd
MA. Vets hate your guts
You don't fight for anything but yourself. #digrace
Very glad u finally got over that Indian Wars thing.
What ABOUT 100 PERCENT DISABLED VETS???
What about Veterans healthcare for instance in Nevada they require you drive to San Francisco for a lot of the treatment that's wrong
Most veterans that are a 100 percent disabled have no hope of buying a home because of the cost of homes even with VA loan DON'T QUALIFY
What about all Veteran's there's no real benefits for their service especially the disabled VETS come back with broken minds and bodies
What about the 100 percent service-connected disabled Veterans they live on bare minimum they have no dreams increase shd be more than SS
"expanded eligibility for Purple Heart recipients." is pure pandering. How about exp eligibility for all vets? Trim the fat on this bill 
https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42785.pdf …
this is a link to answers Liz didn't bother to tell u
Who writes this stupid stuff for you??? This is where my 3.3 million goes for staff.
Why didn't you do this under obama?
Do you know for sure she didn't try?
Just to save your seat ! Vote WARREN out !
Veterans like myself don't give a shit about Purple Hearts. We want good care. You are a blockhead
Ya and now you could care less give them to movie stars
Amen
I fight all the time trying to help people as citizens and vets
The only thing you fight for is yourself. Did you ask for extra wampum? Maybe new teepees for the rubes? #MAGA
Term limits now!
Trump will be like "I have a Purple Heart"
Good one Pocahontas!
Question Lizzy, who in there right mind voted for U?
Meanwhile on the GOP side...
Why not "expanded eligibility for" all veterans?
You are part of the DEEP STATE - I am praying all Deep Staters - Democrat and Republican are EXPOSED for what they are. U R proven LIAR
Hey Liz,   were you in congress when they took the GI Bill away from us?
U fight hard everyday, Thank you so much
Bullshit. She never cared before. Don't be fooled.

