How can Sessions be counted on to prosecute if evidence is uncovered?
Sessions is the perfect pick for trump. He will not prosecute any case against trump administration
as soon as he's confirmed, Trump has a free run
GO Trump!!!! He's doing everything Right!!
You are a fool if you believe that. When drumps cabinet picks bring  down the Gov u will
@ @SenWarren @POTUS lol, changes are a coming Finally!! You folks lost get over it.. 8 more years!!!
LOL that shit is funny, drumf won't even make it two years. His ass will be impeached
Also, the changes you are talking about are going to affect your family for Generations -
So what are you doing about? Are you just going to sit & speculate or will action be taken regarding this treason?
It's going to take ALL of us now.  These guys aren't playing by the rules.
republicans stopped playing by the rules 8 yrs ago. Why would they care now?
and we're winning winning winning
but at what cost? Is the unity of the people possibly the nation and what it stands for worth it?
cry and file frivolous lawsuits. And lie to others about the law regarding plenary power to the president regarding immigration
7 yrs this went on. Even when they had the congress they would not work with him to pass anything not absolutely necessary.
you have no proof of any relationship btwn Trump and Russia. You are a liar Pocahontas
maybe if he rode a paint horse and a feather hat you could relate to him better
drump will not last 4 years. You are fucking crazy
FUCK white men that are out to destroy our democracy
Who is Sebastian Gorka? @maddow @lawrence @chrislhayes All these folks crawling out into the light. Keep it shining.
Sad thing is, tRump is heartless! He simply does not care for anyone but himself. The King(not) is all that matters.
We know what you think and feel. What are you DOING?

 @POTUS
My thoughts exactly! I am sick to death of the talk. I want to see my elected officials ACT NOW.
They need to hit the news circuits hard & make noise. The longer they sit, the harder the battle will get. 
 @TomWellborn
@realDonaldTrump is a businessman. If he could he'd start taking apart the US and sell it by piece.
You have nothing, no proof of any relationship or any type of dealings between Trump and Russia. Reagan had a great
relationship with Gorbachev. Why must Russia be an enemy? Maybe not our best friend but if relations can be better why is
that a bad thing. You guys just gotta report or stir up something as bad all the time. What a sad existence.....
We need an investigation into DT dealings with Russia and the intervention into election. Help us--find the truth
hey, did you ever find out what the previous POTUS meant when saying " I'll have more flexibility after the election"? Lol
but go ahead and ignore @POTUS44 backroom relations with anti American Islamic's. That's cool and not hypocrisy at all...
Please let other Dems know voters are mobilizing. We will vote out both Rs & Ds who don't #ResistTrump
.@SenWarren Did you see this, ma'am? The "@POTUS" said it. And I believe he meant it.
Here is a transcript of President Trump's comments on Dr. Martin Luther King at his Black History Month gathering this morning. 
You're right there is nothing normal about this administration or president I wish President was back
Isis is more dangerous at the moment you dummy
Obviously the Dems & Repubs are ok with it. Why isn't anyone doing anything about the madness?
 
thank Senator Warren for fighting for us.
We are resisting,calling,writing,protesting. need democratic leadership to fight this takeover of our democracy Where are Dems
But what is being done about it?  Is there an investigation? ??????
what is #normal is a matter of #perspective .
This is what we need to know...  Where is the #IMPEACHMENT??  @SenWarren @POTUS
you know how impeachment works, right? If not, why not ask Hillary? You better believe she remembers.
Disgusting Fraud Trump supporters! Un American!
we need better language
AreTrump appointees guilty of falsely filing an official document given misstatements & omissions in submissions to Senate
normal was bad. Even many dems thought so. We just believe trump will be worse then normal.
-#Trump has a 'relationship'..a PHONE relationship..w/ Russia..just like he does w/leaders of other countries.
lady you are the one who is disturbing the biggest threat at the moment is ISIS what is the matter with you
What's disturbing is Clinton over-throwing governments in the Middle East..
Liawatha there is nothing normal about your lies deceit and dishonesty
No hearings for nominees should have even be held until Trump released his tax returns. Sessions complicit
so what do we do or how can we stop this train wreck
hold on tight and in 2018, make your vote count when entire house up for re-election.
Then get involved. Volunteer! Make calls! Drive people to the polls! Work! Do what you can.
and complete disregard for the constitution
can you provide examples?
isng order not to listen to the courts decision, blatant conflicts of interest, exec order for pipelines hes invstd in
Democrats put votes before American lives. Its the Alinsky way-dependency & $$
Fraud Trump cares NOTHING about America. Only money!
What relationship with Russia? Do u have prove of that or just running your big mouth again? If u have proof show it.
is defending US from #TraitorTrump, who sold out US to Russia. @POTUS. Best now to #Calexit.
shut up already o'no gave $150,000,000 in cash to the devil in the middles east. And connected to dictator in Cuba...
#Trumprussia aside, so not normal
when an entire planet comes together & protests the POTUS, we have a HUGE problem..
Indeed we do. George Soros
& the way he spreads his conspiracy theories, tries to discredit the media, it's freaky
@deejay90192 @POTUS Nothing about him is normal. He is mentally unfit to serve.  #USAisAlreadyGreat
no more disturbing than your relationship with the Clintons
and clearly you could see the kind of administration he was picking. He should've never been inaugurated
Could AG Sally Yates be in any danger? Do we even have any idea how big this could be?
His ties to Russia need to be investigated carefully. He is not acting like an American president. GOP is in denial.
Do you know what the constitution is ? That's what Trump is following, he has done NOTHING WRONG !
THE PEOPLE WANT ANSWERS
That's because his brain's are smaller than his hands!
when libs point to T's business interests, conflicts of interest & broken norms, right hears Trump made good on campaign promise
So the GOP paying  $14 million to trump hotels is not a conflict of interest?
it is. I agree. (I loathe trump) I just mean our liberal branding is off.  We can win over the right with dif language
And where are your facts?  It may not be YOUR normal, but that does not make it disturbing.
- 24k likes, 24k blind foolish sheep continuing to watch CNN and listening to this horseshit. Russia? Fools in our streets
Elizabeth, please, spare me. We know now.
Lying Liz all you do is manufacture crises to make yourself relevant in hopes of holding your seat. We see through you
Un American Fraud Trump; Resist, Humiliate and Impeach!
Russia is attacking Ukraine as you Tweet. Action??????
@roxannelwright @SenWarren @POTUS whatever you hear from Trump of anything on this will be a lie.
 You're just mad that both Obama & Hillary tried to have a better relationship with Russia, but failed miserably!!!
Brain Dead Nonsense!
Please speak to other dems. Trump needs to be watched carefully. I really do think he is being blackmailed by Putin.
Fraud Trump is Hypocrite Putin's Puppet!  America is Screwed!
We need to #ImpeachTrump
@jolouharris @SenWarren 
you are wrong. wait for it.
Trump will amaze you.
Are you freakin' serious? The guy hung up on the PM of Australia!!! He's a CHILD!
some people need to get the message.
What a blessing to be blocked by a snowflake @Oldhippi
Disgusting Baby Fraud Trump is uneducated, unqualified and Un American! SAD!
"In anger or in jest, ill words fit the speaker best!" itche2
I wish that we could focus on what is Important; Impeachment of Fraud Trump!
What did he say to Putin that made Russia think it was OK to increase militia activity in Ukraine ?
He told his Puppet Master that he can do anything that he wants to. Trump is a Coward!
So upsetting!  Are there no rules?  No decorum?  Give us some advice for restoring sanity.
You Are So Full of Sh**t!!!!!'
I am VERY worried about Trump's ties to Russia. We need to be able to vet Trump. Show us your taxes damn it!
Fraud Trump knows that if we Ever see his Tax Returns it will be OVER for him Immediately. SAD
THIS IS THE NEW NORMAL! RUSSIA WILL BE OUR GREATEST FRIEND.
BULLSHIT
Fraud Trump will Kill us all in Nuclear Fire with his Tiny Hands!

Disgusting Fraud Trump is Destroying America!
Senator Warren let's be dealmakers. He is a businessman. Let's make deals and not lose everything by locking up.
Wait!   I fear a miscommunication. Dems - don't lock up.    @POTUS -hell yes! Lock the orange conartist up!
okay then.
@BrBabblingBooks @POTUS there's no disturbing relationship with Russia, stop the fear mongering
it's going to be a long 4 years. Warren for 2020??
I keep hearing this from many elected officials & citizens. What I DON'T hear is what is being done about it. This is scary times
It is one thing for you to Tweet about your disapproval. That's great but we the people that agree with you need to see ACTION.
. His refusal to release tax returns, failure to establish proper firewall between public & private interests is troubling.
more than troubling...we are living the mightmare.
. Agreed. It is more disturbing that Trump has a base as large as it is and that GOP has no spine or principles
I agree, oppose him!!! Impeach Trump & Pence!
Impeach them for what? Cause your candidate lost and now you want to pout?
normal is gone, hope gone, truth gone, Bannon is President don't let anyone tell you he isn't. Bannon is STAR OF THE SHOW
we need your continued leadership to protect democracy. Thank you! And keep on fighting
So call for his impeachment, Senator. Y'all all get together, with the ex-Presidents & whoever, and make the call. Please.
I don't take issue w a stronger relationship w Russia. I take issue w putting them first & not holding them accountable.
We ask you to #resist him at every turn.
WeWant & need to hear all the ties, both campaign related & $$ between them. Manafort, Ukraine, hacking & voting data+
Thank goodness. We've had enough of you crooked politicians
Elizabeth...Russia... has porn pix of him.. i think Trump is being blackmailed...
of really hope you guys come up with a better plan for running in 2020 than dividing the party like this last time.
@ResaMichelle @POTUS Hey Trump.... Show us the taxes!!!
how is it disturbing to get along with another nuclear super power? This isn't the 1950's. Figure it out
You're 100 percent right! And as soon as we're quiet, as soon as we rest, it becomes "okay". Well, it's never okay.
@azalben @POTUS so what now?
anonymous were right, they told us assange had gone over to russia years ago but no one listened
we will keep protesting against the injustices from @POTUS , your work is to impeach Bannon's president asap.
#AmericaFirst
And what about the bought access to Clinton from the foundation.
#InsanePocahontas relax, no Russians are coming. You're safe.
@JoyceCarolOates @POTUS vote no on everyone, fillibuster please.
#resist #standingunited #ImpeachTrump #MuslimBan
holy SH!T Elizabeth Warren & the rest of your lying sack of crap liberal party - stop smoking pot & start living the truth
Get this monster out of the WH
Start learning to speak Russian everyone #TrumpRussia
@MattMurph24 @POTUS NOTHING WHATSOEVER
INVESTIGATE
There doesn't seem to be a lot left of normal with the Republicans in Congress either - passing rule changes w/no Dems!
it's time someone fell on the sword and released the classified information to the public about the Russian involvement
all the more reason 2 move along proceedings 4 impeachment. Marshal law,bring back @POTUS44 till we can have new election
@JoyceCarolOates @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein THIS! Pls pluck @ this thread and unravel the whole sordid mess. #YourSpideySense
the GOP deserves the obstruction they get from Dems!  What's good for goose, good for gander.
@TheJusticeDept u need 2 push for the Russian hacking investigation!
are there NO PROTECTIONS FROM THIS TYRANT? BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE FOR THE REST OF US?
instead of railing at SenWarren, start contacting Reps and let them know what you want. Dems doing all they can.
Take this in hand please Sen.Warren!Looks like Russia thinks the info from Mr Steele was authentic!Looks obvious,who owns oil?
we need to work on impeachment of this dangerous bully.
looks like our government has jumped on the war crimes band wagon.
So where is the INVESTIGATION?!
Nothing normal about a lying fake Indian either who makes $400K for teaching 1 class then talks about cost of HE. HYPOCRIT
you guys need to start working with potus and stop being bias
oh? You mean a relationship where he's not trying to start a nuclear war? You're right, peace is crazy talk #Warmongers
Then do something. Enough babble.
thank you Sen. Warren for your activism!
also https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/821380263775272960 …
Who are Mercers/CNP?
The thread contains some links that help explain
Trump is scary in his own right, but he is also the vehicle Christian extremists have used to overtake our government /2
thanks can't believe it's even worse than I knew ! RESIST!
there are many layers...we need to understand in order to #resist effectively.  Please help spread awareness
We are allowing Europe to go to war to further Putin's territorial aims!
All of us that believe our country is a model.for others to follow now with Trump as our illegitimate President not so
There is NOTHING normal?
@RolandWall Please send Smoke Signals from the Hill to let us know what the Hell to do•-  •••- ••-
Investigation is required! We must pick our battles and this is one worth going to the mat for. #russiagate
We know your are not accustomed to things getting done so quickly. You can have a pass until you can get up to speed.
you are the one that's not normal
Can The Senate dams demand to see DT's tax returns before allowing a hearing for the SC nominee?
This is not normal. keep saying it. loud and clear. and abandon the expectation that you can respond in normal ways.
why won't he mention what the Russians are doing in Ukraine?? Instead of what we heard on leaked phone calls
@kellyg1160 @POTUS So impeach!
the tax return will be very revealing and damaging..it must be obtained.
Fraud Trump is the Puppet of Hypocrite Putin! Putin is America's real President!
Rock on, Liz
Please do not give up the fight.
u guys seem powerless . Wtf
I am more concerned with Bannon at this point and Rex, & anyone who admires this "Dictator" who is destroying US
@POTUSget him arressted or impeached!!!!!!
How do we impeach him?
or just this disturbed @potus.
he should have been tried for treason. Speaking of some kind of relationship w/Russia has already been proven. #dumptrump
is anyone listening #Russia #murderers #DictatorTrump #dictator #PutinatWar
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats @NancyPelosi NOTHING normal about this admin. They're going to get millions killed.
'We the people' know what's up. Will you in DC do anything to stop them? Marches and protests are just the beginning.
Political defiance understand massive protests & being exposed for their Malfeasance We have 21 months to vote!
Plus he just told McConnell to go nuclear on ya'll...sigh
I love the logic here. He wants a good relationship with Russia, so Russia must be blackmailing him . Idiots.
I'm afraid of what is going on with our allies.It seems like when we need them they will not be there for us ,disturbing.
not sure if you're more akin to Pinocchio or Pocahontas, but your lies are despicable #LiberalLies #PoliticsAsUsual #DTS
I couldn't agree more. #ResistTrump
she still scares this Vietnam era veteran 3rd party voter more than him so far smart vs dumb evil were our choices
Payback is a beotch.
BUT DEMOCRATS KEEP BEHAVING LIKE THINGS ARE NORMAL. CAN YOU NOT SEE IT? WILL YOU NOT SEE IT? OLD RULES DON"T APPLY.
What's happening with the Senate Investigation?
Democrats need to become unpredictable. RIght back at trump.
so rally the dems in the Senate and tell them to stop approving his cabinet picks until this is resolved. 14 voted yes on all 5.
Russia attacking Ukraine right now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z83JrvZBQqw …
you're right. Not normal. Trump is actually doing what he promised. What kind of politician is that!?!
Obama was the worst thing to happen to this country and you kissed his behind for eight years.
Pocahontas, be careful - you may be deported to Venezuela
Caution, Racist Crossing!
keep this alive! Pull the entire party left, we the people will rally behind you! Then we'll work on bringing the misinformed in
work on getting that thought. Russian gate!
he's an infiltrator!!!
@ezlusztig @POTUS AGREED / so STOP voting for his nominees- STOP IT
@jesswilliamssd @POTUS hey Comey in committee, has been investigating for months, he received fisa warrant 10/2016
No compromise ,Germany 1933.
Which is why you didn't challenge electors. You are in the altruistic opposition biz and enjoy it.
is anyone looking into this Russia madness??
then vote against everything he wants passed. Bring your spine to work day is every day
There has been nothing normal since January 20th. This is not an administration, it is a regime.
investigate! Prosecute!
your dustrubing thanks for helping me make my decision to vote for Trump
I am glad this hasn't been lost with all the balls in the air
the cabinet picks are abysmal. DJT and his evil sycophants are destroying our democracy. In bed with Putin. #impeachnow
his disturbing relationship with EVERYTHING.
the people wanted change and now they can't handle it . it's time for a major change .
Ms Warren. Do what you have to do. Whatever makes sense for you, since we know that you stand for us.
Thank you for not normalizing this administration and fighting, watching yesterdays hearing I was proud to be represented by you
it's time for new people to go to washington
#RESIST now is not the time to show how adult the Democrats are. FIGHT LIKE HELL- like our democracy depends on it.
Your job is not to start a civil war. I can not wait to see you booted out of your cozy positin.
that's why the person you campaigned for lost and your party got its ass handed to it!  Look in the mirror
@SoulFlyTry @POTUS investigate.  Litigate. Impeach
Hoping you and  @TheDemocrats keep fighting and keep being involved. Don't let the GOP be alone. We are behind you!
Thank You Senator, we all cherish the day Trump is #impeached - he is 100 percent crooked.
@SenSchumer  the resistance need a list of congress who will be coming up next election. We need to get the word out NOW!!!!!
Hope something is found that will incriminate him bigly
I feel for my friends' sons/daughters who are in the military. His antics are going to send us to war.
