Looks fairly peaceful to me, unlike some of the GOP Town Hall meetings. Wonder why???
Freak shows always draw the biggest crowds, Lizzie
Donald Trump is a freak Show what are you talking about get a life or an education holy shit
The guy who says get an education, doesn't even know how to use punctuation. Maybe he should take his own advice.
lol  thanks
Good for you. Good for them. Good for US.
Thank you!!!!!
She doesn't have a good track record of being absolutely truthful. That's a definite deal breaker these days
Her track record for representing her constituents is fantastic. We'll re-elect her & keep our status as a good state to live in.
Hey, if you want her, you can have her!
We do have her! Don't need your permission!
It only took one tent for your meeting with bank executives in Martha's Vineyard.
Wow!  1300 people at CCCC. And 1300 people at Martha's Vineyard. Same 1300???
So absurd! No buses at CCCC, just 1300 + supporters coming out to applaud, question & support our Senator, a true representative.
A true representative of her own interests first. She lies, a lot!
And my senator Marco Rubio just keeps us on a daily diet of Scripture. If he DID have a Townhall, must you Bring Your Own Bible?  BYOB 
Lol comedy central! With his alternative facts!
If ALL THIS MADNESS weren't so Freaking Serious, OUR PLIGHT Would make A COMEDY CENTRAL HIT! "The President's Show" is spot on though
So proud, so full of hope when I see this! Thank you @SenWarren for being on the front lines of justice!
That's cause u had something worthwhile to say!
... guess people should have made reservations, isn't that right Pocahontas?
How much did Soros have to pay them?
That's a GOP trick. Money/greed.
So you actually want to hear from the citizens you represent? My Republican Senators don't seem to want to do that. I wonder why?
and they were all at the beach-not at 4 C's
ok you got me-the one's that weren't on the beach were sitting in traffic trying to get off Cape
not unusual to have people from other areas that may not have an opportunity to see her in their own towns. The "rich" could care less
This I have no doubt that the rich don't care about what @SenWarren has to say. Look at her voting record and you know where she stands.
Please come to NC and show @SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis how it's done.
People come out when they are being listened to.
U have only helped you wallet. You were to busy for Ma now we just don't need you @DiehlForSenate @RepGeoffDiehl  #diehlforsenate
Wait, someone hold town halls at home? Have you ever described this to @SenCoryGardner?
@va_shiva Hey Liz where's the #DNA kit? What are you hiding @Ancestry 
www.Shiva4Senate,com
very small rooms I wouldn't brag if I where you
Looks pretty damn white there
Love  the crowd-diversity....white, liberals aka #WhiteKnights struggling to make ends meet in their cape-cod mansions! Fight for them!!
We love you Rlizabeth!! You are true America!! 
Cape Cod.... Why don't you go to Appalachia in West Virginia? You say you speak for the people... You don't.
Imagine all the grandstanding, simplistic notions, specious concerns, and fluffery faux Pocahontas the-system-gamer entertained them with.
Trump packed 40,000 at most of his rallies and 10-20,000 out side. Poor Hillary had less than 500 at one rallie..
Imagine how Trump feel with 30,000 people
1300 is a big number for Cape Cod. Certainly shows public interest in current situation.
LOL 1300
Trump and cronies including Russia might win the battles but they sure as crab juice the won't WIN THIS FREAKING WAR
Funny there wouldn't have been enough rooms to hold the amount of people that would go to a Trump Rally
Elizabeth read me to get 13,000 people. The Republicans are selling misdirection it makes me sick do we need to do the same thing
Keep on persisting!!
Why? We're you giving away "free" college? News Flash Lizzy there's no such thing as a free lunch or college. It's redistribution of wealth.
Really. Are you sure it is not a combination of the Community College and the performing arts center?
Too bad the rest of the US Senators are not like you!  I live in Tx, but my partner and I, got married in Cambridge on 11-11-11. We Mass.
they were there to prove your native american ancestry?
Elizabeth Warren for president of the United States!
The locals looking for a luau? Entertainment lil sparse, but hey nuttin'  else to do & it's free . Wholly yackamole'
check out your Pittsfield video. https://tinyurl.com/yccentjz 
Does Sen Warren know any black or brown people...that crowd is as white as the driven snow.
Of course she does! That's a gathering of the Gimmedat Indian Tribe!
I really don't care about color. I'm just surprised that she doesn't either.
All looking for a free handout. What did you give them Lizy?
Must have been a slow night in town or were you giving things away? isn't that what Democrats do to get people to vote - $50.00 / box lunch
You going to tell truth or speak with fork tongue about healthcare Please REPEAL & REPLACE & stop wasting time & 
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress 
Yep!

Oh yeah, in Martha's Vineyard
the cradle of democracy
where the masses get their say
oh wait... 
You are a joke.
How about stopping this scheme by @GinniRometty @IBM whom you have evidence from me sent to you. #DrainTheSwamp
Wow. 1300?@SenWarren now thats a "rally" Hah. #MAGA
Mrs Warren. 1300?  Those of you that attended, do not let her brainwash you. Read and get the facts. Just talk Mrs Warren no action.
Were they all from your tribe?
Looks more crowded than the Trump inauguration
Hi Beth,

@KidRock would like to Welcome you to the Party!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsxEsamP3PQ …

#MAGA #KidRockForSenate #DemocratLiesMatter #p2
So sad, you have done a great job brain washing these people who live in there quant exclusive community .

Big whoop
What's with the hands on hips pic?  Crowd not adoring enough? 
1,300 CCCC administrators, instructors, union reps, and sjws in training.
Foolish Democrat supporters
Oh wow! Can't compate to 13,000 President Trump had in Poland.  Or over 6,000 at his rallys here.
#Democracy in action!
The rich elite. The most hated group in America right now. The forgotten man is paying this Country's bills including your corruption
Libtard country
Lol. I grew up there. I feel your pain. I moved to Arizona.
Not sure about NZ, but there are 49 other states to choose from. Go for it! I love it out here.
They're still liberal states. Texas or Arizona would be good.
If it was Trump 20 to 50k people would be there. Not just rich elite . Working everyday Americans that make the wheels of this Country turn
Plenty of whiners in Cape Cod!
Hey fake Indian, if Obamacare is so good why are you exempt from it?
Did you really say this? And if so what do the women on here that support her say about it? Just curious.
3 rooms full of moon bats ... to listen to that woman cackle... sounds like a fun time ...
Odd how Dems happily hold Town Halls and the GOP are afraid to!!!

You rock Elizabeth!
Short buses?
Democracy shined brightly on Election Day 2016.
The sad thing is that you just walked into a mental institution and all those people were already in there
This should be happening every state red or blue if you care for yourself and your loved ones' health.
And it only took 1 podium for a pile of shit to stand behind, go figure...
A long ways to catch up to Trump.
in the meanwhile, the coward Ryan, hand picks his "town hall" people, your awesome Elizabeth, please run for POTUS!
It sounds like you had a real Pow Wow!!
Birds of a feather flock together !
If you pay them, they will come......
How much you pay those people to show up?
Yea that's smaller than the smoking area outside at a trump ralley Pocahontas
There are more kids that can't fine summer jobs to help pay for college, bc of H-2B visas- MA the highest of course.
It's called Deception
Great to see people engaged & securing our democratic process
I guess someone has to preach to stupid people stupid to stupid
Republican boys hiding!
Wow, your hate message and lying is really gone wild good for you!
You are a Champion of the people Sen.
Did you talk about the successful legislation you've passed for MA? Oh, that's right- you haven't @DiehlForSenate @HowieCarrShow @massgop
Sen. Warren, technical colleges WI, Duffy, Ryan & Johnson's turf, in communities hit very hard by GOP playing to corporations over people.
More paid people to sit and listen to a fake Indian
If attendance at your meeting is so important, why
did you and every Democrat look to diminish the same for Trump rallies?
Was this a "whites only" meeting?
#GOP please take notice.
lat me give a big thanks you to Bernie Sanders Sen for be at rainbow push rev jess Jackson it thing to here
Sen Bernie Sanders talk about the policy in the United states president and the policy in Chicago Rahm Emanuel covers man
back alee in her yard she call the police a white woman something going on back there
she lives in Minneapolis the police came she walked up to the patron car talk to the cops
it's was three of them in uniform with camera on the cops three in backseat shoot her and kill her
and turn the camera off that cops did talk to them about something going on with the car cameras was on at all l wood side psd
all l wood side psd full Lee dress for bed call them and turn it off the camera if you turn off the camera you should be fired
be fired no if and what about it your camera should be on a call what the he'll you have a camera for to turn it off
Shiva Ayyadurai for Senate,  2018. Look him up.
Thank you for caring about your people!  Some leaders care about numbers and dollars; Great Leaders care about the people!

Cape Cod? Sounds like a sit-in for the rich and wealthy establishment. But then, you're not a simple working class democrat either... Truth
"Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch."  -Ben Franklin.  Indiv rights, including pvt property, are absolute.
This make me thankful the Founders established a republic based on the principle of liberty, and NOT a democracy.  Mob rule is immoral.
As a REAL Native American I find U disgusting, They will vote Kid Rock just to get rid of U, U just got kid Rock elected lmao
Libtards.
Thanks for coming down! It was great to hear you speak with Congressman Keating and State Senator Cyr!
Sure, Lizzy, 3 teepees were filled for your new comedy routine. They really wanted to see a real American Indian: Shiva Ayyadurai @va_shiva
The Fake Polls reporting the Presidents Approval numbers,  sound similar to the polls that predicted HC's win..
Great to see Americans making a difference.
and no american flag in photo one
Cape Cod?  No one is surprised by this turnout there. Why don't you go to middle America and hear what they have to say?
It's the Cape in the summer, they were probably offered a Free HD TV for sitting through a 2 hour time share presentation.....
#Resist
I hope no one in the GOP was barred. I don't see one sign or card.
You were probably given away stuff.    The entitled like that
Ugh-you are truly disgusting and you really should think about changing careers. Dems are doomed cuz of folks like you.
Trump fills stadiums not locker rooms
Way too much white privilege in that room! Next time snuff each other out to make up for ur privilege. B more committed to more a diverse ct
why are there a majority of white people? shouldn't you have equality of races in your town halls?
Signing up for the free college?
Thanks for doing your job responsibly @SenWarren . You're working OT to compensate for the corrupt, indecent, undemocratic @GOP Congress.

If only the @FBI were there to catch all the felons and criminals, darn! Missed it!  Guess they should just go to your office instead. 
#We persisted
About the same number who were meeting with Donald Jr. at the meeting that was nothing!
At least some states are meeting with their constituents!  #whereismysenator #SenEnzi #SenBarraso
Anything anti coming from the democrats is just anti American! You have not only went to communism but are turning to European ideas
Thank you for listening to the people you represent!!!
I've seen numerous examples of tRump throwing opposers out of his rallies. Not one from a dem.
makes me think what she would be doing in office... sitting around being lazy and probably doing nothing
maybe if hillary had done this she wouldve won... she was the laziest campaigner ever... i think she just assumed she would win
If you were truly indigenous, would not have accommodated tribal meeting, chica! ChicanaForum slams lies&robbery of claw into Senate! 
Pretty soon u will leave a trail of corpses like HRC, the master puppeteer Birds of a feather...
Were they payed?
That's about how many people support you!
This is #American democracy at work.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Glad to see you are not afraid to have a town hall meeting.
Doubt trump had that many people at his inauguration (who weren't paid to be there).
How special! Sarcasm intended!
That's alot of liberals. What'd that cost ya?
Distribution of crack again?  #WarrenIsNuts
Confused why people believe proven lies but refuse to believe their own eyes/ears
You're sexy
#WarrenIsATraitor
you go girl, your my hero
Prove you're INDIAN. Take the DNA test
So there's 1300 crazy hypocrites.  So??
Where you handing out more free shit to people that don't work? I'm sick of supporting slackers!
Gorgeous beach day yet @SenWarren pulled a huge crowd. This bodes well for all who champion working people, women, students, the poor. 
Yay!
@POTUS  - Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers! #MAGA
How many buses were used?
You will be unemployed soon
Keep up the good work.
Why the Hamptons and not w/ the ppl you claim to represent?
That's at least 10x more than Hilary's rallies.
AhhhEhhhh!!!    EHHH!!!   AWwwww!!!!
Even for someone like you who talks out of both sides of her mouth you were only able to address two rooms at same time..one room left out.
#KidRockForSenate
Ooh another playground for the celebrities and liberal elites
The white liberals are liars... I didn't say that, this man did :
And @marcorubio has not held one townhall in Florida
Can we expose Venezuela to anarchists in USA? Are anarchist brainwashed, can't see the Hitlers/Globalists of today promote slavery for all?
Well done!!!  Keep up the good work.  We need more opportunities to education people.
Key difference between you and your @SenateGOP colleagues is that you actually go to your townhall mtgs, because you still represent voters.
She doesn't represent the majority of voters in the Commonwealth anymore, you'll learn that in the next election
That's entirely fair. As a voter you deserve representation that reflects your desires for this country. The majority of the GOP .../1
No longer even answer their phones. They only represent money, and have no intention of pretending to represent people.

Real Diehl for senate


Yes they are Liberals just like you following your lies 
They are lucky, and smart to have you!!
Thanks for working for the ppl
How many buses did that take to bring them in? How much did you pay each of them
Thank you @SenWarren
Doesn't look like minorities were invited. Not a single African American, Asian, etc. was there. Just one fake Native American!
Still far less than a Trump rally!
At least you hold town hall meetings. Unlike the snakes called the GOP
