Why do so many Americans reject the idea of paying an amount of money to keep everybody healthy? Go kick those pharmapsycho's in the ocean!
There is no reason to have the Insurance industry mixed up in the Health Care industry, unless you're an insurance salesman.
We have the insurances here, they'll rob you blind, i agree. The question was more literal. Healthinsurance only covers the pharma's pay.
My point (in over 142 char.) is #SinglePayerNow. or Medicare for all. Let insurance companies sell chicken little insurance to Breitbart
Why do you want the government to be responsible for your health?  Do they have a track record at being skilled in this area? Look at the VA
But look at Medicare & Medicaid.  Both work great and cost less to run than insurance company plans
As soon as everyone has Insurance, prices will skyrocket. America is forgetting the corporations in its War agains terror.
How many times do I have to say, "Shut the insurance companies OUT of the health care industry?"
#GOPHealthCare
@SenWarren thank you for helping American citizens to defend their access to #Healthcare. You are on the right side of history.
The #GOPHealthcareBill must be stopped. The lives of thousands Americans are at stake! People will die!
For Dems to stop the #GOPHealthcareBill, they need to do more than block it. They need to push for a real solution. #SinglePayer!
kill the #ACA terrible law & MUST GO we will not forget if the senate fails
You're retired and either on the dole for your health insurance or on Medicare! So, don't tell me ACA is terrible! 
im 52 in the prime of my earnings
And taxed beyond any reasonable belief
Elizabeth Warren is an obstructionist. She is hurting 300 million + Americans.
And do you think anyone gives a shit what you have to say anyway? You don't get respect by f*cking with other twitter users.
He's not very good at using Twitter. His impersonator has 8x more followers, despite starting the account less than two weeks ago. SAD!
Ahahahaha!!! That's probably because he spends all his time impersonating others. SMDH
Thank you Sen. Warren for your leadership and commitment. We are with you! Stronger Together!
Sen Warren you are a con artist!
In France, I always had health care called "sécurité sociale". It is for everybody
Nice
Thank you very much !

Interesting all of these cities are Demo strongholds,  Thank God for the Electoral College.
God doesn't like the electoral college...when the Dems take back power they will fix that
God put the Electoral College in place.  If you know who wrote the US Constitution this is obvious.
Lmao!
If you study history the men who wrote the constitution followed the belief  in God,
Just go to the Monuments in Washington, DC.
Man wrote the Constitution. Not god. Man is flawed not GOD! Man interprets gods law written by man. Mans interpretation is flawed.
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
Please come and talk w front line nurses about health care and its barriers
Run run run 20/20. 20/20 !!!
Warren is a disgrace
Leave her alone,!!
Wow - what a lady you are! How anyone  can ever vote republican is beyond me.. it's insanity.
It's not about stopping the republicans. It's about the will of WE, the People. We told you in November that we wanted OCare repealed.
The power of the people spoke Elizabeth and you will hear our voice again. We have lived your parties words before
What's your favorite Slayer song?
Yes it is.  And I can't wait to vote you out of office.  Our Constitution reflects free markets, NOT mandates.
Can we keep tweeting to stop republicans
I think most of us that care enough to tweet are doing much more than that. I call and call and call and protest too!
You sick and need help! You paddling up the river without pedals! Get help!
Either you're part of the 1% or are unfortunately brainwashed by big business propaganda and GOP's 30yr assault on the Dem agenda. Wake up!
Dems had no agenda for 30 yrs! All they like to do is spend tax dollars and cause chaos in the US! I once was a Dems but saw the truth! WUP!
Dems agenda has been blocked by Repubs since Clinton became Prez. I would agree Dems need to work w/honest Repubs to revamp some programs.
But Repubs need to stop being the party of NO, and work w/honest Dems to do what's right is right for the 99%.
I support full repeal of o-care - @realDonaldTrump will bring Americans affordable health insurance that will save their lives not destroy
Another bot without a clue.
It's funny a lot of these bots don't even pretend. I've seen a lot that say marketing services or advertisement services in their profile.
Bots like the ones Soros deploys or old dried up hippies with toasted motherboards?
Lyawatha is really one extremely odd human being
You're such a waste of space in the legislature
Thank you for your service Senator Warren.  The Republicans need to get a spine and stop this kicking the can down the road.
I'm with u and I know how the transgender military feels cuz I'm trans and I'm gonna do everything it takes to put down trump
If you have ever served in the Military you know trans does not work out to well.
What does that suppose to mean
What does "That suppose to mean" mean?
U sad that trans people doesn't work well
Wonder who is paying for all these trips and videos hummmm there is a Warren looney tune show everyday stay tuned 4 more laughs
Have you ever seen anyone working so hard to be a presidential candidate. A Hillary want to be spells disaster
Good then it will pass because people can't afford the ACA
Yes, we must not give up!
Y do U get different healthcare then us "people". U R nothing special, just a politician that could not work in corporate America
Dems should be proposing a "National Voting Day" 4 elections & proposing that citizens petition to abolish #WinnerTakesAll electoral votes.
That would be a start to resistance and leveling the playing field with #GOP. Their counter move will show their true colors. #ACTION
It's up to us people!!! We have to save ourselves by getting involved and VOTE these creeps out of office!!!!!
Hopefully our votes will count. Those who CAN still vote after Trumps voter commission gets done who knows?
We've been calling-GOPdoesn't care!They want theirDEATHCARE bill passed and ultra rich taxcut-there's probably some palm greasing-4get us
Yes, the rich want everyone to die.  People just can't think anymore, sad.  Btw, most rich people  are Dems.
BTW-I don't mingle with small minded, self grandiose ignorant egomaniacs-nothing worse than a really stupid egomaniac so BYE
These 2 tweets that attached to the E Warren tweet were intended for Mike Whaley@listingood
Maybe the democrats & republicans should write a HC bill that they themselves will have 2 use then we'll all have great HC! We want YOUR HC
The problem with that is most of them can afford more than the average person. A plan that protects the wealthy better would work for them.
That's my point Manny they would make it affordable for everyone not just themselves because they don't want to spend a lot of money either
Thank you for your fire, your courage, your honesty. We all need to be involved in this and work for a health care system for all Americans.
Obama care is a joke a way to expensive is been a joke from beginning
Absolutely the power is in our hands not in lol's or Republicans hands THE CHANGE STARTS WITH US
Liz - that's all you are - a loud mouth that can't come up with 1 law that works for the people of this country.
...love this woman ... she would make a great first female in the Executive Branch in 2020  +++
Right on Liz!!
@LindseyGrahamSC mailboxes full! @SenatorTimScott is another partisan hack & @realDonaldTrump apologist! 
Tired of his boiler plate letters!

I can't afford my deductible. What part of that don't YOU GET ? Obama care is a failure.
The very definition of passion! The very image of ferocity! Rock on Senator Warren!!!
Thant you. :)
Standing up for health care that ain't working is sad
#fakenews from a #fakeIndian
"The Power is With the People!" Thank you Sen. Elizabeth Warren. @Michael36776349
March on Washington now! Let them know they will be fire immediately #resist
Your a delusional idiot Pocahontas.
Sorry Jeri.....she needs to call it a career....screechy, bellicose, not relatable.
Pocahontas's
So tell us what to do? I called McCains office everyday, so that doesn't seem to work.
Be strong around Warren she smells B/O & bad breath
@Jessica65864285 YOU GO WOMAN! LEAD THE PEOPLE WE RISE AND ROAR!
Sure and let warren take all of your money like her democratic counterparts
@SenWarren Thanks to you and those who voted against repeal.  #lyingDonaldTrump #EvilRepublicans do not represent the people! 
To bad you didn't fight when it came to Obama disaster!
I saw a liar with a megaphone. Does that make your lies go further? I have as picture of a liar. Enjoy it.
It's a real shame you are so self serving!
Thank you for living up to the expectations we all had for you when we cast our votes. My pride in my country is reflected in your service.
Pathetic @SenWarren you're not fighting for #singlepayer #MedicareForAll you're condoning profits over people by not doing so. #failure
To be fair @elizabethforma if you had endorsed  @BernieSanders, US"d be in another situation 
#BernieWouldHaveWon
the honest people have spoken.Too many paid the penalty on there taxes.2,000 a month for premium.Why don't you have obamacare
My advice is it's on the floor, debate it fix the problem & send the bill to our president to sign into law, why trying to stop the process
So happy she's my senator 
WARREN FOR PRESIDENT!
#TrumpTheSenate #DrainTheSwamp
Among the disabled,  there are those w great experience ,past skill & knowledge. Would it hlp 2 use ppl as these 2 assist in writing HC plan
Senator, you rock! How about you share your recipe for growing a spine to the rest of the Democrats? You are someone to follow as an example
Poke Dumb Don mercilessly, "Poke-ahontas"! LOL! God bless you!

Cowards, that's what Republican senators are.
I really hope you guys do something about this recess so the ass president doesn't try and fire the ag and make a recess appointment
The cowards are on the side of Russia, they bully and run to the power, real Americans have to fight for them to be free, send them packing.
You, lady are a Prime example of the Lunatic Fringe.
The Republicans and the idiot we call president are setting our country back 100 years but next year when the Democrats take it back
Useful idiots.
Lizzy, Been checked out by a Psychiatrist. Using a loud speaker would not make you are a Senator, it makes you look like a Carnival Barker
I came out from NJ today to stand up for health care #saveaca
Sen warren had 8 years to fix the Obama health care and done nothing ,Now she is fighting,, Could it be her Term in  office  is almost up
@SenateDems Yes it is w\ the people that is why they voted in @SenateGOP. Repub should do what they promised to get our votes.
Dems call let your voice be heard, please. Let this administration where you stand
You tell 'em Ms Warren  rat bas&6134 that they are.

I'm with you.
I'm ready to fight for the USA even if I'm not from USA
Sooo proud of yall to .Did what yall good at --nothing!
We're so proud of our Democratic senators who put the American people over $$$. Thank you all.
Yes Be strong! Ugh why dont you work with Republicans and maybe you should use the healthcare system that you put up for the people.
Obama charged $400,000 just to speak at a medical conference. Kind of funny when he is all for cheaper medical.
If government never got involved in the first place, this would not be a issue. Obama made back door deals with pharmaceuticals.
32 million people lose their insurance out of the 323 million Americans.
Stop the non-sense for less than 10% of the people.
She is saying it like it is!!!
Repeal Obamacare.
Your favorite? 
Who was the best #US #president in the 20th Century? 
You throw every bit of your energy into protecting Americans.  Love your grit!  Protect your mic.  Trump/Russia Nation is after you.
She forgot her native headdress today!
Right on. I love you Ms Warren
Does selfishness come with prosperity? Only way to explain US/GOP attitude to depriving 20million plus of basic healthcare? Explain please!
11. In the pursuit of happiness: the more, the merrier! The greater the good, the greater the glory! PLEASE keep up the good WORK! (END).
10. We need to REDEFINE our measures of success. It's not what one earns or owns, it's how positively we effect, not just affect, others.
9.  Who ever decided that our WHOLE BODY shouldn't be completely covered? This includes men/women parts, mental health AND eyes and teeth!
8. It's our RIGHT to be fully covered, not "a right" to be FORCED to choose from lesser options. We shouldn't have to gamble with healthcare
Sen. Warren, I stand with you. I saw you on @maddow last night drained & tired but still fighting for us and with us. You are my hero always
7. VICTORY belongs to the people. And that ONLY comes when NO ONE is **FORCED** TO CHOOSE, because EVERYONE is fully covered.
Unfortunately apparently not! They don't care about even their own constituents at this point it's repeal and destroy his legacy at all cost
6. RISE to the challenge. REMIND them that this is what we've been asking for all along. UNITE for our common good.
5. PLEASE do our part, offer solutions, be vigilant, diligent, demand clarity and compete coverage for ALL, and vote down anything less.
Edit: That should say "compLete coverage."
4. Show EVERYONE that we CAN work together to get it correct because it SHOULD BE a SHARED cause and UNIVERSAL RIGHT for all to agree upon.
3. WE NEED TO WORK OPENLY TOGETHER NOW. SHARE the Democratic solutions we've BEEN banging on the closed doors for THIS chance to participate
You DAMNCRATS ARE TRYING TO CAUSE RIOTS, that is as unAmerican as U can get, SHUT YOUR TRAP POCAHONTAS!!
2. @SenJohnMcCain 's calling for the openness and debate we need to STOP the "We vs Them" divisiveness that got us to this point of Win/Lose
How come you never see any GOP senators speaking in front of the general public? They only speak at closed door fundraisers.
1. LOVE you keeping up WHAT you're fighting for but wish you could've praised @SenJohnMcCain 's call to work together as a victory for ALL
Is there any way to stop trump from bashing people who don't vote his way?
And u are proud of obstructing, providing no solutions? Dems+Reps=idiots^2
C'mon we hired YOU to get the job done. You're making over $200k/year. Do better. We're busy providing for our families.
Where were you a year ago, when it would have mattered?
You and your fellow representatives voted to remain in the ACA and are backed by an insurance plan in DC,, but could not do the same for us.
These are the type of people the USA should export to an Island and isolate them form society!! Nut case!
It sure doesn't seem like it some days...
Or it's in the power to STOP OCare an replace w something affordable Dems passed wo knowing reading OCare shame on you we r stuck w bad plan
Looks like maybe 50 people are listening to you that should be a clue Pocahontas
You talk the talk but don't walk the walk worse than welfare receiving pay and benefits for doing nothing repeal and replace Democrats next
Please take a long walk on a short pier into the swamp
John McCain sacrificed his last dignity & humanity yesterday at the Altar of Trump by voting 'Yes'. For a man undergoing cancer treatment!
Why don't you use your loud voice of rhetoric and put it to good use to work for ALL Americans not just those who vote for you!!!
I wish I could  help. Have two GOP senators. Nil hope. My fingers are raw and my voice is gone.
McCain is current in the best & most expensive medical hands for the treatment of cancer.
Although McCain’s wife is a multi-millionaire or billionaire, American tax payers foot the bill of his cancer treatment.
Senators do not fall under ACA,  They have a platinum plan.  When they join the the ACA plan ours will be Platinum !
@SenJohnMcCain stood at the Senate floor & gave a moving speech while denying average Americans the healthcare he is now enjoying.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for the American People.
Didn't the people vote to repeal and replace failing Obamacare last November? #FakeNews #FakeIndian
So I can keep my doctors, my plan and my premiums and copayments will not change?  Fraud
I'm a doctor who sees the corruption behind the ACA. NJ will have one health care carrier if we don't do something. Where's the competition?
can U speak normal?
Were trying but our GOP reps won't answer phones lines busy or VM full! Everyday I call, write email or tweet! So not feeling my power !
That should be the Democrats tag line "The Power is with the People" or "People Have the Power" I like it! 
You and your Dem colleagues have failed leadership 101. The people are roadkill along w/ACA, and democracy. If u can't lead get out of way.
You're amazing. Thank you!  #Resist
Actually it could've been stopped if @SenJohnMcCain had voted NO #legacy
If you ever run for President, you have my vote.
This republican is doing my part, fighting for rule of law, constitution, fighting for the rights of the people.   See me?
You're still the minority party. And no one believes the fake news outlets that cheer lead for you and the rest of the democrats
If you had backed Bernie Sanders you would not be here now trying to stop Reps taking health care away because he would of been President!
The republicans are proud too
#MillionsMarchNow before this happens.  Also, Create a firewall for #Mueller so he can do his job
When we have single payer healthcare.... we will start seeing death panels... Charlie gard in U.K. ? Gov decide who lives who dies
@tedcruz and @JohnCornyn are my senators and they don't give a crap what their constituents want. Just party over country til infinity.
Representatives represent the people, Senator represent the Country.  This protects us from Communism/DemocracySocialism
I can't believe that women is aloud to publicly speak.
Liz, the loudest fake progressive out there! "No courage" should be your official slogan..
I see such a small crowd. Democrat Party is going extinct...
U. k. has fantastic health care system 
N.H.S paid for with our taxes. Our gov is destroying it to profit the few U.S. style. Criminal. Evil
If you're really so concerned about healthcare, you should have supported Bernie Sanders... now, you're just making political points...
Oh fuck off.
You are the absolute worst.
And I don't even like the bill. Either way you are a toon.
Ready for Election. Every move is for the reelection #POLITICS
Let's call on America to be helped by creating vocational institutions towards employment.end poverty in America. That's real service
start by calling the power to end poveryin #America.American children go to bed hungry, education to American children not incarceration
For 50 years Dems have created programs to alleviate the problems mentioned.  You cannot keep throwing Tax Payers money away.
Thank you!
Instead of being hysterical why don't you start being constructive and work on fixing the ACA?
Don't protest your lack of majority. Write the NEW bill... go all the way and scope paying for it! Americans don't do soft launches. 
Elizabeth Warren for President!!!!
YOU'RE ON FIRE I love YOUR energy!
Thank you Senator Warren for all you do for us.
They don't have any constituents in Washington DC for crying out loud. That's why they're not out there speaking to them. DC is full of libs
#MedicareForAll is the only answer and must be our rallying cry! People know that Medicare works. So extend it to everyone. No one left out!
Why Obama's slogan wasn't Yes, I can, but rather YES, WE CAN!!!!!
Write, call...take to the streets whatever it takes! Democrats R in no position 2 stop GOP.  If we the people don't standup...we LOSE!
Thank you, Elizabeth, for all you do, for your great heart, and for your love of humanity.  We're lucky to have you.
Also the power to repeal.
#WAKEUP #STANDUP #SPEAKUP #LOUDVOICESNEEDED #HEALTHCARE4ALL
When the power to help Bernie Sanders to gain the Democratic nomination was with you & thus truly change things for folks. What did you do!
Thank you senator! Keep up the fight! #resist
Thank you!
Yes Queen Elizabeth Tell them! Those cowards went hiding, too ashamed to show their faces! That's ok, we will never forget their names


Did Soros also pay for the protesters' sun glasses?
Bravo! 
Americans are against Obamacare except those who don't work, never had, never will
Thank you for your stand, concern and conmitment
Never more clear than today. GOP doesnt care about our country. The people do. Time to show them how it's done.
That's what America needs. A tough, loud committed woman for president. I keep my fingers crossed for you, Mrs W!
I wish I could retweet this a million times.
