Coverage ripped away from tens of millions of Americans with Graham-Cassidy – kids with disabilities, grandparents in nursing homes.
They don't care. #SenateGOP has flipped Nixon's 
"War on Cancer" to 
"War on people who have cancer."
Republicans new plan is an attempt to move the RESPONSIBILTY of healthcare to individual states. That's a healthcare disaster in the making.
What is your comment about the Nation's 20 TRILLION Dollar Debt, . . partly caused by the debacle known as Obamacare?  #RepealObamacare
These people belong on Medicare or Medicaid  NOT Obamacare!
I hope seniors revolt if they do anything to harm our Medicare and supplements.  Life is hard enough !
This is obscene. When do these understand who they represent. Not the LOBBIES
Unfortunately the @GOP are past caring for anyone else apart ftom themselves! They are a #cult
Not according to the @GOP  they are heartless, soulless pigs. They need their tax cut!
Hmmm,  Sen Warren- don't trust your bias assessment.
Sorry Sen Graham , your bill is heartless and makes no sense.
U know there lying whenever they start bringing up kids and grandparents. Pocahontas lies 
Funny, I never heard one peep out of The King Center about Obama's 8 brutally long yrs of FAILURE, Debt, Food Stamps, Black Unemployment . .
Universal healthcare:
@SenWarren Obamacare is imploding,causing 3.5M to go without healthcare,go bankrupt with it,or die http://trying.You  hv no solution.
@SenWarren How can Ron Johnsons Homeland Security Committee hold a hearing on the Healthcare Bill? Something stinks
Fix Obamacare don't repeal and replace!!!! Why hurt millions of Americans!!! What will you get from that
Coverage ripped away from all millions at final failure of ACA BHO no care.)
This is a horrible bill.  Throwing millions of people out of healthcare is wrong.
King Center giving a beautiful tweet.E.warren trying to stick a pin and aggravate..Try calm e w
Republicans still don't get it.
To the Republicans it's ALL about those things. Republicans don't DO humane. Republicans don't DO caring. Republicans don't DO what's right.
Some people may need to leave the country and get socialized medicine.

Well 2 of the are.

BS
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE:
Warren you smack of continuous lying.
Like Congress bypassing ACA as written, taking taxpayer subsidy? That caring about people? Watch HC get real attn if they feel same pain
Abolishing Obamacare is just that.
Elizabeth Warren where do you get these numbers. I should believe someone who lied to get into Harvard.
@chick_in_kiev @SenWarren Fascism approaches fast. This the New US of Babylon! She's falling fast! #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Not to mention, their policies are unpopular & they have NO mandate. (Slim congressional majority/exec lost popular vote.)
@SenWarren I have a $6000 deductible that's not healthcare! You are lying! 6mil+ pay the fine!That's how bad it is! Pathetic
Lies and more lies...the Left, in its voter pandering, is not concerned about lives but death and @PPact and the murder of babies via Roe/73
pocahontas, you are such a liar. run poc,fun. become a McGovern
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/909824912340140032 …
IMHO- falling for GOP divide & conquer strategy serves their purpose.  Real question should be how do "we" come together.
If it passes, Red States will be hit the hardest.
The Republican party will literally be decimated by it.
Now I'm hoping that they pass it.
Including those paying the bill?
Donald Trump's unpresidential presidency keeps hitting new lows
But it IS all about one party winning. That's the problem.  Senator Warren is and has been part of the problem and not part of the solution
But that makes too much sense! Politicians seem to hate common sense!

Women's RIGHTsareHUMAN Rights!Why are we Fighting the SAME RIGHTS over and OVER?!!Rankin 1st Female Sen Warren's 1st Female....Legacy Contin
5 LIES------that the Democrats told about their health care bill

That law was built on lies

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
ALL Americans able to stand against this must for those who can't. Regardless of party. Let fellow Americans die for profit? No. Not ok.
These beings care only 4 themselves. Compassion & humanity are qualities they don't possess/concepts they refuse 2 grasp.
Lizzie your fearmongering is getting quite old! If YOU really cared you'd get to work on health care and stop scaring people! How bout that?
@SenWarren hey Pocahontas, liberals only care about freestuff for votes! Holes need dug, shirt needs shoveled, earned it!

But unfortunately Republicans don't care about people and that is the problem here
Thank you for the clear information. ACA has some issues. But removing preexisting, and individual mandate are areas that need protection.
Yeah but how are their rich friends going to get richer if they don't screw over the American public? They have campaigns to fund.
The @GOP is pushing a bill that directly harms/kills americans for a tax cut for the wealthy! #domesticterrorism #GrahamCassidy
Provide evidence or you're just whining.
Doesnt matter...already lost coverage under the existing system, but not before paying the near 30% increase & tax for a brief coverage gap
Term limits
Only thing all you politicians care about is your own hide to get relected

They swore an oath to protect the people and the constitution. And they are spitting on both for their OWN agenda
Lol healthcare is not part of the constitution!
where. is. the humanity?  all. their laws. only help. a. few. while. weakening. our. society as a. whole.  they. are. morally. bankrupt
What would you call 20 trillion in debt?
