Look who's talking about being crooked
That was there way before POTUS Trump was elected.
You and yours are the deep rot in DC. How can you pretend to be about the USA instead of your own bullshit agenda. #draintheswamp
We the people RESIST you @SenWarren.
True
Drain the swamp. Impeach 45. #TaintedTrump #Russiagate @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader @USAGSessions
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Exactly
Please take Pres. Rump down
Wow really in less than 200 days ur nasty nasty woman but I think u should talk about ur friends crooked Hilary n low life OBAMA
Are you serious? Then donate all proceeds from your book! I can be the accountant.

I can't believe this man is our President. It is only a matter of time... all people will see that TRUMP is a blemish on our USA.
And both parties are up to their waists in it.
You're kidding, right Liz? You're part of the deep rot; he is the outsider
Look lady you're a millionaire I'll gotten by your CORRUPTION! Sit down!!
Warren look over your shoulder you will see the rot. Then look in the mirror and you will see Pocahontas!

All of you are at least a little rotten. Some more than others, but you're certainly not at the bottom of the list.
Yes, let's pretend all donations - and donors - are the same. *smh* what next? You going to ask about his emails?
Yes the swamp is breaking with green 
An obvious truth that many conveniently skirt in the name & practice of extreme partisan politics  It's an extremely disturbing reality 
"Drain the swamp" meant drain democracy and supplant it with Russian money and its political style
Another black person that continues to dance to "donkey music" supplied by the Jackass Party DJ.As a black man,I tuned it out 8 years ago.
Flashback: Liberal Media Completely Ignored Hillary Clinton's Leak of Classified Information During Debate
Flashback: unsourced and unproven accusation made on Twitter - no one cares.
Obama was way worse and you said nothing, shameful
Specifics please. Unless they include his race.
And reaches clear down to the local's municipal cores, & it'S BIG money. Which is Much-a-do ABOUT being "ABOVE ThE LaW," & participation(s).
Yes ma'am and it's all in the hands of dumbocrats...y'all are rotting from the inside out..some faster than others..
Just since 1/20/17 or has it been there rite along u r lost Warren head up butt big time
Dems have also been tainted w big money. Will you be able to convince voters that real (non-corporate ) democracy is possible ?
Then forsake your salary as an example!!! Sure you won't? TERM LIMITS NOW, Wench!!!
I cannot get over the ignorance of liberals on this thread. They all repeat the same stupid talking points...Ostrichitis?
Democrats have no moral authority on financial corruption in politics until we have candidates who represent 99%.
Obama added more to the national debt that any President to date.
*heap big rot
It costs to much to run for office. There needs to be a cap on how much money can be spent.
Yeah, because that will get past the Supreme Court.  "You can only talk about elections THIS much
Mrs Warren. S Read had less the 1m now has 7. H Clinton broke when left whitehouse now has over a 100m. What's in your wallet (now). Quit it
We shrug because you ignored blatant disregard from #HRC w/evidence & Ur chasing something that nit there hoping it will
McConnellRussiasuperPAC
politicians like yourself have caused this problem. want it changed introduce legislation to prove you're serious. Or you're blowing hot air
There was a stench long before Trump got there!!
Campaign contribution lead Washington by the nose.  The people's wants and need are ignored.
we find it unbelievable Republicans are complacent while Trump continue to cause harm to our country/principles. Crazy
Liz, get with the program and learn politics and get off you're soap box and out of government!
Yes for the last 8 years
Yep, and you're so rotten, you stink
More Pocahontas lies
Lizzy or Pocahontas, where did you get a $20 million dollar net worth as senator! Job doesn't pay that much! TRUTH needs to be TOLD

That rods been there for decades you're part of it
Talk about rot, Dimms are stinking up the place!
You're worried about corruption? leave the @TheDemocrats
Because they are part and parcel of that decay.
Lot of them don't care... Like his voters
Already? Get a grip you loon been that way for 30 plus years
The rot in DC is the Dems refusing to believe that Crooked Hillary lost and Donald Trump won, HE IS OUR PRESIDNT
How about making professional "lobbying" illegal?
It's Un-American, undermining Democracy.
Them little  stained fingers of yours are the hands in the pot.
You should know
Dark Money: thanks to conservative SCOTUS
Get out of bed with corporate Dems like HRC.
Yes and you're part of the problem Elizabeth. Either you are a fool in this coup d'etat on President Trump or you are a party to it. Which??
Yea with all the left over oboma people including you WHATS IN YOUR WALLET ?
How true.
Says the woman who takes money from banks AND lied about being Native American in order to get money.  Classy, Fauxahontas
WHY DID YOU LIE ON FORMS TO LINE YOUR POCKETBOOK, SAYING YOU HAVE INDIAN HERITAGE TO BENIFIT YOUR CAREER?  TELL US? CRICKETS.? SAD SENATOR!
have we no protection against criminal activity from the @GOP&trumps administration,They dont have the US best interest!
Filling the  swamp.
I can't wait for election time to vote you out
SEN. WARREN WHY CALL OUT PEOPLE MAKING PROFITS ON REPO HOMES, THEY BOUGHT FROM BANKS. WHEN YOU DID THE SAME THING, HOW MUCH $ DID YOU MAKE?
It's time to truely "Drain the Swamp".
It is too many different troubling things. Even if half of the shitstorm is half true, it's too dishonest for American @POTUS
YOUR THE ROT IN D.C.,...POCA'...SUICIDE IS PAINLESS...YOU FUCKN BITCH...I COMMAND YOU TO DO IT...bt
Think you are jealous because none is coming your way. Haven't you got enough from Clinton's Obama your state
and they want a new brand of politician not afraid to propose BOLD changes that can address this rot
It would be interesting if those like U could step back, look in the mirror & realize it is U doing the damage to our democracy TRY IT
Shrugs are for the MSM fake news. 95% of Trump supporters still support him. Do you work for free?
Needs to stop.
Money is causing a deep rot in DC & most of the wall against draining the swamp is the progressive global socialist democrats like yourself.
Ru poor?
Has been for decades.  There was a guy named obama that stole millions for his Iranian deal
Your hatred of wealth is UNAMERICAN. #nothingwrongwithmoney
@SenWarren playing "pot meet kettle"? 
@realDonaldTrump am I Ever Gonna get My Golden Parachute? Give Me Liberty! Or give me Lead?
That was happening way before Trump. DRAIN THE SWAMP
The Electoral College has given us 2 unelected presidents in 2 decades-therefore we are now a plutocratic oligarchy. Warren in '20!
If we can amend the Constitution, we can get rid of Electoral College...and paid lobbyists.
Too true, they are just feeling despair that there is no effort in Washington by his own party to address the conflicts. We know you care 
It's past time to do something about it, and it looks like the FBI and NYAG are ready to start kicking some ass. #RESIST #TraitorTrump
Lmao you got some big balls to say that pochantos how much money have you took from companies.thats the pot calling the kettle black
Whoaaa her heads on backwards 
NEWSFLASH DC was rotten long before January 20, 2017. Get a grip on reality, Liawatha.
Stop Liz your not going in the Whitehouse.......ever no really ever.
Big money has always ruled DC, but now it's just obscene how the prez chooses his ppl around him. All millionaires, nthg less.
I'm sure Trump believes anyone who is NOT  a millionaire is a stupid loser drain on the economy. Silver spoon
How arrogant of #Trump to soil the WH with Russian adversaries, one under FBI investgt.; barring U.S. press; secret mtgs & secret logs. Wow.
Stop the rotting DNC in DC and stomp out Republican Party - Lift the Green Party
It be one thing if Trump had made alliances already with the right people. It might not be so shady meeting with all the bad players.
It makes me wonder what dirt does Russia have on our @GOP and 45.???
What dirt does trump have on @senwarren?
Senator Warren The rot, dear Elizabeth,lies not in the Pres,but in yourself that you are an underling! (Sorry Will)
THEN WHY DID YOU SUPPORT @HillaryClinton AND HER SHAMELESS "RESISTANCE" SUPER MONEY SUPER PAC. SHAME SHAME SHAME
We are a group of Southerners who are BLUE living in RED states. We want to act.
I'm blue in a red community (69% in county) in a blue state.
Did I mention my neighbors hate me? 
I know how you feel. We're in the Bible belt. No hope for our state. My group has Southerners from almost every red state. We're angry!
It's because there's no evidence just as there's no evidence that Obama wasn't a Accountability w words please!
So when will Dems make campaign finance reform a major platform plank? Seems like NOW is the time, base wants it
Seriously Elizabeth. It's time to delete your account. You are the poster child for term limits.
He was suppose to drain the swamp...but it looks like he refilled it with even worst scumb...TRUMP 4 PRISON 2017
they don't care, will only care if it impacts their ability to get re-elected otherwise BAU
Democrats r crooks to
Sorry, Ms Warren.  Respectfully, it IS because they don't care.
No, they're convinced we're Commie abortionista wanting to turn USA into Canada.
Washington D.C. voted 93% for Hilary CIinton 

This is why we elected @realDonaldTrump.

You are an embarrassment @SenWarren
Also because they've abandoned any political principles other than "defend my side." Lost site of the role of gov't in ensuring common good.
Getting rid of @SteveKBannon would be a start.
#GOP complicit and in POTUS / Putin pockets. We must not shrug; instead we must attack every chink in all parts of the armor. #TrumpRussia
Of only you had evidence you wouldn't need an investigation!
l have started a 'secret' group on FB so we can talk openly. Please, tell us what we can do to begin to act. Over 50 members & growing fast!
Vote out @SenWarren
Lizzy, you and your DNC cronies are the deep rot in DC
You lost November you keep trying all your lies your delusional democratic party corruption
Example : George W Bush put the executive leadership of Enron in federal prison
But following the 2008 financial crisis, which hurt many, many more working class Americans, the Obama administration failed to prosecute
a single person, despite widespread criminal abuses. Why did democrats fail to enforce our laws fauxcahontas?
He was supposed to have Isis wrapped up by now. Meeting with all these bad hombres is just for Trumps business.
Yes Senator Warren. AND, those same everyday Americans are so frustrated feeling no one is doing anything to end DT's terror. Please help us
Ahhh.......like those $400k speeches your boy Barry is now making?
You endorsed @HillaryClinton. You lost your your seat in the saddle on that high horse. Stop talking.
hopefully the younger generation will pay more attention and clean up DC and throw the current GOP out in 2018
People who have morals and money confused
taitebulunanilk şey ateş20yıuzygeiyyeparabbalaroasppbeytullakhtemel
Like the deep rot #SethRich is surely experiencing
Conflicts? This is TREASON.  This is thumbing his nose at Americans. DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!
You don't know what treason is.
Have you sat in your grammar school hallway with your head between your knees waiting for nuclear annihilation by Russia? I bet not.
When will we be able to depend on the Senate and House to save our country from this traitor? We're running out of options.
The whitehouse needs someone like you that cares for the people.
She could be a grounds-keeper
They know its a matter of time before he topples.
In 2,806 days
The use of your imagination & embracement of dreams is "wholly appropriate" 
Expose the fraud and then exposed yourself
You know you have
16 ggggrandfathers?
Seriously
YOU'D KNOW
No one believes or trust you
LOLZ
#TRUTH - SO many IMPLICATED - ultimately COMPLICIT
