The problem with Lizzie Warren is she hates Trump and conservatives so much no one can get anything done
So you're saying one smart woman is more powerful than the president and all those republicans in Congress. Let's elect HER then. Go Lizzie!
All she does is counter what the conservatives say. Does not matter what it is she is against it. It is a job I guess
Dear BOM, 
I guess you missed the fact that she was the driving force in the creation of the Consumer Protection Agency.
Mostly all I hear is her bitch and moan and chant
That sounds a lot more like Trump than anyone else. Warren at least gets things done.
Donald Trump doesn't want to stand up to the banks, he wants to work with the banks to line his pockets with more money
I doubt money is a motivator to Trump. I think he has enough of that

What/who is that ?
Easy to spot bots, when they don't know who Marsha Brady is.
You are getting a lot of mileage out of total nonsense. You just don't look pure mean. Strange
We're not mean, we're patriots. 

Trump is mean. He's mean 2 women, minorities,allies,disabled,LGTB,Rebs,Dems, his own staff,his wives...
But you guys are nice to me, right ?
Thank you @SenWarren
so in essence, you want more Gov, more regulations and more Taxes because you dont trust anyone in Business to make good decisions?
She wants better regulation of largest banks to prevent repeat of high-risk activity that devastated middle class, no tax increase required.
More regulations means more Gov, which takes tax dollars. #math101
Better regulation of banking behemoths would have spared 1,000s of foreclosures & prevented need for $700 billion bailout. #math101
#classic subprime borrowers buy homes without showing income then default, and we blame the banks for selling it #americandream
The lendor has an obligation to determine if the borrower can repay, its called risk.
If the borrower cant, the lendor is out the money.
But since the banks got bailed out bc they cant do their job, & its clear theyd continue to get bailed out again & again & again
YES, we need more regulations.
and your any better hippocrate
Warpath...
Look who is talking! The lying indian!!
No one has stood up to the big banks. Remind me of how many people were prosecuted for tanking the economy in 2008?
Senator Warren.....don't you ever get tired of listening to yourself because there's millions of people who are tired of your troublemaking.
This woman isn't smart enough to be dog catcher how did she ever get to Washington - probably bought her way in
Go Ms Warren!!!!
Warren you have never stood up for the working people
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXL1aj7lzRl/ 
She stands for anything that impedes Trump agenda or anything that Trump do
And yoy just did a wall st speech hypocrite
Well, he sure as hell isn't going to start now.
Love it 
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up to this administration and big money interests
Is she the only good person in Washington?

I'll take her over any koch brothers senator.
Sen Warren represents sleaze and corruption. Her followers are few, she is hated by her own constituency and is behind in all the polls.Sic
Give it up
Kinda like you pretended to be an native American?
It appears as if he does not know a great deal. Good lord, isn't there someone else that is more qualified?
Your just mad because he's not part of your tribe
Define "big banks."  Define "standing up."
Neither have u lol
Maybe he held his nose like Hillary.
This guy is an idiot! GOP will vote unanimously to approve nomination
That's the whole idea.
Anyone notice that she loves to complete sentences for the people she is questioning?
I doubt you have stood up for the American people ever. None of you senators
#Apointments #ElizabethWarren #Resist
good point, liz, however, why did you vote to confirm mattis and mnuchin, and then support banker/saudi backed sanctions on iran and dprk?
Muzzy also can barely contain herself at hearings but she has no real ideological underpinning. She's just another mentally ill senator
The real issue with DAM Lizzy is daddy issues. Stay was fired by bank means all banks are bad. Lizzy is mentally ill.
You're so focused on the big banks but no one outside of your little tribe cares.
Another lobbyist
HYPOCRITE
Will you adopt a full grown single mom from GA? Asking for me
Thank YOU for taking a stand against big banks & nomination of Wray!! You & 4 others made the right decision. I want #SchiffWarren in 2020
I stand up to them all the time. I've suggested "Chair ATMs" to no avail.
Watching this video made my day! Thx for your leadership @SenWarren
Sock it to them,Sen. Warren!!
Its time for hard jail time for economic crime, not just a settlement disclaiming responsibility!
mmm one who speak out both sides of mouth. lets see about 2.3 mil in donations from people representing the sector u vilify. hypocrite
You have not stood up for anything but more government and socialism Pocahontas
KEEP ON PRESSING SENATOR WARREN 
FIGHT PRIVATIZATION OF PRISONS + JAILS 
Your a fraud!!
Too bad Warren runs the biggest hack bureau, zero oversight from Congress. Her CFPB milks taxpayers millions:
the past is not always an indicator of the future. he is a person of quality, not partisan and skilled. unWarranted hysteria
Wish you would run!
You neither.
You are awesome @SenWarren ! Keep up the great work.
thankU 4 your backbone,ur indefatigable mission to protect& strengthen our precious democracy. STAY STRONG, my fervent prayers
r with u.
@ZoneyBelle @realDonaldTrump so says pocaheinous.
You are the problem...
Did you use big banks when you were flipping houses?
Tell him hun.. #afight4us
You are a loon
I'm writing a book on Wells Fargo Foreclosure's and their dirty little secrets!!! Get at me with all your horror stories and stand up !!!!!
The problem with Elizabeth Warren is that she is a liar. Built her career on pretending to be a Native American #DespicableYou #Pocahontas
We love you, Elizabeth!
A must watch questioning of a guy who is supposed to regulate big banks gobbled up n spit out by EWarren! Rs will vote 4 him! Buy gold now!
@IBM @GinniRometty $IBM funds Sen Warren so won't stand up on this scheme.  @infowars @alexjonesshows @FannieMae
Neither have you Pocahontas
You really do your homework, Senator Warren. Keep speaking out for truth & transparency.
“@SenWarren:Problem w/R.Quarles?He'sNEVERstoodup2big banks'n30yrcareer. ” U'VE BEEN NOMINATED2HEADIT&UHAVEN'T READIT?
Thanks to Dodd / Frank, all we have is big banks. Most of the small banks were put out of business by that rotten piece of Dem legislation.
Trump is A crook an he in with Russia an we don't need a crook in office
WhyDowe keep putting up with Trump it's time to quit pussyfooting around an impeach Trump before More problems
Trump is nothing when he cut people down. He needs to be impeached an his vice-president an the whole  cabinet
He cut down our vet's cut woman an disabled people it this what kind of president of the United States we,want?
Please impeach Trump all he is out for is the rich an not the poor people get him out
Please go shopping for clothes lady
And you haven't told the truth for decades.  Doesn't seem to be an issue for you.  Ever take any money from the banks??? Hmm???
ms warren, please take the dna test to prove to trump you have indian heritage. he is a buffoon, amoral with no conscience
Oh, so then he should fit right in with Hillary, Schumer and Biden all BIG BANK proponents and beneficiaries of big bank largesse. Right?
You mean like Democrats who take 100,000+ speaking fees at their events ?
Love you Elizabeth!! 
The problem with Elizabeth Warren is that she's completely removed from reality!
Stood up? What the heck does that mean? What do you stand for? Open borders to people and drugs? Free everything?
Stop posting disturbing videos!
@SenWarren  - The White House Department of Virtue @WH_Virtues agrees with your problems with the nominee.
Do you have any other clothes?
Sweetening the pot for big banks will allow Trump to borrow from U.S. Banks again! His motives are so transparent!
Did he really infer that the ancillary rules were the primary purpose of Glass-Steagall? I'm no lawyer but isn't the word ancillary a hint?
U don't know where to stand
And I sit in @SenStabenow hind quarters and in Distrct 5 of @RepDanKildee's outterTimbuktu, Goodrich, Mi. No thanks to this RQ. Thank you
Ok fake Pocahontas, let's see your $$ trails
We are not as dumb as before.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randal_Quarles …
Greetings from the Royal Home
Your a joke granny
She also oversaw TARP which gave big banks billions of taxpayer dollars.
Bravo Senator Warren!!!!!!!!!!!Trump you're pathetic!!!!!!
Jesus Christ I'm trans and somehow miraculously have bigger proverbial stones than most the Cishet fuckboys playing government out there...
Trouble with Liz is she talks too much and doesn't say anything - she really needs to go.
First of all we need Trump out of office. He's encouraging big banks!
How are you still in the Senate. The people of Mass need to get rid of you.
Since I owe them,it's not much to ask for income based repayment for private student loans. Banks will still make billions in interest!
You only stand up to ones you can't force bribes out of, then make it about yourself for your next campaign. Fact
She's right

Fauxahontas continue to spread lies your seat is gone!
I adore your passion and tenacity, Senator Warren.  Thank you for trying to protect us from tRUMP.

Then Randy Quarles is @realDonaldTrumps kind of folks!
Hi ma'am we need your insights and x ray in India as well.
The problem with you is, you love rasing taxes  with the rest of you democrats.
Poor @SenWarren Menopause is hard, hang in their girl, the hot flashes will pass soon! P.s - Try hormone injections.
What is it with u and big banks? Dem Barney frank responsible
Volcer Ruler Not Enforced No Glass -Steagall @maxkeiser @stacyherbert @SenSanders same Path As 2008 Meltdown No Safety Thanks @SenWarren
The best way to oppose a bank is to put your money in a credit union.

Choice is power. Exercise your power.
I've watched this probably 5 times!  You are fantastic!!!
whenever I see Sen. Warren in a hearing i feel like Im cheering on the person standing up to the bully @LouiseMensch @asegel @SenWarren
I cannot believe a woman who lies about her heritage!  She needs to go and live in the conditions which so many Native Americans
Here we go again. Just a matter of time before the next scheme and the market is primed for bc only the rich is benefiting from this mkt.

You are hot air!
another bad choice. What a joke.
hes never told them to "cut it out"?
You've stalled every nominee since day one. You don't really care about anything except obstruction.
Oh like Dems have hogwash !
the president stands up for the American people unlike you crooked hillary and crazy bernie
no senator Warren the problem is you and your socialist agenda

The fact that Sen. Warren was allowed to run over her time. Shows how much she's respected. You go Elizabeth!!
Hey Lizzie:  how did the stock market do today? Hint:  #HighestCloseEver
It's always GOP who wants deregulation of banks! FDR was right! Bush did & tanked; Trump a horror! FDR is right!
#1 Viral Video REMIX Alex Jones Living Meme Explosion / Super Deluxe / B... https://youtu.be/tPTrIK0i7b4  via @YouTube
Warren 2020
Warren you gave the big banks a trillion dollars
I think that is the point, Senator Warren. He will not stand up to the banks or anyone else.
Way to go Senator Warren!
But Chuck has
Oh no! The big bad banks. Someone hold me.
Elisabeth warren and change - sure - and she's sitting Bulls 3x great granddaughter and Pocahontas's half sister once removed by 100 yrs
To act as if you give two shits about anyone but yourself - unrealistic - about as believable as your claim to be an Indian
All of you elected to the federal government are in bed w banks and big business and to say otherwise is an outright lie
What is your bank account balance Senator? Yeah you won't answer that !
You're the problem Pocahontas.   Do the people a favor and step down.
Not like you did.  Well, except for that time when you were backing HC and the whole banking thing kinda fell by the wayside.
Can't fix a problem blame the new guy as u sit on ur big weble butt & do nothing after getting elected ! Do nothing shaken old lady Warren
Boom!!! Great Jobw Ms. Warren!!
Isn't that the reason DJT would want him in this position?  His perfect puppet?
Zzzzzzzzzz when will you say something relevant?
Do not approve him
A big problem with trump is he didn't stand up Bernie in 2016?
Ms Warren, is that all you got? Guess we shouldn't expect any more from you! You never disappoint to be a disappointment! smh
This is how a human is able to question her fellow citizen. Imagine how God will be doing it on That Day.
We need gulf war issues taken care of

I'm sick of this song & dance. @SenWarren will we get ANY nominees who actually support the missions of gov agencies?
Oh hell no! No more bailouts to the REAL SWAMP! #Resist #TrumpChaos
Sounds like your record Pocahontas.
I love you.
Probably he's w/ those too big to fail issue harassed characters hiding behind, "huh"?
Are you lying again Liz? Liars always lie. Want to see a picture of a liar?
8 5 12 16 13 5
The problem with you are your politics
Bravo Senator Warren!!! I tip my hat to you ;)
What concerns me about Senator Warren is she's so far to the left that with 1 more leftward side-step she'll fall right off the Flat Earth.
@SenWarren keep fighting the "big banks" for all Americans. You are our voice!
The problem with you is, well, everything!
One of many reasons for #warren2020
Uh huh this from a woman who sold her soul to the devil.. aka Hillary Clinton!
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
That's the only problem?
Love you but being right isn't enough any more.
I love you @SenWarren #courage #spine #intelligence
What have you done lately senator Warren
Power Women !
