@Sanddragger Stop being an obstructionist and approve Trump's cabinet give him a chance to govern
Maybe Trump can trade her a mirror or some shiny beads for her vote. Tactics from the Louisiana purchase
We already see how Trump treats Native Americans in the Dakota's.  Forked Toungue
Unlike Warren who lied about being a Native American for her own gain and privelge
We all know Warren's a liar....just like Trump.
Trump isn't lying he is making all of his campaign promises come true
So we are going to get free govt healthcare for everyone like he promised?
he didn't promise you free health care he promised affordable healthcare that works
I am sorry but unless you all do something to get this man out of the White House stop tweeting
@BevDiane Come on. She can’t do anything yet. 

So she should just shut up?
Dems HAVE TO GET PPL WHO ARE WILLING TO REALLY FIGHT and not just talk!
What do you mean by “fight?”
I mean BLOCK EVERYTHING! Not vote with Republicans on his cabinet picks! Ppl didn't VOTE/March for her to capitulate!
They’ll still win. Pick your battles
If "they'll still win" then she had no reason to vote with them did she?
Called picking your fights.
thank you for standing strong on your morals and ethics 

She stands up for what she believes in not who. Many of the doctors I work with are great people who are afraid
well I will believe it when u show me a picture of the refugees coming in that are not all 18-35 year old men!
ya but we're r all the women fleeing? We will not become Europe! Americans first!
a threat but he said this during his campaign.
@lisalouise0824 that is not a true statement
Prove it, beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I'M NOT WILLING TO RISK ONE AMERICAN LIFE. WHY ARE YOU? SUPPORT SAFE ZONES. REFUGEES INFILTRATED BY TERRORISTS. SEE EUROPE.
9-11 was done by the Saudis yet Trump DOESN'T have them on that list. Because he has business ties there.
Yep. I say add them & Europe too!
@megankillian and 10x fewer than the number we have safely and warmly welcomed in Canada.
You have 75,000 veterans that are unemployed and homeless. Take care of them first!
yeah right
Obama was funding terrorists with our money in Syria.... we don't need to import his cancer
Source?
Tulsi Gabbard
Link me an article from a credible news source. All I found when I looked was that she met with Assad.
LOOK at the videos Liz...they were mostly young fighting age males who should stay home and fight for their country !
gosh, now I know why you guys stick together, I feel so cushee warm with all this SH!T you guys tell each other! God bless Trump!
the damned cowards should stay and fight for their land. Our kids are over there fighting for them! Our money, our blood!
@ChloeBennet4 so all of them? Not a single burger flipper or cab driver out of the lot?
u my dear are so wrong. But keep telling yourself that
that is not 100% true --- did you make up that fact???
And the San Bernadino,Boston, 911 were too? VET anyone entering.NOT a religion test
You are a Liar Pocahontas
@Leticia17922167 so stop it.  Your job!
Canada let in  Syrians. You know what no problems. No violence, no jihadists. Just a group of people who can finally feel safe
Canada is having problems. Do a search using an open source search engine. Google publicly announced minimizes
yes Canada has problems as does every nation but banning one type of person is not the answer.
And probably a few ISIS terrorists sprinkled in too as they promised to do. THIS IS A SMART TEMPORARY slow down. Give it a break!
..@SenWarren Show me one #2Dogs
Shame on democrats you are cowards no fight against Bigottrump  .
Do you kiss your bible with that mouth? You are a child of God? Christ is within you? You bring shame on God.
Hey, didn't you capitulate & vote for @bencarson ?
#BenCarson is a wonderful person. What is wrong with you all?
Liz, how do you know that?  It just takes one to kill Americans on our home ground.  It amazes me that we tolerate sharia law in the USA.
San Bernardino, Orlando?
Agree full heartedly that higher educated have&should come,&the uneducated should and hopefully have had this same opportunity.
$ should be used to help refugees in surrounding countries so they can eventually return home. Safe zones,stop the funds to ISIS
I know. I just can't understand why the Democrats aren't stopping this disaster. What's DT promised them? #resist
I too am very disappointed. We've got a bunch of fascist running around dismantling everything w/no resistance.
Bet they're saving it all to go after sessions. Big mistake. They should've resisted from day one. 
Yes, thank goodness, the only one we have heard do more than talk.

Ms Warren you MUST tell us what's going on!
I think you are mistaken- Clinton has business w Saudis.
Then don't tweet BS
but DIDNT- she pocketed every dime! #Haiti #SaudiKing
You are assuming that I'm for Clinton. I am most definitely NOT for those traitors! They only want to ruin
@tomgreenlive glad you vetted them all
OBSTRUCT #TrumpIsATraitor #Impeach #Imprison Enuff of nice stuff When the going gets tough...The TOUGH get going NOW do it!
that's a flat out lie
NOT ALL ARE AND YOU KNOW IT.  LIAR
we're they vetted properly to ensure my safety!!  Try sticking up for the safety of 

kids, doctors, engineers, and college students can be closet jihadists.
as long as they weren't lawyers...#lieahontas
um I think you forgot suicide bombers terrorists murderers and rapists
BS, dont fall for this disgusting woman's lies! @senwarren
quack
try solving a problem. Entering America is not the only option but you worthless Senators don't think, just steal our  money
Senator you need to be a patriot & defend th ppl of the United States first & foremost. The bad has entered & killed our citizens
Almost none of the "refugees" were Syrian: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/06/17/among-u-s-refugees-44-percent-are-muslim-and-syria-ranks-as-no-6-country/ …
They were peasants from Burma, Congo & Somalia.
lies lies why did ISIS say they will infiltrate the refugees n get here that way CIA FBI HLS all said under Obama this isn't safe
we all know you are unhinged remember isis said they would enter us as refuges or is your memory lacking also
All lies we are letting in young men who are to coward to fight for their own country but would welcome the death of ours
and some terrorist sympathizers!  Stop bleeding 4 aliens & bleed for our wounded & dead soldiers who gave so much 4 these people
... And they should be fighting for their country, not living off of tax payer
then let's see you all in congress do something!! We as the ppl have had enough
Pete, please stick to NASCAR.   I don't care what your personal views are, but I can cancel my XM subscription.
Open your eyes lady-  most were young men of fighting age who ran away from obligations in their own country.  Stop the lies.
.@SenWarren Please remember these refugees the next time you are tempted to normalize #Trump by voting to confirm one of his nominees.
And then they go to Christmas parties and kill Americans
@POTUS 4 God's sake Steve Jobs was of Syrian immigrant family - imagine if u banned his family, how much the world would've lost
leaving cowardly their country to #salafascist terrorists we support, now West & #Russia soldiers must die to kick them out 
Syrian Refugee's worked out good for the other country's who took them huh? Now woman get raped and attacks happens all the time
The terrorist brothers from Boston came here as kids too. Stop with your BS.We need proper vetting whether U like it or not.
Oddly enough, it was the Obama admin that designated the six countries  for special attention for their travelers  https://www.dhs.gov/news/2016/02/18/dhs-announces-further-travel-restrictions-visa-waiver-program …
So ur saying they're productive members of society? Jus like the San Bernardino killers were? Well, at least until they massacred 14 ppl!! 
or they are here disguised as legitimate refugees. That is what isis said they would do!  Traitor to your own people!
Cool, @SenWarren please publish a list of each of those...your words do not usually speak truth..you cry wolf too often. #Liar
Right.. keep LYING to Americans!    I'm sure there are some Terrorist too waiting to STRIKE & KILL.
then they need to be vetted and on their path to citizenship.
corrupt politician
http://www.snopes.com/jimmy-carter-banned-iranian-immigrants/ …
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/obama-mocks-trump-but-has-barred-immigrants-many-muslim-6-times/article/2594016 …
now I'm absolutely certain your insane!
and you're a fake Indian who failed to disclose a $1.3 million dollar line of credit you took out. Everything about you is fake.
this is exactly the problem.. as the best these countries have flee to the US, they reduce the hope their home country can thrive
Read the rationale. It seeks to exclude un-American values such as homophobia, sexism,racism,bigotry, hatred. Hmmm..,
@CodesLee and who else? #finishthestory
@PrisonReformMvt. Outrageous.  How can we help? And what the hell is congress doing to deal with this maniac.  Need ideas!!
What are you doing about it?
please keep fighting for them Sen. Warren and keep fighting against our fascist, thug "president" THANK YOU!!
How thorough was their vetting?
Well feeling we have a terrorist gov. now. Feels like we are back to the McCarthy days, just against everything but Russians.
never thought of it that way
Guess you haven't been to the shit hole in Michigan have you....they are OWED NOTHING!!! Lets take care of our own FIRST!!
.@SenWarren 

Trump is doing what he was elected to do.
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT
why are the doctors not staying to treat? The teachers staying to educate? The engineers to build? The college students to help ?
Thank you @SenWarren for all you do for our country and the rest of the world.  THIS is how a senator acts. (Take notes @SenatorTimScott )
LIAR!
It doesn't matter if they are maids or engineers. All men/women created equal
stop Trump
please Stop Trump Say NO to ALL cabinet picks!! Even Ben Carson? WHY?
please help stop Trump!
Where can I find those facts? How many of them are self-supporting? When will they return to their home? #NoPermanentStatus
France's & Germany's "love thy neighbor" policy failed miserably. USA must not follow their lead.
I also seek "safety from terrorists." If they are what you say, they should have no problem with the vetting. #CommonSense
After a short break USA w/b open again for those arriving legally, & having passed whatever vetting is necessary. #Americafirst
really? There were no single men between the ages of 18-50?  U certainly earned the name Chief Spreading Bull. That's a lie
this is why 1/2 of Americans have no patience. We are getting attacked on our own soil by so called citizens who had radical ties
@StevenKBannon have some respect for hard working immigrants there are lawful ways to secure our borders @POTUS
you're seriously that naive??
Senator, we agree - tell your colleagues; it's up to you guys now to reverse this.
Please point on your tweet when obama banned Iraqi refugees in 2011 because they were Christians. Where were you? @POTUS
. Do they have jobs & are self-sufficient or are taxpayers covering all expenses? You are delusional.
So what's your plan to do something about it? Where are the Dems? Where is the blowback?
@aIex_Ifc ok then take them to your state and integrate into your culture
yes, but their jobs don't matter! All people are valuable and equal - don't lose sight of what the real issue is here!!
Heads Up : https://twitter.com/trumpready/status/795854759357980673 … @SenWarren2020  @senwarren
Muslim Brotherhood Plan For the Destruction of the United States! Please Listen! #Trump2016 
thats why an 8 yr old girl was brutally raped in Idaho, by these same GOD fearing maggots...yeah right
https://twitter.com/censoredpatriot/status/825447056999403522 …
bullshit you have no idea who they are
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! Tired of hollow tweets.
You, like most Liberal Progressives are a DAMN LIAR.
You WILL LOSE your next election.
Senator, you are aware President Obama laid the groundwork for this, right?
https://mic.com/articles/166845/the-list-of-muslim-countries-trump-wants-to-ban-was-compiled-by-the-obama-administration#.rxYc7pCBd …
Federal agents are reinvestigating Syrian refugees in U.S. who may have slipped through vetting lapse http://fw.to/yF0EJJI 
we need action right now, this must be stopped immediately! Round up your people, we can not sit and watch helplessly tweeting!
we feel for good honest people but someone needs to take action-to protect OUR children-you weren't!Obama wasn't!Well, TRUMP has!
DJT  is. U n American...fear trickles down from top. Hate is starting to flow upwards
@CaroleRadziwill you do not know about all who came in! Don't pretend to!
start telling the truth
What r we doing to help green card holders stuck at immigration?
@EcBillofRights And you know that #How?
...Cause she visited an actual refugee camp & talked with them?
LOL!! Yup, She's a Psycho!

@CaroleRadziwill Senator, you and your fellow senators who believe this is wrong need to do your own march on Washington D.C. NOW
@CaroleRadziwill enough to create an army and take their country back
:SAFE ZONES! Tell their neighbors to take them in! They won't Bc they know better!
Tell that to the Germans or the Swedes; we ain't buying!!
@CaroleRadziwill 
Do something besides tweet, senator
@CaroleRadziwill LOL...this mentality is wbh your constituents say your done
Thanks for reminding people that we only give a shit about middle class refugees. We let the others die.
i need to understand why I'd trust or vote for someone that voted for Ben Carson. I think you should tell me.
and truck drivers from what I've been told from friends in Europe.
TRUTH. There are millions of people trying to live in the States, so they're only allowing the ones who have something to offer.
Realistically, this will have the better outcome than allowing everyone in. So no, this is not "Muslim banning". It's logic.
I believe you,  just like when you said you are an American Indian to get a job!
@KoolaidUSA Is this how it's suppose to be? Take those darn pens from Donald Trump and him off TV he's going to get people at war
but Obamas blocked Christians
lady you are a dangerous woman
take your medication.

The Syrians wouldn't be refugees if you had stopped Obama & Hillary's illegal arms deals & fake war to remove Assad. #FireWarren
every one of them where's your proof ?

Here is your laugh for the day!
#IWillNotPayForThatWall 
So you personally vetted them all and would stake your career, reputation, and the safety of our nation on that statement? #trump
Taking this at face value, they're fleeing a war started by Obama and Hillary. Not sure you get to lecture us how many to take.
Why should Democrats vote for any appointment DJT proposes that is anything less than 100% in agreement with Constitutional law?
Trump wife a immigrant so why can't others come into this country? Cause Russia full of white supremacist. He KKK period
》Terrorists we paid for Senator! CIA trained, US taxpayer paid. To topple Assad for globalist banksters 》petrodollar!
@maritzasolito The @POTUS just took a crap on refugees everywhere, including those that have aided our country.
you should let them move in with you!
along with terrorist it only takes 1
thank you for standing up for the truly Bowl horrible keep up the good work remember America is behind you
Prove it
B.S.
don't you think Iran will buy US products after that ?  #merchandising
Then why is this happening to them, not fair?
Madam Senator, thank you for your resistance.  Now to get the GOP to oppose the un-American things we are doing. We can do better
You really should focus on how @POTUS is hurting #TheAmericanPeople if he destroys our way of life we can't help anyone else.
the Boston Marathon bombers entered tissue country as child refugees.
I am ashamed about what is happening to these people.  I am disgusted by POTUS
stop lying
We don't know who is coming in got to be safe our citizens are more important that your voting block or a PC cause.
lies
not to mention those that put their life at risk to make it easier for the US in the war
It would be the college students I am afraid of
