#MAGA
and Trump University? ;)
You need to look into the fact that the G.I. Bill is only guaranteed for 36 months and Idk bout you but degrees take longer than 36 months
Serviceman earn College credits for the job.  Can complete a degree in 36 months. 6 +semesters
Assuming they have correct guidance. Many are screwed by career planners who don't give af and recruiters who never give straight facts.
Julia you are correct.  But there is a level of personal responsibility as well.
Most of these kids are straight out of high school so personal responsibility isn't exactly something that they have- needs to be taught
We are talking about Veterans not high school kids
If theys more predators on campus they be a eatin liberals anyway on account of they so soft. #MAGA
WHAT ABOUT THE LIFERS THAT COULDN'T STAY IN TO GET THE NEW GIBILL
Your just mad because you didn't think to line your pockets this time,or did you ??? #fire #poccahontas
Trolling only works when you know how to spell. Why do all of you trumpsters have such awful spelling? It's like a mating call!
Just curious Pocahontis - are you a 1 feather girl, or a 2 feather girl? Have to establish the correct pecking order you know.
Who is Pocahontis? You can't troll worth a shit until you learn to spell.
Sure would be great if all vets could get the lifetime option too A lot of us spend time dealing w/physical stuff, etc...after discharge 1/
2/some times its years before we can even think about school. Hope you will take this into fonsideration.
Good news on GI Bills. How about a new DMCA law so YOUR book, Sen. Franken's books and MY BOOKS don't get pirated? http://ronaldlsmith.blogspot.com/2017/08/doggone-it-al-franken-paypal-is.html …
Dear Elizabeth Warren , question - what about the veterans who have been cheated by publicly funded schools ?
Does that include Bernie sander's wife's college?
We R sic& tired of r $,R $,going 4 this,we need this fixed,VOTE OUT POLITICIANS FOLKS,GET NONPARTISANS IN WHO R NOT AFRAID OF VINTON MAFIA,
What about everyone else cheated
You don't give a feck about fallen GI's, you care about VOTES, Granny Warren. You lying hound! cc:: @HowieCarrShow  @TheTrivShow .
My husband was one of them. Thank you, senator. 
This is great, but college is so high already, we should be pushing back on predatory schools for all citizens.
Does it change GI money for colleges into "public funds" to take the wind out of predatory schools' sails?
Hey while we're at it why don't we get rid of all these payday loan places #socialjustice #stoppredatoreylending
Hii pretty
Tell that to your Democrats partners that cut it in 2011
And trump University...don't forget fraudulent trump University!!
War Is A Racket. READ IT. We/Govt. helped Chi Coms get HUGE Mining Rights in Afghanistan, but WON'T Do Right By Vets?!
Mrs Warren. You have done nothing to help in 7 years. You are a lier plain and simple. Trump has done more in 6 months.
Given Trump's University it is hard to see him endorsing anything along your lines  -- but I hope you are successful.
You forgot Trump University.
I'm about to faint- I agree
Thank you for continuing to fight for us Vets that we're taking advantage of by higher learning institutions..
What about non vets and DeVry students
@SenWarren Does that include people that claim to be na in exchange for $ they're not entitled to? Pay it back you crook!
What about us older veterans that missed the 15 year cutoff?
Agree!!!!!!
Yes!  Restoring those veterans educational benefits is Great News!
Where was this the past 8 years ??????
Obama did nothing to clean up vets admin. Little to improve race relations. Just call evrthng a problem.He did declare farm fields lakes
Just saw warren on news 5.
I think she's off her meds again
That would be fine except the state colleges and universities would raise tuition even more which would result in costing taxpayers way more
that was some time ago;  what took you so long?
NOW that you can piggyback.
Aren't all colleges preditory for profit threats, else how does an administrator from Harvard afford a multi mil $ house
As soon as that passes I'm going back for Literary Arts degree, need 45 credits.
The GI bill after WWII sparked the prosperity of 60s, 70s, 80s, etc.  Invest in the future.  There is a big pay off for everyone.
And Trump college?
Do something about the unnecessary classes required by state universities!
Where were you when vets were begging for help the last 8 years
How about mandatory military service upon reaching 18? Then people might understand what being a part of this country is all about.
Ever give back the money u cheated Native people out of posing as Pocahontas. And half or  better of the millions u made as a public servant
Seems like that was taken from the vets by your president obummer.
Under your watch dopey
No need to turn to for-profit schools. Your community colleges&technology centers r here for you. #ICTC in Muskogee

Widows of disabled Vietnam vets need to be educated after their Vets pass
They lose about 3/4 of income and have sm SS due to providing care
Nutcase
You rock! Thank you 
Has Trump done anything for the Veterans?
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/04/27/presidential-executive-order-improving-accountability-and-whistleblower …
I ask that question because they act like President Trump doesn't do anything!  FYI Thanks 
Yes Ma'am."They act" are the operative words there. @POTUS is so far ahead of anything They've done,the only strategy left is "claim it now"
I know and trying to claim what's been done from our President! Makes me angry 
Everything Schumer and Warren announce tomorrow, Trump did yesterday, easiest way to keep your eye on the ball. "A Better Deal" IS #MAGA.
How I know..I do let them know how I feel... taking credit for something President Trump has done   They are crazy  and Nancy Pelosi OMG
Oh yes Liz, being "for profit" is despicable, evil, not pure like Federal Government you love.
You never looked out for those who served but due to situations could not use the GI Bill and the 10 year time clock came and went.
You might want to look into how Christian Colleges and Universities have ripped off thousands by promising jobs that don't actually exist.
You want a job, you have to apply 1st...
Trump U?
Direct hit! Wow!
What about vets who were told you get Community college of the Air Force you don't need the GI bill?
Wait?  Wasnt this happening during the Obama era?  A democratic house, senate and presidency?  Why didnt this get passed then?! #CrookedDems
Obama administration IS the one to crack down on for profit schools. tRump & Devos ARE the ones rolling back regs 
Oh, i thought she was talking about schools in business during the last 8 years, not ones started during the first 5 months of TRUMP admin.
Huh? Try researching what was done to Corinthian schools & ITT tech. Any comment @ tRump University?
Thank you Senator 
Go get'm Liz - you're the best!!
I hope Wells Fargo has not been overlooked in their car repos, foreclosures on deployed troops.
But doubtful with repeal of Dodd-Frank that any of us will be protected from predators like Madoff, Mnuchen, Wilbur Ross.
and Social Security of course. the biggest Ponzi Scheme of them all.
Awesome, our veterans deserve justice, but so do non-veterans. The University of Phoenix is a bad player in predatory lending
#Happy #sunshine @SenWarren #Truth Lot of Cheaters @CambridgePolice Defendant & #CambMA City Hall #management corrupt, cheated people taxes
All your doing is trying to lie your way back to the vote we will vote you out don't need snakes in Congress!!
Just like ur twitter pic U R A SNAKE n the grass. What did she lie about?! Check ur facts before talking!!!
Nice touch!
All of those predators are still out there. Oh the effects we'll see into the future. THIS is why we have regulations.
Corinthian was slayed by #California AG #KamalaHarris
What about predatory non profit colleges?
I feel cheated with no military service. GOT HEALTH CARE?
