Please, please @SenWarren...get in touch with @Greg_Palast!  He can show you/ your colleagues all the dirt on Kris Kobach's #Crosscheck.
This nomination might just bite them in the ass, if it gets Dems to finally pay attention to @Greg_Palast and @mikefarb1
Democratic Congress is pedophile hangout #pizzagate a long standing stench where children are made appetizers for those demons
What world do you live in?  Trumpworld is crazy enough, and real.  Don't need these "fake-believe" stories for excitement.
AnnaMar, I think that's a troll or bot because it keeps attempting to inject that same tweet into my tweets or replies.
I think you are right...
I just blocked them.  Thanks for the head's up!
Can you force them to actually investigate voter fraud & give us the results? I'd like it proven to them that he really lost the pop vote.
Even if it were true, wouldn't matter. We don't elect presidents by popular vote.
outwitted Clinton on the campaign trail. W/30+ yrs experience on her side, that's shameful of her
I'm sure at some point you thought you were a patriot.  You're not.  You don't care about this country.
Again, you are the one whining over pop vote that's completely irrelevant in our electoral process.
Anything he says has integrity has to be suspect because he doesn't have any
Has anyone told him about the voters that were arrested for voter fraud trying to vote for him?!?
I heard of one. I heard of MANY more committing fraud on behalf of Clinton.
Video of DNC operatives admitting to fraudulent tactics.

A) @washingtonpost hardly a credible source B) these are the cases that made the news.
The concern is the ones that didn't. The ones that go uncaught (or unsought)
A presidential candidate made a big deal about this, people were more vigilant. I'll take the #WAPO over whatever "source" you have. #Muted
Of course, bury your head in the sand. That's exactly what I would expect. #Coward
Democrats have always relied on fraud. Sackofcrapajawea is afraid of what they might find
Really? I'm interested to see the quantitative statistical data behind your claim.
Really? Feel free to post the link right here 
It would be easy to post links to the democrats long history of election fraud. But people have tried to educate you their entire lived.
And it is quite apparent they have failed completely. Buh bye
Still waiting for a link on 'Democrats long history of election fraud'. Just because you say something doesn't make it true. Example sky=red
Dumb, mean & racist: Sessions is selling black&brown& poor bodies to  criminal/private prison industry. America not this dumb,mean&racist.
Sickening!
Just another distraction tactic!
Uh-huh.
and he continues to get away with it. Why is nothing being done?
Because the GOP are in charge.
So sad for what's going on with the repugs and tRump.
Nice play on words Nancy. But you still need to get out more often. Fresh air does the mind wonders.
His goal is total hegemonic domination. #PartyOfHate
It may lead to his hacking of the voting machines!
a "taxpayer funded charade" if you will
Don't bring Hillary into this.
Don T can Fire Comey, Destroy Health Care, Give rich tax breaks, Ruin Environment & DISMANTLE DEMOCRACY but he wont ESCAPE RUSSIA
War always has collateral damage and Putin has instigated an attack worse than Pearl Harbour. At least Japan eventually declared war
You know that you are technically crazy, right...??
Should I go and look in the Bible for answers?
Huge voter turn-out can be expected in the next election.  They have to stop that somehow.
Riiiiight. Just like the previous one right?
States are proving voter fraud all over US.  You make up stuff.
US elections should be on weekends so all voters can vote. laws need to change w/regards to who can't vote etc.
i have no issue getting to polls but know people who work two jobs. so yes....12+ hours. or work early and far from home etc.
Absentee ballot is always an option. Stop making excuses for Clinton. She failed.
Total redirect President Jackass this crap is not working any more. We figured you out months ago your fall from grace is near. 
@SenWarren Several UNC professors were videoed explaining that they voted in both NC and their home states. Over 600 voters over 116 vote.
So you're saying a little fraud is not fraud?
time to take back the nation
If you repeat a lie often enough, people start thinking it must be true. When you appoint a commission to investigate, even more are fooled.
Chair: Pence. Vice Chair: Kris Kobach, sued by the ACLU for voter suppression 4 times. ACLU won all 4.  Report will say trump won by 10 mill
Trump is a coward & a liar & I never use that word but in this case there is no other fitting the action- Trump is a liar. Period
Trump just wants to suppress voters who won't vote for him!
Is this real? He needs to be put out of his misery, suffering from" No body in right mind believes me, syndrome" and this BS won't help.
You are a troll!
Cry more #FakeIndian
I worked the polls there's nothing fake about voter fraud, but I claiming to be an Indian is definitely fake!
bukonuyu ekonomiközürlüümebalsannaababaa cekkkk postallaadımaaa
are you scared he'll find out the truth about illegal voting and fraud?
YOU lost the election for Hillary, we could not stand anymore lies
What will it take for a special prosecutor to step in ?? This has gone on too long
Make-believe is your strong suit. Why do u always set yourself up? Here it goes. 3...2...1
Fact free is claiming to be part indian to get a job
wow u would know about FACT FREE STATEMENTS.  The Russians r coming
Settle down Pocahontas plenty of videos out there proving voter fraud. Also there are only 2 genders. #FactsDontCareAboutYourFeelings
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
NO FRAUD HE HAS PROOF AND YOU KNOW IT YOUR THE FRAUD WHO CLAIMED TO BE CHEROKEE INDIAN,IM CHEROKEE AND YOUR NOT AND WE WILL EXPOSE YOU FAKE
You mean fact filled, unlike you know being an Indian. When talking facts, it helps to have credibility. You have zero
You are speaking of "Make-Believe & Fact-Free"......lmao 
What are you afraid of Sen Warren? @Project_Veritas already proved mass Dem voter fraud. The con game is up!
Funny, you don't mind peddling fact free stories about @realDonaldTrump
Please stop lying. Small example Detroit recount shows more votes than registrations.x How Many? Deal in facts you may have more respect.
No facts support your allegations of Russian involvement Liarwatha.

Because they don't have any honest people
Have ya ever noticed the right side of old Nancy's head.  Looks caved in, like maybe someone hit her with an ugly stick. This may b the prob
Massachusetts, you deserve so much better than this fraud Poco 
You scared the commission might find something?
So convictions for voter fraud in several states are not enough proof ??
The stupid is strong with this one.
Read yhe news.  You have a degree.
The American people WANT 2 end voter fraud! You have 2 show ID 2 buy cigarettes, drive, 2 fly, so it should be the same for voting! DUH!
The ONLY thing unbelievable & make-believe right now is how the democratic party is acting! Never seen anything like it! Lots of desperation
Typical of u and dems, 5m people don't count..right I pray nightly you run in 2020 for dems
You know what is make believe and fact free?  Your supposed Indian Heritage, that's what.


Just wait Pochantus. You will learn something. Well if you could deal with facts you could learn....maybe.

This orange  buffon is TOTALLY DELUSIONAL. Is there somehow a way to make him go thru a mental exam?
If voter fraud doesn't exist, what are you worried about. You know the truth that there is rampant fraud and it's committed by Dems.



Warren, Why R U spreading lies&distrust about our @POTUS. U took an oath of office to do a job & R using that job as a protest platform???

#wastemanagement
D-E-F-L-E-C-T-I-O-N
Your afraid your party will be exposed even more for fraud voting. Probably why you have NY, and Cali.
He surrounds himself with racist to satisfy &taking votes away will please them.
making sure 2 keep his racist base satisfied Each time it gets hot, he goes back to them for comfort.
Making America great AGAIN (taking the vote back from minorities AGAIN. BACK TO JIM CROW
He's delusional and it'll come back and bite him in his ass!
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #RecusedSessions #NoComment
La La Land should have been about @realDonaldTrump !
What about the 90 pages of questionable doings that went on in 7 States that were red only!  And that was ALL the questionable electionstuff
You keep trying to do the same with the make believe Russia connection  chief liesalot
DEMS can't win if illegal immigrants can't vote.  Voter fraud is real prosecutions have already happened.
We are living in tumultuous times. Russia has achieved an objective in the chaos & disruption of Trump's accession. Congress MUST act!
I wish we had a honest, believable and trustworthy president
Now we will have to worry about voter suppression. All studies show that we don't have problems with illegal voting.
Screwing selections!
Go get 'em Elizabeth!  You are the best!
Rosenstein is useless
This dysfunctional political mess isn't the issue. The real issue is we awarded power to ultmt greed & racial hate. http://personalintegrationpatch.com 
Deflection, deflection, deflection. 
RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA.
Kinda like bernie and his bros are doing to the DNC. Amirite?
Litzy,We know how many you've paid illegals 2vote over&over!U also know how you got prisioners the vote.Dont throw rocks when in a glass !
If anyone knows about made up stories it is you as you are a complete fraud @SenWarren
Another Wag the Dog....sigh....oh, look! Squirrel!
That's ok! You've taken stealing an ethnic/racial group's identity to a whole new level! So it's fair!!! #MAGA
Bring him down Betty!
wants to prove people in MA got on buses and went to NH to vote.  ludicrous!
We need to teach him the difference between election fraud and voter fraud. Maybe your friend Hillary could teach him!
Crazy!!
Of course these will be the perfect excuse to make voter ID required in all USA
And having Putin appoint to head the committee is a little suspicious to me.
A massive bulky making threats - like at school, he needs 'staring down'
Soon we will all have to register as republican, white and male  just to even get a chance to vote.
Disturbing & must be stopped. #GOP always working at manipulating voting! We MUST fight this! #NoVoterSuppression #ProtectOurDemocracy
for someone who loves walls, he sure enjoys tearing down the wall against corruption that is the constitution brick by brick
(From nurse Mimi). Tax Dollars should not be allowed for this waste  If POTUS wants let him do on his own dime.!
Why on earth would you even comment on this???! Why does everyone insist on cooperating with this clown by being a prop in his theater
Smoke & mirrors Over & over!
.@SenWarren @KatrinaNation @realDonaldTrump @thenation This was sppsd 2 b the Comey distraction til he couldn't help himself & tweeted again
What will we do with this.
Comey infuriated Trump with refusal to preview Senate testimony: aides http://reut.rs/2q7sFFY  
AND...His tax returns too. 
This dude is certifiable he needs mot have this much power at his disposal this is extremely dangerous.
You have all been duped by the biggest con artist going
Your right - when dead people are still voting it is all fake. You should know all about fake - Native American?
lets investigate "president fraud" instead.
Isn't this an example of the GOP using Russian active measures against US citizens? Creating a false narrative to illegitimize opponents?
Name one thing wrong with what this commission is doing? Just one please.
Almost as much as your so called sources that is saying he is.. please.....
What are you worried about?
thank you 2020
Let's stop this fool of a 45!
#factfree 
Another upside down dept called voter integrity is actually the opposite voter suppression
Trump doesn't know what voter integrity means as he has no integrity on any issue
@thenationVoter integrity is truthfully voter suppression The corrupt Koback has been sued for it by ACLU
another waste of taxpayer money. The only voted fraud is gerrymandering.
Someone has to stop him from wasting the taxpayers money on his foolishness we are really tired of it between playing golf and fake frauds
You want me to believe Hillary Clinton got more votes in California in 2016 than President Obama did in 2012.
At the last two church dinners I was at, I heard miraculous stories of God & Jesus' help. Pls pray we follow God & Jesus
Forget voter fraud, impeachment is the topic.
Any if it !!!?!
Why is this being allowed
A typical Trump diversion.  Need to get the goods on this crook & jail him.  No doubt the most corrupt, inept, callous jerk to hold office.
You must say down to a whole new level.
So there was no fraud in Detroit where more people votes than were registered to vote? What are you afraid of Pocahontas?
At taxpayers expense.
delusional, paranoid.  He makes things up as he goes along. Totally untruthworthy, no integrity has @realDonaldTrump #disgracetoUS
This is coming from the #MAKEBELIEVE "Native American" HYPOCRISY at it's Finest!
HE'S BACK! #Bannon
And you're "Make-Believe, Fact-Free Stories Of Election Interference" are the truth. Explain the Law Suit against the DNC please????
Wasting tax payer money.
Waste money taxpayers  on top of weekend golf trips. He's a lazy ass and he doesn't like USA media because they call him out on his shit
All because someone said he created a task force thats never been used. So he was called out on it now he reacts all because it's in news
Lie about voter fraud plants the idea of voter fraud with core supporters. Create body to deal with 'voter fraud'. Stop Dems voting. Easy.
The Democrats childish behavior will cost them at the next election, i switched to Republican as did all of my Friends on facebook.
STILL hiding from the facts Liz? 742 CONVICTIONS of voter fraud are shown at Heritage Foundation! HOW MANY WERE MISSED? YOU'RE A LIAR!
Gee, won't we all be surprised when he finds bus loads of illegal voters.
Lizzy, what makes you want to be so vile, hateful and Un-American?
Preparing the 2018 cheat sheets.  Bannon's plan to dismantle the state can't happen if House isn't full of GOP toads.
And what do we do let the fake president have at it
The only way he could win is by cheating.  Worst president of all time.  We have to take back our country and kick that jackass to the curb!
@SenWarren, can Congress STOP Trump/Bannon from destroying Exec Branch, Voters' Rights, environment, while colluding with Russia... #persist
the emperor has no clothes
So, all of these states require you to have an ID to out a library book, but not vote? Y aren't we whining abt reading suppression?
Warren, you fake, no one really listens to you. You blew it last year.
This is a blatant move toward national voter suppression.
PDT is going to start a race war.  He is telling his people and YOUNG NEW voters that voting does NOT COUNT & it's rigged.
Is he starting w/ spicer who owns a voter machine company...
Is there a way to stop it? Like a legistature from congress or they can revoke it at the courts? (ACLU)
This is a big middle finger to Americans who have real issues that need addressing. This is our tax $s at work? It's absolutely shameful!!
Are you going to do something, anything are you going to help us help our country?
@realDonaldTrump Bullshit.  These are the droids we're looking for.
They think a commission gives false conclusions integrity. Why bother w/insulting justifications 4 enacting policies that suppress the vote.
You bet ya!!!!!!!!!!!
The #GOP needs to be removed from the #WhiteHouse. Period.
Wag the dog
But he's not wasting tax payers money - when he defends his own tarnished image. Where is the 1st lady again?
Fingerprint id at the polls.
I wear diaper pants.
@SenWarren Ur @POTUS hate tweets only embarrasses urself. D EO can only do good 4 America by making the election process fair & honest.
It's only fair. You are doing the same thing with Russia
What's the matter Liz , afraid all those illegals won't be able to vote for you.
