The Ivy Leagues wouldn't have you that's for sure
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes than to see and hear you speak.  #nutjob2
now THIS is a commencement speaker. Lucky Wildcats! Listen and learn.
More like communistment speaker!Plug your ears; failed ideology! Just ask China' Xi. They now have a market economy.
How much did you get paid?
Well next time, Pocahontas can pretend to be black and do a speech at an HBCU.
An actual inspiring speech by someone qualified and experienced to give it. Imagine that? Congrats graduates.
Hmmm!
I'm sure the golfer occupying the WH wd disagree, but there's nothing more important than interacting with young people and their families.
Gimme a break! While it may be offensive to yr purist outlook, not much point in caring about those rights if one cn't get the message out
I am sure they were thrilled with your boring sing song speech!!!
Are you going to enthrall them with Fauxcohontas stories?
It was an honor having you @WheelockCollege Commencement!
Warren put your head back into the sand. Fool.
Now that's a commencement address I would pay to sit through!
Sure you would!
when you speak are you going to have a feather on your head ??
Jackasses,keep braying!There is a lot donkey music around...You can also bust a move?
Are u gonna use smoke signals, oops sorry
If feel sorry for the students that have to listen to your lies... #neverYOU
A great choice for speaking! Teachers need you!
I'm honored to take 700,000 a year in salary so your tuition bills soar !!!! Ur the problem

Must be nice to be able to speak freely at a college without riots and protests and boos. Democrats privilege.
Try to keep politics out of it.
Have you read most of these comments? Because we the people are trying to educate you.
Is that one your families Indian Reservation
Will U mention how U used Affirmative Action 2 further your career? 1/32 fake Indian who is pd $350000 for 1 class  at Harvard.sad.
So she can shout out a bunch more of her fear mongering and poison to young minds.
Ruining another graduation by speaking? Be sure to sell your books there! You speech will be a 10 on the vomit meter
@SenWarren I love that you actually care about Education. One of the few representatives that represents the country's interests. #2020
You're one of the few in DC that give me hope for our democracy
How much you charging them to show up #hypocrite
Maybe a Republican group will disrupt the ceremony!!  No never mind that doesn't happen, Republicans actually have respect for things
Good point!
Just a witch hunt all of you demoracats !
all you demoracats are a joke you all over look Hillary Rodham Clinton corruption !
Whoopee! Now they get to spend the next 20 years paying off the government usurers.
Lady of the Swamp Ms Pochontas
I hope the young republicans stand up and turn their backs on her or walk out too show them the same love the resistance shows
Thanks for the warning! Are you gonna wear a headdress? Or are you of black heritage this week.? Maybe play the Hispanic heritage card.
Couldn't find anybody else!
Is that all you do Beth. How about staying in D.C. And do what your paid for
Make sure you get some #Trump bashing in we wouldn't want those kids heading off into the world with an open mind...
Wishing everyone a wonderful day!
Yes so you can instill values of socialism and more divisive political BS
Furthermore madam b careful what u teach people. alinsky taught resistance of all, when ur found out theyll turn on u,ur tru color will show
we love Wheelock a great school
Oh my God those poor people run run
I'm sure that you will focus on the students during the commencement - unlike orange man #45 ...
Tell your violent protesters not to accidently show up at your gig.
Make sure you let them know, they too can be Native American. Just learn to lie! Like you!!
Not a chance! Rather watch paint dry than lying Pocahontas!
Shameful this poisonous snake is addressing graduates with her political nonsense.
You can't quote from Legally Blond, that's already been done
How often do they let you out of the mental institutions
you'll probably turn it into a trump bashing session!!  HYPOCRITE
Snowflake school! !!!!
I ask again Mrs warren,  would you please comment on the latest news of seth rich being in contact with wikileaks before his murder?
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts  itsa shame thosekids have 2 endure the drivel you spout.. my speaker was equaly awful mike dukakis
Y'all really need to have someone look at pelosi she is mentally impaired for office
Please let your speech be about the graduates and their journey and nothing on #agentorange
PLEASE SHOW HOW A SPEECH TO GRADS IS DONE. @SenWarren
#deplorable INTELLIGENCE NOT A STRONG POINT ..HEY KOOL-AID
Youre going to be preaching resistance instead of working cohesively n effectively truly for all
oh they have a Native American grant bloc program?
Betsy DeVos is an elitist fraud, she needs to stay away from our colleges and schools.
She will be great for our schools
Ms DeVos wants school vouchers. How do you like vouchers for your Children? The vouchers only cover PART of the cost, you pay the remainder.
We need more choices for where our kids go to school, their not learning in public schools
They're* and I went to a public school 
Even wondered what it's like being a member of staff on the white house floor?  #Trump
Article 25 of Constitution and Trump is Impeached! HELP!!!

how much have u demanded to be paid ?
