.....face reality sorry excuse of a woman. Isn't the 20 trillion debt you have giving us enough? Get out of Trump's way.
WOO HOO KEEP DIGGING YOURSELF DEEPER TO WHERE YOU WON'T BE A SENATOR SOON! YES!
you have a short memory or don't  you remember the Boston marathon slaughter.
Want to hear from the SILENT MAJORITY AGAIN?????
Better be on board with Chuckie Bubbles!
What's the process for starting impeachment proceedings, Madam Senator?
thank you! We are behind you!
free drugs for everyone. Everyone might calm down a little.
I hope you run for the president!
Even ifthese people happen to want to destroy America?
Your Honor,
Please keep fighting for our constitution & true American values.
Trump' s policy is reckless,illegal.
if you put FIGHT into actually accomplishing something for Americans not just illegal aliens and refuges that would be great!
What if they were to call it "#OperationCamelJockey"....u know like when Ike called it "#OperationWetback" back in the early 50's
You're preying on emotion & creating hysteria. Trump's order 100% legal and you know it. Why divide the nation?
you better we are counting on you!!!
Where's the Oath that you took Sen Warren to  Uphold the Constitution WHILE  Protecting the LAWS of YOUR  Country.. Hypocrisy
You mean Obama's ban .
Good luck with that Pocahontas!! Don't need illegals in our country unless u want to support them and that includes MUSLIMS!!!!
So when we are under Sharia Law will you take the responsibility for that. No, you will talk your way around it.
can't you start drafting new immigration laws to protect card holders?and people who have lived here.
fight? From how you've been talking sounds like your looking to get physical
It's not a Muslim ban. Stop lying to people.
This is a lie.  It is not a Muslim ban, and refugees do not have constitutional rights.  Stop your hate! #MAGA
He said Christians from banned countries were allowed to enter but not Muslims. How is that not religious discrimination?
not sure what planet you're living on but if you can sleep at night then ok.
california is with you!!
please do what's in your power to have zero dems confirm remaining cabinet
And, you will lose.
TERM LIMITS
it's a start but we need to stand up for so many things he's doing and I don't hear Democrats loud and clear on anything
Thank you for standing up for america and our constitution.
You screeching at every outrage is good......it drives voters away from the democrats to the republicans. Thanks
If our country cannot provide 4 their homeless citizens & vets why shd more come into our country? We must help our own
POTUS has the right to set a ban and it is not unconstitutional. @POTUS can reduce amt of refugees into country.
But you voted for Mattis who stood behind Trump as he signed his Muslim ban! Deplorable! He said he wouldn't but lied!!
may the force be with you
20k+ .. You made the head count or just guessing. Your tweets are weak
Where were you in 2011, when President Obama placed a ban on Iraq for six months?
@dgold1054 @YouTube I watched it! So did the hubby. THANK YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR WHAT'S RIGHT! WE NEED MORE LIKE YOU AND BERNIE!
Thank you Elizabeth
can impeach him but make sure Pence goes too!
.@SenWarren @YouTube @CNN Ranting Warren & Crying Chuck entertaining to watch, really tough for them to accept D.C. reality
Because YOU want more terrorists here in the USA & we true AMERICANS won't let that happen! #FakePocahontas You can't stop the #TrumpTrain!
you should travel to Iran, Syria, Iraq, Sudan, & Somalia to tell them you're fighting. #GoodLuckMakingItBackAlive
You don't write the Constitution! You're making yourself look worse, no one will vote for you, they know you now!
I get it.  You're on the warpath.  Whoop whoop whoop #Nastywomenlose
this greenfield MA constituent stands with you!
Each of you needs to be in action now taking steps to remove Trump. He can not remain in power, the country will be destroyed.
Really? It is not a band. Wish you cared this much about the homeless ppl in MA or our vets.What are protesting next wk?

Wrote to @SenWarren re:Syrian refugees last yr>your response was compassionate (& is on my fridge!!) TY for helping overturn hate #CapeCod
Warren 2020!!!
Please circle the word muslim in that exec order he put out.
HELL YEA!! Viva la resistance
you have no clue
Go get him, Liz!!!  We love you!!
thank you Senator
MA should accept all refugees.
U pile on denouncing #MuslimBan now & DID NOT CRITICIZE Obama policies that put us here!
remember Ben &Jesus in robes?!?he hates LGBTQ-also thinks pyramids were grain silos Really? He couldn't guarantee $TRUMP
will you obstruct all Senate business until the ban is rescinded and Steve Bannon is gone?  I hope so.
#ImpeachTrump
THANK YOU!!!
you r nuts
What's being done to remove Steve Bannon?
Thank you Senator Warren!
well I really hope so because his puppet Sean Spicer is spinning a huge web of misinformation and it's scary.
fight on Pocahontas.  Break out the war paint!
quit lying its not a ban!!!
Thank you for defending our Constitution. #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
Why don't you show that much concern for the American citizen? Homeless Americans in your own state you shd care about!
is trump setting the groundwork for his dictatorship and w/putin's help gain possession of oil fields in the m.e.?
So now U decide to run for President? A day late & $2 short... You are a socialist disaster not brave enough to challenge Hillary
and we'll fight to make sure people who claim to be Indians to get special treatment remain congressmen at best
#Breaking:In '08 #Sessions wife was paid reimbursements twice via the campaign #trumpleaks #stopsessions

Your past your prime. Hide in a bunker rich lady. You're phoney. You hate Muslims Abd so does your hubby and lover.
Fight in courts to allow terrorists into US. Who's side are you on. No jobs either. You're a disgrace. America first old woman.
everyday there is a new fight against this administration. I think we need to pull the root of this weed.
Cool. How about you fight with your votes too. #disappointment #hotair?
Executive order will cause more fear and division. Trumps two puppets Conway and Spicer can't give a straight answer
exec order to protect USA is legal, u r a nut job!
Trump is creating a #Constitutionalcrisis. Stop Trump. Do your job.  Protect Democracy.
please run for president in 2020! America loves you!
why didn't #Democrats fight this hard to stop unlawful foreclosures? #MuslimBan
Why do you constantly lie, it isn't a Muslim ban, 7 countries with terrorist ties,put on hold so  better security and vetting?
maybe it will be more than temporary. That's what I am hoping for.
You'll lose. Maybe fight for better vetting of refugees. You may then be able to keep your job.
then stop voting to confirm his incompetent cabinet members.
Well what if the mass of people realize that the leaders are not following the rules and laws so why should they. Chaos.
didn't matter when Obama did it in 2011 eh?  You're such a dishonest political HACK! Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015.
YOU ARE
#CONSTANTLY..
GOING IN PUBLIC &
TOTALLY #EMBARRASSING
#STATE OF #MA &
#YOURSELF !!

A #BULLHORN ?
#REALLY ?
will be stripped from them, eventually. It's sad our country sounds like communist country, by Trumps actions!
Trump is destroying the very fabric our country was founded on! Has he no shame? Ppl who are agreeing with him, their rights....
Awwww BALONEY!!
Trump and company need to go NOW!,the 65,844,954 voted did not vote for Trump.We need to RISE AND FIGHT
Inciting riots? Go home.
how many refugees you letting in your home? Let me guess. NONE
And that also means voting NO on everything coming out of this admin and gop period.
Stop voting FOR Trump's nominees. Terribly disappointed in  you.
it's not a Muslim ban stop lying!
go fight by the window and i'll help you out. Go Ban, Go Wall.
Thank You Senator Warren for your ethics, intelligence, and leadership.
IRAN creating missiles and you're worried about a 90 day ban. Protest IRAN deal. Trump is right.
now we need you to get Bannon off of NSC. Does he or does he not need Senate approval?
don't stop him, impeach him!
That's real democratic progress always out of touch and shortsighted. You've been a disappointment since u got in office
please start talking about how we mobilize to stop Bannon. Your leadership has been great, but he is the fox in the henhouse
U fight against terrorist ban, U fight against the wall w/Mexico, U support sanctuary cities. Anti-American traitor.
We  didn't want Hillary, and we don't want  your left wing, whining, hypocritical, corrupt politicians like YOU!
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS TERM LIMITS!
zones.Their occupiers were our enemies. Now U stand 4 vetting of these "same" people, from these same war zones.Hypoct
U R a betrayal 2 our 110K soldiers whose own families have been separated by war & death. These same countries R war---
#WithholdConsent
if you were a Native American Indian your name would very "Chief Heap Big Bullshit"
 @senwarren
U & congress have sent 110K soldiers into thies same terrorist states since 2001. Where is your action 4 their families?
your funny
109 people nationwide were temporarily detained.   Time to put things into perspective.  Sto0pp going Hollywood!
Liz, for God's sake, it is a travel ban, not a Muslim ban.  There R 1.9 billion Muslims in more than 200 countries  ----
.@SenWarren @YouTube You're a vile hypocrite. You libs use words like "MuslimBan" to incite trouble. Obama banned Iraqis for 6m frm Visas.
It is not a Muslim ban. Can you not get that threw your thick skull? Muslims are not being targeted. Terrorist regions are. DUMMY
next they will start cracking down on protesting
thank you!
you are against anything that is proposed.  Ban needs to be in effect anyone can claim to be a refugee and be terrorist, criminal
not sure why people are surprised. Everything potus has done to date was the platform he ran on for 1 1/2 years.
An uninformed president who doesn't know the current process is a dangerous president
muslims from the singled out countries already go through an extreme vetting to get a visa
What can we do to #impeach #Trump ASAP before he kills us all? He is a #psychopath hellbent on leading us into #WWIII.@SenWarren @SenSanders
please run for president in the next election. Please.
thanks for the support for those peoples in need but but also to stand out and deffend the constitution
being loud and obnoxious doesn't make you right. It just makes you loud and obnoxious.
you have been opposed to My president since he announced his run. You are part of the problem with America. Shut up or get out!
Thank you for standing up to oppose the Muslim ban and to protect the rights of immigrants who make this nation great!
.@senwarren .@michaelalebert And you voted for Carson... And you didn't back Bernie who would have won #MA...And you are all talk...
maybe you better check clinton speech to congress sounds just like trump now.  Oh and obama came up with 7 country ban.
Please go beyond fighting him issue by issue and IMPEACH him.
i want to hear that you're going to start the impeachment process.  It's time.
.@SenWarren How many people did you tell you would fight Obama's Iraqi refugee ban in 2011? You are a hypocritical partisan hack.
Sessions, shld answ questions if he'll "commit to req OLC to long-established reviewing all exec orders in the future"
