Liberals are like bad chefs.  They throw every ingredient in the pot then wonder why their soup tastes horrible.  #MAGA
America isn't called the melting pot for no reason.
Certain ingredients don't blend well together.  Its a hard truth but it's still a fact.
The only "ingredient" actively trying to drown out the others is vanilla. Booooring.
Go live in a Muslim country.  If you survive, come back and tell me all about blending.
Typical Trumpanzee reply. Don't you guys have anything better yet? It's been months.
Typical?  Try logical.    You'll wake up one day cupcake.
It's not logical to tell people trying to make their country a better place to leave. That makes no sense.
Just dont tell the LGBTQ crowd what Muslim bakers think of baking for a gay wedding. I'm sure they will skip into the sunset holding hands 
We can bake our own cakes. We don't care if someone else's beliefs differ from ours, as long as they aren't hurting us.
You might not, But the situation with Christian bakers and Memories Pizza in Indiana indicates all of your constituents don't agree
Kind of like a middle-aged white person throwing a fit over slow service? Idk why any gays wanna live in Indiana anyway
Well every family has someone they're embarrassed by.
Awww. I'd be embarrassed by you too. Condolences to your family for churning out an ignorant bigot.
Liberals are by far the most intolerant, biggest bigots on the planet! They corner the market on ignorance too!
You must not realize "liberal" and "bigot" are the exact opposite of each other. So your whole sentence makes no sense whatsoever.
What if people could deny serving our country if their personal civil rights are denied. No one should have to fight for nothing!
Give up your rights if your not willing to fight for then. You're pathetic if you expect others to protect your freedom and refuse to too.
What rights? Trump is signing away the rights of LGBTQ Americans tomorrow. Why should we fight for a country that shits on us?
No, America don't. He is just taking away the extra protections... You have the same rights. No one deserves special treatment for choices.
I heard all about your great support for Massachusetts veterans this morning on the news.
What about fake Indians, kimmosabee?
So original in your taunts.  And then you don't even bother to spell your insult correctly - doubly impressive.
Nothing more original than a visit from the butt hurt whining parasite pussy spelling police. And a Lone Ranger fan at that.
What? If you're going to insult someone, you should take a moment to ensure you received comment makes sense.
Can you try that again, this time in English?
You are so charming. So Christian the way you attack strangers. Where in the Bible is the parable of the trashmouth Texan?
We've always been a part of this country... we are part of all accomplishments... there are more of us existing. Turn to your neighbor.
The legal ones, yea. Why does the word " Illegal" confuse you so much? It's a simple word. Right there, in the dictionary under I.
we just want to get rid of the illegal alien felons, is that ok with you?
Koo koo
Why are instigating trouble?  Just legislate .
Given the opportunity the Muslim will not be so nice.  Please take it from someone that lived with them when they are the majority.
They also start gangs conduct terrorist activists etc. so they r not all saints
That's it out of your mouth Pocahontas screwing old white guys no one cares about them anymore right
As the mother of an LGBTQIPFA+ teenager, I thank you for your compassion.
Please tell me what the ipfa means
Intersex 
Pansexual
(Gender) Fluid
Asexual or Androgynous
And what about bisexuals?
They are the B in LGBTQIPFA+.
I know. My girlfriend is bi. I was asking the guy assuming mental health is an issue for people with broader views than his.
My apologies, I didn't realize.
I don't think terrorists and illegals are part of our great American family.
How can they protect it if they can't speak english and have no education.
I think everyone pretty much agrees with this even your president
So do white Irish Catholics!!! What's your point?
Of course they are...why are you stating the obvious...searching for low information voters with identity politics again?
I quests you know this by being there when all this "protection" was happening. Don't speak of things you know nothing of concerning this.
What are we chopped liver ???
If they are all Americans why do you continue to single them out like they are different ... What is your problem
But they're no more important that us normal people, the people your party doesn't give two fucks about.
Preach!
.@SenWarren: What is a f**k Latino? And why are we identifying people by their religion?
Oh yes elections next year, so you need to include them, let's not forget about blacks. You can throw them away if U win, like you always do
Without white hillbillies our military would fall apart.
Lgbt aren't people
Are they legal?
Odd how Muslims and liberals are the ones that are bombing, burning, rioting, and looting in America. It's obvious who needs to be removed.
Nothing like pointing out the obvious Pocahontas.
Whites, Asians, straights, Native Americans, Hindus, Christians, etc do as well.
I guess Americans are only good to pay so you can buy their fucking votes?
Who is denying that Liz? You guys can't seem to get out of "fight mode." Inspire hope instead! Maybe Tony Robbins might be able to help?
Pander pander pander
Of they are don't understand why you feel the need to single them out.. After all they are all just Americans... What are you a Nazi
So do African Americans and white Americans.  Why leave them out of your tweet? What about other religions -they serve too!  @FoxNews @CNN
Whites don't count. Diversity just means "less white people". Not sure why she left out blacks - racism? 
THE KEY WORD HERE IS LEGAL.NOT ABOUT RACE.
INDEPENDENTS 4POTUS!
What about native Americans
Trump supporters protect our country too
Legal gays, Hispanic, and Muslim Americans! Not illegals!
They're native Americans
THERE NOT PART OF MY FAMILY THANK GOD!
PLZ HELP BREAK THE MEDIA BLACKOUT. Union workers striking at Spectrum..Want 2 cut our health & pension. IBEW LOCAL 3 STRONG
They're also called individuals, as in individual rights, but who's putting labels on them and segregating these individuals into groups?
How many have those have u adopted and live with u?  Zero I bet.
Than why do you not provide more benefits for veterans?
Hey Warren did you miss anyone. That's why you can never be President. You don't even know what I'm talking about, loser
Thanks a lot of battles ahead glad your there
Sen Warren,most Muslim immigrants do not support the LGBTQ lifestyle.15-20 years ago & neither you or your family ever gave it a thought.
Looks like Gorka might go to Homeland security.  Not good for this population or us all.
U care more about illegals and refugees than u do about our own American people!
and in a country called America there should be no labels for anyone based on age gender race sexual orientation / WE THE PEOPLE
Senator Warren, 2/3 Muslims & Latinos, do not support the LBTQ lifestyle. Go back 15-20 years & neither you or your family thought about it
Sen. Warren I believe that almost all practicing Muslims do not support the LGBT Lifestyle.As immigrants they will fight forced acceptance.
No, They are not part of Most legal  American families .
THE ONLY PEOPLE YOU DONT TALK OR CARE ABOUT ARE AMERICANS
HERE WE GO AGAIN. IDENTITY POLITICS. TGATS THE ONLY GAME IN THE DEM TOWN
stop dividing everyone with labels,we're sick of all the name calling liberal socialist use to shame Americans, you hate America
This is racist
What about blacks, whites, yellows, and reds. And elephants and donkeys Pocahontas!
By the way, my navies friends and brothers serviced our country's sake.
At present, there is nothing great about amerikkka, since those you mention are being ASSAULTED, AND THEIR RIGHTS GONE!
Oh wow, I'm so proud of that you tweeted, then what about Asians, Blacks, Whites, and Navies Americans?
bravo I all that you do ! And the heart in everything in which you stand for. Standing strong
Not many Muslims fight for this country as we know it Ali converted 2 Islam 2 keep from going to Vietnam &fight 4 this country.
Yes, we are and thank you.
Senator Warren, please stop knocking President Obama and Secretary Clinton, two of the biggest supporters of our great American family.
You're a pandering nut
Ok, what's your point?
Thank u 4 ur information . U r always on top of things. U do not have a clue.U run ur mouth, but what comes out is meaningless
Anything for a vote...right Liz ?
#Muslim is not a race!
your point Einstein?
There good for a vote anyway
Take your social engineering bullshit back to a college campus. The military doesn't support you
#TermLimits for all.
That's a requirement for a Trump nominee.
Continue to try and divide through your rhetoric! Only YOU care about everyone! Get real. Less of your bull$@&% and do something to help USA
Oh you don't like the white and black people that fight for our country. U just wNt to talk about your voters
The woman wants everyone to be treated with human decency but twitter trolls wanna call her a fake Indian? You wonder why America is divided
How do you find time to do your job with all this tweeting quit wasting my tax dollars get your ass to work
So are our native American nations, but you don't mind screwing them, do you?
Love you
I must be a "Q " American, don't seem to fit any other category!
If a Murderer has family member in military, he's still a murderer, right
No they are not. Rare minority that oddly do not support corruption
African Americans have been fighting and help build this country for over 250 years and we are still getting screwed.
trump is signing a law to legally discriminate lbtg in the work place he has become a monster and breeds hate
Why not take time to research-instead of being an uninformed parrot!
I know more than you could even come close to pecos
I wish u didn't let the corrupted dnc pressure you from endorsing #BernieSanders
They are my new groups i plan to target as voters  i will not do anything for them but i will promise anything for a vote
And we are all Patriots for the simple act that we pay our fare share of Taxes
Except Muslims suppress the LGBTQ community as Islam is against woman's rights and gay rights
Illegal immigrants are not part of the American family
If it is a great family then all it's members should serve.
You are casting tooo broad a net on who is with us and those that are not. Check yourself. Legal American citizens are the life of America
What about white christians? They a part of your big happy family too?? Or nah.
Thanks for stating the obvious. Now how about we get rid of the criminal ones even if they vote Democrat.
Thank you, gay submarine veteran!
NO ONE DENIES THAT-People are just fed up with paying for illegals-even if they Protect us-They are here ILLEGALLY WTF???
You just want their vote. You don't give a  about them.
muslims beheading Christians, Latino equal gangs, lgtyyy, equal rest of us to only accept their way!
How nice to see that pandering is not beneath you
You politicians keep racism alive Muslims, Latinos LGBTQ etc. How about just calling them Americans.

And Cherokee's as well!
Our great American family deserves single payer. It's the only equitable solution, a right, not a privilege. Co sponsor Sander's Bill please
A need not a right
Healthcare is a right. Period. Only in Darwinian America it's not. Once GOP is booted out, it'll change. IMPOTUS is fleecing this country.
You have a right to heath care today! Just have to pay! That's the issue! The left wants healthcare, college etc.... at others expense
Elizabeth, Please move the sharia law muslims into your house for a while. Go ahead and some of the thugs and drugs crossing the border.
yeah andn radical Christianity is filled with hate too. the kkk's actions all done in the name of the lord - flaming cross
Then she can move some of them and your hateful self in there too.
ur christian values are more a threat to me than sharia. u, like radical islamist terrorists. are deceptive and divisive. Jesus would weep/
You should read all of the bible, a few times.
You left out Lyin' Injins !
Trump has hated on and offended everyone who isn't a Christian white male in the top 1%.  When will this traitor be held accountable?
No Pocahontas I'm 100% sure that solders/law enforcement do not some Jihadists or transexuals your are a disgrace to the United States
LIAR!!
So are straight white males but you and your leftists friends treat us like crap
@JayJandk17 thanks for you relentless effort & fight even for those too ignorant to see they need advocacy. Luv u Sen Warren
...and what have you done for them? Outsourced jobs, kept them in poverty, lowered their education quality so you can look good??? FAKE!
I think the US should have an All-Gay Muslim military. I would feel much safer.
What about the White, Caucasians who protect our great nation, Pocahontas.  Don't forget about them!!
Wrong, there are zero Transgendered or whatever the hell Q is in the armed forces
You should take the illegal ones and put them in your house.
You're right if they come here legally Elizabeth
Yeah Major Hussan did a great job protecting our country. 13 dead & over 30 injured. "Part of our great American family" my big ol butt!!
That's because we're inclusive unlike, oh, say, you for instance.
Conform to the UCMJ, like we all did...#Veterans
Thank you, Liz.
Who said they weren't?
intellectually bankrupt intersectional feminism is the platform of the mainstream democratic party now.  Yikes.
At least they serve to defend our constitution and great country. Trump and his family are a disservice to both country & const.
go work stop yakking
Geoff Diehl!!
Liarwatha...why do you constantly refuse to take a DNA test?
What have you got to hide?
Again insinuating that the Trump admin is against such things. Not true. Look what's happening in Europe. 
https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/alertswarnings/Europe.html …
when have you served with them on the ground they turned vilot so be carefull what you ask for
Well if they protect our country (which is beyond me) why dont you let the muslim refugees live at your place, since they are so protecting
All this coming from a lying fake American Native GFY @SenWarren
More class and brains than the lying narcissist piece of garbage in the White House...
What Class,  What Brains.  If you's said Crybaby, Troublemaker, Lunatic, I'd be on your side
As are white people, black people, Asian people, and heterosexuals. You continue to focus on what makes us different. This is why you lose
Lizzy, go spend time in the service and particularly in battle areas! Forget the stupid labels! Your a soldier Period! Get it!
Thank you for pointing it out... Lately it seems to be remembered less and less
Not according to Herr  Drumpf.  He wants to do away with all minorities, except for his own employees, of course.
So are prostitutes, but your still going after them.
What about Native Americans? Why did you exclude them?   Forgot, you don't know anything about Native Americans.
You missed #Native Americans, #christians #hindus #Sikhs #hipsters?
She doesn't like Christians
You realize there are Muslims that throw LGBTQ people off roofs, right?
votes you are trying to get for a 2020 run for president
Why didnt you mention them? Stop making everything about race or sexual orientation. All americans should be appreciated. not those whose
Maybe yours is
Blacks, Whites, Jews Americans protect our country. They’re part of service member families. They’re part of our great American family.
So I guess native Americans are not part of the American family??? Is that right LIARWARTHA? Don't you claim to be native American?
but not to Herr trumpLER, der Furhrer!!
So do white, straight Christians your point ?  #USVETERANS
Protect by voting and organizing/being pacific/active participants of demonstrations, town hall meetings, and letters to congress reps
#runrunrunrunrunrun
What about fake Native americans
Are you aware of the 5 year old Honduran refugee who is being deported to Honduras today? @SenBobCasey is tweeting about it.
