Are you sure you answered that right Lizbeth?   If you don't want them to have nukes don't fund their ambitions and look the other way while your cronies supply them with every thing they need.   We are on to you.
Why should anyone believe you?
#Fauxcahontas
You are a little behind, Obama allowed them to go nuclear. You cannot blame that on Trump!
I really cannot believe people actually voted for you Ms Liarwatha!
Absolutely on the money.
Now she needs to make the case for why Trump did this, to prove ahe understands his logic.
Yes. As long as San Francisco is their first target.
Yeah, OK...Hillary.
As a liberal absolutely not.
Obama made sure they were well on their way to one
All u do is run ur mouth but I don’t see u get anything done yak yak yak let’s see u get something done Pocahontas very hollow yak yak yak
"Circle" is "360' You are So
"Closed Minded" For your "Position"
WoW Sorry 4-You "DNC" Anti-
Get "Job" "Taco Bell" Possibly Mgr
Dont
Thank God you are not our President
Big "DEAL" Entire" WORLD has
"Big -Firecrackers" BSheeeeeetz 
Does "IS IS RA EL" have-em "Nooo"
Pack Ack-Indians Who "DONT"
Have-emFAIR
No

No.  obamas plan gave him nuclear weapons #fuckobama #MAGA
I don't know Patty, ask Obama why he gave billions to Iran in a midnight deal.
WHEN U HAVE A MORON IN THE WH WITH A 5YR OLD MENTALITY.

Agreed, 100%
Iran having nukes will stabilize the Middle East. Peace thru strength. Remember?
#awan #powers #mills #rice #comey #wasserman #mueller #comey #hrc #lynch #tarmac We don't believe anything you say!
This obnoxious, arogant woman is making US look like idiots.  Can her file 13.
Idk if I trust Trump with Nukes either! I don’t want anyone to have them...
So we should be vulnerable, and unprotected!?
Why does @SenWarren only use social media to bash @POTUS & @GOP but never to talk about her legislative accomplishments?
Because she has none. #OneTermWarren has done nothing for Massachusetts and will be voted out next yr.
Yes we will vote her out 2018 Period.
#TrumpPence2020
It’s a simple question: Do we want #Apartheid #ISrael to have a nuclear weapon or not?

--fixed it for ya
Trump wants what Russia wants...Iran to have nukes!
No, because They're not a real nation or government.
Would like to see USA disarm its nukes first. @SenWarren @TraceyTorres
Trump wants instability as an excuse to be a war president. He thinks being viewed as a war president will improve his poll numbers
He  knows that Americans rally around the pres. during war but he doesn't understand that other pres didn't start the war
Just Stop! You are unqualified to think through any challenge, Pocahontas. You are a FRAUD. Yes, you are a FRAUD. Go away,just go away...,
It's a simple question, do you have any common sense or not? I vote NOT, Ms. Warren. My gosh, stop showboating and get to work.
No, but Trump needs a big scandle going on to cover up his Russian Investigation and his lack of inf on the killing of our soliders. Makes Bengazi a real issue again. Clinton had 24 hrs to explain every detail and Trump had over two wks and he still doesn't know what happened.

No we don't and it's too bad that the IRAN agreement never voted on by the Senate do you job Liz, pRetty much guarantees them one.
You did not speak up about Russia controlled uranium do now shut up or do something about it
Senator Warren: Seems like some on Left do want Iran to have nuclear weapons. Pallet loads of  up front very helpful for Iran.
What a stupid question...of course we don't, but Obama opened the door to yet another fiasco Pres Trump has to fix. What next?
Come on, Liz -- that is an intellectually dishonest question. I disagree vehemently with failing to honor our agreement, but its not simple.
Yes why not
Another simple question. Have we  outsourced our foreign policy to Israel and Saudi Arabia?
You do! And so do The Dems - the rest of us not so much
You funded their efforts. You're a pathetic  fraud
A Deal just like the one that Bill Clinton negotiated back in the 1990's with North Korea, Yeah Right..
We don't want it, do you? We know most of the left in Congress wants it but the $ means more to ya huh
Glad to know Elizabeth will be voted out
Hilarious to think that we actually have a say one way or the other. Didn't work with NK. What happens when we're asked to get rid of ours?
Exactly brother!
They will soon if our POTUS does not do something that your looser could not do correctly
If Trump violates the agreement, Iran will regard that as an excuse to create a bomb. You really have no idea how this works! Even  Generals say that US should stick to the agreement.
Tweets like yours are the reasson that people all over the world are starting to hate Americans
They have been trying for 20 years, they give two shits what we do DEATH TO AMERICA, that’s what they say, wake the hell up, CHANGE
Actually, I am European, Dutch for crying out loud, and I am fucking starting to think the same. Lying Donald and his moron supporters are making it easy to shout exactly that! You are turning the world against you and it is fucking dangerous for all of us!
You are wasting your time. Trump Bots are dumb!
Dumb? Really you support hypocrites, traitors and down right nasty sexual predators Weinstein gave Millions to the dems including Obama
Weinstein was never part of this discussion. But really if you insist on taking it up, you know you are supporting a self-confessed sexual predator in theWhiteHouse, yes?
really who has President Trump assulted because from what I read those women confessed to either lying or being paid.
Under the current treaty by Obama Iran will have nuclear weapons just like Clinton gave it to North Korea
This is exactly why liberals are weak. We want the right agreement not a weak one
If we give them weapons and money, they won't use them because we gave them to them. Liberal Logic.
This is what we need to do to iran

@brianefallon you are a liar, shameless,  shamefull,  sick, vile, arrogant,  bitter racebaitor deplorable human ! God bless #johnkelly #cnn
Elizabeth Warren telling it like it is...Straight shooter, no BS! We need more like her in Congress.
No. No we do not.
hell to the no, but N. Korea is crazier than Iran hands down, cause Iran knows better to threaten Isreal with nukes.
I challenge you to explain how this so-called "deal" prevented Iran from getting nukes.  Fact is, it wouldn't.
No, sending them 1.7B in cash as Obama did secured their financing to do whatever they want to do. 
Where was your outrage then?
The money came from Iranian assets in our banks that we have held onto since the Iranian Hostage Crisis of 1979. The money wasn’t ours.
You are so out of touch lady  .they have nuclear weapons thanks to the billions given to them . Your agreement failed miserably .
Oops! The money that we gave them was their money. We froze Iranian assets in US banks during the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1979 & beyond.


Gee - maybe you could ask your pals @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama since they signed off on the sale of uranium to Russia for $145 million
Right!!!
It’s too late you allowed Obama to sell Uranium & give billions to Iran. It’s time for you to hobble off to a nursing home, w/ur Alzheimer’s
Do we want to sell Uranium to Russia?
We know Obama and V. Jarrett sure did.  #Uraniumgate is going to blow up this silly Russia collusion deflection and blow up Hillary and Co.
What a foolish woman
Iran should have a nuclear weapon. Libya is an public slave market now because our government demanded they disarm.
If America and Russia would disarm their nukes, you'd have a point. Can you blame Iran for wanting nukes? *AMERICA* destabilized the ME.
This is why Democrats will never get leftist votes, imperialist swine.
Fuuuuck yes

It's like John Kerry was in a Poker game, he was dealt a Royal Flush, and the Iranian player bluffed him into folding
Can you imagine having her as a professor?
The leaders of the security council nations agreed to this deal and they're wrong and President Moron is right?. Really?
Yes?
I want them to have a nuke just so it’ll stop the US from wanting to invade it for no reason
Wait @SenWarren. Fact: Trump didn't send billions of $ to Iran, it was Obama. So you trust Iran more than your fellow constituents.
How many lives will be lost, how much money will be wasted, how many people will be without healthcare etc until you’ll get him out? #Trump
How far will the senate and congress go until Y’all WAKE UP and remove this CHILD @realDonaldTrump from office?? #ImpeachTrump
Everything that he’s done has divided our country and things he’s said has put our country and US territories in danger how long do we have
Everything that @realDonaldTrump is doing is very detrimental to our country and our allies then why not remove him from office?
I totally agree with you, but the senate, and congress is all we have now, then why not impeach @realDonaldTrump ??
OR we could stop meddling in other countries and start being critical of our role in Israel’s military agenda. Just a thought.
 give  your  nukes  to  POC  women
Yes
Liz, they never had a nuclear weapons program
yes
If trump stays in office every country in the world is going to want a nuke
Communist puppet for NWO.  RW&B Lives Matter.
Yeah, I'm okay with it
Yes. Yes they do. After all they need to defend themselves from America and Israel.
fuck off, imperialist.
I hate it when a country has nuclear weapons and sponsors terrorism and destabilizes the region
Do you trust @realDonaldTrump with a nuclear weapon?
Bitch maybe the US should not have meddled with their goddamn elections. Rude ass bitch
Sure, why not?
I want a US that won't threaten a country that it has undermined since 1953, but barring that, yeah;only a nuclear deterrent will stop y'all
You make my stomach turn just looking at you! It's worse when you open your mouth!
yeah we do
Yes
yes. every nation needs a deterrent from US regime change
Absolutely!
yes, give them ours.
Actually,,,
Yeah I'm totally fine with that
Yes, I do. Might as well since even shitlibs like you act like world police.
Problem is that everybody lies for their own agenda's the American people don't know who to believe. Politicians are to blame. Power hungry.
i vote yes
get rid of America's and Israel's nukes before acting like the moral police of every other country.
Yes
Jesus Christ lady
Hell yeah
Yes, they need a deterrent from American imperial aggression
i fully agree
hot take: yes
It’s a simple question: Do we want Iran to have a nuclear weapon or not? 
Liar liar pants on fire 
Check w/ ur subversive Obama/Clinton Cartel cronies @realDonaldTrump IRAN DEAL:finan'd NKorea & Iran collab'tv devlp'mt nuke weapons (1of3)
TREASONOUS IRAN DEAL included release of TERRORISTS(2of3)
IRAN DEAL - Obama's parting TREASONOUS GIFT (was this some of that uraniumacquired by Russia in criminal URANIUM ONE DEAL?) (3of3)
No<NO<NO<NO
Wow, that's deceptive.  You're getting mad presidential skills going I must say.
Obama already made it easier to get nuclear weapons.
I would like her to tell me on her word that don’t already have a nuclear. Trust without verification? Been there done that
Iran are no saints but the USA destabilises more nations than any other. Pot? Kettle? Black?
Because a black man was president when they were signed? 
Or because Putin told him to in order to further destabilize the world?
I totally agree!
No
Why do you allow Jeff Sessions to have a job?  Do something
One - or lots?
OMG, really? It was Democrats that sneaked, by night, gold, money and weapons to Iran. NO TO IRAN “DEAL”, @realDonaldTrump is best man in my lifetime as President (Reagan great too).
What is the last thing ya'll did that worked?
We want to give them more cash!
They didn't stop. They laugh at you. You negotiate w/ a terrorist totalitarian theocracy...confirming you're weak. (where r u? a bunker?)
Wow !! Time to take your Alzheimer medication!!!
@SenWarren  ssshhhhhhh....Your giving everyone a headache!!
Dingbat Elizabeth Warren came out of the Rat Hole
It's really quite simple. We're not going to let Iran HAVE a nuclear weapon & we don't have 2 send them $150 BILLION in CASH 2 do it, either

You're complaining about the wrong team. It was the BHO Administration that was okay with Iran having nuclear weapons bought with US !!!
OMG you make this up as you go! Obama and YOU Dems are the ones that gave Iran the nuke deal they have now!  Now you blame Trump for that?
Hey Pocahontas, what do you think they used all that money that Obama freed up for?
Most of us don't, you seem to want them to have as many as they want. You supported Obama and Clinton didn't you? Stop your lies.
Well Bill Clinton gave NK money to build theirs.. which they can now sell to Iran
She’s politicking from the rocks were snakes usually I hide her hiss can be heard for miles.
Everyone should see this yet somehow I feel trumpers won’t even open this up
Thank you for seeing reason, explaining why US needs to maintain the agreement, urge Congress to override Pres. Trump's decertification.
#WarrenSanders2020
Send Fauxchahontas to Iran as a Peace Offering
IF BClinton had NOT given NK Nuke warheads,
we wouldn't be having this problem with the 
LEFT created Boogiemen
And Obama and Kerry did little to stop Iran. They wanted A agreement ANY agreement so they gave in to Iran and Iran's terms.
The deal is a bad deal.  Iran is believed to have transferred much of that billions to terrorist organizations.
The fact is Obama and Kerry signed an agreement that clearly gave Iran a path to nuclear weapons. You really need to read that agreement.
This Iran deal is just crazy. every nation needs to come to an agreement.
Your helping them get nukes with the 1.7billion pay off! U are why they wil have nukes as now they can buy them! Ur the prob in USA!
I don't want any country to possess nuclear weapons. That's why I support #nuclearban
So it’s all his fault what do you want to do give them more money. You don’t know what they’ve give up no inspections are allowed
We want you to take you BS Indian roots and go over a huge waterfalls
My goodness you’re nuts Liz
let's talk about uranium a key ingredient of nuclear weapons being sold to Russia.... stop the politics for 5mins. #ClintonRussianCollusion
You literally have a deal for them to have nuclear weapons in 10 years. #Democrats did the same with #NKorea. You must wear your ass for a 
They never stopped persuing it #Fauxchontas. Stop speaking, it's been proven to damage intelligence just listening to you.
They already have some EINSTEIN.
To my understanding is that the inspectors are not being given access the military nuclear sites. So we still can’t control there bomb acess
Dah....no?
You already supported that. $1.4 billion cash payoff from Obama. You're out in 2018, fake ass Pocahontas.
Blah blah blah!!!
Obama did this!!!! Obama did this!!!! Obama did this!!!! And Hillary helped. And so did you! So did you!
Bad deal you sold out the American People. We want no part of a bad deal that hinges on terrorist  not telling lies!
NO. We do not.
Do we want Donald Trump to have nuclear weapons?
No
No
INARA was passed to highlight the many flaws of Obama's plan and weakness of nuke deal.
Are you sure about that?
You're doing an awesome job don't let up on these dirt bags looking to hurt the hourly folks of this country.
How have you managed to stay out of Prison?
Your the problem with political figures, you have a bunch of questions, and stupid answers, I'm glad your not of our Cherokee blood.
No, no, and never!
You’re not very bright are you?
In what world do you trust a regime that preaches "death to America" every day? They are also buds with N.Korea.

We don’t want Trump to have them! 
Simple question...how in the world did you get elected?
You cant buy them off. They are still working in secret. TAQIYYA
Obama’s nuke deal guarantees Iran will get their nuclear weapons. Even helped pay for it! Sad
I do not want US to have a nuclear program. I simply do not trust nuclear codes with a child, sorry.
