Racist,  much???
Try 4 years
I am more concerned how Obummer bought homes for 20 Million, while grossing 3.2 million in the last 8 years.
where is this house?
Hawaii, California, DC.
where did you get that information.?
CNN, yes I know it could  be fake news.
cannot find on cnn.
Of course he could afford, he's been off budget during his tenure. Almost 10 trillion debt w/nothing.
try to stay on topic.
hey Elizabeth just because it was done that way before does not make it right sorry
appears you are ok with being fleeced. A lot of the rest of us aren't
no actually I'm not that's why I voted against Hillary Clinton
I have a university you might be interested in.
you know you were going to get fleeced with Hillary you have no idea what will happen here
been reading fake news ?  Guess Trump Univ. was on the up and up, contractors were never stiffed?

none others have been as SUCCESSFUL as D. Trump BEFORE they were POTUS!!
what can we do? What can anyone do? I feel so helpless against this insane man and his yes-men!!
@womensmarch  See http://Indivisible.com  for step by step guide & women's march #resistance
HRC was lawless & corrupt. Thank God she lost!
DT is lawless, corrupt, and a terrible human. We all lose.
no, he won, I won, HRC lost, you lost. Open your eyes, look for good
it is all about winning and losing for you...not about what is actually going on. Good luck with that!
don't you mean that we are to #BlindTrust @realDonaldTrump?
@SenSanders Our future protests will be met with military response. Will GOP come to their senses in time to stop him?
I feel...
You will soon be unpleasantly surprised by some things Donald does (& has done).
Thank you Sen. Warren for introducing the Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act of 2017 - essential


did u not hear Trump today he has a blind trust set up also his attroney explained it if u listened
@FriendEden100 @realDonaldTrump  does any1 else find trump + his surrogates Orwellian. The doublespeak blows my mind
I honestly can't take much more! I'm moving to Canada!
hurry up and go!
I hope you're not holding your breath. Or what? What happens then? DO SOMETHING!
EW can't do anything. Always an ineffective senator, just has a big mouth. Hi
can you direct me to the standard?
Warren, stop embarrassing urself. U hurt women in politics everywhere!
2008 Trump business deal in Russia by son for hotel
#InTrumpWeBlindlyTrust. #BlindTrustsAreForOthers. #SwampFeeder
@mch7576 @realDonaldTrump also does releasing tax return info.. we are still waiting for that.. not holding my breath!!

having his son in law as senior advisor is illegal -please stop this insanity the second he is sworn in!
how about JFK?
ok pocahontas
you are as rude as he is.
Jimmy Carter never sold his peanut farm
He's not standard, that's why we put him in office. Wake up, Are you really that stupid????
exactly. Nothing less!
thank god for Elizabith Warren. She is who we trust.
But  @HillaryClinton didn't divest the Clinton Foundation now did she? You need to quit with the #DoubleStandard
We still expect you to inherit Indian reservation land any time now.
Sadly,this person will not appreciate, value or respect protocol that has been the mainstay of our government!
He said he would do it. He promised his supporters. Please explain yourself Mr Trump
Don't hold your breath
what u expect has no bearing. U lost. Not required.
Pocahontas  speaks.
You see #Trump has f00led others to have blind trust in him!
we are no longer doing status quo or haven't you heard. There us a new non-conventional leader in town.
The House Intel Committee needs to subpoena his tax returns. Ties to Russia could be a national security risk.
Boy are you going to be disappointed. You expect integrity from the man who bragged about molesting women?
He's crooked so won't happen. 2 words: Emol clause  & how bout that H Abedin/Wiener family secrets sharing with Jared and Ivanka?
Yes @realDonaldTrump show us that you have some integrity and set up a blind trust
expect the unexpected 
you can't
use the word Donald & (blind)TRUST in the same thought..does not work in any scenario#GodBlessAmerica
No time needs to have a fire sale to divest
if he doesn't do it let's impeach him fast
As have  compassion, respect, intelligence, honesty, humility. Sadly I see none of these standards in DJT.
a real blind one not involving his children, pure divestiture is necessary.  His businesses are convoluted, must divest.
Do you ever stop.... Kimosabee
@YouGiveMeFever7 @realDonaldTrump he won't even show taxes doesn't follow rules for cabinet & u think blind trust will be done?!
Exactly right!!!
not going to happen we need a new party now.
It won't happen. He's corrupt..don't you get that?
We also expect his cabinet to be vetted correctly for conflicts of interest, but that's not going to happen #nepotism #corruption
Agreed
@MikeLevinCA 

How are YOU going2 accomplish this? He hasn't  been made2 comply with any rules/regs. He Only knows how 2 cheat
. YOU. KNOW HE WON'T. DO IT
Trump lies about everything so I'm not going to hold my breath waiting for him to do the right thing.
Hold him to it!  Or call for impeachment!
don' t let him get away with it.  Demo should stay after him daily
Smoking peace pipes has been the standard for Native Americans.  We expect @SenWarren to do the same.  @realDonaldTrump
Native Americans have always smoked peace pipes. We expect you to do the same. @realDonaldTrump
Native Americans have always smoked peace pipes.  We expect you to do the same. @realDonaldTrump
hold him to the standards of all Prez before him. He is not special nor an exception. Watch every move he makes!
I wouldn't hold my breath.
What if he doesn't? Then what?
he's not going to & never planned on it. The only thing that matters now is how to stop his conflicts of interest.
I can't even imagine what Wednesday's presser is going to be like...if he even has it.
I'm doubtful. But w/ everything that's taking place Tue/Wed it most definitely will be a (staged) media distraction.
Yup. It'll be another publicity stunt like his phony Birther PC and the media will be all over it.
senator Warren can u please ensure MrTrump will reveal he's taxes!!I don't understand what makes him different
Expect no change  A narcissistic personality disorder is  a serious psychiatric illness. Things will get worse.
that is right if Donald J Trump fails and he is get fired!!!!
Why wasn't it standard for SOS too? You and your GF sure live fancy now.
it should not be expected it should be demanded and the law of this land.
a blind trust?? You refuse to give?? #GOP gave #OBAMA his picks without hassle.. grow the H up
PLEASE just wait till his ego makes a mistake and impeach him! That's what we are counting on you to do...
Trump is blind - to everything except himself -- it is all about Trump and nobody else but Trump
PLEASE hold Trump to US standards. He & family must DIVEST. PLEASE no hearings wo vetting/clearance. US first.
You don't realize that he considers himself ABOVE the law?!  Wake up he committed TREASON and should be treated as such!!
@lizsalandar @realDonaldTrump The TRUE definition of a blind trust.
When will we see Trump's tax returns? Why is no one pressuring him to provide them? He's hiding something.
Definitions of everything lawful seem to be obliging this person.Blind,many looking the other way to benefit their agenda,greed,harm,earth 
I want to know why you did not protest election results due to Russian interference? Courage
Only blind trust going on is from those GOP,so called lawmakers who seem to be blindly endorsing policy detrimental to people and planet

#yougogir!
well this orange man T is getting away with his son in law and Ivanka getting involved and pass on top secrets it's getting scary
New normal,dodging truth and press along with focus on making rich richer. Trumpers will get it soon, be sorry
we all know he's going to profiteer on the backs of the middle class why change now
#DoYouJob which is to SERVE THE PEOPLE AND NOT YOUR AGENDA AND YOURSELF.
we expect @realDonaldTrump and his crony kleptocracy to show ALL their tax returns.  Delay confirmation hearings until they do.
what are you doing to help us Sen. Warren? All I see is bitching and complaining.
we?   Not me! Since when you you speak for me?
WELLL....I DO NOT KNOW....IF.....
good luck with that -this is a man who can not accept reality -makes it up as he goes
Poco name them! Don't make statements you can't back up. Forgot you lie constantly
you seem to be real worried about Trump's financial status but if I am not mistaken yours is in question as well
Silly girl! You still believe in that "rule of law" thingy! You're so cute! Just like Barbie!
it he won't and you know you won't be able to do anything about it.
- expect nothing.
grow up and go back home. Working class is tired of you and have spoken
you need to get the Congress back.
Tax Returns was Standard too BUT Donald ain't standard  , sad to say. Maybe Russia will watch over it..
please help find relief for Student debt lower interest rates anything to help working families & students
@marcylauren time to start Impeachment Hearings
YES
Senator, take this to the media. Hold pressers everyday until they comply with ethics review. No votes!
Expect blind trust you are wrong. DEMAND it now
And do not give up on constantly asking for tax returns. He's been dodging about this for what, a year and a half now ?
Well, what we "expect from the President" is not something chump gives a damn about.
He cares only for himself.
Not a requirement. Just as there is no requirement a congress woman has a brain Allowing people like u to wander halls aimlessly
how can he? His Name is his business. Can he put his name in a blind trust? He is a conflict of interest.
its what congress want so between that and Russia they will have plenty to impeach him over.
Who's going to make him?? We don't have any faith in congressional Dems. No offense, but y'all are WAY too nice for real action.
Won't put my money in a "blind" trust" b/c I don't trust the blind! Stevie Wonder voted for Hillary! Unfair!
@Juniper_Rising @realDonaldTrump what are you going to do Senator? We are counting on all on Capital Hill to DO SOMETHING 4 once
Well we expect a lot of things from him. I expect it will all be bad.
don't hold your breath for him to do it voluntarily!
keep after the liar. He must put all into legitimate blind trust.
Agreed. It seems like the swamp is getting deeper and deeper as the 20th approaches.
"Blind Trust"? Is that a Native American term?
Insist. Toddlers and sociopathic Narcissists will not meet your expectations unless you insist.
A blind trust for blind trust?
Well, we "expect" him to do the same.
hold him to the standard!  Where are his taxes, how can his son in law be the senior presidential advisor.
He sleeps with Ivanka.
good luck with that, they'll just ignore all the rules of their choosing
We haven't even seen his taxes. He will always be a crook and America has made a grave mistake.
Dems must STEP UP AND NEVER BACK DOWN or @GOP will ignore/rewrite rules. GOP: Greed. Oligarchy. Privatization.
You CAN'T put real estate holdings in to a Blind Trust. He would need to sell and put proceeds in to Blind Trust
keep hounding DT he needs to get rid of the HUGE conflicts of interest!!!  Do not let him snub our democracy!
don't expect that crook to comply.
@DebGoBlue @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump #lockhimup
don't think even a blind trust avoids all conflicts since he already knows where (what countries) he does business
"trust" isn't a word #Illegitimate @realDonaldTrump is familiar w/.  @SenWarren please hold him accountable. He's not above law
Start a running dossier. Prepare for felonies.
Senator Warren you are my Wonder Woman!
Elizabeth please pack for your reservation... teepee
@CaptainsLog2017 The world  agrees, keep an eye on him, he's a&
Blind is what the ratings machine DJT expects from us.
he's too blind to put anything in a blind trust it's all about Trump not the American people
In vain. You can trust blind that this tangerine catastrophe will ruin US for good the next 30 years or so.
blind trust is why we are in the mess we are in!! Aka studity #feelthebern
- he's way too weak to give up control.
you are a sellout!! #feelthebern
You people had NO ISSUES with the Clinton Foundation when you thought she would win. Another pathetic plot.
doesn't live in the same world as mere humans or citizens.  In his world neither ethics nor facts matter
You've heard the phrase, "Life is full of small disappointments"? Or in this case unmet expectations.
Why wasn't the vote audited? This maniac should not be this close to the White House!!!!!
yes we will.
Why didn't you stand up with protesting Democrat Representatives last week if you're so concerned?
And we know how successful those blind trusts have been in eliminating conflicts of interest.... haha
Carter and Nixon went a step further. Carter sold his farm & Nixon cashed out his stocks.
will never happen and crooked-Repubs are OK with that.
face it, it's not going to happen. The GOP is walking all over the Demo ramming cabinet appt thru

Don't hold your breath 
There is no such thing with his personally owned businesses. He knows a trump business when he sees it.
So accountability when, coz Drumpf clearly doesn't care about rhetoric.

you have got to be joking. Blind Trust that is what Obama has had and look where we are.
.@twohourcruise11 @SenWarren lol this guy doesn't know what a blind trust is 
#GOP &#Trump feel they r above doing whats right,feel they r entitled to do what they want,not  the country
yes you will have to tell him what it us and how to set it up.
and we'd still like to see his tax return, someday.  My bet is that it's enlightening if not incriminating.
if he really wants to be president #divestdonald would not be an issue. Thank you Sentor for doing your job.
With NO involvement by his children.
A blind trust is a excellent idea. Do the right thing Donald Trump
- Did Soros tell you that?
trumps are above the law. He not going to change at 71. Punish him.
 Impeach him conflicts are building up.
Expectations will not be met. Only laws. And while you're at it -- what're you doing about this?
Sounds like he's intentionally leaving U.S.unprepaired for what's to come or he really is THAT stupid and vengeful.plot thickens!
i hate to say it. Dont expect it. You have to enforce it. Dont let him off the hook.
please run next election with @BernieSanders as your vp! We need saving after this 4 year nightmare..
just who is "WE"
A real blind trust! Not a Trump blind trust where he maintains a ownership and his relatives run the business.
@scbusy realDonaldTrump good luck with that!
Warren, you are irrelevant so make no demands. SHUT UP!
The thing is, what are you going to do when he doesn't do it? Because we know he is not going to do it.
"expect"? How about DEMAND and ENFORCE THE LAW if not adhered to?
please hold the next administration accountable at every turn!  Thank u!
The only way 2 force his hand is 2 make him look bad in public.  Scream it all thru out the Twitterverse!!
u r so right
You lied about your ethnicity to get ahead, thus insulting Native Americans. Apologize, Senator Warren.
But who is going to make him? Someone made Obama give up his phone at first - why can't we do the same to Trump? Come on people!
I don't believe this tradition will prevail
this won't happen. The *PEOTUS only tweets
Real estate is illiquid and his loans securitized & distributed. No Emoluments Clause for him? What Constitution! Not right!
