Propaganda
And we have thousands more saying how bad Obamacare has ruined them, sooooooo
Not me. Thanks for Obama care. I'm a cancer Survivor. I probably will be dead with out Obama care. The treatment is too expensive.
My brother's premiums went down from when he was on NewtRomneyCare to the #ACA from abt 1150/month to abt 450/month 1st year of ACA
My sons obamacare is 800.00 mthly, plus 2,000.00 ded. Each., had to move back with parents, family of 4,  as cant make rent or get treatment
so you say, but then all Trumpkins are complete liars not a 1 of you can be believed .. no none of you get the benefit of the doubt anymore
Maybe stop dividing the country, get your ass in gear and try to help come up with a solution.
We have a solution. All we have to do is embrace it. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Believe me, you dont eant single payer, as health care will get worse, major treatment on 3mths - 3yrs before treatment, due to wait list
Number of countries with Single Payer or Health Care for All that have gone back to a different system: ZERO.
And to why they come to america for healthcare,  cause by the time they receive care in their country, it is too late for them to survive
Liam did a great job! My son didn't ask for the many medical battles he faces. His life matters as do many like him!
So obamacare need to be repealed, so millions can get the care that they need!!!
The ACA ROBBED elderly ppl of Medicare dollars to fund the plan. Ask an elder why they only get one hospitalization for CHF NOW!
Please show where your statistics come from ?
lol of course it's a lie the good thing is real folks are calling out these phony trolls
Something tells me Sarah Slanders won't be reading this from the podium
What about the millions, not getting the care they need, because of obamacare policy?
Thank goodness  for yo u Elizabeth Warren.
Senator Warren thank you for fighting for healthcare
Senator Warren fights for the people of this great nation Trump exploits & robs the people
Really, where's your legal proof, please show
Thank you over and over for being a strong voice in what seems to be a rapscallion gallery. #impeachDonaldTrump
How can impeachment be an option when there was nothing done except patriotic gestures to further our countries interests. Ignorance.
lmao #25thAmendmentNow then impeach & convict THEN LOCK HIM UP
Patriotic gestures? Like what? Anyone who supports @realDonaldTrump despite his Russia bootlicking is no patriot.
Russia bootlicking? When did that happen?
Litterally the entire campaing when he kept on saying what a great ally Russia could be, and when he gave them back those compounds.
If you're talking about the New York and Maryland compounds, he hasn't given them back, and the Russians are super pissed he hasn't.
He plans to give them back, he announced so as a "diplomatic matter"
Exploiting a 10 year old boy! This is a new low for the Democrats! Like my fav comedian @SebastianComedy says "Aren't you embarrassed?"
I don't think for a second that any 10 year old knows what the ACA is.  You're a joke!
Do you get letters from native Americans telling you what a con artist you are?
Really? Is this little boy a con artist?
I bet she cheered when Trump announced he settled the Trump U case for only $25 million when he was liable for over $175 million in damages
Trump robbed fellow Americans for $150 million & walked away Scott free .. but Elizabeth Warren is a con artist lol
Try using your logo picture as John Wilkes Booth it fits you much better Traitors come in many forms and Sir your no American.
Waiting 4 u to stand up 4 #CharlieGard 
@SenWarren so he can be rescued from what you're trying 2 force on the rest of #America #FullRepeal
I, too, am waiting.....bring that precious child to the USA for free medical care - give him a chance!
I would bet that if push comes to shove @realDonaldTrump would pay for his care, He is a great man and done thongs like that before.
I don't think so, it'll cost money!
Elizabeth, your voice is definitely one we don't want to hear
Speak for yourself RDurisvig!
I am
Then don’t say “we” say “I”
At 22 years old Miri wrote a letter to @realDonaldTrump about his ridiculous premium and sky high deductible that rendered Ins useless.
So, that negates everyone who has gotten healthcare and support Obama Care, the ones showing up to town halls? Repeal, no replace?
Well from Muri perspective he only cares about how much he is paying. We have Medicaid for people that need medical help and poor.
Not if the GOP had anything to do with it
Well we will give you that. Then help us destroy obama care
Fix it, not repeal it. O care was a Republican idea in the first place
We don't care as long as it has obama name tagged to it.
Sorry, Liam, the wealthy elites need a tax break. GOP doesn't care, doesn't care, doesn't care.
Yet @SenWarren and all her family are exempt from Obamacare. If it was so great, why did they write in a loophole excluding all of them?
Stick to the point, Pamela. Health care is a human right for all.
What kind of health care you think we'll have when the gov't is in control?  Hint, ask a patient trying to get seen at a VA hospital
One of the very few able to afford the premiums and deductibles. Get rid of Obamacare, and millions more will be able to afford both.
Please explain your point of view
>treatment, people die. There's no reason an 80 year old man needs a policy including OB-GYN benefits: he will never use them, but must pay
Then why should I have to pay for an 80 yo mans third  bypass surgery? We do it because it is right. Single payer or GTFO
How in the hell are we going to pay for "free" health insurance for 330 million? Do you want hospitals and care like the Brits have? Canada?
Yes actually I think that would be great idea. Works everywhere else. Are Australians rioting because their healthcare is so bad ?
I survived cancer because of advances in medical care in America. My Father In Law died in UK cause they refused 2 treat his constipation
I survived cancer as well and it nearly bankrupt my family and caused a divorce.
And your voice is something we definitely don't want to hear you nasty woman
She's a cloying, insipid, teutonic wretch of an excuse for a woman, and God knows she's no Indian.
I'm guessing she did stay at a Holiday Inn 
What is @SenWarren doing about healthcare? Did she or any Dem put forward a plan to fix ACA, the letter needs to be sent to @DNC   @GOP
Yes they have.  Republicans can't read.
Where is it... I will apologize if the DEMS brought forward a fix but I haven't heard any talk other than the hate of false facts.
Ask yourself this Why would a billionair care? Why would you, All you politicians are the same, you dont care, never have, never will.
bunk in fact this ignorance is why we have an evil traitor sitting in the White House
Soldiers to die and lies about it. Takes big money from wall Street. Hitlery sells this country to the highest bidder.
Too bad this president does,not have a heart.
Or a brain.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3382756/Donald-Trump-cut-medical-treatment-nephew-s-sick-baby.html … he's pure evil read this
"Please prop up this failed system because it helped someone" You sound like Pravda in the final years of the Soviet Collapse #RealReformNow
Agreed. Anything short of #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll is not real reform.
Single Payer = Increased Costs, Poor Service, Guaranteed failure. Why not look at successes like Switzerland or Holland?
Number of countries with single payer that have rethought it and switched back to a mess like America's system??? ZERO.
Why would they switch back to a pseudo single payer system? It's the worst of all worlds & broken. Look at Switzerland/Holland #MarketsWork.
The British, French, Germans, Aussies (whose health care system Drumpf praised), Kiwis, Canadians all have socialized health care.
And that's why Canadians and Brits come to the US for care.
Do u know how many Americans go to Thailand, India, & other countries for life-saving procedures they simply can't afford in the US?
Funny how so many Conservative Evangelicals don't believe in Darwinism yet want to apply its principles to health care.
Hey Liam Sweetie, you melted my heart and I broke into tear 

Thank-you, Senator Warren. Seems like the ladies in Senate are the ones to end the insanity over health care, Republicans & Democrats.
Thank you for bringing us together, Senator. It can feel damn lonely out here sometimes.
Could find thousands saying the same thing about ObamaCare right now.......but MSM not interesting in showing the truth. Only smearing Trump
Good job Liam! 
All the folks who voted Trump will be affected too if ACA is repealed. Don't they understand that? Thanks Sen. Warren for fighting for us
How low u go to use children but I have a idea why don't u help and give the people the same health insurance you have
New hc will not affect his mother ability to get affordable health care. Quit lying to the people Pocahontas.
And you people call out Trump for using a fallen soldier as political pawn? You guys really make this sh*t too easy.
We are all sick. We all need health care. These videos aren't representing America in the right way.
In 1985, the day after my dad died, my mom was dropped from health insurance. In 2015, Obamacare ended that. Took too long! Improve the ACA!
@XXXHOLLYHALSTON @realDonaldTrump - average price of EpiPen before ObamaTaxCare act written by phama & United HC 100 after 300
He doesn't care.
President Trump is not the leader I want my grandchildren to see. He is a bully! No morals and takes no responsibility for his actions!
Thank you you for what you do and best of luck to Liam's family.
From the mouth of babes!
God bless you and your Mom, Liam!
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/885629405254516736 …
Real!!!!!
Love your tenacity. As a retired prof myself & a 3-time cancer patient, I love that you stand up to insensitive conservatives in congress.
really can you really know just how hard this is when you,your child of parents are ill. trump sues over a word about his family. amazing
That @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins @JerryMoran Will never Support such Crap @ACLU @CREWcrew @MaddowBlog Agree
Monday McConnell Will try to Pass Trump Care Again But it us so terrible with a 10%,approval Rating now @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
Liam, the democrat party ruined my family's healthcare and then exempted themselves from it.  Adults don't always tell the truth. #ObamaCare
Heartbreaking that a child has to worry like this. The Republicans steal everything, including childhood from our most vulnerable.
So many like Liam Barry & family. Get to work, Congress. Band together to oppose  and show solidarity. America is watching.
The ACA Obama signed wasnt even the bill that had been passed due to all changes. It was doomed from the start. Maybe it shld been read.
You use children 4 ur evil agendas? You will be swallowed up in your own evil schemes. Fake News has spread fear-u will b held accountable.
One must have a heart to employ it. Heartless is DC's anthem. 
Your pathetic.  He just happened to know who you are and wrote you a letter huh.   And why, because you lie and scare the crap out of him.
I hope trump sees this & whatever brain cells he has left, something might compute
My sweet daughter wrote this.
Wow pretty desperate to use children to push your Democrat agenda. Will you and your children fighters grow up and make peace and progress.
Im old enough 2 remeber when we didn't have Obama Care in this country How come I dont recall all these people dying
they don't know what they're talking about because you don't tell them the truth
I'm sure Liam has a firm grasp of political machinations. your shameless attempt to play on emotions is disgusting; MAGA
People need to stop scaring kids like that. That poor child shouldnt be carrying that weight .Did President Trump take her health care away?
Um funny how u got the bogus letter potus has no knowledge of that Liam letter ! Warren the lying hack libtard progressive
Such bullshit to be selling to a child
Yes, because we should all take healthcare advice from a ten year old. 
You are unbelievable. Using a child for your own benefit. Same Americans see through you.  vote Geoff Deihl 2018 !!
I know, let the crap package you call Obamacare run it's course and see what happens to the little guys Mom.
Stop ur political BS and fix it
It's heartbreaking that a10 year old worried about these things. My health is failing withdiabetes, NASH, kidney disease and osteoarthritis.
I would not have healthcare without the ACA. I have written for town hall meetings but VA Repubs. Are scared about security. Cowards all.

Why don't you ask your Auntie Pocahontas for the money to pay your mom's hospital bills , for a Senator she is a surprisingly wealthy lady.
Maybe his letter will impress the President!  But there are many injured people in US! They want to become healthy as soon as possible!
This would be wonderful if it only cared for everyone but it only cares for a select few oh that's right that's what you guys are about
I'm sorry Little Johnny that your mother's a low-life loser
Man this moved me to tears
Yes, let's have children afraid for their parents lives decide policy. That way it can go broke in half the time!
Shameless exploitation of children, maniuplating them with Dem lies about so-called healthcare - (its really about health insurance folks)
Awesome 
Sorry, Liam ! @realDonaldTrump doesn't care , unless you are a Corp , or super rich. US of Hypocracy
Scaremonger Warren. Disgusting lies. NO ONE is EVER turned away who needs medical attention. YOUR plan made it unaffordable and difficult
This is what libs do when they learn that they're irrelevant: Exploit anything and anyone to further their sick ideology.
Omg Americans,take care of ur own.A country that can afford 2 provide healthcare for ALL its people but let's even ONE die instead is damned
Yes, pocohontas, we all are falling for this.  What is your plan to fix this horrible obamacare ponzi tax scheme that is hurtring so many?
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Dear Liam & family,
You are in my heart & I am keeping you in my prayers. 
Sending love & strength to you! 
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Thanks for the propaganda Elizabeth 
wow. Have you no humanity?
People not being able to get insurance without the Unaffordable care act is bs. People that are going to die without ACA is propaganda
Really?  Do you elderly parents or grandparents?  Ever owned a small business?  Facts please regarding
Elderly mother, my wife owns a small business and she hates ACA
Apparently you didn't get the letters sent by the VA pts.
I suffer from muscle atrophy & severe arthritis. I cant get care bcuz ACA has tripled my costs & my deductible is out of reach. I pay for
three ppl's worth of my old policy, but cant use it at all, bcuz its priced out of my reach. I cant afford to use it, not allowed to cancel
Without the mandate, I could at least put that money in a healthcare savings account & have use of it.
What Obamacare did was put more on gov't assistance & made premiums & deductibles way to high for the working man.
Government is not the answer. It can't even take care of our vets and you, Warren, are government.
I hope this boys mom is able to get what she needs in way of med care
This Is America???!!!!
They need to go after the shyster insurance companies who only want to increase their profits. The hell with the needs of the citizens.
We know he's not listening. They don't fine one iota about people dying w/o coverage. Their focus is on trashing Obama's legacy.
Trump doesn't care and can't read.
#ProtectOurCare
Thank you for fighting for us every day, @SenWarren. I highly recommend the film "All the Rage" http://alltheragedoc.com/ 
Poor kid already believes Democrat lies and untrue talking points.
Mrs. Warren, where is your OUTRAGE with the 33 million Americans who do not have insurance   for the past 3 years still til today???
How about I can't afford health coverage now because of the ACA. I must be helping everyone else by making theirs affordable. I have 3 kids
bet he had a lot of help with that Lizzie
You have no shame do you...??
This would only have an effect on #45 if he had a heart or a conscience. Sadly for this child and his Mom, he doesn't give a damn. #Impeach
That's simply not true
Exploiting kids to suit your agenda is disgusting. Maybe leftists can't see through you but we Trumpers sure can.
Child exploitation is about what I would expect next from this pathetic individual.
Give it a rest already Pocahontas!
Wake up tRump you will be killing people with your GOP (greed over people) healthcare bill. You are an embarrassment.
You're pure evil using a child to push your political agenda 
Is Liam from MA? How about you do something for the citizens of the state you were elected to represent?
She obviously doesn't live in AZ. The doctors and nurses make her health care possible. The insurance is just the money racket between them.
#fraudalert Massachusetts had a state healthcare plan before ACA. Remember Romneycare? This propaganda is disgusting & you should be ashamed
Uh, you left out the part where mom got cut to part time and lost employer provided healthcare because of ACA debacle you fraud!
You are a despicable liar fraud con artist. Have you paid native Americans back the scholarship/grant money you stole? DNA test? Midterm out
lets not forget those who can't afford to put food on the tables cuz of Ocare deductibles and prem-u don't mind killing ppl-guess it depends
Stop it Warren,  TAKE THE DAMN DNA TEST !
But OCare will be insolvent soon so it needs to be replaced. These are the facts and for Pocahontas to suggest otherwise is misleading.
At 10 years old you were just a young squaw roaming the plains of Massachusetts on a vision quest to learn the mysteries of bankruptcy law
Yes Elizabeth please listen to Liam and think of everyone who corporatist Dems are kicking to the curb by NOT SUPPORTING SINGLE PAYER #HR676
Did you care about Liams voice when your party was all in on the premium raising tax payer killing Obamacare you fraud and fake Indian
http://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/states-discover-the-high-cost-of-obamacares-free-medicaid-expansion/ … Long line to the grave is now going to cost 6% more for a pain pill.
They are repealing Your Obamacare.
How much $ did the DNC pay for this propaganda?
Did the letter start Dear Mr President?It did not start Dear Senator Warren.Why does she have the letter?
A real letter is sent to addressee
Middle class here. Have had an illness for over 8 yrs and no insurance. ACA  was not affordable for me. Our side has sob stories too.
I'm sure the letter is just, but we just can't trust you @SenWarren 
If you cannot follow the rules, we cannot follow you
#rule18ignored
If Obamacare is repealed, we can have MUCH better health options! #RepealObamaCare
You and killary make such a good couple lying Liz. Speak Cherokee yet??? A'Ho!
If you think 1700.00 a month for INSURANCE is affordable-this country is in more trouble than we think-with deductible 27,900.00 a year
Poor folks get Medicaid..Rich folks can afford Healthcare ..but the working class get SCREWED out of their homes..food..AND Healthcare
You can't take the example of the few and Trump the many. So until you show that more people benefit than are hurt by the ACA, shove it.
Trump can't read intelligent letters. Especially from children!
Real question. How many are suffering and dying under ObamaCare? Should Demos/Libs be held responsible for their deaths?
And why are the adults in his life frightening a little boy. They should be arrested and charged with child abuse.
Scram kid, GOP DGAF!

How about my fragile health? Lost my insurance to Obamacare. Couldn't afford replacement.
This women is a monster. Using a Lil boy like this. No one wants to take HC away from ppl. But ObamaCare isn't affordable for anyone.
Unfortunately, toxic foolish Trump is too caught up in party politics and his hatred of Obama to care about Americans except the rich. Sad!
Too many in Congress have their hands clapped to their ears.
You liberals created this mess & now u want 2 blame POTUS, Obamacare should not have passed government is not the answer socialist sucks
If this was frm any1 other than a lying Dem, I might believe it. Warren had zilch credibility. But, they'll stoop 2anything to keep Os ACA.
Warren sent the letters to herself
What is the root cause of unaffordable care and insurance?
He doesn't care so why waste our time. It is all about him and the wealthy, not the poor who need help. Not sorry for what I say show action
Truth..President Trump is NOT trying to take away anyone's health insurance!  Get your ass to work with your cohorts in Congress and fix it!
Stop spewing crap talk!  Get to WORK!

You're one of the worst human beings alive. Congrats.
Hey Warren..she will be eligible for state subsidized medicaid..which is more
affordable than the skyrocketing
deductibles and no insurer
@realDonaldTrump does not care. All he cares about is twitter likes.   @ChelseaClinton got 10 times more likes than his attack on her BTW.
Warren has no problem w million abortions a yr, but 4 her marxist agenda she found a boy who can beg.
Sen. U r as American as O is Christian
He did not come up with that letter by himself! Come on!
Democrats tore up the healthcare in this country.  My healthcare was great before ACA.  Now it's not worth a fraction of what we pay for it.
Warren you should run for president plz, it'll only make the 2020 elections much easier for Trump
Oh please! DO YOU KNOW REALIZE HOW MANY AMERICANS WAS SUFFERING BECAUSE OF OBAMA CARE? I'M SURE YOU DO AND JUST DON'T CARE! SAVE IT LADY!
@SenWarren I knew you were a cockroach but ur even lower than that bug, more like miggots on a shit pile u know damn well ACA is done 4
FAUXCAHONTAS USES A CHILD IN HER BS #LIBTARD POLITICAL MSG!!!  Have you no shame???  Nvm.  I already know the answer.......
This makes me sad. Using a child...
#fakenews. #fakeindian
I don't believe this 10 yr. old did this on his own. Find out how much nutohontis paid his family? Proofs in the pudding folks
Why does everyone believe that before a certain age, people have no beliefs?
Shame on you pocahontas!
Dear Liam, sorry 2 inform U Trump doesn't care 4 U nor ur mother. All he cares 4, is crowd size, his reputation, his family name & profits.
I wish your mom well & hope  U grow up 2 B a much better human being & a better President then that IMP who cheated his way through  the WH.
Oh, pimping the kids, huh old batchit Lizbeth.
Well try lower pharmacy drugs and try lowering medical cost.  Congress is only interested in their own wealth
She's a liar l. Post these million of letters.
Lusten to me too, I have a story.  You're a paricite, bottom feeder.
@realDonaldTrump Thanks to you and Liam for defending effective healthcare. Now Donald Trump has to demonstrate that he has a soul. I hope.
If his mom's health is that fragile, she should go on SSDI (Medicare) NOT Obamacare aka Medicaid which most doctors don't accept.
#Pathetic you wanna be #Indian Children are off the adult table #SuchAGrasp #Embarrassing #MAGA
Forcing children into political skirmishes is just child abuse.
God bless u Liam, I hope u get the answer u and millions r looking 4 from Trump. God bless u n your family. Tell your mom to keep fighting!
You have no shame....exploiting children!
@VP how about this story
The loser doesn't care... it's all about HIM
#savecharliegard !!!!!!!!! Make Charlie Gard an American #sanctuarycities
I'm sure this 10 year old wasn't put up to this at all. Either that or 10 year olds are all Progressives can talk to.
Using children in your political bullshit is tasteless & ineffective. You have a lot of class to bad its all low. @POTUS taking care of all.
Tell Liam that his mother won't lose anything, and that you are a big liar, and tell him that the mean fake Indian won't hurt him no more.
Thanks to ACA & destruction of my health plan, I now have a plan I can't afford, w/a ded. I will never meet, & no $ left 4 meds, or dr visit
Amazing..this is so frightening for everybody so so frightening. Thank you, again, Sen. Warren.
So if I claim I am part native American like you do I  get preference for job eligibility? Free tax payer subsidized soap boxes?
This is the second letter to President Trump that Warren has used ... is she intercepting his mail ?
