Maybe when you retire you can go give them a six-figure speech.
When you get up on your soap box and speak about something you show no understanding of, it makes me embarrassed to be from Massachusetts
She gave her typical performance this morning. Just like a thug. Did not give him a chance to answer. @Varneyco
You got to be shitting me Elizabeth. Our country is a complete wreck because of your party and this is what you want to talk about.
Wells Fargo has a history of performing criminal acts against it's customers. Still no criminal charged ever get filled.
Wells Fargo should be seized and assets sold off! Teach the banking industry we don't put up with it.
I have a Q 4 u @SenWarren: Why didn't u endorse @SenSanders during the 2016 Democratic Primaries? Did @JoeBiden give u the heads up abt HRC?
R financial predators selected late mortgages WITH plenty of equity 2 QUICK foreclosure
I have a question for you Chief Warren when are you going back to the reservation to your people
I'd like to but it's for facebook users only
yeah we have plenty of questions for you too.
Fraud. Fight a real fight. Like the corrupt government you’re a part of. That’s from your own Boston Herald.
More talk no action from Pocahontas
Are you gonna let them answer the questions this time?  All I saw was you consistently cutting them off after every question.
...and blacklisted.  Now I try to get a job at another bank but I can’t, cause they all know each other.
Get any interviews?  Guessing  your whining might be the reason for no job offers.  No constitutional right to severance pay  BTW
Check out my podcast.  You might learn something. https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/david-from-new-york/id1266249321?mt=2https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/david-from-new-york/id1266249321?mt=2 ….
From you? Doubt it.  Here's a hint. HR personnel check social media postings. I wouldn't hire you either
I have an answer: unless he's breaking the law, it's none of your damned business, commie.
Ooh, more questions. You're so good. I can't wait to watch you read questions.

That is real hypocrisy. You receive donations from Stanford and UC and question others' donations ?  How can you be so hypocrite? The left!
Faux A Hontas.  Maybe you should pay back the aid you took illegally.
Nothing good comes out of a huge for-profit bank. I only deal with my local credit union and have nothing but raves for them.
Elizabeth you are the biggest hypocrite.
Liawatha ...investigate your illegal practices first, start in the mirror lady & work outward!
I have questions about how you insult Native Americans by billing the system on their backs. How is that different from Wells Fargo?
We have our own questions, pochahontas, what makes u think you're qualified 2 question anyone about finances, integrity or honesty? Hmmmm?

Isn't this the pot calling the kettle black. Why are you so worked up over the banks. How is this health insurance going? You are a crook
Hater
Plans for lower level employees?

How about letting them have jobs, instead of automating their low skilled positions?
We the people have a lot ? For u too pochantos
You supported hillary and no one has more ties to Wall Street crooks than her.  You are a fraud.  #pocahontas
You should ask him next time you are schmoozing together.
I'd rather stab my eyes with a fork, but thanks for the offer.
And I am disgusted E Warren got Privileges for lying about her ethnicity!
Thanks for all the work you do to keep big banking honest. I did my part by taking all my money out of Wells Fargo 
@SenWarren I work for a great company with great people. Let us fix this and stop pointing the finger, we’re doing a lot of things right
@SenWarren our CEO Tim Sloan is doing a wonderful job. You haven’t been in the field making these changes but we have.
YOU Pocahontas, are a hypocrite.
When a multimillionaire lectures other rich people.   You are a power hungry fraud
Yes @SenWarren. You know what they call your interference in business? Fascism.
Let’s talk about your buddy Mendenez
How about all the money you take from Wall Street banks as supposed contributions. You’re a total hypocrite
You were so rude today when he was answering you. Looking away and moving around.  Classless Pocahontas
This chick will literally say and do anything for a vote.
I have questions about Harvard paying you $500,000 a term to overcharge students for one class a week, that most likely sucks
Ask Warren Buffett.
How about u answer to the taxpayers how u become a millionaire while (not) serving the people.
Pocahontas, that's what businesses do! Haven't figured it out or Now want to control who they hire, fire? This is USA, Not Venezuela!
We have questions why you claimed to be a Native American when you obviously weren't. Oh, yes, you wanted a job so why not lie. Tsk tsk.
Maybe you should look at how public servants like you turn into multimillionaires
@SenWarren you are the 1%.
God Bless President Trump

ELIZABETH: I have more questions about your campaign donors. Why is Stanford and University of California giving you money?  https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/915242486859169793 …
None of your business.
No, she's a public official....
working in the Bay Area meeting many folks who worked for Wells, I understand now more than ever that banks have outlived their usefulness
U have questions? So do Americans like, how u funneled $ through fake employees like awain brothers? #SpyRigginCongress. U r corrupt Liz
I'm so scared that the Trump era is going to make a new world order in the United States to destroy that's terrible don't you think?
If anyone needs to answer questions it’d be you and your BFF Hillary!
Only you're constituency is dumb enough to believe your BS. The rest of us USE our brains!
Plans do do the will of the people?
I have questions about your predatory home foreclosure purchases. 
How about it, Lieawatha?
Clearly you got some sort of beef with Wells Fargo....They must have refused to DONATE at some point
I have questions when you are going to accomplish something for MA? All talk no action! Unacceptable
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
The only question you need to ask him at this point is how do you plead mr. Sloan.
And then set his bail at the same amount that he scammed his victims for
You fraud. Zero credibility. Complete contempt for everything you say and do as you your rubs consumer agency costs us $606M 
@TuckerCarlson
.You're the pot calling the kettle black. It's all politics to you corrupt Dems . How's corrupt @SenatorMenendez DirtyDems this is a joke.
Warren soliciting donations again!
I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT AN MILL$$ UNSECURED LOAN U GOT RECENTY & UR DENIAL TO HAVE A DNA???

ELIZABETH: I have more questions about your campaign donors. Why is Stanford and University of California giving you money?  https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/915242486859169793 …
why are you receiving money from universities.Your questions are bordering on harrassment
I have more questions about your Real estate deals in Oklahoma...
Sen. Warren thank you for helping the little guy in this. We don't stand a chance fighting these criminals on our own.
Warren needs to fight real causes.  Not tearing down a great co. like Wells Fargo.  She failed today and it was good to see Sloan stand up.
Great Company.  We're you dropped on your head as a baby?
Why don’t you start doing the job of Senator? Define legislate? Define 3 branches of govt? Define obstruction?Define helping all Americans!
You are fearless. One of the only politicians that "has my back"
So sad!
Of course you do you’re the cackling hen that won’t shut up.  Because your idiot voters just want yelling and free money with no work
Do it at the shareholder's meeting. This is Congress' business?
Watched the whole exchange..when does he go?
How does congress run a $10 Trillion Deficit Debt in 8 years & claim no responsibility for leading America toward Bankruptcy. U R Bad.
It cost a lot of money to operate a #SpyRingInCongress / funneling all that money w/ #FakeEmployees for 14 years
@HouseFloor @USHouseRep @HouseGOP @CSPAN 

Are you Aware of a #SpyRingInCongress ?
Have you heard about the #AwanBrothers or …
Liz have you ever been in a Wells Fargo branch?The employees are happy and love their job. Again, you have a strong opinion without research
You are the most divisive disgusting politician i have ever seen.
Just in case I have emails to prove it.  While employed raising concerns and right after termination.  I was ignored, blacklisted then fired
The fish rots from the head down. Lock him up!
You always have lots of questions but unfortunately you yourself have never had any real answers. Too bad for America. Its why I became a R.
Keep the pressure on him Elizabeth!!!
It's so refreshing to watch you publicly castrate, for lack of a better word, these ceos who think they are above reproach. Good work.
While she takes contributions from them under the table.
Ask him how he would handle internal complaints from employees to Human Resources? I was ignored.
No one wants to watch you ramble.
Once officers of the bank, we then became hourly employees.  Which meant,they were no longer required to pay severance.
Keepit UP!  this is a really BIG DEAL! "Tip of the iceberg^."
I'm sure you questions will be very "impotent" like the rest of you pointless questioning
I am an avid non supporter of you, however today we found common ground you nailed it with Wells Fargo.  Thank you.
I have more questions your Native American heritage...
Senator he is lying.  When we serve in executive roles in banking our chain of command know everything, if not our careers wld be over
U do when you're in the process of paying and overseeing company bills.
Make sure Wells Fargo doesn't play our government money i got senate Lindsey graham about to help me get for us with no gay shit involve
Send these GUYS TO JAIL WHERE THEY BELOW! REWARDING BAD BEHAVIOR ISNT AMERICAN!
I could take you seriously if you would stop your showboating and clean up your language Ms. Warren.
Great job Pocahontas! I am on other side of isle but I love what you did and continue to do! You go girl!
LOCK HIM UP!
Ask your Anti-Wall Street turned Loving Wall Street millionaire Obama. Ya’ll are lying hypocrites.
Senator Pocahontas Soapbox.

And New York is an “At Will Employment” ..state which means they can fire you for anything.  And you cannot sue.
horrors of Vegas and Puerto Rico & BLOTUS golfing & NRA's power making following banking crimes harder to focus on, so thank you Sen Warren!
We appreciate what you're doing - really!!
To listen to his answers rather than talking to the people behind you after you asked him a question, oh because I forgot you don't care
Why do you want an audience to do your job?
Shut Wells Fargo down!
Where is act? Where is our change? Come on!
I am sorry Senator, but I am boycotting Facebook presently.
It's now very fasionable to elect the super-rich and give them even more money and tax breaks
