Grilling CEOs for data breaches is just political grandstanding. What comes from it? Certainly not solutions.
Did I say insider trading? Did I say Wells Fargo? No I did not. I said data breach. A technical problem not necessarily due to negligence.
My side is pragmatism, not emotion. So Equifax markets personal data protection and gets hacked as a Co. and this is criminal? No logic.
Totally agree. My statement was not about insider trades. It was about grilling the CEO for a data breach. Not a problem Congress can solve.
Good. I don't have much but due to their issue I've had complications with my house ins. Still battling!! No answers from equifax! Get 'em!!
While your at it can ask the DNC about their inexcusable data breach. And then continued into Congress. You're an opportunistic slug
The IRS just gave a multimillion $$ security contract to...Equifax:

http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/03/equifax-irs-fraud-protection-contract-243419 …

Clean your own house @SenWarren.
The same IRS that rehired employees found complicit in TEA PARTY SCANDAL ! All under Obama.  IRS is out of control and too powerful!
After Grandstanding questioning, what becomes of Equifax and their CEO?  Billion dollar fines and jail time?
While you're at it, ask somebody WHY IN GODS NAME they think these people are equipped to protect IRS records.
How about questioning WHY the IRS just gave equifax a cushy contract to oversee our tax info??!!
And you can bet that peoples private information was sold to 3rd & 4th party's & I've no doubt #Equifax new about it too.
Thank you for this, I'm a victim of #Equifax here in #NZ, & I worked for them for a month in #Scotland. They destroy families & their credit
Ask about how he will ensure the safeguarding of IRS tax data in light of recent breach-and how much it cost to win that no-bid contract !
How about questioning @AirlinesDotOrg execs about how they’re profiting from destruction of lives around airports.
Keep up the great work on this Senator Warren! The way Equifax is handling this breach is unacceptable!
Nail his ass Elizabeth
Thank you for all you do
Am sure you &Maxine Waters will get Equifax & Wells Fargo squared away,or do phoney left wing mental midgets do that?
Go get'em @SenWarren , we the people! 
#SenWarren
Go get ‘em, Senator Warren!!!
So why did IRS pay them after their big breach???
No, thanks
..like only you can. Excellent work!
Get them Senator!
You are a joke! Another lying liberal lining your pockets! You're not fit to be among decent human beings. I hear Hillary needs friends!
You are a senator.  Pass cybersecurity laws with teeth.  They need to apply to more than Equifax
Do you think you ought to ask Hillary about data breaches?
#Neverthelessshepersisted

Are you as critical of Sessions lying under oath or is that ok with you?
I think Sessions should've been gone a long time ago!
Was it on a private server 
Massive White Helmets Photo Cache Proves Hollywood Gave Oscar to Terrorist Group  https://clarityofsignal.com/2017/02/27/massive-white-helmets-photo-cache-proves-hollywood-gave-oscar-to-terrorist-group/ … New additional images added
If you would spend as much time eliminating robocalling as you do worrying about Equifax we would already be rid of this invasion of privacy
@GinniRometty @IBM partnered w/ Equifax & Ujivan US Data at risk Prosecute  $IBM TOO #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … …
@SenWarren  I wonder why only you are so much after the companies like @Equifax & @WellsFargo . What's in it for you?
Yes please I am one of the hacked! Already cost me money bc they won’t protect us! That trusted Id is not contacting anyone as far as I know
Would listen to Warren Buffett before Elizabeth Warren. At least he is knowledgable on the subject where as Elizabeth has no clue what's on.
Great job!
Should have been worried about the dnc data breach
Set up. Equifax causes breach. Shows need for improvements. Wins contract to do so. Execs pocket nice bonus.
thank you elizabeth warren
Which blazer today?red, blue or green?
You did a great job as always
IRS is trusting Equifax to protect our info. 
Next-Toddlers with machine guns driving the streets protecting our neighborhoods. #FartNoise
Give them heck! Make them accountable for their actions. Thank you for fighting for us #bravewoman
And IRS hires them?
Just curious as to why you never grilled Katherine Archuleta of the S.S. Admin after they were hacked multiple times?
Please get them!!! So many people were but in jeopardy by this breach!!
Go get 'em
Thx for the warning....I’ll skip it
How could Equifax win a $7.25 million contract from IRS to provide taxpayer & personal identity verification services?
Go get him, Senator. And thank you.
How did they get the no bid IRS contract? #STOPEQUIFAX
Are you even qualified to do this? Or are you just going to say he should be fired. How about finding out who committed the breach
Warren calls @SenSchumer a moron
Lest the land fall to whoredom Lev 19:29 Globalist @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats sellouts I cast n Christ spirit of failure to Lucifers Agenda
Guess I missed your great zeal in questioning OPM when mine and millions of others data was breached
The question that s/b asked is why are known liars allowed to stay in the Senate. I know @SenBlumenthal lied about stolen valor and you.
Other than government,  what checks the power of billionaires and large corporations?....Geez! Do they know that if they cut taxes enough..?
So the IRS hands Equifax millions just so they can make more millions off of Americans by forcing them to buy secuirty.
Did you think that the DNC changing their admin password to "password" after being phished was inexcusable? Tell the CEO to blame Russia!
Can you also find out how and why the IRS just hired them???
and your inexcusable behavior as a Senator is embarrassing
How about questioning the IRS for enabling Equifax's poor decisions?
Don't forget to ask them about their new contract with the IRS.....
Thanks, but fat lot of good that will do any of us.

someone needs to address that in order to get "lock" you have to agree to release of claims and mandatory arbitration.





Talk, vote, investigate, And still not a damn thing is getting done about  Anything it's just all bullshit
Exactly! She never said s##t after the SS Admin was hacked!
Thank you warren for continuing to fight for us.
What do corporates have to worry about YOUR questions, you have no control over them as they rip the National Fabric to shreds.


Hardly ever agree with her but, on  this, I do. These companies lord over consumers every day. They should not be allowed to sell our info.
Agree with you, but she never said 1 word after the SS Admin was hacked. Political grandstand!

The quote says he who feels the suffering in every living things heart in consciousness-Bhagavad gita
You should ask why they deserve $7m contract from the IRS.
What are you going to about IRS just awarding a no bid contract to Equifax for data security?  I am sure you will just complain and blame.
Pot meet kettle! Hypocrite!!
Senator, is it possible to eliminate social security numbers? It seems silly that so much personal info is tied to an arbitrary number.
Ma'am Please ask why didn't they encrypt their data after what happened with OPM?
I agree with you on Equifax and Wells Fargo send someone to jail. Then open investigation in Bernie Sanders wife's bank fraud as well!
Can you ask why the @IRS awarded this incompetent company a no-bid contract, @SenWarren? Thanks.
Go deep on him, Senator!
Do your job laziest.
U did a great scorched earth job on Wells Fargo CEO...W/Equifax...they dumped their stock before announcing the breach. Take their illegal $
Ask about those emails and spying Obama did.
I've frozen my credit cuz of Equifax breaching my info. Ask him who's gonna pay to WATCH my info now for breaches!!! I shouldn't have to pay
Nail that MF to the floor.
you should be just as concerned as how they won no-bid contract with the IRS
#insidertrading
Ask him why he's only pissed that someone got to see that information without paying for it like their customers.
@dpakman & @eggman419 get on this, a guy dressed as mr moneybags is mocking him
Lizzy, YOUR IRS is the problem! Why not go after the IRS director for giving a $7 million contract to equifax ? Oh irs is in your pockets!
You might want to ask @IRSnews why they just awarded a contract to Equifax...
Why is not this, and the other two giants, an invasion of privacy? Why is this not hacking into private affairs? What gives them the right?
And yet they get money from an IRS grant? Inexcusable also.
I'd like to know why the IRS is a no bid "7.25 mi" contract:
Lizzy, while you are disgracing yourself, ask about the new IRS multi million dollar contract your government gave Equifax? You HYPOCRITES!
And, can you find out how they were just awarded a big government contract???  Keep up the good fight. Thanks for standing up for USA!
You mean like the DNC breach when help was offered prior to it...was refused!? Why? Something to hide?
All data will be incorrect information, belonging to someone on the other side of the country.
You were awesome @SenWarren & Mr Monopoly was funny too! :)
They shouldn't get the IRS contract
Instead, he & other execs, like WellsF, place unattainable goals on minimum wage processors under threat of termination or reprimand.
They should not get the IRS contract...
so the IRS just hands them 7 million dollar contract for security, anyone see a problem with that?
Make a point: A subdomain of equifax COULD have pointed toward a different set of servers. Didn’t need the new domain name!
Spoiler: he doesn’t know anything, has never processed a credit report, doesn’t really understand day2day operations.
Thank you for not cutting this guy any slack and sticking up for all Americans!  You are fabulous!
Can you stop this contract?
Ask if they are willing to pay any fee people incur for freezing their credit.

Give em hell, Senator!
Give him hell - he should have to give his golden parachute too all whose accounts were hacked at the very least.
Go Get Them!
Have her go after the SS Admin for their hack & lack of transparency too!
Get em’!
They need to be accountable for their unethical actions.
Please ask why their website won't allow the freeze they have created a need for.
You want a medal? Or something?
Ask them why they sold off their stocks before they told us. Isn't that stock fraud?
What about Hillary Clinton’s inexcusable breach of putting classified info on an unclassified server?
What about the Trump kids using private e mails for government e mails
Yeah! Those jack asses.
Make sure you wait till you are in private before you discuss his contributions to your campaign and DNC.
OK to berate a Equifax BUT don't forget the Obama OPM lost millions of unencrypted employee background investigations.
try to find out who in the gov't got the payoff to give them the IRS contract
No one believes your crap anymore! You lie about everything. Claim to be champion of citizens yet you lie constantly for political POWER!
Have her go after the SS Admin for their hack & lack of transparency too! #Hypocrisy
When will you be questioning @DWStweets and other @TheDemocrats about her inexcusable data breach to Pakastani IT guys?
Don't hold back
Ask how they can still be trusted with this large contract for fraud prevention!!!!
Vote No Vote No
Get him girl.
There's no one I would choose over you to grill these types of crooks. Get him! Thank you for working for ALL of the people.
What's up with this? https://www.cbsnews.com/news/equifax-irs-hires-despite-massive-data-breach/ … You people are out of control.
Give'em hell Liz
Question and no action.
clearly the solution is to elect Roy Moore
is the US government run by Facebook now or can one watch this without being spied on by Zuck?
Thank you, Senator for your tireless efforts.
Ask her why she is ok with Airbnb but not ok with uber or Lyft. It's because Airbnb gave her $
Accusations leveled with no supporting evidence...sounds familiar.
Did you just vote "yea" on that $700-B Defense Spending bill?
What about his insider trading?
And why did they just win a government contract??
He gets a $90 million retirement and the company just got a multi million dollar contact from the US government. This is all a bullshit show
Shut them down!!!!
Give em hell Girl!!!
So why did the IRS hire his company?
Why don't u question hillary
About what? Get over it already. She lost. Go on with your life.
Give him hell.
LET THEM HAVE IT
please destroy them
