Now that @realDonaldTrump & @USTreasury Sec Mnuchin have met with the Wall Street lobbyists, they’ve done a complete 180 on Glass-Steagall.
Watch this totally bizarre testimony from @USTreasury Sec Mnuchin where he admits he doesn’t support Glass-Steagall.
If it were my administration, you'd have Mnuchin's job.
Can we clone her and give her multiple jobs?
You've just solved 22nd century politics. Someone freeze her genetics now!
Uhh we need LESS of her...she has no idea what she is doing in government and always has that same dumb look on her face.
As opposed to that empty-brained GOP zombie look as you come to terms with President Snowflake's imminent demise LMAO!
Quit embarrassing yourself. You are a kook.

this does not change hearts or minds.
Forty follower troll with no picture slither back under your rock now
Warren 2020. Please run.
she could be the first ever Native American Indian president
She could be the first white president wbo pretended to be Native American to get votes. History has been made
It's wildly ironic that a nationalist thinks it's an insult to call someone the name of a naive hero from his land.
Nationalist? Naive land? I have no idea what you're trying to say.
Still a vague comment
I'll make this clear I can't stand Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren
I Love how you do the work of the People. Thank you Senator Warren 
lol 
Proud patriot? You are not a patriot you are a child.
Just guessing, but this is probably what @realDonaldTrump thinks #GlassSteagall is about.
Well done!
You misunderstood.  He said he wanted to instate a Glass-Smeagol act in which they get to cling to their Preciousssss (our money).
Resign now! Not even Native American at all! Heard you tried to get tribes to lie for you, ha! Fraud!
And your point?
That is really fighting Wall Street ain't it?
Oh dear what next?
I knew Bob Mnuchin..knucklehead's Dad at Goldman. What a difference.
Clearly the Glass-Steagall act in the Alt-fact world of Trump is not the Glass-Steagall act recognized by everybody else.
It seems that U and Mr Reich are contesting for "Doom& Gloom "championship of the world. In reality
U are encouraging a coup of a President.
I'm 72 & in all my years of being a pol junkie you are, by far, the BEST Senator this country has had.
I'm almost done with your latest great book.
If Trump's lips are moving, he is lying . Did you really expect something different? Surely you realize by now that's how he is.
You cannot trust a single @GOP or Trump or Trump Surrogate at all.  Stop being surprised, assume the very worst!
Funny it was proven time and time again, it is the leftest that can not be trusted as why Trump won the election !!
He also said he'd never settle the Trump U lawsuit,bring back coal jobs, fight the Goldman Sachs influence on Washington DC etc etc
Why don't you get off talking about Donald Trump all the time . Your beginning to sound like a broken record
He just does the opposite of Democrats, no matter how dumb
..."21stcentury Glass-Steagall like" ?! So separate but not really separate,just looks 'like' it...but not?..LOL
Guess #45 nor his supporters know what "Drain the Swamp" means.
Elizabeth you do have some followers but most think you are a complete hypocrite. Will be difficult to undo the damage you did to yourself
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration
Give him a break. He didn't get around to talking with Lavrov about it.
Critics are a dime a dozen even cheaper when running for office.
He, nor any Republican would do something that limits the wealthy from plundering resources from the rest of us. Only care about the rich.
Are we sure he didn't confuse that with Steven Seagal?
He benefits off the backs of others, which for his opponents, we expect & fight it. But his supporters just keep letting him take & take.
Not surprised.  Txs for your support with CSPF and KOPPA.
fat chance!! The rotten sob!
Banks need to remember who bailed them out after the market crash. That's why we need #GlassSteagall
Trump is nothing but a liar. His followers show themselves to be idiots of the 99% and they know nothing.
He has no position.Dunning-Krueger President
@SenWarren Keep On Fighting the Good Fight! Thank you for your service to this country!
Yep, trump is proving to be the best President ever!!!! He thanks you for the support!!!
Not often that I agree with Pocohantes.
I hope he is not lying about this as several other times.
Sen.Warren thx you for making sure these injustices are kept in check.  You are an example for all Americans we must stand up for our rights
Another example of trump's swamp trying to line their own pockets.  Not many paying full attention to this matter if not for EW, thx EW!
Pocahontas waste more Tax Payer time and money tweeting, than doing The People's actual Work.
If reinstated, how will you finance your sidecar REO repositioning business?
It's a buyer's market. America isn't buying what Democrats are selling.  Not just national, state and local also
How's the weather on the reservation this morning....???
Only if it's to his financial advantage.
Hmm and that is why he is only being paid $1.00 p/yr salary as president, hey?  Only 3rd president in history of nation to do so
I don't think he knows what it is .
He never really meant it like a lot of other things that he said. Anything to get a vote came out of DJT"s mouth.
Go Away
Maybe take a look at Europe: Emmanuel Macron of France. Good luck to the USA. I love Americans and feel really sorry for you guys right now.
That was another lie! Next!
What a crock!!
The Democrats repealed the bill. Wow. You're a tried and true waste of human existence
He thinks Glass-Steagall is a law firm, not a law
On policy, Trump is the victim of his last conversation, and he now only talks with investment bankers on Wall St regulation. #trumpbudget
Yeah just like he claimed he was going to make America great again...just one of thousands of lies spewed from his putrid face. @Twitter
They are surely Doublespeakers.... Thanking You!
He's a liar
I'm seriously worried about what's gonna happen to education. Is all that true that they're gonna cut $10B in costs for Community college?
Hey Elizabeth no one cares. Have a good one!
dumpster is the most corrupt President we've had since Nixon, actually he is even worse.
Well Lizzy, it was your  friend  bill Clinton who got Glass Steagall repealed so your friends at the big banks could be investment banks!
Depending on how I feel when I make my 4am tweet while taking a dump. #MAGA
Then Co-sign a bill, and let's get this shit done
U horable person! There R broken families in NY & all U care about is Ur crappy Politics! Your a HORROR! We'll pray 4 U!!!
You're just as bad as @HillaryClinton how could you endorse the one who took money from LGBT killing countries?
Thanks for keeping your eye on the ball..  We all still need to be in "damage control" mode toward this adm's agenda
The american public did, so as why clintin didn't make it and trump did
What he really supports is Trump, in third person
Yeah, and he claims that he "won" the election, not just the electoral college vote, and that he isn't Putin's BFF.
Don't believe a word he says, @SenWarren
@realDonaldTrump can u explain why you have done anything about the Turkey ambassador body guards? Kick them out!!
He is not there to implement your agenda! Nothing he has done is a positive to the Jackass Party...Go bray somewhere else!
Wow ur a bad person
And I'm talking about u warren
Ur just not a good person
Fake news and bs
I hope Trump is playing the fuck out of you... Will be glorious..
Oh, he was lying. Just like he does about everything.
I pay $43/m in fees to the IRS for not paying the $1200 in full, i can afford $50, i would have balance to $600 not for high fees, fix that
Like you believe him he never tells the truth
Wake up you old dope, the Dems are using you and the GOP is lying to you. Should of backed @SenSanders when it mattered...
U sounded like a pig getting ready for slaughter, hysterical set back feminism 100 years
Maybe we can get a savings account again. Nothing but "money market accounts at banks now.  Let's see him do it.
Speak to middle America you bafooooon.. what is GALSS-STEAGALL? Oh nevermind POCAHONTAS.  WTF
I totally agree Glass-Steagall should stay in place @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan
He also claimed he was for the little guy.  Donald as we know has a problem with being truthful.
Hows that? Proven the leftest (dems & fake news). Lie to the nations people, as too why trump won the election.
That's only because he didn't know what it was
that is pretty stupid and corrupted - which was pushed by his buddy Goldman imho
you were embarrassed on tv today Senator.
Didn't hear anything other than a person who has no idea what they are talking about.
Go home Pocahontas
at least he is not a liar
Corrupt politicians in power don't like to give up their power or their greed.
Because he's the BIGGEST CROOK the WORLD has ever known!
The reason we voted for Trump is because we are tired of you're BS
You should tweet more about what you are doing for the country instead destroying it?
and you believed him? Hey there. i got some swampland in Florida you might interested in...
do you have running water in you tee pee ???
Please get Glass-Steagall back.
I'm a democrat from Massachusetts, Elizabeth you lost my vote.
Yea like all politicians do in the end. Like the ole saying "Don't throw stones when you live in a glass house".
or a tee pee

& you believed him?
Another lie of the moment for 45
@Headerop1 @realDonaldTrump trump is whatever putin says
. Thats what I assume, and haven't been proved wrong yet.
How many really know this?
It's in the GOP party platform.
He claims a lot of things and none are true!
Where's  your proof? Oh thats right, you just assume the dems and fake news are telling the truth, like their poles did about the election.
You didn't notice a difference between Clinton & Sanders on important issues. You are a con-artist who pretends she cares.
And your people liked separating people from their scalps...lol.  What's your point Pocahontas?
normally that would be important but I'm pretty sure treason takes precedence
In their defense, they're incompetent.
Thank you for standing up to them
Pretty sure he lied.
Sorry, pretty sure is NOT good enough
....and you believed him.  LOL!
I'm already tired of his presidency! I can't believe our country voted for him! Investigate and impeach!
He claims a lot of things, doesn't he?
Lizzy! Don't worry. Conservatives like me agree Glass Steagall repeal was a mistake. Bill Clinton should never have signed the law.
BTW, you put out these absurd Tweets and NEVER respond to ANYTHING. You're as bad as it gets.
LIZZY @JudgeJeanine You Once Again Tweet Crap How Many Times Have You Tweeted Crap Lies And Never A Mea Culpa Trump Should Sue You For Libel
Put in place by Clinton
As a prof. guardian, I believe I would have enough evidence to have him declared incapacitated. He is, by definition, a vulnerable adult.
But, Trump is a natural born liar.
I hope Dems realize that if Trump nominated you as his killer you would claim that he messed up. And it is not because you wouldn't kill him
I read a lot of what u say. and now it is sounding like the teacher on charlie brown
What about his tax returns. Did everyone forget about that?
He most likely has NO idea what Glass-Steagall really accomplished. Trump's ignorance is often staggering.#Bigly
Trump doesn't know what Glass-Steagall is any more than he knows what Dunning-Kruger is.

#resist
Who cuts your hair?
Warren your sick like Pelosi
He lies get use to it it's the new normal....
Serious question. Why do we want to reduce the permitted activities of commercial banks?
What on earth is that ? I go take a peep at that , Lizzie , Thank You Senator, at least this is a fresh topic , not stale !
SENATOR WARREN IF HE IS NOT FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA TELL HIM TO RESIGN!
MY INCARNATIONSIAM∞
#TrUMpISm#PUTINism
#VANPOLI
#BIGDATA★#IT★#AI★#DL★#WEF#FOREX
#Ω#ML#TECH
#BOTS
#FINTECH#IOt
Who lied to get into college #termlimits#draintheswamp
SENATOR WARREN EVERYONE CAN CHANGE FOR THE BETTER!
 Natural Born hypocrite @realDonaldTrump
Wow, you mean he lied? No way!
Liars
Another lie by the Great Liar; at least Mnuchin doesn't have ties to big banks & the crisis we went through. Oops, he does
BIGLY TOO!
SENATOR WARREN IN THE BEGINNING I WARNED THEM ABOUT PRESIDENT BUSH! IF HE IS FOR THE PEOPLE TELL HIM TO PASS POLICIES THAT ARE FOR THEIR BEN
But won't his pals on Wall Street object? I hope he does reinstate Glass-Steagall, but I'm not banking on it. Pardon the pun.
Is there wifi in your teepee ?
Im sure DJT doesn't even know what glass-steagall is or why it's important.  ppl give him way too much credit!
Sen Warren is a idiot
Remind me again of the details on your real estate investments during the housing crisis.  Rather than believe fake news reported against u
