City Hall is green tonight.  Boston stands with the environment.  We must protect our future. #ParisAccord 
MKline
Wasting electricity is not green.
How much energy is being wasted lighting up the building?  What about the environment, do you not care?
Screw Paris agreement radical for United States ,Trump /America first when texting state that supported itthose states will rise against Gov
@marty_walsh Really?  Then turn the effing lights off.
Waste of energy. Turn off the lights and save carbon emissions
Giving 100 billion a year that goes into the UN A21 slush fund will help how? Maybe poster campaigns in foreign countries on how to recycle?
You should be locked in a room and forced to listen to all your rants and raves! Grow up
Wow. This is beautiful.
So Boston can do it without Paris, go figure.
No comment regarding to London's massacre? It's OK though, You will hear from us next November.
I thought when Democrats made a building green, it was to highlight the billions of dollars they waste, while their voters suffer! Chicago!
Way to go Trump, got rid of that horrible Paris Accord.
Wow turning on a green light is slightly more effective at combating climate change than the Paris accord.
Nice
can you imagine how much carbon footprint all those lights cause and all the private jets liberals use is that being two faced or hypocrites
Oh POOP, did U see what happened in London today,now that is something 2 get exited about. All u want is 2 make Ma. a sanctuary state,POOP 
CNN IS ISIS
I'm not sure burning electricity is the best way to show support..?
ridiculous
@marty_walsh Way to go Elizabeth keep standing for something and fall for nobody @SenWarren @Marty-walks @SenSanders  @JohnKerry.
Warren once again wrong on every issue. Warren does nothing for America first. #defeatWarren elect @RepGeoffDiehl @DiehlForSenate
Symbolic BS
Looks great Boston. I hope many other cities join you.
@marty_walsh 
All the energy being wasted to make a statement sure is helping to reduce the carbon footprint......morons.
As your neighbour to the north, I would love to see all the US cities light up green!

The inside of my tummy is green now 2...thx
Its how Boston, MA rolls. #Greenwithoutwashington #firstbeforetherest #Pacesetter
These politicians don't give a damn. People lost their jobs and either work 2 jobs or one where they're making half the wages they use to.
Warren sits in a nice, big mansion while Americans lost their jobs and ended up settling for a new job at half the wages they earned prior.
Citizens aren't just gonna stand by and watch more jobs disappear. We lost way too many jobs and I know too many people who lost jobs.
Let their taxpayers send their tax $$$ to a bunch of elites/politicians and as a payoff to accept Muslim refugees.
Elizabeth wants to send a TRILLION US $$$ to UNFCCC for Wall St. and Multi-National Corporations to pilfer. MA world's best; solve at home.
Women, we in the US need u as leader of the Dem Party & liberal movement. Please reconsider running 4 president.
As was Paris-congrats to rational-thinking people
Yaaaaay Boston .... to 'Stand with the environment' City Hall burns up a bunch of electricity that didn't need to be consumed.
So does NYC!
Lol
My birth state-so proud-Yay!
Thank you Marty Walsh for standing up against our crazy President! Proud to live in Massachusetts!
Fake woman
I've always suspected that.
Screw Climate Change hoax.  You folks are so wrong about how the Earth works.
Climate change is a very complex issue for Trump; he just doesn’t understand it.
Such a bad deal for the US ..Barack could have gone better ...Trump as usual will get a better deal
Let's give away trillions of dollars yay!!!
Let's not make China or India lower their output yay!!!
Let's also definetly not make other countries pay anything close to a reasonable percentage of the costs yay!!!
Wast of tax payers money. How much did the green lights cost?
If you use corn cobs, you can also save trees.
Climate change is real news
hey Ms Warren..don't those extra green lights use up a lot of energy?  You are such a phony

Yes Boston strong
Way to go Pocahontas
Boston stands with you and your willing to lose jobs  As Trump said YOU SUPPORT PARIS NOT PITTSBURGH. HYPOCRITE!
So glad to see everyone standing up. Again #waytogoBoston
How do you people live in such fantasy?     Do facts not matter?   You want to believ in global warming so bad you won't listen to anything
And Jerry Brown is in China to fight for the climate... glad to be from CA we stand strong

Yes! And Syracuse, a community struggling economically but does the right thing, fiercely! Thank you @SenWarren  for your leadership
Why don't you go have a PowWow and complain to your fellow fake Native Americans??
Keep burning  Thank you President Trump for pulling out of that Paris agreement.  Make America Great again
Ooooh, colored lights. Impressive! That will surely change Trump's mind. Good Job Boston! #Pocahontis #wierdAl
Blah blah bkah
Putin is sending a message to Trump... like The Godfather you send a message by harming a close family member..Jared, Putin is the leaker.
How much coal was burned for these symbolic lights? 
Building actually looks pretty in green
Thank you Senator Warren for supporting the Paris Accord.
Nothing says save the environment like illuminating huge buildings all over the world
Waste of taxpayer money - the lights and Chief Throwing Bull!!!
Boston strong, not stupid.
@Marty_walsh are you hitting the bottle again?study the Paris Accord and stop grandstanding
Should be orange for National Gun Violence Awareness day #WearOrange
Woo hoo! And so does my hometown, Austin, Tx! #cities4climate
Please keep up the great work- you are our salvation in this crisis attacking our country!
Much love, Boston!!! 
Looks like close encounters of the third kind
That's the celtics woman
Another Walsh re-election stunt!#duhh
If you want too help the environment then don't use extra energy
to*
Thank you Boston. Somebody has to stand up for America. Thank you Eliz Warren for protecting America from the new regime .
Robert.  Reality Check.  Lizzie is not doing anything for you.  She's only self promoting laying groundwork for an attempt at POTUS
Get over ur self Warren ! Happy we're out of Paris accord yay
Hopefully MA will join CA, WA, NY in their state efforts.
No you don't.  If you hook up with Brown you're going to get screwed.  Just a warning from a CA resident
To bad they don't help are veterans at the va but none of me business
So good to know that there are many sane people.
Why? Trump just saved $100B rather than pay other countries pay our debts
@marty_walsh  Brilliant!  Thank you. please continue leading.

How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 

What POTUS Knows And What The #FakeNews Media Won't Report...
#TRUMP #SupremeCourt #HillaryMemoirTitles #ParisAgreement #USINDODailyNews 
You do understand that all the cities and mayors , and governors that are against the Paris accords being dropped, just prove that >>>
What are you doing to aid MA of late? Besides grab PR? As a former Dem & your constituent, I often wonder...
How do you feel about medicare for all?
Maybe Boston should then foot the bill for the accord also?
Beautiful we need to all protect our environment! If everyone picked up a piece of trash a day it could make a difference!
that agreement does nothing with India and China for 20 years (that's half the world population and the worst polluters)
That a pair Walsh and pocohantas
There are a lot more cities that are also with Boston!
Mexico,  Paris and a lot more.
Well done city of my birth ...WICKED well done .
but Gov. Baker says nothing
Yea! Go Boston! Show Trump how useless the Paris Agreement was by following it! Prove to him that we didn't need it in the first place! Yay!
Love Boston, and totally not surprised by the symbolism.
Awesome!! Thank you Boston!
hahahahahaha, your "religion" has been proven to be a sham and a power grab. Goodbye Climate change, hello common sense. #TRUMP
GREAT WAY TO SHOW THIS ADMINISTRATION HOW AMERICA REALLY FEELS. CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL GO GREEN. GOP WILL LOSE  SHIP IS SINKING
Way to go! My home state did the right thing! Proud to be from mass.!
Way to increase energy consumption to virtue signal Boston!
@marty_walsh Thank you, Mayor Walsh.
Well Trump got 1 thing right...he will unite a divided America but just not the way he thought!
wow. what a waste of energy.
Then we need to impeach trump
I love my home state
You're so dramatic, that deal would have raised costs in the states and increased spending
Thank you @marty_walsh
Way to have zero impact.
What's the carbon footprint of those lights from creation to virtue-signaling use?
Way to go Elizabeth Warren... love your Watchdog on DeVos...
As a Pittsburgher# we stand with yinz guys.#Boston one of the greatest cities! #I wear my Boston strong shirt with PRIDE DemocracySpring
So paying poor countries $3BILLION annually to reduce emissions in a pact where NO ONE is held accountable is smart fiscal sense? #outin2018
That's proof that U don't
need the Paris Agreement
to help the environment!
Have U hade that DNA test
finished yet?
That's Priority One!!!!!
Love u @SenWarren
Yes Pocahontas, WE MUST get out of it, so we don't give money to our closest nemisis---China
Green is also traditionally associated with money, finances, banking, ambition, greed, jealousy, and wall street. Charlie's MTA rolls on.
Waste your money not mine
What did the Paris Accord do to help the US?  Other than place restrictions that hat were not equally distributed across all countries
That'll do it ..Now we can relax!
Boston Strong!!
America is still conscientious about the environment. We're just not throwing $$billions to countries that are not.
Very much epitomizes the Green Party religion: trying to make a tragically hideous edifice by putting lipstick on it.
Trump protected your future. You are not capable of understanding it.
Does the green light mean there are illegals living at city hall?
Russia has won, through trump we've been played and are no longer a World Leader.  Little hope D's can save us in 2018. :( #russiagate #Gop
When you heard about this, did you shed a single sad tear?  I hear this is how native Americans deal with environmental issues
Boston always led our protests!
What would help would be all the extra tax revenue from sales on legal marijuana. You know how the people spoke and said #yesonquestionfour
Ya, coming from the gangsta mayor.
#MAGA
Great way to protect the plant: wish I had though of that!
My sources tell me that I am a idiot! Reminded me the green  color is coming from electric lights! Sorry I am opting out of this agreement!
Open treason!!!!
This administration is a joke
In support of a non-binding, non ratified, self-policing "agreement" that allows the 2 major polluters, India & China to do zero till 2030.
Now get Gov. Baker on board.
Green lights Are for all the money we're going to save just like the money you saved on college claiming you were Native American
Irrelevant Pocahontas
Please go away pochahontas
She's not going away, neither am I, we are going to fight Trump every day in every way.  Untill the # Impeachment and the#TrialforTreason
U liberals are hilarious there will be no impeachment but keep wishing if it makes u feel better
I'm not a liberal.
I don't care
Neither does the Orange Hitler. I will push the plunger for his #ExecutionbyLetgalInjection
U r insane go live in Iraq
Burning fossil fuels to endorse an accord full of empty promises!
how much energy was wasted last night on green lights well a good thing is a lot of the energy came from coal generation
how many solar panels did Boston use to light that up???
So beautiful. Actually brought tears to my eyes. #green #Parisclimateaccord
Really? Lighting a building green saves the ? What ELSE is Boston doing?
And therefore you and Boston stands against American jobs, American economy, the futures of American children. @realDonaldTrump
Boston get your heads out of your ass's! Get with the program and reduce energy cost! No plan for low cost effective cleaner energy!
So does Pittsburgh Senator Warren! Born and raised by dem parents! Dad served in WWII, first to graduate college in the USA! 
To protect the future you must first protect the taxpayer. The PA screws the TP while making people like you richer and richer.
F**K the French we don't need to pay them for something we can do our self now we need to send the money for the un to our military
