For profit - you missed out that part 
This was never about anything but profit for the @GOP
The healthcare should all be repealed. The lowlives in Georgia can got to work and buy their own insurance.
Is it possible to have the "old" senate back? Is it possible to extend a hand across the aisle and work together. That's what we need.
What Affordable Care Act???Obamacare isn't Affordable Premiums and Deductibles are way too high.
@SenWarren the ACA an Orwellian piece of legislation the Democrats passed. Mark my words, the dnc will blame the rnc for its failure.
Watching you lose to a real Indian is gonna be great to see. I can't wait to hear your lies and slander in 2018
Shut up Pocahontas.
@SenSchumer said Ocare needed to be fixed. Where's your suggestions for fixing it. Or do you just run your mouth & do nothing ?
Yup
This is not #SkinnyRepeal. The Health Care Freedom Act is full blown class war. 
From what I can tell! What does that mean.

ObamaCare has gutted itself.  Well, now we are stuck with your stupid ObamaCare which will end up hurting the people you are trying to help.
I do not trust you at all!!!!
OKAY TRUMP JUST TELL THE AMERICANS THAT WILL VOTE FOR THESE DEMOCRATS WHEN TIME TO BE REELECTED AND I WOULD LOVE TO GO NOSE TO NOSE

Oh, I didn't realize senators are allowed to call it the Affordable Care Act. I guess "Obamacare" is strictly used for the racist overtones.
What's your point?
He can't argue a point so let's call everyone racist.
Senator Warren, anyone rational knows that this aims to spike healthcare costs for the sake of private medical quarterly/shareholder growth.
Warren is fake just like socializing healthcare. Why should taxpayers pay for someone's insurance?
tell the truth.  ACA, ACHA is reform of RRA 1986...tax bill
ACA isn't affordable!!!!!!!!!
Cheaper for no coverage. $1k monthly prem, $8k deduct, it is cheaper to pay cash to doctors, labs, etc. Nothing like this till ACA.
Which important parts, the part where working class families lost their health insurance?
Obviously can't tell that much then 
SENATOR I KNEW THEY WOULD NOT ACCEPT SOMETHING IMPERFECT !AFTER RECESS ;WORK TOGETHER ON A BILL ;AND DEBATE IT! DON'T BE IN A RUSH!
It is not affordable.
What about medicade people we don't count do you have a dasughter with austium?
Rest assured, the middle class can foot the bill for a liitle longer, until they all go broke!
Thank you for your hard work and passion!!!
It needs gitting
Let us know when you people start talking about actual healthcare and not insurance companies
Like the part that says men have OB coverage?! You're a joke.
So, Senator, what does need to be fixed for affordable healthcare?  What's your solution?
They're calling it skinny to appeal to white women.
@SenWarren the dems did the same thing 7 years ago. Now y'all are watching Obamacare fail and do nothing. Thanks from the American people
That you approved of with Obama @SenWarren. This speaks volumes about the dems. Y'all knew it would fail then. and voted for it.
WHY DON'T U JUST WAIT & SEE WHAT IT IS BEFORE U COME ON TWITTER LIKE GRAHAM & OPEN U'RE BIG MOUTH'S! SHUT UP FOR RIGHT NOW POCHAHONTAS!
Looks like it lets large employers off the hook for providing health insurance!
Warren men have Brian cancer too who knows
Not so smart, are you. We understand, you're a politician so prob low IQ.
Sharing the sham of a process will help vote out the senators who no longer REPRESENT the people.
#GOP = Gutting of people
Like Planned Parenthood. 
Can we sue on the grounds of unlawful acts & reckless disregard for decency
Whatever you say Chief No Feathers
What exactly is "gutted"?
that would be the best thing that has ever happened to Obama's miserable care act.
How can this be happening?
You go girl
Yep
Like the part forcing families to pay $14,000 a year in premiums.  Oh the horror!
That'll make anyone "skinny"....gutting I mean. There are better ways to get skinny.
It needs to go completely
Important?? You're truly MENTAL!
Why does this seem to surprise you? That's pretty much the platform that has driven Republican wins in House/Senate/WH for last 7 years.
2 cents for that comment. It is the most sence you've made since you've been in office.
Chief No Feathers makes zero sense
They are the Shady Bunch! Plotting under the cover of darkness!
Please, Please, Please don't pass republicans
The parts that were designed to keep a lid on premium costs.
Fight and vote no!
are the important parts the heavy fines working people who can't afford Obamacare ? Seems fair to your voters in that situation
Can you tell me what happened to my $2500/year premium reduction I was promised when the ACA passed. My premiums have only gone up.
Senator, after they pass this murderous bill, and the GOP gets voted out in 2018 and 2020, will you please bring the ACA back?  Thank you!
Disgusting.
And stopping Medicaid reimbursements to healthcare providers with revenue of over $1 million if they provide abortions.
"We dwindle your health, so our pockets can fill...or, what we refer to as #skinnyrepeal"
Jeez... I misread this, Senator Liz.  thought you wrote:  "gutting impotent parts...."
I'm completely with you on that interpretation of the "skinny repeal" Sen. Warren. It's a total sham that will affect millions of citizens.
v nice
#VoteHerOut
No big deal then go ahead and vote to repeal.
At the end of the day, Choice have consequences
A letter from American Medical Association about the skinny bill.
Really SICK PEOPLE have this nasty habit of getting REALLY SKINNY as their HEALTH wastes away. If this Shameful succeeds--GOP OWNS IT
at midnight.
That's bad business for the representatives in the pocket of the industry, it means less campaign financing every time their term comes up.
What Republicans are doing is political malpractice. They are NOT acting in the interests of their constituents if they push this through.
Yes that was their goal and plan.
The @GOP is the American version of the Taliban
Not limited to the rabid right. Dems equally self-serving. We won't have a govt that meets our needs until the corruption's gone.
By important parts do you mean the ones your party instilled in it to create a one payer system ?
The Dems need to get tough you're to nice & politically correct. Dems get on the same page! "Death panels fr the GOP McConnell & Paul Ryan"
Please do something for this dangerous bill not to pass.
Liar
Also you usually get skinny while wasting away from untreated disease
The problem with healthcare for all is that when you pay claims, you lose profit each quarter. And so do the shareholders. It's clear.
The chaos & self-destruction in progress w/this vote is depressing and surreal. Thanks for standing up for what's right, @SenWarren
"Skinny" because you'll be forced to choose between nourishment or paying medical bills.
I have to go cry.
KEEP FIGHTING!! I'M HERE WITH YOU!!!
Go smoke em peace pipe #Pocahontas
mostly means people don't understand what "insurance" means or how it works.
It means taking healthcare from 16 MILLION people. It means 20% INCREASES IN PREMIUMS. It means voting for a bill they know is a disaster.
GOP letting Trump carry on about how he and the Republicans had a great plan when they had none. He never checked. They never said a word.
Yes, it is.

This scheme decimates our nation's ability to prevent outbreaks and respond to emergencies 
The A/C/A saves lives FACT.
There are no important parts of the ACA. It's unconstitutional and a front to our freedom of choice. If ACA is so good why are you exempt?
Actually the SCOTUS found that it wasn't.
And SCOTUS was wrong. Read the 16a. Taxes can only be levied based on income not a flat tax.
I'm glad to see you think you know more than the Supreme Court of the United States lmao.
You'll note that the court still has the same RW curve it did then.
You're sounding way too calm in your tweets. Need some passion to put down this horror show of a bill. Please. Make. Noise. #killthisbill
Are they trying? Or are they doing it? They have the votes, don't they? Not enough people are willing to say no?
GOP sucks!!
Freedom from all consumer protections!! Everyone wins. 
This whole farce is heart breaking.  How are so many republicans willing to throw away democracy and decency ?
"Gutting" seems very appropriate for what they're doing.

 To #GOP : #VoteNO #SkinnyRepeal
... OR ELSE   #MidTermElections2018 

 #FixACA

…
You need to do better than that. We've heard all the gutting; we need to hear names called out.
Those that vote YES sh have to have the same ins they're forcing down our throats!
Nothing skinny about it. Cowardly is more like it.

"Affordable"
Please work on persuading some of your more reasonable colleagues to vote no!
Don't you have one Republican friend!??
Are there enough NO. Votes to stop this abomination?! My NC reps are ZERO help!
.. so the rich can get richer.  Nice  :/
That's all they care about. Like "defunding" Planned Parenthood

Welcome to the death panels ...
From what I can tell, you never criticized Obama passing a law requiring enrollments or him lying about keeping insurance and doctors
The @gop about to vote to increase premiums AND reduce coverage.
Can ya stall em til morning? At least put more eyes on it?
Actually, I just looked and it didn't do enough - R is another wing of the D party
Sad.... I hope it doesn't pass. Congratulations on leading the fight against it!


I will always remember that you stood up for the American people tonight
So only the parts we like.  Got it.  Give 'em Hell, Ms. Warren!
Yup because the important stuff is the stuff that ACA was based around. Designed to fail
If you don't feel like you can stop them, how am I supposed to feel?
So, the GOP is making it skinny but hacking off vitals parts w/ a machete.
Do you have a sense of how many GOP senators will vote no?
The individual mandate is important? Your seat needs to be repealed
How is this forced method even legal?
Where's ur teepee?

But you could be wrong since the bastards wouldn't let you ask questions
How can any of them pretend this is giving Americans "great* healthcare?!
Medivaid?
Medicaid?
Has the vote begun?
Genocide, essentially
genocide? you people have lost your minds, no wonder America finally had to take its country back.
The frustrated @GOP can't seem to murder healthcare outright. They're reduced to holding it down while they take turns kicking it.

Art.
#MedicareForAll
