Are you high? NO INSPECTIONS...intimidated inspectors. Worse yet, the $150B, $1.7B in cash delivered in middle of night funded terrorism!
Please educate yourself
2 material breaches: qty heavy water, qty centrifuges - self-reporting, not inspections and all mil sites a no-go zone. Worst "deal" ever!!!
Warren is an idiot.
Can't wait to vote you out of power here in Massachusetts seems like your fellow #nastywoman @AshleyJudd didn't do a thing to help women!
The rest of America hopes you guys do too!#whatwereyallthinking?
Working on it!
Lots of people just blindly vote democrat just bc they always have
I used to vote Democrat....but then I worked for two of them! Two of the most corrupt and dishonest human beings on the planet.
I'm unenrolled, but lean towards Republican.  I can say the same thing about Repubs. Don't think it is the party, but the person.
Power corrupts. Can't do much on the private side, but publicly, I've always felt term limits might help.
Exactly right....except the supreme court ALL political positions should have term limits!
You only want your commie world in place...
Prove it
thru shouldn't have Nukes they are radical at best duet
Stop this nonsense, Liztard! You have no clue what Iran is all about.  #freeiran #trump2020
By sending us soil samples that came from God only knows where! Fake-a-Hontas are you on drugs?
Your headdress must be too tight! Or are you just in competition with @HillaryClinton to have the most ignorant quote this month???
Listen Lie-A-Watha, from lying about being Native American to lying about the Iran deal, you never stop. Wouldn't know honesty if it hit you
Never trust Dems on National defense. Very naive.
And they are paid accomplice to evil! Have no doubt democrats & iran regime are the same.
You should know that #IranNuclearDeal was unconstitutional and quite nefarious considering our former president sent pallets of cash there
Ya sound crazy are you a bot? So now they will build bombs and we won't know how many shad up l
Warren = Stupid. Elections must. E rigged for clueless folks like you to get elected!
Elizabeth Warren is a joke.Wake up Massachusetts & see what's ruining our country & ur State.She's against everything we Americans are for
Unreal how 45 is ruining any semblence of keeping peace
Do you have undisputed facts to back up your statement Senator? Or is this something you hope your constituents will buy blindly?
Come on Pocahontas, how can you say they since the inspectors are not even allowed to inspect their military bases over their.
Yes what a wonderful deal it is...not.Are you out of your frigging mind?
Youre giving Trump too much credit! Please stop talking about  what 
 He is doing ... Democratic supporters are kinda pissed at you too
Actually no!
Do ywpu actually believe your own lies, Pocahontas? Oh, wait..
What do you think Iran did with the billions Obama gave them?
Bullshit. You can dance Around the fire chanting that forever, doesn't make it so.
No it isn't. You do know Iran officials were in North Korea recently.
I dislike you so much it hurts
Please take your meds. You're embarrassing yourself
What r you smoking! What inspections? There has no been a single one.  Why are you lying to the public?  How do you know they have no nukes!
Until today that is. Mr moron has opened his big mouth connected to his mush of a brain and it's not looking good.
What inspections. There hasn't been one cause they won't let us
There are no Independent inspections. They secretly built 4 new reactors . ( Against the agreement). Wake up.
How can we do that if we can't inspect ALL of their facilities?
Your spreading lies. That deal was the best thing that ever happened to the Iranians. Inspections can’t be done without 4 week notice!
Heavy water limitations met?
The agency responsible for inspections can't confirm any of that, so what the hell are you talking about?
How do you know. No inspections from UN. Just their own soil samples. No inspections of many sites allowed. Kill Americans country slogan
YOU sell SWAMPLAND TOO,Pocahontas......?
Bullshit

No it’s not.   That’s a lie, and you know it.  Iran is working its way to a nuclear weapon.  We have done NOTHING to stop them, only to slow
I'm sure you know it all as it relates to this issue! NOT!
Doesn't do much about ICBMs though, does it? Iran is getting the other parts ready for there nukes (built soon) to be deliverable.
You cant possibly be that unintelligent are you? Run in 2020 so we can get a good laugh like clinton got please pocahontas
A more comprehensive deal is imperative.   women. Iranian support for anti American and Israeli terrorists continue. #Hezbollah #Taliban
Sure.  Trust a country that funds global terrorism.
Then take your Pocohontas hat off and work to do something about it at your job, you know, as a @#$@#$ Senator. Stop being a fruitcake SJW
you have personally inspected their sites?
(So far) is the 800lb. Elephant in the room , Pocahontas!!!
I wish you were in Iran
On what facts can you say that. If you spend more time understanding what Iran real goals are you who stop with the stupid comments.
Why is Trump still in the White House?
Well you seem legit.  Are you still native American or have you decided to be Asian this week?  Close your account.  You #Crazy
How would you know. You have not been to Iran to inspect any facilities. Here’s an idea, you lead congressional team to Iran for inspection
This is why Liberals are not running the country anymore. 

Thank you @POTUS for making our safety your first priority.
BS
Key phrase "so far".  You need to have a one on one with @ACTBrigitte NOW
how much money has Harvey Weinstein given to you Elizabeth
Why don't you push for a treaty then Liz?
Trump is a jewsh puppet..
Your not that ignorant so that makes you a damn liar! They have denied inspectors all together!  Go back to your 
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health Safety & 1st Amd
#ACAsabotage #PR #IranDeal #PenceStunt #NBCLicence
#25amendmentnow
Ever read it?
You want another North Korea? After 6 years want to play the blaming game when you can not do nothing. Typical liberal DemocRATS.
You are so screwed up. Ask your boss Hilary how she screwed this up with your brother Kerry
see what happens Pinocchio when you don't do your job don't worry you'll be at voted out soon
Guarantees them a nickel in 15 years. Allows them to enrich now. Enriched uranium is not used in power production. It’s used in bombs, idiot
Only problem with the deal. I assume they are giving the money to Russia and Russia is giving Nukes to North Korea. Use the 25th save us all
SENATOR WARREN EVIL OR DUMB IRAN WILL FIND A WAY WHERE THERE IS A WILL EVIL FINDS A WAY. I WILL NEVER TRUST IRAN.
 If you say so!
@csieman2 Trump Israel & Saudis hate Obama & Iran the three musketeers now readying for 3rd world war
it's because he's the antichrist
Now that Trump has decertified and ruined our reputation as an honorable partner will you take any steps to remove this danger from office?
Either you are horrifically dumb or you’re a Islamic sympathizer!
What's the matter you don't want the responsibility. Can't make a decision. The president did
It just passes it on the Congress.
Fake news!
Not anymore Trump killed the deal
Really!!! Only one reason to enrich Uranium and it has nothing to do with electricity dotard!!!
Please help the Kurds to confront the Shiite and Iranian masses in the Kurdistan region
Are you 3.125% sure it’s working to keep Iran away from a nuke?
How do you know that?
Right....
Lmao. You make the best jokes, Liz.
You’re as Clueless as you really look… aren’t you?

#PoliticallyIncorrectTruth
Are you deranged? They have not let us do inspections
In your dreams lady!!!
Go home and bake a bread for your husband!!!
Trump is Mr Bluster. Doesn't understand the power of diplomacy. Stop him please.
More lies no strict inspections and Iran likes the deal you ninny
And pigs can fly
we don't negotiate with terrorists! keep up the good work Liz 
The Iran deal is doing nothing you clown I mean Indian
No tough inspections at military sites where iran is pursuing nuke weapons! More pocahontas BS!
What's one more lie on the pile
You're so wrong it's laughable. If anyone needs to leave government, it's you!!
 just like n Korea
The #JonesAct is keeping Puerto Rico from been able to pay the debt they incurred because of the #JonesAct. So far, it's working for Wall St
The authors, David Albright and staff, of the Iran Accord disagree and strongly urge terroist designation of Revolutionary Guards & Iran Air
You are so dishonest.
Sit down Pocahontas
Uhh ok Lizzy. Whatever u say.
Just how many other countries think it is a bad deal?
Only a naive & ideological senator, like you,  would believe in the Iranians and not in our president.
Your president not our president bolivar quinto!
Who knows if it's working or nothttps://armscontrolcenter.org/the-real-facts-on-the-iran-nuclear-negotiations/
Then why is CNN MSNBC NBC CBS ABC all in lockstep together are defending the Iran deal? >1.7 Billion in CASH? What was that for? Shady 
What about the sunset  conditions. Your a fool.
No that's not facts, many area's we can NOT inspect.  Iran already broke the amount they can have for nukes...weren't you listening
Actually pocohantes you are betraying America in endorsing the Iran deal.
No pocohantes. The Iran deal is the worst deal.
And you know this how? A deal with NK was suppose to keep them away from them too. How'd that work out? Terrorist lie..a lot.
Ha!
Oh come on! I hate Drumpf more than most, but let’s not act like Iran is being transparent & honest. The #Irandeal postpones the inevitable.
Sitting sqaw are you hitting the piece pipe early today !
..."was" working.  But apparently that doesn't matter as much as "other" motives.
Wrong again Mrs Warren. We can’t even inspect the sites were these would be made. You just want to take Iran’s word?  Wrong for America
With trump in the White House I don't know if the US should have nuclear weapons either!
Every day I wake up I give thanks to the lord that Hillary Clinton is not the President of the United States....
Yea. Just like North Korea?   I don't think so. When will you wake up and admit your wrong?  You'd do anything to go against the president
Hate to break it to you but there are signs of them having nukes 20 years ago
Haha....liberals talking to each other...shh...lets listen to the disaster
Lady, just how ignorant are you?
How do you know that?
Lead with strength oh, wait I forgot you're a Democrat you have no strength. Put your tail back the tween your legs.
... and I'm a Cherokee.
Can you confirm that the #IAEA has inspected the military sites still working on the #Iran nuclear program? Didn't think so. #BrainlessInDC
No it’s not EW.
I think the it's time for you lawmakers get off your ass and do what you should have done before Obama put us is this situation
Oh yes? And what might that be?
We are trying to repeat the North Korea success story...free food and humanitarian aid leaves more money for bomb development...lol
But, butt, butt, can we keep the deranged orange nazi away from nukes?
That’s complete horse . They weren’t supposed to be proliferating any weapons grade plutonium and they are. The treaty is a failure.
WHAT ARE YOU SMOKING?
Sure Lizzie, you bet..
As usual Trump's deal makes sense.
And Trump gonna save us bahahahahah 
Trump wants his nuclear arsenal in tip top condition for a reason. 25th NOW
Senator...Do YOUR job our President has his Job! Get to work!
YOU ARE A PROPONENT OF GIVING BILLIONS to the WORLDS LARGEST SPONSOR OF TERROR, your a TRAITOR TO AMERICA YOU FOOL!
Sure, but won’t allow full inspections?
What can we do? When those we have voted to best represent us, are incapable of removing this mentally unstable madman from office!
Obama's gone...so cheer up
u r wrong. AMERICANS MUST VERIFY ALL SUSPECTED NUKE SITES, or iran will cheat. renegotiate iran deal, or scrap it, try all peaceful means to verify, or OBLITERATE NUKE SITES N MILITARY--iran nuke problem solved.
Why do you continue to lie about everything that comes out of your mouth?
When will you quit lying. People say everything is good so far after they fall off the top of a building until they hit the ground
We'll so far you haven't been blown up by a nuke... so I guess she's telling the truth?
Iran needs to prove they can refrain from making a "Nuke" without a bribe.
You don't think they have them already ?? Think again
The ignorance from this is almost scary
You're delusional 
Yeah but it has OBAMA's name on it which makes it poisin for out MORON PRESIDENT.
U know how silly you sound #GoofyBeth
Like the cargo plane of cash Obummer sent them. Grow up lame brain
Trump is a dictator and uninformed crazy.
Go back to school & look up 'Dictator'! Than check out Dem. Dem, Socialist & Trump, giving power back to people.
How many inspections have occurred? Tough limits only work if made to be accountable. Iran isn't following the through on the agreements.
it's almost like republicans are proud of being crazy racists
Haha...the day just isn t complete without being called a racist at least once an hour by a liberal
Just like NK, huh?
Btw professor most Americans disagreed with the #Irandeal to begin with
Elizabeth Warren of @TheDemocrats purports that psychopaths who shout "Death to America" are too virtuous to flout agreement.
Really Beth!!!! Such a liar
Ok #LIEAWATHA keep thinking that. Ignorance is bliss
“So far???” Thanks Liz but you’re nuts! 
@realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Is that the concensus in DEMOCRATIC LOONEY TOON land that its working??
Stay healthy
No it isn't
...They get a month’s notice before inspection
What about additional sanctions to Russia that have not been imposed?  Deadline October 1.
You call excluding inspections of military bases tough?  Step aside Liz, MA deserves more competent leadership. You’re literally siding with Putin and Kim Jong Un.
How tough are the inspections if military bases are excluded?
Stop talking  (all of you) and take action. @25thamendment
Oh. Do you go there and check on them regularly? Are you part Iranian also?
This country has a giant toddler as it's leader & you are actually Inciting violence with Iran,I don't feel any safer now!
For the greater good of all people on the Planet we must Impeach Trump.
Do something about it!
#IDIOTINCHIEF
So what's up with Skippy? Needed attention on TV? Everyone knows Allstate ok with nukes and Iran, but he knows better-just ask him!
There are no inspections
https://www.kidrockforsenate.com 
Oh the hypocrisy. Where are the celebrities?? Where is @AshleyJudd??  Oh that’s right...still TRYING to take out Trump.
Yeah right. .nobody's been in there to inspect shit..who you kidding?
Senator Warren, if you managed to keep #ACA safe in senate, you could do the same on #Irandeal. And by the way, please run for 2020.
Except for military sites Pocahontas
That's what Bill Clinton & DEMS said about North Korea "deal".  How naive are you?
Iran will say anything to fool you democrats and liberals, especially when cashing out the $2billion check Obama gave them
Aloha, I have listened to your illogical remarks, and found no wisdom. What I have observed, read and heard, suggest pulling out is best.
If u ran for pres this wouldnt be happening. Youre to blame
That's an outright lie Senator, American inspectors are prohibited entirely, and IAEA inspectors are not allowed to inspect military sites.
Tell that to our president
self inspection? that's not really a thing Liz.
And where is the proof of this since they are refusing to allow inspections. Please provide proof they are keeping their end of this deal
All of the other countries with an educated leader know this. GOP knows this. But 1st and only thing 1st, middle class Estate & AMT tax cuts
