Those that thank God everyday that Donald Trump had their back!
On the warpath
Did you senators remember to pack your boots for your little field trip? Nice suits, tho...
AMEN! Will you Join our efforts!! Senator Warren? We solucit your support!
Our press corps should start interviewing the leader of the free world@G20.  Merkel would probably love it!  = DumpTrump

Thank you for going to see the great women and men who proudly serve America during these difficult times back home. We support you all.
#tellMeAboutIt#3tours#loveYourTroops
When a politician visits a war zone, do you really
think they see what's going on.  Or do you think they see what the military wants them to
Lizzie! Get back to work! The troops don't need the distraction of a lifer government employee visiting them.  Please logout!
You could give a damn..go back to the Cambridge Ma reservation 
No more immigration until our vets are taken care of!
You're a joke.
Like you really care for the men and women on the ground! Fake supporter!

WATCH: Funniest you'll see today... CNN forcing an apology out of the Reddit Gif Maker. #CNNBlackmail 
h/t @theblaze
Wow Warren 8-1/2 years later u want to pull ur fake head out ! Well betta late than neva ! Stay there 4eva thanks I've done a great service
thank you @SenWarren ... we NEED ur leadership both at home & abroad!
I hated it when politicians used me and my Marines as props.
EXACTLY RIGHT....then when they are done using you as props, they shit all over the military.. especially pocahontas..
You have to pay them to get your picture taken with.them
another traitor.
U SHOULD BE INVESTED IN SOMETHING THAT INCLUDES U...LOL!
You haven't seen shit through your filtered tour of the region. All I've seen is photo ops and our warriors being used as props.
How about bring our troops home & start using the military to protect America from foreign countries (hint hint ) who seek to destroy us!
Hint hint North K is no threat to us.  But it sure works as a great distraction, kind of like Iraq over 15 yrs ago.
Absolutely correct.
Good to see some Senators who care what's going on in our Nation's longest war.
I agree.

HOW little the military thinks of your seditious ANTI-American propaganda... especially having been ordered to be there
Too bad 45 felt it was more important for him to go golfing than to visit the troops and personally thank them for their service.
Do you really think those soldiers want to be there with you?
Did you enjoy your taxpayer paid vacation?

Good to see a bi-partisan visit.... hoping you, @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC can work together to address the issues at top of U.S.
No women on the ground?
Careful standing next to John McCain he was a traitor once he may sell you out to the enemy
Except getting free college funding-right Sen Warren???
@jaketapper Were you under sniper fire like Hillary?
Brave soldiers posing with a bunch of shitbirds.
And taking pictures makes the biggest impact. What would we do without you?
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
Thats right great things are happening ,Now if we could get the @HouseDemocrats to work it would be even greater
There U go using the military as a propaganda tool. You give me such heartburn when you speak. Step down Liz, we deserve it !
They then come home and are treated worse than illegals! VA is a joke they should get the best treatment & resources
Stop the war and using the soldiers as pawns in your games.
All BS she's trying to save herself before she's politically destroyed in next years elections. Hey Pocahontas did you take that DNA test
why are we in Afghanistan? What US interests are we 'protecting"?
Trump apparently believes that golf can.
And just think, you and your cronies created all of that chaos and destruction with American lives and trillions of our tax dollars.
Perhaps you should walk your represented inner city streets and look at the carnage your lefty ideals have imbrued.
did they forget to bring you back? dang.
It's a nice change seeing To see the Russian Trump circus
It's good they went.
So Lizzy does that mean you enjoyed your taxpayer paid boondoggle with johnny boy!!
You don't deserve to breathe the same air as those men.
yeah except you can't be President sorry -
Thank you. Proud your my Senator.
Bring them home now to protect us from 45 and RUSSIA.  Watch tonight's Rachel Maddow show.  Commander in chief dereliction of duty.
Stop acting like you care, you don't!
MAGA Trump2020
When are the people getting the same healthcare as you Senator?
If you think you're going to run for something forget it. Nobody's going to vote for you
Pocahontas. .... the liar
McCain happen to introduce you to his ISIS buddies?
can not believe that anty self respecting military person would pose for a picture with a fraud like pocahantis.
Why humans take so long to change? Why do we still have borders? Why do we spend more resources on weapons than in health?
I bet they didn't know that they were speaking with a known liar.
@jaketapper Indians are some of the best scouts
you may not know it but you're all treated like mushrooms,you have no idea what's really going on
I was one of those men not too long ago. And we despised you traitors. #CNNBlackmail #CNNisISIS
You have no business rooting around in Afghanistan when you can't even take care of your business here in US. Ur a loose cannon.
Not surprised to see you hob mobbing with fellow frauds McCain and Graham. More change coming for all of you.
I love that this was bipartisan I just wish you could work like this more often
They usually take cover when the #LunaticLeft shows up. You're #dangerous to our security! #democratsarenuts
Oh really.... I call bullshit
I am sure you are the same slimy opportunistic communist ready to pimp their blood. You are a fraud
Stay safe!
Why don't you just go and not tell anyone. Sounds like you want to score political points you war hawk you. Crawl back in your cave.
Since when, have your Warren ever been in touch with the people?
How much did they have to pay the soldiers to stand in for the picture?
Suck
You wouldn't know the first thing on what the military goes through ona daily based. #Pocahontas
What are you doing talking shit about our President?If you are I Karma visit you/our service men/women love their Country dont destroy that
Wrote Preparing for Terrorist Attacks in 2003. http://www.thegreenpapers.com/Vox/?20030218-0 .   Medicaid, Medicare, CDC, Nat. Guard part Frontline bioterrorism.
2000 - Biological and Chemical Terrorism: Strategic Plan for Preparedness and Response http://www.CDC.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/rr4904a1.htm …
Spanish Flu killed millions.   A lot of soldiers died from.  Influenza Pandemic 1918 https://virus.stanford.edu/uda/ 
Treatment soldiers + Veterans, national security, health insurance, jobs, Social Security, treatment drugs https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Marine Corps Association - Beirut 1983:  Have We Learned This Lesson?  http://www.mca-marines.org/gazette/beirut-1983-have-we-learned-lesson …
Thank You! And please share w/us what's going on over there & if/when/how we can bring our troops home & move on from this nightmare war!
U can tell a lot about a person by the company they keep-the father of ISIS. If you were going 2 look 4 trouble Y not here? #DNCFraudLawsuit
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @FoxNews Warren go get a check up with Obamacare. Or better yet switch your Cadillac plan to Obamacare.
I wonder how much straight talk she gets? How much smoke and PowerPoint?
VA healthcare got better under Bill Clinton and Kenneth Kizer.  Got worse under Bush.  2014 - Kizer improving VA
Looks like FAUXcahontas is preparing a presidential run. Go for it! You’d be easy pickings for Trump in a debate.
Hope Congress will care more about homeless vets.  Tom Brokaw discussed homeless Vietnam Vets more than 20 years ago.
Hope Congress will care more about domestic violence, suicides - soldiers and veterans.
God Bless the troops and they are soooo damn hot! #SexyMilitary
Keep up the good work.
Vacation on taxpayers is what it is you sleaze ball
Hypocrite Pocahontas
Will you going to #Gaza or the #West Bank to witness #occupation first hand that is subsidized by US taxpayers?
One more reason why I'm pleased that you are serving as one of our senators. Thank you for your hard work!
There has to be transparency, a free press and above all honesty. #Resist #trumpTyranny #MniWinconi Boycott all products with trump brand.
No one trust you.  Liberals like you are very disrespectful to our Military. you prefer illegal and refugees over OUR GREAT MILITARY.
How much of my hard earned tax money did this campaign trip cost?
You voted NO to audit the fed. SHAME ON YOU! Pretender...you're fake. Where did $9 trillion go? Who got it? Go put your vagina hat on!
This pic is all USA. Did you also see and speak to Afghan soldiers & politicians? Their capabilities (or lack thereof) are pretty relevant.
As long as taxpayer money is paying for the trip
Lol!  They think ur a joke and want u outta there!
Stop selling weapons to Saudi Arabia
We believe everything #fakeindian Warren and #FakeNews Trapper say
That's right avoid the successes of the day.  We ain't buying ur shiny object bs
Please stay there
Not gonna get you votes Lizbeth. Too little too late.
Oh my God you liberal snowflake, get out of here ! What a photo from the biggest politically correct snowflake clown on earth
Meanwhile Trump & GOP just hand country over to Putin. So WTF are we sending our troops off for????
Why don't you try that in middle America
While you visited the troops, the fraud, fake president was golfing.

Elizabeth please save US
So you're Apache, I take it? #CNNBlackmail #CNNisISIS
Come to Detroit

Can’t stand this woman. Just can’t. #liar
Please don't return to the USA.
Yeah, Chief Warren.
Good stuff.  Don't forget to talk to the people "on the ground" back here - first responders, teachers, healthcare workers, etc
Communication director needs to choose better pictures. That's a plane and those crews are not the ones "on the ground"
Did you have to dodge sniper fire when you arrived like Hillary had to? You brave women.
Highly recommended: "No End in Sight" is an award winning documentary by Charles Ferguson ("Inside Job")
Suggest trip to Palestine on invitation of Palestinians not Israel
God bless & protect them!
Thank you for connecting to the boots on the ground & working w/ the GOP. I hope all y'all incorporate it into your policy making. Cheers!
Thanks to you Senators for going!!  Leadership!
Bring them home.
16 years is long enough Senator. Let's wrap this up.
And you've concluded  it's time to bring our people home, hopefully?
Keeop dreaming Pocahontas, you won't win re-election next year and you sure as hell won't win the Democratic nomination in 2020.
SENATOR WARREN YOU   ARE A WOMAN !WHO TAKES HER JOB SERIOUSLY!
Thank you for everything you do Senator Warren!
Are you thanking her for trying to ruin the country
Military is happy there is president that cares about them
So why did you back @HillaryClinton and her warmongering campaign, instead of standing up for actual #Progressive values, and #peace?
Warren hates the military as much as the next DemocRat.

She must have drawn the short straw for this junket.
That's a funny looking kitchen, sweetie.
Ur lack of dignity seems based in evil. How can any1 just shut dn the knowledge of being exposed as a fraud. Profiting off native Americans
What about giving ur child to the military after 19 years of everything under the sun to protect them
Thank you @SenWarren @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain - you make all Americans proud!
Take the DNA test!!
I am also a combat medic. I fought in war zones against hateful regimes, and now I fight at home against another, the GOP.
#RestoreDemocracy
Take the test. @23andMe
True but also would've been good to listen to those who lived there and to experts on the region before we ever went in. Do we have a plan?
 we have an opportunity to affect the war on drugs in Afghanistan, but since 2001, nothing is being done about it? Why not Sessions?
Sessions??  What about the last 8 freaking yrs??
Anything happening in Afghanistan that hasn't been happening for the last 15 years? and is there any compelling reason we are still there?
You could have looked around here but are too busy ignoring us. #DNCFraudLawsuit #AwanBrothers #HillarysHackers #WhichWarren #LockThemAllUp
Man this is some senatorial virtue signaling
Wish u would stop the establishment politics and push more progressive values
 Americans hoping you are addressing Afghanistan's growing 90% of the opium/poppies to produce heroin! Nothing has been done about it?
Oh how I needed to see smart, brave Americans doing the job of protecting democracy and USA.
It really made no sense at all to let trump speak to Putin in the 1st place. He's the guy Russia helped get elected. Wtf is wrong w/ the gov
Did you show the troops your totem pole carving skills?
Hanging out with the Fifth Column @SenMcCain and @sengraham2016 is not going to help you in anything Lizzie. 
Learn to put #AmericaFirst !
If you were speaking to the grunts-not the officers I would place more credence in your statement--just another junket unless grunts a focus
Like u give a shit.
you understand they loathe you,right?
Only real traitor is senator John McCain! Warren is just a lying cheat!
Maybe you can ask @SenJohnMccain and @SenLindseyGrahamSC if they Found their BALLS there 2 Stop @realDonaldTrump 2 Investigate th #TRAITOR
WOW. True colour of Elizabeth Warren as She Joins J McCain, Graham the  friends of most Terrorists like OBL, Al Qaeda, Al Nusra, ISIL 1 &2
Again, please explain why you need to go to Afghanistan?  I don't understand how this helps your constituents in Massachusetts.
God Bless our troops. And thanks to Warren McCain Graham and Whitehouse for taking the time to listen to what Our Troops need!!!!
Since when did you care about our armed service men and woman/
Meanwhile back at the ranch ..... Russian spies are mapping our infrastructure ....
Idiot
The douchebag is pictured 2nd from the left.
Would've looked more accurate if you'd shared pics of the men & women to whom you spoke on ground.
Pls tell thst to PA Sen. Pat Toomey.  He goes to great lenghts to avoid his constituents and we can't reach him. Wish we had you as ours!
We waiting to be invaded?
How much more are we going ro take from Trump? White House has been compromised!
Sure Pocahontas, we would believe whatever you say......Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
You spoke to the local population?
Lunatic!!!
