Dear Senator Warren, what goes around comes around!
Exactly what #Gorsuch will do! We need a Constitutional Amdt establishing that $ is not Speech and Corporations are not People!
What secret legislatures
I swear this is the Twilight Zone.
Never in my wildest dreams would I have guessed we'd have a tyrant for president.
Help us #ImpeachTrump
A Tyrant? You MUST learn some history and learn about different forms of government and characteristics of men & women who run them.
YOU SHOULD NOT THROW STONES AND LOOK AT YOUR OWN PARTY AS TO WHAT MANY HAVE ILLEGALLY.
Keep up the good fight we need more people like you in Congress
Says the woman living in a beautiful home, making tons of money, from OUR pockets..  I think we need to look more closely at your funds.
Fat cat GOP pols fly in luxury while kids are threatened & Puerto Rican's struggle. Fund CHIP! @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP #SavePuertoRico #CHIP
Man, your comment is just so unbalanced. You think only Republicans are wealthy, that no Democrats fly in luxury? U need a reality check!
Powerful interests always invest huge sums to protect their interests & their billions. It's called a 'Trump' card.
And you are holding the "Ridiculously Biased" and "Borderline Nuts" cards. Look thru present & history, wealth is not Party based.
Height of naivety.
You go, Girl!  You belong in the Senate!  GOD BLESS IN THE NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST, AMEN AND AMEN.
Sounds like the DNC is in charge. Oh, wait we voted you crooks out. Gonna print up more money to hand out, Pocahontas?
.Won't happen, but Citizens United must be reversed to keep this republic a democracy.
So long as unions are also banned from taking members' dues $ and, without membership consent, giving hundreds of millions of $ to Leftists.
We need your voice of reason. The Mercers and  Kochs think this is their country, not the whole of the American people
What do you think of George Soros? Spends hundeds of millions on hard-core left-wing politics.
Sounds like obama
Please continue fighting against them.  Thank-you for your service!
Color me surprised ;-) Same as it ever was. How can we turn that?
Just cuz you are on my twitter. Where was the GOP outcry when KellyAnne wore the flag as a dress? This Vet was disgusted. Kneeling OK!!!!
You are a rich lady who lies stop pretending to care about common people. You're as bad or worse than the GOP
Says the Shephard to the sheep
If you weren't so undercutting to your party maybe you would have had a Democrat President I think God you don't though   Trump 4 more years
Besides inside trading and shoddy under the water dealings how all dems are members of the 1%
S’what happens when you lose. Hoping you run next time.
Or put another way conservative judges who won't do the democrats bidding
And we fix this How @SenWarren ?
WADR, B4 Appointed, Legislate ALL APPOINTED JUDGES SHOW 10 YEARS OF TAX RETURNS! & ALL Of U.S. Get 2 SEE THEM!
The earlier the better.
yep, and there called dumascrats.
What can you do about it Senator?
Like the powerful Dem senator who attempted to cover up 9 million in fraudulent Medicare claims for biggest contributor?
Funny how MSM is not covering this right?
#gopassholes
like the powerful interests that invested millions to kill the public option and make sure we had no price controls in the ACA? #singlepayer
Of course they did.Our current administration and in majority congress has been bought.In return they got the power they were obsessed with
What evidence do you have to back up this claim? Are there no wealthy folks in minirity in Congress?
Didn't President Obama select judges who reflected his liberal beliefs? That's what Presidents do, choose ppl who think like them
No one is supposed to have any belief but liberal views. Didn't u notice ?
#Janus threatens the middle class
Stop giving away all the Dems secrets Pocahontas
This woman has nothing to offer the US. Simply a bleed-hearting liberal rabble rouser
No shit.  And the Dems in the Senate let them get away with it
You mean different than the liberal judges are doing and have been doing for years . It's unbelievable what is going on and you know it
Democracy In Chains!
We call them the electorate. Elections have consequences
#NeverDJTHRC The Clintons, a luxury jet and their $100 million donor from Canada [Clinton Foundation Board Member]
Of course they did so um what are you and the Dems doing about it?
Just read your book! You are awesome
#StolenSeatGorsuch @HouseDemocrats @SenateDemocrats any plans to get this guy out because he does not belong on the SCOTUS
No one listens to your BS ! Just get off Twitter!
And your net worth is. ???
What does that have to do with anything? She has been fighting against the big money and tried to get laws passed to protect us 99%.
We have to face it - the middle class doesn't mean shit to politicians. And the rich run this country and they don't give a shit either.
#controlaltdelete this administration
Democracy subverted by the wealthy.
Isn't that just awesome. Love capitalism. It's a strength of our country. You've benefited quite a bit.
.@SenWarren Nothing new, nothing unusual. And, BTW, with #RacketeerMan .@realDonaldTrump as .@potus they don't need to invest do anything.
Why the disparity senator?  3.5 million senator 3.5 mi Americans suffering and in dire need of essentials
Tell us more.
Right, because you liberals never did that. Afraid of judges who follow the rule of law aren't you
I am amazed you can get up and go to work every day. It must be exhausting.
Thanks for watching out for us little guys Senator Warren 
Senator Warren, how can we help our fellow Americans who are out of food and water in Puerto Rico?? We need leaders like you to stand up!!
The more of your whining & crying I hear, the happier & more proud I am for voting Trump! #MAGA #POTUS #realDonaldTrump
Lying Indian Chief
Clearly Gorsuch has no integrity flaunts his bias
#Nullify2016
Not just about Gorsuch, a North Dakota (legal abyss of corruption) judge just got confirmed to 8th circuit.
I'm sorry.  I've never personally attacked anyone on twitter but @SenatorEWarren, you are RIDICULOUS!!
Such as in #fanniegate where the judges punt all the lawsuits to allow Gov to steal from shareholders without just compensation. You did 0.
Clues fake bullshit lying roach traitor Elizabeth....socialist....Warren
So? Tilting the system towards success is bad how?
This from the party that only appoints judges willing to ignore the constitution.
What do we do?
This was trumps intentions all along I couldn't stand Trump years before he ran for president
Do you, Senator Warren, think the INVESTOR class HAS hit upon & implemented a plan to make the people and vote of majority underclass MUTE?
vote no. shut it down.
It started in 2008 and just ended!
Maybe you should have been more supportive of the Democratic candidate for President last year instead of stirring the pot...??
Exactly why #CitizensUnited MUST be overturned & #SuperPACs unveiled & limited. Why #TermLimits are so important to implement, too.
So she said after emerging from sweat lodge
What can you do about it??? Thats the question. It has to STOP!!!
That's why trump put in gorsuch, he knew he would not stand up for anyone who is not wealthy.
Speaking of which, any clawback possible on Equifax CEO? Thank you for all you do!
Yes, that's how ALL of YOU in office do business #HYPOCRICY #NotNews #NothingNew
Certainly the tax plan will only help the rich. Stand against it!
Yes, yes they did!
Run for President, please.
Just as much as those who opposed them???
Balance sheets recovered, capital flowing smoothly, so instead of real individual income scaling up a net zero tax plan for the middle inc.?
You're not wrong, in the sense that it will be worse, but a big part of that horse is pretty clear of the barn.
Safe space and puppy petting rooms have been filled nov 8 snow flake
You guys suck sad sacks butt sore bc Hillary lost thank GOD for that finely a president Trump that tells the truth about what's wrong
Finally not judges who think they're fckng legislators
Yes, Liz. We know. We are the citizens this will devastate while gov fat cats say, "Oh well!"
Also seems to be a religious bent to the nominations trying to steer us toward a theocracy.
FAKE NEWS.  Get over it.  Neil G. is one of the fairest most honest judges in years!!
Yes, they did.
and right-wing white Supremacist Christians.
#blahblahblah #politicalembarasmentfrommassachusetts and a @robreiner #meathead. keep yipping little chihuahua... the crickets are listening
You do the same thing you're nothing but a full-fledged liar nothing but a liar
BS
What can we do now???
That's outrageous! We should be packing the courts with Native American judges! Or at least people that checked that box!!!
The real swamp
Makes me ill.  But how do we get big $$ out of politics.  Where to start?
That leads to three Coca Cola branches of govt, huh? Democracy is dying of zillion cuts in America, it may seem. #FBR
Money unlike anything lethal never freely radiates out, real people wake up and vote for your rights to access world's resources
Ms Warren you will have to give some factual data for anyone to believe you.  Where is it?
And there seems no way to stop the purchasing of power and outright bribery
How do we stop this?


We should remind ourselves next time some pundit or pol starts preaching abt #USforeignpolicy being about the promotion of #democracy. Not!
You better call the Clintons then they are the masters of crimina activity
Where is your help for P. R. Sen. Warreen?
Puerto Rico needs your help!
When will you accept that USA is an Legalistic Tyranny? why did you not support Bernie as VP candidate? late to start picking up the pieces
@Kathymatthews53 you ARE A LIAR & ONLY INTERESTED IN YOUR  AGENDA.  YOU  CAN FOOL SIME OF  THE  PEOPLE.....
As a member of the Senate you have a direct impact on that that's part of the reason why the people elected you to protect against that
That is excellence, it is better than tilting the court to Liberal Progressives and their anti-constitutional interpretation of the law.
Why are you so against people who are rich and major Corporations? You are one of the very richest persons who benefit from Capitalist USA.
Time to stop them!

Would you stop with the crazy comments and work at solving real problems and stop with spreading hate and diversity.
If you want a targeted response from the public, we'll need NAMES.
KOCH.  KOCH.  KOCH.  MERCER.
See this is what happens when you court purity. They really start believing both sides are the same. Focus Senator
Term limits!  It's not right a president can stack the deck, and we all must suffer for the rest of that lifetime.
Not to mention #whitemaleprivilege
It's extremely important for us to wake up, as a past precinct captain I know how importance .
On both sides Elizabeth on both sides
Have you noticed the Menendez corruption trial?
With the federal judiciary corrupted by the oligarchs and kleptocrats, there will be no going back. Democracy will be long gone.
Warren is worried she wont get her tax cut. Typical self serving politician.
Nothing New Progressives have been doing that for more than Forty Years. that’s Why our Courts are so screwed up
Pocahontas. No different than when a Dem is POTUS. Just part of the game. U she know about games
That's why SCOTUS nomination of Gorsuch is a constitutional crisis.
Alternative for wealthy to fund
Agreed! 
You all made this bed.
Which will turn country to resemble 3rd world countries where there is only rich and poor. Since Trumps been in WH, has spiralled downward
Yes, the corrupt Government does this every time....it does not matter who is in control of WA D.C. Dem or Rep.
That is how we got J. Gorsuch who believes in applying the law but make us wonder about his bias against the 99%
We've known this for a long time.  Democrats are just as guilty of letting this happen as Republicans.
Wrong. All Americans will benefit.
Money flows both ways in the form of the legal bribery called private money campaign financing. Eliminating this should be TOP PRIORITY!
POWER has always been a strong narcotic, but seems America is taking it to a new low.
Entire US justice system -laws, enforcement, courts- must be reinvented, not reformed; it's FUBAR.
I am sure you are boycotting these Powerful Interest Groups!  Unless you are at a Democrat Donor Retreat: COLLECTING MONEY! @foxandfriends
Indeed. Now, what solutions do you propose? This is a prevalent problem in various political offices.
Who are these powerful interests? Name names or quit your fear mongering.
Campaign finance reform NOW. I ran on that way back in 2004. No progress, except for the wealthy... ENOUGH!
Keep spouting your crap Lizzie!
You are so full of crap. You are the 1% Lizzy! Been wealthy your whole life. In the 1%. Let's talk about that.
Powerful interest can only do this because Politicans take there money!Why not start with ethics review of congress!
And that happened decades ago without a peep from both GOP & Dems who played/are playing along.
Water's wet, skies blue.
Or tilt in favor of Americanism and freedom. I like my view better.
We liberals elect judges who will write new laws that we like
So its only okay when the dems and their Donors tilt it? #DrainTheSwamp
If you really want him out then impeach his influence to fire Football players.They are a private entity.
Nutty lady, you funny, ha ha!
Always generalizing.Doesn't work anymore. So who are all the nameless and faceless people u speak of and use as whipping tools on the masses
Interesting. I believe @HillaryClinton outspent @realDonaldTrump almost 2 to 1 in the 2016 election and you didn't complain.
But this has been America's narrative since the beginning. What else is new.. Moot point
Oh yes they have. Been doing it for decades
PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO THIS...

Including Trump who just keeps putting Judges with his best interest in position for life ... scary!!
9th circus court one of the most politically corrupt courts in the nation will cost us our nation. Talk about tilted. Overrides the voters.
@KatyTur
You Michelle and Hillary are sinking your party.
What planet are you from? Zero sources and  zero substantiate claims.
Who told you that? The Democrat McCain?
and maybe those those investors are ponzi schemers too.
Like the 9th circuit is now?
It's working like a charm unfortunately.
Unlike the unfathomable rulings of the outer space 9th? Angling to legislate from the bench, as always
And all thanks to citizens united ruling.
And this is a surprise because.....?"Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely" John!!!I sent you a note!
Senator,we Rn't paying u& Dems2 Fight! We want u 2work with GOP& POTUS 2serve us the US citizens not illigals. If U disagree, Resign.Thx
Which would infringe on the political influence of public sector unions and we won’t stand for that!! #AZSen
