Thanks for your commitment to vote against deVos. Please also vote against Pruitt and encourage your colleagues as well
@RespectPBJTime @usedgov Thanks. But I'd appreciate it if you voted no on Devos simply as an FU to the Trump Regime. Seriously.
Well, I don't think we have to choose between the two, and I'd take either motivation.
Agreed. I am just frustrated at the number overall yes votes coming from the Democrats.
Thanks Sen Warren!  #StopDeVos
thank you.Please tell @SenToomey to check what his voters are asking.He's voting his party over morals and our kids education.
Yes that romance is a complete idiot.
Thank you very much!!  Stay strong Senator Warren!! You have my respect!
thank you!
@rogueUSedgov @usedgov Thank you, but *none* of his horrible picks should be confirmed.
@chris_stuba @usedgov Warren you are just a nut case.
she has your back even if you don't believe it.
please please please convince your colleagues not to rubber stamp her confirmation. There is too much at stake.
Thank you for standing up to a fool
@rogueUSedgov @usedgov I hope Democrats vote against every one of his nominees from this point on.
u hounded Betsy DeVos for her support of school choice, a policy you defended in 2003 in your book The Two Income Trap.
Where's all the GOPs? Hiding behind their desks? A bunch of chickens afraid of Lunatic Trump? Sad sad sad
Thank you. @rogueUSedgov @usedgov
You mean it's not in the interest of Teachers' Union.  Devos confirmed.  Let's drain the swamp.   #Nastywomenlose
Thank you for voting against DeVos!
Your vote doesn't matter 
My Senator:
Please do more than vote
LEAD your party and defeat this-Otherwise just another Dem fail, and more lost hope
another fail = more lost hope
i vote that you be fired
Thank you!
Thank you for opposing DeVos!
Why don't you vote against lying and stupidity? Then America would be free at last with you gone
@TrumpGrill @usedgov this women's appointment would not be in best interest if Americas DEAD people!
@educatorsresist @usedgov Thank you, Senator. For  this and everything.
#Flip3GOP
Thank you. You are one of the best.
you're still on thin ice for 2018 after the Carson vote
baker's gonna stake her seat
that seems... worse
oh yeah, it's gonna be awful. but she's already slipping in polls and is now making concessions to fascists soooo
so what... mahty runs for gov?
if we still get to vote then
You will be voted out in 2018 because you only care about illegals and refugees living off of citizens like yourself!
Hopefully you are voted out of your position soon and lose your wealth so you can go live with the illegals & refugees.
Why no @SenateGOP recusals? $927,600 frm #DeVos fam #Shameful  @opensecretsdc @StopBigMoney #boughtbydevos ??? #dowhatsright
@ProfCAnderson @usedgov What about Jeff Sessions???
Thank you! Please don't stop fighting for us. We need senators like you that are brave. The rest won't get reelected.
@JackieC1989 @usedgov
He has shown he does not deserved a chance anymore. No more political calculation and act on what is right. Block all nominees!!!
thank you!!
Thank you Senator Warren, for standing up for our children's education
thank you.
YOU ARE NOT IN THE BEST INTEREST OF AMERICANS AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@robertgreenwald @usedgov great
Thank you! I appreciate and admire you for all that you do!
Bravo!
really? and just why wouldn't you want to let families decide which school is best for their children? Put kids first!!!
but you voted to confirm Carson?
Thank you, truly. #DeVos is a terrifying choice.
thank you
Common core is not in the best interest of children school choice is. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Trump45
Thank you!  It's the right thing to do!  She does not care about education, and as her hearings proved, knows nothing.
..but voting to confirm Ben Carson is okay. Isn't it? #sellout
why? Our public education schools are failing 30% of students do you have better plan?
Thank you!
thank you!
meaningless vote pandering to the teachers union
of course Ben Carson didn't but she didn't want to appear racist.
Shocker! Lol
Thank you Sen Warren! ~parent of 2 students in great public school, 1 w/ services under IDEA
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for the rights and education of all of us in education!
thank you!!
Good start. all D Sens vote no on all nominees. You can't play fair with Repugs! Soon history will judge you all. #beright
Why can't liberals get it in their heads. YOU LOST
@ChipBuckwell @usedgov Can you really trust anything said by someone who lied about being native American for 30 years?
I know #DeVos would not be good for public ed in the US.  The manufactured crisis about Ed. Is all about $ going to 4 profit/private
People who send their kids to private school should get a tax break. They're taxed to support schools the rest of the years.
and those schools should be held accountable using the same assessments that are given other taxpayers children by mandate part 1
As long as students can meet the same EOY test requirements I see no difference.
Thank you,
thank you
can we get rid of her-recall impeachment, vote her out make her resign: eshe,s lied about her finances- criminal charge?
you know Nothing; take your 1.3M$ credit and go live in Afghanistan, or another country-u don't deserve American citizen
#NoCollaboration #NoCooperation #StandWithJohnLewis #illegitimatetrump #StolenElection #Putinspuppet must go
u mean not in best interest of teachers unkind right? I thought that's what u meant.
Hey Pokahantis how r u ?
THANK YOU!
That's ok.. don't need your vote! You are the biggest Hypocrite ever!
you should vote against all of them
Wrong. Gov is not the solution it is the problem- Reagan
when you put a hold on a Trump appointee come back maybe someone will listen. #Illigitimate #Notmypresident
这智商获得“教育部长”提名，搞笑的美国民主，赤裸裸的金钱提名money talks
I urge you to call for an impeachment of D Trump asap
you're all washed up face it.  You'll b back at #Harvard teaching native amer studies soon enough. Buckle up
Thank you, Sen. Warren, for doing the right thing.
Please make a decision already on these nominees. The delay on voting is unacceptable. There are other issues waiting.
THANK YOU!
I did have alot of respect for you. Now not so.much
Thank you!!!
@chellesnail @usedgov You're what's not in the best interest of our children. You're a proven liar Pocahontas!
Thank you, Dems should be speaking up and voting no on all his cab nominations.
Go girl, go!!!!!
Great! What are you doing about the Muslim ban? #MuslimBan @SenWarren @usedgov
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you Elizabeth for protecting Public Education.
thank you
you are not exactly the best judge of...well, anything! Sorry-caught in more lies. I.e. Headlines today. #Crooked
OF CHOICE, BETSY DEVOS wants school choice, which would get the poor into better schools, then you lose their vote.
Thank you
u failed to disclose a $1.3 million line of credit provided to you by Bank of America phoney.
Thank you.  Please keep fighting for what's right.
Get the Feds out of education would be best for all.
INDEED IT IS NOT!
Thank you. I agree and behind u 100%
But Ben Carson met your standards?
rip
.@SenWarren continue to fight for us. There is a feeling of helplessness at the ground level as one tyrannical order is made after another.
@Editor_JMike Thank you Senator Warren for standing up for the public schools in Massachusetts
<< we are due a lunch date you & me !
you got it! Would love to see you. I am free Wednesday or Thursday of next week or next Saturday
<< Thursday in Salem ! PM me at facebook for time & place
Thank you, Sen Warren, for all you do for us. You are an inspiration.
Thank you Senator Warren!
.@SenWarren @_juliannemoore  Democrats support forcing a child to attend a failing school because of a line some bureaucrat drew on a map
@USDOL and what about Puzder the #antilaborsecretary ?
Stand up! Thank you for doing what's right.
@realDonaldTrump Liz deciding 'what is in the best interest of America's young people' is out of your hands*you  failed
- PLEASE DO! As a former educator myself, we're crossing into dangerous territory with this woman!
Thank you for supporting education!
thank you for your work!
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up against the wanton ignorance that has become awash in Washington right now.
thank you
Thank you!!
go talk to the GOP please, we need them to vote for our kids over their party and wallet.
thank you
please vote against her!!!
Why aren't you voting against all of Trumps appointees?
or your silly political agenda
you should have voted no on a lot more than her. My confidence in you and the party has been shaken by your YES votes
thank you for protecting our children!
Thank You, SenWarren, and Sherrod Brown, my picks for 2020!
Thank you Senator Warren for this and all you do. We need you.
is an uphill battle with these nominees, Rogues Gallery of anti-American ideas keep up the good fight
Thank you !
why
an the people of Mass have to decide if you're in the best interest of them on Election Day
was supporting HRC best for the young when you and Bernie could have mopped the place up? Step up and be who you pretend to be
Thank you
Warren + Obama for President 2020
you shouldn't have voted for Carson. Putting him in charge of HUD is like running with scissors. You own that vote.
thank you.
.@SenWarren @usedgov You are soooo brave.
Thank you
Thank you!
ha ha doesn't matter how you voted
No it is NOT
Thank you as a person who is the child of teachers we need 99 more senators who think like you in the Senate.
Thank  you  Elizabeth Warren for standing strong .
@KQuilt @usedgov thank you
thank you.
JEFF SESSIONS
you've got balls girl. I like you!
@ohhhagnes @usedgov my daughter has worked hard all of her life as a teacher ( working on her doctorate) and DeVos is not fit.
- But, who will protect our kids from Grizzly Bear attacks?
And, deVos is a right wing nut job bent on creating an academic elite based solely on the wealth of a child's family.
How about Rex Tillerson?
thank you for defending students who aren't "privileged" to pay for tuition but rely on student loans for higher ed. 
Thank you from a 4th grade public school teacher.
thank you Senator
and I thank you
@Anita_Sarah @usedgov It wasn't in the best interest to cave and support crooked @HillaryClinton but you did #GoofyBeth
Thank you so much I know how hard you are fighting for us.
good choice in my opinion.
This is bunk.
thank you for supporting our kiddos @SenWarren !
to me it seems you nurture a deeply flawed ideology that informs your every thought. No room for objectivity.
Thank you for your "no" vote. BD wouldn't last 5 minutes in a K-12 classroom.  Kids know a phony when they see one.
Thank you Sen. Warren!
Thank you Sen Warren. She belongs nowhere near education. Keep fighting the good fight #registeredMAvoter
God, I love Elizabeth Warren. #yougogirl
THANK YOU!
But we need her 2 abolish education so we can continue 2 build a world in which #alternativefacts are never questioned.
Thank you Senator.
you should probably vote against all the nominees. 
thank you
thank you - please vote no on Sessions, too.
how can you justify voting for any of these nominees?
yes but you aren't either. She will still be confirmed #MakingAmericaGreatAgain #Liberty
Thank you.
Thank you for doing the right thing!
@MichaelWeinand @usedgov ..thank you.
You can drag your feet all you want...Trump gets the cabinet that we the people want! What a powerhouse Trump is!
Its dosn't matter your vote.  Republicans are in charge. #MAGA
Big surprise!
Your state is about to vote you out of the Senate
Gee, such a surprise.
what's with the Bank of America and 1.3 million? So quick to call out everyone else! Evil bank helped you though
THANK YOU!!!!  Please ask other legislators to do the same!  @SenSanders @CoryBooker what say you?
Sanders has already said he will not vote for her. Booker has to count the $ he's gotten from her first.
I knew about @SenSanders and I am hopeful that @CoryBooker will vote his heart.
Thnk u 4 speaking with insight n compassion 4 bst interests of students n all Americans - n all refugees who seek peace.
I'm glad bc DeVos is least-qualified candidate in history for this position.
Thank you! #iamStrugglinStudent Devos has no experience w/ gov't student aid or the public school system. #NOTQUALIFIED
tell me, are you a man or a woman?
Liz, plz vote for free ed and free healthcare. israel has it and we are sending millions to them. why?
as most of his picks r dangerous nominees. Yet 2 come is supreme court pick! This will be the biggest challenge yet
