How many credit card co cheat people vs how many over extend their credit and cant pay?
It's hard to hold wealthy and corporations accountable for anything. Duh. That's the lynchpin of our system.

Kinda like when you cheat a college by saying your an Indian
aaaaahhhhh, name calling the last dying gasp of the liberal left
apparently if the dems cheat the America people its equally hard to hold them accountable #doublestgandard
It's your responsibility to read fine print
Laws have always been and will be inclined towards big corporations, rich people and this can't be changed.
GOP continues as the party of arbitration clauses,gerrymandering,collusion with adversaries,hanging chads,voter suppression,no healthcare,1%
And packing SCOTUS so bad laws can live without hearts! ?Roberts familiar with arbitration clauses in past? Whatever happened to "center"?
When the govt cheats you....well you go to jail or die. But yea sure banks and corporations and stuff.
Credit card companies are accountable to their shareholders. Gov is accountable to you through elections/political process ignorant person!
You really believe that? Bless the bubble of ignorance that encapsulates you.
They can't cheat you if you don't use them.  Cash works, and it doesn't carry an huge interest rate.  Learn to save for what you need.
Talk to @lisamurkowski abt how credit card companies bottleneck the Alaska court system harvesting poor Alaskan PFDs. #WhatsInYourWallet
Credit card cheats me? Let's drain the swamp and save me some real money from some slick shysters that cheat me daily!
SHUT UP, PLEASE.
Only rich can afford attorneys, class action only benefits attorneys. Let's just get rid of attorneys. Just sit around making laws  for self
You would know about fraud that's for sure You done enough of it
boDY boDY boDY
Let's do something about that!!
Their power and hold over us is immense.
Joe Manchin for president 2020
Change it...
What do you do when #congress #cheats you? Absolutely no #accountability. #dosomerealwork #lyingliz #obstructionist #crazyladyprobs
Nice to know...Why don't you do something about it??? Or do you just report?
What about redistribution and social engineering through the tax code. You're a joke.
And what if the Banks close the accounts of thousands of people in the same type of business - thats a monopoly, but you think thats ok
When have you ever been cheated by a CC co? Usually consumer doing the cheating. Poor Dems, Always the victims.
Just as I thought,you have no answer because you don't care. You just want to run your lying mouth!
Is anyone from Wells Fargo going to face criminal charges?
Lizzy, do you think it's OK for Bank Fraud Bernie to not repay his $10 million dollar loan from a medium size bank! I think he's a dead beat
Liars in the Senate are scumbags, right Liz. Expose them. Here is a clue.
I wonder who writes the laws?
If a politician cheats you they act like nothing happened recount
Maybe you and Bernie could be the Democratics nominees in 2020. And your slogan could be Liars for  America!
Still waiting for an answer from you as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
Canvyou sue a private college/university after being ripped off for an education that can't get you a good paying job?
You are so right. Thank you so much for fighting this on our behalf.
But if a  regular person lie their arrested and prosacuted
How certain ppl can lie to the world everyday
You sign the contract............don't like it start your own credit card company
Have never had that problem. But you would be an expert on cheating wouldn't you?
What about when a politician cheats you ???
Same with you politicians
We had bank crisis- you & party came into power-you had 8 years to do something- you did nothing! Strange, now it's important? @POTUS

Or even having a day in court at all. Mandatory arbitration clauses and all.
Like your inaction  from @IBM your contributor  @GinniRometty oversees this scheme with @USTreasury funding
CAREER POLITICIAN CHECKED THEIR CONSCIENCES AT THE DOOR. THEY NO LONGER WIRK FOR THE PEOPLE
CAUTION. WHEN YOU HEAR A POLITICIAN SPEAK OF LOBBYIST , AS IF THEY DONT CARE FOR THEM. REMEMBER THATS WHO THEY REALLY WORK FOR
Pay the damn bill and you don't have to worry about them cheating you

How are you helping? What are you working on? Did you cheat?
Hey just like the government
What are you doing about it besides telling us what we already know.
That is not right.
If you are being screwed by credit card companys why use them?
Simple solution... pay cash, problem solved. Usery is usery no matter how much lipstick you put on that pig.
Oh just like universities.
What if u cheat the ctedit card company like some of your cohorts . I guess that just the benefit of being a Democrat... Right!!!!!!!!
maybe we should tell people to read the contracts they sign and let people be accountable for the choices they make.
These rules were placed there to protect from financial predators. Try and listen up
Why are y'all making this personal against the senator while she is trying to help you? Do you understand what this is about?
Chris most conservatives are too stupid to see your logic. That's why they keep bringing up her ancestry claim as if they care about Indians
Either to stupid or too blind..lol
I'm going with both. Seeing they keep voting against their own economic interests time & again. 
As if they will ever be rich.  #suckers
Translation. She wants her greedy plaintiff bar special interest friends to be able to shake down down industry for class action billions.
Those arbitration clauses should be illegal.
Why not ask why people depend on credit cards, no job?  Just asking!
Save your money and buy it cash
Shiva for Senate
I find it laughable to hear anything financial related coming from you.
Hey Liz... Remember that time you made a pile of money on foreclosures?
The same people who no doubt believed Trump's birther stories
Gotta love the people who cheerlead for the credit card cos
Fake issue.
And if the Democrats tell you one thing it's hard to belive them !! If you like your Dr or if you like your Ins. Or 22Million peps will lose
Or when you say your a native Indian
We don't agree on much, but this we do! Scary.
If lie in your job application about your ethnicity to gain an advantage it's hard to undo
So if I don't pay my card and they sue me, that's cheating me? If I agree to an interest rate, that's cheating me? Whaaaaat are you saying??
What about old white ladies who cheat and say they're Native American to advance their careers? #cheater #highcheekbones #liar #fraud
Elizabeth remember your girlfriend suzi orman who scam million of working class people out if money with her fake credit card
Corporations have lots of $$. Politicians need lots of $$ for campaigning. Corporations get their rules, politicians stay in power. #Simple
Will they help me when u the government cheats me what's my recourse when u take all my money and give to someone else.
Go get 'em!!  Give us some power back!!  Keep fighting for us
How about when the US government cheats us?  Like with Obamacare?  What do we do then? #DrainTheSwamp
So pass laws that void those clauses
Not as much as the union contracts you push for that fuck over every non union member. Which is like 75% of the country. But they give u $
Best way to avoid it. Don't get a credit card. Unless you're 100% u can pay your balance every month, it's a trap.
Horrible idea....a politician suggesting involvement with lawyers.  Better yet, try tort reform.  Might actually make things better.
She learned that from Sanders .
@SenWarren My credit company raised interest, fees and cut my limits. Didn't bother to give advance notice of changes.
Do you ever Band together Feathers to form a head dress???
I guess you would know a lot about cheating.
Kinda like politicians, huh?
And yet we have so much recourse when our elected officials cheat us, right Liz?
What about people who lie about being Native American to gain admittance to things? #LIAR
@Davidlaz Bernie would have won.
Are elected officials cheat us all the time so whats the difference#imwithher
The insurance system is just as bad if not worse bec when ins co cheat MD there is nowhere to report it leaving corrupt practices in place.
WHEN WILL U.S. MAKE 45 ACCOUNTABLE for HIS ACTIONS? Time is URGENT
And,45 is in with him. WHAT is going to be done about all this; WHEN? We can't just wait & see ... investigations need to speed up. Not safe
Just ask your friend Nancy Pelosi. She made millions raping Americans with her credit card scam
And when senators cheat us out of scholarship funds, they call them democrats

Once again Hillary Clinton number two talks about the credit card companies until they pay her than its all business as usual.  She fake new
Great talking points but where in your discussion falls "Personal Responsibility" ?  Why people sign a contract w/o due diligence?
It's easier than holding the gov't accountable. Take the IRS Inquisition on Conservative/Tea Party groups FOR INSTANCE. Where were you?
It's laughable for you to speak to financial accountability. She who has a zero percent mortgage from Harvard.
This can happen with health insurance too if the GOP get their way.
Elizabeth Warren should be held accountable too! How much $ do you get nowadays for a speech?? Open your front doors for illegals!
Worth 40 million..i dont see her giving up her money like she wants actual working people to do.
She has alot of $ for being anti rich
And, unfortunately, fed law appears to have preempted state laws inhibiting the ability of states AG's to come to the aid of consumers.
Unfortunately, there are too many to fit inside of a tweet.
Time to go back to banning excessive interest rates. The ancients knew this was exploitation, why did we let creditors erode common sense?
Figures
Just shut up Betty.
You have a choice don't use them.If you sign a contract understand it first. Kind of like if you claim to be Native Amer  you should be
Companies sell Travel ticked at Specific Price..but they Charge more to The Bank..Banks  do not Protect us..is like a Ilegal Shame.
The interest on unpaid balances is exorbitant. Luckily I can pay my balance to zero monthly.  No interest= a great deal.
Most everything is pre-set to favor companies, and those with money. If anyone believes on the 'poor' scam, they are beyond naive.
Most credit card company's are positive I over pay all the time and they send me a check 30 to 60 days @SenWarren @SenWarren2020.
That's because our senate and congress on both sides of the aisle lack ethics and integrity as they take massive  from those banks.
Fighting chance, chapter 4 lol
My credit card company told me they had low interest and high cheekbones.
not bot
What about politicians !?
It happened to me, the CC company wanted paperwork going back YEARS to prove they violated their agreement. Paying off debt, never again!
Will you take a DNA test to prove you have never cheated?
Great job, keep at it please. Even when we can sue them they have control of our courthouses through patronage, difficult to win.
you are sitting in a minority's chair, por que? you stole it, like stealing a winning lotto ticket..#prisontime just for that!!
Go for it @SenWarren! The people need this championed!
I know, that's why we gotta stick it to them first. This class warfare stuff is hell.
YOU voted NO to audit the fed - you could have exposed where $9 trillion was doled out..what entities, what banks, what bad countries, etc.!
#Pocahontas the #hypocrite
No one cheats people like the government

If regulators kills your opportunities as an SME or entrepreneur to credit it is impossible to hold them accountable https://subprimeregulations.blogspot.com/2012/07/complaint-i-presented-to-consumer.html …
Same with the IRS
All of a sudden your gonna solve credit card crisis? What happen to owning your purchases and being a responsible adult&pay the lender back?
Lets ask @BernieSanders he seems to have mastered the art of cheating banks.
#DNA Pocohantas
Then why can't congress come up with a law stating not to cheat the American public.
Its part of the grand gop plan to make Americans powerless against their treachery and their libelous attacks.
This is why I don't use credit cards.
What about when YOU cheat all of us by lying about being an Indian?  Take the DNA test
I've got a crazy story for u about boa wells fargo and a modified loan wish i could contact you
This is such a BS story #childrenofthecorn  try working for a change stop this manipulate lies & erroneous rhetoric nothing but criticize
And if you have no insurance drive your car around and crash it's hard to get insurance after the fact and have them cover your car
Hmmm kinda like you buying foreclosed properties? Damn Hypocrite!!!
Thank you! Banning forced arbitration is big deal! Keep up the fight!
#legalstealing
Did you learn that in native American studies #pocahontus?
Honest question- what if Donald Trump stated the same thing? Just curious. I'm no fan of Ms. Warren but the point is banks suck.
Banks do suck & mostly because of federal regulations that hamstring them.
we have become hosts for a rigged economy that feeds the insatiable addictions of parasites and predators who do nada for society
Will the law be changed/fixed to be fair? Now? 2018? 2020?
So it only adversely affects republicans? Congressional republicans said NO..on the record..to anything of consequence during last 8 years
Possibly maybe.....you must be referencing behind closed door GOP senators (13 of 52) crafting donors' health care (tax cut) bill
How about when a senator lied about her heritage Any Recourse There?
Socailist propaganda!
Camron Diaz is Colombian not Cherokee. And why couldn't Elizabeth Warren have a little Indian in her? They come out white looking a lot
Maybe responsible adults should read contracts before they sign them?
But that's hard!  Adulting is hard for some people.
So don't get a credit card. NEXT!
People who don't get credit cards are OK....it's the people who already have them....and just got your sage advice
Spied on me? Now Investigate Merkel H and IMF head!
What if a federal agency cheats you?
not anymore.....they lost today.  Let the class action suits commence.
#Pocahontas speaks! Don't sign a contract if you don't like it! Socialist bleeding hearts should stay out of it
so what is your insignficant point?
Disgusting

Waiting 4 u to stand up 4 #CharlieGard 
@SenWarren so he can be rescued from what you're trying 2 force on the rest of #America #FullRepeal
Regarding #Merkel bank accounts. I did not go that far. Overwise I would have shown where H, #IMF head do their money laundering. #Tatiana
