One of our great and true patriots, @SenWarren
You are a brave woman Sen. Warren. #SenatorWarren2020
4 republicans two Democrats good to c u working all sides
I pray for the day when we don't have to send our young men to war. But hey I'm an  idealist.
How much of my tax money did it cost for your little photo opp?
Politics
Did you oll enjoyed?
Woow! Fantastic
Yes please run for POTUS, please
She didn't even wear a flak jacket lit Jared did.  She has more guts!!
Thank You 
How do you feel taking a scholarship away that was intended for a Native American?
Our next President!!!!
She has my Vote!!
Fron the school lunch program you backed and supported?
please don't tax them to death.
Please go home. None of our service member want to see you. #fauxahontas
Why did you subject our warriors to the disgusting task of looking at you Liz? How many puked at the sight of your face Liz?
You are with officers that didn't have any other choice.
Work to get our serviceman home from Afghanistan and Iraq ASAP. Neither war is winnable. Lives lost, trillions squandered, to what end?
Thank U Senator Warren for visiting these soldiers I wish there would have been more politicians like you when my brother served in a Iraq
J'espère pour vous que ce sera votre dernier voyage en territoires de guerre ! Pour vous et vos collègues !
Merci Mme !!!!!
You are amazing going to visit the troops 
Find whoever took the dog and do the same to them. Cowardly act.
@laureldavilacpa Salt of the  thank you no really thank you troops.
Great job, @SenWarren But, lotta O corps in that pic. Any Es? Don't mean to sound grouchy but enlisted often feel overlooked. Happy 4th
Love you now and when you're the president!!!
Thanks for your self promotional July 4th.
Is that true you took a DNA test for http://Ancestry.com  are you going to let us know how much Indian blood you have in you?
Not impressed lady. You lie too much
While Trump folds again...really?
Hi Spencer!
This is what Democrats should be doing, actively boosting morale of those who believe in our country, & counterattack questionable leaders.
Did u tell them why they are "deployed" there?

Securing a #fossilfuels pipeline

Would've thought u were above McCain's saber-rattling

:-(
If body language could talk.....
God bless you, my She-ro and Heroes.
XOXO
Hack
Liz ur a hack & strait up pathetic what a shame
hope you met with the enlisted soldiers too
The one u have ur arm around give him my number
Goofyng off again, Do you ever do any serious  work?
Guess only the officers get to merit ur time
Fantastic!!! Bless you all!
Big photo op. You should be impeached for wasting the taxpayers dollars.
Bless our Vets! 
Boy is she kissing patriotic butt just to give the impression that she is patriotic too, in which she isn't.
AWESOME Elizabeth..xoxo
I know you made their day. You are the best of the best! 
I'm glad these brave service members know there are people back home who care, even if not the current administration.
THANK them for their service.
Holy Moly, you are really milking this photo op! But, good news, you're out of the country!
Thank you Sen. Warren & Massachusetts troops. I didn't realize how much I love the U.S.
I hope you explain to them why you don't want to increase defense spending and go against their commander and chief on everything.
Please make sure they've got health care after they've served!

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
so a real war party...
Thank you to the real heroes all over the world, American servicemen and women who protect our country and our values.   Happy 4th
Tell them we love them!
They're being good sports and trying to smile

What a hypocrite....this nasty woman would sell her mother if she thought it would buy her votes!
Thank you.  It means a ton to do that.
But mostly a crock
I'm sure president trumps sore heel kept him from going along.
So they're "taking you out"
While your president golfs, this is what a true patriot is doing!
You vote doesn't count. Nice try though. You are clueless about Warren.
Looks to me like she's running for President.  Go get 'em Sen. Warren!!
Photo op. Votes!!
It would be interesting to follow up these same people in 5 years time. That's where you can really help them
Do they know that you are a left wing anti war zealot?
This is not support for the troops, but obvious self-promotion.
This is what a real leader does on July 4th
Another Canadian supporting Warren. Perhaps she'll move up North! She's great with refugees!
What a joke...aren't u the one that supported killing our Police!?
This is a really Senator.
What is a really Senator?
Thanks for being there
Meanwhile @realDonaldTrump is golfing
He is allowed to celebrate our independence too, isn't he?
What would you say if Obama was still potus and was golfing? I have a feeling you'd be mad about it.
did you ask them WHY they are in Afghanistan? .... still
Don't make them get vaccinated with Anthrax unless you'll take it too!
Officers only??
Why are they still deployed to Afghanistan 16 years and 3 presidencies later? What is congress doing to end this "war?" What are you doing?
Way to go, Senator!
Tell them to stay away from Afghan hashish it destroyed the Russian soldiers
Is this supposed to impress us that you got of your impeach soapbox?  You Do know that the military supports our president.
Bet they were ordered to be their.
Senator Warren hopefully you can take that test and that would clear up your heritage thanks in advance Pocahontas
That is what is important to you and not the soldiers she stands by? Show me Trumps tax returns and we will hound her into proving her dna.
Zero(the number that will vote for your re-election).
How did you find that many vols to take a picture with you?
Shiva Ayyadurai, who is challenging Elizabeth Warren for her Massachusetts Senate seat,  sent the Democrat a DNA kit to test her heritage?
You didn't go golfing like @realDonaldTrump ?
Why you ducking the DNA test? Those men & women who serve don't run or hide. They face the truth head high! God bless our troops󾓦
Thank you, Senator!!! Love you!!! 
And 45 is golfing!
Obamination is bad mouthing America in a Muslim country. So helpful.
Golf is his religion
GREAT JOB...
Please consider 40 yrs of failure before continuing $$ for more #Americans as cannon fodder. #Kabul #Afghanistan http://www.syrianews.cc/kabul-slaughter-trump-regime-isis/ …
Are they Cherokee as well? Asking for a friend
Thank you for being a true #AmericanHero and role model. #MAGA
Visiting troops is a wonderful thing. It by no means makes you a hero. She is visiting heroes.
You don't decide who I call a "hero". PERIOD.
Please tell us you assured them that most of us want to thank them by bringing them home and not risking them in any more wars of aggression
How many beads did you pay them to be seen with you?
I guarantee their Brigade Commander forced them to go.
They should have arrested you for fraud! Merica!
Pro-status political posturing
Did ya take that dna test?
#PutinPivot
You are a true patriot. Be careful over there:)
did you tell them how many of their votes you tried to suppress!
you're confusing her with @realDonaldTrump and @GOP #trumpimpeachmentparty
Wait you mean you're not playing golf with rich people who worship you, or simply tolerate you as a useful boor?
It sounds like you need a tour with our troops with a name
 like yours, maybe you" ll learn alittle respe ct
n
Respect whom?
Are you referring to Clinton? I have heard no evidence Trump dodged the draft.
You will NEVER be president!
we thought the same of moron in chief @realDonaldTrump Warren 2020, love it!! #trumpimpeachmentparty
Nobody cares what you think. Regardless of what you think Trump is our President. If you don't like it you are free to leave.
Over 100 million feel the way I do, sweetie. DT hasn't gotten rid of freedom of speech yet, so until then suck it up, buttercup! #impeach45
Please tell them how grateful we are! Thanks for going @SenWarren and @SenJohnMcCain.
You're such a snake. Nobody believes that you're anything but a vile Marxist harpy.
I think you're confusing her with @realDonaldTrump or maybe @SpeakerRyan or @SenateMajLdr or even @SenTedCruz
Yep!
All I see is you, Senator.
(See what I did there?)
