@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp #Veterans #Law If THEY have nothing to Hide, Why FEAR Transparency & Accountability? http://www.latimes.com/politics/washington/la-na-essential-washington-updates-speaker-paul-ryan-pans-calls-for-1487087749-htmlstory.html …
You have my support to take action. They don’t care if you call them immoral. #nomorewords #takeaction don’t be a #spinelessdems
heeeeeeey are you trolling me? Aw man, I thought you actually read what I said. Haha, you got me! Good one!
Oh man you deleted your tweet about me that shows you form strong opinions without reading facts. Sad!
With all this going on, WHY would you comment on Obama getting paid for a speech? Could you PLEASE focus on the enemy. Sigh. WTF????
we love you Liz! Keep up the food fight. #kutgf
Bless you!  Wish we had more voices like yours!  I know you are working so hard, but we NEED you!!!!
Very bad moves on the part of the GOP that will injure the great majority of Americans and unfairly benefit corporations & Wall St. Resist!
“DNC Shatters The Illusion Of American Democracy In Order To Keep People’s 27 Bucks” by Caitlin Johnstone
You're the best! Run for President. 
@SenSanders Who is defending American citizens from PRico who are forced to migrate in the U.S. Senate?
What is immoral is the Democrat Party posing as friends of the people. Now that is immoral. 50 yrs ago the party was reasonable, not today.
Bravo Elizabeth!  I appreciate your courage and tenacity to face down the greedy politic that steals from the poor to enrich the wealthy.
What's somewhat immoral but unquestionably hypocritical is the Obama's celebrity vacation aboard David Geffen's $590M super yacht - LMAO
I appreciate all your words, but what has changed? We need action. If HRC were in office she’d be in impeachment hearings.
You're ok with the morality of crushing the skull of a baby one minute before she takes her first breath, right?
You're ok with not having knowledge of what your talking about right? & missing the point right? But a clue then come back to play.
Um, I have knowledge the pocahontas is in favor of all manner of abortions, she's immoral, what am I missing genius? #but
Can you tell us how u feel about Obama getting 400k a pop fo rspeeches to wall street show us if you are sincere
I'm honestly interested in why you think Obama is still relevant?
He was irrelevant when he walked out the door.  The more his EOs get rolled back the more irrelevant he becomes.  Cool with that
You also said, "Donald Trump will never get within 1,000 yards of the Oval Office." So let's work harder on the right things, Senator.
It's not consumer protection, it's govt regulation/restriction on the people, we voted against your liberal fascist policies!!
Why would someone who lies for personal gain lecture anyone about morality
Go get 'em, Elizabeth Warrior!  Thank you for calling out those who would pass these laws.
Right after u bought up millions in foreclosed properties.That ur shitty policies set into motion. Talk about morals.
Dems like that word "immoral"
You do not have a clue what morality is!
I can think of something or someone other than consumer protection that should be neutered - Some gene pools need to be carefully examined
Did they kill the bill?
goofy, MA dont even like you
Wait isn't lying immoral?  Why do you lie?
Was that before or after you scolded President Obama --a lifelong Democrat--for accepting speaking fees? #PurityPolice
Immoral? Like taking 350k for teaching one (1) class?
Wondering what the class was - Indian Folklore perhaps? It's not immoral - It's unconscionable & borders on usury along with Obama's $400K
And they all laughed
It wasn't that long ago that Wall St almost destroyed the World economy. THE WORLD
Obama $400k from Wall Street.
After you bashed BHO
when I think of immorality i think of you on the floor of the senate, you abuse the ear of every senator in there,&uwere punished
Thank you Senator @SenWarren !
Senator Elizabeth Warren's Female Staffers Made $20,000 Less than Male Staffers -
.@SenWarren .@FinancialCmte .@YouTube did you also look in the mirror this morning and tell yourself that you're native American?
Let's see how much big WALL STREET and UNION money you bundle for your re- election.
And they checked their Facebook feed & ordered takeout. Z-z-z-z
They don't care. If it makes the already wealthy richer, they're for it no matter who it hurts.
He should have slapped your ass
You and morals wow #oxymoron
@gowans_k @FinancialCmte @YouTube except when they're paying @BarackObama. 400k an hour, then they're godsends
The economy is choking to death and you don't want to relinquish any of the death grip regulations are having on it.GDP #s were putrid today
. I like the use of the words immoral and neuter in the same sentence.
You go girl!!! Proud of you.
The @CFPB should be monitoring money flowing from Wall Street to politicians like your former boss @POTUS44
Pocohantas
Do the right thing a step down nobody gives a crap about you or the left
"Talking" While you're at it, remind them our military are glorified mercenaries for banks and oil companies
@SenWarren Thanks for trying to keep trump in order. #climatemarch #draintheswamp #TaxTheRich #MillionairsClub #liarincharge
Thank you
I commend your passion, but let's face facts.  If Congress REALLY cared about Main Street, then this bill would never have been submitted.
Our President is immoral. He has no regard for the life of his citizens. Healthcare, poverty, environment, or rights. Please resist forever!
Another Liberal miscreant who has his head up his ass - Are ALL Liberals really so miserably uninformed, biased & just downright stupid?
The only person I see here who is immoral and demonstrating bad behavior is YOU LIARWARTHA!!!!
#Greed
The same wall street that funded hilary and just paid obama 400K.
And republicans just shrugged 
Immoral people could never do the morally correct thing. Maybe there is still hope for them to reform? Time will tell.
...and the GOP took it as a compliment.
At least they let you talk, for now.
You should have told them you were quitting politics forever, and that you're not really native
You're telling that to amoral entities who couldn't care less. It's like telling the devil he's evil.
This is a fake posting Schiff would never post anything against Warren. Further what if she made $9, $10, or $20 million we are capitalists!
Looks like you are on the war path today....
I am on the War path too together with Warren and those who are for decency, morality, & transparency in our government & public officials!
Thank you
