stand up for us,  please Elizabeth. Stop this bike human excrement.
Dictator Trump needs to be impeached.Sitting in WH with manyWOS like he's king instead of servant
that is EOS executive orders
Trump is a moron and is trying to dismantle democracy not enhance it.
funny you say cold dead hands cos most likely a crazy white guy with a gun would cause you to have that.
after accusing her of betraying him.  This is insane.
i wonder if  he thinks he's still in Apprentice? Pls continue reminding him he has a real job now. #bealeader
Not unlawful, not unconstitutional, not a #MuslimBan. She deserved to be fired. I'm shocked you're a senator! @realDonaldTrump
No, she violated the oath she took , that's why she was fired !
because it is as neither unlawful nor a Muslim ban.  But don't let facts get in your way!
His language, that she "betrayed him" was purely authoritarian. Plus he really hates being beaten by girls.
She clearly didn't have the authority to sit on her ass and ignore a Constitutional order.
Not a word of what you say here makes sense or pertains in any way to the conversation.
libs live in Alt reality. Read our founding documents snowflake.
impeach the orange psychopath
its about damn time we had a @POTUS that did something right.
lawful order and she refused to do her job
not only would I have fired her, but I would have thrown her ass in prison for obstruction...
What do I have to say about it...........NEXT!!!
obama halted visas to the same 7 countries, I did not see you act this way, Just say it " I don't like Trump"
Hwa Yea Haw Trump fired her ass.
What's wrong with him? Is he so out of touch with reality that he thinks his presidency is "The Apprentice"?
IT is not a Muslim ban..Lost now in media so..No matter...Next???
@sherigreatfalls @realDonaldTrump 
Good. She deserved it.
It is not unconstitutional. It is not unlawful. She demonstrated poor judgment. I hate to see anybody get fired.
Time to fire #notmypresident
John ... he is your president....
Have you ever read the constitution? It's meant for citizens... which citizens were effected? Zero
talk to this crowd hard job . good luck .
Liawathha because Trump was lawful and she was politically supporting illegals
you are wrong! We don't want anymore cancer in our country! We don't want psych rapists her line in Germany!
Abuse of power.  Time to initiate the impeachment process.
Madam you know it was lawful and in the real world insubordination is cause for being fired. No tenure in Busnss
Come on @SenWarren, you studied law, you know the Order is not unconstitutional. Fight it politically.
She's a hero!!
To a TROLL! lol
Trump ha un piano x mandare via gli stranieri poveri che pesano su wealfare del suo sistema @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
"Acting AG"... NO MORE!!! Ha! President Trump, RIGHTFULLY uttered HIS famous words: "YOU ARE FIRED!" RESIGN NOW!
he is a true dictator. Shades of Hitler
Mislim Ban narrative is a lie. I hope more libs lose seats in 2018.
T - you are slowly eroding any & all respect. U don't get RESPECT because u r in the position - U EARN IT.
typical, exactly what we expect from someone who thinks he is king not President.
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump His right. But to attack her character was small and unnecessary (untrue), showing a lack of leadership.
Thank You Mr Trump.....
You need to go have your Morals adjusted SenWarren.  You are not a Patriot of the people just your bank account
@mcaron5474 @realDonaldTrump and so he should have.  In the "real world " what the boss says gets done.
Sorry but there's no word in the order showing anti-Muslim. It's a Nation-related concern, nothing to do with the religion.
looks like the people of Massachusetts are coming to their senses & getting ready to fire you! Run @gehrig38 Run
just like the reality show.."you're fired".  Incredible. #when is next election#gopyourefired!
You're my hero, please keep up the good fight, Trump is very dangerous (and his rich chronies).
you are such a great lady! USA will need someone as brave as you to b
How can it be a Muslim Ban Lizzie when the largest Muslim countries are excluded?
Not her call or yours.  U didn't complain when Obama banned the same 7 countries in 2011.
Could be stupid but Mr. Trump without his blond grey white lock could maybe be destabilised It is his weak point
Maybe we shouldn't be so hard on him. #PresidentBannon told him to do it. #DidNotVoteForBannon #FakePrez
He is acting like a king! If he has his way, all of our checks & balances will disappear; free to make $ on us
Regret endorsing @HillaryClinton yet?  At least @realDonaldTrump is a wolf in wolfs clothing. #ResistOligarchy #NoBanNoWall
please explain to me what part of the EO was unconstitutional.
I'm waiting on an answer
Pretty good evidence of criminal intent to run a crooked government, if you ask me.
speaking Truth2Power
#WrongfulTermination
#EEOC Case Study
@SallyQYates 
@MichelleObama 
@CNN @amjoyshow @chrislhayes
PLEASE stand ground on these crazy nominees of Trumps! Thank you for all you do!
when can we fire him? Seriously. Can you get this started? You will be deemed a Hero!
This is exactly the lying I referred to.  politicians, if their mouths are moving, they R lying.
Not a Muslim Ban! Not a Muslim Ban!  Repeat after me, not a Muslim ban!  Travel ban from terrorists strong holds
Democracy on Trial
Trump hasn't done a Muslim ban. He banned certain countries. Muslim ban would be all countries
As Sen. Leahy stated on firing "The attorney general is people's attorney, not the president's attorney". Suppose 2challenge pres
shut up princess
UR a Trouble maker

Liberal law professor Dershowitz calls out @SenWarren lying about Constitution. 
@realDonaldTrump http://politistick.com/liberal-alan-dershowitz-blasts-elizabeth-warren-bastardizing-constitution/ … #LyingLizzy

Not unlawful, not unconstitutional, NOT a ban on Muslims...stop spreading lies.
why is the AG a position that the president can fire at will...?  Aren't they there as a final check/balance...?
.....sad. Fascist!
Thank you Sen Warren for all you do.  Please be careful this isn't a smoke screen for something even more awful.
Urgh.  I am perplexed beyond comprehension.
Thank God we have a GREAT LEADER such as Trump!!!!!!!
what's it gonna take to impeach him? Whatever it is, do that thing.
Conservatives read the constitution. Libtards just feel what they want to be in the constitution.
You sound ridiculous. And unpatriotic. I'm sure you've heard this already tho.
Warren 2020!
he is a lying deplorable disgraceful BULLY!!! NOT MY PRESIDENT!!!
He still thinks he is on The Celebrity Apprentice.
this is scary. We need to #resist him in #congress and in the #Judiciary. Respect the constitution
So, Government Apprentice begins. Resist.
@mdcpost She showed integrity, you and the rest of the Dems need to follow suit. #resist
Trump should fire all Dem. Especially the ones involved with Obama & Hillary's corrupt crap!
It wasn't a Muslim ban but i would expect Liz to call it that
he's an awful man and liar
Yep! That was great! I missed the Apprentice but he is back and in the White House!
What a shame ,Smh
Your socialist federal minimum wage, welfare, healthcare etc. are ALL unconstitutional and violate the #10thamendment
Nixon did it. Let's hope he also does what Nixon did....and resign!
Glad he did that.  I wish there was a ban on you.
about time government workers started getting fired for not doing their jobs
#VetBannon
I am sooooo glad I live in Australia! Fight the good fight!!  
Yes! RESIST!!!
- She was a goner anyway. She just took the dramatic way out.
And you expected his behaviour to change as POTUS????  God help USA
another lie
disrespectful and shows who he is no regards for anybody if you don't bow down he will retaliate regardless
How sad.
Muslims from other countries entered just fine. Hence, no “Muslim Ban”. Try again.
I'm proud of her!
I'm
sad to lose a strong leader
that is with in his right
She will be on the right side of history when it is written.#Hero
I'm pretty sure the list is going to get longer and longer!
she should have been fired. She was given a direct order from the President of the United States,did not do job
What are you Senators doing about it?
she should've done her job or quit
how
what's unconstitutional about it?
he is a horrible thing! Not even a human being!
I wish Trump could fire you Sen. Warren
It bans non citizens from certain countries not all Muslims. How can they claim Constitutional rights do u have Iranian rights?
DJT is a dictator of the likes never seen before. he believes in authoritarianism and personally seeks vendetta.
Someone needs to fire YOU !!!!
@SouthernLady328 @realDonaldTrump interesting that not peep from these ppl 2011 when Oba ban all coming from Iraq? But now...!
Not unlawful, unconstitutional or a muslim ban.
when a democrat cheats the company "IRS employees " they claim the fifth and retire with full benefits.
I wish he could fire you
in business when an employee deliberately defies the company's leader they get fired. Not moved to another desk.
I am so worried
that's a lie, she refused to enforce the law so trump fired her. That's the AG's job.
Do I need to start learning how to say #HeilTrump ? Please fight this man at every wrong turn #bestrong
Of course he did! That's what dictators do! He'd probably execute or imprison her if he could get away with it.
Not a Muslim ban. Still can't get your facts straight. She got fired for not following orders. Just like any blue collar worker would.
Thank you for doing your job, Sally! 
Heard her testimony to uphold the constitution. Can she SUE him for wrongful termination?
You Senator are a liar!
@MattyBGordon @realDonaldTrump 
good for @realDonaldTrump
So?  She was about to get fired anyway.
Senator Warren. Please keep fighting the hate and the lies.  Thank you!
lazy bums we sent you to Washington to work.  And to HELP make WASHINGTON to work. Collecting money doing noth
not true. So much fake news and the DEMs are being sore losers again...that's why I switched.
you're next fauxahontas
It's NOT a Muslim ban (you lie!) and the POTUS is simply enforcing US Laws that exist and Obama ignored!
you gave to stop him!
I support PRESIDENT Donald Trump's EO 100%....and what text in the Constitution applies to potential immigrants?
Amen! POTUS is moving forward and taking care of business.
Lies. Wrong!!!Again!!! Believe it. 
Then Obama's Iraqi ban was unlawful & unconstitutional but didn't hear a word from u condemning it.# hypocrite!
really Pocahontas.....muslim ban....i did not see 40 other Muslim countries included in the ban....lie
Toddler trumps favorite words " You're fired!" No rhyme or reason 2 his crazy. He's a sociopath. Bannon=racist
@debrakj @realDonaldTrump the wits among the intelligence within any state of consequential momentums.
shades of Nixon.
He is so wrong to fired her!
I am so sick of the double talking & lies from these people. Please get this man out.
@debrakj @realDonaldTrump A bigot with such small mindedness does not encompass a fraction of dutiful progression. Let alone...
she's a lawless left over from the Obama carnage years. We need law and order not more freeloading terrorist!
served her well .
It's like watching an episode of "Game of Thrones" with Trump being "Joffrey" the insane, hated boy king!!!
You know what Poc you wouldnt be elected president whether you make these ignorant statements or not
so this is what a dictatorship looks like. So sad. 
DT is a disgrace to this whole world. We need cosmic intervention.
She temporarily refused until she could be convinced it was lawful. Same as ban is until Trump feels safe.
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Trump & his inner circle are drunk with it.
Good...She should be fired
Great job Trump I love she got fired hope you do too
there should be enough evidence for him to be impeached
should deal in facts about @realDonaldTrump
She deserved to be fired. Trump is doing the peoples work and morons like her should be put out to pasture.
if only you had a backbone and stood up for Bernie....
not a ban, a temporary hold. Just like the one Obama put in place for 6 mos. against Iran. #stepdownliz
