Conflicts of interest? @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
I love it when libs are smacked with truth and watching them cry!
poor triggered loser libs!
do you read your own tweets moron?
obstruct obstruct obstruct
We are sick of whining.  File a damn lawsuit!  Jesus Christ Dems! @SenWarren @ChristianDeW99 @SenateGOP
No way a lawsuit on this would help. BTW, @SenWarren is a former law professor. I'll bet it's been considered.
Yes it would. The Emoluments Clause is real.  Financial disclosures are required. Logan Act ...
Real, but unenforceable in the courts (emoluments), only bringable by DOJ (Logan), or PQ. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_question …
Patrick ... you are not the legal mind we need. No naysayers. Creative balls to the walls save our asses litigators
Apologies for thinking we democrats are the party that believes in facts, not whatever we want the facts to be.
It's a violation of the Ethics in Government Act to hold hearings before OGE certification:
Yes, but not all violations of law will fed courts touch. See above link. Also, the hearings need to precede the lawsuit.
tell us how we can help U stop this
i know and it's frightening
they won because they cheat and steal, period. Don't have any ideas to win honestly. gerrymandering etc.
Clinton won popular vote by almost 3million. other candidates got votes too. Over 73mil. didnt vote 4 DT(1)
I'd say  claiming to be American Indian for personal gain is a conflict.  #DoubleStandard #STFU
Because Hillary would have chosen dirt poor Americans for her cabinet? Just shut up. @SenateGOP
please do more than note what the @SenateGOP are doing & take action! Thousands of us are flooding senators' phone lines today!
The BS is leaking out your ears.

@SenateGOP
don't let them get away with their "shenanigans" Elizabeth.  Hang tough. We love you
Please stop them! Use the tactics they taught and employed for the last 8 years.
GRIDLOCK is our best hope. 
It will block bad laws &
cause many in GOP to lose seats.
Stop wasting my money dragging out the inevitable!!!  I
@lafloran @SenateGOP If the Senators aren't honoring their #Oaths, shame on them if there's a scandal. #RESISTANCE
Where was your concern for conflicts of interest when Granny was selling access to the highest bidder?
@SenateGOP
no papers-No confirms. Cross the aisle; vote ethically. Vote for people not corruption. Be courageous!
Did you catch Meryl Streeps speech at the Golden Globes tonight?  She expressed what soooo many of us feel!
Wouldn't it be morea accurate to say "so the dangerous conflicts of interest don't come to light"? @SenateGOP
Um, didn't you lie about being Native American Indian? I'm half Mohawk (mother is full) you're disgusting
Yes claiming Mohawk. My Mother is a Brant. Chief Joseph Brant Lineage
"Dangerous conflicts of interest" like a SOS running a Pay for Play operation off the books?
And Trump's conflicts?
Conflicts of interest can be BORN so that does not matter!
@TAW3343 @SenateGOP thanks for the warning Warren now DO something
thank you!! The American people are behind you and against corruption!
you guys were so concerned about ALL the bullshit obama had in his administration..WHY DID HE AND HILLARY NEED IRANIAN
@SenSchumer Please get these appointees vetted.
Specifically, who is the billionaire?  What steps are being bypassed?  Asking for evil rural America.
faux bullshit from faux Indian is why u lost
Call out all those Russian mob connections.
you are a conflict of interest
Keep fighting!!!
right keep fighting just like the great job they've done for 8 yrs
Check the stats man, the last 8 years have been the best for economic and job growth in years!
false, and those stats include part time jobs, they don't take families out of poverty.
Care to show some research to back that up? Also the low minimum wage you speak of as not sufficient to raise people out of poverty is key

Interesting read, as is this though.
they really need some advice and directives so as to keep the country misintermingled
Citizens need to know what they can do to have their concerns with nominees heard! Whom should they call?
If in Colorado call Michael Bennet 202-224-5852 & Cory Gardner 202-224-5941; their mailboxes are presently full!
How do we stop them?
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi WHAT ARE THE DEMS DOING AS A UNITED PARTY TO PREVENT THESE CONFIRMATIONS?
FALSE! We stopped the weakening they tried last week on ethics #WETHEPEOPLE
Expedite the approvals please, and quit dragging your feet.
it is essential that the proposed cabinet is held to the same standards as previous cabinet nominees.
@ebcola @SenateGOP
So filibuster them!
Oh... wait. I forgot.
Senate Dems destroyed that because you had a "permanent majority".
Genius.
thanks for your never-ending efforts for doing the right things for the right reasons! #ElizabethWarren #TheResistance
Again, you guys did it 8yrs ago so what is the difference? Thats right you lost.  @SenateGOP
WHY DID NOT ONE DEMOCRATIC SENATOR STAND WITH HOUSE REPS. IN UNISON OVER THE EC. ENRAGED, DISGUSTED, SICKENED, AND HEARTBROKEN.
With all due respect, Senator, the people are tired of the tweets.... We want you TO DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can I retweet this a billion times?
I feel like I'm screaming into the wind while @SenateDems sit on their hands Why is there no action??
One Senator was all we needed. ONE.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan They are so corrupt! Can't wait till 2018 & 20 to actually DTS! #withher
 you voted for the most corrupt politician in history!!!  Silly libs
please fight for us! Let us help with the fight. More action! Move!
Yeah, yeah. Bernie isn't a millionaire/billionaire, but U corrupt Dem reptiles sure as hell got rid of HIM & voters.
 @SenWarren @SenateGOP
NO!! Given the issues w/these nominees thoroughness is a must--not short cuts!
What can we DO .. I have Dem senators so they are already supporting you .. what else can we DO?  What can YOU DO?
Conflicts already exists and should not be ignored.  We citizens deserve better and this will not be overlooked,
why oh why are the hearing starting Tuesday...without full disclosure process being completed????.. COURT COURT COURT
You must act quickly  to insure the legitimacy of the presidency!   Do something please!
keep up your scrutiny
this must be stopped
he's a narcissist that does not have his country's safety in the forefront
NOW character is important? I beleived in you and you broke our hearts http://the-donald.com/Bernie.html 
why do the Demo keep getting blind sided? The GOP will keep doing this as it SOP. wake up
Rise! Keep fighting for us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqw2-TlaWMk …
http://soquelbythecreek.blogspot.com/2011/10/everyone-knows-that-elizabeth-warren-is.html …
Thank you Warren for standing up to these unethical criminals. I don't know how they sleep at night
@SenSanders Unless the Dem leaders are planning a major surprise to help, stop repeating our same sentiment. ACT now!
Well, DO something dammit!!!
PLEASE do not let them! @SenateGOP
I am so glad you are in office and watching our backs. Thank you!
Hold their feet to the fire.. All must be vetted! DJT doesn't think it matters and NO rules is his mandate. Wrong
yes. I told you all about voting irregularities, why didn't you stand up?
@MAPSTER5500 @SenateGOP The dems need to push....scream and holler.  Demand that they obey their own rules required of Obama.
Dems are powerless because they are complete nut jobs now. They where defeated all over the country. Good riddance!
please dig dig
Not surprising. That crowd can't do *anything* honestly!
Stop the republican terrorists!
What can Dems do to stop this corruption? Anything?
how can the people help  ?
right on
What proof do you have? Or is it you just lost another feather
REALLY! WE NEED YOU TO DO SOMETHING. IT'S IN YOUR HANDS. WE'RE COUNTING ON YOU
I'm with you - follow the process. They create Natl Security problems!!
@susaneisenberg1 Must hold them to same standards as Republicans demanded for Pres. Obama's nominees
Why didn't you & Barnie stand with house members to object illegal electorsStop whining on Twitter & DO SOMETHING 
We ask that you assure the same review of conflicts of interest for Trump.His are obvious, numerous, and unaddressed.
Nominees need to be properly vetted, especially billionaires with their fingers in many pots.
@dennismSTL @SenateGOP What are the Dems gonna do? Those of us against Trump are counting on you!
Is being a fake Indian a conflict of interest....???  Asking for a friend.
This is ridiculous! How can this happen if the American people dont agree. What can I do?
How are they doing that? Who is permitting it?
@dennismSTL @SenateGOP STOP THEM.
please stop them!
Sen. Warren, thank you for your fight to protect us. It's nice to have someone on our side.
YUP TRUMP KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING HE HAS RYAN IN HIS POCKET AND THE TURTLE AS WELL!
It's a slippery slope down; and the bottom's coming up fast. #TheResistance
lawless GOP
@cantfiggeritout @SenateGOP Wrote to my 2 Senators to call for paperwork/financial disclosures/work history.What else can we do?
DO SOMETHING! we are right behind you.
I am just getting started. Soon you'd be tired of winning!
why did we let this happen
just do ur damn job
the most crooked government ever that is how history will look at the Republican prty as they gut America for the rich
#SenWarren #SenNelson #SenBooker #SenSanders Why is this being allowed to happen, circumventing the usual practices?
what can I do to help with this? Who do we call etc. and thanks fighting for all of us
@finbarvano @SenateGOP Just because my nominees are rich certain politicos wasn't to tear them down. Sad day for billionaires.
we know what they're doing. We will fight nominees every step of the way!
The American people expect thoroughly vetted nominees or NO VOTE. Usurping the process is NOT acceptable. Do your job!
And of course you asked the same of the Obama administration. Right?
Get lawsuits ready, put on notice of intent to represent majority of US voters! #TheResistance to #70YRSaCon
boo hoo you snowflake.  You lost get over it.
@SenSchumer The new cabinet confirmations are all about #Optics or in this case #opticalillusions #slowthehearings @SenateGOP
How can this happen? The foxes are getting into the chicken coop, with their greedy hands on all our money.
SIMPLY FOLLOW THE RULES!  ethics are important.  You are only thinking about your own BANK ACCOUNT.  SAD! SAD! #resist
Maybe if you guys in Congress will do your job properly then their would be not conflicts.  Accountability.
HRC had no such conflicts, right? Or the corruption discovered in DNC? What about that? Crickets!
- you have failed the over & over. You didn't support them during congresses certification. When will the left learn?
@SenateDems you know what to do - filibuster everything. and #NoTrumpJudges unless he nominates Merrick Garland
how can.this be stopped. Who.is the authority to stand up and say no?
go after @DrJillStein for pocketing $2m in recount money!
note to PochahontASS return to your teepee  and reload your crack pipe it's Empty Like Your Head! @realDonaldTrump #airhead
@garyldeaton @SenateGOP they haven't even completed background checks - Just say NO!
Keep it up, Senator Warren -- thousands are behind you!
why fast-track unless you have something to hide?
All this will be discussed in the Wednesday press conference. If he doesn't cancel, I am sure it will be his last.
Do not allow it to happen.
Never have I been so frightened by the future of our country. Why does Trump think his cabinet choices are acceptable?
they shouldn't be allowed to get away with it.  They must be stopped.
Easy, Squaw. No need to start campaigning for a couple of years.
The GOP is complicit in treason -call them out on it
keep it up goober.. help make a super majority in 2 years
who makes sure millionaires in the Senate don't have conflicts of interest?
OK Pocahontas keep believing that ~ lets look into YOUR and BFF Hildabeast "special interest and pay to plays" 
wondering why one set of rules for GOP and another for everyone else?  Hypocrisy much?  One ethics standard for all!!!
wondering what GOP would have done if role reversed with Clinton nominees. Me thinks they'd be screaming bloody murder
then stop them!!!!!
as long as we block Scott Pruitt I'll be happy. The other ones suck but we can get over it. #EPA
Tell me about it, no one saw this coming from POTUS, he is a desastes,he is shameless & everything he did is unethical
Breaking News from The Women Who Lied To Get Where She Is!  #fauxcahontas
Can't wait for 2018, GOP Super-majority after the unethical and downright childish behavior of the Dems, DEFINITE!
Of course they are. Make sure the normally weak Dems grow a backbone and fight it. Earn leftist trust back!

#AmericaForSale Gives New Meaning to "Vetting" or Is It Perjury???
On 13 January 2009, #Hillary2016 made promises for transparency at the @ClintonFdn and @StateDept. None were kept. 
And you claimed that you are native American.. I'm doing everything I can to stop your re election
awww 2bad- so sad
And u became a millionaire by lying about race and on the back of taxpayers
the @SenateGOP & @peotus do not believe c-o-i and ethics are Bigly issues. So much for #DTS ... Beware the #TrojanTrump
The GOP clearly signaled their views on ethics the first day of the session. There will be corruption as never before.
About  time we got "real" business people running things-Politicians FAILED-I hope your Native American Lie is proven
This is something you should of thought of when you endorsed the only candidate who couldn't beat Trump.
#HillarySuperdelegate
one word: Minority!
@MarkPare5 @SenateGOP  SO WHAT IS THE SENATE GOING TO DO?  Allow the law to be ignored?
something needs to be done please DEMs stand up and start fighting.
Poco-Haunt-Us wants a bunch of political hacks to run the country, academics and politics, where the losers hide
Please do not let them push these through, most of them are not qualified and have conflicts of interest.
0>><<7
#GOP is up to their corrupted dishonest ways,which shows their interest isn't the country but themselves,up to no good as usual.
can't we bypass inauguration and go straight to impeachment  same medicine #trumpprotest #Trumpwasamistake
That goes for the PEOTUS also.
@CharismaMolotov @SenateGOP Unacceptable, needs to b stopped! GOP knows these nominees have things to hide ergo GOP corrupt
@SenFeinstein @SenSchumer Why is Sen Cardin on MSNBC acting weak on Tillerson on MSNBC! Tillerson is deep into Russia
How about HER conflicts of interest? She never talks about her dealings. She made millions, who is she kidding?
Eliz W is worth millions. Then criticizes others? She isn't relevant. PLEASe make her shut up & go away. Nasty person
Please stand up to this and show solidarity and backbone or there may be even less of you in 2 years!
Ms Warren.  Somehow u fell thru the cracks after the American Indian scam u pulled off. Be grateful and hush!!!
who died and made you god and chief contriller
don't just tweet about it be about it.  Do something to put an end to  the madness.
The president elect is not free of them. Go figure
You're gonna need a whole new committee just to keep this admin in check. They will need constant surveillance.
sorpresa sorpresa - verdad?
Stop them! What can we all do?!
USA democracy is overtaken by plutocracy and oligarchy
No, they aren't free from anything!!!
#THEBIGSHAM!!
Dear Dizzy Lizzy, all Congress is essentially exempt from conflicts of interest.
What do we do!?
The Dems have years of Republican plays to look back on and use back on them.
Bullshit!
it appears the Senate Democrats have their work cut out 4 them. Don't let the ppl down. Be thorough. We'll be watching
Please Elizabeth, stop them! Take a stand!!!
if they rush it through they hope no one will see.  This CANNOT happen!
@Airella013 @SenateGOP A lot of these folks did count on having basic back ground checks...unbelievable
Conflicts of interest.. like when you got 450K to teach a course at Harvard? I bet you were interested in that.
What can we do to stop this?  You're tweeting. What can US Citizens do?
it's a conflict of interest festival
What can we do as citizens to help ensure proper and reasonable vetting takes place??
#McCain; "an act of #war"..
Then POTUS should use the powers of his office to declare election #void on that basis.
trump is trying to put a fox in every henhouse
their acting like  prisoners  that was locked up for the last 8 years and just got released.
We need billionaires to get us out of the hole Democrats have put us in
Trump is the biggest offender and no one is doing anything so why should the cabinet nominees worry? #notmypresident
what offenses?
@SybilRobinson50 @SenateGOP aren't there rules that make this unacceptable and illegal? Or are the rules just suggestions? Act!!!
