Thank you! Cold War Submarine veteran who happens to be gay!
Why announce u r gay? Did ur propensity add value to ur fellow soldiers/sailors? Did it make u a better sailor? No, the answers r no.
Does this answer our question? Want to be smug, arrogant, superior and judge me some more?  You a Pharisee?
Don't engage me scripturally. U will not win.
All you have is hate and judgment, Talibangelical.
I don't hate homosexuals. That is not an accurate assessment. I tolerate, but I will not affirm.
If you "tolerate."  You'd remain silent. You judge and try to convict via your Talibangelic perversion of Christ's message. Not Tolerance.
BC of your knowledge of scripture, u will b held 2 a higher standard by Him. U know better.
The enemy doesn't care about identity politics.  It's greatest strength is the training and dedication of our soldiers.
The enemy keeps THEIR BLOODLINES PURE.
Men and women only!?  I guess my fellow androgynes don't matter to you.  Bigot!
Cock holsters
Ma'am, you know zilch, zero, nada about the military or its strength. Don't pose as if you do.
Didn't work out too well in Yugoslavia; or Iraq, etc;  Diversity is divisive;
Our strength is in working together for a common good
How is the military's diversity its greatest strength? Please explain.
What a meaningless thing to say. The military is not about diversity.
Really, Your So Anti-Military.. Just Shove it.

It's a Job, not a #LifeStyle Choice!

#AmericaFirst #MAGA
"Don't be lulled...don't be fooled...stand up to what is right..it's a " spiritual war going on!"-preach n say the TRUTH."
The Salem witch trials were MA's greatest strength. If they were reconvened, you'd be the star defendant.
First you pretended to be a Native American , now you pretend to be a General. A grown woman playing cowboys and Indians. What's next?
Our military's greatest strength is it's ability to kill ppl and break things. Go home, fauxcahontas...
That's an incredibly stupid statement.
Are you saying there are only two genders @SenWarren #bigot
AMAZING THREAD OF REASONS TRANSGENDERS MUST NOT BE IN COMBAT @SenWarren et al MUST READ. Notes from a #ContemporarySoldier #NotAPolitician
We are not strong because of our diversity. We are a diverse nation because we are strong.
Another deliberately disingenuous headline. Virtue signalling with no substance.
Diversity has nothing to do with it when you have a warehouse full of Thermo-Nuclear weapons.  Now there's strength
Am-Revolutionary War diversity " Capt. John Ravill; list of crew, Oct. 17, 1780; age, 25 yrs.; 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark;  Marblehead
Really?
This is categorically false. In the military skin color and sex do not matter. What strengthens it are the leaders, training, & tools given
...the diverse military of the United States (1787 - 2026) was on the right side of history. -Galactic Encyclopedia (translated orig:Arabic)
Only those who are fit for the job should do the job.  If you're mentally unstable, imagine the damage when they return?
Don't be proud of your ignorance, it's not a good look on anybody.
"Our military force's diversity is its greatest strength" You win dumbest stmt of the decade award. We will defeat ISIS with diversity! haha
The military is not about diversity. It is about unity. Its not about you. It is about the mission. You wouldn't know that.
So you don't think they should support all our armed forces, got it

The whole 2nd part of the EW tweet
And you are as strong as the weakest link
you seem to think we have all day and a budget to run circles for those that need extra attention
shut up
Our military is not a social club experiment for rigtheousness. Where in the hell does she get off acting like some military expert
If that is greatest strength then we're in deep s**t trouble
You're new to how militaries actually work, aren't you?
Just how, exactly, is diversity a strength?  Especially when it comes to killing people? I'd love to know. It's a meaningless mantra.
We are not talking about the military - we are talking about Technology & Information Security, Risk, Compliance, & Cybersecurity people!!
'Diversity' didn't win Little Round Top or hold out in Bastogne. Strong S.O.B.s did
hahaha.   Hitler would supprt you 100 %
Pocahontas
Stop it, dear.  You don't understand the military. Leave it to those who do.
training, technology, weapons, and intel capabilities are an army's greatest strength. Diversity means dick all when it come to killin
No, our military's greatest strength are the men who can lift each other up. The military is not a place for a social marxist experiment.
she is an "indian" , right? Lol
Do you know Ms. Pokahontas how heavy is 80 kg of dead weight?
This isn't a Rotary Club meeting, it's an overwhelming killing force ma'am
You seem to be a genuinely good person, which is a rarity in politics. With that said, this statement is incredibly ignorant.
Wow, how to put this?
Fighting capability, not diversity, is a military's greatest strength.

You got the second half, so 50% which is an F?
#WindTalkers
You don't know much about the military. Diversity is divisive, Military is unity & discipline. Peace is thru superior fire power.
you're a fool
Diversity is always said to be a strength. No one ever says why.  The results seem to differ...
Fyi...Michael Savage got his butt kicked in a Marin County restaurant last week.
Wow, it figures you people are happy when a 75 year old man gets beaten up.
You don't know a goddamn thing about the military, Pocahontas.
as if you care about our Military
The adults in the government need to realize that we are under assault from both Russia and Dominionism ( Pence).
I suppose weapons, training, motivation, morale, experience, level of professionalism doesn't fit into her equation.
Communist tripe.
Of all the dumb things this hack has said, this is up there! Jets, Tanks, Aircraft Carriers > snowflake policies.
Our military force's diversity is its greatest strength. The Army Secretary must show genuine support for ALL of our men & women in uniform.
Hmmm guess who designed many of those things, I'll give you three chances
1.) Not a snowflake 
2.) Not a snowflake 
3.) Not a snowflake
Her stupidity never fails to impress. She will make us miss HRC.
We're supporting the men and women of the military. The ones in question are those confused on who or what they are.
See I thought it was their ability to project force quicker and further than anyone else.
Keep talking, genius.
Cc: @GScottSays
You are misinformed, @SenWarren 
Our Congress has always fully backed misogyny and racism. See a few examples.
Good Lord HOW can one NOT know the House and Senate are oceans deep in misogyny & racism and always have been?
People prefer averting their eyes.
Averting their eyes does NOTHING to correct the problems.   Does NOTHING to improve the lives of women and children. Just Empowers abusers
You asked.  Your response suggests if people knew, they would act.
Not so.  People lazy.  Remember the 80-20 rule.
But the current situation with PCBH doesn't help any.
Yes, our racist federal government intent on flooding our country with non whites.  How racist of them.  It's like you people don't think
Of course, how the other 99.7% of servicemen and servicewomen feel is totally irrelevant, only promoting the bizarre matters.
I wish more people were aware that over 31% of enlisted personnel are minorities.  Thanks for pointing out their sacrifice
In the military, women get drastically lower physical requirements in basic training, if they are truly equal, make them do what the men do.
The pt requirements go beyond basic training.Ex:Biologically, men have stronger respiratory systems-women have very strong abdominal muscles
Are you trying to lose your presidential bid before you even announce?
Forced diversity is military's greatest weakness. Like a law school hires an otherwise unqualified professor based on ethnicity, fake or not

Real Americans are being tortured.
Oh, and what exactly is your service record that would give you such insight into our military culture?
The Army Secretary needs to train them to fight and win. Not coddle them with safe spaces. Equality is just that. None are diffferent.
Men, men trained to fight. Men who stare death in the eye and dont flinch. You dont know anything about bravery or honor. Retire
Spoke from someone who has NEVER SERVED! There is no DIVERSITY in a fox hole! CONFORM TO THE UCMJ...PERIOD!!! #Veterans we need assistance..
Hey Lying Lizzie aka Fauxchauntus aka Liawatha what the hell do you know about the military? U care more about crimaliens than vets. U suck
Of course,you were never in it,and have no concept of the insane physical and mental demands required to be close to prepared for combat.
You're full of crap old lady.
shut up....In the military, there is no diversity. That's literally how we're trained. Obviously you wouldn't know that.
@BillKristol 

Doesn't anybody question this absurdity of Diversity = Strength? People say it w/o having a clue.

#DiversityIsOurDownfall
Its a misconception of diversity for its own sake rather than unifying on common values.
Pocahontas is delusional and hysterical as usual
No diversity isn't our greatest strength in the military. Our ability to ignore diversity and get the job done is our strength.
Weird. I thought those predator drones had more to do with it.
Wrong, again - as usual.
Since when have you ever given a damn about our service members and our veterans?
Only when orange orangutan spoke they pretended that that was their goal 
  all along !
Maybe you should do some time in the service. Greatest strength is our Leadership and ability to destroy the enemy. Strength through Power!
anyone in uniform must be crazy, volunteering to go fight oil wars, now any wars wobbly wig @realDonaldTrump wants to kill them in
You've never been in the military, have you Liz?
Then why does Israel reject diversity so fiercely?
Our Army Secretary needs to lead our military to DESTROY Islamic Supremacists. PERIOD. Not Do "SocialJustice" crap, clueless Pocahontas
Greatest strength? Hence the complete ineffectiveness of the Roman armies, Imperial Japanese army, the American Revolutionary Army I guess?
Only men and women? Could you try to not be a bigot for one day?
No.  No she can't.  It's like the story of the frog and the scorpion.  It's in her nature
A Democrat...making something about race......scoop me up off the floor
Nah, it's probably the bombs and jets
You know this with all of your military experience......
did you just exclude the other 37 different genders?
Our differences is what we have in common!
Our Military's strength comes from what makes it a unified force. 

But then again, other than photo opsn how often do you talk military?
man you libs sure are boring. play the same record over and over. we're great because we're superior in every way.
My father was lifetime military. You know what he would say?That woman is an idiot.
Your definition of diversity is not the true meaning of diversity. You want military to be a social experiment, not a lethal killing machine
This makes me so glad that you're not in control of the military!
The focus on "diversity" is killing our nation.  We need qualified patriots, here to serve our nation & not liberal agendas.
Madam, you are clueless.
Good grief! How does a person so ignorant get elected? What does this say about her constituents?
How is this strength measured in how big your virtue signal is?
The military's greatest strength is its ability to coordinate land, air, sea, space and cyberspace operations to kill America's enemies.
Fauxcahontas is insane, no two ways about it.
I forget who was more diverse during WWII...was it the Allies or the Axis?
OK, ok. That absolutely does it. You are a Loon. Go home, you're crazy.
No, it's their training and their guns, but nice try
No, our strength is our strength, you dope.
#Diversity doesn't strengthen anything. Stop with the pshyco babble.
Diversity for its own sake is pointless and illiberal.  What is wrong with you people?
If that's its greatest strength, then we are fucked.
Yes, you are a moron!
Men & women?  Just 2 genders?  Have at her social justice warriors.
China isn't diverse at all. They have biggest military and an economy about to surpass ours in the near future.
Lol no, hardware and training is our military's strength. Nice try though.
I figured its greatest strength was its training and ability to work as a unit. I didn't realize it was the diverse backgrounds of its ranks
I thought it was the nuclear weapons.
Nope. It's definitely the fact that they're different colors and sexual orientations. The heterodoxy confuses the orthodox enemy, you see.

"Men & Women" ???? Just the "Men & Women" .... Wow @SenWarren you are clearly bigoted and small minded . There's way more than 2 genders ...

I see what you're saying, and I'm right there with you.
Lol you assume correctly 
Yeah. Because in 2017 it so common that only white, male soldiers get support. The generic, ludicrous, virtue signaling is old Liz.
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASEPLEASE YOU need to tell me what do you drink to say things like this PLEASEPLEASE #warrenstupidstatement109890
Dangerous fraud
Yes diversity scares our enemies! What a ridiculous statement!
Diversity doesn't = Strength. Training, technology, and unity of purpose that ignores "diversity" that does. #EndStupidity #ResignWarren
Yes @SenWarren the #USmilitary is very diverse! Ummm...not really.
No Elizabeth. Race/gender/religion/orientation don't determine the strength of the military. How are you this moronic?
You know nothing,  the military strength is in  team work not the strength of the individual.  Shows how much you know
Our military's greatest strength is the weapons we produce for them and the training they get to use them.
Yikes dude
Like you support all Native Americans by lying about who you are to get into Harvard?
Diversity is the armed forces greatest strength and global warming is our biggest threat. My God! There is no hope!
Yes, and the ebony awards would be better if it was more diverse...add white people, and Americans indians.   Also, Nigeria is toooo black..
Its greatest strengths are training, weapons, and superior leadership/strategy. Good thing you're not commander in chief!
Yeah when I was in the service I was always reminding my troops to "stay diverse" 
This entity consumed in stupidity has no idea what the hell she is saying 90% of the time. The other 10% we aren't paying attention to.
Please shut yr pie hole. Our military's greatest strength are its ppl and the training they receive. W/o it this country is defenseless.
Would you please just shut up. You have lost all credibility when you lied about being a Native American. Your pathetic !!
@DeploredWarrior wrong!!  It's acting as a single, cohesive entity with a willingness to meet and challenge "adversity" ...
.@SenWarren Actual diversity or Warren-esque fabricated diversity for personal gain?
Diversity is not our military's highest priority. Defeating the enemy is. Please don't inject your progressive POV on our military.
You are really PC to the point of being ludicrous.
You're not going to be POTUS.  Stop embarrassing the USA.
I'm pretty sure that having the biggest defence budget in the world is the military's greatest strength. And if you're honest, so do you.
no the only must is destroy our enemies
Wtf are you talking about!!!
Our military force's honor and training is its greatest strength. 
Let go of #DiversityObsession
The military is not a social experiment in diversity.
Training and equipment probably work as well.
No, it's greatest strength are the actual, state of the art, weaponry and training.
No the military 'a greatest strength is its training, its quality and its readiness and honor
How is military diversity a strength ? Be specific professor
This is the dumbest thing I've ever read....isn't an atomic bomb way more powerful than diversity?
Please explain just how "diversity" is an armed forces' "greatest strength".
