Tonight I’m joining @SenateDems on the floor to fight (again) to save Americans’ health care. Watch live now: https://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?publish_id=20 …
Another American HERO LEADER SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN ~THANK YOU
So single payer which will cost the taxpayers trillions so we can wait MONTHS for medical treatment is your big solution? That is heartless!
You have been lied to, and are fighting for healthcare that you will not be able to afford. Most civilized countries have universal hc
Thank
Ms warren, you are the one who is heartless
Not a health plan it's a tax cut for the millionaires!
Elizabeth Warren, you need to get out of congress because you are out of touch with the every day person.
@DNC jammed it down the throats of every American that didn't want to change their plans or their doctors! Again, do you see the hypocrisy?
Yep it's just as bad as OvomitCare, except Ocare is worse!  REPEAL/REPLACE OvomitCare and not with socialized garbage!
We're getting all the government wealthy GOP donors can BUY. Money talks - taxpayers get hammered
Heartless is making millions pay over the top insurance/ deductibles or fined. So others get it free. That is COMMUNISM!
Health "indifference" plan.
Give us your health care! Bet you don't wait months!
Thank you for telling like it is. Can't believe C-G can even be considered as realistic!
Really at least they are doing something about it, why don’t you get off your butt and help fix it , instead of trying to get votes
They are doing NOTHING about it, other than trying to get more profits for their donors
I just I don't understand why Republicans want to hurt Americans what are they going to get out of it?  This is cruel and Inhuman.
They want tax cuts at any cost.  And not for the middle class, for the 1%.
#GrahamCassidySucks. Going HARSHER worked last time in Congress. Will McCain say yes now that his BFF Lindsey asked?
Old news Sen Warren. I wish all of the country would wake up and see where all the money for this cause is really going to. The liers club.
Just lvmm for my VA Sen Kaine & Warren urging to reject Graham-Cassidy bill. 202-224-3121 will let you LVM for any US senator. Will cont
Can majority of americans band together and sue republican party for electing unqualified, inexperienced 45 as their candidate?
It's an even greater horror!

No ACA repeal.

Dump Corrupt Profeteering Trump Pence Ryan McConnell Paul all GOP Dem Reps voting ACA repeal
heartless...still trying to push GOP as heartless??? try a new line some day
Liar evil creature out to bankrupt country to buy votes Warren loves Venezuela
Hey fake Indian no one cares what you have to say until you announce leaving the Senate!!
Affordable care is working and has not failed at all 
You have to be talking  about the original  you jammed down our throats.
Liz your so stupid its sad
Need to change name of health care bill so 44 name isn't on it, that is why Trump wants it dead . If you called it diamond plan DT will love
Yes please do!

Like u did Obamacare
Do you care about the millions broke with no usable insurance after paying for others? Were dying and Democrats don't care!!
I have no affordable insurance because of obamcare, deductible and premium so high I have nothing!!!! Sick but can't use it!!!!!
People in Massachusetts want it do what your told your their to represent us not make yourself rich oh ya you want Plymouth Rock removed too
@BillCassidy needs to do some soul searching and resign
Which they will get away with!Mien Kampf Trump &Swamp Rats are above all laws!Years DJT spent law suits!Still given Presidency 2 destroy!
Just say it's a bad bill, period. And leave it at that.
They don't want health care, they want a win which is sad
True. The worst kind of people are those who take advantage of sick people. Sad.
You won me over with your work/view  on credit reporting and antitrust violation. ........pursue health care with equal passion
just convince Collins to vote no
Why did you vote in favor of the $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
@SenateGOP = zombie apocalypse. The undead keep coming back
Like ACA, you crammed down our throats?
Leaving millions unprotected in the world's wealthiest country is less than shameful
Just give up repeal. Fix Obamacare. Quit trying to erase obama from the earth do what's good for America not republican revenge. Grow up
We got to clean up this goddamn mess the GOP created I know just how to do it. Michelle Obama and Elizabeth Warren 2020
Vote No to Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill.
Stand strong!
Can we get 100,000 people to kindly tweet a Please vote NO on Cassidy-Graham to  @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain ?
Can we get 100,000 people to kindly tweet a Please vote NO on Cassidy-Graham to  @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain ?
Done.
Better than obummercare. You backed a plan to bankrupt its citizens while you didnt have to.  Now you complain..hmmmmm
Like you and your fellow democrats crammed the ACA!! Remember "we have to pass it to see what's in it" statement?
Ok. So what are the Democrats going to Do? The people are marching and, calling.
Why am I not surprised?? OLD LOSERS!! They have health care, who gives a damn about The People.
George, what are you thanking this woman for? She never did a thing. She supported Hillary, another thift and liar. Warren have no morals
If anyone tried to jam things down our throats that was Obama and his entire team including you.
Yes! But it's less of a "health care" plan than an @GOP campaign finance scheme:
Like you and your ilk crammed obamacare down our throats? Had perfectly good care until you started messing with it, now can't afford it
How would you know you don't have heart! You are against everything that is presented! Do you represent the people or just your own agenda!!
https://www.votervoice.net/mobile/NATIONALCOUNCIL/Campaigns/54414/Respond …
Go get them Senator!!!
It said Donald Trump is going to Venezuela just to try to get there a while somebody stop that person it's crazy
This must not pass. We've come to far. But, not far enough. We need single payer.
Thank you Senator Warren.
I think Obamacare was the version that was shoved down Americans throats.  It did not work and still does not work.  The nonpayers love lt.
Hey Pocahontas, heartless was the lies of Barry O and the ones you told about keeping plans and keeping doctors. What plan do you have?

"health NO care"
Heartless would be fining ppl who can't afford insurance for not having it. You know, like the aca?
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting this for us!!
Please fauxcahontas, tell us more how the aca is affordable, since Congress is exempt from it and all
After all the bitching they did a/b how ACA was done, they're not holding serious hearings, CBO won't score in time, & done on Recon bill! 
Well Sen Warren you and your party jammed Obamacare down  the American people's throats and with lies.
What are you saying it's a lie? Like you and being Native American??? There is proof you lied don't see any on the bill.
As long as the rich don't shame to be rich in a poor society every social project will be a mountain to move. Good luck from Germany!
Great to see you fight so hard to save a system that you know is failing and hurting America and Americans.
Try it with a spoonful of sugar.
You forgot that people will die.
GOP refuses to discuss with Dems. Their way or no way!
Well if the Obamacare is so wonderful why don't you have it.
I'm glad we have you to fight for us!
They just don't get it keep fighting Senator
Says the Shephard to the sheep.
The ACA was a tremendous burden on American middle class families and should be repealed and replaced ASAP
You have sold your soul to the devil.  Why would anyone trust you wont do the same thing again. Making deals with Trump is foolish.
Evil is as evil does!!
Thank you Madame President-to-be
Who jammed Obamacare down our throats?????
Oh like your obamacare??!!
The @GOP are all heartless individuals who care only about themselves.  This will not end unless we throw every republican out of office.
Tell us about your heritage without jamming it down are throats
Glad my mental health medication is a political football...but yet I can get an AR-15...keep telling urselves ur doing right @SenateGOP
Got any better ideas Ms 1%er ? 
Punishes seniors, pre-existing, and blue states. Vote No: Sens McCain, Collins, Toomey, Portman, Rubio, Murkowsi, & Scott.
It's actually worse. I've called Cotton and Boozman, they don't care.
...says a 1 percenter...dictating to her serfs.
You like the ACA that was made a tax because only way to get it. You dems are such hypocrites.  I'm tired of paying for the lazy. Get a clue
Like u jammed obamacare down our throats?
All government employees should have to have Obamacare. It will get fixed in 30 days.
It sounds a lot like the plan MA has had for years and you supported
You need to get a clue and retire
It sounds just like you of heartless and same old plan of nothing! Get a job at Mc Donald's that way they can suffer!
Here's an idea make the 60%sitting on their butts go to work to help us that PAY THE BILLS!
Thank you for once again caring enough to continue the fight.
Keep up the good fight!
Well when are the Democrats standing up and fix this health care system until we can get rid of the Repubs Senate
Stop being sore losers
Killing our healthcare is an inhumane show of power, not of strength. It's persecution of the poor, sick and disadvantaged.
Don't fall for this. Many of Trumps supporters will be hurt.
I understand that they could pass this without one dem vote.  True?
Yes.  It's true.
Ok well Rand Paul is a hard NO all that's needed are 2 more no's.  Get on the phones.
Stop trying to jam down communist doctrine down American citizens throats. Stop trying to rob Peter to pay Paul. Stop betraying Americans.
What is ur problem Warren. U jammed Obama care down our throats, or did u forget this fact my
Why are you exempt from ObamaCare if you think ObamaCare is so good?
Just like the one we got jam down our throats by Obama
When you are president  (I pray) make single payer universal healthcare your first priority please.
Then stop it please. The repubs are ridiculous. The American ppl DO NOT WANT TO LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE. What don't they understand about it?!




Thanks for fighting for the average American while Trump takes care of the rich.
STOP THIS BS HEALTH CARE BILL THAT HURTS AMERICANS!  Stop the BS!
I know this is important. I have made my calls/emails, but tRump's UN speach has my head spinning....
I wish they would just leave it alone!! Being disabled makes each day hard enough without this to worry over.
just want to thank you and all the senator's that have taken up the fight against repeal and replace.
NJ
Oh!! Then it's not cruel to have everyone's premiums and deductibles skyrocket??
I Hope you can stop it
We appreciate you immensely & all your efforts!
You've got that right!
It's unacceptable
Cassidy-Graham, would cause old people to avoid doctors visits for fear that a listed disease will be discovered and their rates would rise
The allowed time for discussion in the Senate will be 90 seconds!
That is 90 minutes!
Be tough and stand strong! Thank you.
thank you for continuing to stand up for the people EW!
Maybe if we the people take their health care and leave then like so many US citizens with out.
U r not one of us,lady.U have special privilege for life!!!!we don't.
Please just keep working together.
Work with Murkowski, Collins, and McCain to defeat this bill. Despite Cassidy's promise, it doesn't pass the Jimmy Farrell test. 
Sorry, Jimmy Kimmel
Like they say, you can put lipstick on a pig
Love Liz, thanks for being there for us. They want to kill the elderly, babies and the poor
You mean ram it down our throats like you Democrats did with Obamacare?!?
Keep up your good fight.
Get behind @BernieSanders plan then and pass it
Wake up America! The Republican Party is a terrorist organization! #GOPTerrorists
@LALS01 @SenateGOP We call GOP Double Speak so called Health Care Plan POLITE GENOCIDE in Oklahoma
Stay strongly opposed please
WHY don't all Americans get the same health insurance that you have.whats your deductable? what's your copay?
Don't you ever go away, you will never be president , get over it poco
U an ur whole party r fine ones to be talking about jaming health care down americas throat. "We have to pass it before we know what's in it
They have NO SHAME, and are heartless. What a deplorable combination.
Seriously like you didnt cram Obama care down our throats
You mean like Obama care?!
How much are you worth today versus before politics. If the answer is the same as Bernie please do explain!
Pocahontas I don't see you presenting an alternative the one you voted for is failing Bernie Boys bill would bankrupt us so go back to urTP
Make them have this coverage   Fair and just  liars shud be punished
REALITY CHECK: GOP Trying To Run Another Replacement For Obamacare Through That is Even Worse Than The Last. Must be Stopped!
And single payer isn't death panels, right Lizzy B?
MASSCARE PLEASE!
Unfortunately, the GOP has forgotten that it is a strong middle class that keeps this country running.
You are evil why not work with them on improving our current healthcare we have highest premiums and ceilings ever seen in history today

Just gonna keep leaving this here.
The government can't provide "health care." They can, however, provide REALLY expensive health insurance. This is why people hate obamacare.
We need this to stop.  @SenJohnMcCain voting for this would be an embarrassment to everything he said the last time showing weak man
Don’t fuckin talk about jamming healthcare done our throats. Y’all did that with obama care
Yes We expect nothing but heartlessness and greed.
Please seek therapy
Yes. Wasting time and . Calling it "ObamaCare" when that's not its name. Propaganda. #ACASavesLives #MedicareForAll 
#GOPropaganda
Liz, with that said you must have eaten a lot of Obama ACA BS for the last 8 years! Yum yum!!!!!
hi dear friend
Please vote against this atrocity!
How do people get elected when they want less equality in GOV? Do they not realize they are playing with people's lives?
Full of Hot Air
Seriously, why do these 70+ year old men get to choose what Healthcare should be like for people when they might have #20yearsleftonEARTH
& if they are only going have #20yearsleftonEARTH why do these 70+yo men get all the $ to hand down to their families,not USA investments?
@IndivisibleLV @Indivisible_Sum @IndivisibleTeam @indivisiblephx @IndivisibleReno @indivisiblesea @IndivisibleTUS @indivisibleHOU #hellerNO
It takes a special kind of awful person to put their name on a bill that would devastate some many lives. #ACA
