I disagree!! Gorsuch is as close to unbiased as we will get! Confirm and move on to immigration/Russia/education! Quit harping!!
actually Gorsuch is very biased.Ive read many of his opinions; Im guessing u havent Robert
US people just look at them as Democrats or Republicans. Depends who side uare.
both parties collective IQ 60+,need to cross aisleto21stcenturynot  big govversus laissez faire
when u take a laissez faire position, big business stomps on rights of individuals
I am not in favor a laissez faire- rather a more balanced mix of limited gov regs/ states rights
but laissez fair means less govt regulation which means big business crushes individuals rights...
I believe 45 is doing that now.
of course you oppose, following the constitution and any laws on the books the democrats don't agree with.
I can damn well guarantee you that he never lied about his ethnic background to get a job over more qualified candidates.
As a Socialist, I may not agree with everything she has said or done but to say she isn't qualified is ridiculous.
Read what I said, Karl. She lied to distinguish herself from other candidates. It was calculated and a fraud.
regardless of qualifications all Dems have to vote no because of Garland
there's no such thing. He made a floor speech that if a Justice stepped down in the last months of an administration, the nominee needed
I did. That's how I know it was just some rhetoric, made at a time when it wasn't even an issue. There was no vacancy at that point.
there was never going to be a situation where there was an opening on the court for a minimum of a year.
it happened, though.
yeah completely ridiculous I hope not one Dem votes for this guy Im super tired of these evil lying cheating traitors winning
Well sorry but looks like Gorsuch is getting the position. Those darn lobbyists.
Yeah, companies never get sued in frivolous law suits. He's more qualified than our "affirmative action" justice who hates white people
Right! We need another liberal hack to help the liberal progressive idiots.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenRandPaul  It is a crime against the people to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch. Change the nominee—not the rules.
What about abusive Senators?
...said the Demoquack. You'd rather have a liberal try to legislate from the bench. Gorsuch has a stellar judicial record.
Boo to you...the law is the law....
Pocahontas-It's a Judges job to follow LAW! It's your job to change the Laws!
Y did the Democrats groan when Trump said he wanted to help American citizens that were victims of illegal aliens crimes
As a Mass. Taxpayer I want Judge Gorsuch confirmed.  He's honest and fair.
it's better than tilting it in you favor.
go play with yourself pocohanis thats all you are good for you prob cant do that right
And it's Merrick Garland's seat.
Especially when Obama has already nominated someone for the job. Since they waited 1 year, they can wait another 4 years.
, surprised because Obama approved of him.
Thankyou Senator ! I am with you!
What we don't need is another liberal in power who doesn't seem to grasp the concept of separation of powers.
IH MY GOD!!!  And Trump DOES?!?!  SMDH
Gorsuch does.
Warren: Delay Gorsuch vote because of Russia investigation http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/325096-warren-delay-gorsuch-vote-because-of-russia-investigation … KOCH all in w/ Gorsuch appointment cookie Jar
vote for Gorsuch or get voted out of office... Start doing your job and not playing libtard card...
agree Senator
@JamesABobo Gosh, that means now he won't make it?
Of course you do, is there anything you can name that you do support that Trump has done?
what has he done to be supported. Nothing.
No, but we should have allowed another leftist judge who is anti 2A, right?
You didn't before. Remember a unanam. decision.
you are a much lower individual than he ever could be!!! And you're judging him??? We strongly oppose you
WE CERTAINLY DON'T NEED ANOTHER JUSTICE WHO LEGISLATES FROM THE BENCH
thank you Sen Warren!
that's what the Koch Brothers want. That and end the EPA. Answer there prayers
The nominee for Supreme Court Justice is well qualified for this job. He loves his country and will follow the laws of the Constitution!
Thank you for being willing to filibuster his nomination and hopefully you can keep McConnell from using the nuclear option.
you used to support him. He hasn't changed. You are a hypocrite
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch. I am watching the confirmation and he's being careful in his response. Very neutral responses
Respectfully, ideological opp. to Gorsuch will fail. No Trump nom. until Garland hearings, Nor until Russia investigation ends.
Dems who voted FOR Gorsuch in 2006: Obama, Biden, Hillary Clinton, John Kerry, Feinstein, Leahy, Durbin, Chuck Schumer, etc etc
Because you need it to tilt in YOUR Favor!!  You people are Pathetic!!
We The People strongly oppose Pocahontas' representative!
@loveable conservative    We The People strongly oppose Pocahontas' representative!
Gorsuch is like 3 characters from the  WizOfOz rolled n2 1: No , no brain, no courage.

Verdict: #NotSCOTUSWorthy
Absolutely Elizabeth. Stand strong. Trump is learning that he can't have everything he wants
don't do this! Republicans are drowning in health care bill! Let's ride the momentum!
Democrats dont need another judge to tilt things in their favor we need someone like Justice Scalia on the bench no more Liberals
The giant companies are in your pocket along with special interest groups. Rather you are on the hook to them!
hold fast do not confirm him - the seat was stolen
You mean, giant "corporations" like the Democrat Party!? Or just the corporations you don't like.
Your constant negative tweets are so tiresome. A steady diet of negativity and pessimism is not good for your health.
strongly opposed" Is that how this works? 
Should we, or should we not follow the advice of the galactically stupid #AFewGoodMen
We need a judge that will uphold the CONSTITUTION and not the political views of sellout politicians.
Thank you!
After hearing that "Frozen Trucker" story, I think there should be no such Gorsuch. #Trump #Fail
thank you Senator Warren. This is the right decision for the country!
And the country does not need another hateful person like you in congress.
Don't lawmakers make laws which is the legislative branch last I checked.  You guys make the laws!
What hv Giant Cos's and the LAW to do with anything?Law is not made to benefit Co's, n the S.Ct does not make the law,Congress ds
No one cares what you have to say Pocahontas. We're busy making America great again. Get lost.
wow quite a leap there Fauxcahontis. u know what is in someones heart & mind, what a gift you possess u twit
, We need you to keep opposing! Thank you.
I glad you not liking him I don't like the ruling he made for the trucker that almost froze to death, nope not justice material
hey fakeahontus, you supported #Killary when she was under FBI  investigation? Your insane hate for Trump makes me love him  more
@CasablancaRic Coincidently I don't believe in the senate because it tips the balance to elitist favor.
Its not his turn!  Make them get 60 votes...
you cannot support this comment with facts. We The Citizens want someone who will enforce our Constitution not your ideas.
you should be ashamed of your self and would go down in history as the worst democrats against the president of the USA.
The nomination should be held up cnsidrng the crcmstnces surrounding Trump. #IndependentInvestigation
Exactly Sen Warren. Keep saying that.
Trump could nominate a Saint and you would find a problem. Why don't you start worrying about your re-election you'll need too.
People must have their say in who next Justice will be. Only 1/3 of Senate were up for re-election in 2016. Must wait until 2020!
he doesn't write the laws...he only upholds the crap lobbyists pay you to pass
You are a total joke!
think of the alternatives though. Who knows who trump will come up with?
Filibuster the Gorsuch SCOTUS nomination. Remember Merrick Garland!
@astrafandango Then don't allow his confirmation!!!
@TheDudeSeesAll You are absolutely Terrible your a do nothing person for your Voters
@evdawg9000 Disgraceful excuse for a Senator.
worse than lying is promoting Satanists pedophiles 
This outrage coming from a woman who claims to be of American Indian heritage, which has been proven false. Really??? @SenWarren
.....DO YOUR JOB AND LOOK AT "ALL" HIS WORK PROCESS, NOT JUST THE VERY FEW THAT FIT YOUR CORRUPED VIEW OF THE HNOR. MR. GORSECH.
IM-PEACH THE ORANGE!!!
stolen seat that should have gone to Judge Garland. Filibuster!
Thank you.
that nomination was stolen from President Obama.
I strongly oppose you making a fool out of your self but that don't stop you. You FOOL.
Amen to that#
We need a supreme court justice that can separate church and state!!!!!
Amen and despite what Gorsuch keeps claiming,  I don't see him capable or willing to stand strong against Trump!!!!
Unlike democrats, republicans don't make EVERYTHING political.
you know a thing or two about tiliting things in your favor, eh?
I'm sorry, but I just disagree with you. Judges shouldn't be ruling based on their beliefs/politics, but on the law. Period.
you crazy luenatic. No one wants to hear from you.  We the people voted President Trump to office. We the people want Gotsuch!!!
isn't a nut case, left wing spastic like yourself. Instead, we have a brilliant man, incredibly qualified. get back to your dung
Look in the mirror Pocahontas. You would argue the person you see in the mirror is not qualified. You are whining that Gorsuch
@JuddApatow Absolutely surpass the Repube stalling record, since this is the last year of stains presidency. Their rule.
Sen. Warren, thank you for opposing Gorsuch. I believes he is biased in several ways. Please stop the hearings.
@hshanehammond he's not horrid, but not quite right...Plus #stolenseat  I think this should shut down til we know what's going on
I am strongly opposed to you and trouble making tactic because you are sore loser.  you are so hateful.
we all strongly opposed your not native Pocahontas ass and sadly your still around with no muzzle.
there is absolutely NO proof of your claim, your just upset that Hillary lost
The hearings should be postponed as this POTUS is under FBI investigation.
move on Pocahontas's and change to decaf. You run around like your on speed
Gorsuch has a stellar reputation!  Your feminism really fears his Constitutionalism!
@Lyanhala Well, good, Senator but what is the plan to stop this nomination? A stolen seat shouldn't be rewarded and handed to GOP
We dont need another liberal justice either
can you present yourself as a professional or hush
why not? Obama and his cronies have been doing it for years. Your just mad Killary lost.
because judges, and AG's, apptd by Dems show no bias. 
Okay, with this one you have confirmed that you are a politcal hack and just nuts.
Amen
yes let's nominate a homeless person
you've got lyin eyes saw it in Springfield lie lie lie your a phony
o yes we do you dems and libs would destroy this country,remember you all lost and for good reason and that was the court.
Not one single Democrat should vote to confirm Gorsuch.
We The People don't want your anti-American, Globalist views either, Warren! Your twisting what Comey said and you know it. Liar
I strongly oppose you ,. put him through ,or are you saying you are better then me,. i pay you ,you do what I want you to do
hey Pocahontas, give it a rest. You're losing.
@Greenow_
Seat should be open only to Garland. No hearings while POTUS investigated. And refusing to answer Qs s/b disqualifying.
you have got to be the most stupidest liar Pocahontas, you need investigation and Prosecuted! @realDonaldTrump
yea no shit cause if he gets your going down from your lies
And a few yrs ago dems were all for him 
I strongly oppose Elizabeth Warren and her Indian tie lies
Since when is following the Constitution "tilting the law"? He's not my favorite either, but your stands are totally UNlawful.
he's a big bullshitter, thinking we don't know his personal views all of them do and we know each judge and how they lean to vote
Supreme Court Justices BY LAW  are not  Supposed to MAKE Laws but to Interpret  the LAWS as they pertain to the CONSTITUTION !!!
this was the same woman that was silenced from the Senate floor..asked to sit down and shut up!!
Warren how did you get your $15 million bank rolll?..Be vocal about that, your salary doesn't add up to that!!
I still doubt the C.O.D. of Justice Scalia. Too much reason for tilting the law favorably left.
That isn't why you oppose him..it's because he's a Trump appointee..how stupid do you think we are Warren?
We don't need officials that suspend the bill of rights through NDAA renewals.  Restore Bill of Rights!
we don't need another liberal, like the ones who have been tilting in your favor either.
, you are a traitor , you need to resign , sick of your lie's
PLEASE, Madam Senator, NO VOTES ON ANYTHING UNTIL THIS PRESIDENT IS FOUND OUT!
How did you gain a networt of $15,000,000?
How did you gain a networth of $15,000,000?
Yu are a con,a liar
Thank you!
plus why all this lobbying? Something stinks here
Better get used to losing again on Gorsuch nomination
how can we end this nightmare?!?!?!
But you will leave out that Gorsuch WILL uphold our constitutional laws, much to the chagrin of those who wish to corrupt them.
Stand strong, we have your back.
How can you support ANY nomination submitted by a POTUS that is a proven/common knowledge liar. #pursuecensureforgodssake
Get the feathers off your ears.He does not favor anyone.
could you explain that to @clairecmc .
Uh, & fact that @POTUS is under invest for colluding w/foreign gov to get elected. Not enough to oppose?! #PauseThePresidency
very true!!! Resist!
Why in hell aren't the dems walking out of these hearings and using the filibuster to halt this process???  45 is under fbi!!!!
There's no justice!
American Indian Warren you don't like that he will uphold the constitution. Same thing you should be doing.  Shame on you
Oh, so that's the line of BS the crooked Dems decided on? YAWN? Got anything else, Sparky?
This has become the beginning -> of a potential End of a Remarkably Sustainable & Formally Admirable America #WENEEDAROBINHOOD
I absolutely agree. He favors large companies and he should not even be considered while 45 is under FBI  investigation
neither do we
@Standrd_Deviant Thank you Sen Warren!  You are a goddess, fighting strong from start til end. #NeverGiveUp We love you! 
If any of u would pay attention, u would throw it back at reps that you can't pick scj while out campaigning for next elect.
You left wing kooks are all political hacks, disgusting slobs that don't know/care what our constitution was intended to mean.
Thank you for opposing this nomination.
Senator Warren...I am in agreement with you.  We must resist!
all we had to do was vote...we bad
Democrats, Stand Your  Ground. Vote NO! This is a life time appointment. Associates of Trump are poison
how many clerks of his are at the supreme court - msnbc reported 11 - are other clerks etc installed from American Heritage etc?
