Laughable
Liz, you just crack me up! I say we start with you.
Hey Liz can you ask your pal Hillary Clinton and John Podesta if they know anything about #SethRich. The silence from #FakeNews is deafening
be careful. Your stupidity is really showing
This is stupid
Pres Trump is very accountable however you Liz R not. While u R  working on getting Native American Indian in ur DNA it won't be enough
Good, defend democracy, which means defend Trump being democratically elected and denounced those in deep state trying to overthrown him.
can we hold you for trying to pass off as a Indian.Why did you allow the wire taps,spying and unmasking of 35,000 people
Oh you mean like Hillary, Obama, Lynch, Comey, Podesta, Rice, Holder...should I keep going ?
@LilSouthernSass @SenWarren @AmbassadorRice @EricHolder @AGLynch @HillaryClinton The gang!
#BOStinks
When was the last time you heard a republican use the word "democracy"?
Well, It sounds like YOU missed out on Your FREE Education. Did you  really learn the USA is a Democracy? So that is why all the hysteria!

... to put it simply, your ideas on Democratic side.. of Mob Rule ... is dead in the water!  The Fate of Pres Trump is NOT in YOUR hands!
Except when your candidate wasn't voted into office lol
You are probably the type who thought Hurricane Katrina was just a thunderstorm
I mean the left isn't embracing democracy, there rebelling against it. What I say is what I say... What you say is ignorant
We are trying to save democracy from the people y'all blindly support...
That's my right to blindly support whoever I want. Whether you like it or not, that's equality. FYI I don't blindly support Trump. Trust me
I respect that...my only problem is when this person is trying to destroy our govt...evryone in his cabinet opposes what they are over
Then why did Hillary get away?
Why is Maxine Waters getting away?
Have you been asleep since May 2016? This man is litterally in bed with the Russians and worried about heresay...incrediable
....Obama was NOT "in Bed" with the Ayotola of Iran?
Im with you Elizabeth!
I would be angry too if the person I supported is under criminal investigation...
I see now read your profile you fell for identity politics you were tricked by the Democrats they don't accept your kind they use your kind
Me being gay has nothingvto do with Trump being un fit to be pres
Trump is doing a great job as president
Do you ever think before you type. You should add accountability is only for those you disagree with.
Except the woman you supported in the election because if she was accountable she'd be in prison for life.
Accountability ? Whoa what are you saying. Pocahontas!
Then why wasn't  Hillary held responsible for Benghazi???  Or the e-mail debacle???
#doublestandard
#quitwhining
By democracy I assume you mean rule by repetition of talking points from as many sources, credible or not, as possible, with snap elections.
You fake, phony, hypocrite! Stop pretending you care about democracy.
Really? Is that so? What about BHO  ?Hillary ?lois Lerner. ?Susan rice. ? I could go on
So why is it then that this FOOLISH FACSHIT, yes on purpose, is even still in office, please Elizabeth answer me this????
You keep using that word fascist. I don't think you know what it means.
fascism;an authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organization.
To make it simple TRUMP & CRONIES
Anyone pushing the false Russia collusion narrative is up to no good. Investigate them: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/investigate-every-msm-or-politician-who-push-collusion-wrussia-narrative-potus45-spite-no-evidence …
Really? Your joking right. Have you read the NY TIMES  article today on Clinton foundation corruption and uranium 1? No I thought not..
Maybe you have missed it but we are no longer a democratic nation. We have a dictator and we are under authoritarian rule.
Stop watching #FakeNews . You will be happier.
I'll pass on the blissful ignorance ... you go ahead and keep your head in the sand.
Seriously, I watched liberal media for 30 minutes and couldn't believe what they are feeding you. Turn off the TV.
No you don't! You stand for rigged primaries, voter fraud, inundation of NonUS Citizens, Gov Dependency and Marxist-Leninist Socialism
How do ignorant #politicians like yourself, @MaxineWaters and the likes keep getting #re-elected it's #unfathomable
If everyone was held accountable most of you democrats to be in prison.
. @SenWarren Perfect statement, So on the subject of accountability, can we test your #DNA ?
You are a phony from the toe to the top of the head. Zero respect for you now.
So you have respect for the traitor of the US?
No I don't.  But I don't recall him having Russians in the white house.
Instead he whispered to them that he would have more flexibility in his 2nd term.
Correct & then he & HRC sold Russia 20% of N. America's uranium supply & who got paid? The Clinton Foundation.
Bold faced lie debunked by every fact checking source in the country.
Then FIRE YOURSELF
1st off we're a Republic not a democracy. in America we have a right to overthrow a treasonous, tyrannical out of control corrupt government
Do u ever read the responses? If so, U wouldn't be so outta touch, u/ur ppl are starting a storm in this country. Maybe that's ur purpose?
Um, sure! Lets' start w/3 KNOWN criminals...#CrookedHillary, Holder, #PedoGate Weiner. Would love to see you push for their accountability.
Including you... #InvestigateWarren @POTUS @jeffsessions
Well that's a hypothetical statement. Hillary, Obama? Paying off countries, Seth Rich mysterious death
בלתי נסבלת
Unless that person is a Democratic president. Then we look the other way.
Is that statement fodder for the masses?  Because it is a lie coming out of your mouth.
You will be held accountable for your action. Investigate all politicians Russian & foriegn connections with full audits....
Actually we embrace Constitutional republic and capitalism ....democracy is mob rule & the first step toward communism if that is your goal
Then prosecute your own crooked lot..people would at least have respect for you ..instead of being a hypocrite..prosecute Hillary

Seriously, you realize how bat shit crazy you Democrats look and sound? Native you say? You're no more native than the pubic hair on my ass
HAHAHAHA. That the biggest line of BS I have heard all week. You attack those that hold up democracy and hold high those that don't.
Oh yeah we all remember this accountability...sale of uranium to Putin, whispered "flexibility" to Russian, BILLIONS of tax$$$ to Iran
You are cringeworthy Pocahontas
you will never be president stop sucking up to the moderates we're nor buying stay in our 5mil $ house and explain soc. Justice
Really? Apparently Dems have a work around don't they?
Like when Slick Willy lied under oath, was impeached and not 1 #dem voted for censure. That's right, facts don't matter to you #pocahontas!!
You're such an IDIOT...maybe Liberals can't understand what they say goes for everyone not just Republicans. I mean OMG retire you IDIOT.
Not everyone is held accountable•
Lets start here.
Seriously? 
If you believed that Debbie Wasserman Schultz/Clinton's w/be in prison right now for collusion on the nominee. Now That IS NOT fake news
Hah...you first Native American imposter...rest of your brain dead cadre next!
You're a damnable liar & treacherous traitor!
And we do that by demanding that every *"Conservative" in our government is accountable. *Edited for clarity.
Including you?
Seems Warren didn't hold Obama or Hillary accountable .
What happened Clinton, Obama need me to go on
Then it is time to bring treason charges against the dems. Dem coup to overthrow the current government.
Sit down and shut up lizzy
if only that was believable, coming from the party you are part of....
Ooooh Shut up pale face!
You mean like Benghazi? Hypocrisy is so convenient when you demand of others what you cannot personally demonstrate yourself.
I did not offer my life in service for a democracy. No better than you commies. I served this constitutional REPUBLIC w/hope u spoil.
You're an enemy of this republic.
Hahaha If that were tad bit true We wouldn't have corruption&coverups from the last Boweasel yrs.your 1 fraud link Embracen Corrupt Clinton.
Are you serious? Let's see, Clapper, Holder, Lerner, none were "held accountable" or R U just taking abt Republicans?
If #everyone is accountable as you say...
Y R U, HRC, BHO & the rest of the #obamorons #Not hanging from the neck 4 the treason u committed?
U need to hold yourself accountable crook!! Just like all the Dems!!
Liberal Dimmocrat hypocrite.
.You really should stop tweeting Pokie.  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Retire & shut up Elizabeth!! YAWN!!!!

 Tell that to #BernieSanders 
Alright, let's start digging and see what turns up on everyone in Congress. This will be fun.
If only that was true. Me thinks U speak with forked tongue!
"Excepting, of course, me, Pocahontas, and all other Democrats."
Delete yourself please?
...or else we dress in all black and beat people who don't agree with us!
Bullshit. Only ones ever held accountable are Republicans.  You let Obama/Clintons get away with murder. How do you sleep at night
Except You n Hillary Obama Comey Podesta Rice Holder Lynch need I go on there's more #Slapahoe
In this context fauxahontas means republicans, not everyone.
Except Hillary Clinton.
Start with yourself....FRAUD!!!!!!
@SenWarren You are kidding, right? IRS, Clinton emails, pallets of cash to Iran, Fast and Furrious. Who was held accountable?
#MAGA
Might want to apply that standard to the Democratic Party...what's the old saying about rocks and glass houses?
Maybe your not familiar with .......
HILLARY CLINTON!!!!!!!
You might think about getting out of your tepee (BUBBLE) a little more often.
We will get around to you So chill with your outrage! 

So you are ready to move on demanding Huma Abedin be arrested and charged for failing to secure classified documents?
..... except Leftists.
Smashed phones w/a hammer, deleted emails under subpoena, ran weapons in Libya, KILLING 4 Americans. Crickets so #STFULizzy
Except if you're Democrat right? Plead the fifth or use bleachbit? Smash things with hammers... ya know same ole, same ole...
Stop embarrassing yourself!  You have no respect for the rule of law and zero knowledge of true freedom.  Go back to the reservation!
The fact that YOU, a Democrat party shill, claim that you "embrace democracy" is adding insult to injury.
And we all heard you complain about the high cost of education, while you get paid 400K for teaching ONE course. Hypocrisy much?
We all saw how the Clintons could hold a secret meeting with the head of the justice department while Hillary was under investigation.
We all saw how a supreme court judge could die under suspect circumstances and no autopsy was performed...
We all saw how the DNC violated every concept of democratic decision making in selecting their presidential candidate.
We all saw how Hillary got away with federal crimes under the pretense that it could not be shown that she intended to break the law.
Yes, we all saw how you held Obama accountable for his incessant crimes and violations constitutional limitations.
I can't imagine how anyone takes you seriously.
You Democrats don't give a shit about being accountable if you're a Democrat; and if you're a Republican, that's the only guilt necessary.
*Depends on which side of the aisle you sit on of course!
Like you and your cronies?
Accountable?    please tell me how accountable the DNC has been over screwing Sanders out of the nomination?
Really so when is Hillary and Obama huma Weiner and comedy going on trial and how about all the money u ppl have taken for your best intrest
Where were the Dems when Bill was Impeached with proof of lying? Hillary was found violating NatSec Laws?How many voted for Spec Counsel? #0
I demand justice for Seth Rich, ask your pal Hillary and she'll be soooo accountable
Man.... Pocahontas sure must think we're dumb.
Right on. Then demand that your buddy HRC be accountable for cheating her way into the democratic nomination and screwing @BernieSanders ok?
Are you smoking peyote again Pocahontas?
I'm glad you now believe this since you didn't the past 8 yrs! Great,cause you won't mind when Investigations start on the Obama Mafia then!
Do you ever get ashamed for being such a disgusting liar?Under Obama,you pieces of filth known as Democrats did nothing but break every law


Looser. Drain the Swamp. That includes you. #MAGA #Fakeahontas
You mean like Hillary jeopardizing national security for 4 years & her RICO Foundation? No comparison.
Think b4 talk
"Here in America, we embrace & defend democracy.  And we do that by demanding that everyone in our government is accountable." #CAPIdeas
Like I'm supposed to believe your tripe? Give me a break! You're a walking joke @SenWarren.
Except of course DemocRATs
You represent a tiny ass State. You stop talking
Accountability starts with the individual, as long as dishonest people like you think you're the touchstone of integrity, it's hopeless.
I can't believe that you would actually say that. This is why you and your pals have zero credibility.
Shove it up your sanctimonious great red wigwam, Princess Rubbingthighs. You are a fraud.
Holy crap do you even listen to yourself?
You speak with forked tongue! The Clintons got away with murder and you said nothing so STFU!!
Oh you stupid pig.  You animals have destroyed anything that once may have been a democracy. You urge hatred and violence.  #DemsHateAmerica
except for lying politicians like Fauxahontas and hRC. And Maxine waters who paid her kid $$from her campaign
Did you hold obama accountable ? 
Leave our PRES. alone.
Ur a racist , hater ! 
Stop . Pres is innocent 
Has done NOTHING wrong
Then why are u not accountable u run ur mouth before any proof Is given u democrats don't work . U shouldn't be paid for weeks until u work
For repeatedly lying about a video causing "Benghazi", Rice got a promo. Give me a break. WE ensured accountability on Nov 8th.
You need to look deep within your own party, and the people you support! Your credibility is withering away with every word you speak!
You want accountability. How about special investigator for ALL of you for the past 8 years. The Democrat are unelectable and useless.
We will stand up and fight, you will NOT take out our @POTUS - you will have to take out millions of us. You have gone too far.
We will end many political careers. Thank you for helping us to do this by showing us who and what you are. You are a failing party.
You need reeducation or 2 resign.
The US is an Constitutional Republic. Were not a democracy! Stop what u r doing. U have
We're*
Interesting idea coming from someone who sheltered Clinton & Obama. 
#fauxcahontas 
#FullOfShit
Your constituents aren't as dumb as you think they are old lady.
That's right, which is why The People demand all you scum on the Hill hang yourselves
Just saw that 95% of income increases went to top 1% under you and Obama with zero accountability for that - chart at @conradhackett

So then I guess u would agree we need a special counsel to investigate this right? After all everyone n our gov should be held accountable.
except for democrats
My time in the service was nothing but training to kill communists.
Gotten back from the reservation, have you? Ugly partisan. Clinton was impeached & Ted Kennedy drowned a woman. Both stayed out of trouble
How about a prosecutor into Loretta Lynch who met privately with Bill Clinton on a plane before email charges were dropped against Hillary?
Now you just sound foolish. Accountability for Democrats that's funny. I spent most of my life voting dem But like most I know never again
U don't say.  No outrage from u when this happened.  How much did u make to say nothing about this act of Treason?
Everyone except Hillary. You are a hypocrite.
why did this happen? Deception and lies
How much time did u serve by committing fraud and pretending to be pocahontas?
