They will use it to run again in 2018. They'll blame it on Democrats. They'll say they need even MORE OF A MAJORITY to fix it. IT'S A SHAM!
I believe that. About typical.
if ACA soooo great then why are DEMOCRAT politicians and a few republicans like Sen McCain EXEMPT from it
I wonder how good McCain's Health insurance is?
Thank you for tonight vite
nothing affordable about ACA
The second A is correct. It was all just an Act in the plot to destroy America the Obama way.
If it's so great, why don't you submit to it?
I keep hearing the GOP bill is dead followed by "for now". We cannot just go home & relax. They are focused like drug addicts on "stuff"
 flip floper #gitgurl
Mark my words, you are going down in 2018.  THE REAL DIEHL is coming.  You have not helped Mass. at all.  You are another lying politician.
This is very true it is terrifying for people with pre-existing conditions #resist #SaveTheACA
Afford the ridiculous rates coming and if they tried would probably go out of business and leave them unemployed altogether.
i am glad I will die soon. without health care it will be sooner.
I too feel the same. I wish I'd smoked  3 or 4 packs a day instead of 1. America isn't what it used to be.
HE is smart, will allow IT to implode, you DEMS own it !!
Why do you hate hard working Americans Liz?
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
I hear drums in the distance...'they say: #IReserveMyTime
Their constituents are watching -- if the GOP continues to capitulate to Baby Don's imperialist whims, there will be Hell off their hides.
@SenSusanCollins @lisamurkowski thank you for taking a stance for all Americans.
And when ACA collapses, it is on you. And fuck your single payer idea.
Even more.   Holy shit are you dems worthless.  Rewarding the lazy, killing those that work.   Of course people want shit for free. #fail
Lip service again you are such a hater
Nah girl we good now. #thanksJohn
Marked
Your smoke signals speak with forked tounge Pocahauntice
Then come up with a bi partisan ALL AMERICAN deal that works. Stop sitting on your hands and just complaining. Be part if the solution
Mark WHAT words.   You're a liar... you have no words Sir
GOD WILL PREVAIL HE HAS SINCE THE ELECTION AND WARREN IS A BUTT KISSER BUTT KISSER
let's hope so
Don't let those racist, misogynistic, classist fkkers get enough votes. #RESIST
Hello Hillary Clinton
It will not have even a prayer! Ryan is a snake! He'll kill it as fast as he can! He will not save it or work on it!!
Go to bed
Watchin this on CSPAN.Reminds me of kids in college that 4 got 2 go 2 class all semester then got together to cram f finals n no 1 had notes
Then maybe you should work with republicans instead of obstruction
GOP agenda is dead for decades after this week. Their decisions have/will negatively impact(ed)  the majority of Americans
McCain had surgery, he did nt have 2 worry about the he needs 2 think about the people who could survive but can't pay for it, & will die
that's right
we know that.  we are wondering what we can do about it. i call every single day since january. #madenodifference
Just do something. Please help folks mobilize across the country in numbers never seen before. You can do it. We are with you.
2018! These people have to GO!
Why do they want to kill us? People will die from losing their health care. Killing Americans for ideology is no better than 9/11.
Without a doubt yet ironically this could be the fuel the Dems need to win back congress at the midterms. Sorry but it's true
If it becomes law, I think every #ACA recipient should send a copy of their medical bills to the #GOP senator of their choice for payment!
It's a guaranty: GOP couldn't get a deal in committee to destroys the ACA & the “skinny repeal” will become law.
#horror
And we the people will be (screwed!)
They'll wake John McCain up to vote. It's not right.
It's sad because the only reason this came this far is because Repubs already know they have the votes.
and that would be an absolute crime. Need to fix ACA and it can be done if GOP & DEMS act like caring humans and talk about this.
No doubt
Nooooooooooooooooooooooo! Do something!!!!!!!!!!
Ohh boy. What to do?
fire the bums
Exactly their plan
ACA has destroyed everyone. You Dems screwed us all to chase votes
Don't give up please!!!!
Mark my words ( I'm Indian) Thats right pocahontas!!
We know they cheat and manipulate to get what they want.
Don't the Repugnants know if they pass this they won't be safe on the streets. It's not the Russians you have to fear, just turn around.
There is no committee. Ryan was lying.
He said he's "open" to sending it to conference. He WON'T! They will vote immediately & shout victory.
This is sickening, I really hope I don't lose my insurance. 
Don't necessarily trust them to bother with committee.
What can we do??? I'm so angry and sad
"Thank you" @SenJohnMcCain for believing in your party. Now we all will have to suffer. #GOPShame
I take that back @SenJohnMcCain, although I'm not sure why we were made to suffer all night long if we were able to avoid this circus.
thank you Senator Warren, for standing up for American's right to healthcare.
but nobody wants it. NOBODY! This is close to the literal definition of insanity
My favorite #amendment - "All US Legislators and their families must enroll in this, and only in this, #healthcare plan".
And especially including #PreexistingCondition @SenJohnMcCain, if he is enough of a #hypocrite to vote for #SkinnyRepeal.
we saw this previously with the "sequestration" vote ... you don't want it to be law? don't vote for it.
This is not repeal of Obamacare. This is worse - driving up premiums.
You're all in on it because you all benefit from it.  #truth
They won't even conference....if it goes tonite we're done for
Thank you for your hard work.  What happens to America? America is losing its moral compass.  We're losing respect around the world.
And it is on everyone!!! You all have to stop this! It is insane to pass this at midnight and take away people healthcare
Your Senate GOP colleagues just hoping to avoid the blame for dumpster fire - they want Ryan to break "promise".
I would love for someone to explain to me the logic. When we speak of the #ACA premiums increasing do they realize it's partly cause cost is
By cost I am not referring to any risk pools, medical claim payouts, etc.; instead simply the overhead these organizations endure to keep up
There are 53 different DOI's & on top of that you have the federal regs that apply
Causing untold misery but eventually paving the way to single payer.
This will become the law
Yep!!
Either put up or shut up - What you got that's better Lady????
...and then they'll claim "see we repealed Obamacare"
Nobody should trust Ryan
You trust Ryan to NOT send the skinny bill directly to Trump to sign?  Ryan wants it done so he can go to tax reform to further hurt people
Should have thought of that before you Obamacared us.
and don't trust Ryan. Don't trust any of them.  We don't.  The people will revolt if tonight is a win for Trump.
The name alone indicates the stupidity of this Repeal,

Please destroy it! I used to be covered for life-saving IVs at my naturopath, not under ACA & policy up 33% in '16, 66% this yr.
"We trust you" comments here. I do to when I'm high. But U lied your way up the ladder on your ethnicity. I don't think it deserves trust.

.@SenateGOP saying "The Speaker lied to us" won't protect you. #KillTheBill #SkinnyBill #GOP will pay in #November2018 - We will remember
STOP,  DROP , ROLL.     How did we get here?
Malice. @SenateGOP caucus is so lacking of Empathy that it scares me.
so worried for this country right now and my kids. I will be one who loses health insurance and am disabled. Thank you for trying to stop it
I can't believe GOP senators said what a fraud this bill was but said they would vote for it anyway. This is where we are as a nation now?!?
I don't get it!! I'm so over everybody talking about how bad it is but we're voting for it. Just stop talking. Words don't matter, votes DO!
So be it we have to try... never trust a dem with healthcare policy
We didn't know just how upset many white Americans were to see a black man President until finally the Republicans said "We'll show you!"
We know, and that is why we are scared!  We need you to run for Prez!
Even after they control every branch of govt, GOP still doesn't know how to legislate, only obstruct & destruct. We deserve better.
Its really a despicable win-win for GOP,isnt it.
Then we make them own it. #NEAR
Good grief no, make Obamacare the law of the land!
Good isn't that what Trump wants regardless there is going to be millions of ppl without insurance either way you cut it
Big boned repeal?
I'm don't think that the Senate realizes just how much damage this process has done to faith in the US system of government.
This whole thing makes me sick to my stomach. My husband is bi-polar. If he can't get his meds he can't function, let alone work. #scared
they cannot lead. They bully
Your lack of bipartisan work 7 yrs ago is haunting. Reaping what you've sown.  You've yanked ctry left enough release the trunk and move
What's a skinny repeal? It's sounds like a weight loss program ! Austerity measure ! Food rationing ,curfews, that kinda of stuff, Lizzy !
Can we please stop the swlf fulfilling profesy and appeal to senators integrity at being involved in such a devious curfuffle
Just so sad ... and bad.  Thanks for your continued efforts.
How can we Mark your words when you never tell the truth?
No one doubts that. No one.
This is my worst nightmare I so hope you or Bernie will defeat him in 2020.
Lord help us all! 
Please don't kill these kids
I feel sick. What is wrong with them?
Or if Ryan rams it through tomorrow.
A different and better outcome is a GOP con job, and they know it.
I'm not sure how they think they are fooling anyone, even the GOP moderates will pay with their electoral lives.
And when that happens, I hope you look each of those assholes in the eye and say "nevertheless, you persisted."
Yeah they brought in Pence as the tie breaker a bunch of Machiavellian ppl
Economic chaos and deaths. Absolutely horrific how GOP ignores America to pass this tax break.
This is a disgusting result. The #GOP is committing treason against Americans & condemning many to death.
I hate to say this...but it may be the only way one people wake up!
The educated folks know this. It's teaching the stupid fools, which is proving to be impossible.
Constituents do not want this. Remind The about. 2018 election. Healthcare they pass should be healthcare they have to use too
Loser. Quit your day job!!!
I am 100% percent in agreement about your assessment. What a bloody shame and these GOPer's will NOT have to pay a heavy price for it.SHAME!
Nooooooo 

You are so lame
Infuriating.
They own this now. I hope everyone impacted by this awful bill (which is nearly everyone except Congress) votes out GOP in November.
Heard you trying to fight and we love you for this. Don't give up.
Who are the GOP holdouts? Only McCain or did he fall in line too?
McCain is all talk. He'll fall in line. He and Graham were spouting the same rhetoric.
And that's exactly what happened. Loyal Trump soldiers intent on killing the sick, elderly, poor or disabled. I'm ashamed to be an American.
Thank you for all you do.  Please keep up the fight for us!
It's TRUMPCARE... Not Skinny Repeal.
Just tweeted John McCain and Lindsey Graham that verybthing!
Don't trust Ryan. Thank God he was never VP.
He can do far more damage as Speaker.
STOP the GOP
File charges
Thanks for fighting for us- I trust you!!
"When in the course of human events . . ."  We are almost there.

Anyone who votes for it will be unemployed
You honestly think the house wont pass this immediately?? Cmon.
Move around. Got one Republican friend?  Come on now !
I have several, and the ones whose opinions I respect break eye contact when this scenario comes up.

Stand fast
You're right, they should repeal the whole damn thing.
No way
The won't be able to get a deal. And they just don't care.
#MedicareForAll
The land needs to revolt.


 To #GOP : #VoteNO #SkinnyRepeal
... OR ELSE   #MidTermElections2018 

 #FixACA

…
