He tried to blame it all on some IT ppl. After he took a huge golden parachute of a retirement pension package.
Regular employees there probly don't have retirement pensions anymore. All on crappy 401Ks
We made a mistake. Blah blah blah. Meanwhile everyone is at risk & these companies will get a slap on the wrist. So sick of this system.
Kick his ass.
Go get um Senator.  I love to hear you gets these cheats into a corner!
Perfect leader to do it!
It's the rich showing how to get richer...they just lie to each other
thanks for the heads-up - wouldn't miss a Elizabeth Warren grandstanding session for the world
You were on fire yesterday when you grilled the very evasive Wells Fargo CEO!
Time for Congress to be held accountable for their inability to get things done.  All you worry about is being reelelected.
HOW could they even be CONSIDERED for an IRS contract?!?! 
I want to know why they just got govt contract. Makes me wonder who was behind the "hacking" 
Watching
ask why (and how) @equifax was awarded a no-bid contract with @IRSnews, please.
Why no criminal charges?
Massive White Helmets Photo Cache Proves Hollywood Gave Oscar to Terrorist Group  https://clarityofsignal.com/2017/02/27/massive-white-helmets-photo-cache-proves-hollywood-gave-oscar-to-terrorist-group/ … New additional images added
@GinniRometty @IBM partnered w/ #Equifax & Ujivan US Data at risk Prosecute  $IBM  #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … …
IRS is trusting Equifax to protect our info. 
Next-Toddlers with machine guns driving the streets protecting our neighborhoods. #FartNoise
He should have hired qualified help instead of filling PC boxes
Watch ?? It’s a dog and pony show
Testifying? Or covering his “ass”(ets)?
Lock them up!
There should b indictments for this company and their Exec's
Kids who shoplift get prosecuted. Rich white guys who rip off millions get Congressional hearings, pensions, and bonuses.
Same to be said for Congress
Oh the guy who profited off the personal information of everyone and did nothing to protect it? Bet he gets a nice windfall for leaving
Hopefully will be led away in hand cuffs..
Whats this IRS bailout all about? What happened to justice and protecting our country?
Take his money, jail
Have an idea for something likr that
Why the hell are you allowing the IRS to give them another contract???!!!!
Burn him alive Elizabeth.
Would not waste my time! You democrats will just use it as way to grandstand! You should focus on important matters such as the deficit!!!!
Well, Pocahantas, do more than bloviate about what should happen, actually do something. @Equifax @SenateBanking
Elizabeth please do the USA a favor and resign!!!
I am dumbfounded Equifax was given that contract after they compromised my data and the data of millions of other people.
I hope Pocahontas loses her seat next year for the good of America.
IRS just hired them! What is congress going to do about that? 
Is there any one that has the guts to call Vegas shooter a terriost or r u all controlled on what u can say shame on u all double standard
this company should be bankrupt. they stole all our data, lost 145million people's data, cost us each lots of $ in wasted time & fraud
Pay the right guys a ‘fine’ get off with a hand slap and maybe a subsidy   Sad but true
Look out people this is were they decide to force us to be chipped! The mark of the beast! Is at hand!
Same old, same old, Equifax and Wells Fargo CEOs lost control of their Quants, just like VW did, another dog & pony show
Stop teasing us Sen Warren. Nothing will happen to him. He could kneel during the pledge, anthem, & in front of the flag&no consequences.
where is equifax CIO?  he/she at center of this
"Failure to address a known security flaw".  Like bank pres leaving door open to save on lock cost.  hope the @senatebanking is serious.
@senwarren would you please ask why the stolen data was not encrypted?
At first read I thought this said "Watch the hanging live here".
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
Millions for failure, new American economic model.
Please do your thing senator, SHRED HIM!
What is this about??
Your daily dose of How Many Ways can the government screw you.
Please nail him to the wall for us, metaphorically. Absolutely pathologically negligent.
Lizzy go away.
Is anyone going to ask why his former company is the IRS' s new verifier on ID'ing tax payers when they can't keep those same citizens safe?
There WILL be squirming.
Who’s going to be charged? How will people be able to fix their credit? This is inexcusable!
What about the no-bid government security contract just handed to @Equifax ?  Anwer the people!

Fake Indian
Go get him Senator!!
and celebrating Equifax's new contract with the IRS.
How STUPID can we be?
Can you please ask him why he believes he and his fellow execs shouldn’t be in prison for fraud & insider trading?
Facebook is a mass surveillance network. The only one "watching" is Zuckerberg
And Pocahontas can sit in judgement. She lied about being an indian but she can sit and judge
LOCK HIM UP!
Lock him the hell up. Forever.
