Puzder’s company has the most discrimination suits of any major burger chain – the same laws he’d be charged with enforcing at @USDOL.
I sent Andrew Puzder a 28-pg letter (83 q’s) about his readiness for @USDOL to protect America’s workers. http://www.warren.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=1448 …
I think what is more worrisome is that he likes to replace human-labor with machines
That's what happens when you demand  $15 @ hour!
sure they will see not difference whether you conform with minimum wage or ask for more
- it's simple economics.
lets tell that to our children when they are starving in an impending future.
- Do you think that a FF worker should make  $15 @ hr?
<=== What is it that you do for a living?  

@Francis18918918 @SenWarren @CarlsJr @Hardees @USDOL
- I'm retired.
. Since he's resigned, I wonder what skeletons he's hiding in his closet?
Never had Carl's or Hardee's. I was ahead of the curve.
ooh. You said squeezing. I can just imagine it. I sort of get all squishy thinking about it. With sauce.
another fox in charge of the hen house...insane
Elizabeth please keep up all the hard work you do!  We need you!
thanks, you rock!
how is this surprising? Actual surprise would be if this regime did something FOR the People
we r with u Elizabeth
boycott Hardee
The 1% only care about squeezing the last drops of blood out of the remaining 99%. #impeachnow
Yeah, "but her emails"
We can do a 2fer with your God Emperor
apparently as will you
America 1!
Hardees failed and it sucked to work for them always in court for wage and hour
The Fox guarding the Hen House.
Not a good  choice
please please get some Republicans to side with you on this Puzder so wrong for working America!
.@SenWarren @CarlsJr @Hardees @USDOL ...Pudzer is a putz!
get em bite em Elizabeth! Make them do the correct thing!!
and you made yours off the back of tax payers in the ELITE universities that school those executives.
do you expect a do nothing politician like all of you to protect the working class. Doubt it
so who better will know how to protect them and help them then someone who has been on the other side?
It's Make America Grate Again - Trump campaign just misplaced an "e"
The so-called President never had any intention of protecting US workers. Those "good-paying" jobs he promised were all a lie.
How can #45 claim to  keep America safe from bad hombries when they give Russia the keys to the front door?
#1984
@realDonaldTrump DJT-the man for the little guy-Get rid of this guy / fox in the hen house!
@MaddowBlog  Carl's Jr./Hardee's requires workers to clock out when not busy to stay @work.Requires emps to pay to wear uniform 2
That "invisible hand" that dictates labor market prices has served us well for 240 years. Get over it.
Trumpeteers all of them. This has already become an administration people will live to be ashamed of.
Fire Puzder!
Why are you talking POCAHONTAS, shut the he'll up. Your a liar.
funny if we raise FF workers wages to $15 an hour they will b making almost the same salary as a teacher
please please please keep holding these people accountable Senator. Can I help in any way?
oh Lizzie...do you ever say anything nice?
It's great to know you more about what people should be paid than the marketplace. So smart.
if $8/hr is a squeeze then nobody would work there.  Plenty of jobs available at $10/hour+
someday we will have a Democratic POTUS AND Senate only then can we get laws passed that protect EVERYONE ,keep fighting for us 
What business owner doesn't want to get the best work for the $$$$? It's called business!!!!!
That's what DJT does.  Puts people in charge of things they hate.  He sees destruction as progress.
and?
hopefully the Senate will vote him out come on Republicans grow some balls!!
You made a career cheating persons of color out of top jobs by claiming to be American Indian.  Fraud.
Besides whose gonna raise his Children''
Ugh. Confirming the LEAST qualified people. Watching this is nauseating.
this administration is such a bad joke
you flipped houses in the mortgage CRISIS! Paid pennies on the $. SERIOUSLY?

#stoppuzder another disastrous cabinet pick we must hold all republicans accountable
oh just shutup you will say anything to slander someone's character no matter who they are
I am begging you Senator Warren, please do not let Republicans pass a national right-to-work!!;
you are always calling out people with no evidence, yet there are scandals of your own.
Not the right, hhmm he's not human much of person or leader, sooo he is not the right 'it' for the job.
Please stop this man we do not need this
Lizzy  the way You Fail to have Relevance Proves Your Career Has More Leaks Than The Titanic. SO SAD 4U
Mr Puzder you are doing just fine. This lady is so miserable she will spout anything at this point.
and he will get pushed through just like the rest of the crooked cabinet members Trump appointed #Sad
you must really be a very miserable lady. Life must not be a lot of fun for you. Misery misery misery!
Thats why Rump wants him. Admires him.
do you ever ever ever find something good in a nominee the only rotten apple in the barrel is you
please shut him down. He shouldn't be allowed. Thank you Sen Warren
I completely support your objection, but I fear he'll be pushed through like all the other poor choices
how many jobs have you created?
And you know about business practices from all your time in the faculty lounge?
liar
are you really so ignorant of basic economics? Creating hundreds of thousands jobs is awful isn't it?
I hope the Dems are dumb enough to take your bait and nominate you in 2020. Loser for sure.
Maybe thats what you need...a little sqeeze once and a while.
like a fox guarding the hen house. YourBurgersSuck
Liz you wish you could be "All Natural"....funny they employ over 10K people, many immigrants/minorities
Remember no company no workers!  No shame in making money!
B nice if u'd just backmoff shut the hell,up Ur chances 4 reelection 0Pres -0 Ur trouble maker ProveDNA
made her career by impersonating a Native American
my wife and I agree. Please continue to be our champion.
Labor thinks of minimum wage as a kid's job. But those are the only jobs out there now. How do we live?
no Puzder.!!!
sure thing #SenCrazyLoon
thank you senator Warren. Please keep fighting for the working class
Thank you for fighting for workers' rights and welfare.
Thank you Sen. Warren for fighting to do what is right by people.
You can't hide from the truth!!! Boycott Hardee's and Carl's Jr.Get the rich where it hurts! In pocket!
the same way you collect $400k for teaching 1 class at Harvard? who is squeezing who??
Stop him!!! Please. This injustice must come to some end.
He wants more illegals so why don't you want him?
Strong-arming of employees ensues, Big business profit lines over workers lives. #nomoreOsha
He pays pretty well, I have a family member that's in Management and he love working there, lyier
so you plan on putting them out of business senator? Let's work together and make America great!
.
I think the response 2him may be steady vigilance 2what he is up to & immediate response by watch digs
Smoke a piece pipe! Oh that's right. Your NOT Native American   Liar
you go girl! He needs to live on the money he pays his employees! Walk in there shoes before you judge
fight the battles that matter please. You are boring me
I would like to know your views on other matters, without all the background noise..
senator Warren. STAY THE COURSE!!
,
and Nancy Pelosi's too!
YOU Lied abt Indian heritage, LIED abt college Grants, LIED abt Forclosure flips, Lied abt $1.3m 0% loan
Habitual Liar from Massachusetts! Lied to your constituents and you know your a FRAUD. 1 TERM SENATOR!
focus on tax returns & "pee pee tape" o/w you will be fighting a Hydra
How did you make your money Warren? Please explain!!!
You are not squeaky clean either, no room to call out anyone.
we don't have the votes!! Do your thing.
We need to work VERY hard to get liar @SenWarren removed from the @SenateDems! #fauxahontas #Pocahontas #TRUMP @CarlsJr @Hardees @USDOL @GOP
There was a national security meeting in front of civilians and a selfie with football carrier.
He has no soul! If confirmed, then the gap between congress & the people is obviously too vast. Sad
Is he expected to rise to the occasion?
Has he a deadline date by which he must respond?
.and one has no doubt he will do a fine job.Are you kidding?  Come on.Leopards don't change their spots.
Stuck pigs squeal,...keep squealing...  ssooooiee, ssoooie. #maga
you are a hypocrite.
the hipocrisy! No shame! Calling out someone when you're the same. Getting paid over 300k for one class!
and how did you make your fortune?
no one is forced to work at@CarlsJr @Hardees or anywhere else @USDOL
Not to mention the unhealthy food he sold. Making people sick.
PLEASE DEMAND IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION INTO #TRUMPRUSSIA TIES @TheDemCoalition & so much more!!
Tweet Tweet! That would explain why their food is overpriced...no one hardly eats there.
ah the wolf is suppose to guard the hen house...sorry about using a wolf as an example..but true
#Blah! blah! #Hate! Hate! Blah! Blah! #BORING!! #saysomethingnew #givingdopesavoice #obstructionists
and what about you "Pocahontas" ?  Your just as guilty...
keep the pressure on! Thank you so much!!
how did you make your fortune Sen. Warren?
lies. He paid them fair. How many people have you employed?  Liar
you made $400k teaching a class, causing tuition rates to skyrocket and burden students with crippling debt.
Can count on you to vote for him like you did for idiot Ben Carson? There should be ZERO cooperation!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10157226752915107&id=574075106 …

well we know he won't protect anyone but himself.
So you're saying USDOL doesn't represent EVERYONE in the US? Only a select few?
The absolute truth
Trump seems to prefer his "team" to be morally bankrupt white guys with big foreheads.
but again you will argue all night Senate will put him in
please enlighten us by explaining (honestly) how you made your fortune ....
Keep doing what you're doing,  Senator!
They will be fearful of losing their jobs.  We have to make sure to speak out on behalf of workers.
We appreciate your support @SenWarren. Keep up the fight 
you won't see them protesting. They have multiple jobs and challenging transportation. Working poor.
please, this is a wasted effort, will get rubberstamped again, #trumptaxrelease key!
and you made a fortune squeezing votes out of unsuspecting minorities
more swamp water!!
You pushed to make it easier for consumers to file bankruptcy then flip their foreclosed houses. Corrupt
Typical trump choice. Keep fighting
Sounds like a great addition to that swamp.
Sit down Fauxcahontas
let's see how much money you made while being a senator
To think Trump or his cabinet cares about the working person is ludicrous. Stand strong and #PERSIST
Get em SenWaren
Have you,Sen.Warren,protected ALL the people YOU are charged with projecting.THINK BOURNE WIND TURBINES.
You made $350k pretending to be native american. Maybe those in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
you know nothing about business. You do nothing but incite dissent. Try working toward compromise.
