Did you forget that John Stumpf resigned or just fail to mention it in your rant? #Truth is easy.
Mr. Stumpf was allowed to retire. Hardly a sanction.
He resigned because of scandal. He was the COB so her statement is misleading. I'm so glad you reminded me of her big Wall Street donors.
He resigned and was allowed to take $133+million with him. The man was caught, and he was bought. Most of these types have a price.
Hi Stephanie Nacin, read her statement. Apply my comment. Also check her donor list. #TRUTH
I did. She said "not 1 board member did" (get fired). Stumpf resigned. There is a difference.
He was forced to resign because it always goes to the top even though they had no knowledge. 

She omits facts. Just like this. #FactsMatter
Molyneux? The anarcho-capitalist anti-feminist? I'd be interested to see the data from his study; he blatantly doesn't stand for equality.
And John Stumpf walked, a free man, garlanded with stolen dollars.
gotta go
アメリカとイギリスで消費税をやったらいいんじゃないかと思っています。
Board deserves termination.
Do you even know how corporations work?
You still have your job too even as the PEOPLE are losing.
将来的には、カナダとオ-ストラリアとニュ-ジ-ランドでも消費税をやってください。
Today the WH denied the freedom of the press to video or record the press briefing. This is denying access to the voice of the WH
The WH is punishing the press for asking tough questions. This is ridiculous and un American. When thecWH speaks we have a right to hear it.
Fired ones given order to practice system.
THERE'S  A FOR YOU TO BE FIRED
アメリカとイギリスでも消費税をやってください。
You want to be in everyone's business and board?
Put them in jail! @attorneygeneral
@SenWarren - Removing the @WellsFargo Board won't remove the culture, or change their business model, but I think you already know that.
Hot to agree with you there-should I faint?
We need to support the restructuring of organizations to be more horizontal, transparent and democratic with rank and file oversight.
Laid off, not fired. But hey Pocohantas, r u paying your female staffers as much as your male staffers now?  You weren't.
Do you favor capitalism, or if you don't, what's your alternative?
Capitolism inour country is rife with corruption,thetype that inappropriately lends negative connotation to socialism!Our republic in peril!
Sounds like u want the govt taking over the banking system. How much time do they have to live if the govt doesn't take it over scary stuff
When the team is losing, fire the coach not the players
Incredibly foolish statement.  The 2 groups of people are not functionally equal or on par.
You should be fired for getting free college after lying about your heritage!!! You must of forgot Pocahontas!
Wow
U r a joke pocohantas ! Look @ all the $ u dumped in Georgia . Looks pretty wasteful 2me . High up Dems said spend the $ & buy the seat 
アメリカとイギリスで消費税をやったらいいんじゃないかと思います。
Should try using wikileaks drops,  that is only way Dems will fire someone. Ask debbie & donna.
You don't run Wells Fargo, youare a politician who never had a real job other than on the taxpayer dole. Why should they listen to you?
Yesterday, I went into a Wells Fargo bank and asked to have a 20 dollar bill broken down, they refused I didn't have an account with them!
Now that's one thing I agree with you
Under Obama, the number of Americans not in the labor force increased by 18.09%. But you're doing fine, right?
5,000 Workers at Wells Fargo working for basic pay were let go - they were fired. Not one person at the top ($$$) was fired let go. #MAGA
Well probably because Wells Fargo doesn't want to have to pay those multi million dollar termination packages.
Wells Fargo still paying @SecElaineChao $5MM parachute for her tenure as Board Member during fiasco
This $ Could go to creating jobs, great paying jobs.
Buy #bitcoin

She wants the company to wind up like Illinois.  Ms. Warren, take a class in economics.
Exactly
Japan we are not! Their CEOs hold themselves accountable
Warren, In my 60 years, I have never heard of a company firing the exec leaving only assembly or paper chasers.
SHAME ON @WELLSFARGO . I can't wait until my refi is complete!
Speak the truth 
That is what happens when employees do not understand their power but are just aloof
Predictable actions by the kingly royalty. Blame others, while the leaders / perpetrators hide in plain sight ...
Wait! What? Wells Fargo jobs lost? No execs lost theirs? Hey, DT voters, huh? & ya hear: Ford moving factory to China? But love that DT :)!
The reverse Nuremberg defense (with a twist): "I was just giving orders (and reaping the reward).
They illegally forfeited my home loan. Cost me tremendously.
750,000 homeless Americans. Trillions in student debt with no jobs, not a politician lost her $400K teaching gig
9 million Americans lost their job, 6 million lost their homes, corporations got bailed out not one politician was fired, you were there!
You bringing this to our attention, why? Your there to fix it. Are you not ???
We got out of WF, but they're still trying to get their tentacles on us.
Wells Fargo should fold.  They were part of what I consider the worst criminal banking of 2008.  They will only continue to destroy.
Hit em where it hurts, their bank account and dissolve or sanction their shell co's tax havens!
Why don't you worry about corruption and overpaid jobs in government that our tax dollars pay. Stay out of private business.
Isn't that how it goes, small checks cover big checks. This is a norm in America.
Congratulations Pocahontas. That is the first tweet I can agree with you about.
Sort of like the millions ya'll get from corporations
citibank does same.fake accts for compensation, why not investigation?    do they donate to you?
Gotta pay for that yacht somehow
@WellsFargo Shame! Timothy Sloan, Stephen W. Sanger, Hope Hardison, Michael Loughlin - take some time to read YOUR Code of Ethics today!
low level IRS employees were fired for targeting conservative groups. Not 1 higher up faced any discipline. Imagine thar
What can be done to change this?
Then do something about it. Introduce legislation to limit government lending via Wells Fargo.
If people stay customers they approve with dollars. Educate the customer base and they walk, board members will get fired
maybe the US Senate needs a corresponding RIF when the military and government agencies are downsized?
That never works when shoring up a corrupt company
So when unemployment goes up, why don't you get fired?
Agreed 
How about execs that were replaced? All the amazing things WF is doing every day-Try being informed senator. I am proud to be @WellsFargo
Do you really think people are this stupid? Ur other tweet cried they did nothing. Now you cry they did something? Common sense plz?
It has always been like that. Regardless of industry.
Government can't run private companies that's the communist way that's what you want
Big banks are one of the most cold hearted industries in the world. They would sell their own mothers for a buck!
I know, I have worked in them since '04
Basically how you politicians get filthy rich, while your constituents never see a dime, unless it's to study a desert frog. #Pocahontas
Corp America ran the people while the people had no jobs. That was the last 8 years. Forced product to support Dem.
Thata what I say about our Massachusetts political branch
id love you and Bernie president and vice president what a world this would be
Run for president please
BofA too. stole peoples homes. fined not prosecuted,
Yes fire the produces and keep on the high school grads, that will solve the problem. Liz, grow up.
Why cant congress intro a law that will strip  these money hungry officers of their incentives / benefits. Investments@WFB r a public trust
The  CEO, CFO & other OSses need to get fire. This  WFB needs to be revamped starting from TOP TO BOTTOM. What this WFB was immoral &ILLEGAL
And if your friend @HillaryClinton offered for speech, campaign donation or #ClintonFoundation she would have taken it in a New York minute
I'd settle for a hundred mid-level and an EVP or three. Who's in charge? Who's running this place?
And things like this will continue to happen so long as we allow the rich to run our country. We need to pull big money out of politics.
I'm pretty sure the employees fired were setting up fake accts and stealing money!!! Wtf is wrong with you?
Your lack of business knowledge is exceeded only by your lack of Senate rules knowledge.

I would hope most people are smart enough to see what's going on here. Everyone should stop doing business with a dis honest business.
ain't capitalism great? #sarcasm
It's called capitalism Fauxcahontas.
Hundreds of MassPike workers got fired and not one senator.
You are so right,  Banksters....
You'd think all that corruption would have been corrected under 8 years of Obama/Democrat rule !
Kind of like the government. No politician is accountable.
And trump says jobs jobs jobs.  Not for us.
Accountability should apply to senators too, but I'm sure you'll dismiss this.
@SenateDems Well, what is being done in the Congress to change that??
More than half of congress are white collar criminals....  they ain't doing shit.
Preach!
You voted FOR Dodd-Frank!!!
Leave biz alone & ALL will have a job. #Freedom
Please sell weines
Then at least propose a change to SarBox to allow the Wells whistleblowers more than 180 days to make an OSHA claim after suffering
They're low level
All talk by elected officials but no action
Correct Ms Warren, that obama is responsible for! Why dont yu reveal tpp in the open so all can see obamas betrayal to americans? Transparcy
Americans need to know. GREAT JOB ON CORRUPT WELLS FARGO
It sure is!! So sad!
No Govt employees get fired. That's even worse!  Fill the unemployment line with ex non-essential federal employees!
Board member?  why the hell would a board member get fired? Upper management yes, but board member? Makes no sense. You lack Inc knowledge.
Go back to being a socialist, and stop making stupid comments on capitalism, in which you obviously know nothing about. #naïve
Voluntary association
I'm not surprised at all.
Board members are elected, not hired.
It's amazing...fraud..theft..& slap on the hand. Any person committing the same would be in jail!  The fine more outrageous, pocket change.
How are they even correlated? The stupid is over the top here.
Communist woman,only owners can fire employees,get a grip your elected by fools
Yes the 5000 involved in the scam that hid their illegal activities from their managers and the board...no board member was involved.
Well when is anyone going to jail at @WellsFargo ? Pass tougher laws to put top mgmt in prison. The cowardly CEO resigned and hes still free
When that many practice that behavior they have been instructed to.
Not 1 senator has been put in jail for putting our country 13 Trillion in debt.
What else is new? I'm losing my job because my school district can't predict what will happen to their Title 1 funds.
Where are the jobs that POTUS has promised?
Absolutely true
Corp officers will get bonuses
Great job at creating jobs, #Twitler!
This is why we divest.
How about when a non-Native American got a cushy job pretending she was Native American? How messed up was that?
There is no Corporate Accountability. They are now so deregulated, they can do whatever they want. Our Country now has New "Landlords".
It's starts at the top... get your house in order Senator so you can be a leader others will follow... right now your house is a Mess!!
But that's because the shareholders didn't seek to remove the directors.  + It's their job to elect responsible directors in the 1st place.
Why don't you open a bank and hire them?? Business is business.
You pretended to be a minority to get a college job & got elected to the Senate anyway, so our screwed up electoral system isn't much better
Probably caused by Dodd Frank & over regulation by Congress. Corporate taxes didn't help.
Wells Fargo got it backwards. Hope they go under
Trump's jobs,jobs,jobs program for the top 1%.
@WellsFargo Sucks! Worst bank ever. I would NEVER do business with them
Check out  Stanford University they r evil.
If only the shareholders had some way of deciding who should sit on their board, or do you think that should be determined by the Gov?
Simple fix: pull you're $$$$ out of @WellsFargo
Good thing you're capitalists. Right @NancyPelosi ? Keep trying to reform the shitty system.
Trump & GOP. Making Wall Street, Trump family, and Friends of GOP Richer Again & Again! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
I have a question for you . Did you approve the bail out for the big banks ? If you are a honest person tell us.
i know corporation CEO level employees will get punished and get a taste of the poor life when WARREN is our potus!
Thank you for your attention to this matter. I decided to #Divest from Wells Fargo and moved my car loan to my credit union. #Persist
Get a life.  You're THE most annoying person in the world.
With that mind-set, you should have been gone years ago...
The way of the #GOP.
Who's screwed up exactly??
Obama laid off hundreds of thousands of servicemen and not one member of the senate got fired. That's our screwed up govt accountability
Have you or any other politicians given back campaign donations from Wells Fargo or it's executives?
Dems,under BO & HRC,are responsible 4 mass corruption & crime & no one arrested. That's our screwed up gov accountability sys in a nutshell
Dispiriting and despicable
@leo3hill Can I get your official statement?
Yeah, kinda like our government
To bad you can't be fired but you can sure be voted out
What r u saying too many chiefs not enough Indians hahahaha u phony
That's what happens when you deregulate the banks. Next they'll get us into another recession because of their greed
Of course that would make sense if u let go of people on the board that make the most$$, instead of peons who work the hardest.
Chief makeum big fckup--fires many indians--creates big smoke screen that hides chief --moral: much better to be chief not indian
That sounds right
no surprise here and then they wonder why we want rules hmm i think we see why now
Fuck wells Fargo and trump , his antiquated cowards supporters, and his unamerican hate
Don't you have anything positive to say? There are a lot of good things going on.
But he's making America great again, right?
It's an absolute shame that the general population can't see just how good unions are to every working man and woman
@MariaBartiromo that's ur base in action dufus
Truly sad
If we had real laws with stone accountability. Like real prison sentences for the wealthy and not a court system to protect ALL OF US GOV.
Sure is. Awful
There is no accountability. Proven by 2008 fiasco.
Okay Senator Warren-of course its terrible-Yet we don't hear enough from you on the urgent HealthCare disaster that is coming upon us now.
Wait, let me guess... you're outraged... and it's somehow the Republicans' fault?  Just call me Kreskin.
They run their business like a fine tuned government machine.
they do that to show that they are doing their dobs - clean house of all those beneath them
Similar 2 banks & their qualifying stds being difficult on the avg borrower when the problem is @ the top & what they give 2 THEIR friends!
YEP. EXACTLY. (And exactly why we need about 300 more of you in Congress, Senator).
Making America great! 
