That's your response?
Broken record #brokenrecord
How are you going to do that?
The democrats are the one doing the damage
Miss speak with fork tongue. You lie so much you don't know the truth anymore you need mental health treatment. Wait you d's gutted that
Wondering How and Why exactly you'd become a Dr. Aren't they supposed to CARE about people?
Re: veterans, you do NOT stand with us. Please stop repeating this obscene lie.
I, the working family, strongly disagree with you
Stand firm.
Democrats stand with illegals

I wish we could pass #Twitter regulations for Trump & future Presidents. I’d vote for that! 3 more years of him? #takehisphone
You stand with an agenda and a hatred for our president that has and will do nothing but cause gridlock. You may as well be honest about it
#shutupLiz
You are the people that killed the economy; not wall street. You don't care about the working class; in fact, you nearly killed it!
Uninformed. Spend a year reading and listening to NPR.
I know what I'm talking about. I study this more than you study your social "sciences". You should spend a year learning about BLM- not good
Too bad vets, working families and (well informed) seniors dont stand with you
I'm a vet who very much likes Warren
Must of been in the chair force
Nope, two combat tours in the army. I rather liked our "socialized medicine" and never having to worry that my family was taken care of.
Well veterans and active duty should never have to worry about health care
Why should any American have to worry about basic access to health care?
Because nothing is free in this world no o e owes anyone anything
But you just said military are owed medical protection...Why do I deserve that for doing my job and someone else doing their job doesn't?
Senator, have you lost your mind, respectfully?  I mean, Democrats are for veterans, families, etc.? No ma'am.
That's a GOP platform, Liz. No more 'too big to fail' bailouts ya'll gave out.

really??? how has the ACA really worked?  What have YOU done in ur yrs in ofc
But oh yeah. You are an Indian! I forgot how far your honesty goes.
veterans?  Tell us about the great things your party did for vets???guess the VA problems all came on Jan 20
Warren, you are a nut case and not native American.  Retire
#SwampDemons #Trump was supposed to deal with them This is evidence he is colluding with them #WallStreet needs oversight fines #MAGA
@TheDemocrats @MA_Senate @SenateDems Stand w/ veterans, seniors, retirees & working families suffer because @realDonaldTrump #wrongchoiceact
Sure you do.  That's why so many Vets died during Zerobama's term, while waiting for medical care from the VA.
Nobody believes you, nobody is listening to you
You did nothing for any of these Americans while in power, all suffered while you just pretend & talk like you've done something
And your leadership did what in 2008?
Since when you dingbat
Warren your name with veterans together makes me sick where were you when veterans were dying because couldn't get medical help "hypocrite"
It's Democrats who crush our economy, Lizzy!
Since when do you Dems care about vets
From a one percenter? How many millions do you have? Multy million dollar house in Cambridge? Invested in WALL STREET? Fakehontas
How can you say you stand for veterans with the VA crisis and taking veterans 2nd Amendment rights away. #liar #fauxahantas #hypocrite
forgot BLM thugs, criminals, rioters, ANTIFA thugs, illegals, drug dealers, anti 1st and 2nd amendment protesters, transpassers #Fauxahantas
Bs
You are seriously paranoid
You don't support Veterans, you pander to them for votes, quit lying Senator.
Please. Finally we are limiting the power of the cfpb and holding them accountable. Look up cfpb and go through budget. Boondoggle.
I like Elizabeth Warren too.
Then you need to start supporting the President and his infrastucture plan,tax plan, and health care plan.Quit being an obstructionist #MAGA
None of this matters as long as American Terrorism exists!
No Justice, No Peace! Stop American TERRORISM!
Thanks for filming the Support for #Veterans PSA this morning! It was great to meet you. @DAVHQ
bullshit! The democraps have dragged their feet over the dead bodies of our veterans that commit suicide 22 a day because of the VA crooks!!
The left stands with veterans, ha! good one.
Democrats lost 1000 seats in 8 yrs because they stand with illegals, terrorists, and globalist fascists. Obama was a windfall for the rich.
But who do senators who lie about being Indian stand with? THEMSELVES.
Your party aided, abetted and bailed out wall street last time.
The lefties Sarah Palin. You'll never be president so stop trying and just go away.  PLEASE!!!!
No, we will make sure the "Progressives" do that.
Get off your ass and sponsor Medicare For All.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5ND5a02L3vxX3Q2REYwY0c0STQ/view?usp=sharing …
Guess what your party did not do a f en thing in 8 years to fix the economy and that's all trump wants to do
Beside you stand with all the illegals , an all the immigrants that flood this country an want to kill us an you. Yer wrong as usual.
Wrong again Warren...... As usual.
Team Trump will get the job done an in the proper way.
What if HRC had been elected? She was in Wall St pockets . . .
When have you stood for Veterans?  Under Democratic leadership we have seen a significant decline in veteran care
So if Democrats stand with Veterans, explain the colossal screw ups at the VA the last 8 years?  Explain outrageous AHCA premiums?
Yeah right where were you Doucheocrats the last 8 years !!!
You must really be on to something there... the less informed trolls are as usual negatively wasting everyone's time unproductively
Thanks you! They are Takers. More for Them, less for everybody else
The democrats need to be smart. Focus on policy and instilling hope in America. Trump will self destruct. Rise about it. Show integrity
?  So you don't want vets to have better health care?!
Your party is the party that let EVERYTHING get so bad.
With all the scandals libal demicrats with va. You do not stand with vets
When did that happen? Working people taxed to death,seniors can't afford their prescriptions,and the VA was left in shambles.
Please impeach him!
Can stand u
Democrats stand with racists like BLM, commies like Antifa, and loons like the LGBTers
Oh hell no, you'll team up with the Globalist elite to do that!
Warren is a Damn Liar! Dem depleted military, put down vets, no Vet help, refuse support for Law Enforcement. Do I need say more
Like you did under obama?
Democrats and Republicans only stand with pandering for votes to stay in power. Neither care for the American people. Nothing changes.
You've never stood with veterans. You are a Wall Street hack. Go away! Just retire! Your reservation needs you!
Lizzy, you and Obumer NEVER stood with our VETERANS! You are a dam HYPOCRITE!
But the Democrats, of which you are one, under Obama, had a chance in a lifetime to act. You cowed
GOD AND MEN GREED WILL CRUNCH OUR WALL STREET/ECOMONY. AMERICAN'S GREED GRIEVES GOD'S HEART.
Yes you have had a hand in the terrible care at the VA!!
Thanks I might need help standing in a few short years, I hope to get a farm grant to grow fresh food for big island families
Really?  You stand with veterans ??    Where were YOU and the former President when the gross negligence was uncovered in our VA hospitals
Veterans? Don't make me laugh! You dems HATE our military almost as much as you HATE America!
@MorningsMaria @Scavino45 there u go again~Ds did NOT stand by Vets/VA debacle n Ds responsible 4deaths n Fam destruction due 2NO ACA action
Really, you had a Democrat as president fir 8 years Nd habe done NOTHING G!
I'd hope the demographic that encompasses those who care is larger than just democrats.
Is it true that CIA Director Dan Coats was Told by Trump to tell FBI director Comey to drop the Flynn Investigation? 1974 all over again?
"Son our Republicans friends are saving money by cutting Medicaid."
"But dad, Medicaid covers the cost of great grandma's nursing home care"
Dear Elizabeth Warren , question - if Democrats stand with veterans why has the V.A. been such a hot mess for so many years now ?
Dear Elizabeth Warren , question - if Democrats stand with veterans when will they address the " other than honorable " scam ?
Dear Elizabeth Warren , question - are you planning on addressing the G.R.A.P. scandal in this lifetime ?
LIER!
Yes Elizabeth in remember why it happened. It was Bill Clinton that rolled back regulations and gave Banks what they wanted. Own it
Oh NOW you want to help veterans! Atta girl, piggyback.
I heard you might run for president.  Of Cuba
Democrats stand with the elites!
Thanks
No demicrats only stand with illegal immigrants, enjoy your defeat in 2018.
Since when? Like Tammy Baldwin stood with vets whole they overdosed in Tomah Wisconsin. Elizabeth, you are a phoney.
Where have u been to help veterans hmmm? Now u r going 2 push single payer ?
Tsk tsk scam
We love Warren
Dems support vets? Explain to me the disaster that was the VA under Obama?
Speaking as a veteran with 23 years active duty service & a working family member I would prefer you & the Dems go stand with someone else.
please don't stand with me ... I am a hard working family of educators and farmers
Don't think US vets are standing with you. I WANT A HAND COUNT. FAKE NEWS
speaking as a veteran democrats have never stood with us, they have spat upon us and used us as scape goats but never stood with us
Go to your TeePee Lieawatha! You have no credibility. By the way, have you ever accomplished anything?
You stand with them just burn flags, spit on them, and let them die waiting for medical care
Collect your $400,000 for teaching a single course and shut up phony 
Iair
Really? Stand with veterans? You aren't going to get veterans to side with you after the way we were treated by the Obama administration.
It was the Democrats' Community Reinvestment Act.  Senator Warren, you should understand that.
What, you haven't stood with anyone for 8 years Beth, try again
L I A W A T H A
Now? Where were you for the last 8 years?
Im a veteran and I agree with Bryan, stop using us as pawns. Though some may stand with you we all know the truth, by majority vets go GOP
The Left nvr stood with ppl until election time. So quit trying to bullshitin us
What in the world of dodd-Frank are you talking about
Who exactly crushed our economy..And why didn't Obama go after them legally?.8 YEARS  and your party did nothing to hold then accountable
That's funny your left wing policy's have been holding them back
Thank you @Resist
Yea 2018 reelection coming up lots of seats up for reelection. Needs to be voted out
USA govt cannot run a single-payer system look at VA System. Much smaller & look how messed up it is. Govt to run entire USA NO WAY.
Lol Democrats stand with veterans... that's hilarious!!!
Dems need to stand united and focused.  Sharpen message and keep individuals from grand standing.
You have no credibility!The US Government caused the problem forcing home ownership for everyone and forcing banks to lend
Get back to Glass-Steagall stop grand-standing!!!
Why didn't you stand with America by not voting for Ben Carson? #ZeroCredibility #Shameful
Elizabeth we r SO GLAD ur working for us...peace & love = EQUALITY...
You've had soo many yrs to not only support our vets but fix the problems they have w VA & getting the medical support they need so bad! Smh
Posing as a fake American Indian was a wrong choice, Kemosabe.
Democrats are returning to their roots of the clanbake and segregation.
Republicans also stand up for veterans, seniors and the working class!
You are a liar. Cause of 2008 crash crash was bursting of housing bubble primarily caused by government manipulation of housing market
SENATOR WARREN AND MILLIONS WORLDWIDE LOSE; TENS OF TRILLIONS; NOT TO MENTION; THOSE WHO WILL DIE BECAUSE OF THIS REPEAL !
Again, when? You mean when Obama was president?
