all Obama did was lie about healthcare so let's talk about integrity
better check your history
You mean 24 million can opt out if they want to. Not the same as lose lizzie no brain.
let's just let the whole thing blow up on its own.
Do more research b 4 u call people liars.
if am all for leaving it alone and don't replace.
@RuPaul @BostonGlobe and your solution is what?
if millions of people CHOOSE not to buy into AHA.. THAT DOESNT MEAN WE LOSE HEALTHCARE .. what part of that DONT YOU UNDERSTAND
AHA SUCKS...WE DONT WANT IT!!  YOU BUY IT @SenWarren  @NancyPelosi @BernieSanders COMPRENDE???
you democrats are SICKENING with your lies we DONT WANT IT...this is SUPPOSED to be a FREE COUNTRY
and millions of Americans DONT WANT TO BIY OBAMACARE...
@realDonaldTrump Hey 45... did you actually READ the TrumpCare bill or did you just get the Cliff Notes? Your lies are abundant!
actually, you can blame these issues on Pelosi and others for not reading ACA before passing it!
perhaps kicking 24million off of health care isn't an issue for you. #heartless
if you read the CBO report nobody is getting kicked off. It refers to opting out/not on medicaid
 #singlepayerforUSA!
anybody who wants single payer does not understand economics or tyranny
yep.. those "dumb" countries that actually give all of their Citizens access to healthcare. SMH
countries with 9 million people are not an economic comparison to one with 330& their sys flawed
.@SenWarren Govt should not be mandating that everyone get coverage.  That's COMMUNISM.  No thanks!
60M lost it to cover those 24M pochantas
that's funny since obamacare RIPPED MY HEALTH COVERAGE AWAY but I didn't hear you bitching about that, fake Pocahontas.
Who do they think is going to pay for uninsured's emergency room visits? Why isn't anybody talking about this issue?
you're focusing on the wrong thing. It's here: @dccommonsense show 314
But I'm yet to see Democratic lawmakers out in public fighting for us! Are they so timid!!! Or weak!!!
when will Democrats gather on the steps of capitol to denounce this evil? Where are the people representatives?
that sameCBO said how "affordable" the ACA would be... they have 0 credibility.
BASED on a corrupted version of the bill, and only the first phase, do any of you people READ!
say give them a PPO plan in stead
actually, that's false. The report does not say that. The number is based of the diff of those opting out of now mandated cov.
@mascott349 I lost my Dr's hospital my plan when OBAMA CARE passed. 1 of > 10 million. Remove us getting real planes = 14 mil ill
What were you looking at seven years ago when ACA came about?  Counting your money?
What about the ones that can't get a doctor to see them now?  Will we get to go to the doctor again?
total Lie from a Fake Indian!!!
what  good  is Obamacare, if there are no insurance companies to pay  the bills
what  good is a policy with a  $8,000 deducible  and $15,000 premium how  many  can afford  that.
But is it fair that the working people who pay for insurance, can't afford it because of all the non-working leaches
Rip?
rip health insurance away? Rip? Lol or people will be able to CHOOSE to purchase or not to purchase. 
@realDonaldTrump what are you going to do about this?
LIAR! Most of these persons will not lose their coverage but decide to opt out since participation will not be required.
yessss. Hope all 24 million are trump supporters.
it's easy to say "budget experts' "24 mill will loss coverage" please show us the actual evidence. Talk talk talk
his idea that they'll replace Obamacare with something better is true - like everything else, its 4the wealthy few
@Cat_MarqueeLV According to GOP Math becomes assumption when it doesn't agree with their efforts to sell the Mirage to America
lol. That's backwards! You've really been blinded by the Dems my friend!
If anyone had a choice, obamacare never would have become the illigal law it did.
Do you even understand the term "Freedom of Choice".
keep up the good fight!
and tell the corp dems, if they don't stand behind bernie and vote for single payer medicare, they can forget their votes. tell
its time to impeach trump, ryan, mcconnell, johnson, pence, cruz. cotton, rubio, and any other gop members against the voters
I take care of my son who is a disabled vet. His treatment will be completely cut under this heartless transfer to the rich
Republicans, The Party that cuts the people's heads off and hands them to Big Business on a silver platter.
oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking of the terrorists that literally cut ppls heads off? You must be confused!
<= lies! Ppl that r penalized now will not purchase with no penalty! Mainly young & healthy!
it's easy to save money if you deny healthcare to those who need it most
aren't they wonderful people
Bannon says it's "survival of the fittest".
Republicans are now saying 26 million.
no Pocahontas 24 mil can opt out of the unaffordable Obamarip
I think you should call it #TrumpDisaster
But on a positive note, Trump will make money.
trump and Ryan only care about billionaires. Leaving poor Americans to DIE from lack of health care coverage. Evil!
Scrooge ethic.. guess they're going to decrease the surplus pop.Without disability coverage I won't stay alive.
#Trumpcare TOTAL FAILURE before it even gets started—just like Trump. Failure.
even tho he hasn't technically failed yet at all...
that amount s to premeditated murder!
Donald trump is the worst president ever 
by the time anything bad happens #45 will be gone along with his ambition to stomp on the poor for profit
You speak as if they care? They don't. They didn't care to begin when those folks were without, so why now would they care?
Stop hating this plan in place and just work on tweeting it, that would be the smart thing to do and working with ALL
let's use a hashtag that's a little more accurate instead of #Trumpcare -- #TrumpDoesntCare ,RT if you agree
Dint you have work to do?
Rip it away???   These are people who when elect no Healthcare if the government didn't coerce them to buy it!!
#Trumpcare #Trumpcare #Trumpcare #Trumpcare
He lies!
her statement is actually 100% false. Read the report. It doesn't say that at all.
at least they won't be fined by goverment for not having it. Like the democrates did to the people
if you worked as hard for the people as you do trashing trump u mite get something done!  Dumdass
I am not happy but I want people to remember this in two years and also the presidencial election
@GespenstOne78 @BostonGlobe 
Pocahontas, remember budget people said 24m on ACA now. How many??? 9m. Oops. Be persistent and get back to your dung pile.
increase older working Americans cost. Age discrimination affecting quality of life.
come on is anyone really surprised??
Health &Pharmaceutical companies come out the winners. Despicable of GOP/Ryan.Another Trump promise wrecked 4 low income voters
Trump,as so many r finding out now, doesn't give a DAMN about American working man,middle/lowercase.WASTED our votes on a PHONY
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS44  ACA is the best thing that even happened to Americans.Ryan should wake up & smell the coffee.
@SpeakerRyan Speaker Ryan is a pathological liar ..So who are the republicans fighting for?
Why do people think this is only for unemployed? In my state the unemployed do "not" get insurance with this law.
These people are self-employed and small business owners.They pay taxes and have rights too! #Trumpcare
So much for that promise he made to keep everyone covered.Not!
tax credits only help people paying taxes, Medicaid provides healthcare for the poor. Republicans don't want do that
vote the madness out! Thank you for your efforts to keep the resistance strong.
hey Pocahontas. Who listens to liars nobody
He looks like a real 'special' type of POTUS in that picture!
Hmmm....nope.  You are lying to your followers.  Good thing there aren't many of them.
healthcare should be right for every American whether they are Democrat or Republican. The Republicans need to fix Obamacare￼
makes me so mad!! Tired of trumpet and his cronies!
Still got mine!
will not, wouldn't you say?
You are a real animal behind the tweet. Can't ans a few questions live and on air cause your in it for yourself
please continue the fight. This is horrible situation for American people.
lets not forget the massive tax cuts the wealthy will receive 2.Sick of this jerkoff, he's exhausting &Im burnt out from his lies
@BillBrimblecom @BostonGlobe are those the 24m young people who are forced to have it?
did you read the post?
holy crap!! What the hell @SpeakerRyan
Hmmmm what did the CBO say about the Obama plan?  Swing and a miss on that one...
Yes, they thought 20 mil would get insured, but only 8 mil did. Those poor 8 mil, right? Don't worry, GOP taking away
so sad
@NBC  @ABC @RealDonaldTrump Your Word Means Nothing! 24 Million Lose HealthCare. 50 & Over Lose Medicaid Expanded Too
@Mysstyblue @BostonGlobe Go away nothing you say has any truth to it! Pay back the money you owe thief
Trump Bill cuts 37 Billion by ending coverage for 24 Million people. 37B divided by 24M = $1542 each. ACA is a great plan!
what can we do it's time for you all to STOP THIS MADNESS
yep same old BS numbers as before!  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/03/cbo-praised-obamacare-off-115-billion-pans-gop-healthcare-bill-today/ …
@indivis_macomb @BostonGlobe and over one million of those who will lose coverage are from Illinois
Welp, see ya later.
24M on Medicade paying nothing! Get off their dead ass's and get a freaking job! Go to work. Pay your way!
the GOPs rushed this!
Just know that our health care system is cumbling. This will make it worse by yanking the floor out from under it.
I know first hand as a health care provider what it's like to have any sense of security just taken as a result of greed.
Lied again Donald
Watch faithful Trump voters not believe the evidence before them.
What did Obamacare do. Maybe the Russians that you "didn't meet with" were able to get health care. Ask the Russian diplomat!
No surprise. Republicans have never done anything for average Americans.
That's probably because GOp's managed to jam a massive tax cut for the wealthiest 1%  UNAMERICAN hatefulness.
how is it that this circus was allowed to come to town?
Dear #gop, I don't think you can afford to poss off 24 million voters, can you? Are you really stupid? WE aren't!
#VotingIn2018
so.additional 4 million people?
Give us their health care plan.
I'D LIKE THAT.
Just tell everybody how the republicants are failing Americans. An go win mid-terms & governorships.
Apparently just because Trump is so old he doesn't give a darn....just put the money in his pocket.
my premiums are so high and with a 11 thousand deductible I think twice about going to the doctor
exactly 24 million? Could it be 24.2 or 21.5 million. Did you count all of them? Can I have their names? Oh just a made up number
sadly millions of Americans voted for him and believed what he said to them!

GOO doesn't care. They just hated obama so much. Nothing to do with healthcare. They have no plan except backwards
RIGHT. THIS TIME WILL YOU READ THE BILL. AND INSTEAD IF COMPLAINS LETS WORK WITH THEM ON BEHALF OF THE PEOPLE
Oh Lizzie your not telling the whole story.
@MommaJude1 I hope the #USSenate gives a resounding #bipartisandefeat to #Trumpcare after breaking another major promise to #USA!
lol like Obama did with his o bomb a care!
now that the numbers are out what does trump say?  Does he realize what's gonna happen? Does he care?
I very bad judgment on Donnies part
:(
thank you Senator Warren.  I'm worried about so many people.  I work at a High School.  All people need medical and mental insur.
So I won't have to deal with 17 pages of Federal instructions just to complete compliance forms for every employee, sweet?
seems like a simple solution - he can just fire the experts and hire some Wall Street guys! He can fix this in a few hours.... 
thank you for all you do #Iam1ofthe14million
What happened to everyone would be covered, Mr. Trumpsky!
they deserve it. Since they voted for the conman
@SpeakerRyan Ryan has never met a vulnerable single parent, one income, that he cannot personally NJOY destroying#EndMedicaidRyan
Your 'fake experts' R incorrect. Besides,BO's plan 'forced' PPL 2 buy insurance butVeryFew could use it-couldn't reach deductible
#trumpcare @SpeakerRyan Ryan will destroy Medicaid if he can, putting the weakest at deaths door, creating #trumpcareDeathPanels
I see what you did there *rip*  That's a good one, but not what's actually being ripped away 
They were WRONG the first time and they are wrong NOW YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED TERM LIMITS COMING ELIZABETH; )
@POTUS #ProtectOurCare #ObamaCare #ImpeachTrump #LiarInCharge
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan  Call it by its best name: #ChumpCare.
outrageous!
I'm outraged that they believe this is ok & better than ACA. Don't they know anyone who relies on ACA? Fools!
please
we all need to always tag the owner of this garbage.... Trumpcare....not GOP plan
only ones who win are the rich and ins companies 
more than are on Obama Care? You're so funny.
ALL THIS HYSTERIA B/C OF SO CALLED BUDGET EXPERTS...OMG..please #Boston if you love #America vote Warren out!!!
question. How many Americans will lose their healthcare anyway on the current course if premiums keep skyrocketing?
@KarenMacMatt unacceptable.  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 2018 and 2020 are not far off.  @SpeakerRyan your "fiscal expertise" is a scam
In other words, they may possibly be murdering 24 million people.  Who will pay their taxes? #RussiaTrump
well isn't this just a shocker
so much diseption by the DNC. Report the whole story Pocahnas
Another new day, another new mess from Trump. Who will he blame this time?
we CAN'T let this happen!! DON'T VOTE FOR IT!
We know how to read. BS
Single payer Universal Health Care for everyone
yes, and defund medicare, while providing less care for more money. 65 year old w/ $4000 voucher, costs will triple.
