Then WHY do you support DESTROYING American women abroad? #shameonyou 
END citizen tax'n & toxic twin #FATCA #TaxReform17
.@TheDemocrats support for #women is a big #lie. They use #FATCA 2force us into financial dependency &lock us out of jobs &banks. #TaxReform
.@SenWarren is a notorious #FATCA cheerleader. She doesn't listen to @DemsAbroad & wants to carry on destroying #AmericanWomen #overseas.
#fightlikeagirl 
And don’t practice Socialism like Sen. Warren.
Try again Doug. Look up socialism and then read the US Constitution. While you’re at it, do some real research on the Senator from Mass.
Thanks you
And if you can, take $$$ from rapists and go silent hoping the news cycle blows it past..... #mapoli
...and take money from Harvey Weinstein when he offers it to your campaign.
And give that same money to charity when Weinstein was outed. But let’s stay on topic. Warren is a great role model.
I know several women who do well and there everwhere,just something else to complain about,tired of hearing this crap
Thank you for all what you do. I hopping you will run for president.
The people of the State of Nevada are behind you
This is the President
This is the Democrat Party
Oh, you don't know who she is? Here's the Democrat Party.
Still get a pass? Here's the Democrat Party.
Still get a pass?! Here's the face of the Democrat Party.
Picking up where Robert KKK Byrd left.
fake photo
Last photo is but his past isn't!
Girls have all the same rights men do!!!
Liz ever hear of the weaker sex. It's not a put down but a fact no matter what you think. Weaker physically but not  mentally.
Go girl
Have you returned Weinstein's money yet or are you one of his warriors in the war against women?
#DayoftheGirl because Equal Means Equal. Thank you Senator Warren for persisting. We love you!  http://Humanrightsfest.com 
A woman's heart when protecting what is sacride and just. Have the heart of a Lion and the Fierceness of a cougar. Hell have no fury as a
As a pissed off Woman. Only women possess a supernatural power when protecting their own. IRONED JAWED ANGELS THE NAME GIVEN TO THEM BY MEN!
Thanks
You are truly an inspiration to women, girls, and even men across the globe, Senator.  
Thanks you

Lies.  Vote Warren out!!!!
And girls who are as good as you are win those contests, in spite of snarky professional no-nothing trolls whom you scare. #Resist #smart
Then please ditch Bernie and have a real women's movement. Can't support you while you're keeping company with that joke of a politician.
Really?  Where is your outrage over the Hollywood sexual allegations...oh, wait...Weinstein is a huge Hillary donor
I know this one: 
I was thrilled that i am able to obstruct progress to make it better for women and America.  Happy to be a DEMONcrat
Make higher wages part of tax reform

Go girj


That's easy.  You said "Now I can talk again" since when you opened your mouth against Scott Brown you stuck your foot in every time.
Just stay away from predator Libs like Weinstein and Bill Clinton.
And join Boy Scouts
I suppose it's true that they had a girl as he Senator Pocahontas
Because that’s what girls do.  Thank you @SenWarren
We have to keep fighting stand up
America
Hey Pocahontas, don't you mean "squaws"?
Have you put out a statement on Harvey?
Yeeessss
You mean grow up and act like a woman?
Get off the "gender war." That and race is all you libs have. YEAH I'M TALKING TO YOU @ChelseaClinton @SenWarren
This is not about those girls, it's about you.
Scalp em you redskin!
I tell ya, one if the things I love about @SenWarren is you can tell she is a genuine person. She really cares


GET A GUN!
Women should fight equally hard to bar known liars from the Senate. Here is the first one we should start with.
"...you look nice, but don't run for Senate."  What the hell kind of comment was THAT for someone to make? Thanks for not listening.
did you make a pinky promise when you agreed on the $700B killing machine production corporate welfare fund? Just f'n stop please
-How come you & Hillary, who pretend that you are for "girls& women, remain quiet about the 3 decade long sexual abuse of innocent young starlets by Democrat friend & financial backer Weinstein? U don't CARE!

LOL, are you sure you are using the proper gender pronoun?
keep up your identity politics with no actual plan your mask is coming off!

@michelemorrow Girls Rock!
Girls also run for President too!
Just like the girls in Hollywood. You are such an elitist hypocrite
This is why we love Senator Warren.  

Bring it on, Schilling.
Girls can be senators and run the country as well. They can do every thing . They must not under estimate their power given by god.
Senator the Girl Scouts are quaking in their boots why not let boys into the Girl Scouts
Tell all those girls to stay away from pervert Dems! I guess that means ALL DEMS! U ppl continue to cover up ur evil deeds!
Pocohlyinghontas, you are no role model for girls, the only barriers you faced is when your lies weren't good enough to get u what u wanted.
Fight like a warrior #OsunOyaIyemoja
Love girls but they don't love me
And when all else fails - Tell them your American Indian to get benefits like she did. Otherwise LIE like a politician!
Equal Pay--get it Done Please
Thank you for inspiring all of us Senator Warren!  You ROCK!
Lieawatha speak with forked tongue and entitled wapuum. Time to put her medicine bag in DNA test for authenticity.
#StrongGirlsStrongWomen
You knew about Harvey and you still took his money. Please, don't be giving advice to my 5 grand daughters.
You mean like Hillary.....she lost
What if you’re a boy?
yeah true
Mrs Warren I would agree. But ladies to not take funny money from bad people when running for office. As Mrs Warren does.
I admire you so much for showing the world nothing is impossible. Thanks for always encouraging girls and women that nothing is impossible!!
Don't you mean keep on warpath like phony Indian?
Crazy - yeah. That's how it goes...
@rissa_3717 @babypekarsky @LulaMay95
Even though there is a call for you to run for POTUS you are more effective as a senator and committee member. Sad but true.
Divide and conquer...always a liberals go to
A message, I think, my daughter needs to hear right now. Thank you, Senator!
It's hard being a rich white woman...oh sorry Native American.  Rich white Native American, wait no she's not white then...
So the Native American angle didn't work now your stoking the women thing...got it
Run for potus ‘21

Ah yes play one group off against another its called disunity and its what Hitler used.
She knew she was going to be asked that, she knew the girl's name.  I can't stand Sen.Warren, I am a women and I feel that Warren is EVIL.
Yea, like your big donors in Hollywood! The perform sexually for movie parts & big pay checks
#PinkyPromise
“And when you’re a multi-millionaire, Delaney, you too can buy a seat in Congress”
Lol ...and boys?
Definitely Presidential!


#DayoftheGirl is not a good day for two Kidnapped Girls Huda and Huma Unfortunately...
#FreedomToKacmazFamily 
We need a women's future month in addition tho a women's history month.
Elizabeth, girls do run for President. In 2020 please!
Love such s great woman!! God bless you
Appreciate YOU!!! You are truly awesome!!!

Great
It’s time for you to pass the torch and ride into the sunset, Liz.  #TermLimits #MandatoryRetirement

You are a great woman/ senator . I wish we had a woman like you in our country to interrogate our corrupt politicians in pakistan
Love this!! It’s a great message for girls of all ages!
Fighting like a girl is having one hand tie behind your back because our politicians have not prioritized girls equality. But keep fighting-
Of course we don’t in AL . Remember Judge Roy Moore was elected twice here! #AGSessions from here. Patriarchal society runs rampant!
<3
How much money did you take from Weinstein?
I don't mind a women who is a fighter and stands up for what she believes but a women needs to know her place is behind her man . eppelin
And the man should know where did he come from !! A woman's womb.
Girls do not have to cheat and lie to win unlike the people represented by the DemoCraps. How about the election fraud you were silent on?
The best human for the job.  Period.
All of us Americans face challenges living in  this over taxed do nothing government we live in Pocahontas
Why do organized women's organizations not give a shit about MALE GENITAL MUTILATION.
Yes sue and accuse everybody. It is a female birth right to get what you want even if you are not qualified or deserving.
The girls have more barriers today, from cult democratic beliefs, than from the time of women suffrage begin.
You inspire me! Thank you for being the voice of reason!
Lizzy Warren...The Queen Of Hate!!!  The Goddess Of Bitter!!
@SenWarren , just like Pocahontas, right?
@MissAlKanan Nevertheless, she persisted.
Senator Warren is such a delightful human being.She is a hardworking woman who never failed to amaze me! #leadership
Thanks Elizabeth keep fighting
What do these "GIRLS" all have in common? Respect INDIVIDUALITY! See http://www.spankingfit.com/     #SaveHumanity #DayoftheGirl ???
They will. In TN and AZ and eliminate one in MO. Those 3 examples are a for sure happening.
To all the girls, please don't follow any example set by this lying Democrat.
That was just so sweet. 
Are you going to tell the girls that you have no problem lying.  Like you are Native American? You are a fraud and a bad example for girls?
Like a Weinstein girl, or like Hilary?  Both are the same.
Women are far worse to each other than anyone else.
Barf

Who told you not to run. Is Massachusetts that much of a backwards state that people told you not to run. That's terrible #worktogether
And yet you accept money from a perv like Harry Weinstein! Hypocrite!
You're not a woman.  You haven't completed your final surgery to remove your junk! You are still legally a man.
Did you just assume their gender?
Oh good grief.   Girls Graduation rates from HS and College are higher than Boys.  We have elevated girls at the expense of our sons.
Guess you haven't seen the Jimmy Kimmel video the last couple days....Asking women to feel the front of his pants...Can't make this stuff up
What a great role model!
And don’t wait 10 years to accuse someone who sexually assaults you.
But Warren will not speak honestly about Muslims molesting young girls. @realDonaldTrump will win again in 2020!
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!!! You are a treasure and an inspiration. Persist!!!!!
Stay away from pervert Democrats and you'll do fine!
When is Day of Boys for the boys facing challenges of people telling them how bad they are for simply being male?
like the girls who fought against your best friend Weinstein?
"Fight like a girl" means exploit your gender under Title VII, rather than strive like a person #DayofTheGirl.
Yeee, let's tell parents too!
Massachusetts had never elected an Indian squah to the Senate before. #FakeIndian  Heap big liar!
Everyone faces challenges. barriers & "no", which they overcome by striving; not fighting.
And still she persisted! I thank and love u for that. U, Maddow, Hillary, Waters, The Notorious RBG...have more balls then gop collectively
Because that’s what girls do!
#DayOfTheGirl
Thank YOU from all of us girls for NOT GIVING ONE DAMN SINGLE FUCK WHAT ANYONE SAID and continuing to fight for not just girls, but all USA!
Fight like a fake indian girl !!
Thank you for the inspiration and role model you are for all of us woman and young girls.  Keep fighting the fight.
I agree ,but also securing the borders would certainly cut down on international sex trafficking.Elizabeth are you ok with sex trafficking?
Please enforce the 25th Amendment before we have a nuclear war!
Awesome!
or be like me and check the right box
You play identity politics really well.
I love you, @SenWarren!
To all those girls, struggling: welcome to equality; men too, struggle. Life’s like that, thus the adages, “Life’s hard.” & “Work hard.”
"Girls do run for the Senate." Yes, they do!
Please -- you were mostly worried about having to give up all those cushy big-fee consulting gigs for banks.  #phony  #fauxcahontas
And visit her in hell when your both there
Of course to Pocahontas that means degrade your self. Objectify yourself to get ahead. Ask govt for bc and seek abortions when that fails
like democrat supporter harvey weinstein.
That's as homest as your native American heritage. You had the financial support of tje seated POTUS. You're an establishment hypocrite.
Thank you for your service!
Love this!! You are very inspiring!
So who's telling them No? Or are you just telling them that so they think your some hero, your not.
That’s right. Move on. Empower yourself. Dwelling on the past and looking for vengeance doesn’t help you -it holds you back
I @SenWarren. Thank you for all you do.
Girls/women need to realize their power as the MAJORITY & Stand Up, Step up, Speak Up & VOTE ! #VoteTheGOPBUMSOUT in 2018/2020 !
#NeverthelessShePersisted
That's not what you did. You ran completely on identity politics w/ Gov. Patrick carrying your water for you & robbed us of @SenScottBrown
Pocahantas knows work as how to adjust her resume upwards.
