Go away Warren. Your a fool.
your got it with Gorsuch.  It will really be done when the next judge retires or passes.
Oh, so NOW you want an independent Supreme Court...clever Pocahontas...clever
Don't worry. Hopefully Gorsuch will help balance out the bias of those Obama appointees.
I'm sorry your judge didn't get in the Supreme Court. We were people get to keep our rights like out second amendment.
Yeah and honesty in congress, really need to discuss that...you know when congress members tell bold faced lies and get caught. Bad.
Thank u and so glade Pres Trump got a good man 4 the repladement
we need to ange the rules regarding this too, no nuclear vote ever in america supreme court pick it should be a team work.
You changed then first.  Live with your mistakes.
Thank you for doing your best to stop Gorsuch. There is a special place in hell for McConnell and the GOP who voted him in.
Libtards.  Ya gotta wonder.  They never give reasons, facts or proof.  They just shoot their foolish mouths off
I don't know why you have such a foul ideals, but there is no reason to fear diversity. Let go of your fear and hate and walk in the light.
True Muslims do not want to kill us. Your ignorance keeps you bound to hate and fear. Learn the truth about Muslims. Stop the hate and lies.
I do not drink kool-aide, but thanks for the heads up. Wake up and see the truth. Muslims are not your enemy. Hate and ignorance are!!!!!
You mean Liberal supreme Court. Don't you , 
Pocahontas !
I totally agree!  Absolutely!  Which is why it is great that ole Neil has been confirmed.  Why did you not support him?
You are the QUEEN of rationality. Never stop what you're fighting for because there are too many of us that agree with you but can't help
Agreed, independent of free thinkers that make law instead of following it.
And you will keep losing - please retire Ruth!
Resign!
Fight all u want.  You better hope the remaining court lives forever.  Lol
Y not base SCOTUS system on simply alternating nominators from party2party (Dems next) 4 each opening, regardless of which party's in power?
We have a strong independent court now, your just pissed because your loud mouth and LIES got you zero, the People win again
#congress should make laws that are clear enough to not need #SCOTUS interpretation if you want to take the teeth from this court
Let's get on with running this country.
-  independent! You leftists don't want independent. You want ideologues to create your perceived social justice parameters
Just playing by the dems rules!! How's it working for you? Thanks dems for rule change! Couldn't have nominated with out your help!!
We need constitutional Court which doesn't take away freedom of the people by re-writing laws put in place by two other bodies of US govt.
BZZZTTT! You lose and America wins.
What we need is to put in prison traitors like you.
Bah ha ha ha
How's Justice Ginsburg feeling these days?   Shouldn't she be considering retirement?  William Pryor would be an awesome replacement for her
In all honesty this was the wrong time for this fight. Scalia's seat was not the time to demand compromise. Ruths is. #NowWhat? #ScrewedUs!
I think it's bullshit, garland not even  a meeting I hate GOP!!!  Very unfair please do something!!
Yes, as long in your regard it is loaded with Liberal judges. Did you leave that part out? Stop thinking party and do whats best for the USA
no you re fighting for a liberal SC.  Let's be real
SO ... you think that Republicans SHOULD put a Liberal on the Supreme Court?  What world do you live in?  It's not your turn.
POCAHONTAS--you just continue to divide and hide behind the thin veil of so called "tolerance". You are a fraud!
Don't forget who dared to change the rules first. What goes around comes around.
Must keep fighting this monsterous maniac and his his heartless, shamefull administration.
@SenWarren
Especially now! Shoot our enemies could buy all our information and Make us there piggy bank! Smh... And in top of that!
We Would Be At risk! Let's see GOP Can now buy you're email list of voters and donators and @Dnc could but there mailing list.  Smh
And our children's information will be bought and sold? Like this is wrong on so many levels and not to mention unconstitutional! Smh
@FCC should not be able to allow anyone's private search history or purchase history or social security numbers to be sold to anyone!
Yup, just like we should be able to Fight for our privacy rights! We need to Fight the @TomWheelerFCC on this! No one should have to worry!
Will Gorsuch need to discuss all his rulings with McConnell? My guess is yes. GOP stooge.
It's headed towards a corporate world #USA-Inc and people don't matter
That you are a lady
Just keep ranting and raving and make no sense. Thanks for 4 more years of Trump. I love it. Get a clue "lady". And I don't mean that
Thought you were told to keep your mouth shut and stay in your lane. So put your obedient spring bonnet on an go with the flow downhill
stop it. Your bias is showing.
1.U idiots changed the rule! 2.Ur one sided court is done! 3.Fight for us not Ur political selfish agenda! 4.We're stronger now than ever!
you have no power,elections have consequences,Dems just keep losing,wait until 2018 super majority,you ain't seen nothing yet
... I think you mean well but you're just wrong @SenWarren.   That's the nicest thing I can say.
I'm shocked a supreme court judge has not blocked trump's idea to change a 200 year rule yet!
Strength in eye of beholder. Thag think Gorsuch adds much strength to #SCOTUS . Pound sand crazy lady.
Dizz-Lizz go pound salt!
your dad Harry Reid did this now you have to live with it. maybe you would have won if you paid women fairly.
Still an idiot
So do something w/Ginsberg since she was openly political this past election, thus not independent. She will have to recuse herself.
switch on Liz, there are more problems in the county and world that warrant your attention. Take time off from the campaign trail
Looks like we are going to war tonight.
Doesn't matter, Congress is now redundant. They can all go home and vote online on a simple web page every week, until the next election.
Thank you Liz. You're making the 2018 elections even more likely to be a R landslide.
Thank you for your commitment to the people
play nice and work together with the new scotus
Strong and independent yes. Broad public support no. Court shouldnt be in hand of the people- they should be in hands of the law
Don't you mean a liberal POS court system that kills babies and supports transgenders even though there's no such thing.
Yes, Gorsuch who follows the Constitution vs one that follows the bidding of the DNC!
You only pay women 71 cents on the Dollar Pocahontas what a sham and a shame
What an embarrassment u hypocrite fraud. #draintheswamp & #TermLimits #WarrenMakesAmericaSick #Resign and go away
You're embarrassing us, women! Please stop saying you're fighting for "us." Your obnoxious mouth & record proves your hypocrisy.#Trumptruths
Pay your female employees equal pay. Lol fool
Keep fighting, resisting, investigating. There has to be a way to get through this nightmare. Thank you for your hard work!
I'm totally struggling with the whole "independent but with broad public support" thingy. Anybody?
so you’re supporting Gorsuch? Great. Finally some common sense.
Exactly since you and the rest of the Dems loaded the federal judgeships with extreme liberals
Tell me, when have Democrats EVER followed the rules? 

#ThePartyOfLies
Hmmm........
How?
My suggestion of a Secret Ninja Society to #Impeach45  is lookin even better now keep fighting my fellow Tulsan!!!
continue wasting your time, you too can be replaced
The technology is already here that would enable...THE PEOPLE to directly elect supreme court judges (at press of a button).
He is a bought SC judge.
We both know if someone doesn't get this shit on the road & get the reins out of this lunatics hands we are gonna end up in WWIII! #Nullify
Thank you!
With Kennedy on the verge of retirement, RGB on death's door, how will you keep fighting for it? You now have only 48 votes...
In the words of Don Meredith, I am afraid it's time to "turn out the lights, the party is over USA
How about letting the McConnell know America will charge him with "Violation of LongStanding"! WE won't stand for this again!!
Reap what you so. ... so I hope you love @tedcruz for the next scotus bc you own it. God bless @realDonaldTrump & America  #roycoopersucks
A nominee appointed by a @POTUS that lost popular vote, has campaign under investigation, and when Russia aided election. Not okay.
@POTUS won the 30 popular votes that count. National popular vote was excluded from the Constitution so your statement is a false narrative
Thanks for the quick Constitution lesson. We should probably bring back the 3/5ths compromise, right?

I  the 'false narrative' part. 
3/5 compromise was eliminated via the 14th amdmt. Lawfully. Eliminate electoral college via constitutional convention if one wants it gone
Sounds like a decent idea in today's society.
The problem is you don't want an independent supreme court if you did you wouldn't ask questions on how they feel about certain laws
WE are right there with you Senator Warren, 110%!!
Is there any Federal Judge that can help us out? Or how about one of the other Supreme Court Judges? They know the law better!
Go take a nap lol
It's time you Americans realised that politicians should have no involvement in the appointment of judges & judges shouldn't be political
Thank you for watching out for us.
Typhoid Mary Dem style
Pocahontas
Yes to make socialist government bureaucrat controlled laws independent of congress bureaucracy at work Warren
America was shamed before the world today! GOP can't govern! America will suffer! Please continue to fight for democracy!
Let's file a suit against the republican senate for future obstruction of justice
At least until the women in mass vote you out next term. #fired
I think we need to make some rules about judicial behavior and conflicts of interest.
Clown it not like High School where the popular kids decide how to run the school. The Law should be blind to popularism.
How did that work out
Go ahead.  Ur done but u tell ur constituents that so u have a purpose
Thank you Senator Warren!  Keep up the good work that you & other progressives R doing 4 US(All)!!
#resist #persist #stayloud
Gorsuch most independent #SCOTUS
I'm sure you're aware that at least one other justice will retire soon.  Scotus has leaned right today, thanks God. This is why I voted.
When Dems have control of the Senate again will you change the rule back for the good of our country?  That's the next question.
Is it just me or is it odd that BOTH D & R Party Brass seem 2 be cool w changing the rules AFTER they've lost?
#whiteout2win
We just got a justice like that, thank God! Sorry its not the non-white, non hetero, non male person you want. BTY, TY for 20 TRILLION DEBT!
Thank you for your vigilance. I feel so helpless.
I love you truthfulness, Fauxcahontas. LOL.
Yes keep up the obstructionism. It really looks great on you
#StolenSeat #StopGorsuch
Keep Fighting !! Oh wait.   U lost already.  Ha ha
If they can change the rules for SCOTUS why didn't obama change them to get his NOM in there?? Makes NO sense!!
Those of U asking her 2 keep fighting, she'll b busy a couple of times a year teaching a class for $400K. Then, she will ask 4 free school
Trump only gets his nominees through until the '18 elections & Dems retake Senate - IF America survives til then.
Independent courts has never been the desire of the Left, harken back to FDRs court packing.
McConnell has never been a straight shooter.
what the GOP has done is unconscionable and cannot be forgiven or forgotten.  VOTE THEM OUT!!
Massachusetts should be proud to have a champion for the true American values and a fighter for the rights of all Americans.Don't quitPlease
The next @TheDemocrats prez should add to SCOTUS 4 extra, young, and very liberal justices using today's rule changes! #GarlandNotGorsuch
You appear to be wrongly emboldened by your people's convincing defeat of Custer.
Thank you @senwarren
Demwits have played their last card badly!
Maybe try actually supporting our President Elizabeth. Obstructionist.
Please continue your good work, Sen. Warren. We need you.
How can the GOP just keep dismantling all the checks and balances that are supposed to be the cornerstone of democracy?
What we don't need are lying nut jobs in the senate, sackofcrapajawea
Where was this bull**** line of yours when Dems were electing district court judges by the handful with the nuclear option? Silent then....
Pres. Obama had a chance to bend (not break) the rules. Now we are in this mess. Not surprised. Thanks for trying.
Why is it that since January the words 'loathe' and "Trump" appear so often in the same sentence?
Keep fighting what
#fakenews
#syriahoax
#youareVD
Damn McConnell a dirty SOB
It's sad that this REPUBLICAN ADMINISTRATION DOES NOT CARE. THEY ARE ONLY WORRIED ABOUT APPEARANCES AND CAMPAIGN PROMISES HURTING THE MASSES
What we need is term limits on SCOTUS judges 10 yrs tops.Lifetime appointment is ridiculous.Would be different if judges weren't partisan.
#Resist We're supporting u We can't let GOP weaken our resolve. Democrats for Democracy.  We believe in constitution and rights.
they teach us in elem school that the Supreme Court is akin to wise gurus on a mountain top.   more like rod tidwell show me the$
Not right to cheat and change the rules
And we the public will keep fighting against politicians who lie and claim their Native Americans and steal jobs!
@realDonaldTrump which is why dems shouldn't have filibustered. At least they gave us the nuclear option! Thankful for Gorsuch!
Thank you 
