your trying to be like @realDonaldTrump with all your Tweets - so cute but it won't make you president.
Besides who would ever want to be like trump - YUCK
Yes every Dept needs some cuts unless your wallet wants to pay for #smallergov
GOP have an amazing tolerance for white collar criminals who exploit the nonaffluent, who have few choices (payday & title loans etc)!
Elections have consequences.
@potus You don't give one damn about the middle class.
Excellent news! You should get this up on smoke signals asap!
Mean nasty elitists care only about themselves.
Good!! They are unaccountable for their illegal actions-Director should be held accountable to Congress
In cases like this it is easy to tell if they are #venalstupidignorant although an evil combination of two or more is always possible
Yep.  What a joke that was. The CFPB was is worthless. Only costing the people it wanted to protect more money.
Good. Fuck the CFPB.
We have local Omnibus-men to do that for free! And the States Consumers Advocates Office too!
Not on my watch! Stop Senate GOP from doing the same
Pocahontas and every Democrat votes no for the American people the sky is falling Chicken Little the sky is falling Chicken Little
good for them. Must be more to story then your telling us pocohanas!
support your elected president, Elizabeth. Be a leader!  Quit hurting America with derision and hate
Are you insane. Do you seriously think the @CFPB is just a bunch of deadbeats sitting around? They have saved billions for regular people.
Donald Trump is president, Hollywood.Libs need to accept it&work WITH our elected officials
Yeah!
Good. Now let's close the Edu and Energy Depts
Defund the disastrous CPFB now.  Anything this lying fake Indian is for is bad for USA.  #takeabloodtest #FakeIndian
Good
I didn't know that the @CFPB performs abortions?
What can we do? Feeling hopeless.
so furious...not right
Great. It does not do what you represent it does. It certainly doesn't serve the 98% & you should be more honest about it.
They prey on the uneducated and take advantage of them every single chance they get... And, somehow they pull it off.
Caveat emptor
Because consumer protection is bad for business?
What's WRONG with #GOP? They're supporting big business & lobbyists! NOT THE PEOPLE! Shame on them! #VoteOutGOP! #VoteOutTrump! #VoteBlue!
I'm shocked daily by the hubris of the republicans. 2018!
Didn't Obama just give a speech to the big banks for 400k , he is in bed with them nobody is complaining about that
Have you read their stupid regulations? Probably not.
Lizzy has 8 or 9 figures in her bank account
They are totally dismantling our country; fast track Russia probe, PLEASE
F-ing criminals.
Once again pretending to save $ at the American public's expense. Come on Americans.  Get involved and demand representation!
Shame on them! Keep up the fight Ms Warren!
More vets died under you and Obummer watch and failed the VA. You don't care about vets or working families
That's because your representatives sat on their butts for 7 years. Now they are going to give to to BIGLY. Hope you are happy.
Good
Good, good. Saving $$ hurts & we taxpayers know it better than you!
You don't know much about cost benefit do you. We have funded them a fraction of how much they have saved us.
Good. No government agency should be allowed to take the money and not be accountable to anyone in government as that agency has been.
Our tax dollars hard at work
You have more tweets on here than Fox News and cbs combined
Thank God, democracy is coming back to America you quasi communist !
Were you getting money from that like your Boston Law Firms Straw Donor Program?
Because they are right, and as usual Liz, you are wrong.
Is that the place where you lost $10M you never had to account for...????
CFPB also watches over loan lender/guarantors for student loans...what a world, what a world
We cannot allow the Reeps to cut programs that protect all Americans! #Pathetic!  #Returnto2008...
IGNORANCE WILL PREVAIL
GREAT! Enough of that crap!
Follow the money for every one of them! Some illegal, treason, unethical etc. out them!
Republicans are repugnant
Republicans are morally bankrupt
Bout time they got a vote right!
Come election day, the American citizens need to send over 500 people to the unemployment line.#fedupwithwashington
Well I do declare Bolregard Sessions is a dolt of the umpteenth degree, and the Treasury is full of Foxes, need we protect them chickens yes
Of course they did!They're afraid of its power; they get paid to eliminate controls over their benefactors;they all run from accountability.
Disgraceful
Of course, they did.....
I'm sure I'll enjoy predatory lending practices way more than not having predatory lending practices
This looks like a website! How much money are you talking about?
Of course..dumb down serves a purpose for the GOP.
Of course they did. They don't want consumers to be protected, they want them turned upside down and shaken til their pockets are empty.
Not surprised.
Wake up America! Take note on who is voting for their own personal $$ gain vs their constituents best interest and FIGHT their Re-Elections!
Exactly!!!WE WILL ALL BE VOTING NEXT YEAR - SO TAKE NOTICE HOW YOU REP. VOTES!
Of course they did. Swamp dwellers
That should shut down some of the corruption in our government but I'm sure the democrats have more fingers in the pie.
That is a stupid comment.
Liz- Why do you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're Acting like you're somebody else, gets me frustrated #Avril
Why would the GOP be interested in protecting consumers, when it's so much more profitable to protect their own wallets?  Shameful!
Which is why you of all people should have supported restoration of #transparency across financial system & ending bankers' grip on DC
Of course they did, with Trump rolling back regulations, they don't want an Agency that will protect the Public from abuses by Banks!
Umm... "Every single Republican in the house"...
It's literally how her tweet starts...
It's clear who the GOP is looking out for, and if you don't have seven figures in your bank account, it isn't you.
Don't want the common folk to know how to manage.  That would cut down on the 1% 's profit margins.   Sigh........
of course.  on healthcare, dump poorest sick; on consumer rights, off those with claims CFPB could help.  rich get richer/rest get screwed
What difference does it make?: Ryan told @POTUS to sign CR that has CFPB funding.
Excellent! That's why we elected them.
Just as the Kochs wanted.
Hey, where's your feather?
Bloody Shameful
Don't let them get away with it
What a disgusting excuse for a government!! 
People wanted this. Hope they enjoy all of it.
GOP do not care about protecting the people from being victimized by corporate greed. Disgusting.
Their demise is inevitable.
It is his fault also if he denies its true
Every single Republican eats creamed corn
Because they are terrible people.
It's time to repeal and replace the @GOP
Awesome
