Did you forget it was *you* and your liberals that forced banks to lend to high risk borrowers? Any economic downfall was/is on you.
Amusing to hear CRA blamed on Wall Street, rather than Dems screaming "discrimination" because banks wouldn't lend to poor credit risks.
Barney Frank and the Democratic Party created the mess by thinking everyone should own a home.
Yea..no thanks to government which orchestrated the whole loan program in the first place
when federal gov(you)made banks loan$ to people they knew never would"could"pay it back.They had to do it or be sued by Feds.
no you havn't. women speaks with forked tongue
Whatever progress dems have made against Wall Street won't last, not with the current fascist regime ruling all 3 branches of government.
for 8 years Wall Street has gotten rich from obama policies!!!!!
No. For the entire Obama presidency Republicans obstructed--they blocked any policies that would reign in Wall Street.
You and the Democrats have been living under a rock TRUMPS getting it done not you! You demacrats haven't done ANYTHING in 20 years!!!!!!!!!
Which president bill clinton policy created
it was you dems that caused the real estate collapse that caused the recession ask Barny Frank
Yeah, you lost $5trn from the DOD lost $500m in Hud "Now Found By @RealBenCarson" and screwed Wall Street with Dodd Frank #GoodJob #TheFive
I guess you prefer letting Wall St just run wild  & we bail them out again? You must be a rich republican.
It was the federal gov making loans through "Fannie&Freddie" never going to be payed back "with no chance of paying it back. Low interest
You're talking about Clinton's expansion of Fannie/Freddy and the govt backing loans for unqualified borrowers? You disgust me
You simpleton We know what @BarneyFrank did & who threatened lenders. We know Dimms set us up like bowling pins. Hope you lose 2018 you fake
What the heck are you talking about! U must be off your meds again!?!?
Are you really going to try and sell that malarkey?
Funny you blame the banks but never talk about how government forced  banks to give out loans to people they knew could not pay them back
Democrats for subprime loans big fail
What planet are you from? Wow.
If the Clintons hadad not  allowed freddie and fannie to dole out home loans to un qualified people.....the housing bubble would not be..
you seemed to benefit from wall street largesse as much as Hilliary and all your dem benefactors. Hypocahontascrite.
8 years is a long time. I would relax a bit if I were you.
*Gov't forces banks to make risky loans for "social justice".

*Risky loans predictably fail.

*Gov't blames banks.
Banks lent money to people who could not afford it by gov't decree there Pocahontas.
it was the democrats that forced banks to loan money to people that had no chance of paying it back! U elites got rich!
Selective memory much?

really, you have done nothing but run your big manly mouth
Please go away!  We tried your Socialism for 8 years and it was an epic mistake!  America is fed up with you and your Liberal tripe!
You literally don't know history as it actually happened to Americans.  You are so out of touch.
Democrats forced banks to make no doc loans to people who couldn't pay them back. But you keep up with the lies...ur good at it.
To be fair please include the Federal Govt, real estate agents,mortgage brokers,and people who knew they couldn't afford the mortgages!
You mean from that time Dems forced banks to lend people money who didn't otherwise qualify for it and couldn't afford to pay it back?
Do something useful.  #SmashUsury
You lack in economics AND foreign policy. What do you know? Not much from what I understand. #MOAB #Tcot
No it was the government ordering banks to give loans to those who could not pay them back, what BS.
Why did Janet Reno threaten banks to give loans to people who couldn't pay them back? I had to pay for that. I'm still renting.
The fake white lady that spent years lying about being Native American to cheat the system speaks again. How's the foreclosure business?
We should never have got to 2008 allowing that stuff to happen. Remember not to sleep on the job again. It's why we have law makers.
As u can see below @SenWarren the Govt. in the 90's demanding the banks lend to low income & low wage borrowers caused the housing collapse!
Atlantic: "Hey, Barney Frank: The Government Did Cause the Housing Crisis"
Forbes: "The Government Did It"
The Govt demanding that the Banks lend to people with low income & poor credit in the 90's led to the housing collapse! Why do you lie?
Look in the mirror & you'll see the true cause Chief!
Which was caused by democrats demanding banks give mortgages to people that had no business getting them
#hypocrisy you have done nothing to protect US workers from h1b disaster
I hope you run for Prez...how hilarious would that be...do it.
When government forces to many regulations into the system the system grinds to a halt. Observe the last 8 yrs. all from Lib regulations
Libs forced the banking system to give Loans to unqualified people. When they couldn't pay the bills that's when shit hit the fan
Go talk to Barney about it.
THATS DEREGULATION
RICH RICHER
POOR POORER
Not enough
Um, when 107% or 110% no income verification - Interest only loans are backed and pushed by Fed Gov... Where are my Rose colored glasses...
Liar
You're lying...again.  Banks were FORCED by you ppl to give loans they shouldn't have.
Crawl back into your hole.
Actually Congress bullied banks to make subprime mortgages. Read Thomas Sowell. Learn and understand economics.
You are truly an inspiration to all not particularly bright pretend native Americans
The liberal Democrats forced banks to give home loans to poor people who had no ability to pay.  Leftists think everyone should have a home.
You and your ilk's spending, could cause the death of this country, if the interest rates rise high enough. #EnoughOfTheBS
Pay your female staffers equal pay #hypocrite. Stop your war on lower pay for women.
You mean the Wall Street bailout due to Mortgages failing since people were never qualified to have them...Thank to Clinton & Barney Frank
Clinton started the to Big to fail with bailouts for Mexico. Democrats ruined our country. Dems should make amends instead of derailing.
You mean the lying about Fannie & Freddie that Bush screamed about fixing & Barney said, they're ok?
.@SenWarren You mean since Hillary Clinton was paid by Wall Street to "speak"? Is she giving the money back?
Your premise is pure BS. You really have no clue about banking, regulations, & govt. interference with the economy. You screw up ppls lives
The crisis was caused by you forcing the banks to give mortgages to people you knew would never pay them back.
We will really start making progress once @SenWarren is out of office
All your party perpetuated was printing gobs of $ and manipulating int rates to cover your fraud and fleecing of America.
#Loser #Hypocrite #Goofy #RESIGN
. Put Glass-Steagall Act back after Clinton repealed after Wall Street bought them?
Spoken like a true MARXIST/LENINIST. The rich get richer under marxism, the mid cls gets SHIT ON. Independent poor can no longer get mtgs.
 your party caused the damn mess
Do you ever listen to what you say
Yeah! Sure! Right up 'til Nov.8, 2016!
It has crushed the middle and poor classes. the elite are doing very well indeed - see Obama's 8 years of enriching the elite
You are in no position to be an expert in economics.  Go back to being a fake Indian, you fraud!!
Will ALL be REVERSED...u shd hav backed Bernie in MASS
keeping drinking until you make sense cause every time you open your mouth you lie or sound ridiculous
Have you made progress smoking your peace pipe? Fauxcohontas!!
Not good progress not at all
Facilitated by Bill Clinton. Let’s not forget that.
You mean when all the leftists ignored the banks for payoffs that gave loans to anyone who put an x on the line
"Bets" essentially ordered by Barney Frank, you #moonbat
Says millionaire Warren that pays 71% less to her female employees #equalpay she's a joke #thecryinggame #thebitterpill
The only progress we made is when president Trump took over the White House. MAGA
and Congressional laws forced banks to lend money to people who couldn't pay it back which brought the housing market to its knees
2/ @CaseyHinds @sarahkendzior our country will not be able to recover. Invoke 25thAmendment or impeach. This should be your #1 priority.
1/ @CaseyHinds @sarahkendzior Senator, if Trump decides to go to war with North Korea and Syria, you won't have to worry about Wall Street.
What in the world are you talking about. Is there any wall st CEO'S in jail! No how about banks hmm get back to me when the above is done
So the people who bought the homes they knew they couldn't afford are not at fault at all?
@realDonaldTrump you have indeed Senator but the #LiarInChief & his cabinet of #deplorables are going to give it all back #DumpTrump
I hope so.
Considering the dems relaxed all the loan guidelines to diversify motgages
Which is all about to be undone. 
Speaking of economics, do you have $1.00 in exchange for $.71 cents? #EqualPay
YOU have  personally milked your position for $10Mil since then!
http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/otherdata.php?cid=N00033492&cycle=2014 …
It was LIB DEM LAWYERS that brought American Economy to it's knees. Community reinvestment Act, A DEM idea w/no income requirements! DUH!
I'm not sure it has. No one went to jail. The laws never really changed, & we're on to the next bubble. Thanks for fighting, but it hasn't.
...we have? Dodd-Frank isn't worth shit and Glass-Steagall hasn't been reinstated. Literally nothing to prevent the same thing repeating.
Progress? 1 Q E after the other in the last 8 years cost nearly 4 trillion dollars going directly to wall street.
just in time for trump to deregulate them again.
Real progress! Look how much money Wall Street gave to Dem campaigns! Wow what a progress!
Really??? Is it because they no longer FUND KILLARY??
With Trump and the rest of the "no-reg" GOP you have zero chance to pass any regulations protecting the American consumer.
Dems attempts at Consumer Protection has ruined the Country with debt.
Lies lies lies by person who never held a job no less a joke on the senate
Kiss it goodbye
You've done NOTHING but cause more problems DIVIDER
Kiss it goodbye...
Well it's probably going to happen again with these greedy turds in charge.
Where were U when Bernie needed U 2 back him up he was out there going after Wall Street while U backed Hillary who pandered to Wall Street
Bernie is living in his third house paid for by the dnc, you know socialist problems
THIS is one area on which we agree.
Until November 8, 2016 that is. Now we have an unqualified, unfiltered, sc-POTUS and his team taking bids from Wall Street to undo all that.
Progress? Independent investigation would be progress!A new election/vote would be progress! A elimination of electoral collegeprogress!
REally? who cares?
NO WE HAVE NOT QUIT FRONTING THE OWNER OPERATOR FAMILIES THAT RUN THE BANK FOR INTERNATIONAL SETTLEMENT,OUR W-WIDE MAFIA LIZZY U NUTCASE!!

But Trump brought a bunch of the ones that benefited from the HUGE losses the average American suffered. Obama inherited a real can of worms
Great....let's get rid of trump first then deal with the banks.
Don't you mean, when The Obama Administration brought us 2 our knees then bailed out all his pals!!!?
Have we? It seems like we are well on our way again.
Seriously? You call them "bets".  You're really not a stupid woman so speak up and speak true.  It was a collection of inventions
Yes she really is a stupid woman
And we're set up to repeat it @TheDemocrats
REALLY SENATOR, WHY DO YOU LIE SO MUCH, 10'S OF THOUSANDS JUST IN MASS LOSING THERE HOMES TO FRAUD BANK MORTGAGE TRUST,AS OF TODAY, AND !!!!
This will change. We don't seem to learn from the past. Trump is no different than Bush's short sightedness.
We did @SenWarren! We will get them back when we send all the #Republicans to jail who have colluded with #Trumprussia! My bet is most!
How long will it be until Rs undo everything you worked so hard for.
Pay your female employees the same as your male employees #Equality #EqualPay #women
And Easy D and his gang of kleptocrats are hellbent on rolling that back. Fight on!
Who are "We"?
Why did Obama give wall street so much money???? Please respond
No, Senator. Actually we haven't. We've made progress in PR and optics. Money printing hides a lot of foundational rot.
If by high risk bets you mean offering people a shot at home ownership...
i guess so
You mean Barney Frank?
He should have been tried for fraud.
Let's not repeat those mistakes!
Why do you pay female staffers less than male staffers? HYPOCRITE!
Hold on! You forgot to call her Lie-awatha!
Delay delay everything
And yet i dont even have knees
This is interesting! #TimKaine - VP debates: #Dems will use '#NuclearOption if #GOP blocks court nominee.  #Tatiana
Acts 17:30
Truly, these times of ignorance God overlooked, but now commands all men everywhere to repent,
Everything is do is recite bible verses? Nobody take you seriously; especially if you're using a duckie as your profile. So corny.
