Like it wasn't hard enough already. Corporatisation essentially is bringing power dynamics of slavery back to the USA.
The Dems keep folks in government welfare plantations.  Just giving them enough to survive
Any system which concentrates wealth in a few powerful people and leaves the majority to languish in poverty cannot be called "democratic".
What's a better system? We've tried them all. How are the majority languishing in poverty? No, their not.
I guess USA could try any system except Chile, Mexico or Turkey.
What is the harm in income inequality? It's total wealth that counts. 90% of the the US population has a cell phone and thus assess to info
If a few ppl have massive wealth and control media & powerful institutions, then income inequality leads to erosion of democracy & rights.
The market's answer is tech, I'm talking to you,right?What institutions? The Fed? I agree I can't lose my rights to a corp, only government
Zip it Pocahontas
Priceless!
The Russian bot twitterers once again show their solidarity with the Republican party
I show my solidarity to the US Constitution. Rotate on that!!!
Neo-fuedalism, here we come!

*head desk*
Perfect!
They have trying to destroy unions for decades, we need them more than ever now
Yeah cause fat cat union bosses don't resemble a tyrannical government at all!
That was me being sarcastic btw!
Okay, Elizabeth Warren STOP PLAYING GAMES! how could you vote $700 billion for endless war that's unacceptable & depraved Fake Progressive 
I would love to hear your strong voice, on behalf of the citizens and the Island of Puerto Rico.  Where is it?  #soundoff!
Go get’em EW!
WELL I KNOW MY DAUGHTER PAYS TO MUCH FOR WHAT SHE MAKES AT KROGERS. YOU STILL GET MIN WAGE X 32 HRS - UNION FEES = NOT MUCH TO LIVE ON.
Please, do whatever you can for workers! We are already starting to look like we are corporate slaves.
You only say that because you belong to the Unions.  It is W R O N G  to force individuals to pay union dues!
Protect the unions! Supreame Court seat stolen by GOP!!!!!
Unions suck!  Bust em all
Someone didn't study 19th century pre Union capitalism.
Somehow I think the economy has evolved since then, and unions have become corrupt destroying once great industries and institutions.
Their are problems but unions are a necessity. My grandfather (WWII vet) certainly thought so.
If it weren't for unions things like child labor laws&safe working conditions wouldn't exist! You think company's would have done it?NO WAY!
Hint- Peter hates other humans
Just liberal cry babies
Liz Warren....representing everything a bad person truly is!
Oh Liz Liz Liz.   You've had your hands in corporate pockets forever.  Liz Liz Liz.
It would do no such thing, you lying tart.
We tell other nations to have better conditions for workers when we fail U.S. workers.#MAGAIT Make America Great Again Impeach Trump #MAGAIT
when Trump is removed from office, #Gorsuch needs to go with him. What judge would want a stolen seat? sickening.
Exactly the opposite: it could give workers the freedom to avoid being forced to pay for a service they don't want.
They would still get the service of the union but they can be freeloaders and not join.
You need to stop listening to union spin. Unions have the option to sign contracts where non members are NOT covered by union agreement. 1/
Not the case with teachers where everyone is part of the bargaining group and covered by the contract whether join the union or not
You're not listening. I'm saying that shouldn't be the case: people have the right to opt out completely, and make their own deals. 1/
Board of Ed in NYC should negotiate individual contracts with thousands of teachers? How many people they would have to hire to do that?
Every other business in the world operates that way. Have you ever had a real job?
No I was a fake teacher for 38.5 years.
Women are Majority TAXPAYER$ However Taxation WithOUT Representation seems to be all TOO Previlent!
@SenWarren, please contact @alfranken to let him know that the two of you will be running the government for 16 years. #UniteBlue #Reform
#Janus Mark Janus: Meet the man who could end forced union fees for government ... https://youtu.be/EkD4oW8GUdI  via @YouTube
IT WILL THEN BE TIME FOR A NATIONWIDE STRIKE.  LET US PREPARE TO STRIKE ON THIS GOVERNMENT AND THIS NATION.  IT IS TIME.
So you think workers being forced to be part of unions and pay dues is helping them? No one should be forced to pay to work
Stop already pocohantas. Try pushing forward an agenda instead of trying to railroad the one that's working.
TK CARE LIZ....STAY SAFE!
AS FAR AS I AM CONCERN EVERYBODY GETS A FREE FAIR & INFORM CHANCE TO RAPTURE!
libs have done decades of damage to generations of peoplThey have no idea what standing up for themselves meanTo them it means people like u
We have become an Oligarchy for Corporations' Owners, and I'm not confident that Democracy will return.
Such a phony, get a job Liz.
If Union Rep is so great people will pay, sick of public-employee unions giving the rest of the Unions a bad name. Liz wouldn't know that
So Liz is against the public-employee union employee keeping an their hard earned money, or fears her pocket will be lighter, you decide.
- an
We have gone from diplorable to racist to bots.  (With a few in between) Your killin me.
Blah blah blah.  Just like u told us how great Obama care was.  You lied.
Down with corporations. They should be outlawed.  No one should work for a corporation.  Such meanies.
Another fraud she is
Pocahontas
Pocahontas is anti business and anti employer... socialist at heart.  VOTE HER OUT
Gee where's my surprised face?
Exactly how do you tilt a playing field?
its a hostile takeover of democracy by the rich
Please vote NO #Benczkowski to head Justice Dept. TYSM
Here's doggy Lila in our hometown > #Wellfleet #CapeCod
(Come visit..??)
This is horrible.
You right
How do we make RWers get that #Janus will hurt their kids? It'd be a horrible blow to teachers in public schools!!
Yo
But you will, right.
Wow! That's scary.
Wrong again clwn
Day of the negative decision, a national day of strikes could be in order. Every union goes out. Let the US see how they can handle w/o us!
Republicans don't want big government, but they are transferring power to big corporations. Do they think we don't see this?
GOP don't care that Dems see it. Their voters think govt regs = socialism. RWers don't get that no govt = oligarchy
So true!
Deep state? 78 Obama appointees 'burrowed' in gov't, report says
They can always quit if working conditions are disagreeable. Why get bureaucracy involved?
As one who was terminated for my disability,  my employer simply hired a huge law firm to oppose... a pipefitter ? I lost everything !
Stop lying
South Park episode dedicated to all of Elizabeth Warren's victim zombies.
Actually it comes down to Kennedy
What's Cherokee for "Lying White Woman?

Liar!
Which is what big corporations want.
#TheResistance
Ive heard something like this before.
Sure, but every case has two sides. 

(Janus joke…)
Why don't you do your work and stay off tweeter
Tell that to your Tangerine president.
The workers are mostly illegals
Not in my union.
Of course, that's the way the entire country is going, and we all seem absolutely powerless to stop it. Getting ready to stop watching it.
Who pays the salaries, benefits? Don't like the job ...quit and find another like the rest of us.
Worry about the 1.6m innocent babies you permit to be shredded inside the womb. Want to talk rights? Oppression? I'll treatment? #Hypocrite
Quit beating the dead horse. You care for all the unwanted babies. Oh I forgot, you don't want them after they are born.
I am feeling very helpless. 
Build the wall.  That will help workers far more than more corrupt unions.
They don't seem to see they're a step or two from Revolution.
It's not a could sadly it's a will.
Republicans are like that. They already passed no overtime. And can now fire pregnant women. Their laws only benefit the richest Americans.
Lies... lies.... not one shred of truth in that post!

Since Gorsch spoke to and paid fee by this group today at trump hotel should he recuse himself from case?
What a bizarre question.

But you’re a genuine bot, Glenn.
That's not acceptable! Workers keep getting screwed more & more. This has got to stop!!
Most don't realize #Unions fight everyday to keep prevailing wage, pro job growth, #MadeInUSA, #healthcare #equality so much #UnionProud
Most don't "realize" that because it's bullshit.
With respect. I'm a caregiver making $10.80 hr for those who want to pass at home. Without Union Voice I would be below min wage/no benefits
Or you might make more, because you negotiate your own deal. But that's not the point. The point is, everybody deserves the option.
So why is it in some industries the workers themselves do not want unions.  Because they would take pay cuts.  Unions not for everyone.
Liar you favor unions and no worker freedom scumbag Warren empty wheel barrels make the most noise
What does the Janus involve?
Would get rid of agency fee that workers that choose not to join the union but still reap the benefits have to pay.
Unions are corrupt
You are insane.

Sounds like we're going to have to go back to the old union forming days. GOP are acting as union busters.
5-4 decision imminent. Will be a sad day for Unions and America...
If Pocahontas is against it, it must be good!
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/feb/22/joe-bidens-1992-opposition-to-lame-duck-supreme-co/ … 
So it Ok if a dem picks one just not a republican gatcha ya Pocahontas
We're doomed, the Rebublicans are using Dotard as a front, reaking havoc in the background
Isn't it great.  Liberal communism is being expunged.
So Sen Warren your against tax cuts for your constituents shame on you.
I'm with you. But why not also change the law so that unions don't have to represent employees who opt to now pay dues?
Because unions would hemhorrage membership, and the Dems can't allow that.
How would a union hemorrhage? The union would be saving time and money not having to represent the freeloading scabs.
public sector union members work for corporations?
They are lying right now about the tax plan

#Trumpswampers
Repeal Citizens United ! 

End Dark Money Donations to our Political System !
