#holdthefloor @SenateDems for my mother who has Parkinson's Disease! @SenWarren
And mine who has the same with dementia. I am my dad and hers caregiver.
Bless you Tammy...
Your washed up senator
Fight the good fight, Warren. America is counting on you, whether all of them know it or not. #HealthcareBill
guess we have to pass it to see what's in it
Tell some stories about how it is unaffordable and has been a job killer.
Only repubs r this stupid.2 million good  health jobs were created because ACA. Millions of jobs will b lost thru AHCA.less custs=less jobs
Any facts to back that up?
If Trump care passes it will be the start of slow genocide. It's designed to kill off the poor, the sick and the old without firing a shot!
You're ridiculous
If they STILL need health care then doesn't this prove YOU AND YOUR KIND FAILED LAST TIME? Y'all make me sick
Liz, are these MA families on Medicare? Who don't want to work for a living and let the Gov support them? No dice if that's the case!
Sen. Warren: I've got C-Span on, but after a couple hours it got so depressing I couldn't watch any longer. It's worse than I had imagined.
Thank you, and to all the other Democrats in the Senate.  I'm so impressed by all of you. This is a very trying week for all Americans.
Give 'em HELL!! So proud you ate my Senator!!!!
OMG *are*!! NOT ate!! 
Republicans r being targeted for assasination,wouldn't surprise me if she ate a Senator,especially with her Native American heritage and all
We haven't had healthcare in 8 years. So, looking forward to the GOP passing a sustainable bill, not the switch & bait Pelosi BS.
It's awesome watching the right and left fighting on who gets to introduce the worst health care policy.
like me.
Watch all the dems do nothing, literally, but spew fear and waste tax $ by holding the floor and not doing their jobs?
Maybe we would have healthcare if Disastrous Obamacare didn't ever begin taking good care away from us.
You need to work with Republicans and not demand your own way if you cares about your people which u don't!
why didn't you read the first healthcare bill? or did you but were fine with families either paying for house or healthcare?
If our reps can't debate, or even read the bill, then citizens are NOT being represented. We are entitled to representation!
Remember Jonathan Gruber??
#HoldTheFloor

Are you open to hearing about the impact to families due to Obamacare?  My guess is no
How about those of us with $5000+ deductibles come & take the floor & tell how Obama Care took our insurance away4 Ur illegals & immigrants?
Go, Senator, Go! We love you, keep resisting and being a fierce role model for all children! 
Oh goodness, not all children! She's a socialist; next step is "Amerizuela!" No! No! Wake Up!
You sold them ObamaCare lies via Jonathan Gruber. Shame on you (again!)
Thanks to all of you for fighting for the healthcare of America. @SenateGOP who among u r true patriots, willing 2 stand up 4 what's right
THEY DONT CARE
3/3 that is disgraceful and u r no representative of the people.
2/3 instead u want Rs to pass a law so u arnt blamed for ACA and can blame Rs. u dnt care about the health of Americans, u care abt politics
1/3 Ds could offer votes to get concessions on AHCA, instead u dig ur heals in and cry / freedom caucus offers votes and gets concession
Go get 'em girl!
I don't follow you, please DO NOT tweet to me
Keep telling yourself that Trumpster. American people have great memories and we won't forget in 2018 and 2020.
Keep fighting! GOP is trying to kill poor Americans with their backroom plan
perhaps you should also talk to those who actually have obamacare about their premium increases, their high deductibles, lack of coverage
You should have given them good healthcare when you passed Obamacare. If you had, we wouldn't be addressing it today. Fix the mess!
States can provide healthcare too, MA sd be an example and stop whining, don't wait for mama government to do everything for you
Stop blaming our President for ur yrs of failed Obama care! Ne dem unity wld b American.If u get ur heads on-we the people- stop distracting
DemRATS are vile vulgar and violent. Lizzie, call off your violent Fascist Brownshirts. Stop the rhetoric of violence. Blood on your hands,
You are such a blazing hypocrite. Billionaires and big corporations are in the bank for the DemRAT Party. DemRATS = Marxists/Communists.
You should've been a nun, a la Meryl Streep in the movie 'Doubt'. I think you should join and find God in your life. You'd be perfect 
We know who Butters your Bread  A Billionaire george soros who HATES America    wow Maybe u should be under Investigation
We the people should storm the senate!
Obummer care is on its last life line I would try and make it hold it to.. Hey maybe when the last one closes you will do something..
Lyin Pocahontas
If brother darkness care is free,why do none of U have it?@SenWarren dam shure want have it.Hers is way better &cheaper! morons!Ask her.
RUSSIAN BOT
Don't u dems think you did enough. Your healthcare has already crashed, You did not do nothing for American people. Pocahontas
Pass it to read it.  Isn't that what was said?
It would be honorable if you knew what you was talking about. Hard to take anyone who supported Obamacare serious.
You are a goddess among men. Our real life Wonder Woman. Keep fighting!!
You are wrong. Why do people with families who can't afford a dentist for their kids pay for someone else's kids to go? They can find a way.
Make it affordable again it's been a hard few years. Go back to old plan prior obama
What are you talking about? MA has Romney care.
This Independent Oregon gal (with a  Red Sox tattoo &dog named Fenway) sends her support and good vibes from Keep Portland (OR) Weird
#shameful ? Like YOU shoving HRC down USA progressive throats? You are #shameful @SenWarren a fraud showboat liar no better than any GOP

Don't share stories, just walk out!!!!
Watching you now!!
& if there aren't any laws 2 ensure that type of stuff doesn't happen, y continue 2 call our system democratic? Or y not pass laws!!!!!
TYSM 4 standing up 4 the Am pple! How is the @GOP able 2 get away w this? It's disgusting! There should be laws ag this type of stuff
Are the dens working on coarse to fix it. As a d I feel like anything a r does itsnt going to help me?
Not one dime from you huh Liz? Book sales going well?
Why does MA hate families who need healthcare, shouldn't the residents of the state pay for it? Lizzy donate your salary to help these folks
Thank you, @SenWarren and @SenateDems. We appreciate your willingness to stand up for what is right. #holdthefloor
How dare you think your fine when you dont have to fall under obamacare.  The rest of us are dying in taxes.
Im in Ma let me talk about the tax increase on my family that has crushed our monthly income. You killed our state
Please don't let that happen.  We're all counting on our leaders to protect us from monsters like Trump and co.  Thank you
Just keep offering and debating Amendments. Tie it up for months.
Stay the course! We are with you! Thank you!
They can all have health coverage for approximately $1500/mo, the going rate of Obamacare today...or private insurance like rest of us have.
or did you forget that part so conveniently?
Well, maybe the good folks of MA should just go out and buy some health insurance then!
why? You are an obstructionist.  Remember when Pelosi said we will find out what's in the bill after we vote for it?
You'll have to pass it to find out what's in it! Hmmmm, that sounds so familiar to me. Where have I heard that before???
The majority of these tweets are by DNC staffer. All the staffer comrnent look the same
Anything to keep America failing so Trump doesn't succeed huh.
PERSIST!!!!!!
#ShowUsTheBIll
thank you
I would be dead by now if the Republicans have their way!
I have heart disease and COPD. Thank goodness for Obama and other politicians who have our best interests in the for front.
@GOP @FoxNews @POTUS @TuckerCarlson Right your party says "Hunt Republicans" after the shooting of congressman. Sad.
All Chicken Littles! And, a Prime example of the Lunatic Fringe.
Last year on June 22nd you did the same thing, stayed the night and begged 4 media attention. How about visiting or praying4 @SteveScalise
And of course demand action for Otto
Thank you!!!
this might explain what you're up against:
Don't let more innocent people die while these evil men with Mitchy as their leader rake in $$$ for their complicity with corporations
Mitchy and his cronies were in office when AIDS was an epidemic they chose to ignore until well after my brother had died.  Never quit
Americans are counting on you to protect our rights to decent healthcare for the poor, women and the elderly. This is the moral option.
On the other hand we can always hope for Mitchy's expiration...Personally I think he's expired but is too stubborn (or too mean) to die.
My mother who went to HS with Mitchy said he's always been a creep..so accessing his inner human might be a waste of effort.
Keep up the good work.  Hold the floor until Mitchy Mitch yields.  (that was his nickname in HS according to my mother)  Senator Mitchy
-(2/2) about American families and their struggles with the rising cost and unavailability of Obamacare. You are ONLY POLITICAL. RESIST ALL!
Thank you so much. I was in tears listening to the letter you read.
So Lizzy, why don't these people have that shitty Obumer care! Oh that's right they can't afford Obumer care!
If they need health care, why are Dem fighting so they don't get any? ObamaCare failed them! Now Dem will fail them!
Nobody with half a brain would buy a car without knowing its specs; committee shouldn't expect uninformed vote on "secret" healthcare plan.
Granddaughter with stage 4 cancer and 2 years of chemo fights to live to see the step son she raised grow up.
Thank you!
Thank you! @SenateDems
Thank you all for sticking up for the little guys. All of this crap is so unreal. How do they sleep at night.
I might have to have brain surgery, I'm a single mother. I can't lose my health insurance. Neurological disorder #chiarimalformation
Thank you
go girl!
I was a democrat since 1998. Because of ppl like you, I will never vote democrat again for the rest of my life!
keep fighting the fight for me and my family. We are counting on you to help us keep our health care. The Howe's
Thank you for fighting for us!! We  you! #Obamacare #Trumpcare #ACA #AHCA #Resistance #Resist #DoYourJob #MissingSenators #AARP
Tell them MA families to get a dam job and get their own healthcare Working people shouldn't have to support them I'm not able to steal cash
Nevertheless, she wasted our tax dollars.
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
What are Republicans hiding anyway? #ShowUsTheBill @SenateMajLdr 
@JohnCornyn @GOP 
#HoldTheFloor
like that will do any good. Reps don't care if they kill 23 million people.
Persist, Senator. For the good of all.
medical triumph in healthy living active lifestyles living. Most MD don't even know X blood type(s) Live not Label 
THANK YOU.
Hello
Warms my heart that Scallice has such good healthcare insurance. Hate to see him go broke paying his medical bills!!
@CarolineAmes3 @SenateDems #HoldTheFloor We are behind you Democrats!!!
Go Elizabeth Trump is on a deep spiral I to abis we cannot let him secsead he has somehow hipnotized GOP midterm will be here soon rid USA 
God bless you all, thank you , keep up the good fight!  From a nurse and a mom
From home you can call your Senators https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/senate-health-care-staffers/ …
use this script:
So, if they are not allowing D's to have a voice in this bill, and with a R majority in Senate, D's basically have no representation...
This is different from King George how?
Say the healthcare system goes bust. Who is going to have healthcare. The heavy debt is just now coming due.
#ShowUsTheBill ..........NOW! @SenateMajLdr
Thank you!
Keep up the great work Senator. We are counting on you to save us from this disaster
I'd rather watch cockroaches fornicate.
Why can't u admit that u tried w Obamacare but failed. Now try w republicans. It's about the people of our country not u guys egos in D.C.
Thank you  @SenWarren #HoldTheFloor  your dedication and hard work is appreciated throughout the land. #Resistance  @SenateDems
#UniversalHealthCare
instead of staying up all night, how about cancel recess and work like everyone else
#wealthcare
Thank you.
Why does the middle class have to pay for their health care? Get jobs!!!!
No body cares Otto just passed
Not 'healthcare' but rather a Wealthcare Plan for the wealthiest. @Lawrence lawrence @amjoyshow @SenKamalaHarris @SpeakerRyan
Stay strong ...we need more like you
Can ya find the $2500 in savings I was promised when you guys forced your healthcare bill down our throats...????
How are you going to provide a health care that doesn't take money out of college students pay check who can barley afford college #trio
Thank you for standing up and supporting healthcare
Yes! Thank you!!
Thanks, What is VP, lawerying up for. PAC for 2020 election why? PACs regulated disclosure PAC intent and substance. Public needs disclosure
Where are the tweets showing the good talking points about Ossoff?
Is this streaming from your TeePee  or one of Bernie's 3 homes!? #FRAUDS
