@yesica @SenateGOP They're gonna do it Elizabeth. People will die.
I am trying really hard not to cry at my desk.
I'm not to the crying stage...I'm still in rage mode. 
my rage will show up later. I am basically sinking into the carpet right now.
Now is the time to FIGHT HARDER!!
I know. I will. I've done all I can today. Tomorrow.
#StrongerTogether
Back atcha, Boss Lady. 
You're an amazing woman, senator, & humanbeing. Please continue to fight for all the US citizens who could be tragically effected!
How can u put party over country when it comes to the future? Children r our future. W/O them it doesn't exist. R u really that cold blooded
I do know I just have such a difficult time accepting it. It's like trying to convince Trump supporters:

So did I! Enjoy! 
@senrobportman did you see this?
716 billion was cut to medicare you did nothing.3 billion cut from vets and 5 billion given to Syrian refugees.And you still don't care
You assume we have the worlds best. All the studies I have seen says we do not. Get some facts right Indian.
Sadly, many (most?) will ignore expert advice & put party dogma first.
Medicaid isn't being taken away. You know that. Knock off the partisan politics
If your insurance was ACA maybe then you would care to make it better.
That is a flat out lie Warren, the best doctors in the USA are not saying anything remotely close to your alleged rant.
Doctor here (Internal Medicine in Alabama) - it would be a TRAVESTY. I take care of many Medicaid patients. 
Gob is interested in Everyone. Dems should be also.
Please call them out by NAME.
MILLIONS already lost her insurance!Many states have 1 option.Some have 0 options!ACA failed!
Please go away you will never be President. It would be like watching looney tunes from the Oval Office.
Keep ACA.
The only thing he's worried about losing is his money.
#Warren2020
Which of these children, if allowed to live, will cure cancer? Save the planet? Create technology to save lives? Your call, GOP...
I'm sure the doctors are liberals just like you
FACT IS MANY OF THE DRS R MAKING PEOPLE SICK & MAKING MONEY,I WAS 1*PUT ON BAD DRUGS/STATINS GOT SICKER & SICKER-ONLY 1 DR TOLD ME 2 GET OFF

Heller was a no until billionaire casino magnate Steve Wynn threatened him almost daily. What a sad, perfect example of money in politics.
Boycott wynn properties
I urge you @SenWarren to listen to Middle America and how they pay more for insurance and get less because of ACA. #u seat Sen Warren
How about the ones that warned against it in the first place?
My taxes pay your salary. Go to WORK!
You didn't care about your constituents when you pass the ACA. We lost our doctor,we lost our plan, we received higher premiums!CAN'T AFFORD
Elizabeth I was wrong.. they did listen! Nine Repubs voted no! At daughters and she has digital t v couldn't see what happened ! TYSEN W.
They didn't listen.
It's Armageddon,  if those Senators don't realize what they are doing.
R our lives so cheaply tossd by th fattend,wealthy that have turnd th objects of desire,th at th feet of th golden B4 Moses arrival.
That's exactly what happen when Obama was president. The rich got richer without regard to American citizens.
.@AmerAcadPeds & @physicianwomen are urging all leaders to listen to doctors on the front lines and #KeepKidsCovered
THIS Explicitly brings "to light" much I wasn't fully aware of, and should. Informed Compassion is required.
And have them read this
Work together to improve the ACA. Rebrand the improved program as #Trumpcare & let it be called a big win for Trump. Truly a win-win!
Ma'am, they don't care. They've amply demonstrated it.
Dear Texas, @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn ignored doctors in order to give a tax break to the wealthy.
The doctors don't hand them money so they couldn't care less about their opinions.
All of these mercenaries have to GO in 2018! They all lack compassion, shame, decency & morals.  Can do exponentially better! #VoteThemOut
Don't sentence your constituents to death. Please listen to healthcare experts.
Ha! They don't listen to doctors who waste their time lernin, their like scientists, your colleagues pray and wait for god's answer
@DebraMessing @SenateGOP they don't care plain and simple they don't care
Thank you, Sen. Warren. Even us everyday doctors, on the front lines, think the same thing!
Pls tell GOP colleagues 2 not dare claim pro-life if mothers,families have 2 agonize over taking a fetus w/complications 2 term b/c no ins.
The GOP only cares about unborn babies After they are born let them die
#HealthcareIsARight 45,000 people a year died from lack of insurance pre-ACA. Repealing would kill people. How is that not unconstitutional?
Senator you have to see this isn't one of those times where you be polite and reason with them, right? THIS is the time to be HARD AF!
#SenateGOP ought to be so ashamed of themselves as to stay hidden in their offices. As it is, they already have run away from town meetings
So how do you fix healthcare?Where is the money coming from.Do you have to be a citizen? Steal from the "rich"?

Retweet and let the GOP House and Senate own this. #resist
They won't, they do not care, they are lupine by nature.
My family is DYING ON OBAMACARE!  Please repeal!!!!
Every Repub who conveniently calls them self "pro-life". Watch this video then go to your church and explain to God why you want to do this
You mean the liebral doctors.
Not repealing it is devastating to the American taxpayer - but then you never did care about that person.
stop the lies vote yes for #ACARepeal
Make Congress and the President part of those who must use the Bill they pass.  No exemptions.  Maybe the bill would be worthwhile.
Devastating to yours and their wallets Chief jay weakbow
Pocahontas, Obama care gives millions of dollars to insurance companies look at the people who are running these insurance companies.
Hurting Medicaid is not in line with a pro-life philosophy.
http://They.do.not.care . The people have spoken. They don't care. The rich wants tax breaks. They care about that. McCain should be ashamed.
The GOP need to get rid of "earned benefits" to justify their forthcoming tax reform. Their donors want a return on their investment.
Again, Liz - why don't these people have their OWN insurance? I paid my own way all my life- EVERYONE ELSE should too!
Senators do not care about the pain the repeal will cause.  They want the tax relief for the rich. Which will increase taxes for the poor.
When the crazies with high power weapons loose a mammaw or papaw to no coverage the lead will be flying at the GOP. Hope they practice up!
@dscc The ACA is devastating for me & millions of other who can't afford their premiums and deductibles.
Really? #giveup
GOP Doesn't care about children! Trump's profited from St Jude!
Problem is that they have known that for a long time . It s not important to them
Not only will they destroy healthcare plans but hospitals will suffer as well!  They risk going bankrupt & out of business!
The vast majority of doctors say Obamacare has failed, we know for fact it's failed Americans, with exception to ppl getting freebies, loser
They don't care. Plain and simple ! Too sad.
How can we say we are a great nation when we undermine the potential and greatness of our own ppl. Beyond disgust.
Devastating 2 ppl involving their health,but also over time close down HC facilities,Hospitals,Clinics,etc along w/the job,communitys suffer
God help us all
If GOP cared, they would have fixed Obamacare. But they want a victory, no matter the cost - even if the cost is human lives, apparently.
How long before you wake up to the fact that you cannot reason with the Trump/Gop BEAST. A BEAST is a BEAST because it lacks the human soul.
how many have been killed by abortions you champion?you want it both ways,so pathetic
pa 4 every1 that didnt earn it,This was an acct.(medicare) my sick mom paid into her whole life. Gov stole from! But gov will take care of u
We had the government come2 us & say that they will take$ out of everycheck 4medicare 4when we get old,then they rob the acct2 give 2 every1
Those that work pay into it. those that dont should not partake of it!
You ruin dreams & democracy when you take from 1 2 give to another!
I hope you will run in 2020 please we need same leadership or if you can let me trade my citizenship for being euthanized
They know as much about healthcare as you think you do they're doctors not insurance companies why would we listen to them
My dr told me during the OBAMACARE planning if it passed he was moving back to his country. It passed he moved I lost my dr!!!!
Could U tell the working what happened to the fed money that paid for the poor uninsured before U passed the ACA and created working poor?
@MorningsMaria HELL YEAH LETS DO WAT U Ds been doing NFT
Funny how there's 300+ million people in this country and only 9 million who were on Obamacare!! Pull your head out of your a** Pocahontas!

Medicaid will still be there when the ACA is gone. Two separate programs Senator.
Call this what it is, Senator. EUGENICS BY PROXY.  Eliminate the weak by doin nothing to help them.


40% are children on medicad WTH does ANYBODY work in this county any more? 94 million out of the workforce how many milking Gov FREE stuff?
They e turned a deaf ear.
Well their doing it and they don't care. They all have health insurance.
Only Americans believe they have the worlds best Drs in the worlds most expensive  and useless health care system .  World`s best ?? LOL
#Bush's cousin,Queen E could wipe out world #poverty worth 30 Trillion https://twitter.com/Skymoosie/status/610825836791504896/photo/1pic.twitter.com/eKJZqYRldb  #austerity #NHS #onepercent #greed #UK
Oh just STHU, cherry pic, what about the millions who lost good insurance and whos premiums went up 128%, what about those who lost access
They do not care, they are cruel evil and ruthless.
Hillary STILL isn't President
Still waiting?
Don't listen... Bought and paid for by the @DNC  just like their so called "climate scientists"
Who would believe a liar in the Senate. Know any liars there Liz? I do and I'm sure you do to. Here is a picture of one.
They aren't listening to anyone except the bully
This is useless. The GOP doesn't believe in 1) Facts and 2) Helping others.
If only GOP cared about patients.  Rice Sect of HHS, a GOPER & MD, doesn't care about HC for the American people. He represents GOP
You had 8 years to make it better, but you did NOTHING, why didn't you try to do something when premiums where going up?
GOP only listens to each other.
Bull crap Warren,can you name those doctors??oh You heard it on CNN ???oh sources,I see , Oh yes,why did HRC name you "THE WORM"??
That is who mediCAID was written for DA.
No, Obamacare is devastating. My hrandchild was in hos, doctor would not release her, until ins approved what she needed. Thank you Dr.
How many patients died needlessly because he couldn't afford their deductible or the insurance that they purchased?

 Repeal Obamacare

Spoiler alert: the doctors only care about their bank accounts
Trump supporters need to realize that the name Obamacare is not a curse word. It's the Affordable Car Act that many of them are using.
Don't you dare use a doctor for your political gain
And that is not changing!
Why are you ok with the government forcing the poor to be on healthcare, use great fines as a weapon to enslave them to the ACA
THEIR is no way anything you say can be taken as truthful. You aren't a truthful honest ethical person. You are not someone America trust.
To all senators who vote yes on any of these bills, we will vote you out next opportunity
RT Phone lines for every GOP Senator should be ringing until  this  motion fails Use auto-dialer 844-560-2727 & urge them to vote   NO
@SenDeanHeller @RandPaul
DO WHAT IS RIGHT

nothing but right

Is d #HealthcareBill d right one?
Nvr b compelled
Let NOT b Bullied

#AHCA
All Children's Hospital in St Petersburg Fl depends heavily on Medicaid. Employs 100s of ppl and what happens if big cuts made to Medicad??
Mayo and Cancer Centers of America will not accept ACA or Obamacare.. Stop Thee bullshit..
The regular hospital in my dosent accept it either. They are full of shit up to their eyeballs
I urge every resident of Massachusetts to vote this hateful communist insanity out of office.
#NutJob
THEY    DON'T   CARE. Literally don't care.
if it's so great why did you exempt yourself?
Liaten to the world! Not just its doctors. Listen to the world. Your childrens children will be maligned if you do this.
Use to be people became doctor's to help people! Now it they do it to get rich! Greed has become the norm! Including you & most politition's
How many of these doctors voted for trump? Most of them.
There is only one agenda GOP is pushing. Koch brothers agenda.
The only people they care about are their monied overlords.
They don't care.
Total nonsense.....you mean money in their pockets.....enforce the antitrust laws in healthcare.
Nervous Elizabeth?
Sadly #SenateGOP aren't interested in preventing devastation to their constituents. They're more interested in jockeying for GOP position.
Or listen to their money-funnel: Koch Bros. et al. Which do you think they'll do?
No they just want that money! They no without ACA they will have to lower their over priced service's! You are not listening to the people!
Are you saying we should believe the AMA over our Fruher?
As someone on entitlements Government is not good at it. Give it to Geico the other Warren can invest in Medicaid and spread it to all.

Afterall, over 50% of people bringing children into the world are on Medicaid. http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/terence-p-jeffrey/24-states-50-babies-born-medicaid …
Less children should make libtards happy all they want to do is about them anyway!
You want to murder someone? Grab a gun and head to the Middle East.
Are they listening and watching. Ppl will be,  especially when they need HELP.
They don't care. Trump is threatening them. Heller - in tv publicly.
ACA  Check out @RealJamesWoods's Tweet:
If you are ever nauseous and need to bring it up, watching this will likely help... 
Speaking of nausea....James Woods is Ipecac in human form.
I think it's time for the WOMEN of the senate to get together and forge a bipartisan healthcare bill! The men can't seem to figure it out.
Do we deserve less than @SenateGOP who will gain access to 200+ health plan FEHBP, 72% taxpayer paid premiums if they repeal/replace ACA?
why are @SenateGOP voting YES, for @realDonaldTrump bullying or for the ppl.the ppl want #saveaca #killthebill Trump will not have your back
I'm ready to keep going, though. I'm mad AF and I run ultramarathons, so I know how to keep going and going and going. Can't stop now.

Anne is a retired teacher in Colorado w/breast cancer. If this bill passes, her pre-existing condition would make health care unaffordable. 

The Senate bill would allow insurers to charge older adults 5X more than younger adults, up fr 3X more in ACA http://kaiserf.am/2v21Ic7  #BCRA 
I have been calling about this every damn day for MONTHS, wrote a LTTE published in WSJ, my friends are tired of me telling them to call.
Why are you enrolled in the ACA

In every national poll this month, most people view Congress’ repeal plan unfavorably. Explore w/our interactive http://kaiserf.am/2vX3PKD  
TV and Radio Sen Warren!!  With just this message!!
Senator, they don't care. They listen to their donors. Heller is listening to Steve Wynn, not the American people.
West Virginia premiums have gone up on average of $5700 per year. What about those families?
Liz, healthcare is so easy. You'll see. You're gonna love it.
Hang tough Elizabeth
Millions thrown off of healthcare. Loss of medical help and funding. Let's be clear. This is a MURDER bill.
