if she is low income all cost are covered.If she is middle class she is screwed.Obamacare was for the poor
I urge you @SenWarren to listen to Middle America that paid for Jenny's insurance and there own.#unseat Sen Warren
You are a hero Warren
@GOP should feel proud! Here is one of the TRUMP DEATH CARE VICTIMS! One of 24 MILLION!
Never heard of those before Obama care but now here we are. Paying for insurance without any of the benefits of insurance. Explain that.
I have an auto-immune disease. It's not because of lifestyle choices it's genetic. My medications cost more than I make annually.
They don't care. It's all about keeping the 1% at the top.
How many more poor sick people you can drag in front of a camera for political grandstanding? Sad!
Better to bankrupt country with monolithic ineffectual programd@d
The GOP does not care. They trade American lives for tax cuts to billionaires. How much is each American life worth?
And also btw I too have autoimmune disease list my dr and my healthcare because of OBAMACARE selective with ur testimonies
Why not do a video of the families that were bankrupted by trying to pay sky high deductibles of the ACA?

If one person dies because of the GOPs cowardly, hateful ways, they will have blood of millions on their hands.
Check out @RealJamesWoods's Tweet:
If you are ever nauseous and need to bring it up, watching this will likely help... 
Tell her husband to get a job
Witch. But you don't give a rats are about the middle class paying for their damn Healthcare.
You say we need Medicaid for these people but what about the people that are paying 10,20,30,000 copays for med. Since Obama care kicked in?
@realDonaldTrump and GOP just don't care.
And the GOP is trying to fix health care for everybody. Dems should help if they really cared about the Jenny's in our country.
Washington did this, EW. If anyone gives a damn aside from emotional moral posturing. Learning the history on how we got here is vital.
Dear @SenateGOP when you figure out the answer to this question, please share it with US, the #American people. We wait breathlessly.
You and Bernie need to join hands and develop a plan to boost the Blue party forward. People sick ,no medical, like a 3rd world nation.
It's sounds as if you're actually promoting the new health care plan! Good move
So Obamacare makes 3 ppl who had insurance that was taken away from them go bankrupt so 1 person who didn't have insurance not go bankrupt?
Create new Federal Law proof of US LEGAL citizenship required before getting Healthcare Education Housing Food Etc. No access to FREE stuff.
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/how-undocumented-immigrants-sometimes-receive-medicaid-treatment/ …
Think about how ur not doing is killing
Cherry picking again ,aren't you Warren

#ACA reduced personal bankruptcies by 50% since being signed into law. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/obamacare-helped-make-a-50-dent-in-personal-bankruptcies-2017-05-03 …
No one should, i had to, plus sell everything i own: and, i had insurance, so do what do did it do?
Obummer care is bankrupting... stop with lies.
The law is common sense.Yet it is created by lawmakers who seem to be lacking any sense at all #AbetterDeal BS #MAGA
#RepealAndReplace Obamacare
No special plans for #Congress
Double standard must stop!
PRIMARIES ARE COMING!
…
O'care would be the nail in her coffin
@ShannonJoyRadio
THEIR is no way anything you say can be taken as truthful. You aren't a truthful honest ethical person. You are not someone America trust.
Join the club, my brother lost his due to rising premiums and he has asthma and the lone support of his family!
"... If the ACA is allowed to stand." You left that part out.
NO taxation without Representation

Obamacare has Failed.

You are a horrible Person
I, too, am decidedly unwell. Our insurance has raised our deductible to $10,500. Shame is your name @SenateGOP.
Amen @SenateGOP

I wish they had hearts to sway. Chunks of coal occupy that space or we wouldn't have to vocalize our wishes so strenuously.
Pocohanus pre existing will be covered. 
Not enough people in this country care. We are doomed. That's pretty much it.
Should they bankrupt mine instead?  Or the nation as a whole?
They don't care. This is about pushing their agenda through no matter how many lives it costs.
Healthcare debate is incomplete w/o a debate on it's cost.Canada model works in large part coz of lower cost, generics etc.
you can cherry pick individual cases as much as you like. insignificant in the big picture. REPEAL AND REPLACE. MAGA
They need to make calls.
Nervous Elizabeth?
GOP is trying to do the same with this plan dumbass.  Difference is 22 million americans will lose coverage, medicare cut by $700 Billion
Looks like there better if than me! Here's the truth about ACA! There are no cuts to Medicaid accept planned parenthood!
Obamacare has already been doing that!
Paid actor's socialist propaganda machine!
Check out @RealJamesWoods's Tweet:
If you are ever nauseous and need to bring it up, watching this will likely help... 
Have you reached out to the Ackison family from Ohio?
Republicans are not listening to America they care about money only
The #GOP doesnt care about the people. Payoffs from russia is controlling them
If being and rolled into obamacare is not good enough and you why should be good enough for us
How much have you donated, Senator?
They could care less.  She is not part of their "Club for Growth"
I wish you could have gotten through to them, Senator. 
Silver lining, should they pass this disastrous piece of garbage, is Trump & his co-cospirators will be out of office B4 they can implement
Why didn't you have this concern when you voted this disaster in?
POCAHONTAS FLUFFS HILLARY!!
