The Dems are owning jamming judges and political appointments and using the Nuclear option the 1st time. #PutThatInYourPipeAndSmokeIt
Jamming judges? After a year of obstruction and no movement? Are you freaking kidding?
No...go back a look at why the Dems used the nuclear option to begin with.
Oh, I know EXACTLY. I think it's you who is confusing what happened. Unprecedented use of filibuster & obstruction by R's over a YEAR.
But, you might have bought the seat this time- you'll pay for it though in spades. That's for sure.
I doubt it, USA wants Conservs on the court, that's why they voted for @realDonaldTrump. It wasn't because we thought he was conserv.
Well said!  The fate of the Supreme Court was the ONLY reason I voted for Trump.  We cannot allow the highest court to be packed with libs.
Well that's AWESOME! They can make sure rich keep getting richer and us little guys keep getting smaller till there's no more middle class.
Utterly horrifying. Once Trump is impeached, can we not oust Gorsuch too?????
You only have the Senate Democrats to thank for this.  Remember back in 2013 when they went nuclear to "jam through" Obama's appointees?
The GOP was blocking every single one of Obama's appointments.It was only used when our country was in total deadlock.AND it EXCLUDED SCOTUS
IMHO deadlock in government is a good thing.  They're less likely to bugger things up if nothing gets done.
Tell that to our infrastructure.  #TrumpRussia #Impeach45
We just lobbed a few dozen cruise  missiles at a Russian ally.  Still think Trump and Russia are in cahoots?  LMAO...
And yet, 45 STILL hasn't said one derogatory thing about Putin.....#PeePeeTape ?
The Trump/Russia folks are as bad as the Obama "Birthers."  Give it a rest.
Unanimous invocation of nuclear option by Sen. Republicans in order to jam through Gorsuch is shameful.  We need to spill out on the streets
Dems did the same thing in 2013 to "jam through" Obama's appointees.  What's fair for the goose is fair for the gander.  I'm LMAO right now!
Republican Obstructionism of lower level appointments forced Dems hands on that Rs haven't been good citizens for yrs-party first always SAD
So were the Dems not being "good citizens" when they obstructed Gorsuch and "forced Republican's hands?"  Dems hoisted on their own pitard.
Gladly, he is a good man
Democrats Un-corked the nuclear option (and the 'Biden Rule'), put yourself on the back! Gongrats, Gorsuch!
Yeahhhh! That sounds great!
An honorable man would not have accepted this stolen seat. There will always be an asterisk after Gorsuch*.
But Barack Obama and Chucky voted for Judge Gorush a few years ago. What is that about?
Wait, wasn't it Harry Reid who actually changed the rules?
Unfortunately, a majority of Americans either don't care, or are okay, with anything Trump does or says.  That's the sad reality we live in.
Changing your identity to get into college, lying for admission and funding is something you must own.
Just in time for the pre-Impeachment applications (don't you hear Gore vs. Bush in the background?)
We own it ! Thanks #Fauxcohontas for noticing !!
They really needed a break with the major binding arbitration rulings and class action waivers. Oh wait...
The middle class working families are doomed
Tell that to the 265,000 middle class Americans who got new jobs last month alone. #MAGA 
Um yeah jobs the Obama administration created!! Trump can't take credit for something he didn't do
Gorsuch is literally the most neutral and deferent to the law of any jurist on the face of the earth..
But making 325K as a law professor is a just salary as kids eat Ramen Noodles for overpriced education. Funny, left runs colleges=expensive
With pride
Just say what you mean. You want politically motivated Supreme Court Judges to alter the law and increase Democrat voter base.
Yes, they need to lose in 2018 as a result. That said, we ALL will live with the results that come from SCOTUS with Gorsuch on the bench.
But they won't. They don't own anything they do. They blame it on Obama.
Do you think the GOP-owned Gorsuch Court will do anything on gender pay inequality?
@billmaher 
About the same with elizabeth warren trotskyite! Marxist rhetoric at its best...lie..lie..hate..hate.. create chaos!!
@billmaher We are tired of liberals running the country into the ground. We want someone who follows the law, not make it up !
Hey Liz baby maybe you should be more concerned with equal pay for your staffers and thank Biden and Harry for rule changes.
Shut up hypocrite Pocahontas!
Happy for Gorsuch
@billmaher civil war civil war civil war civil war
Oh yes. And don't forget the Gorsuch speech where Trump made it all about himself. Jeez Laweez. What a trumpet.
Didn't senate Democrats invent the nuclear option? C'mon chief get your act together
Oh your team never changed the rules to get judges thru..nope. your party should be called the hypocrats!
And you're an expert on congressional rules, aren't you? Weren't you the senator who was dismissed from the floor for violating the rules?
I am good with that! I'm proud to "own" a balanced Supreme Court, once again
Hey Pocahontas, you need to go back to your tee-pee and smoke a peace pipe-stop this bashing-you're ridiculous!
Like most of your comments, this is pure idiocy and stupidity, and there is no cure for either! RESIGN-you are totally incapable of serving!
Consistence is not your strong suit, is it?
FLASHBACK: Warren Pushed for Nuclear Option to Kill Filibuster Rules in 2012, 2013 https://goo.gl/tSdGrr  
And just who changed those rules? HARRY REID
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/04/11-times-dems-were-conveniently-for-the-nuclear-option-before-they-were-against-it …
Thank goodness! Dems started it with Harry Reid. You certainly have a bad memory, senile?
They are proud to own it. Will do irreparable damage... They don't care.
Yay!!! Team Trump wins another one! Gorsuch will be a great addition to the Supreme Court. America is in better hands today!
Maybe quit changing the rules left. By hook or by crook. #governmentagenda
@NancySinatra Thomas Jefferson warned the nation 200 years ago and no one listened. The end of Democracy?
Harry Reid changed the rules
Dems changed the http://rules.GOP  just applied the Reid Rule to a Supreme Court nominee.
Gladly, fauxcahontas...gladly.
Amazing how many of the Dems supported Gorsuch BEFORE @POTUS nominated him. Go throw your tomahawk!
Yet, you refuse to own Harry Reid making it possible, Chief SquawksALot...
Shrill. Word salad.
I really don't think that is going to be a problem. Hope Pres Trump does as good the next time if it needed.
The public wuldnt stand for rule changes if they werent already done ovr 100 times by Dems of which u wre part of.  Thanks Reid,Biden, and U
@billmaher And we will LOVE it!!!
You need to prove that statement.
Yes & Proud. With Gorsuch rule law & constitution upheld, once again separation of powers intact.  THANK U Mr Pres. For great SC Justice.
Don't you Elizabeth Warren have a PONCHO to knit 
@billmaher they'll be happy to, unfortunately
How is or was he "right wing" ur words don;t make it so!  Who changed rules???
Thanks to Harry Reid! We are thrilled to have him!!!
We happily accept that "blame" You can now go sit in your safe space and see how you can victimize women further
I'm sure they'll gladly do it.  Why don't you start paying the women on your staff what you pay your men.  Practice what you preach.
FBI and dept of justice get nothing done because they spend all their time trying to frame democrats. fix that first.
they never owned anything else before. they dont have to because they just make up some crazy story and the fbi and justice dept enforces it
Oh we will. BTW nuke option was the norm before 60 requirement. Besides Harry triggered it. Ha-ha!
Inrealky thought you were smarter than that....wait till the next appointment when you won't be able to stop it.
After Putin's Pussy Grabber is impeached Gorsuch will always be Justice Treason to me
Only ok when good ol' Harry Reid changes the rules right Liz?
Say is Justice #Gorsuch
Thank God!
Warren and bill u both are hack jobs..Warren go evaluate ur staffs salaries...Maher maybe close ur self in a tomb for 3 days and find jesus
Which is a damn site better than owning a court run by some nitwit communist wannabees.
May as well shred the constitution instead of tearing in small pcs.#we r screwed
So you are mad at Harry Reid then, right?
My God how disingenuous can you be fauxcohontas?
Pocochanas,  GOP did not change the rules! Harry Reid did and you voted to change the rules! Live with it
And we're happy to own it.
Well, you changed the rules first, now live with it.
Oops...there you go again...it was chuck-u schumer who came up with the idea..KARMA, BABY, KARMA..just for you & your lib friends
The dems own the nuclear option - they tried a partisan filibuster for the first time in history.  Easy decision to go nuclear.
The day democracy died - well may be on life support. #tiltedcourt
I would like to jam it you know where
GOP owns Gorsuch Court
Who owns the GOP?
really you don't know? they are brothers named Koch
Its their platform to do what ever pleases them. hope 2018 Dem's takes over both Cong N Senate, then we will play our games. THE NASTY ONE
You lost again SHUT UP LieAwatha!
For a Senator you are really dense , Harry Reid fixed it so that the nuclear option could come into play & YOU know that so hush
Bebelerings of  the Liar
Shame on those moderate Repubs who voted for the Nuke Option. Now they all swim in the same filth.
how's the fallout from H Reid's decisions? Great then. Not so great now.
you did it in 13, to stack the courts, something about karma coming back to bite you on the backside. Look in the mirror, LIAR
I think your memory is a little off, as to who changed the rules - huh?
She's saying this as if anything could embarrass them. #Nope
You cannot shame the shameless.
The problem with that Elizabeth is they do proudly. We will not move from Russiagate
Who did the filibuster?  Who first changed voting rules for judicial appointments?  Who started what again? Sit down and shut up. @POTUS
They don't care.
Lizzie baby, blame it on your past hero Harry Reid! Had he not gone nuke in 2013 u pecker heads wouldn't face this!
I thought the democrats changed the rules.
Pocahantas, u have a short memory, huh? Remember H Reid? Mr. Nuclear Option? Go away. U make a fool of urself every time u open ur mouth.
Yeah! We'll own it
ok 
@Solar_Dancer  Oh don't kid yourself, Liz. They are happy to.
U watched the primaries being stolen; said nothing. You watched the police violate #DAPL water protectors & never said a word. Really brave.
You could've fought for @SenSanders instead U backed a corrupt warhawk knowing she'd lose & said NOTHING. Youre so brave. #corporateDems
Juge Goresch has morehonor then you will ever have. Hey are ya paying your female employees the same as your male employees. NOT
You are so two faced. Amazing you didnt speak up when H Reed started this mess in 2013
And what difference is there between You and the DNC and the GOP?  All talk, no action.  You all have the same puppet masters.  #DemExit
That's what the plan 2 block Garland & nuclear option was all abt!
EB 5 applications end 4.28.17 
Bill, i hope you give some free publicity to the 3 #fakedemocrats who voted 4 #NeilGorsuch tonight. People have a right to know. #Quislings
God bless you chief I will just bitith tongue and RT God bless miss good day
#SCOTUS will now be complicit (yeah, THAT word) in the declaration of martial law by June 2018.
Also means you'll be able to appoint a gay, black, Muslim immigrant in 2020.
Maybe you should have also stopped Reid from doing it. Maybe then I could consider your comments now.
With pride, thank you very much.
I hope you remember this day. #2018
Cry me a river !!!
God help the law abiding American.....
Kangaroo courts next if Goursh has his way...
GORSUCH STANDS ON IN HIS OWN LIGHT! GOD BLESSED REPUBLIC UNITED STATES  TODAY! TRUMP TRUTH STILL WINNING AND WINNING! MAGA!
And they will proudly!!
So what
his seat on the bench comes with an asterisk*.
...and all the filibuster-proof decisions rendered by the Resistance down the line.
I keep thinking this all would be so different if only the Democraps had not abandoned labor.  They the dems turned their backs on labor!
They don't care Senator.  It's what they want. An oligarchy.
Gladly
I understand your outrage BUT he is in & u really didn't DO ANYTHING to stop it. U people are supposed to work for the people & u failed us.
Why vote when they keep pushing threw all there friends
what's the point of rules if they can be changed to get their way?
Just like the Dem's did with the federal judges - Enough dirt for everyone to share! Get rid of em all!
yeah I’m sure they’ll be crying themselves to sleep when he helps overturn progressive measures, hurting millions…
And how come this is legal?   What happened that nothing was done with Obama's nominee?
The GOP may own the Gorsuch court but it's we the people who will pay for it.
Shame shame shame!!!!
Wait til 2018 and the tables will turn.  New elections, Trump impeachment - plenty of hope for future Dem nominees.
dems created the nuclear option
Yeah. That'll show 'em.
hell yes
What goes around comes around.
We can see all the 5 to 4 decisions now with the same players on both sides. SCOTUS is a joke but they have the constitution on their side.
Without a fight on pilitical hypocrisy, the Rs will continue to win at this game. Can only call them out if your house is in order.
yep n 2 more when the old lib on the court leave!
Why is this being allowed. Are we now being run by a dictator because the Republicans don't mind putting their choices through.
Instead of being pissed about Dem vs Rep, why can't you just vote for ones who keep religions BS out of our judicial system.
Your as a bigot  as people say,  democrats are lost an your leading the way to vote out all democrats
thanks Harry Reid
2018. Theyre unemployed
Just as we Dems sadly have to own that Democrats downed the filibuster potential for executive cabinet nominees.
I am so discouraged! "Christians" in America....Theocracy! Using the name of 'God' for destruction!
so, can we change the rules to allow popular vote on null and void previous election?
You need to go away! Nobody cares what you have to say.
Ok, sounds good. We will.  Do you own all the liberal judges you packed on the appellate court?
Clean your own house, Bets..  You'll be busy all the time.
Philibustering to stop a judge because he follows the law and the Constitution is unAmerican
Why don't you go and pay your female staff what you pay the boys and stop this nonsense.  Thanks @SenatorReid
The only way they win is to cheat. They've done it for years, and they are completely unapologetic about it too. It's revolting.
The Supreme Court will now be all political, Mitch and his gang have destroyed the faith in the justice system.
Actually Litzy- conservatives will own it. Losers walk so get walking.
The problem is that it's apparent they don't care
