There is no end to the damage this administration is causing. It is going to be one hell of a job getting the US back on track ! #Resist
Lol. Damage? Do you know of the good things? Or do you ignore them?
Really? So all these people with life saving stories are liars? Smh
Those are some pretty dramatic statistics. What about the % of people that already had healthcare through their jobs?
Once again, that was your insurance company's fault.
Don't have to sabotage--it carries the seeds of its own destruction designed by, you guessed it, the Democratic Party.
It was designed to succeed and only fails with sabotage from Republicans.
It was designed to fail and replaced by single payer. Look up Gruber. http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/223578-obamacare-architect-lack-of-transparency-helped-law-pass … Get informed.
My question is. How do we stop this plan to provide affordable healthcare for everyone? We have to make sure people keep going broke.
Tort reform, quicker FDA approval, by across state lines, plan choices re: like a hotel Rm. u can go motel 6 or Waldorf.
I actually have had health insurance before the ACA. At the time it was fairly good. Didn't cover crap...
Mine was great. $195mo $1500 deductible. Obamacare made my plan illegal.
Mine was a little over $200 a month with Aetna. Now I pay $438 a month zero deductible. Zero RX. I don't have to worry about  anything.
Clearly he's incapable of taking any responsibility for his mistakes but freely expresses that others must do so. #FailingFakeNewPrez
Trump is certainly not responsible since he hasn't a hand or a pen in this crap bucket if a health bill.
He is the president. He doesn't even know what's in the plan. He should at least know what's in it.

"The buck stops here!" ~ #POTUS Harry S. Truman
"I'm not going to own it!" ~ #SoCalledPresident @realDonaldTrump
#Resist #AHCA #TrumpRussia
*sigh* Oh to have a president who takes responsibility for his actions, his inactions, &/or his ignorance.
Umm. What part of Senate and House do you not understand?
1. Not sure I follow, so apologies if this doesn't answer your question. Republicans have the majority in both chambers. But Trump should
2. still know what's in their healthcare plan. He is the president. & he should work w/ Congress not just issue false proclamations.
Obamacare, otherwise known as a socialist, single payer, Government-pay-all-welfare healthcare plan...unaffordable and useless to a citizen.
Nice. Yep. only works for the non working.
Don't make me laugh....ITS FAILING ON ITS OWN
You forgot to mention that he's not going to "own it". I'm so thankful we have people like you fighting for us. Thank you!
This is impeachable in and of itself.  This violates his duty and is dereliction of his duties.
I can't believe our president actually hopes our health care system fails as opposed to working with Dems to fix the problems with it.
It's FAILING NOW ALL ON IT'S OWN!Trump asked Dems for their help with the Bill months ago, and they flatly REFUSED! They KNOW it's failingn


Love u trump n family!!finally seeing great changes
Demshad 8 years they did nothing for legal American citizens #fakepocahonta 
Shut up! My goodness you just keep on like Trump don't you! You can't see yet Marilyn...he does not care about you!
He will have to own it when it fails because he failed to do his job to up hold the law.
Trump is detached and hell bent on erasing anything Obama with no regard for whether or not it works. He could care less about the sick.
What works? Only thing that works are for the non-working.
He is just an evil business man!
A simple yet perfect description.

Impeachable? Impeach!
Just shows you how vindictive he is! He does not care what Americans want! Only 17% do!
Obama "SABOTAGED" the ACA!!!  It was set up to fail!!!  It's imploding on it's own!!!
It's been failing since day one. It was born on lies and died on the truth .. repeal and replace
How is that even possible?  Try living with Obamacare yourself. Try citing real numbers. Take the DNA test.
https://www.cms.gov/Newsroom/MediaReleaseDatabase/Fact-sheets/2017-Fact-Sheet-items/2017-03-15.html …
The man is a pig
Love my President! #MAGA!

Are you afraid you might have to get a job and pay for ur own food for ur kids? I love Fox News, it's not fake news!
Looks like you still have zero. You're a sad ignorant soul.

You should be crying. Your president is a thief and a liar. Cry on
OBAMACARE is failing. It only works well for the non working. 2 years from now is when it will explode.....Enjoy morons.
Senator Warren let's reveal the systemic corruption. I know you have what it takes. Look me up in Katy TX! I'm trying so hard to be heard.
Donald arm are to short to box with my GOD 
Never heard from you Warren. Let us see your monthly insurance bill to compare with an Obamacare bill for a regular American woman same age!
Obamacare was a failure the moment Obama signed it, that was the plan all along, so come off it
How one President hates another President so much...
That is really what this is all about.
yeah trump is so jealous of Obama he will let ppl die bc of a fake health care bill still trying to prove he had a bigger inauguration crowd
Yeah. Bigger inauguration crowd. Wink wink. Nudge nudge.
Of course for him it probably does come down to penis size
I'm shocked. Where did you get that idea. 
Hahaha
trump is so out class to the president of the united state ,,,, we are  in trouble as a nation having the clown in CHARGE
Obama was the clown. Trumps actually producing results.
Let your guard down what exactly are you doing two prop Obamacare up?
@VP @NatlGovsAssoc @AARP @AARPadvocates @AARPCares  trump and pence are advocating death of American citizens instead of working to help USA
Troutman ignorance!
See how I said that without resorting to GOP childishness and insults?  WWJD
Big difference between ignorance and childishness.
Evidently you suffer from both Troutman
What is ignorant about advocating for health care for Americans, Mimi?
Everybody is advocating for that. However, insurance and drug companies should not be allowed to lobby congress!
Check it out.  It's absurd!
Thanks to Republicans infighting
If the Dimocrats were the concerned they would work with the Republicans on a new healthcare instead of just saying no no no no no no no no
Repubs are sinking it. They have majority. Votes against are thinking of ppl 
Enjoy your Obamacare but not for long. The Republican is loaded with RINO'S. Soon to change in 2018 election
 Sure! Whatever gets YOU through this presidency! 
Deecee  71/2 more years of MAGA. Everyday is a blessing it's not HILLARY
Ok http://John.You 're comfortable with Make America Gag Again,Unacceptable.Lucky if 1
Deecee learn to finish your sentence. I did not understand it at all. Better still go to your safe place and color your book. PRESTRUMP MAGA
Like him or don't, this guy can harm America irrevocably, and his stooges clap while it happens.  Please continue to pay attention America.
Elizabeth, he doesn't have to sabotage it.President Obama and the rest of you Democrats in Congress took care of that the day it was passed
It's a Failure like you & Obama from the beginning. This is all on the Democrats. America's has had enough of radical progressive leftists.
Pocahontas! Still lying your ass off!
Sorry to say but any healthcare failure belongs to the one who sits in the presidential seat. Dems win no matter what happens
O-CARE WAS PURPOSELY DESIGNED TO FAIL FOR THE PURPOSE OF BRINGING ON SINGLE PAYER (GOVT RUN) H/C. STOP LYING TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS POCAHONTAS
Its designed to fail cheif.  Straight out of the Obamacare fathers mouth.  Dont you remember?
Obama care is the Titanic, you can't stop it from sinking.
We the people will suffer because all he thinks about is himself.
The insurance companies already know he's going to sabotage it. That's why they're pulling out of the marketplace. Sadly he will succeed.
No sabotage required. Just stand back and laugh.
#Fauxcahontas
he doesn't need to do any thing it is failing on it's http://own.You  where never on it and did not read it until after it passed
No sabotage. The Bill is failing badly all by itself. Don't be deceived by this Leftist's cover up and lies!

Trump is the best pres since Regan.Thank God for him THANK GOD I SAY ;-)
This lady is still around , still mad for losing

THANKS YOU NEED TO GET THE BALL ROLLING AND START FIXING THE PROBLEMS NOT THROW IT AWAY
Actively tried to kill it?
NEW: Trump administration used Obamacare promotional money to run a major PR effort against the law http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it …
He will not take responsibility for anything, he blames everyone else
Make up your mind, Senator.
Your colleague, Sen Marco Rubio has already begun the sabotage
The GOP have already sabotaged it and the Dems have been woefully inadequate at communicating this.
I fear this presidency more than anything I've feared in my life. He is putting our country in a very vulnerable position.
Yes, it's better everyone right is protected within and outside.  I support u people more than the pretending "murdering Obama / Clinton.
Why don't the Dems just put up or shut up ,whinging and whining reforms nothing .Everyone wants the same thing but they continue to divide.
#KochSucking republicans have been sabotaging OUR govt from the inside for years. @GOP #UnfitToGovern #TreasonWeasels
right.but we are not hearing enough from the democrats....
It was failing well before Trump was elected. You own it Fauxcahontas.
If you haven't noticed, its already failing. I guess you aren't interested in anything except posturing for when it happens. Worthless...
@SenWarren HusseinCare doesn't need any help in failing.  We have you and your like to thankfor that.
TRAGICtRUMP has no clue what is going on, but his ENABLERS DO. Though He maligned them, they protect him to get their EVIL LAWS PASSED.
It's failing Pocahontas get a clue you socialist

Trump is such a weird-o
This Presidency and Administration should implode-let it feed it's own fire-spend your time protecting the free will of the people
Lady, just STHU, you're not fit to shine @POTUS' shoes, much less disparage him with your misguided erroneous aspersions
Why would he sabotage something that he knows is failing by it's own flaws. Obama care was merely a failed attempt at socialism. COMMUNISM.
Call the moderate Senators' Washington office tonight. You'll leave a voicemail but it will count. 202-224-3121.
Wow! What great brainpower you have there fauxcahontas. Its obamacare until amended so suck it up witch.

Intentionally sabotaging it would violate his oath of office=>another Article of Impeachment!
And that's exactly what he is doing... sabotage

You all lied when you told supporters in 2015 you were going to repeal & replace to get voted in -LIERS we can do without
#Left crafted #ObamaCare as economic #sabotage from its inception. #Democrats wanted it, voted for it & are the sole owners #congratulations
We really need to fight to repulse @GOP efforts to repeal AcA since 88% of America wants AcA fixed stop Trump careless indifference to AcA
He's a coward

DUMP FAKE PRESIDENT 
#trumpIsEVIL
And he says he for the people. Who passes the buck just to let something fail.? Wrong!!!
Sounds like an NIN lyric...
Of course he is sabotaging it ...why else would he say for months now "let it fail"?His personal vendetta for Obama is despotic
you might not have much of a say
The commie phony president deconstruction of our government. Treason corruption lies greed theft of America
Obama care has already failed and you know it. Your ridiculous and pathetic.
Um. Obamacare starting failing long before POTUS took office. You didn't seem to care then.
Be very wary--when people lie, they wait for the next opportunity. It's easy to lie again once your nose has begun to grow.
I have no idea what you plan to do on health care. How do you make it work beside the one payer. Put forth some ideas get going
Hey sweet cakes it doesn't need help to fail. It's yours when it implodes. And it will
Oh, little peanut, you seem a touch angry. Are you hungry? This should help.
Hurray Elizabeth! Why is he not gone?
Vincent and Andrew And Mike Pompeo agree with Senator Warren

Let's not mince words; what he's said and intends to do is disgusting. He cares nothing for American people and nor do many of the GOP..
Absolutely, Jessica. Paris Agreement and NATO are a big giveaway. Also, this is a travesty:
This is sure a long way from united we stand.  What a shame.
Ma'am, Obamacare failed as soon as it privileged/exempted the politicians and burdened the middle class.
HOW is this sick fuck still in office right now???????? How are ANY of his cabinet members still in office?
DT sure has a twisted view of what "winning" actually looks like!
can't believe Obama care is bad for the country
Republicans lie when telling the truth is easier. You know where this is headed, Clinton or Obama. Which will it be or both?
Please RT, let this article go viral; people must know that the GOP is a pack of rats.
Your party sold Obamacare w lies.
Resist!
So sick of you Dems bashing Pres. Trump! You are doing nothing but tearing America apart!The blame for the Healthcare problem lies with Dems
Because "President" is the same asshole he's always been.   We'll give him the respect that POS bully deserves
Read up on the history of ACA and note when the GOP began to sabotage it.  Hint:Marco Rubio was one offender.Not the only.
By "let Obamacare fail," he means hobble it, throw it down the staircase, choke the life out of it, and then say, "Look, it died."
He has obligation to enforce the laws doesn't he?
HOW is ignoring the funding statutes & requirements of a constitutional law NOT a violation of the presidential oath of office??? #Impeach
#ImpeachTrumpNow
@Senate @Congress @FoxNews  REPUBLICAN'S SABOTOGING ACA/Obamacare! BIG DRUG COMPANIES: HUGELY RAISED DRUG PRICES! THAT RAISED OBAMACARE!
Please don't interrupt the POTUS when he's doling out blame; that is his only verifiable skill.
he is a monster who cares not for disabled children. Shame on @GOP
That's how he's going to govern?
You need to fucking impeach him. Nothing else will do
So the wanna be dictator is going to take pleasure in his people's suffering simply because he didn't get his way? #25thAmendmentNow
You are unbelievable. We don't need to sabotage Ocare. It was failing before Trump was elected. It will continue to fail.
Wrong. It is not failing.
Mr Evil up 2 no good 4 the good of poor people @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Already working in Oklahoma BCBS pulling out of Hosptial's.
All the failures Trump blames on others are his and the GOP's responsibility.  Own your rampant, never-ending failures--stop blaming others.
It was designed to fail. Single payer was the grand plan from the beginning.
Does he not understand that he works FOR US? Sabotaging ACA is not working for us.

He's just a school yard bully with his feelins hurt.
OMG ! Who elected this DOPE !
Is a President legally bound to uphold the laws amended to the constitution? To me "letting ACA fail" sounds illegal.
Go back to your teepee
@WhitfordBradley @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Article 2 Section 3. Take Care clause. Has anyone in WH read it??

Keep Trump accountable for each action he takes to sabotage ACA and sue him for monies he doesn't pay. He OWNS IT if ObamaCare fails.
Lady, u make me smh every time u open ur mouth. Insurance companies r 2 blame Who allowed that 2 happen from start? #arealleaderyouare #ha
Leaders take the blame. Losers quit.
He doesn't have to sabatoge it, it's already failing. Have you not looked at it? Have you looked at the numbers? I have, and it's failing...
next bill makes the DNC pay for democrats healthcare while normal America refuse #SocialistHealthcare #DemocratsPlan #SaulAlinsky failures
I was non partisan for a number of years - but I have now registered as Democrat because the GOP shows callous and disruptive policies.
Obamacare is SocialistCare and there is NO WAY in hell it will stay VOTERS plan to remove ALL democrats with SOCIALIST intentions period
@realDonaldTrump is about the dumbest SOB on earth~!~
"Saboteur-in-chief."  Say it with me.  Over and over and everywhere.
#healthcare #HealthcareBill #evil  @Aetna Anthem Humana #trump #GOP #trumpcare
This is odd. Is warren invested in these companies? They're all up at least 100% in the market... but she wants to give them more $$$. Hmmm
How can we help?
The GOP has been slowly killing the PPACA for years now.  Let down your guard?  Too late.  Now fix it, we're counting on you!
SAD!
YOU are failing America! We don't care how you feel. We voted for Trump to get rid of Obamacare. DO YOUR JOB and stop playing games!
It's a shame our President wants the system to fail.  Why can't he work with the congress to come up with a plan that works for everyone?
Donald Trump is probably going to refuse to pay premiums for sick people or to take his time paying them which will cause companies to run
There are consequences for not taking civic duties seriously
A little too late for people to give a s*** now the people have to do their homework to get America back in order always vote its your right
Yup. Well I wasn't suppose to make this roundup but I did; good luck on the next
With all the voter suppression going on we're going to need a little bit more than luck especially if Russian tries to interfere again
Mail in ballots
That would never work people would be mailing in more than one we need the one-person one-vote rule no electoral  College
This means 1 state out of 50 would decide results of the election. This is why we have the EC.
Wake up Pocahontas
That's DC now Senator. Both parties are so hell bent on being right instead of doing what's right. I REPEAT,  BOTH PARTIES.
Amen!
No,fails all by itself, & has been failing since the day it was forced upon us. Punishes 96% of us, to give 4% for free. '1%er Warren' lies
Obamainsurance is failing all on its own.  We can't afford the CARE part because of our high deductibles!  Wake up!!
These guys @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 
@GovPenceIN are void of humanity, love, kindness, empathy et al
They're evil spirits
Trump do you have a heart or you just  for your self
Dear Senator Warren:  Most Americans don't understand how the @GOP and the WH can continue to sabotage the ACA, by destroying the exchanges
Trump is not a leader. Because he doles out blame on others. A true leader takes the responsibility.
This Joffrey Ego rather kill 33 million Americans so he can try to embarrass obama.
Blaming trump for obozocare failure?  Crazy as a loon.  Obozocare was intended to fail to move to single payor system.
Let him eat his own shit sandwich !

Dirt
The protests must increase so that the planned sabotage will decrease
POTUS to "let fail" is phoney. Tom Price is the planned admin agent of destruction. However, he'll prob be tied up in court stays thru 2018!
A REAL PRESIDENT doesn't try and Sabotage his own country...he PROTECTS and Lifts Up his country & its citizens! #fakepresident #45 #impeach
Thanks for your work! 
Can't we force @potus to enforce #ACA law -he is the chief executive?@ACLU #resist  @VetsAgnstTrump #TrumpLies
Um, @realDonaldTrump didn't need to do anything, Ocare was a failure from the get go. #getREAL #joinusinreality
It was already failing before he got into office Elizabeth be honest do your job
He (and the REST OF THE GOP) have been sabotaging it from the beginning... 7 yrs of obstruction and still NOTHING BETTER TO OFFER!!
@realDonaldTrump so this doesn't apply to you, !
You're supporting double digit increases in people's insurance premiums yet would vote against anything that isn't the status quo. ResistSad
Article 2 of the US Constitution says he cannot do that, ma'am.
They've already sabotaged Obamacare
Kid Rock for Senator!
He takes responsibility for NOTHING!!
On Inauguration Day Trump vowed to uphold the law of the land and the ACA is still the law. Hold him to it.
Omg. OBLAHBLAH care is ALREADY FAILING. Wasn't that the plan from the beginning anyways?
"Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible." Donald Trump 2013 Ha!
blame the establishment do-nothing progressive RINOs that have hamstrung  the REP Party,& infiltrated the Tea Party Patriots to make it fail
"Let them eat cake.  I've got great government health insurance!"
True! The greedy corrupt GOP will NEVER stop trying to kill healthcare for all Americans!
"We the People" WILL prevail just as we did with the utterly soulless cretins in the GOP the past three failed attempts ...#NeverRepeal
How can one obstruct when you're not a part of the process.
He is nothing but a Shameful disgusting RACIST. Hates Obama but yet still VERY EXTREMELY JELEOUS of him
Maybe tRump and the @GOP should get over their obsession to dismantle everything "Obama" and instead work to fix the #ACA for ALL AMERICANS?
Pocanhontas is a liar too. How will he make it fail from the inside if it's been failing even while Obama was still around? Obvious lie.
It will be up to us to stop him.
The will of the GOP to harm and destroy lives is relentless.
I can't be the only one who thought of the saying "Let them eat cake" when I heard this. God, he's oblivious.
Please don't let this happen!  All those people who are depending on OC will be out in the cold.  So underhanded!  Dangerous man!
#Medicare4All!
