Still trying to keep that story alive, huh?Have u ever mentioned anything about @realDonaldTrump being surveilled&Susan Rice's involvement?
And the unmasking? Well it happened. Are you upset about that Liz? You r so full of& you can't be trusted along w/all the other crooks!
You've been investigating him for months and you have bumpkis. Give it up Pocahontas 
We are what keeps this Country great
That's what the Left is made out of. Anger, division, piss & vinegar.
I'm filled with love & happiness. Have a good night
NO, no need for tax payer millions to go to this bogus story. Hillary lost, Get over it....AND by the way, HILLARY s/have been prosecuted.
9 months into an investigation and no proof of collusion. If there had been it would have already been leaked. Give it up and get to work.
Don't forget Podesta Brothers, and now Mark Warner
I'm learning from you Warren, how to act the next time a democrat is elected. Make up lies & hate them no matter what they do! Got it! #LIAR
.Please stop running your mouth. We'd like to see you investigated #WhatsInYourCloset public servants don't get rich w/o corruption
What have you done for the state of our Republic?
.My great grands, grands, father and son served our country so you can spew your hate, what have you done?
Mine too; all the way back to the Rev War; we have to call out what we see as injustice
I call Bullshit!!
Dad, son Dad's at @ArlingtonNatl they fight for all, even those that wont
I don't trust @SenateMajLdr any further than I can throw a Hummer. He can't be part of choosing the investigator, either.
Agreed!
What ties to Russia ? Since July 2016 apparently nothing has come to light. Almost a year and no evidence. Move on. Pathetic.
No reason to suspect any Trump ties to Russia; on the other hand Hillary Clinton's ties are so blatant as to be blinding-don't have to look
Help us save democracy.  I am increasingly worried we are at great risk!
@adamthuss @allinwithchris how about Sally Yates? She's qualified
Keep up the fight!
we the people need to stand up and show a sign of force. We are hundreds of thousands against everyone in government and we have the power!
You know when we needed a special prosecutor? When the Attorney General met with the husband of the subject of an investigation on a plane.
GOOD LUCK FINDING ANYBODY INDEPENDENT IN THIS DAY AND AGE.OBAMA DIVIDED US BEYOND REPAIR. WAIT..BERNIE'S AN INDEPENDENT.  LOL
Good luck !  2.3 million Warren  vs 29 million Trump followers enough said 
 Oh that's right we have no say All Red soon. Do some real work
And it will come out of your lined pockets right ???? You remind me of an old lady saying get off MY grass .
Why Don't we investigate your heritage? What tribe are U related to? Lie on federal application is Breaking the Law. "fess up women!".
Hey we the people voted go take a nap and we will wake you up in 8yrs.Try doing your job for the people
Alex Standing Bear @AlexStandingBear Treason:
violation of allegiance to one's sovereignty betrayal of trust breach of faith; treachery.
The American people want to know how Hillary was able to get away with selling our uranium to Russia. That's the connection to investigate.
Hey Liz, what have u ever done to earn a paycheck, u r truly worthless, I could never understand y people chose to put u back in office.
Omg get a grip, you will definitely be voted out
R u lying about this like you did about ur Harvard admissions??
That was a waste of time. We need you to stop obstructing President Trump. Start working for the country or get out of the way!
Best of luck u have to have something real to investigate like dnc hack & where is the American people's 10 trillion u libs spent
I don't know how MANY TIMES you have to hear it from Clapper & Comey - there's NOTHING THERE!
You need an independent PROSECUTOR when there is an INDICTMENT! No one has been Indicted! Maybe we investigate your being a Native American?
You are a liar and a cheat and you sicken me with your rhetoric, you should be ashamed of yourself.
There are no ties, stop it before we have a civil war you and your cronies are ruining our country
.@SenWarren I'd rather watch my UberEats driver get stuck in traffic.
You need to do your job and enough with the LIES
What about Hillary AND Bill's BIG lies.  Oh, lets forget about that.  You don't have a rug big enough to sweep this under..
Go ahead , get 2 or 3 more going, long as YOU pay for it #NO EVIDENCE
do we need a special prosecutor on Hillary's email?  What about all the email on Wiener's computer from his wife Comey testified last week?
And of course he will investigate Hillary's ties at the same time.
We need a special prosecutor to find out why the Obama administration was survalaling U.S. citizens.
We need a special prosecutor to find out who leaked unmasked U.S. citizen name to the media. So far the only crime committed.
Maybe she and Maxine Waters along with Nancy Pelosi can get a group rate at the Psych store. All need a good head examine!
Go get you head examined you nutjob!
Because there is no ties to Russia. 7 mos have gone by and NOTHING.  Cant make this crap up.
Needing, and getting are 2 different things.  Only tRUMP has wants/needs that he always gets dishonestly in most cases!
So true indeed
what about hillary's and the clinton foundations ties to russia?
How about one for #HillaryClinton  or #obama ?
There won't be one because elections have consequences and we've  stripped you democRAT lunatics of power. Smoke that Fauxcahontas.
Trump admin should appoint as many special prosecutors as the Ovomit admin did.
Please shut up. No one takes you serious? I cannot figure out how someone like you ever got elected? @realDonaldTrump
Let it go.  Geeezzzz enough with Russia. Lower taxes, cut regulations, get this country working again.
You can beat the dead horse all you want and it is still not going to get up and run. Progressive sock puppet
Why don't you democrat hypocrites can it already with the bullshit still no proof
Excuse my Lang. -Heck with GOP butt kissers. Time to "March for Truth" to demand an independent investigation!
Do all of you Dems. let the media control your brains?
you are a joke senator... pure and simple joke... please go away....
Why do you lie and treat your supporters like they are stupid?  Tell the truth.   http://freebeacon.com/national-security/manchin-no-evidence-collusion-between-trump-russia/ ….
The kook medal is awarded to you!
You called for Comey's firing a few days ago, but now that he's fired you whine about it? Talk about hypocrisy! YOU should be fired!
Thankyou Senator
I think they should check Pocahontas for any ties to Russia.
Senator, please bring this to the people. We need to protest loud & clear. Our values are under siege, I'm truely scared
Go back to your nursing home bingo game, you invalid.
Thank you.  Keep their feet to the fire, all of you.
Did you mention investigating @HillaryClinton tied to Russia?
How bout getting rid of this propagandist
Please appoint a special independent prosecutor to investigate now before Trump replaces Comey!
stop blaming trump and Russia because u lost, u lost because wikileaks exposed the dirty deeds of the dems u fool
Subpoena his TAX RETURNS.  If they don’t explain anything, then so be it, but doubt that will be the case.
We do and we need to know why Obama allowed Russia to interfere in our election under his watch.
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 @pannlewis44 #Veterans Here's a Glimpse of Trumps Short Miserable Treasonous Future https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9AAnXo0F5c …
The Democrats have been screaming for Director Comey's head since July 2016. Why all of a sudden r u singing a different tune? Partisanship?
Keep up the fight.  I think you're doing a great job. We need more strong voices like yours.
https://mobile.twitter.com/leahr77/status/862180208069267456 …
Sessions should resign over this, please call for his resignation. #impeachTrumpnow
Independent prosecutor and govt freeze from further destruction to our country.
Hopefully they'll get a special prosecutor to revisit Hilary Clinton's email/server investigation and determine to charge her with treason.
THERE ARE NO TIES, YOU AND YOUR ENTIRE PARTY ARE DILLUSIONAL!
Where were you at when Lynch was muzzling Comey?!! Suuuuuch HYPOCRISY!! Get the LEFT OUUUUT!!!
So you have actual evidence, you know, since the DNC made the claim and gave server to intelligence. Oh wait they wouln't turn over server??
Thank you Sen Warren! Agree completely!
Incoherent and NON FACTUAL accusations. You and BOTH PARTIES expressed lack of trust in Comet for months. Now u trust? Pathetic DEM BS.
Christie or Guiliani?
Please continue to fight for an independent investigation. We need it now more than ever. #whatshetryingtohide
Get real.. drain the swamp. All we need is real law enforcement.  not politics.. real simple. Remove the roadblocks, and respect the law!
Oh good, now go talk to the AG, who RECOMMENDED the firing of Comey, AND who APPOINTS A SP you dumb sh#t!!
Did you also Converse what your Native American people Pocahontas Lol! No one takes you seriously, you made a joke of yourself
Maybe we should call for an investigation of all your fake claims about heritage and how much money you have scammed as a result.
We demand a special prosecutor to look into the leaking and unmasking. More at foot here than Russia.
Trump supporters are REAL familiar with projection. Guess who's gonna be locked up boys? Hint.....it isn't Hillary.
2018 elections coming soon.  U can the ones whining the most are those who do the least.  Scrambling to look good now!
I know. I was right not mrs hillway mr thump. Should azolize  to her for her lost frist lady president
Be careful Elizabeth elections coming up
BULLSHIT this is just a political witch hunt by @TheDemocrats "No Evidence" of Russian Collusion!!
I call the DOJ and left message we need a special independent counsel to head this investigation ASAP!
Exactly!
Sorry to c so many rude and obnoxious ppl responding. U deserve better, Senator, but it seems the collective IQ of Americans has plummeted.
...as well as the collective grace, dignity, and decency.
Many thanks! I thought of writing to you about this but am not surprised to see you're already on it!
Please help, Senator! Independent investigation!
I agree. Senator you take the ball and get down to the bottom of this, I trust you
When u HATE someone as much as u&Hillary do,perhaps u should not write a book u can't stand behind.U Elizabeth have lied thru the whole book
I think your book needs a little more work Elizabeth.U need2take the lies out of the book.Just because u tella story doesn't mean it is true
Elizabeth,howmanytimes do they have2 say"there r no finding2tiePres.Trump2 Russia.R u hard of hearing.I thought Indianshad excellend hearing
Maybe, but after his "interview" with @SusanSarandon & @joshfoxfilm recently, I just can't stomach him or his show.
We need a special prosecutor to investigate Goofy Liz's ties to reality.  I suspect there aren't any.
If you thought Comey wasn't doing his job, why didn't you do the same about the Clinton Foundation? Rags to riches..Oh wait, that's you!
You prove you are unfit for the office you hold when you make accusations, that even former Obama officials say are baseless, without proof
Yet time and time again...no proof!!! You phony lying political hack!!!!!!
Goofy old phony!
Then get it done. Talking on TV won't solve the problem.
Did you say 'it's because I only care about my party and have no intent of doing work for the country' or did you lie?
look out lizzie he's coming for you @SenSchumer   @NancyPelosi and the rest of flip flop gang next lol lol
There are no ties!!!
"You dont speak for all of Americans and you barely speak for Mass."
How many people have to say NO EVIDENCE before you comprehend
You are insane - Read AG Recommendation - we absolutely support @POTUS in firing Comey - you do NOT speak for all Americans
But why did you not agree to an independent prosecutor for Hillary's tarmac meeting & Clinton foundation accounts?
#IndependentInvestigation
Please produce and hard proof of what you are saying. Otherwise, this is just another Witch hunt from Massachusetts and nothing more.
Hey Pocahontas you got nothing to support Russian cllusion. Spell it N-O-T-H-I-N-G. Bwahahaha!!
Yes, thanks for speaking up for a special prosecutor in such a calm and decisive manner. So glad you're our Senator 02476
Get over the Russia stuff. No ties there. Get over it. Move on. Take a chill pill. Retire. Get some shock therapy. Do something productive
Trump is a SNAKE IN THE GRASS
You do not speak for me you dweab! There are millions of Americans that were waiting for Comey to be fired!
Witches for witches ho tell it on a mountain
Oh Pocahontas please move on. The Russians ain't got nothing to do with it.
yeah independent like a group from Canada!  I don't trust anything this government does anymore! Civil War is needed!!!!

How about just getting rid of the orange bastard??
STOP TALKING AND GET IT DONE!!!!!!! THIS PRESIDENT IS A CRIMINAL AND NEEDS TO GO NOW!
Serious question: Where are Comey’s files right now? Who controls them? After Nixon fired special prosecutor, office was sealed. Important.


Plus, he fired the FBI Director, LOL! When Bill Clinton Had 93 U.S. Attorneys FIRED IN ONE DAY (VIDEO)
DemocRATic MORONS!
DemcoRATic lawmakers are PATHETIC!
HAHAHAHAHA liberal tears are tasty
Stop the self-promotion and DO SOMETHING, Senator. Empty words mean nothing, and yours are ALL empty now. Stop tweeting. Do your job!
So, waste more tax payer dollars on where there is nothing. Yep, sounds like Congress.
Nice to hear that Rudy Giuliani is going to be the next FBI boss.   Cool
Yes, please spend tax$ on independent prosecutor to solve Russia mystery: did they influence Trump? Clinton? LePen? Macron? others?
So you want to spend my tax money incvestigating something everyone admits there is no evidence for?
Yates, Bharara, and Comey - GONE...what now? When will our leaders start the impeachment process???
should be investigated what you think?
