youre showboating. it won't make it through congress before Obama is out & Trump is in. But showboating is what you do
Nation before party and ego. What the difference between showboating and Tweeting, bullying, vendetta?
a bill that's never going to make it to the Senate floor much less get signed on trumps desk is showboating
Better then bullying
nice false equivalency. I never commented on bullying I was commenting on Warrens showboating
The GOP bullies all the time
again your attempt to deflect from my point remains irrelevant to what I said
I think you are talking about tactics of a party.
The question must be asked. Has the Republican Party become the most Dangerous Threat to American Democracy?
the democrats with behavior & paranoia is embarrassing,belittling of US, & weakens us in eyes of world
Hahaha! Another supporter of "President Elect Vladimir PUTIN" and COMRADE TRUMP! #putinsbitch
loser
YES! That he is.
I was talking about you.
No I'm pretty sure you were referring to PUTINS BITCH Trump! Lol
Thanks.  Trump and his cronies need to be held to the law.   GOP seems out of control.   What is going on in DC?
If you need help, let us know.
very happy!  Good news!
Now your talking!!
can he be impeached right away. How will you get republicans to go this ?
Way to go. You are our warrior.  I wish all dems had your guts.
Thank you!!!!!
THANK YOU!!
please keep up the good work.
Thank you!
Yes!  We don't know if Trump, et.al, works for America or profit.  Appointing with no qualifications. Hides interests.
If you don't mind, if you were given a chance, how would you handle the divide in the U.S. between liberals and conservatives?
Thank Democrats for forcing a criminal comply. This administration is built on conflict and lies. Just like Bush JR

Yes! He and family must sell all business interests before inauguration.
we Need you to protect Americans from unprecedented corruption!

Trump's ties to Russia need to be thoroughly investigated and made public.
Why don't U all do something TRULY constructive? Ppl like U R reason this country is weakening & in financial trouble!
Thank You
Thank you. Your voice is my voice in Washington. Grateful for your service.
I would like to add my THANK YOU! Don't give up--fight for us, for America.
Keep on fighting!  God bless you!
more transparency, try any!!!!
keep up the good work Senator's
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Warren and Congresswoman Clark.
Is that like a ceptic tank tax credit?
Yes!
@realDonaldTrump please do everything in ur power to stop this SOB! he doesn't belong in the WH
Great Work! Keep Agent Orange in line! No special privileges. Divest or get out of the White House, Agent Orange!
thank you for all that you do for the American people!
With his DC hotel Trump has already committed an impeachable offense!
Go get 'em!
Yes please never stop and help America
@JamesJordy @RepKClark So will anyone act on it when Trump takes the oath & is immediately in violation of the Constitution?
Thank you for watching out for America's law & people, please know I am one American who cares how DC affects my life!
PLEASE hold Trump to US standards. He & family must DIVEST. PLEASE no hearings wo vetting/clearance. US first.
you go girl!!!!!
Senator,  the son in law is DRAMA too!!    Why Jared Kushner’s conflicts of interest matter.
I do not think Donald Trump should be president, but careful what you wish for because Pence is in line
bless you for this,he needs to go and now he is going to kill us,all
.@SenWarren @RepKClark thank you
thank you for all your work.

hmm you think anyone cares? Reminder we have the house and senate
Good luck @SenWarren
@carolh747 @RepKClark Sadly a little too late for the Clintons, Obama and all who came before.
Thank you for keeping up the fight! This man's disrespect for the office of the presidency is beyond the pale!
thank you for your efforts, decency and desire to do what's right for all of USA.
@KEGSY_KEG @RepKClark this is spiraling out of control.i have never had less faith in a gov of the ppl for the ppl by the ppl
@RepAnnaEshoo @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein are you supporting @SenWarren 's bill? #ethicsmatter #Accountability
@respectinc @RepKClark Thank you, senator Warren!
Every legal strat should be engaged.
Looks like we weren't the only ones thinking about the Emoluments Clause, @Jennife02475506
Exactly! We have great ideas n aren't afraid to act on them. 
.@SenWarren @RepKClark What can we do to help?
thank you Sen Warren and Rep Clark. We are sooooooo fortunate to have you working with and for us. Thank you!
Brava!!! 
Yes!
THANK YOU!
= Why are you going to the swearing, swearing, swearing????  Stay home, do good works, no not go!
@brandi_e_hudson @RepKClark yes! Please check that damn cheeto!
@RepKClarkThank you!It's boggling my mind, more aren't upset by T's raised middle finger directed at them&country's core beliefs.
Good and thank you.
Trump also in violation of the GSA contract on D.C. hotel he leases from the federal gov't
Thank you both. I hope other senators will stand up with you and FIGHT BACK!
Going no where!  Like ur corrier
Hallelujah!!!
As a resident of MA, please focus on solving our problems.  ACA & tax code are disasters.  There is real work to do.
Finally! Dems stepping up! A little late! Get press on DT EMOLUMENTS CL violations &GOP Veto! MUST be ready to IMPEACH!
We must take all measures to stop any plutocracy, aristocracy, oligarchy and other anathema forms of rule.
Thank you for this!

he is a blind dump of guilt
Thank you both for standing up for our constitution!
love it! Please pass this after constit amendments for balanced budget, lobbyist bans, and term limits! Get to work
Has anyone ever seen/heard a smart/intelligent comment/statement from  #realDonaldTrump? Please share it, I long for the 1st one.
THANK YOU!
Great, now if only your colleagues have the wisdom and the courage to see that he is a danger to your democracy.
#ImpeachTrump #lockhimup
Thank you
thank you! Please keep making life hell for @realDonaldTrump
thank you for resisting and making @realDonaldTrump accountable.
@RepChrisSmith I support upholding our Constitution. Our founders loathed foreign influence and forbade it, incl Pres.
How about bills to REQUIRE ethics vetting BEFORE Cabinet hearings & full financial disclosure for national candidates?
I know the self righteous republicans are on board. The Christian/moral  leaders.  IJS
#EmolumentsClause #TheResistance #TREASON

@realDonaldTrump guilty on inauguration day 1.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58409e01e4b017f37fe3c0ca/amp&ved=0ahUKEwiby-_O6bXRAhUI5GMKHTVbAUMQFggiMAI&usg=AFQjCNGJtM8eCkOSrCqx7ed_dKu-HXf8bg&sig2=GpbcsnggkKiMw1ld16YQqw …
THANK YOU
Contacted my Congressman and Senator urging their support on my behalf!
Problem: no Republican sponsors on an important bill.
democrats will become the obstructionist ther truly are funny how Trump has a way of getting people to show true self
#liberalprivilege
"implementing the Emoluments Clause" should be a no-brainer....Oh, I forgot who owns Congress
not dead reacting to regain strength.  Been  a long battle against anger and apathy
stand up fight for the  people. No one is above the law.
good luck
.Bravo! We need patriots like you !
Thank you! This is the first step toward impeachment. We all need to keep in mind that Rump is impeachable on Day 1.
Thank you for doing your job & standing up for our country & democracy!
Thank you both! Keep up the good work.
Thank you for all your efforts. Someone needs to hold them to account. @lstone70XU
shouldn't our lawmakers be held to the same standard. Pass law that says that the same thing for any elected official
Thank you, Democrats!  I am with you all the way.
thank you! Since when is upholding the Constitution "showboating"?
Keep it up Sen Warren and Rep Clark! You're doing good work! thank you.
Ms Warren you got to keep fighting against that fool about to be POTUS
DO NOT STOP UNTIL @realDonaldTrump IS GONE! #TheResistance #NotMyPresident #ImTheAvalanche
Thank you!
THANK YOU! I feel like the US is on a runaway train and the brakemen are in the observation car.  #TheResistance
Thank you!!!
Shouldn't Congress have thought of bills/measures prior? There've been plenty of prior Republican cheats as a basis
Finally someone is taking real action! We're behind you!
thank you. IF he must be inaugurated then he MUST be removed asap
@onegirlcircus @RepKClark DontheCon must be fully investigated before he takes the Oath. #PutinsPuppet
Thank you both!!
All you have here is partisan politics 101.  That is all your doing.  Your doing nothing to help the American people. Get over it HRC lost
not about HRC. it's the country and democracy at stake
Wrong again Obama, the socialist Sanders goofy Elizabeth and HRC  those idiots are destroying the country.   Thank god there in the minority
Thank you
thank you Sen Warren
traitor and phony dem/lib, shut up

.@SenWarren @RepKClark Good Luck with that POLITICALLY MOTIVATED legislation.. HYPOCRISY of the LIBERAL CLASS
Thank you!! Americans deserve a President that is looking out for them, not his own interest.
I hope that y'all NEVER cave to this man and his shell game.
Thank you both for introducing this very important bill!  We need to make this s central point of legislation.
Thank you! You give me hope patriots still exist in the Congress.
Why not include yourself in the Emoluments clause &  why did you not think  it when you thought Hillary would win?
. @SenWarren .@RepKClark Enjoying reading your replies.
yah please let us know who opposes this bill thank you
Thank you for taking this seriously! applaud your dedication in following law, even in the face of peotus who doesn't
The election certainly was a present from a foreign State. Balkans & lifted Russian sanctions will be quid pro quo.
That makes no sense unless you think the clause doesn't apply to presidents. But you said it did???
Thank goodness someone is going to stop the corruption/law breaking.
Go get 'em!  This President MUST be beyond reproach!!
drive this home again and again and again. Be relentless in this endeavor. Hold their balls to the wall. Hang Cheeto.
Ivanka Trump, acting First Lady, Jared kuskner, Senior Adviser, No vetting, No disclosure, No divestment ABOVE THE LAW
Thanks! Been waiting for someone to move this important initiative to safeguard our system of government!
#CNN

yes have been waiting to hear of this . Thank you for your due diligence .
The rules are there for a reason. Even Trump has to abide by them--or get out of the way
@funder Now he's going to be impeached! He needs to have charges brought for treason & jailed. Ample evidence.
If GOP Reps don't sign onto this, call your Reps to ask them to explain themselves. & Ask local papers to cover it.
NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN as GOP outplays DEM 100% and we have TRUMP LAWS NOW
Thank you!
#Nice try
Good! Now execute the bill @RepKClark
Are there any principled republicans who will break party lines? When should I start calling my republican senators?
You won't have the votes to get much done, but it doesn't matter. Keep agitating and don't let 'em breathe  
wa wa waaahhh...wa wa wahhhh....Grow up Liz
Well this should be a fun round with @SenWarren @RepKClark.  On the plus side, I have never been interested in politics as I am currently
save us
will it pass? The GOP tried to get rid of ethics oversight. Making sure corruption not present, not priority for GOP
Keep fighting! You have 65 +million people behind you!
Thank you both!  Proud to see our new Illinois @SenDuckworth on this one too.
Thank you!! If this doesn't make it through I'd like to know why
Awesome
,

REMEMBER THIS LIZZIE !!!!

.
Because we will have a Pres that wants REVENGE on its own citizens and calls out individual citizens.
THANK YOU!!
Thank You , little Donald needs to be stopped, NOW!
THANK YOU
Thank you both.  Please never stop fighting.  We need you.
@ShaunKing thoughts on this?
Please keep fighting for what is right. We have to stand up for American Democracy.
Currentlyin committee
H.R. 6340
Thank you.
Thank you Sen. Warren.
health savings accounts sound expensive not good don't let republicans screw us poor folks
Applaud. In the words of Princess Leia, "You're my only hope" Thank you.
he'll never sign it and house will never approve
please don't let republicans cut funding for ACA/Medicade.
now work on nepotism with his son-in-law constant vigilance with the sqeezoid
Financial Times on Trump:
Sen. Warren, I ask you to leave the Dems.  If you or Sen. Sanders run independent, you will have my vote. #DemExit
yes , thank you.  This must pass no one is above accountability.
Sen. Warren, please read:
impeach him if he don't
Thank you! This is crucially important for our democracy.
please God never give up #countryatstake
Thank you for doing your job & making sure our govt isn't compromised by outside influences.
the damage has been done and we got Trump who praises RUSSIA
Please stop the Nepotism & Croinism  going on wth PEOTUS I am Mortified for the safety of R country at his tiny hands!
Great work Senator Warren, thank you
bravo
Thank you, Senator!
You go girl! Get him! #warrendeblasio2020
you don't keep trashing Trump for being on Twitter yet all you dams are tweeting 24 hours a day @realDonaldTrump
