Thank you, Senator Warren!  So proud to have you as our Senator here in Massachusetts.  Your courage is inspiring.
so jealous! In Oklahoma we have Inhoff and Langford! Embarrassing!!
We are spoiled in Massachusetts.
great state, can't afford to live there! :)
Depends where...
it is a great state, but it's still expensive in the middle of nowhere. Not just boston
I understand.  Central and north not bad. Great values.
I love my area, Pioneer Valley/CT river/great arts community. But 90% my income to rent!
Vote no all you want. You, along with your so-called party, has no power.
we might surprise you Mr Bannon
thank you for voting #NOonMulvaney! The disability community can barely survive on SSDI at poverty level now, as it is!
Mad men fall. Women catch the people and lead the future. Ivet Putnam
Elizabeth you are a winner.
give it to them! You are a hero for every young woman in America. And some of us old ones too.
Your only reason for voting no is that they are Repubs.
just keep doing what you are good at wasting American tax dollars by stalling our new government
looks like all your ranting and raving has not paid off. How about you start doing some real work for the American people
GOOD GOING!
hurray.  Success
Elizabeth Warren's biggest corporate scandals of 2015 
http://money.cnn.com/2016/01/29/news/companies/elizabeth-warren-scandals/index.html …
thank you
go trump no fake news
You Did Good!
Stop ALL business until there is an investigation on Trump and Russia!
Senator you are Awesome! Keep the pressure on!
maybe Mitch will be waiting for you 
bless you Sen Warren, you are my hero
please stop  posturing for votes do the correct action for the country go trump
Zackary, appreciate your follow very much! God bless!
More character assassination, and no solutions to our American issues. Really sad!
obstructionists..
Liz Warren is foot draging every nomination of PRESIDENT TRUMP. Don't complain when it's happens to you guy's
good luck! Unfortunately I don't have a lot of confidence in the other Dems!
you're like a broken record  shut UP, jeeeeeZUS
Have a nice Day, it must be fun playing at Democracy, when will we ever get it for real?
they were wrong trying to shut you up..now everyone who was involved with Russia will be exposed
You also need to oppose Pruitt.  Your grandchildren need clean water and fresh air, too.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for us, The People.
Pocahontas, can you explain to the people what CFPB consumer financial protection bureau is and how disgustingly corrupt it is 
lol you will lose. Get used to it
Thank you for standing up.
our goodness..Keep work
be careful speaking against Mulvaney. Apparently only the President gets to speak against Senators.
you vote no for anything @Trump does. #shutupLiz
you do nothing positive for Americans, you need to get out of politics.
gone!!!!!

Part American Indian my ass. You should be ashamed of yourself
Talk Term Limits
Good Job that's how #change happens.
heading to twitter to urge people to vote you out!  Corruption must leave DC
you go girl!!
Seattle loves Elizabeth Warren Congrats on Puzder withdrawal keep up  the fight America is behind you!  Give em bigley hell !
apparently you have not heard: WE WERE PUNKED;  and warren backs the game
thank you
#ElizabethWarrenForPresident!
thank you!
You are too late!
When he does it will have nothing to do with your request, but everything to do with your bullying party.
Warren needs to go home and talk to her mirror.
Love your tenaciousness Elizabeth! (And persistence ;-)
.@SenWarren Thank you for continuing 2 fight the good fights and not bowing down 2 @SenateMajLdr bullying. He must not sleep as well as you!
like rats from a sinking ship, they will all want to escape before the indictments start coming.
get a job
thank you for all your hard work!!! I am so proud to call you my Senator 
PERSIST You are OUR hero!!!~
You go Girl!
maybe you can try to read a letter from Corretta Scott King, Pocahontas?
can we please impeach the whole cabinet for treason?
please support endangered species act. humans are not the only ones worth saving. act stands in way of powerful making more money
you ultimately have to be the most morally bankrupt individual in politics...2nd only to Pelosi! Please, sit and shutup..please!
You would vote NO on Jesus Christ if he was nominated you are just a bitter angry woman and you need to go
term limits...
Thank you for persisting!
must not realize that her party has lost 1000 seats across America. It can't have to do with their agenda. Hers will be next.
.

you are an obstructionist with no thought for the American people or our duly elected president; it's your leftist agenda only
mission accomplished on #puzder...thank you for ALL your hard work during all these hearings from a fellow #bknerd #shepersisted
I hope you think you are making a difference. You aren't. Dems don't have message for working Americans and 8 years to overcome
http://amazon.com/dp/1520573804/ 
How about you check in to Mental Rehab- High cheekbone does not make you P########......
Y r u so worked up over all this? If u don't like them, just vote against them.
Thank you Senator!
Great work
Thank you for your hard work protecting all US workers - you are a true patriot!! #warren4POTUS2020
Flynn is just the tip of this iceberg! We need to fight for his taxes and dig deeper into this treason. #trumpforprison
lol, it's all for show, dems will protest, he'll get the nom and then you all somehow get re-elected. You/all r fucking corrupt
You're on a mission.
Thank you for putting this on here.I would like to see more like this.
Thanks, but no... I'll pass on watching you.
It is true that u were once a Republican?
well done. Thank you!
yes and please get rid of scott Pruitt too!   Ugh!  could there be a worse choice?
Impeach Trump!
give up,  unless you change you will never be president.  The silent majority has awoken and is here to stay
Partisan politics in full force.  You have no credibility with moderates
you guys will never win over any votes by putting the country at risk by not filling the cabinet
You gotta love strong woman!
Thx for standing up for us! Resist
why don't you go away you're nothing but a waste of time and money term limits now please we need seniors this will work
Nevertheless she persisted. My hero. #WeStandIndivisible
Lizzy Who are these colleagues of yours? Moe Larry And Curly? Get a grip and get off the Caffeine NOWYou wont run in 2020 any Way
Liar! You have a credibility issue. Won't vote for you again!
looks like it worked.
Please run in 2020 - will be an easy beat.  You're even farther out of the mainstream than Hitlery.
Very well done.  Thank you for representing all of us.
looks like it worked! Thank you!!
glad you're calling on him to do what he already announced he was doing because he didn't want to put up with you BS


Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for what's right and for fighting for the American people.
you did it! So proud of you!!
Aren't you just a peach Pocahontas-----glad to see your trying to bridge the divide---oh wait you don't know what that means-----
You go Senator Warren - keep up the good fight.
Follow our account for daily left updates!!
great work - you are a true american hero.  thank you!!
carry the fight for us Senator!!
you go girl!!!!
go get em girl
go!go!go!
thanks, Senator! Good work to you and your colleagues for this small victory. Keep fighting!
Thank GOD for Romney, otherwise Massachusetians will become the laughing stocks of all the nations
Thank you!  You really scared him!  Awesome job!!!
#russiagate #Flynnghazi #TrumpImpeachmentParty #takebackwhitehouse
quit tweeting and get to work
Massachusetians must be the dumbest people in US, voting for BITTERLY POCAHONTAS as their senator. LOL
Awesome job! Thank you from Florida!!! #resist
fake Indian spreading fake news. Good job.
more obstructing the business of governing I see. Take your 15 mil and move to Siria. Housing is cheap.
Great job @SenWarren #AndrewPuzder withdraws From Consideration as Labor Secretary
Thank you Senator for all your hard work.
Thank you for standing up for MA workers!
thanks for all you do. We have few we can count on. Keep it up please.
Mulvaney's involvement in the now defunct Edenmoor real estate
Thank you for your leadership Puzder = withdrawn 
Great job getting the wrong guy out of the job.  He was as unfit as the other nominees, but he got busted.
thank you!!! He's gone!!!
you did it!!!!
we support you!
Thank you
GREAT JOB!!!!  You are so awesome!
You DID it! We'll keep the heat on 'em. Waiting for Devos to "show her stupid, bigly". Bigger  to fry, presently, tho! Kudos!!
Great job Senator Warren
Is it true there is a Russian ship off the east coast?
well done #elizabethwarren #ShePersisted
