If you can't see the impact on your loved ones now, you will when it is too late.
Grandma is on Medicaid. Quit your scare tactics and lies.
What happen to grandma now.. I ask that question the other day when my mother had to visit the  ER.. The elder should have the best care.
Stop lying Liz! We see right through your BS!
The only error here is using a woman as an example. We all know the Rs do not give a damn about women—elderly or not
I am 69-year-old retiredwith MS.  Spouse has Parkinson's.  If our  Social Security is cut, we will be homeless, starve.  Rich picking bones.
The rich do not need tax cuts. They need no financial help.They are Rich!
What about me ! My health care went up 19.8% last year. And 15% the year before.  I had no choice.  What about next year. Answer ?
Tell your Republican congressmen to quit sticking sticks in the spokes.  Not requiring insurance companies to participate is one reason. Not
Requiring states to implement Medicaid is another.  Not requiring a basic standard of access by Ins companies with ability to regulate with
Real consequences is a third.  Not allowing public option is a 4th.  You want to kick somebody in the butt, kick them.
You want to kick Republicans for the mess that the Democrats created in the first place with their FAILED Obamacare?
Stop with the scare tactics I hate to tell you Americans just in case you did not know people are dying as we tweet under Obamacare hmm ok
Politics what a joke
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for our people, the American people.
It's only propaganda if it is untrue. She is spot on with regards to Medicaid.
Ur ignorance is alarming. I m RN-20+years-4+ years in insurance. Sen Warren is correct.
And because of the pay and benefit cuts, and illegal foreclosures of recent years MORE people need this every day! Where should they turn?!
I don't care who's in the White House at the time. Point is don't take more from people who don't have anything. Trump has done nothing yet
Maybe just maybe Granny will live longer and not have to continue working two jobs to help her Son & Wife living in basem as can't afford
In #MI, a senior receiving $1100/mn is not eligible for #Medicaid.  $1100/mn is too much income.  The co-pay per month? Over $700 per month.
Just wait until it happens to someone you love or even yourself.
The grandmother in my family had her medical insurance ripped away from her due to Obamacare Could not keep doctor and insurance. Obama lied
i left out the word affordable because heath ins really isn't affordable any more is it? "obamacare" is truly a steaming pile of poo
You are speaking directly to my Mom, a democrat all her life and this year she voted for snake oil. she was one who believed the lies. 
What happens to 50 and older all 109million is a better question, let alone the poor, women and in some states children.
MA, you could be proud of your senator. Straight to the point. Without exaggerations. Just a strong woman!
I'll let you know when it passes. Husbands mom in nursing home..
I voted dem across the page, I've got no blame! Would love 2 see faces of ppl who voted R when they get what's coming. #WorldOfHurt
But many who voted R are still touting his praises.  I'm so confused.  And people are defending this proposed bill?  Don't get it!!  Ugh!
Wait till they feel the burns...
ppl who still spprt him r, beer drinking, racist, gun toting , non educated, etc the rich (fit them in a few categories here)want favors
Let's not be bringing beer into this.

Why didn't the Dems pass single payer when they controlled the government?
Because they recognized the need to work with House Reps and enact a bipartisan bill, one that included amendments from both sides.
But they didn't need Republican votes to pass the bill and no GOP voted for ACA.  Dems doing the bidding of Big Pharma and insurance firms?
They absolutely needed the votes because Dems didn't control the House for long under Obama. Plus, you can't push a bill like that through -
Congress without the other party's input, and especially the American people's. The GOP would only vote for it if it had their amendments.
From Wyoming, please save Medicaid. My senators wont.
We BEG you PLEASE keep up your HATE SPEECH and disgusting rhetoric!! YOU are PERSONALLY handing 18 & 20 to us! YOU have NO party..it's DEAD!
You mean 5-8 years from now when cuts might actually happen?  Dem strategy = Create mass panic and hate while playing loosely with facts
For all those nurses who voted for @realDonaldTrump: when Trumpcare passes, you will be out of a job! When Medicaid/Medicare is cut.../1
I don't know about grandma but I am a PeePaw and Dem backed ObamaCare screwed me ROYALLY. So, Pocohontas, I hope the same happens to you!
please be quiet.
@Lucybelle4 Thank you Send Warren! I'm just like the grandma you depicted. I am disabled, on Medicare/Medicaid. Retired nurse.
My dad had cancer. He has insurance. He would have lost his little home if not for medicare and medicaid. #resist the republicans. #ahca
Little dramatic don't you think-
There will B consequences we can't even imagine. Hospitals, clinics Dr. offices closing. Nurses, docs & thsnds jobless. Millions more dead.
Omg! Here we go pushing granny over the cliff again! 
Floating out to sea on an iceberg
The whole thing needs to be referred to as the Republican Insurance Plan (RIP)
Liz, Get Over It: You're a Woman, who thinks she's an Indian Princess Democrat operating in the wold of Republicans
Absolutely correct Sen Warren. Thank you for your persistence, you have a good heart. I wish more politicians would "Fight like a girl"
They don't care their parents are taken care of  so it really don't matter to the Republicans and that's just dam sad 
We cannot afford for this bill to pass. This is the antithesis of healthcare. It flies in the face of what it means to be American...
In 25 years I can't wait to see your Bio in history book "Anarchist"
Medicare would cover grandma. Draft up a counteroffer. Again too much talking and no actions.
You are cruel, and a LIAR. God bless the righteous #StandUnitedunderGod
which THE ALMIGHTY by his grace@mercy bailed us out wealthy rich people n the unemployment line,suicides,murdering their families@
the chump walked out pouting angry at the POPEbecause he was told the truth he@the gang r from the pits of hell, MINIONS
" Stronger Together ! "........Yes, of course.! 
If changes aren't made, health care collapses. WHAT'S YOUR PLAN
The same thing that's happening now. Approx. 18 million, including some grandmas, not covered. CEO's won't allow single payer?
You're a pathological liar! Pick out your nursing home!
The scenarios the #Democrats are presenting are worst case that reflect the ppl that won't lose anything Medicaid funds will continue 2 grow
Why were you not this concerned with Obama care?
Senator Warren, what will happen to all our children and adults with special needs?
... maybe instead of this inane arguing about how best to pay for care, we can look for free market solutions to lower the freaking cost.
But that wouldn't result in the government controlling everything. My bad.
Public officials and their families should be under the care of this new bill. I want to see how much they love it
Again no one NOT one party is thinking about the country because it they were they would fix this not start all over
Let's see there is money to help banks and not get paid back but Medicaid which every American that pays taxes for can't be saved.
This is clearly a Republican State of mind about giving it to the states. If you give a chunk of money and it runs out and you have more sic
Than what was given to them now they run in jeportybof choosing whose live they get to save.
Hey Liz, Remember the TV show F Troop. They had Hekawi Indians. Is that your tribe?
Pocahontas
A Dem hypocrite  (millionaire) spouting hypotheticals because there are no real cases to speak of. A Prime example of the Lunatic Fringe.
No real cases. Medicare does not pay for LTC so Medicaid covers it-that is a fact.
Yep, that is what I said. Dems throw hypotheticals like fairy dust. Death n destruction. The sky is falling. U give no cases either.
I m registered republican and U r an embarrassment. I m also RN of 20+ years with 4years working in insurance. Read federal legislation
Thank you. And no amount of credentials make you completely right or better than me. And, more than Republican, I am American.
God bless u and ur family.
 propaganda whore!
...these lying liberals have NO message so all  they do is lie and try to stir up their small constituent base!!
what exactly is ANYONE lying about?
Elizabeth Warren and her "grandma"  crap!!   Read it!
she's offering a hypothetical scenario that is not only possible but probable with this bill. How is
No, she's doing what she always does, verbally obstruct everything POTUS DOES! And she is nothing but a loud mouth trouble maker!
...You don't know it's "probable"... read & study it first!  Go carry your "liberal water bucket" somewhere else..no time for your whatever!
Thinking of the AD the GOP's Ran on Obama Care. Grandma Not A Cliff But Out of a Plane at 33,000 FEET. This is Really GENOCIDE in the USA
Planned Parenthood is GENOCIDE
My mom is mobile, but has leukemia & relies on monthly immunoglobulin injections that are incredibly expensive. NO to #Trumpcare
 I'm afraid this will be a very common story! Wealthy getting where they r on the backs of the little people! Then taking more. Sickening!
What happens to all women? This is not a female friendly healthcare plan. Actually it's not really a healthcare plan.
Nothing healthy or caring about this bill
I like to call it the "Kill America's Poor" Act
Kill the Poor and the Seniors
And the disabled, don't forget all the disabled people who will die because of this shit
Absolutely, I was trying 2make it most like Trump's "Make America..." but acts can be amended. The "Kill America's Poor and Disabled" Act
My world is a democracy. If someone expresses a concern with merit, gotta change it!
she will be next to you in the nursing home you lunatic step down and seek mental help
Maybe the " Greatest Generstion" can live with all the Rebulican fat cats
This is exactly it.Thank you Sen Warren. #AHCA No thank you ACHA you god damn @GOP dogs.
Obama care. Hateful cruel mean. Unaffordable care act. You knew and you didn't care. Shame shame shame you haters of the poor and old
The sound on this isn't working right on my laptop, luckily it has captions on it. Thanks for explaining this bill.
Grandma dies. Republicans save a couple bucks. So, why do people vote for republicans? There must be more to it than stupidity
Maybe your family can utilize a medicine man on the reservation ??
IT CAN'T BE WORSE THAN WHAT YOUR PARTY RAILROADED THROUGH SOME YEARS AGO. THOUSANDS OF PAGES, NO ONE HAD TIME TO EVEN READ IT.
If the politicians had to use this insurance then it would be done right. Just like everything else they don't have to and we get screwed
The dems conveniently left themselves out of the ACA...
Ice floe? Tasteless joking aside, when the GOP is done with the environment there won't be any of those left either.
She prays to God. God says you put those idiots in power. She dies of a pre-existing condition.
We need desalination plants along the coast lines . We could save our acquifers by selling clean bottled water.
Right now she's paying out of pocket, but when she runs out of money, I'm afraid she will end up somewhere awful.
Probably better than under the ACA. 
We all know how Democrats lie.
Wanna know what's ALREADY happening to my son's grandma? Financially being bled out by FAILED ACA policies. Their 1 choice is pulling out!
The GOP is no longer the party of Lincoln. They could care less about grandma or anyone else that is not a multi millionaire +.
I agree with you 100 % you know what your talking about now the republicans that voted for Trump are feeling sorry in 2018 GO DEMOCRATS
Wow. That money can sit there in their bank and piled up and while that happens dead body will too. When life is more important than money.
This is not HRC....She does not know how to spell let alone twitter
She'll be just fine. The Democrats nearly killed her robbing Medicare to pay for Obamacare which has destroyed health care in America.
Assisted suicide should be part of the AHCA for reasons Sen. Warren stated. Let grandma choose to die if no other choice is left for her.
What would happen if ya'll made some changes to FDA and big pharma? Less campaign $$? American food company & legacy medicine is killing ppl
Nothing happens to grandma you lying $!@&
Are you referring to yourself as Grandma?
#RepublicanDeathPanels
Let the American people have the same insurance that you have than there will be no bill to pass enough is enough
Depends if there republican or Democrats,  republican will die Democrats we will stick together and comit to change so she can live
Rem GOP saying public option was "pulling the plug on grandma"?Pathetic watching Dems use same tactics whn they pulled plug on public option
I think the greed of Trump has spilled over into the GOP. A party they thought he could not be loyal to and asked him in the debates. NO!
It's all such a collosal mess I know. Where do we even begin to try to repair the damage down 
Idiot
You are such a liar!!!!!
All grandma's&grandpa's it time to rid our gov. Of burden of u care that goes for all the old farts on Capitol Hill u old bastards move over
grandma becomes a Senator in Massachusetts, like you.
you're a liar and a fraud!
If our elected rep's were legally obligated to enroll in whatever healthcare Insurance bill they passed, we would see a different bill.
I don't see how this can be any worse than Obamacare.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS  @SenTomCotton @VP #gop Crooks @Lawrence @ananavarro @MariaTCardona @KamalaHarris @donlemon @maddow @MSNBC
How do these changes affect your healthcare?
Fear. Fear will keep the masses in line.
Blood Money??? Have you watched the Planned Parenthood videos selling baby body parts..talk about blood money
You know the people who made those videos are facing prison time?
Fortunately 14 of the 15 charges were found to be bogus, as we all knew they were..purely a political prosecution
Hope Grandma not in IL, who takes Medicaid tax $$ but does not send to nursing homes until 4 months later like check kiting, but IL broke
Thank you so much for your efforts to stop this disaster of a healthcare Bill that will destroy millions of lives in America.
Senator please read my tweets
It wouldn't be pretty!!
Quit being so dramatic!
Fauxcahontas spreading more lies
Thanks for always fighting for human right and for us all. May the Lord be your strength.
Repugs...I'm pretty sure I will be that woman some day. Every mom too. Don't forget who raised you. Don't abandon us. We gave it all 4 you.
Why are Republicans so out of touch??? How can they be soooo Obtuse? It's like cheating at a game of golf or monopoly and being proud of it.
And trying to talk economics and common sense to a Democrat is tantamount to talking to a brick wall.
Did u care what happened to me when I lost my coverage under aca....I do not think so.....
Look towards Medicaid reform, patient fraud, hospital payments over inflated.  Medicaid now has better coverage than private insurance.
Thankyou Senator Warren. I agree it's not a good idea at all.
They die and tax cuts go to people who don't even work to earn the income. It's tax cuts on investment income rather than actual salaries
Basically we're giving a tax cut to people who don't even earn this money it's just money Movers. People earning a hundred million or more
my mother's been suffering for years because of Obamacare. What healthcare do you have. Your a deathocrat which equals Democrat.
I think you and Bernie need to go to some island and pout over the billionaires with umbrella drinks and count all of your money. Both liars
i'm an occupational therapist n no exactly what you're talking about. I work home health n u r so right.pls run for president!
My grandma won't be affected negatively. People need to be more responsible for their health & not just expect a hand out
You'll push her off a cliff and blame someone else?
Um... You take Hillary's team and take a run with Debbie Wasserman Shultz on the team don't investigate corruption within DNC, lose again
Pigs.
Dickless Don and the 1% Solution!  #немойпрезидент #notmypresident #putincokholster #itmfa
#danarohrabachermustgo
#darrellissamustgo
#maga
she doesn't collect a pension from 6' under. So republicans can give more money to the wealthy
Give it a rest Liz. It isn't that different than Obamacare. Quit trying to scare people w your false narrative. A few may still believe you
She gets better healthcare! Better then looking healthcare because there are no provider's!
Obamacare already left my grandma behind. She can't afford her diabetes medication. #ThanksObama
@amandapalmer The new retirement plan in the USA is euthanasia for low income seniors
Pocahontas telling fiction stories again....apparently trying to set the next Left wing lunatic/ James Hodgkinson (D) off.  #Runs-With-Lies
She continues to vote Republican like all the other people who have something to lose.
#WeThePeople KNOW rescinding @BarackObama HC taxes ARE NOT CUTS and people are bleeding and dying from Obamacare today. @DNC so sick!!!
We need an educated person in the White House-not a narcissistic evil billionaire TV show personality who hates women unless they're Barbie
We just had eight years of hell at the hands of your "educated" president.
@SenWarren you are awesome! Thank you for always standing up for the people! El Pueblo unido hamas sera vencito!
Those "so called religious Trump supporters" think it's okay to let people die because of Trumpcare?? I call them all "bullshit artists". 
I hope not
Who are THE RICH we so hate and accuse of hoarding..some form of other?
Grandma is a gonner, pure and simple--but if you are a Republican, no big deal as it is one less person to care for--sad!
I have more Indian blood than ur fake amount. Even have a Fed Govt Indian card to prove, yet I never mention it to anyone #Fauxcahontas
LOL yes but had she NOT mentioned it (on her application) she wouldn't have gotten that cushy job teaching ONE CLASS/yr for $350,000!!!
Well you don't give a damn to start with. Just playing politics you treasonous old batshit.
Elizabeth warren should be fired. Incompetent people in government get to keep jobs no matter their actual performance. Pitty party
You know health care is not a right.
The same thing that would have happened when OBAMACARE passed. P.S. Why won't you go on Levin's Show?
Republican plan for grandma:
My 88 year old mother lives with us,  but because of Medicare she IS independent & has quality of care & life. Cutting Medicare = disaster.
What happens to Grand Ma ?? U mean Nancy Pelosi ? She has great insurance unlike us !!!
Most of elderly are female; it's no accident tRumpcare is healthcare sexism on steroids. 
#SinglePayer
Are you asking what happens to you? You keep YOUR Cadillac healthcare while the rest of us deal with O'CrappyCare.
You got this story from an obamacare sufferer! You are such a liar!
Congress and their staffs choose from among 57 gold plan The "Taxpayer" pays about three-quarters of the cost of the premium
You never gave a fig about me, a working class who suddenly couldn't afford my ins! Deductibles thru roof! You only care about u and $$!
How's about you flip the bill.  I can barley afford to take care of my own. I mean YOU PAY FOR IT. NOT US.
We now have the rich and the poor, no in between. Work hard play by the rules so you can get shafted by the rich,  again
Elizabeth Warren for president!
LMAO, are you a Socialist too?

If you don't think she is...
Your screeching and annoying voice will continue to make you lose elections for the dems... please keep crying 
theze numnuts spend tax payers dollars, for the last 7months reversing PRESIDENT OBAMAS achievements
Can you say "death panel"?
Thank you Sen. Warren! We all have parents and grandparents and we all hope to be old someday. The US can and should take care of our own.
What happened 7 years ago? Was there a grandma death epidemic?
If Repubs pass the HC bill and they go home they will catch hell.If they go home and don't pass the bill they will catch hell. They did it
This would have been my nana. Instead she lived to 101 
Like you really care about Grandma. You're just playing on ppls emotions
What the hell ever I tryed to get meals on wheels for my mom for five years when she passed in march. two weeks later they send out a worker
Every word of this is true.  I have seen it.
Anything is better then the stupid Obamacare which was and is nothing but a ton of lies.
Even with today's system she would have to sell her home to pay for a nursing home. She must have zero assets to qualify for gov. Assist.
