Cap. One did that to me once, interest accrued for several months before I found out. I demanded a letter of termination, actually got it.
I closed my account, I wasn't getting statements. Can you not read?
Alternative facts?
@SenWarren @CFPB 
Good for you. Right back
@SenWarren @CFPB uh...that's how adults take care of it. So?
You didn't read the column.
seriously I think if more people realized they could use this, the CFPB wouldn’t be a political football
If Wall Street didn't suffuse the political process with billions of dollars then what @vgmac writes might be true. I hope it would be.
it's a widely-hated, super-controversial agency that limits our freedom. just keep repeating that a thousand times and it becomes true.
This us why CFPB must exist! @CFPB
Happened to me too with BofA
Too bad Trumps getting rid of CFPB....
And I do mean it's to bad. Such an important agency
Trump will kill CFPB! #VoteGOPOut
Wow! I'm so glad I pay the salaries of the bureaucrats at the CFPB so they could fix this for you! #libtard
The @CFPB is a joke they try to justify there jobs with outrageous fines which puts small lender out of business
Similar thing happened to me with Chase system issue took double mortgage payment then bounced the CC payment charged me fees and interest
Read the article. Oops, sorry. Wrong thread.
I didn't realize that they could charge me anything after I paid my last bill. I got my interest charges...I am closing account today!
I got a bill from a card I never activated...HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE???
We all need a full-time assistant to deal with the various crap from banks, card companies, medical providers, etc. etc.
Preach. Include cable companies, insurance companies, most subscription svcs, utility companies . .. I've said this myself so many times!
The moral & ethical compass of GOP politicians and industry is so far down the Flint, MI toilet... @politico @ChrisMurphyCT @maddow @AARP
which company
You didn't read the contract.
.@BankofAmerica reopened my closed account, then charged me fees for insufficient funds. Real shady.
Well, unfortunately, don't get used to that.
Nicely done!
You are a martyr and a Saint. The hungry will be fed, the homeless will be housed, and the needy will need no more because of what you did.
Don't they know who you are?
BP Amoco did that to me. Boycotted them for 5 years. I definitely won.
If only we had political will to prevent white collar crime. If a black man shoplifted the same "fee", they'd risk jail or public execution.
You need to put the credit card company name out there
@SenWarren @CFPB  which credit card co
Surprise! Wells Fargo did the fee and overdraft gambit after I closed the account. #WellsFargoSux
It worked for now. Wait until @realDonaldTrump #DefundAdminState. I'm sure he finds @CFPB a nuisance since he's a #charlatan and #plutocrat.
You didn't read the policy.
Isn't this a bureau #Trump wants to shut down? Or, is it a state bureau?
Created by Obama, repubs have been trying to gut/kill it ever since
Yay! IDGAF
Congrats.  I had the same thing happen.  I called the credit card company and convinced them to forget the charge.  The nice lady did it.
great job! they will get away with what we let them.
Which company?
“@jonathanweisman:Wow, credit card co. tried to screw me/ charging an annual fee AFTER I canceled card. filed complaint w/ @CFPB. It worked”
How long will the @CFPB be around to help the rest of us?
You didn't read the contract [article]
omg, I was thought the same thing the minute I read his tweet! #douchecanoe
And yet if not for Obama @SenWarren wouldn't have been able to set CFPB up. The same Pres. Obama she's trying to distance herself from.
As DJT is trying to promote Small Businesses but getting ride of dodfrank is counterproductive
Finance industry hates @CFPB How are they supposed to screw consumers? #capitalismkills
You didn't read the fine print.
Which company??!!
Huh?
I pushed for lower interest rate and got it. It takes persistence when dealing with credit cards companies..
Congrats.Another option would be to take complaint to supervisor and if need be management team and get it reversed w/o gov help
Which credit card co.? Let's do some shaming of ths co.
Verizon tried to continue to charge me for 6 months after I cancelled them for overcharging me.  I had to dispute,  call 100 times and cry!
You know what would be swell? If we could file class action to do this ourselves instead of having to rely on govt. But forced arbitration..
has been shoved down our throats... we're forced to forfeit our access to the legal system, sort offfff a tent pole of American society.
@chrislhayes @CFPB sorry but Trump closed that department. Republicans decided companies dont make mistakes
Bravo!!
Well, let's get rid of that bureau. It helps too many people and takes money from big banks/financial institutions.
"Why do they hate us?"
Gosh you're brave.
You didn't read the fine print?
You didn't read the article
