THANK YOU I CRIED...IT MEANS SOO MUCH TO ME AS A DISABLED PERSON
I'm disabled as well and am tweeting through tears.
In this moment, I don't think I have a choice. I can actually take my correct dose of insulin tomorrow and not feel like I have to hoard it.
Congrats this is a huge victory for you. 
Thank you, I'm relieved. We still have a lot of work to do. The ACA needs some adjustments, the whole market needs some work. We can do it!
Fingers crossed it's over for more than a day.
Why?  Did you resign ?
thanks!

how about #SinglePayerNow which is cheaper and covers more ppl

for profit healthcare dn work
You want people like me to pay for all of your programs. Do you know at working a full-time job taxes take 100 dollars of my wage per week
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Warren!
Yay.
At least for TODAY.
Oh wait, we're into ANOTHER day, so...maybe the nightmare just starts again?
Good God give me strength.
It will be when someone defeats you.
Thank you, Senator!! You are a heroine.
Thank  you Senator.
Thank you, Senator Warren, for your doggedness and relentlessness in this fight.
Thank you @SenWarren!
Thank you!!!! You are a fearless and strong advocate for the American people! 
Thank you!
Thank you for everything
No the nightmare will be over when you are ousted from Congress.
bwahahahaha
you ARE the nightmare!
let
let's hope unlike other horror movies that there are no sequels.
I'll send you the 1800.00 premium bill.
Love you much Sen Warren...keep fighting
the nightmare is over, does that mean you are retiring?!!! yipee! now on to making the American Dream a reality for ALL Americans! no more u
thank you.
Exactly and thank you for your work
Prayers continue, thank you for all you do!
You crazy democrats are the nightmare!
Ok Squanto
Just get us the option to select Medicare. Ok to have other private options as well. Let each of us choose which is best for us!
Cheers!
No, not so much. You're still here.
Till the President tweets in the morning 
You are amazing!
Great job, Senator!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
We want bipartisanships and improvement. Do your job. You and your dem colleagues have the high ground now.
Remember, you still own the failure that is the ACA. Nightmare not over until the ACA is gone forever.
Thank you
Thank you. May the lord bless you
Thank you for fighting the good fight.
You guys need to work together to pass a great health care bill acting like little babies you all go on way too many vacations
I haven't been on a vacation in 15 years or more you all need to stay there and get a bill passed
Many congrats and best of luck brining universal publicly-financed #UHC to the US in 2020 - we're all behind you!
How nice it must be live in rainbow land where everything is free.
What part about PUBLICLY FINANCED did you miss? That doesn't equal "free." We would pay for it with our taxes. Worth it for #UHC
thank you
Yeah, for now. This bill has more lives than a psychopath in a horror movie.
Thank you Senator!
You are fibbing again. I know different and so do you. Politics doesn't cure sick people. Health care does.
No our nightmare isn't over. We still have to deal with Obamacare
as long as that tool is our President, the nightmare is still here.
Your country thanks you.
Thank you!!
By the way, Donald Trump is your President.
The nightmare ONLY ends when @realDonaldTrump is no longer @POTUS


Please work on #FixACA  Reverse the damage done by Republican sabotage. #Obamacare Premiums are sky rocketing.
Are you resigning?
You are your own nightmare!!!
No Pocahontas 7yr nightmare for his family 5 no ins in SC up 30% 1 carrier you just keep obstructing #VoteYouOut
Dear Senator, I disagree. DJT is still President, the nightmare is far from over.
Not! As long as we have this administration, the nightmare lives on, except we're awake and it's real.
Thank you
No. You still have no leader, have not dealt with cooruption on your own party, and blamed Russians for Democratic ineptitude. So...
Tell that to the people who's premiums went up 80, 90, 100, 116%. Their nightmare continues while you gloat.
Thank you for all you do for us!!! I wish you were my sen.
Medicare for all???
Thank you Senator Warren. You are a role model for our children. #persistandprevail
Thank you for your diligence and persistence.
Thank you for fighting. If the repeal had passed tonight, it would have been a death sentence for me.
Except that millions of middle class families are going broke thanks to this legislation. But you know, facts.
Thank you, @SenWarren.
Charlie Gard just died. He is proof positive that you have no business in our healthcare.
Really, you’re resigning? That would be the end of a nightmare.
We live to fight another day.
Until @realDonaldTrump starts his twitter storm
Senator Warren...thank you!!
We thank you and love you for fighting for us!
Trumps out of office?   Oh you mean the health care debates.  Nightmare is still on!
The five follower troll preaches, ok. Now back under the rock
Nooooooooo replyyyyyy ?
Thank you so much

Thanks for all your work, Senator.
Thank you Senator!
The nightmare is North Korea.
I thought you would use a dream catcher for nightmares. #Pocahontas #fakeindian
Thank you for your hard work!
Thank you Senator!
Now, I beg you, find a way to have that old-fashioned approach. Negotiation, experts, discussions. Bribe each other with cookies.
I'd be OKAY with talk... if it was more than the adult version of "But I don't WANNA shake hands and make up! They started it!"
... It's kinda hard to work with anyone if they hide in the treehouse with a 'no girls, Dems, or extreme Reps allowed'-sign up...
You're a nightmare to the state of Massachusetts.
Thank you for leading the no vote effort!
Do i send the bill for the triple rate of healthcare insurance under ACA to your office in DC or to your home in Massachusetts? #ACA #Repeal
Thank you, Senator!
We still hold those 49 responsible! Someone attempts to seriously harm you, & fails, then you don't think they're now harmless!!
Enjoy your high premiums & deductibles, no wonder you are crying. You own it, good luck fixing it.
You are,so wrong...the nightmare continues for many Americans.  Democrats failed too by doing nothing
No, no, Chief Flinging Bullcrap,  the nightmare very much continues.
Thank you for your perseverance and tireless fighting for what's right.
Its only just begun Pocohauntaus. #MAGA
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL YOU DO SENATOR @SenWarren I STAYED UP AS LATE AS I COULD WATCHING YOUR LIVESTREAM 
thank you senator
Elizabeth, as long as you and your minions are around there will be 24 hour nightmares.
Most excellent job, Senator !!
Hey congratulations you got 3 more Dems on Soros's dime sure that means less $ for the rest of the Dems but he's got plenty.
Thank you, Senator. 
Please pay attention. trump is tweeting so I'm concerned he'll try to push this through again hurting millions. Please keep fighting with us
Is trump and his administration gone?
You resigned?
NOT REALLY I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP AS WE SPEAK. OFFLINE. BUT IT DEPENDS ON AMERICAN LEADERS IF THEY WANT TO USED THE INFO. AS LONG AS THEY
No, it is not. You are horrendously callous to think you have accomplished ANYTHING. DO   YOUR  JOB
#MedicareForAll
Exactly. This is not over. The house is still pushing the senate for a bill.
So grateful.

It's not over. You are still in congress
Not for me. My insurance prices keep skyrocketing
Thank you for standing up for the American people.
Keep fighting for us! We are real people that need our health insurance.
Thank you for your hard work!

Yes yes yes yes!
No - you are still in office
Congratulations from the UK - wish we had politicians putting people first
Obamacare sucks for everyone who isn't fucking sick...get rid of it!!!!
Grateful for your tenacity & perseverance!
Thank you!!!! I hope you get some rest 
The nightmare will persist because the nerds remain too docile in a high school dominated by loud, petulant jocks
Were U picked on in school? Did u get taped to the flag pole? Stuffed in the trash can? Is that why u hate jocks?
WE WILL RISE! HUMANE ELECTORATE FOR HUMANITY'S GOOD!HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!!!
you are so weird.
Dreamcatcher could help with that, #fauxcahontas
I want to work on your bid for president in 2020.
Time to start fighting for #SinglePayerNow ms. Warren!!!
Thank you Senator Warren for what all of you did last night!!!! THANK YOU!
Tell us papoose do the American Indian have Obama care or something worse?
now bipartisan collaboration w/ all stakeholders to stabilize & revise ACA no matter how hard that is becomes your task. Support GOP 3 also.
& thanks for fighting. I stayed up w/you all. God bless the 3 GOP Senators for their courage putting health of American ppl ahead of party
Well, you're still in office so no, it's not.
Oh, you are resigning from the Senate and leaving the US?
Thank you for all you do, Senator Warren!!
Thank you & all the elected officials who did the right thing. They listened to the pp needs and voted accordingly.
OCare is dying anyways. #crapsandwich
Unfortunately, I can't thank my senators @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz,
but thank YOU, Sen Warren, for your unyielding efforts to save healthcare
Thank you for all your hard work. Now get some sleep!!!
Intermission of the longest horror movie ever.
The nightmare is over? For whom? Your still amongst us... that's a nightmare.
But I am still scared....
Thank you Senator Warren!!!
Thank you Senator Warren
Thank you for all your hard work. The fight isn't over - there's many other nightmares to fight but for now I feel elated. Thank you again!
Thank you for your work, hopefully now improvements can be made to ACA going forward with improvements for Americans.
Thank you!!! 
Thank you, Sen. Warren!
Thank you from Michigan! #resist
Thank you, thank you.
Now time to step up and fix the problem as a team! Time to lead!
Hahaha...are you dying too???
SINGLE PAYER
What can we do to help? Maybe McCain would put forth single payer...McCainCare.
Thanks for keeping up the good fight Senator! Proud to have you represent us in DC.
Thank you so much Senator Warren! #Warren2020
Thank you for fighting for us!
It's not over until you're gone from Congress.
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you senator!
Why, u committed suicide?
She is standing up for you and us. Way to be grateful.
I don't need to stand up for me. My deductible and premium has gone so high it's like why bother. So where's my "thank you " from all the
People my money is paying for?? Talk about ungrateful
Sadly,before this Administration is done, there will be a new nightmare.   Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
#JohnMcCain #MSNBC #CNN #AMJoy  Thanks John McCain for being the hero I always believed you were. Poetic Justice finally for the people.
Thank you for being the voice of reason!
Thank you
That POS wants to cut off payments to insurance companies. Such a poor loser!
Thank you to Elizabeth Warren for standing  up for the American people!
Obamacare failed. Only 10 mil on it with very few insurance companies left participating. You democrats own this massive failire
Why can't Americans just agree that health is a right not a privilege?
1 of them more to go
Thank you
Time to restore funding for risk corridors & tighten up individual mandates. 1/x
Car insurance is mandatory in every state except NH & VA. We don't hear @GOP whining about that. 2/2
Thank you, Senator Warren!!
good work.
Thank you @SenWarren ! I know how hard you & your staff have been working. I cannot begin to express my gratitude. My hero! #SkinnyRepeal 
The fight ain't over yet. But it's a start. Well done, Senator.
not with donald, mitch and paul running the country into the ground
