In case you don't know, PR is an island. Not so easy to get supplies there.
In 2010 U.S Army flew in the DAY AFTER earthquake...similar devastation and an ISLAND
Only difference - President was a leader
You are misinformed.
She's not misinformed. She's lying for political gain.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. You trump supporters act like PR is all good and US Gov job is done. Sick
BS. All this does is dispel the myth that Trump didn't do enough.
You're a bad person assuming Trump supporters don't care about PR. Sick
Read the comments, there is only blame and defense, no solutions from those posting. When you suggest a helpful point, then let me know
Trump already made point that local Govt needs to step-up with solutions.
That point was demonized by media as bad.
What's you contribution?
Obama and the democrats just let the PR corruption and infrastructure failures thrive.
So less government and more private sector involvement right?  You GOP now? 
What have you done to help?  Running your big mouth isn't helping.
Exactly why big government doesn't work.  The government can't take care of Puerto Rico, how would they take care of the entire US.
How can FEMA require computer registration, NO ELECTRIC, NO COMMUNICATIONS EQUALS NO CLAIMS. Neat way for Repubs to lower cost.
 yeah that's the ticket,This didn't cost a thing! Ppl in SETX are still trying to get to a FEMA office, with every advantage. #liberallogic
Yes the private sector does pretty much everything better than gov.

But daily you want bigger government on a daily basis.
Welcome to the conservative side of the aisle.
Are Puerto Rico's hospitals are full or people cannot get to them?  What insanity are you talking about?
Translation:  Big govt is inefficient but private charity gets job done. I.E. the opposite of what Dems push on America
Maybe if FEMA's funding hadn't been slashed in recent years, they'd have been better situated to handle 3 disasters at once
Now a fourth one with the California fires , and the national guard is there !
Remind me what party has run PR?  Is any of the poor planning their responsibility? How can it be the guy just elected chief?
What can we do? Sitting in our comfortable homes thousands of miles away. Where to donate money?

PR is another run liberal area where corruption is rampant and the ppl be damm
Didn't you support #SanJuanMayor who was later revealed not to have attended a single #FEMA meeting, busy with photos and interviews?
Like the Clinton’s in Haiti?

Then why the hell didnt you demand Obama update them some time over the past 8 years! What's Cherokee for "Lying White Woman?"
Looks like FEMA needs a new director, is clear that they dont know how to handle a crisis with 3.5 millions US citizen  @FEMA_Brock
So let me get this straight private entities are doing a better job than government and yet you want the government in our Healthcare 
#gold
Private sector solutions!!!
Less government!!!!
Yup. Big government & bureaucracy don’t work.
Wow you finally realized government isn't the answer to the world's problems, or how private enterprises work better? That's why Trump won!
And you blame Trump??
Gov't officials in Puerto Rico are under investigation for hoarding FEMA supplies. The corruption there is ridiculous.
Offer to Send all of the Federal Dollars that Massachusetts receives to rebuild PuertoRico  they need 20 Billion dollars people are dying

Yet, “nothing is being done.”
So to be clear, you're saying the private sector is more efficient  than the federal government.
Do the kids still use "pwnd?"
Because i think #Fauxcahontas just got pwnd....
Senator needs to stay off twitter and spend more time doing the she was elected to do. Better yet she should resign.
So-called "president" needs to stay off twitter and spend more time doing *what* he was elected to do. Better yet he should resign!
Sweetheart, it sounds like your having a bad hair day. Of course this assuming your not too old to still have hair. President Trump will end up being greatest President of all time. He certainly will be our savior of the U. S. A.
I don't understand, I heard one of the President's own staff that things were GOING GREAT. It's hard to believe Trump would lie to U.S.
That’s why he goes on Tweeter , he has had enough of PHONY MEDIA !
The phoniest media is FAUX news who doesn't even fact check their guests properly.
ITS YOUR FAULT LIZZY

Senator Warren lying again.
With all due respect Senator, you're a liar.
Down with big government! People always do it better on there own. Also fire those truckers that are striking and hire people that will work
Supplies are there Lieawatha.  Tell your screeching liberal friend to ACTUALLY distribute what was sent instead of hoarding for her buddies
Thanks for pointing out big gov does not work Elizabeth.  See @ChrisMurphyCT gov is not the answer as you state.
So you are against big government! Congratulations on seeing the light!
Did you just make an argument in favor of smaller government? Haven't seen the weather, has hell frozen over?
You are outdated.
Distribution usually falls on the local leaders & in Puerto Rico those corrupt mayors are the ones holding up proper distribution not Feds 
So you admit that Big Government Sucks and the private sector does a better job.  About time you got woke!
You and more both need to go take some more of that Alzheimer medicine go home and go to bed and stay the hell out of the public useless
You're getting your info from that goofy mayor down there, aren't you.
you mean govt is inefficient and doesn’t do as well as the private sector? Heretical!!!!!
Big Gov programs never do work as well as private organizations 
Yes, government sucks and NGO's always do a better job.
If there was only a group in our capital that was responsible for running something like that....
Yeah, Christan organizations have generally outpaced big government bureaucracy and vote hunters Senator.
USS Comfort are not getting patients? Its up to hospitals to send them! It should be full so PR doctors can go into the field
When the local government officials stop interfering with FEMA, distributions will be a lot better.
So go there and help you seem to know so much
Then tell @CarmenYulinCruz to stop withholding supplies from people who need them.
Warren admitting gov't doesn't do things as well as the private sector and charities.  We have a breakthrough!!
Senator Warren supports what @realDonaldTump has been saying. 
Well thank you for supporting @realDonaldTrump who has been saying exactly the same thing.
Get YOUR butt down there with folks from Mass to help.
So by your logic, government should completely run health care?
Definitely don’t send the Clinton Foundation! They will be there only to make huge profits like they did in Haiti
Like the same Democrat policy that made PR a nightmare before the storms hit? Or the mayor's under investigation for hoarding supplies?
So you are pretty much saying you suck at your job. There is a bill waiting for congress to sign to help Puerto Rico. How about some ideas
Why is the people of PR not helping deliver supplies.(Truck Drivers) per say. We are to do it ALL. They can't help themselves also.
Well u better get ur ass down there and help!! Maybe u can have a POW wow Pocahontas
Exactly! Private is always better than big government that you worship.
So you believe government is not best at solving problems and private entities can and do do it better? 
So, why are you always trying to expand the role of government?  Government needs to be downsized.
A free market solution, interesting, hypocrite.
But this is the same government you want to run our health care? Why would you want that?
How come elizabeth u as a respectable senator r not on the island helping.It appears u do more talking, but no action.@realDonaldTrump
How about tweeting about what you're doing to right all these atrocities you whine, nag, complain about...Don't be part of the problem #MAGA
Atta girl, Chief Lizzy! I, too, hate big government!
Why don't you head down to PR and straighten this out instead of trying to drive from the backseat?
Since you get nothing done in washington, perhaps you should go to P.R. and show them how to get it done.
Puerto Rico THANKS you for doing so much to assure FEMA was up to the required standards while sitting in the Senate getting paid B4 storm!
Same is true for schools
Maybe you get your ass to work! Instead of bashing everyone, do something productive. Congress is an adult daycare.
So gov sucks & private charities do a better job. Exactly wat we've been saying.
But Elizabeth, FEMA is big government. Refreshing you finally agree big government isn't the answer.
You mean big government doesn't solve everything????
Finally admitted government is ineffective and can't compare to private institutions
PR voted to stay out of the union so.....
So private charities do better work than big govt?  Does that mean you’ll cut govt spending and taxes so we can give more to charity?
Thank Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz for standing smack in the way of helping the good people of PR. 

But her new t-shirts were sure cute. 
So... you admit big government doesn’t work
So you're saying big government is incompetent. 
Thanks we knew that already. 
One of the reasons Trump  won.
She is just taking $$ & finding a news outlet to be relevant If ur concerned abt PR you should be working there FEMA is doing great Thank U
No Puerto Rico itself is outdated, Puerto Ricans live like it's 1898 and the politicians like Pocahontas are corrupt.Where are the $$$B
Big Gov sucks in other words. LMAO you have finally seen the light, hallelujah!!
Wonderful news! You're on board with shrinking the government!!! Welcome to the Republican side.
Yeah, it's a shame charities are going such a good job.
And the FBI is investigating the mayor for crimes
So, big government is inadequate? Finally you're making sense.
The gov is run by libs.
Don't u get tired of babbling nonsense, what is your accomplishments other than babbling BS
Agreed, charities are more able to handle problems than government.  Welcome to Libertarianism.
Your point is, then, that big government is not the answer? Thanks for validating that.
So you're for privatization and less government? You switching to @GOP???
Huh??? What happened to your socialist mentality? The private sector always works better than your god = government.
Excellent. Get rid of FEMA. And make government smaller.
So your saying big government is a failure and charities are doing a better job  got it we knew that too bad you don't
Fake Indian socialist admits totalitarian nanny state policy causes death and starvation anywhere its applied
Screen shot
Dive in there and do something.  Oh wait your part of the do nothing Senate. All mouth
If you know do much, give up your job and go down and help. Anything less is hot air.
Of course , charities do a better job vs. gov. Especially a corrupt gov.! PR needs better local  government.
So, the government, the same government you want in charge of healthcare, can’t manage to deliver groceries?
We have 2 hospital ships there.
Where's Hillary with her big, world saving "charity" to swoop in and help like they did in Haiti? Oh....wait.
Glad to read that you have recognized #PrivateCharityGoodGovernmentAidBad, Senator.
Those are plans that Democrats allowed to become outdated btw.
Agreed, smaller govt good, no govt better, market solutions best
So she admits that big govt sucks! I agree!
I have news for you..

It's not FEMA's fault..
Really?  You went to PR?  You know this why? How come Democrats are always complaining but never responding or fixing or offering a hand?
So, you admit that the government is bad at providing basic services?
And all the years you have been in service you have not gotten off your ass and done something about it???? Did you let Barry know??
Big government=bad governing
You are the problem with an ineffective government.  No successful business would ever be ran like you and your cronies try to run the gov
The market prevails
Elizabeth Warren admits #BigGovSucks and charities do a better job than government!  https://twitter.com/senwarren/status/914210600296820736 …
To clarify, private sector solutions and charitable organizations are more flexible than large government organizations and solutions?
I don't see you down there. Sure would if you actually went because the press would be sure to follow.
Well considering Obama admin & under your watch was current FEMA leadership & preparedness established...
So if inadequate blame yourself
Damn, same plans Obama had. Of course the senator has no clue anyway. Just all mouth!
Doesn't say much for the job you & your colleges are doing. You are too worried about resisting @POTUS than actually working for the voters

We love the Christian charities.
So,,, private charities do more than government agencies? Hell, I agree!
Then why don't you give your best friend the mayor of San Juan a call & tell her to stop obstructing FEMA's distribution!
This petty pandering by grim reapers like you is tiresome. U ignore same living conditions by our HOMELESS, but r outraged by this. RESIGN!
What did u allow weinstein to do to u to when u gobbled up all his money. When were u in PR? place was a mess, bankrupt, suffering for years
Nice to see your admission that government cannot do what the private sector can.
Check the Mayors bank account and larder. Pretty sure you’ll find both full! Corruption, they name is Democrat!
Job for charities and private sector!
Puerto Rico Independence NOW!!
You should educate yourself on how hard @fema is working. You shame yourself...
A socialist admitting big government sucks... hmmm
Your Democrat stooge Mayors and the transportation unions are just following your orders to create chaos.  Maybe we should just cut PR free.
You’re admitting that govt sucks and private sector does a better job!!!
Tell mayor to release her photo op stashes.
In PR- gov't owns all the electricity & water.(Millions in debt) 30% of Corp. are owned by the gov'http://t.How  do we fix that!
She only wants money at her finger tips & her pocket. She doesn't want Americans to live Happy she wants 2 B a dictator of Americans.
Government is screwed up but you want MORE government? This who can work in private firms. Those who can't (liawatha) work in government!
What are you doing? Did you contribute a million of your own money yet? I don’t see you doing anything but flapping your gums.
This is true of MANY govt programs compared to the private sector. Feds r too far removed from problems to be effective.
Fell free mrs. Warren to go there for a couple months and help. U could even afford to take dozens of helpers. Way too much to ask huh?
You, madame, are a liar. A shameless liar.
If you are so concerned about the distribution inadequacy in PR, get off you behind, fly to PR and start distributing yourself, or STFUB!
Finally you understand the limits of government assistance. #PuertoRicoStrong
Glad you admit that charities and individuals do better than the govt.....
It would help if San Juan didn't have a communist mayor that is playing politics and holding and controlling help instead of passing it out!
conservatives have been saying FOREVER that private charity is better than government "charity". Stop stealing others' ideas
yu do realize you are part of the gov you claim fails at almost everything
Glad charities are helping.  That is WHY they are tax exempt.  Not using tax $.
Thank you for admitting that private is better.
So you agree the government is inefficient and not the solution to all our problems? 
#EW FINALLY understands!
Big Gov sucks
#PR Gvmt has been horrible stewards & crooks
Prvt industry is better @ managing

#Trump2020
#MAGA
Pocahontas beating her war drums again. LOL
Maybe the DNC can donate, Democrat Pervert PIG #HarveyWeinsten contributions to Puerto Rico
Charitable organizations are more able & better equipped to help people than the fed govt?! I have found common ground with @SenWarren 
Holy shit, you just become a Republican?
Wait... but aren't we all supposed to worship the left's god of government?
If PR leaders weren't so corrupt maybe something could get done.
Thank you uber socialist for admitting that private charity does a better job than government. Guess you’ll be retiring now?
Govt is not as efficient as the private sector????  Who would have thunk that...
I am sure all that we need to fix it is more of my taxes...
So you’re saying that Democrat governing policies failed Puerto Rico. We are in agreement.
WOW...you are finally on to something 
Too bad the local PR politicians have been milking the place dry for decades. Why didn't they fix the infrastructure?
Lies, lies and more lies.  People of #massachusetts, your senator is embarrassing.  Please do something in #2018.  #mapoli
Wait, so you admit that big govt doesn’t work well and charity’s can do more??
Shouldn’t we just give all of FEMA’s budget to charity then? 
Next up: I want federal government to implement single payer.  That'll be so efficient and provide excellent care to all.  
It's best for the state to suck up all the money and have a monopoly on relief. It makes it easier for pols like you to get a cut.
We are hearing it is corruption and unions causing problems in PR but doubt you’ll mention that
So stop complaining and fix it. Aren’t you a Senator?
So, you're saying a private entity is better handling the job than government? Color me shocked! #PuertoRico #Libertarian #PuertoRicoRelief
So why the push for govt healthcare? If private entities are much better at delivering services.
FEMA's Puerto Rico plans are the same as they are everywhere else. The difference is local officials not doing their jobs.
So is the PR infrastructure.
You mean Puerto Ricos power company & govt is corrupt & outdated & union truckers refuse to deliver aid we sent. Nice try though.
Wow, you’ve discovered how utterly inept government is!  Hallelujah!!
Not only do NGOs often outpace the feds in charity, but the closer to the feds they get, the less efficient they become. Cf.: Red Cross.
So what are you waiting for???Get your butt on a plane and help out...oh wait, it's easier to complain than do something...
Asswad democrats once again politicizing a natural disaster.They did the same with Katrina.Didn't criticize BHO for golfing during LA floods
Never surprising to see private institutions out performing government.
