Sounds like the first passing of ACA....
It's deplorable! Regardless of party, #WeThePeople deserve better!
You don't deserve anything that is not yours.  Get off your butt and get busy.  Get out of my pockets.
Good they did learn something from the Democrats when making Obamacare you realize you're calling the kettle black

Like dems passing Obamacare in the middle of the night behind closed doors on Christmas Eve how soon you forget Pocahontas
You're a joke @SenWarren
Thank goodness it did not pass!

Stay strong Dems! And thank you for putting people over party.
Lol your kidding right. The Democrats do nothing but use people the blacks, the Latinos they could care less about you
i will die because of no health care.  simple as that. I call this The Culling.  they want us to die, to thin the herd.
Thank McCain on behalf of others!!!   Thanks to Dems & a few? courageous GOP Senators.  Pass it on to them!!
.@SenateMajLdr resign. Your despicable behavior will endear you to the 1%, but the 99% aren't happy, and your party will feel it in 2018.
As a constituent of @SenateMajLdr I say right on girl! He's tossing 230,000 fellow Kyians & millions across USA off hlth ins.Resign indeed!!
You're never right about anything or, if so, tell us
How quickly you Democraps forget. Same tactic you used to shove Obamycare down our throat. Hows it feel now? Hypocrite!!!
How about you taking this insurance,and we'll take yours;since you exemped yourselves from it.Why did you do that?
Obama and the democrats did it first.
You would not know a deal if it fell into your lap.
Well maybe b/c you #dems are NO HELP
How'd that turn out?
And FAIL......3 strikes, you're Otta Here!
Hypocrite much liz here what you did vote against
I am physically SICK watching this!!
It's appalling. The worst of the entire group is McCain. Checking himself out of the cancer ward to come take healthcare away from others.
I had hope, he'd be the "Maverick" he claims to be! Maybe he will! I still want to believe there are good people!
There are Michelle he's just not one of them. No way I'd want to be remembered that way
He is going to undo his legacy to tote the party line?!? The threat from 45 to fellow Senators would be enough for me to buck the system!
Nope
Anything we can do?!
What others have does not belong to you, nor to Lizzy Warren and Bernie.  Get off your butt and get busy.
@johniadarola @SenateGOP of course they will smh.
In the dead of night on Christmas Eve, 2009, YOU stabbed us all in the back.  Go to.
Here's the deal, you liberal democrats shoved Obama care down our throats without one republican amendment or vote, What hypocrites.
2)When @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump should b gettg #healthcare win 4 majority of Americans. Country b4 party
1)The problem is @SenateGOP @HouseGOP r looking to get a #healthcare legislation win for their party @realDonaldTrump
With you and Bernie, guiding us, we shall defeat  them and save the world. #BernievsTrump2084  http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
So here's the deal....Obamacare is going broke....but senate won't have to worry because they put that cost on taxpayers.
So here is the deal. It is called Obama Care notTrump care. U own it. U fix it. Trump sld by Ex order put all of u on O C . Like rest of us
Good you can deal withYOUR failed Obamacare and explain to the people what you did
Fraud Pocahontas. Let @Scaramucci educate you.
.@Scaramucci: "Whether it's repeal and replace or repeal and delay," we are moving to "freer system" of health care 
good
Why don't they just follow the Dems play book and change the rules to and apply to a budget appropriation and jam it through. I don't get it
Obamacare is a loser? What did you do to fix it? Nothing!!! Unconscionable and unacceptable
Are you Ready Senator? The National Weather Service has issued a Severe 3 am Trump Tweet Storm Warning.
Like the dems did? Hypocrite.
Like the the Dems did for the Magic Muslim in 2010??
Go to sleep Lizzy - a deep sleep!
Gladly it did not pass
LOL you must not remember the night you passed the disaster that caused this mess! Dang you're stupid #fauxcahontas #democratsarenuts #liar
Step aside and let Darwin do his work..
Pochahontas-why didn't you Libtard DemoCraps vote on Single Payer bill tonight? You had your chance-LYING HYPOCRITES-just like Obamanation
We beat them!! My 3 grown children, two with serious pre-existing  conditions, are covered for another day. Thank you @SenWarren 
This is sickening. They are sick people in their minds
You mean like you guys did with Obamacare? Then why am I watching them on TV right now? 
may they all get a 12-hour virus...something simple like unmanageable diarrhea...
Yea
They think we are not watching, but we are!!!
wasn't the aca passed at a late hour also. So sad you have to work late.
Just like you guys did! Karma? Both parties are a disgrace! Time to clean house and senate!!!
Was it written on Post it Notes? They surely wouldn't spend on real paper or real Americans!
Feed up! Disgusted! Outrage!
The nerve :-).
Remember when you guys passed ACA in the dead of night. When will the hypocrisy stop.
These Republicans are totally disconnected from reality.They want to cut medical care they can pay my medical bills for emg. room vs Dr. off
This is the only way GOP can pass anything - in the dead of night where know one knows and no one can see.
We're awake.  How can we sleep?  Millions of us are dependent on Senators who could take away our health care, and ultimately our lives.
And why isn't the gallery open to the public? #shame
Don't let them!!!!!!
Turnabout is Fair Play, Miss let's read it after we pass Ocare at 11pm on Christmas Eve. Stop whining DNC has bigger problems than this  now
Oh how most of America wishes to finally see the horrible Obamacare gone
Watching c-span now.
Too bad, keep resisting u don't even get invited to the table Dems hurt their base no participation or representation not a team player.
Dead of the night? Hmm finally something I can agree with #obamacare remember dummy?
Aren't you busy right now?
Hey, Venezuela have a great problem or crisis; those people needs to help about dictatorship.
and KILL many millions of Americans! Shame on the @GOP and the evil you rep!
I hope they say NO
GOP = PIGS
Keep fighting!
Of course GOP will. Dead of night is when evil ghouls do their best work.  #never red #Resist
This isn't the U.S. I served 2 protect & defend. Who knew the enemy has been within all along. @SenateGOP is a nat'l disgrace. #SkinnyRepeal
Stop them!!!!! Promise them anything - lie, side-eye, bribe - who cares at this point ! Just get them votes for NO!
Reminds me of 2009. Don't pretend this hasn't happened before or that @SenateDems haven't done the same.
Terrible!!
Complaining??? After how YOU shoved O'care through in the Dead of night just before Christmas with NO Republicans being able to READ IT? 
Desperate, shameless, childish, bullies they are Senator Warren. We The People are stronger, mightier than they are. Will reap what they sow
OOOOO IF I GOT CALLED OUTTA BED FOR THIS
Get rid of the dog shit Obummercare already. Will you ever admit that it completely sucks? Come on Pocohantas
We're watching - awful. Thanks to you and your staff for working late.
I liked this Tweet because you stand out in your condemnation of this GOP kleptocracy however you should know it's not a like 4 your sitrep.
Will you please tell my senators that they should vote no. They aren't taking our calls. @ChuckGrassley @joniernst

Inconceivable!

The Senate actually doing their job?!
how much $$ are they actually making this is beyond corrupt.. how r they allowed to pass anything 
What exactly is a "skinny repeal?"  Sounds terrifying.
Sounds just like democrats passing the ACA.
Just Like Obamacare! You should be proud.
And now is the time for Dems to band together and officially place Universal single payer heathcare as policy and end Big Pharmas corruption
Didn't you vote in the dead of night on Christmas Eve FOR ObamaCare? 
"You'll have to approve it to read it?"
Thieves in the night stealing healthcare from millions. GOP are officially murderers. No conscience. No morals. Shame.
When are you people we put our trust in (and campaign contributions) going  to admit we have a Constitutional Crisis on our hands? FAIL
Hopefully consciences will prevail and the #SkinnyRepeal will fail. #ACA must be improved and kept. If not, remember ppl 'Don't Boo...VOTE!'
Nooooo!!!! Please stop them
And what are you doing to stop it other than hand wringing?
Don't let it happen Liz.  Just salvage 1  more GOP Sen.
Really how weak is this republicans? I know you hate obamacare because of it was passed by obama but damn the hateful obsession is real.
The Republican Party are officially a threat to the United States of America's National Security #RESIST #KILLTHEBILL #SaveACA
Will people die? #fauxcohontas
Lay on the tracks America !
Oh goody goody goody finally will get rid of that death panel Obamacare that nobody can afford and has been forced down our throats!! Wanker
COWARDS.
https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/131320 …  read FREE publisher promo, unique page burner
The American people deserve transparency not politicians skulking around in the night trying to hoodwink the country!!
#VoteHerOut
A pity that a great part of what allows this to happen is the government is protected from burning with the rest of the nation.
If they do it will be their swan song. No amount of gerrymandering and Russian collusion can save their asses in the next elections.
I'm trying to stay strong... I'm also getting my kids passports.
I am here rooting for you!! I can only hope 16 million ppl will not wake up tomorrow without health insurance. My heart is hurting for Amer
And this passes for leadership... but not with me
So like a bunch of criminals about to rob and burn down an orphanage type set up.
Obamacare deja vu.
It's been a tragic roller coaster. Not knowing when the GOP is going to start killing us off, while 45 is clearly off the rails. #trumpchaos
Shameful.
Hard working Americans work through the night on many occasions
Kinda like what u socialist demo-liars did on Ocrapacare then u shoved this over priced crap down our throats and said take it or else
good luck senator. Wish there was any way we could lend our reason to those heartless senators that have none
Stand strong!
We're in the grips of a ruthless greedy Plutocracy monopoly of wealth in US ... will probably take US Civil War II to overthrow.
sounds very familiar. Oh yea that's how the ACA was passes by the Democrats. Hypocrite. I'm not justifying it but dam you are 2 faced liar
@marymjoneil @SenateGOP Like vampires.
How can we stop this!?
And they should or we will vote them out.
We will remember this & the GOP will own it 24/7.  Tonight defines if your against Americans or with us! Pure Hateful Incompetence
What was once a shining example of humanity working for the betterment of its people,Is now a house of lawlessness,with a madman at the helm
How are you going to stop them?
Try? 
Disgusting
What a disgrace to see greed take over the Senate. @SenWarren

They're doing it at the dead of night because sunlight is blinding to the morally bereft.
Despicable is the only word I can think of...
FIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@GOP doesn't listen to the people.
DON"T SETTLE. VOTE NO.
Talk about going full Pelosi.
get the sane republicans to join you in voting no on the devastating #SkinnyRepeal
It's when crooks come out to play
Disgusting crooks !! Went people is sleeping this crooks will take chance of staying alive !! Sickening!! VOTE THEM OUT NEXT ELECTION !!!!
Thanks to everyone in the #Resistance that called your GOP senator to protest this sham! Our Cory Gardner is MIA #Coward
These people @SenateGOP are loathsome.
Those of us who desperately depend on health care will see their dead-of-night vote as the bright flash of a lethal nuclear blast.
Skinny repeal their own healthcare too while they're at it. "Do unto others as you would yourselves". Tell them.
that is crazy!! wow !! not right but @SenateGOP is so desperate !!
No doubt they will. Then watch Ryan fold in the conference committee and the House pass this abomination for another Rose Garden moment.

It is really sad that Republican Senators value money for their campaign over lives of children-they are taking bribes, screwing all
Maybe someone should have taken a stand years ago
I hope each Republican's state suffers horribly.....they will suffer then when reelection comes around....NOTHING to be proud of...
Stay strong senator Warren
The Repub's have shown us one thing very clearly. They are cowards who are afraid to own their choices & hide in darkness which is shameful.
shlda made #singlepayer happen wehn you could. instead sold souls & constituents out to big ins & mfgrs. #skinnyrepeal
@SenWarren thank you for fighting for those of us that depend on ACA
Stop them!
America is watching
Body shamer!
In the dead of night the @GOP better understand that they will be the reason that protests become violent. I hope theyre ready to face that.
I called DC all week incl. GOP Senators. I urged friends & family across US to call. What else can we do? GOP doesn't care beyond a "win"
They're actually calling it anorexic now!
So here's the other deal.  Your party jammed a healthcare bill down our throats in the middle of the night. One that was intended to fail.
You mean the one that was debated, had republican input and ammendments made to the plan which was available for weeks not hours? Nice try.
The worst of times Elizabeth!  We can change this obscene, traitorous behaviour by changing this mess for the better!
Thank you Sen. Warren for trying to question this horrible (if you can even call it a) law. #SkinnyRepeal
Just like any other criminal.

The internet doesn't have a dead of night. No one will forget 2017.
Nothing good ever happens in the dead of night. There's a reason why horror stories always happen at night. #Resist
Senator I feel they don't know that this vote has sealed their fate come Election Day. Bottom line we the people are their employers.
Stop them! You've got this and all our support!
We will be screwed
And we're watching. Taking notes. Making a list of who stays and who goes in 2018. #resist #TheResistance #NoTrumpCare #NoRepeal
Revenge against Obama. Doesn't impact them personally. American pays the price of their hatred of Obama.
You all were too busy placating to AIPAC and proposing anti-#BDS bills and now here we are. This is ALL on your heads.
We are dealing with a bunch of crooks in the Congress! Disagreement on policies in one thing, doing things unethically is unacceptable.
Total insanity. Washington is chaos. Trump says it's running like a well fine tuned machine.  #clowngafawlaughter
FAKE INDIAN
How do you try to work with @SenateMajLdr?   Joe McCarthy thinks he's a shameful Senator.
Time to stop the #Insanity and #partyuberalles it's the only way to #MAGA
Horrific. What the heck can you do!!
Keep fighting! We depend on you!
Better than what liberals have done.
