Your a idiot, his view changed after Kids and babies were gassed to death, guess u were ok with kids being killed from what your saying????
He didn't change because the gates are still locked for entry into this country.  It was simply a $$$ distraction from current troubles
Bull crap, what distraction they are still investigating!!! His views on bombing did change, I'm glad his views on refugees hasn't!
Yeah ok whatever.  So what did this so called bombing resolve?  NOTHING!  ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!  Just a fool is what he is!
also made a statement to the rest of the world that the US is no longer pussified.
He made a statement to the world that he is a hypocrite and a racist lol   #maga
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
I'm still waiting on the proof that he is racist. Any proof!
Yes 2 if not more of his immigration offers are white nationalist.  But don't worry yourself baby boy.  This will all soon be over. New Prez
He made lots of money! Heavenly invested stocks in Tomahawk missles, sent 59 instead of 3, repulsive
Omg get a clue, you people are idiots!!
And illegal?!
Nope!!!
@lungtawellness Liz, go back in your anti-reality bubble. You function better there!
This man is doing what we voted him in there to do . So get the hell off his back.
she can't help continuing to be an obstructionist. That's all they have left. The Russia claim is falling apart.
And obama drew a red line and sat on his hands when it was crossed. Sent a horrible message to the world. I'm no trump fan, btw
Obama had enough sense 2ask congress which he didn't need either. He listened 2adviser where trump went on emotions n against his own words
Maybe. But publically drawing a red line then doing nothing was a huge blunder
I just want the two pubs and dems to work together through the proper channels shooting tomahawk is a serious situation
So is launching chemicals weapons! Which is recognized as a war crime internationally!
According to rule156 that's true
I just want to see some type of normalcy this is getting scarier by the minute I worry for the future
Duh, when things change daily, one must adjust. It's called leadership. Something your president never possessed
That’s because the;)&&(;:: won’t let him End of story and that’s the truth not the fake news
That's strength and a individual who cares about life around the world.
Since when does an Indian object to the use of tomahawks? #strange
Yeah..probably should have just ignored those suffering children...hell liberals kill children every day nothing knew there.
...following the feminist rhetoric.   Harsh isn't it?
Ashad gets away with murder because Obama did nothing. That's a Crime.  And His legacy
When a dictator  kills his own people, with chemical weapons, what would you have done if you was president ?
If he did not react you would be on here slamming him because he supports killing woman and children.
You're erratic. I hear your poll numbers are way down, maybe with some luck you'll get kicked to the curb.
45, the temper tantrum's poster child
Thought you'd love Tomahawk missiles, Chief Whine-A-Lot.
He is able to adapt to circumstances unlike Mr. OBAMA.
stand your ground on the wall. Do not give into trump. Let him pay for wall out of his own pocket if he is so sure Mexico pay
You are erractic, you want to let him Poison all those children but talk about the poor Syrian people, you are so fake.
UM HI BUT HE'S SENDING SHIPS TO KOREA WHILE YOUR ALL OUT ON RECESS FIX IT!
Yeah, so we can counter attack if that loon fires missiles with nuclear weapons at us. Tell us what you would do under that threat.
Very much so!  It's not the strike that's most alarming.  It's the decision making.
and you were in the room with all the military staff and Pres...lol..you know zero of the decision process.keep watchcnn
not at all my point.
Warren has beenerratic for too long now something has to b done with her nonsense
It's your fault
Has he been tested for dementia or Alzheimer's? I'm dead serious. Before we're all dead. Seriously.
He has narcissistic psychopathy. Seriously.
http://cerescan.com/conditions/alzheimers/?gclid=CjwKEAjwlKLHBRDztKr6wMnRthMSJAALcT-s4bjtoCAVpZ8cPmB-aguV_72-0Dbwxg0qRRHLeFVMHRoCu8bw_wcB …
It's scary how many symptoms this man has. He needs to be removed from office & treated.
Seriously.
It's called intelligence and guts something we haven't seen in a while.. But maybe Sen Warren can keep spilling her racist comments to help
Seriously fire yourself
Yep, wrong ordnance, wrong target.  Should have been the MOAB on Assad's palace.  That would have solved the problem.
You're  erratic
wait, wait, don't tell me, UR on the Warpath against #Trump because a Paleface using #Tomahawks is #CulturalAppropriation, right?
Why don't you try getting on board and supporting the US once in awhile. About time we got our balls back..
So ur ok with babies & children being gassed by their own President?

Warren is a joke and needs to move to Iran
It's OK. He got permission from Putin first. Putin said just don't hit anything important, like runways or planes.
Rightfully so, look at the American that lost lives, limbs heads and was drown while in cages,  , why dont you live with the ppl u protect
Don't forget babies killed everyday in America. Hypocrite.
Who is this angry grandmotherly looking women?
Babies gassed, dead. Would that change the " dynamic"?
In just a switch in presidents you went@from not questioning the 26K bombs dropped in 16 to questioning 59. That's erratic.
Aren't you glad you backed #Bernie? 

..oh, wait..
Dead babies twitching on television didn't make you want to act? Obama did nothing after they crossed his red line.
It was a message as a result of the use of biological weapons that you idiots said he didn't have
Wrong again, that's called taking action instead of sitting there with your thumb up your ass like Obama, you, & the rest of Dems do daily.
No, it's called NOT telling the enemy what we're about to do, unlike the idiot in the White House the previous 8 yesrs.
#LyingLizzies word of the day...erratic. #Pocahontas
Obama admin lied. Said Syria had no weapons of mass destruction. Now you attack the President that is to deal with your lies. Who side U on?
Is that what you call doing something - erratic? I call your actions flipped and negligable. Is being erratic as bad as not being something?
Your erratic liar n chief
Take Your Seat you GOOFY DINGBAT!
You, Madam, are the definition of erratic.
To bad the tomahawk wasn't aimed at you LOL but I guess you could have caught it because your an Indian. WHAT BS.
Most think he did the right thing what Obama do? The hatred toward trump ridiculous. He won!!!!
no...it is without warning the enemy. I know you are not used to that concept but it is the way you fight an enemy.  Democrats want to hug
Senator, I beg you...start proceedings to declare Trump unfit for office.  He is clearly insane.
Welcome to the League of Armchair Quarterbacks.  Pull up a chair, grab a beer, shut up and watch the game.
Who's more erratic, the guy that fires the missiles after use of Chem weapons or the fool that lies to the people saying they are all gone?
GOOD 4 them. Ur erratic
As compared to Obama that did nothing and now we have 500,000 dead Muslims?  Enough is enough. Assad is not a reformer like HRC stated
Old news Senator  Sessions brought in Carter Page FBI, GOP all knew it's time for indictments before Sessions gets innocent people killed
Does using the word tomahawk offend you? If it does pass a law that changes the name Senator warren!
Lizzie, YOU'RE erratic!
You mean the chemical weapons Kerry, Obama, Rice and your party said were no longer in Syria? Keep talking ur a joke!
Just when I'm absolutely certain Al Franken is the most dense, unknowledgeable of simple facts & a  phony, Liz Warren steps forward
Deranged is more like it.
Twit, I guess you overlooked real life events that occurred after his statement. It was only a missile attack....go back to the Reservation.
You're totally erratic, yourself, senator!
Who's more erratic than you? You're a kook!
Elizabeth Squaw Warren, go take your propaganda and the thumbsuckers who fall for it and start your own country called Land of the Cupcakes.
shut up hypocrite!
Your just jealous that he is throwing the "tomahawk" and not you fakahontos. Go back to your teepee and stop with the smoke signals you fake
Similarly to saying: fully support whoever is elected to, demanding a recount in less then six days after inauguration?
Your irrelevant
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @I_Am_Here_Still @pannlewis44 #Veterans NRA TeaParty TRUMP Wasting YOUR Tax Dollars on Daily Cheeto Binge
that's crazy
that's an understatement. Wildly erratic and dangerous!
Sick of all the bullshit Trump says but NOTHING is done! Do something or just stop all this BS news! He can bomb a/o approval & NOTHING! BS!
That's righteous protection of the innocent, Pocohantas.
more whining . You disappoint continuously
Maybe when you pay your female staff the same as the men you can talk.
Geez warren, you are embarrassing yourself.  Do you not stay current in what's going on in the world.
does seem quick after 8 years of dormant ineptitude
So we shouldn't have responded to gas attack?  @va_shiva care to comment?
That's our Prez :-)
You've shown us you have zero cause for even having an opinion. Go do whatever you liberals do and stay out of the way of leadership
#NeverWarren    #MAGA
That is not erratic. You are erratic, you supported the professional thief Hillary. Can't wait to  vote you out of office.
Doesn't it feel good for someone to do the opposite they tell you? That is called having power moron!
Normal shout from the hip #Trump decision making.
Erratic? Chemical weapons should be allowed? What are you saying? Chemical weapons should be the firm "never again" 

Who do YOU stand with?
Erratic is every thought and tweet from you.

#MAGA
Keep bitching from the sideline Warren. Your party is a mental health crisis

You would understand if those babies were Indians!
A welcome contrast to Obama's failure to lead. #NoDems4Decades
Your Tweets PROVE why you will NEVER be President Pocahontas.  We will make sure of that! Sounds like Obama... he evolved! lol
The only things erratic are your temper tantrums because you backed a LOSER and are proving that you also are a LOSER.
Was he supposed to come out and announce it before taking action?All Syrians are not wanting to come to US, they want their country back!
No that was humane! Watch the video of the father who put his 9 mth old twins in their grave last week. They died in the chemical attack.
Just last week, Assad went from not using chemical weapons to using them. Why now? False flag operation from Russians
Dah? because of the chemical weapon attack on his own people!  Wake up and do your job and practice common sense and reasoning.  UGH
Erratic... & Effective at deflecting attention from #russianhacking investigation.
Senator Kamala Harris for President! Elect women! Tammy Duckworth for V.P
That is why @realDonaldTrump is President. He WILL NOT let Syria cross any red lines!
A lot happened in that week. Your hate for Trump is hurting this country. You need to resign immediately
Senator Warren you speak out of both sides of your mouth.  Please retire and allow our country to repair itself and begin growing again.
No that is a message that we won't stand by while people get poisoned dovu job or quit
So Pocohontas you pay your female employees less than your male employees? Do tell us why? You're such a hypocrite.
Just another Trump diversion tactic. #russiagate
The only thing erratic is your brainwaves.
No, it's not erratic, it's smart. Do you even have a brain?
It's ironic that they were Tomahawk missles, Pocahontas
Trump prob thinks he demonstrated the courage of Churchill in 1940. He will do this again.
Trump got a little Richer!
This Man really needs prayers
Is he playing the People of America!
Just because he didn't give them a 1 month heads up like the idiot obama ?
Had your man B.O. Not lied to us and done what he should have done in the 1st place none of this would be necessary!
Why can't you just support your President and work to make America great? Stop being a Democrat and be an American for once!!!
Just a li'l old gas attack may have had something to do with that, Pocahontas.
Aaah, shut up. You would have bitched if he hadn't.
You & your party are irrelevant.
You're erratic.
Obviously Pocahontas, the death of tiny babies don't affect your cold dead heart.
You're sofa king willfully obtuse Shriekahontas. Sofa king dishonest. Are you not aware of the event that caused them to change their minds?
Great leaders redirect when needed. If your mentor Barry had done his job,Trump wouldnt be left disciplining Assad for lying about Chem weap
@ninnynoomy   Erratic is also drawing a line in the sand and cowering when it's crossed. Not defending. Simply not a binary issue
Thats going with the flow. The world is kinetic, not static and if one wants to survive one must be agile and quick minded, where are U???
Not as erratic as Trumps golf swing....
Policy seems to depend on which advisor is in the doghouse in the 24 hours a decision has to be made. We're at the mercy of palace intrigue.
all the stuff you talk about is something you should have known beforehand that it would happen now and what have you done? 8yrs
@Khanoisseur @JuddApatow Mr. Trump is a different Tomahawk altogether: It seeks petty ratings bounce, not rile up Assad to pause
Chemical weapons are a game changer, Fauxcahontas. Are you paying attention?
No. That's assad changing the game by gassing children, dummy.
Obama could have delt with this lizzy...but he didnt! His red line with his thumb in his ass, what message is that? So screw you!
Hey #Pocahontas with only 1 hour notice your lying lunatic #russiagate conspiracy theory got a precision hit with #Tomahawk
Go sit in your Teepee with your wish-catcher woman!
@POTUS Evolved.

Remember @BarackObama Evolved from "Marriage is between a man and a woman..."
You slimy sodomite hypocrites
You're erratic too. You should love the fact that he sent tomahawks to strike that air base. Wouldn't that be your weapon of choice too?
Obama was a push pop. We have a leader now. Get use to it!
Erratic? I suppose the pictures of the gassed women, children and babies wouldn't bother your cold Communist heart.
So is you fighting for equal  pay for women but your women staff only receive 71% compared to men on your  staff, hmmm.
He didn't bring it before CONGRESS! Don't get me wrong; I think Assad got off easy, but; isn't it ILLEGAL to bomb a Sovereign Nation?
No it's not. It's decisive! @realDonaldTrump @CASuperrunner
Tomahawk's should make you happy Pocahontas.
Are you really this dense?  Life is not static, things change.  Innocents were gassed, human rights sound familiar?
Fun fact: Donald trump has stocks with tomahawk!

His poll numbers are tanking and Russia is looming!  Divert and Diffuse!
They are world-class *liars,* Senator! We all know *that* by now!
Actually PresTrump was smart.Since u don't know what is going on maybe u should stay out of it.I know u hate thateverything is goingsmoothly
also without permission. He hasn't spoken to the American people. Senate hadn't approved. Are we at war?
U aren't erratic.  Still as cowardly in taking a position on  Assad as U were in standing up to HRC/ RNC.  U R pathetic
It was due to a translation error from Russian to English.
You're the definition of erratic.
Didn't someone say something about him not having the temperament to be president. Could it have been @HillaryClinton ?
So you agree with Assad gassing his people.. what a stooge you are.
I suppose a commie like u would have given Assad an award for gassing women and children u r a hypocrite
Use some compassion, commitment & common sense! A week ago, Assad had not yet gased women and children, or bombed the hospital they were in!
Not only  erratic but no thought of wider consequences!Clearly in Mr.T's mind words and action do not go hand in hand!
Trump has no plan except anything he does will make his family richer! He's not capable of managing or planning!
