Keep this from happening in America. Support President Trumps efforts to keep America safe.
How could you possibly think he's keeping America safe when he's out trying to start nuclear Wars you got to either be an idiot or crazy
Guess you're willing for North Korea to send missile into America or Japan. UN agreeing w\ Pres w\ sanctions
No I don't want them to send this to hear but I don't think we need to be antagonizing nobody to start a war to kill innocent people
Didn't North Korea say they were going to bomb Guam? Hasn't North Korea shot missile's over Japan. We haven't!
He was threatening them long before the missiles he's not threatening China and China fuels them cuz China has nuclear weapons war with them
Us???? Please do not speak for me
Why are you talking about Trump when the original thread was about the 4 BC students Acid Attacked???
Ok.. Then how about Please Also Don't speak for me either.. Better???
Excuse me.. didn't know you were the only one to reply to anything..
Protect those terrorists
Love your blatant display of fake sympathy. Smdh!
Misswarren why is nh uesing  a trucking comp out of conn calming to be a non profit  company with medaced
Winning the war on radical Islamic terrorist would be a good place to start
And radical Christian white supremacy groups?
They aren't as dangerous
Look what is happening to the UK and EU
When are my fellow lefty's going to wake up?
Hopefully soon enough.
I can't stand it, I really can't!
Did you know that Afghanistan used to be Buddhist?
And Iran practiced Zoroastrianism?
Islam colonialism
Nope apparently I will be putting my yahoo search engine to work today. The Islam colonial slant I did know it's in their book
It's awful. 
As a Buddhist, it is upsetting about Afghanistan.
Islam is a cancer that swarms culture
Notice she never mentions the word prayer . Please you twisted evil women you do not give a hoot about anybody but your own agendas insane
As long as they donate a hefty check to your re-election campaign. #Liar
Thank you - I try!
tfw BC as in British Columbia? I thot you got elected & paid to represent Americans or am I wrong again Reach out to your tribal indigenous
You were affiliation with Hillary Clinton is been acknowledged.

Let's start talking about how demented Islam is
I'm a lefty who is very concerned about it
Crazy don't get it. That was a brutal attack!
you're cery generous with our money. maybe they shouldn't expose themselves to unnecessary danger by staying home! their choice.
That makes no sense at all.
although this is tragic news it is not terrorism but the act of a white female deviant. Meanwhile US police kills 1000pp/year
Cause females can't be terrorists! That would be too gender non normative for them, so they just just be deviant. That feels better, huh?
So what were her motives?
she declared "I lost my mind" (j'ai pete les plombs in French) which means no motive therefore not terrorism.
Well someone should help her find her mind! Let's find out her background and alliances, then decide if she's truly lost her mind or not.
Anyone who can articulate that they lost their mind likely hasn't actually lost it.  Just saying.
And yet you want to allow more of these people in the US!!!
Good for you sen warren.  You know the facts and respect our history and all citizens.
Quit pampering Islam religion. It's not a religion without Shariah Law. Elizabeth Warren. You know better
Maybe you should think about the single common denominator of these acts and all the terrorist acts across Europe over the last 10 years
From BC you say? How about doing a public interview w/the victims to ask them what they think about US 'extreme vetting' of refugees now?
Seriously- It might be helpful to hear what the victims of the attack have to say about the attack itself & if it has changed their opinion?
All my prayers to these innocent women,
You can do all of the country a great deal by resigning and go back to the reservation you foolish old squaw!
I heard someone lost some eyesight so an eye would come in handy
Of course you did.
Would you dare to condemn the attacker as a rabid Moslem with issues against those in civilized society? If not, you are part of the problem
Rise your voice for innocent Ruhingya Muslims because those are brutally killed by state.
So incredibly sad
What a phony you are
You're just doing that to cover up your atrocities.
Your support group antifa will be adopting the tactic soon.
Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and Czech Republic=no terrorist attacks. Examine the evidence as to why.  @TonyLavenga @benshapiro @marklevinshow
Obviously this is what you want in our country! Follow the constitution and your oath of office. Build that wall! #Pocahantas
Shame your thoughts don't include protecting Americans .  Don't we count Pocohantas???
Sad to think innocent ppl can't walk around in such a beautiful country and not be safe. Attacker reportedly mentally ill. Sad
Stop mass immigration.
Help by stop letting the animals immigrate
Your a joke you support these very people
Reach out to Michigan and help out flint .. are your thoughts with any of murders in Roxbury ? What other buzz story can u do ?
Pathetic
Morning  Pocahontas
What a surprise that the president didn't have time to tweet a response to this, he was too busy insults against HRC, and an unstable man.
Do you not pray as well?
We need to pass CGT like tomorrow.
Moi aussi
Senator Warren, please run for POTUS! Unlike the current admin, you obviously care. You have my vote ;)
They've been like that for Who knows how long.  Ahhh, Paris the city of love!  ( Any o' kind, right????!!!!!!!)  Tsk.
And tell France that the answer to why it was easy for the Isis terrorist to shoot them, lies in the song Imagine.  They'll remember.
Mo @mjjsmith2003 i think another bott.
Veronica evans @curiouswoman3  is probably a bot
I'm not, sorry!
Funny isn't It? You bring them logic and fact, they call u a bot lol
Y aren't U wording about US being attacked?! Approve travel ban before we become American-Iran? U should be worried about Americans first!
I'm sure you'll be called on should anyone need lies to cover something up.
Your office is fantastic and they are as helpful as can be! They helped me when I needed it, and I'm sure that you'll be there for them.
Where are your thoughts about those murdered or maimed here?
"Thoughts" What disconnected PC elitists say to fake sincerity. We all know miracles & mercy can happen when you "think" hard enough #sad
Pandering
Your thoughts are not helpful. You want open borders. If you really cared you would want to protect Americans with the Wall. FAKE!!!
Why do you want to bring these types of people to America?
Did they suggest you resign?
Standard political could really care less BS.
What's the attackers name? Find that out for us, ehh.
I admire your outreach and sympathy to the BC gals.  Too bad our president doesn't offer leadership and concern.
Umm.  He wants to keep the people who do this kind of stuff out of the country.  Pretty sure he's concerned.
You support open borders that allows for this shit to happen, you are part of the problem.
Stop it! We need to do something not just flap your jaws
TY, you are a great Senator.
Another public servant, you need to take your medicine
A wall would help
Praying for those Boston College students.
My governor could learn a few things here; an 8y/o suffered an attempted lynching & 2 wks went by before any public statement was made.
I'm glad they have all been released. Very grateful 
Most likely same people you're screaming at POTUS for trying to keep from entering our country are responsible
Didn't take you long to politicize that event.  You are amazing.
You can help by not supporting sanctuary cities and letting in terrorists
It's horrible, I hope they'll be okay
I missed this who attacked her?
Islamaphope
Thank you, Senator Warren!
Help doesn't mean whore them out for media coverage
These are the animals you want to let in to my country. Save your thoughts hypocrite
And Elizabeth Warren will NOT STOP until daily acid attacks occur right here in the US. 
You do know that a few months ago in London several Muslims were targeted with acid!!
And they were attacked by which group of people?????Come on Sheri.....which religion attacked it's own people(<---that was a hint)
Hope they don’t have Ocare, or they really are screwed.
Says the person who supports refugees coming to do the same thing in America. With her mega phone at Logan Airport protesting for refugees.
But you've done nothing to support extreme vetting to protect citizens of USA. Trolling for votes before safety.  A very Selfish act
No word from POTUS?
Now that would be a miracle. We need to count on our Senators and Reps. to do his job. And I am thankful for them.
Ur too afraid to even be honest on why you have to offer condolences. Maybe be honest for a change, that would be greatly appreciated!!
God Bless
Go get your headlines
Stop supporting refugees and illegal aliens

How about keeping radical muslims out of the USA? That WILL reduce the likelihood that an attack like that will happen in Boston.
Who was attacked an so called illegal American because you do nothing for the American people
Why not jump on your broom and go see, #lieawatha.
So sad
If you really cared, you would start being more tough on terrorism.
Congrats!
https://www.gofundme.com/impeaching-trump-very-difficult-so …
Pass healthcare reform.   #obamacare unsustainable.
People hate you because they say you are a fake Indian. I dislike you because you are a phony. Please run for president
Latch on to every thing you want lady, it won't make a difference.  Politics has changed, and you can't change enough to keep up. #swamplady
but hey lets have open borders and unvetted immigration.
You are nothing but a lying baby Kellan which
I'm so impressed that your social media team works on a Sunday and tweets PC things for you
Any information on who did this? Have they been caught
They arrested a 41 year old woman. Not terrorism. Either nut job or domestic violence.
Really?  With your globalist  agenda$.
Going back to Paris tomorrow so ok
My office reached out to BC to see if they had any $375K opportunities to teach one class..@VBTheWise @DiehlForSenate @HowieCarrShow
Sending prayers for a speedy recovery and I hope they're safe.
We have a incompetent man in office. Are u going to address this dangerous situation? The longer he is in office the more danger we are in.
What do you propose to keep us safe? Open borders? Yeah right. We must rely on the Right to keep us safe. You Libs won't do it.
That's horrible. What kind of acid is being used? Why is it so readily available?
We need to ban all acid
Good to hear
It's a little late for u to help now but that's ur m.o.  Don't worry about being prepared just bat cleanup.
You can help by calling terrorist what they are.
Screw you Elizabeth.  You have no idea what it's like to be someone in this position.    You have tons of security. You have NO IDEA.
Bullshit!!!!! You see an OPPORTUNITY!!! You will blame this on #POTUS and his supporters in order to possibly get just ONE MORE vote #MAGA!!

Name of attackers, Steve maybe...
What thoughts?

This is the way it should be done.
Acid attacks are known to be the choice weapon by Muslim male or female against woman, its an undeniable fact.
Thank you...what did Trump say about this?
Pocohantes will you reach out to the deplorables? We could use help.
Praying

whatever!! You support the terrorist over there and here!! You hate America and it's founding turncoat!! You don't care about EU!
Thank you Senator.
I Echo said thanks and let us know what we as Americans can do to support those attacked
But YOU didn't reach out did you?  Stop politicizing everything in the news for your benefit.
You can start by disavowing sanctuary cities. Stop representing ideology, start representing constituents
I FEEL 4 THE VICTIMS BUT HOW ABOUT YOUR OPEN BORDER IMMIGRATION POLICY WHERE R UR BRAINS WE DON'T WANT THAT HAPPENING HERE @realDonaldTrump


But let's bring more here. Acid attackers and other criminals vote democrat 100%

Lets open the borders to these terrorists! Dont even go there Senator!
Or we can put research money into treatment for mental illness, since it was a mentally ill woman who committed the attack.
Support President Trump is the only way to keep this from happening in America. Thank goodness he won.

SENATOR CRIMINALS ARE NEVER ROBBED THEY KNOW ALL CRIMINALS! TROUBLE CONTROLS TROUBLE!
SENATOR ALL THESE YEARS NOTHING IN ITALY OR SICILY!
Can someone explain what the hell all these people are talking about? A mentally ill woman in France attacked these girls.
Yes she threw acid on them.
I know that. What the hell are people going on about muslims in America?
Russian twitter bots gotta stir up the racism for Trump
Or just stupid people
I reported & blocked every one of them. Most of them were spam bots  with a few legit racists salted on top.
SENATOR BECAUSE IT'S THE MAFIA THAT HAS PUT THEM UP TO THEIR TERRORISM !PART OF PLAN!
I feel for these victims BUT HOW ABOUT SYMPATHY FOR THE US CITIZENS KILLED HERE BY YOUR OPEN BORDER AGENDA PROTECT USA FIRST OK LIBTURD
SENATOR THESE TERRORIST ARE TOLD TO DO THEIR WORST !THERE IS ONE THING !WHY HAS THERE NOT BEEN TERRORIST ATTACKS IN ITALY AND SICILY?
There's no indication this was a terrorist attack.
Liz who attacked them you coward
why dont you join them in France, as a permanent vacation
President Trump where is your outrage and support for these four young Americans women! Thank you Sen Warren. Trump is such a Hypocrite!
Wait you hurt for the victims? You do understand that the perps are your ppl (Jew haters) and they inspire your buddies at #antifa
As long as they never refer to the attack as Islamic Terrorism, right?
You &your party,a proponent of unvetted illegal immigration, opens USA to this possibility. #TravelBan #BuildThatWall #MAGA #CommonSense
Russian troll.
Do you think Americans are more of a target abroad because of Trump's blatant bigotry and hate?!
OR it's the constant disdain and dehumanization of Muslims in general by this so called president and his administration
Inform thyself.
when the "leader" of your country is an old, racist dementia patient w hate for the 2nd most pop. religion in the world, what'd you think?
Agreed Mandy,the word leader is a joke-his whole team is a joke but it's scary because he is president & the GOP in congress won't check him
exactly. this could be extremely dangerous. more conservatives need to put country over party bc our republic is seriously at risk
This is the sign of a true leader. Unfortunately our own potus can't be bothered.
It was Muslims.
Where did you see that reported? I'm seeing one woman, not multiple persons.
Yet you would invite more of the same invaders into 
Yep, it's the bad ones we are inviting in.  Sometimes it's better to keep your hands off the keyboard.
How do you know a good one from a bad one? Tsarnaev brothers were children when they arrived. Grew up here. Radicalized here. Killed here.
Practice what you preach... Hands/keyboards.
A chanson
The attacker was a 41-year-old woman who is mentally unstable-but sure, go ahead and blame Muslims -you asshole.
Do we even know who the woman is?  Her name?  I'm really asking because I don't know.  I can't find it on any of the news sites.
I'm not sure we have enough info to determine or dismiss any motive yet.
@SenWarren 
http://the-fluid-nature-of-the-multiverse.com/m.pdf 
What a horrible thing
According to most of your journalist friends, trump recent gif retweet is more inhumane than Marseille acid attack.
Yeah I'm sure the French need your help.
You do realize the attack she's referring to wasn't related to any religion, right?
Of course he doesn't. He's too stupid to bother reading the news.
How tragic
Why? It was an accident Ask Warren It definitely wasn't targeted Islamic attack on women. Liberals support Islamic Terrorists before Women.
The attacker was a 41-year-old woman who is mentally unstable-but sure, go ahead and blame Muslims.
You can start with the nut cases who inspired it.
They asked if you could come back to Massachusetts. Oh I forgot. Drive up 95 till you hit a sign that says Boston.  Then stop
You wouldn't have if it was Islamic terrorism.
Have you helped an American at anytime no your anti American. Clown!
You're*
¿¿¿¿¿
?
We can always count on you. When are you running for President?
LOL !
