He never had any intention of finding the truth. He already knows but does not care. It's never about the country
keep fighting the good fight! @realDonaldTrump will always give in to that turabt!
Trump. Has been in league with Russia to dismantle our democratic system. In order to get rid of massive dept trump owes Russia.
Everyone knows that if you ask a former KGB agent a question twice they have to give you a truthful answer!
Lol!!!

Translation: "I can't defend Trump on this but I can attack Democrats with memes so I'm gonna do that! Herp derp MAGA!"
I can defend any man who believes and loves his country and their citizens, Trump is just fine.
Putin didn't rig our elections, the dnc did.  And still lost.
I don't believe Russia hacked elections. Maybe they did hack HRC and DNC, which only proved how corrupt the Democrats are.  Thanks whoever
He didn't ask him, it was a discussion about sanctions.  He KNOWS putin hacked the US elections, because he was in on it from the beginning.
Ohhhh boy. We've got a live one....a real fool. Willing to sell constitution down the river because his flickering box tells him lies.
Huh?
..
Just prove it. Prove it and Putin can not  deny it!  

Oh, it's a secret.  I see, the proof is a secret.   Ok 

You have no proof !
Morons. The lot of you!!
Time for you people to look into trump and family finances.. They are. Stealing from country and work to disrupt our country.
Why not poll the 62 million Trump supporters and find out if Russia forced them to vote for Trump ?
or maybe that's just more #FakeNews.
End of discussion. Innocent until proved guilty.
Because he is inept in every possible way.
He's not presidential material and not loyal to our country.
Why don't you give up and worried about Healthcare you better are you will be worrying about your position when come election day.
Does #Robertmuller know about the Russians funding the #DonaldTrump golf resort in Ireland ? @DonaldJTrumpJr knows! https://goo.gl/vHTQVq 
It's because he's a Woos and Putin has his number.
Trump puts trump first over America. He pence and others all colluded with Russia to win election. They all cheated.
Is it ok HRC gave Russians uranium 4 profit & made them & iran stronger w/Nukes? Is it ok that ted kennedy worked w/russia against reagan
You stick with that narrative Lizzy. What a nonsensical Hillary want to be.
you can't even offer any evidence or how many DNC servers were hacked. Shut up Pocahontas
NO PROOF RUSSIANS HACKED ELECTION. DNC would not turn over server Just STHU
They both lie. We all know that.
Why don't you worry about how the DNC can win back some of the 1,000 seats it has lost in 10 years and let the adults handle foreign policy
Because she's attempting a POTUS run in 2020.  Can't be bothered with actual problems.
Please run for President!!!!!
Well all Obama did was tell him to cut it out in a stern voice
Lol trump froze and got scared Lol 
@SenWarren Should we go to war over this Pochy?  Then you would be whining about his aggressive tactics.  Not like we don't do it to.
But why even bother asking
@SenWarren proclaims "I will stand against @realDonaldTrump day after election ". I gave up supporting @SenWarren #draintheswamp
45 didn't want to upset his boss.
May be he should have told him to "stop it" like Presdient Obama @POTUS44.
And Obama said to him I will have more leverage after I win a second term. Selling uranium to them was that
#InvokeThe25thAmendment
Do you think he should have started a fist fight? Did not mean he believed Putin. What would you have done at that time?
he asked a TOTALLY different way. What different way? Nobody knows for sure.
In an old trench coat & clutching an unlit cigar Trump stops at the door, touches his finger to his forehead and says, "oh, one more thing"
Mr Obama was the president during the election not Mr. Trump, HELLO!
#Pocahontas
@realDonaldTrump Hillary and Obama sold 20 percent of uranium to Putin. That makes bombs.
@realDonaldTrump Obama told an official to tell Putin the second election he would have more flexibility. What did Obama mean?
Gave up? What was the point in keeping on. He wouldn't admit it, if true.
Why not, the democrats are doing a pretty good job of beating a dead horse. They Never shit up, or admit they could be wrong!!!!!
And so should the witch hunters
Give it to 'em Liz! And don't let that Pocahontas crap get you down-I've been called worse myself and I'm a just a cake!
Come on.Elizabeth, of cource Trump knows Putin hacked our elections, they did it together
Guess he should be like the salivating circus clown libs who keep coming up empty but keep clowning around for more. It's #pathetic
And HE is the ONLY ONE who can solve all our problems. I guess we are just up that well-known creek if that's the case.
what's he supposed to do jump up & down & throw a temper tantrum? We know that's how the Dems work but not OUR POTUS!  #MAGA
What should he do ...smoke a peace pipe...he's not an Indian...oh wait neither are you!
Mrs Warren, quit with the rhetoric. You talk tough but do nothing. Tired of the lies from you and your party. Get to work.
Staged much?
It's like asking @HillaryClinton if she handled classified emails on her private server - of course they deny it
not surprising. He'll never stand up to Putin.
How do you know? Did you wire tap their conversations.
Because it was like beating a dead horse!
The Art of the Doofus.
@SenWarren pretended to be Native American because she has high cheekbones. When called on it she pretended a different way. #fauxcohontas
@BarackObama told Putin to "stop it" very sternly, Putin did not @BarackObama gave up #LiberalHypocrites #ObamasLegacy

Read my bio.
What would you have done. Got up and walked out. You cant make someone give you the answer you want.
Why don't you give it up Mrs Warren? I don't like Trump either but please respect he was legally elected ....please respect the office
Elizabeth Warren has likely produced nothing of value in a lifetime of insufferable babble

Are you ever happy?  You are a very sad woman. Do tell, how would you like him to ask? Standing on his head?
Trump knows exactly what Russia did and he's owned by them!!
He never really tried 
Why would he
He had not intentions to know if this was true or not. Since he won with the help of the Kremlin.
A face of a man in drag

That sounds about http://right.One  liar knows when another liar will just keep lying.What? Kremlin didn't explode with pants on fire?
Did he ask Putin if you were really an American Indian? You're complete lack of positive influence on America and your party is disgusting.
Will you give it up.
Senator, If there is evidence of hacking beyond Brennans pretensions about Russia, please be the first to present it.

QUIT TELLING THIS LIE
Lizzy, keep the Russian narrative going! It is really helping the party!
Same shit, different toilet
VOTE KID ROCK THESE LIBERALS ARE INSANE
How many times were you asked to give EVIDENCE of your Native heritage???
Did you check the box to get an advantage over others? Are you ok with cheating?
What should he have done ?
I'm sure he received training in interrogating an ex-KGB officer when he was in military/reform school.
Did you give up on ur grandmother's recipe after at first failing? Or did you claim ur heritage on the first try?
That's reflective of fraudulent Trump Univ & $25 million judgement. Talk w/out substance = Trumps. Make America Trump-Free Again.
So let's get into a pissing  match right? Keep friends close and enemies closer! Or he could say knock it off like that jerk Obama!
But her emails!!!!
Nonsense,Pocahontas!Why've you not yet responded to our challenge for a DNAtest to disprove allegations that you stole from NativeAmericans?
come on-what is trump going to do? spank him? you are on the verge of ignorant.

Him to give any classify document he would like to have and asked Putin to teach him some strategies to silence journalists, distract from R
What did he up for? Does ever agree that Russia hacked US election? He sat down Putin to thank him for making him a president and reasure hi
What was he supposed to do? Throw him down on the ground and sit on him? Talk sternly? Your sanctions are a great start.
wimp! that's all he had to do & Trump tucks his tail & runs!
Well, he asked twice. I mean, what do you expect from him - persistence?  ;)
Just like @HillaryClinton telling Wall Street to "cut it out".....you got work to do to make up credibility for flipping on @BernieSanders
What do you want him to do say yes you did no ididnt,yes you did get real
The America ppl did this, we rejected U, only thing your lunatic party controls are puddles. U've been losing elections for yrs
Maybe you forgot this.
Comey asked Hillary if she sent or received classified information. She denied it Comey determined she lied and let her off.
Please Sen Warren tell us how u would have gotten Putin 2 admit he hacked our election? #GetAGrip
He should have just told him to cut it out since that worked so well in the past.
Did they wink at each other
I can see you would really be good at diplomacy. Not!
The Trump family works  to gain power for their dynasty. @SenDeanHeller
If only he persisted
And what would you have done? Called him a fibber? Sent drones to take him out? Have military drop bombs? Started an Indian uprising?
When it comes to liars, takes one to know one!
and the checks in the mail!

Well Trump knows he was trying to do it on his behalf.
Unbelievable
because hes scared putins gonna flipflop his ass
And yet you persist. Even though no one cares what you do anymore.

What would you have done shoot him? Criticize him? You vulgar language? Use nasty language like you do on President Trump? You have no clue!
Guess it was time to alienate another ally.
Trump already knew the truthful answer before he said he asked. I don't believe he asked.
I think we all know Trump is aware of exactly how Putin changed the results of our elections. I believe he wudn't have the #
to win.
Trump spent less money on campaigning because he knew the results were rigged.
What would you have him do? Call him a liar? Kick his ass like he has been @CNN? Like it or not, we still have to work with him.
One big twisted b*****. You are nothing ...!
Why listen to a spin by a Democrat ?
its like a child asking his mom where he came from.
Liz, you ask Putin if the Dems and HRC and Obama were involved in collusion and he says yes! Then ask him again! He'll say yes again!
Sorry, but trump needs to go away on an extended prison stay with his sons and his cabinet.
If you were talking to Putin you would have put him on choke hold and kicked him till he confessed and repented?
Such a weak man!
Trump's attention span is on self serving in his delusional pragmatic  world.
Won't cease on competition. Use derogatory names for other.
I know huh, Isn't he a brain and a half....................NOT
What should POTUS have done, Poco? Totally missed the ceasefire that resulted... Maybe said, " UH HUH-DID TOO!"  #MAGA #POCO #Embarrassment
Yes, the ex-KGB man was almost fooled by the ol' "ask 'em the same question in a different way" trick!  Very sly!
Why don't you ask hm, it may satisfy your sense of self.
He gave up quicker than with Obama's birth certificate. What an idiot. "Different way". This is Putin we're talking about. FORMER KGB
Well we do know how much more perseverant he is when it comes to getting his way with women.
Because he knows he did
Who has killed more people, Hillary or Putin? That's right, the bitch
..because @realDonaldTrump always just lets things fester. He never strikes back, that is unless it's a woman, about him, or election #s!
The art of the deal is no deal when it's come to Putin
To be fair that trick would trip up Trump 100% of the time.
Did you think Putin was gonna admit it?
How's that Native American DNA test coming along????
What?
Remind us again those things that the Russians exposed.  Please. So much fun. The ultimate in diversion.
Are you suggesting that Trump use a form of torture on Putin in order to extract the truth?
Are you really naive enough to believe he would confess to anything?  Please. Maybe people that would vote for u believe that garbage.
Quite the negotiator--and like his self-proclaimed achievements negotiating on military procurements, actual results did match his story
He was just being "flexible". Poca.
Golly Liz, have you ever had an original thought?
#pathetic
@elizabethforma well... this is embarrassing, since it was you and Barry asleep at the wheel. 

https://youtu.be/N0IWe11RWOM 

NBD though, right?
just like he'll give up on America! He's doing this for personal financial gain and his out of control ego, not for Americans!
Can't understand someone not repeating same question over, & over & over AFTER getting the same answer each time? defination of insanity!
Putin is making a laughing stock of 
trump 
When will you give up and except That Killary lost a Democratic election.                 #KillaryHinton4prison
So you were in that meeting?
Whom is vying for the next presidential election?
But he asked him twice!!! Surely he'd have told the truth the second time...
He didn't give up. He's complicit.
Kindly, please, leave the President alone and let him get his job done. You don't speak for the other half of America.
Trumps little Putin problem
Because he didn't want the answer; he already knows it!
Now, there's a man with tenacity! 
