Firing the person investigating you is an admission of guilt #TrumpTreason #IMPEACH
The electorate of Massachusetts also made some questionable decisions
Finally you are making some sense.
Yes, but why fired him now? This is a major red flag! And this is obstruction of justice #ComeyFiring
You made questionable decisions during election. By not only staying silent when HRC rigged primaries but actually endorsing her.
Hypocrite much?
they need to make comments on clinton for sure and her ties with russia
please help this county   trump is a FAKE PRESIDENT
That's your response Senator? Seriously?
Don't look at me, I sure as hell don't claim him!
no crime with trump and putin. why dont you worry about meltdown at hanford WA
YA THINK ?
Trump has long advocated jailing political opponents - or anyone who dares disagree with the Orange One. I remember Nixon. I am afraid.
Maybe he didn't get fired during Obama Admin because of backlash and black eye.
Thanks Pocahontas!
Yeah and you wanted him fired!! Now that he is your crying like a baby. When ever has the firing of a cop stopped ANY Investigation? Never!
Well, duh! Firing was appropriate. Move on and get back to work. Tired of the dems  perpetually offended about everything.  New every day.
but you publicly comment on classified info and speculate without confirmation or proof?   HMMMMMMMMMM...#whatchanged
Is that the only thing you find questionable about comeys decisions over the last 1/2 years? Because I find quite a few things disturbing.
By the way Senator Jeff Sessions supposed to recused himself why he have a say in #ComeyFiring? This is suspicious and dishonest
Trump has pulled a Nixon and I pray it ends the same way
Me to!!! Inpeachment!
But Trump fired him to protect himself.
That's right. We need Congress to stand up to him before it's too late.
We all know this.  But it is literally sadistic to think that this is the reason trump fired him. The exact opposite is true.

It's those 'questionable decisions' that were his undoing!  FBI can't be led by a man that makes 'questionable investigations'!
That said, we cannot allow this dictatorial attempt to quash the other investigation.  Special prosecutor needs to be appointed ASAP.
trumps timing changes nothing for Hillary and everything for trump and campaign investigation
Where are Comey's files now? Sealed, I hope!
Thank you Elizabeth, at least u got this one thing correct. They have already established Comey's questionable decisions.He was fired u know
But still the reason & the timing for firing Cmey, are highly suspect and unacceptable
Hey Pochantas why don't you spell out your own problem except drumming the same old narrative of your failure. Dumb ass.!!
tax returns and the millions you forgot to tell the IRS about. Now you have no one to protect you. That's what that's about.
You mean investigations that would prove Hillary is as crooked as you. We all know you as a liar also. How about you show your
In reality im surprised he wasnt fired by Obama before he left office
Don't back down now.
Agreed.
WOW, you just spoke the truth!!!!!!!   Amazing!!! Didnt think you had it in you to tell the honest truth.  Now we all know why he was fired.
Trump asked Comey, if I punch you in the nose and it bleeds what was my intent? Comey said IDK Trump said you're fired
agree! He is a camera hog!
No sane person can believe that explanation.  @realDonaldTrump is a threat to our democracy and must be investigated #TrumpLiesMatter
I hope and pray that you run against Trump in 2020 because that would guarantee another Trump victory and it would finish the liberals.
We should all take advice from the woman who lied about being a Native American.
As if Trump hasn't made questionable decisions.  Get rid of Trump.  Congress you can do it.
I couldn't agree more.That said this firing stinks because now #President$wampCreature gets to pick his own investigator #treason
No they shouldn't - but to fire him now makes it very clear that there is collusion with Russia.
Trump fired comey so he couldn't release info on him, and tried to say its him defending hillary hahaha
You don't say!
shut up  All I ever see from you is ignorant theories.
He didn't comment on an ongoing investigation.He commented on a closed one and, naturally, informed Congress when things changed.
Then why are you complaining about it.
Call me prove to me as incompetent Time for him to go with the entire Democratic Party
Lizzy, only thing questionable is how can you afford a 10 million dollar mansion on your salary? Time for FBI to investigate Lizzy!
Agree. But not from @potus point of view. So this is motivated by fear of something he doesn't want uncovered. Can't change leopard's spots
A ringing Democrat call to resistance! as remaining fibers of democracy snap #Mayday #WhoAreWeWaitingFor
trump has fired 3 people investigating him... bharara in new york, yates and now comey. Hum...
Remember Lynch recused herself due to meeting w/Bill Clinton on tarmac. She told Comey to decide Hillary's fate.
Pocahontas is a liberal idiot
So, realizing this how do you expect any transparency whatsoever from an Independent Prosecutor? Pick wrong one you'll never know anything.
I agree with this statement. You even state Comey went off the rails. Obama should have fired him; Trump let him stay for 100ish days..GONE!
I didn't care that much for Comey, but I hate that Trump fired him just when the Russia investigation is heating up! Bad timing!!!
Do they think we are that gullible to think Comey was fired over Clinton #staystrong
That is the first comment of truth I've ever seen you write
Neither should stupid senators
@SenSanders And AG Lynch shouldn't b going on plane w/Bill #Clinton then NOT recusing herself to leave Comey alone. #DNCLeaks #PodestaEmails
But @realdonaldtrump fired FBI head investigating potentially criminal actions of Trump admin ties to Russia. That's more important point.
So he was incompetent but you only defend him if he is playing for your team. Very political of you.
Trump got elected for this very reason. To make America great again. Drain that swamp. @realDonaldTrump  Trump2020
Then, it's settled.  Now you can put your head back in the sand.
Jan. 22 2017... Trump invited Comey to the white house and huged and thank him for well job over Hillary's emails.
Can the US hire the EU's court, The Hague to investigate #RussianCollusion ? Would be impartial!
Wow #Pocahontas ur all over the map typical #hypocrisy
Just stop politicking you will never be president
Questionable?  Try stupid! There was no intent to commit a crime on Killary's part? But wiped server clean?? Butcher of Benghazi
If it wasn't for double standards you wouldn't have any standards at all.
Unless the AG is in the pocket of the person being investigated and not allowing indictment.
why now100 and some very odd days later?
Comeys irresponsibility assisted the tRump campaign to crucify HRC. That in itself is not acceptable
Six months ago liberals blamed FBI Director Comey for Hillary losing the election...now they're mad that Trump just fired him.   hahaha
Unintended consequences...
Agreed. But Trump is compromising an active investigation.  Much worse.
Really, that's what you'll say? How about he got bullied by the clintons? Or AG ?
Anything to pander to the liberals .. wow
get back on ur meds (opiods), ur making sense
I blame comey for Hillary Clinton email 10 days before an election
Really?? Right this coming from a democrat would this comment apply if it was an republican? NO so stop making waves Warren useless on so
Do you believe that's why he was fired?
-Sorry Senator, did not see your other tweets and your interview with Chris.  Well said and again, my bad!
Do we need to fire the WHOLE Senate and House?  This is unbelievable,our Democracy is in play and everyone just ok with this.  It's not '73!
For once chief, I agree with you.
Looks like Ryan and McConnell are staying quiet. Have Republicans said anything to you?
wow. This is all you have? He fired Comey because of Hillary? Not because he is under investigation?
At this point they may need to comment on ongoing investigations, if there is a risk that the White House will bury them.
There's always first...amazing she agrees with @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump...probably won't be a second though
Comey shouldn't complain. If Hillary had won, he would've been fired AND dead by now.
Amen.
Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from everything involving Russia.  Firing Comey, trumps his recusal.  Is Senate investigating?
@HillaryClinton shouldn't delete 33,000 emails or share classified document but she did
You must demand independent investigation into the Russia investigation
Trump has made more questionable decisions. Why not fire him!!  Why is everyone so afraid to impeach him. He's not right in the head!
But we know that's a cheap excuse.  Trump loved Comey during campaign.  Is he scared Comey will do Press Conference to read Trump's charges?
I didn't know that Presidents have so much power to get rid of the person that was investigating them. Is democracy dead? #Comey
Comey is Swamp Creature from past Admin. Trash Judges like Obama did. Clean out FBI, CIA. Get Trump Admin in place! Good job DT
However, as someone pointed out the AG had recused himself re:Russian investigation yet recommended firing of lead of said investigation? Hm
We all know that isn't why he was fired.
Anyone who supports Trump gets burned in the end. Just ask his employees, contractors, lenders, investors, wives, daughters, etc.
You spelled "criminal" wrong. @SenWarren
What odd timing for this comment.
Wait, you're indicating it's fine by you Comey has been fired while we're in the middle of Ru investigation that has implicated POTUS & VP?
And yet, he did, selectively, which sucked.  #aweman #Seeya
President should not be able to fire FBI director without some approval from separate committee approval
You're buying DT's b.s. justification? What a disappointment you are. Country is in peril & you're acting like business as usual. Shame
What? We know this piece and have for months what about #TRUMPrussia where are you????????
Yeah, but that's not why he was fired.
These days, it's harder than ever for people to resist the easy 15 minutes of fame you get by blabbing secrets.
Yes however are you buying this crock of ****?
What happened to sessions recusing himself from the Russian investigation? Yet he signed off on the firing. Bad hombre.
Welcome to the Animal Farm, fellow Americans! It is better to read it than to live it!
Yes but what a perfect opportunity for an opportunist by trade. Call for an Independent council
He put the last nail in the election coffin
The sky must falling because I actually agree with Elizabeth's tweet lol
That's ALL you have to say Warren ?
Don't bother to run for Pres in 2020 if that's all you see !!!
If she runs i will certainly VOTE FOR HER! MORRON!!!
You wanted #COMEY gone!
QUESTIONABLE??!! That is way too PC for what happened!!
STOP FALLING FOR TRUMP'S LIES, ENOUGH BS. FIRING COMEY BASED ON #RUSSIAGATE! DEMS/GOP MUST DEMAND INDEPENDENT COMMISSION OR PROSECUTOR, NOW!
He shouldn't have been fired for a incident that occurred 8 months ago. trump is feeling the heat. Shame on the DOJ for bing trumps patsy
Seriously? That's your statement?
Just an excuse to get rid of him. Things are getting too hot for WH
Nice try! Lol!
From hate to defense if suit fits.
He has made a few questionable decisions in the past.
COMEY will never tell the truth on trump because he helped trump illegally during the election by bringing up only Hillarys issue
Soooo you agree that he should be fired...
I had the impression that lately he was near to exploding with the effort of not talking.
You know how you shed your fraud label. By being consistent. Haven't heard you mention AG meeting with Clinton. The silence is deafening
How can Trump who is being investigated fire the head of the organization that is investigating him? Doesn't make any sense.
senators should not be on Twitter. You all have some serious work to do, don't be like @realDonaldTrump #getofftwitter #DoYourJob
Do you feel his firing is justifiable ?
As long as he can testify
Not clear on law, but how about the president? Should he be commenting?
True True
Please don't let them stop investigating! WE THE PEOPLE are calling on all @usdemocrats to stay focused on #TrumpRussia
Regardless this is still OUTRAGEOUS. Don't underestimate the outrage.
with respect, this had NOTHING to do with why Comey was fired. He was too close to the Trump dumpster fire.
Will justice be served?  Do the people run this country?
Regardless, Trump is leading a coup in an effort to block investigation. We need an independent prosecutor NOW!
We need a independent investigation.  I've lost total confidence that the White house. It's not a TV show Don
Let's be real, Trump is doing everything possible to obstruct #TrumpRussia investigation. We are becoming a banana republic!
And you know that isn't why he was fired. Stop normalizing the fascists, dammit! #Resist #Obstruct #FightBack #SaveTheRepublic #WeThePeople
Comey + Putin = Trump. He had to go but we need to make sure there is going  to be proper investigations!

 #TheWholeWordIsWatching
Senator stop tweeting and impeach Donald already
You said Comey and Trump were working together!
Liz, come on...  you think this arbitrary nazi bs is normal? sessions fired him Elizabeth... sessions...
Especially if comments only favor 1 candidate. Now, it's obvious FBI on verge of uncovering a big problem for DJT. Cover-up always gets 'em.
If Trump believed Comey should be fired b/c of mistakes he made months ago he should have fired him months ago not now
And guess the AG is looking over the records of the investigation right now.
pretty irrelevant statement at this time.
Well. That's a fricking disappointing tweet.
As your colleague said "No credibility" I don't no of others who echoed her thoughts. Some of you stayed quiet about Comey.
That's not why. Fuckface Von Clownstick is protecting himself. Dem/Rep need to get off their asses and stop him, or they'll be voted out.
So that gives the president the right to remove him while he is investigating him!
Who gets to appoint a special prosecutor?
You are right Sen. Warren. I felt he should have been let go on Jan. 21 and not sure why Trump decided to keep him around.
Which Comey was told by Loretta Lynch.
#draintheswamp
That is true but this is not what all this about! It has everything 2 do with Russia! Trump cheered when Comey spoke out about the emails
Go home.  You're drunk grandma.
