Get your sorry butt in gear and go to work! The mayor of Puerto Rico is a liberal propagandist! The people FL & TX got to work restoring
Excellent message for @realDonaldTrump "get your sorry butt in gear and go to work" not the mayor of Puerto Rico
Facts matter not political bullshit!
Exaxtly. The Fact is trump chose to ignore PR & now he cries like a little baby over his own pathetic actions.
Take your bullshit somewhere else.
Fact is @realDonaldTrump is on vacation playing golf while the mayor of San Juan is saving live & showing what true leadership is.
#TruthMatters
Remember the world watched this loser ignore PR. Ships & aid should have been on the way immediately not days & days later
Oh shut up. He's doing. You're not.
Actually he is not! What is wrong with you. People in dire need aren't good enough to be more concerned!?!
Your phony concern doesn't impress me. If fauxcahontas were actually DOING something, she wouldn't be issuing pithy letters.
She is worth $3.5 million, but all that she has the ability to do is write a letter.
He's golfing right now. She doesn't have control over the US military & it will cost a lot more than a tiny $3.5 million.
Meanwhile
General overseeing Puerto Rico response breaks with Trump: We don’t have enough troops or equipment http://hill.cm/XTLAfqg  
Big headline of the day, huh? You know what they say they need most? Truck drivers.
Troops can  drive trucks you know.
#TrumpHatesHispanics #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist Trump needs to pay back the $33mil he screwed Peurto Rico out of!
Hillary needs to pay back the $6 billion she stole from Haiti
Fake news! Go read some articles instead of spreading BS. There's one from the BBC dated November 2016.
You can't possibly believe that ppl supporting a corrupt admin actually inform themselves on facts
Which requires effort
Reading & research?
@SenWarren is worth $3.5million and all that she did is write a letter. 
Warren.. You need to get off the soap box of attention getting and let Trump alone. The situation is being handled. Your input is not needed
No, it is not "being handled", at least not by Trump.
Wrong...
Well. I believe the people on the ground in Puerto Rico before I believe some ass who blieves Trump.
"Mud"hooks.... That another name for dirty a**? Yeah  check the Governor's response. He's on the ground. Check other people actually there.
Shut up Pocahontas you and your ALT LEFT RADICAL pals are murderers of jobs race relations and the security of our Country. Grow up HRC LOST

YOU TELL EM, EXPERT @BETSY. YOU  KNOW ALL. WE NEED 2 TERM LIMITS IN FEDERAL ELECTIONS TO RELIEVE THE LIFERS ON CAP. HILL, TO DRAIN THE SWAMP
Building a bridge all the way to Puerto Rico should speed things up! Drill for gas to run elec.

@realDonaldTrump @FEMA
@DeptofDefense @NHC_Atlantic
Mayor SABOTAGING Relief Efforts Out of HATE
4@POTUS
…
You're jumping the gun. Since PF/USVI are being taken care of, the only reason to write the letter is to try to make yourselves look caring.

And what are you doing, skinning a buffalo, making a pair of moccasins?
Maybe they can vote blue? If you pay them enough!

#ThankYouKeurig
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#RoyMooreChildMolester
#FoxNewsisFakeNews
#FireHannity
#TrumpTaxScam
#Resist
#NRAmassacres
#fucktheNRA
#fuckwaynelapierre
@va_shiva for Senate!!!
@coreybooker is a racist, & you’re a liar!!
Notice:  The people who signed this uninformed hate baiting letter are all Democrats!!  Doing nothing themselves.

Yes they where are the republican concerning PR and the US virgen island they should treat PR like they did for Texas and Florida

Yesss! #BoycottNFL #BoycottNBA Hate the flag and the national anthem!!
Hi how are you
Hello
Can we count on you to make America whole?
2014 Obama vacationing after the beheading of James Foley. 2016 Obama playing golf during Louisiana flooding. Any comment?
Can we impeach him yet?
lol
Evacuate the entire island and rebuild it over time. Those displaced can go to SE states; GA, LA, MS, AL, SC, TN. Schools around country 1/2
Catch up Liz
U dufuss 

Catch up.....
Just wow
Supplies are @ San Juan port. It's a tiny island in the ocean & roads still impassable.
He should. He won't. He doesn't care. Pretty sure he & his base think the suffering & death of brown & black people is a great thing.

BOMBSHELL CLAIM: San Juan Mayor SABOTAGING Relief Efforts to Make Trump Look Bad – Truthfeed http://ow.ly/7pIb30fyjl3  #SundayMorning 
Dem Mayor Blocking Food for Distribution to Make Trump Look Bad
City Mayor Blocking Food!
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1320015924794123/ …
Pocahontas-- These letters and your phone calls are meaningless fluff. Why don't you DO something? Typical politician-- all talk, no action.
Didn't He Sign The Order On The 18th 1!!
When a 'leader' must be begged to care about citizens' lives:  Orwell's 1984, Germany's 1930s or Trump's term. IMPEACH & SAVE LIVES - PLEASE!
Oh Liz..
@POTUS and his behavior is truly shameful
Seriously. Please run for president.
.Ms Warren, fake outrage is false politicization of PR response. Much like your Native American claim was false.

JBSA is working w/ @fema to get much needed relief supplies to areas affected by #HurricaneMaria http://bit.ly/2hoCBqI  
Can Democrats call an emergency session?
Humans are not important to him , only LOYAL to putin and profit
Congress needs to step in and remove this man from destroying us all- it’s never too late to admit to their mistake.
A full investigation will be needed to analyze this administration's poor response.
For example, why was the hospital ship dispatched a day or two ago and not immediately after the hurricane passed?
Thank you, Senator!
I don't think Trump cares or realizes they're Anericans. They speak Spanish, have Hispanic surnames. Need I say more.
Dear Senators, Why not get off your butts and go to PR and VI. You don't get much done in DC.
LOL, keep running your mouth, no-one is listening.
Sorry Senator, the memo is tooooo long, there are no pictures or grafts & you didn't menton Fuckleberry Quim's name in each paragraph.
This is an intentional crime he should receive Capital Punishment or life in prison!
He needs to order the Army Corps of Engineers down there now to start helping these dying people. Is murder impeachable? Please?!
TY for sending this to Trump.While I watch the reporting from PR, I sit crying my eyes out that our country has helped more than our DT.Sad!
Lady, you need to shut up and stop being part of the problem.  Your lies don't fool people any longer.
bahaha.. you're a little late.. he was already moving on PR before your letter was ever written. Put that in your congressional record.

You are a liar Senator..

Donald Trump PERSONALLY owes Puerto Rico $33 Million or a Bond he stiffed them on for a Bankrupt Golf Course
I'll go to Puerto Rico and help for one condition they label me a Puerto Rican residence so I no longer have to pay federal income tax
@SenSanders @SenShumer Where are Dems?! Hold press conferences! March in streets! Defend Puerto Rican Mayor! Enough is enough!!

Lets get around the clock  #AirDropsinPuertoRico going. 
This is NOT how we "do it" down in Puerto Rico, Donald. #Despacito #DemasiadoLento #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
Focus on what's happen instead of you identify politics
When you are outraged over everything,  then nothing is outrageous
YOU LIE Warren. PR took money from citizens to upgrade infrastructure. YET DID NOTHING!


At this point you're lying is just a habitual response to anything that President Trump has to say.PR is getting help and you know it.
With all the tragedies in America @SenWarren that's the best you can do to bring unity?
Every American is 1 natural disaster away from ruin w/Trump & Republicans in power b/c GOP = Guard Our Privilege! #Resist #PuertoRicoRelief
fmr NOLA mayor Nagin-D now serving 10yrs in Fed Pen for laundering money before/after Katrina. smoke that up in your peace pipe, dizzy Lizzy
The democrats need a "for" policy not just an anti-45 policy. This maniac needs to go!  @SenWarren
What else do you want done? What have you done besides sign a piece of paper. You're a joke Liz!
He was so pre-occupied with NFL, that his attention didn't turn to Puerto Rico until Tuesday -- days after the hurricane.
Fauxca, you're still around?
The liar-in-chief, from his NJ GOLF RESORT, attacked San Juan Mayor with slew of vicious, racially contemptuous lies this morning.
Can't you impeach him for not helping American citizens??


They are getting help, as many from the island are attesting to. What're YOU doing, @SenWarren, besides stirring a witch's cauldron of hate?
lolwut? It's not her district. As soon as it became a national thing, she said something. And also..she's not the prez, has no power.
Really? Just like Obama did from the golf course?
The main thing we all need is @realDonaldTrump OUT OF THAT OFFICE. He didn't earn it, he stole it in the first place. GET HIM OUT.
I agree, but don't hold your breath.
Thank you
your political stunt is shameful!
You're a liar. The PR truckers are holding out for more $ and blocking movement of supplies. Libs are all alike
Nice, cry after the President has it under control.
He doesn't care. They are brown people who speak Spanish.
Part of the problem.. He just realized it's an island.. and islands are surrounded by water.. big water. He isn't completely ignoring though
Then approve money and get the rest of congress to do the same


His view include NO BROWN PERSONS
 Fewer live BROWN people the better in  his eyes.
You on the left who r corrupt better hope on the day of judgement u r spared! Sad what u r doing! Really sad!
What is your end game? The left knows this is a lie? So why do it? Discourage military? Why? HE HAS BEEN MOVING QUICKLY! #DrainTheSwamp

Specifically,  how can we respond more quickly?
He's too busy golfing (at taxpayer expense) to do anything else.
Yes. DT's response to the crisis and his recent demoralizing remarks to the mayor of PR are a national disgrace.
He doesn't care. It's a country of a race he hates.  Not sure why every government official isn't  doing everything to Impeach him! Help 
Dealing with trump is no different than dealing with Satan, good luck.
Use his authority? Thats rich. He's too busy golfing to give a shit about anyone but himself. Not white & wealthy doesn't get you far w/him.
Your a little late. Trump already has the military and national guard there
Trump CDS so it was turned over to a General let's see how that goes. Too bad Army not AF. AF has airplanes and choppers.
Shut up. Obama dragged his feet during sandy. You said nothing
You can only move so fast when there is no safe passage - stop the fear mongering
Thank you for remembering #USVI. Americans are suffering there too. Almost no media coverage.
Why only six signatures?  Why weeks after the event?  Major fail by the President and Congress.  Get it together peeps!
Cool, it's a crisis and you write a letter. Don't you guys have access or a "war room"?

so two of my classmates just asked  our professor if his shirt is missing a 2nd part. 
Heyy Linda! Looks like you qualify to own one for yourself 
We have that shirt here on our website   http://www.TshirtsPlaza.us/extrapolate.html …  

Less than $20! Limited pieces though.. 
Warren enjoy ur last year.....we wont mis u
His focus is AMERICA lady. Not some loser country in the middle of the ocean. Can't believe you are an elected official
What are you doing?
@SenSanders ?
@realDonaldTrump step & act like a president!PUERTORICANS are US citizens & you are a disgrace to our country;you are killing our people
I love this letter! Thanks, @SenWarren
If only everything was that simple, right? Its easy to drive from the backseat. No responsibility. Not saying there isn't a problem, though.
Senator, how do you have so much perspective?  And what are you personally doing to help or aid Puerto Rico?  I gave to Freetown.
He cant.  He is too busy golfing.
Then get off your ass and go help.  Oh wait... You didn't mean you right?  You meant someone else.
Hello millionaire, how much $$$ have you donated to PR?
this tweet'll probably light a fire under him 
You do not pay attention much do you. Oh that's right. It would blow up your agenda.
He's already sent so much aid to PR what are you guys bitching about?
Lol you got 6 followers quit talkin to yourself
I'm about to have five
Lol
Senator, fom 1 Oklahoman to another, I ask What is it that you do all day?  Best I can tell,  you obstruct, pass blame, and hold pressers.
Trumps big water, 4 hours from nyc, maybe 2 from his golf course in Florida,  Florida will b blue next election
I was always 4 statehood now maybe wrong idea, no Jones act, SOS Russia & China, Russian Warships in US backyard, will give respect 2 Putin
never waste a crisis.  Soon you'll be saying you "saved" Puerto Rico.
1800's United States said 2 PUERTO RICO "mine" ok "YOURs" fix or let it go island can do better, PR  millions leasing 2 Russian Warships
I don't understand why all the silence from Saun PENN, Obama, Berrnie Sanders, Babba and Hillary, GW Bush, on PUERTO RICO u guy's can talk
can "adopt a family" providing financial aide for 2017-18 school yr. During resettlement they can get help from feds & charities. We R-1 2/2
Did not suggest FL...(unless they already have family there)...so not overburden FL also recovering from severe hurricane impacts there.
We can handle it in florida....we have the largest puerto rican population of any mainland state...n we love our fellow citizens..
N we have a gov who is very empathic to prs plight...he will help...hell he should be in charge of fema..
Glad MA sent 6 ppl who aren't just bodies, but experts in comm. Comm. seems 2 B a huge part of trouble. BUT. Is there any way 2 EVACUATE PR?
Impeach Dotard Trump!
3/I have respect for Pitbull and Mark Cuban who used their planes to bring rescue supplies.  Trump wants everyone focused on NFL, not PR
2/now that the optics are horrendous, he may do something.  His generals COS Kelly are atrocious for not advising him to do anything.
1/Trump doesn't give a shit abt anyone but himself.  Most Americans think they aren't even citizens and he has the narrative in NFL/flag
Squirrely Elizabeth, aren't you supposed to be out collecting nuts this time of year?
DON'T YOU WATCH THE NEWS? HE BEGAN BEFORE THE HURRICANE HIT P.R. STOP TRYING TO TEAR HIM DOWN AND WORK WITH HIM OR YOU'LL BE OUT!!!
the problem is Trump doesn't care about brown people
Hey Dotard.. read this
Disgusting how @TheDemocrats made this a political issue. #PuertoRico knows better. Shameful @SenWarren #Pochahontas #NastyWoman
@POTUS busy golfing...please don't bother Golfer in Chief
Aren’t you worth like 3.5 million? What are you actually doing to help? I see the bitching but you’re not exactly taking action, are you?
thank you for the help we need more voices..
I don't see Liz doing anything! Since she has time to write letters, why doesn't SHE go down there. Just one more attempt to grandstand... at the expense of those suffering.
#Hypocrite #MAGA
Please do something!!! Feel so helpless for PR!  What can we do to get appropriate admin response?!
Where are you tweeting from!
He won't because he doesn't care! He doesn't have the capacity to care.
Well that is why you're a politician and never handled a crisis like real emergency personnel. You don't have a clue
Please take him out. Impeachment, prison, ANYTHING!
could of done like TX,FLA PUT people in place,instead of depending totally on POTUS.DON'T blame him,FYI FROM ISL
Can't Trump be charged with Crimes Against Humanity?
OMG,POTUS can't do nothing right in your BLENDED EYES!! PR & VI do have OWN local government, knew hit coming...
No one listens to u because u repeat urself and sound like a nagging witch.
I'm sure he'll get right on this as soon as he finishes golfing this weekend. He won't let a humanitarian crisis get in the way of his game.
Does he have the authority to send you to do anything maybe take a photo op handing someone your half filled vitamin water bottle
Sen. Warren. Please get both sides of the isle to hold #Trump to the 3M pledge & to send it now. #PuertoRico
The Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes. 
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trumps-inaugural-committee-to-give-3-million-donation-towards-hurricane-relief/article/2635882 …
Glad to follow u
He just doesn't get it!
DON'T YOU PEOPLE REALIZE @SenWarren is Using ALL OF THIS as a Political Tool..You're just a Pawn to her..Good Photo Op 4 HER THOUGH.!
They do not want to be a state, why should they be called Americans?
So you're not going down to help them pass water & food,clean up mud and debris,pump some gas? Nahh..But you'd jump on a Photo OP wont'cha
No should use his power to immediately deport all illegal immigrants and put Congress on on obamacare with no government paid premiums
@MassGovernor has sent only 6 ppl of the National Guard to #PR #Senator. Can u pls help us convince him our state should b more responsive.
https://www.mass.gov/news/baker-polito-administration-announces-mobilization-of-massachusetts-national-guard-to-puerto …
Happened days ago...
