This is horrible
The horror is how the Democrats are destroying our children's and grandchildren's futures.
Not Democrats, the rep Pres
Obama spent more than all other presidents combined. Any word on how that will affect our children???
Obama did not take away from our children & our teachers
No. He gave too much. Self realiance needs to come back to America. Self worth is invaluable.
Really? So gutting the education system and make it harder for students to pay back their loans is gonna bring this back?
Don't get a degree in liberal arts for 60k in loan debt and maybe they can get a job.  Responsibility look it up.
Right Pocahontas. That budget is a result of Obama.
You mean Trump's inability to plan adequately? the lack of intelligence and qualifications in the office at the moment. the incessant lies?
You are clueless.
Says the person who blindly supports a man who has none of your interests at heart, but please do tell me more...
Only person who is blind is the one who thinks we can keep spending money we don't have.  Get a clue.
Do you want to be referred to as "Warren"? Show some #respect, senator. That's the president. That's the secretary of ed #sinkingdemocrats
She's awful! Too many handouts. I don't want my grandkids paying for dems selfishness
Dems selfishness? They want education for all not just the rich. That doesn't sound selfish.
You're right. It doesn't SOUND selfish. So you should READ and research. Left to right is generally how it goes. Good luck sweetie.
Increasing spending on public education reduces crime, reduces entitlements, increases health, boosts the economy: http://www.elc-pa.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/BestInvestment_Full_Report_6.27.11.pdf …
I be read through your suggested reading. I agree with it 100%. Can uplease show me where the suggested tax reform is eliminating public ed?
You sure you read left to right?
So clever. Hey @JennDeGruchy I got some laundry u can do if u wanna keep sniffing around my feed trolling. Might as well make urself useful
Trump will cripple the education system & prevent gifted but underprivileged young people from making America great.
This budget is an assault to education & the young people who represent the future of the country. He thinks only the rich can be educated.
This narrow minded SOB & brain dead DeVos, will sacrifice the kids of the people who voted for him.
It's not a sacrifice. It's intentional. Only stupid people voted for GOP & Trump.
You come off as one of the most genuine people ever , refreshing and inspirational in a time when almost every politician is a stooge!
IDIOT!
You & dem out of touch with people US media attacks TRUMP they are attacking millions TRUMP supporters we are fighting for back 2018 vote
GOPis out to destroy her. She needs our help to keep fighting &keep her seat.
Senator, Your collusion with @Bernie Sanders has lowered my opinion of you a lot. You're going to have to show more than just words
We love you Elizabeth Warren! You're so smart and savvy and no-nonsense, telling it like it is! Please run for President in 2020!
Facts not fiction!!! Lying and misrepresentation seems to be your only mode of action!!! How is that working out for you?
All you do is talk(well rant really). Any sustainable solutions & realistic plans to fund everything? What's that? "No"? That's about right
They are the " Bad Hombres" now
I've always admired your passion @SenWarren please keep fighting for REAL PROGRESSIVE CHANGE and you will have millions of us behind you!
More. Lies !
#Trump is Killing #America.
Beyond sad!!  Can't believe the cuts they want to make & pocket the $.  They should use it 2 fund free lunches now since they have the $.
You need a Valium the size of a hockey puck granny
Impeachment should make these nightmares go away.
Democrats are trying to spend away your grandchildren's future.  Don't you care at all?
Without education for everyone - what future for your grandchildren do you envision ?  And you call yourself conservative! #pfffth *sigh*
when government gets out of public education, we will finally have an educated public.
Like your homeschooling? No thanks,
If, I could have Kids, I would home school them. They would be able read, write, preform Calculus mathematics, know the history of our ...
country and world, they would also be able to weld and pass certification tests, repair their cars from oil change to rebuilding engines,...
Utopia! would be the name of the school. Now go have the kids.
Maybe you can smoke a peace  pipe with them and figure things out.
Don't let it pass then ...
This budget must be rejected in its entirety. It is an attack on democracy aiming to shred social cohesion, health, education & environment.
every time a democrat talks about making college "affordable" it's all about making it easier to get into debt. no talk of lowering tuition
Oh, Elizabeth Honey; its an assault on the TAKERS who produce nothing and expect PRODUCERS to GIVE them all of life's luxuries.  #MAGA
...and especially an "all-out assault" on Trump voters.
Does anyone care what this woman has to say?
Anyone with a child who needs to be educated, so I'd say a few million. 
I do. Very much so.
The assault came with common core!!  How do you get .20 change from correct amount paid?  Our kids are lost when it comes to TRUE education!
Common core is a nightmare but taking education away and programs from kids isn't the answer
I totally agree however we need to get back to basics.  If they use common core they probably have the wrong amount.
My daughter is a senior and wasn't taught with common core. She excels in stem classes and is studying engineering  in college next.
Yea for her and you!!!! We have put way too many education choices in the basic education system that the prices have risen dramatically
Our current education system has let all of us and our children's future down! Educators should be ashamed of yourselves!
Boo hoo-you dems for years have spent us into oblivion(w/some help from idiot reps) Now we have Trump spending a little cash to fix UR mess!
Who ever is happy w/D education system as it is today has to be out of his mind
The poor are going to get "poor" jobs or no jobs, while the rich get tax cuts. Unbelievable.
Trump's real motto: Prosperity For One
C'mon, Elizabeth, you make it sound like it's deliberate, as if someone in the Badministration could make a profit coughdevoscoughcough
?4 all, so if u bring in 8k a mth and u spend 9k, how do budget? What w/u cut?
This is all the politicians 2 blame.
Hyperbole much?
#fauxcahontas u gonna give up ur $6 figure salary to fund a scholarship?
What's the TOTAL we spend on education and what percent is 11B of that?
You're a socialist. Go away, Warren.
Hey Maude, give it a rest! You're irrelevant & useless.
I don't know how my motivated, kid will be able to make it through grad school. Students that work hard to succeed should be encouraged.
I believe u meant Obama's budget, right, where kids were rewarded based on factors other than merit.
Hey there Pocahontas, you're steadily losing your grip on reality, and it's so funny. Enjoy the reservation.
@POTUS is NOT assaulting anyone! Tone down your hateful rhetoric @SenWarren . Denounce #TheResistance that promotes violence.
#Scalise
no..it's assult on your parties attempt to force a single payer health systems by expanding Medicaid. Calif forcing masses into Medicaid.
Live in Calif & forced out of my health insur into covered California & they tried to force me into medicare b/c I am retired and not yet 65
Live in Cali too no problem with Medicaid. Look Thomas, I'm one of the sick who will DI, without expansion. That's ok with you?
Why with democrats everything going to kill people and granny pushed off clift? Your scare tactics don't work on working American people.
Oh my: Gutting our heart, soul & future. Hard to imagine Republicans ever being elected again. Never Forget-Never Elect! @GOP #maga
Until Gianforte today! 

We need 2 Up Americans' Appreciation 4 Proper Behaviors & Consideration 2 attain a "Higher" Degree of Propriety.
All this is going to do is send people who want to be engineers and scientists to study abroad, and we will loose a good portion of our
Workforce. Then we will have a bunch of positions open by nobody smart enough to qualify for them. I could see that as a scenario. So
There are currently 5 million open jobs in th US. Dems wanted retrain coal minors to help fill these high tech jobs but fuck it apparently
The super wealthy, corporations own the WH, and Congress. It's the ugly reality. This is capitalism at its finest.
This makes me furious. And the comments trying to support or for the argument of it, it's frightening!
I been writing?
Can't believe the comments against what she is saying I work in public schools. How is cutting PE, art and other programs good for our kids?
School always threaten PE and art. Don't see them threaten ball games or football. I worked in the school system also. Loads of waste there.
You fund your activism with our children's debt.
Don't even talk about education.
Expert advice on how to identify and apply for grants with http://bit.ly/2t3AaxC 
Thank you for speaking out about their total lack of respect for education, educators, parents, and most of all, our children.
Fact that some are backing Trump and Devos's budget after hearing the things that would be cut is Vile! What kind of person would back this?
I'd like for our future disgraced president to see the children from whom he is taking benefits &education and medical care. He won't care
And the arts, food stamps, most programs for poor and medical research No compassion, no intelligence, US will not grow with this budget
You can’t reason w Trolls. You can’t be logical w a Trumper and you can’t expect to be heard above the Hater’s confusion. Hang a quick left.
Good video but Warren your acting like Trump & DeVos r putting the $ in there pocket Noooo it's going else where 2 bttr our country
try looking again
Who is responsible for the interest rates on student loans ?
republicans who let the lower rates expire as a gift to banks.
Republican just took control of government in decades, yet 100 days in2 control blame them 4 absolutely everything they've not had hands on?
hasn’t been decades. Had it under Bush. They exploded the deficit.
Yeah but bush by no means had puppets as Obama did.
Cuts have to come. It's always going to hurt. I have to budget my household. It's about time someone budgets federal govt.
Except this isn't budgeting. This takes $ frm children and educators 2 pay 4 rich people 2 get vouchers 4 sending their kids 2 prvte school.
Again, your area of interest. All 4 good ed, but then we have our college elite disrespecting speakers. Shameful... cuts have to be made!!!
Why is is wrong to protest a speaker who is destroying the community and a school that you most likely came from?stealing opportunities
What happened to common courtesy?
What about common decency?She is removing funding from institutions that already struggle.Only to give opportunities 2 ones who "deserve it"
Who is responsible for the cost of  public education being controlled by teachers unions ?
All those rich teachers!
You & rest of @TheDemocrats need to block everything until #TrumpRussiaCoverUp & #TrumpRussiaInvestigation is completed. Period.
It's an assault on everyone...
Time for a "Pro True Majority March" on Washington D.C.
Someone organize it and I will be there. 
Peace brothers and sisters!
chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga chunga
typical "sky is falling" rant from the overpaid fake indian.
Don't overlook #SSDI cut
REPREHENSIBLE!!!
They want only the kids of the rich to be able to afford an education.Keep the riffraff poor and dumb so they have to work for peanuts.
@RepDuncanHunter act 4 constituents!The people in the back country that can't afford college and need the help! We'll remember next election
goverment waste and some worth saving at this point you need to cut them all out and build back sensible programs, not time for a remodel...
It is an assault on humanity.
Thanks for consistently speaking up on behalf of those whose voices are rarely heard but who understand consequences of a lack of education.
I have a defaulted student loan that I'm too poor to pay off, so I think this 'budget' is totally out of line...
Under dem control, School educators weretold,spend every penny+ in allotted budget or you might find yourself without a job. Raising T cost
Oh no not the kids.  Pocahontas you really need to get something new
A country with a lack of education does not have a future. A country that promotes knowledge and learning becomes successful. Its simple

This is deplorable if it's true. What the hell are these college students that come from nothing supposed to do! Trump is a monster!!
I am 60 yo Special Educator. Started career late in life. Wanted to give back. Have 6 figure student loan balance. I am so screwed. 
Time for the Perkins Grant to step up. Tiered of paying 4 lib arts degrees that result in working at Starbucks.
Obama's budget?  Spent more than all other presidents combined...??? Where were you then? Crickets
Because policies of the left have worked so well in the past right? #2 in spending, and where are we on test scores? More $ isnt the problem
Then too many kids that borrow r not responsible & default bc parents indulged them. Some parents stuck bc of kids defaulting
@DarrellIssa you better believe that if you vote in favor of this you're NEVER going to be in your cushy D.C. Office again!
Socialism is the greatest threat of all.
Absolutely! He cares about none of these.
Cut govt spending 200% and lives will stop being ruined...
You did nothing for student loans  you actually do nothing except TTM.  TALK TOO. MUCH
Devise should have NEVER been confirmed and yet Pence confirmed the Republicans do not listen! Trump not my president yet he is in 1600
Are you going to take the Ancestry DNA test?
Why don't you go back to yout classroom?
This plan is complete shit. Do they honestly believe that this budget is good?
I'm glad to see that you're at least not talking about the Russians today. cc: @realDonaldTrump
So, the student loan my husband and I still pay $245 a month for from 10 years ago is Trumps fault too I bet.
Does it also attack Native Americans?
Repugs won't listen to their constituencies. They cheat to stay in office (gerrymandering, suppression, etc) & our voices make no difference
Nope. More important right now for her to fight the GOP in Congress, instead of a three-year campaign that would further distract the press
Hey, I've been a #BetsyBro for a long time.
Well I say a loud resounding NO to these pub budget cuts. I'm angry now that they could do this to our children and our teachers!
Flat Out Lies! 1) Presidential Budgets are suggestions 2) A slow down in the growth of spending is declared a "cut" in DC political speak
You conservatives are so arrogant you won't retain power for long Your emperor won't rule forever
The Trump Plan: Gut public education funding so the poor remain poor & the rich remain rich. Trump supporters, wake up.
The rich getting richer off the backs of the middle class and the poor. Do you expect anything less from the GOP?
WHERE IS THE MONEY COMING FROM TO PAY FOR ALL OF THIS.

To keep this in perspective, good people will suffer and die so that corrupt billionaires can increase their obscene wealth via tax cuts.
Children r dead cuz ppl like you lie to us about the religion of peace.
OMG...Please stop them!!! There are days when I think you are the only hope for sanity in DC.
God I pray that this budget fails, for the destruction it will cause!
LIAR!!!!!!
Where are the good trolls? Are they off tonight? These ones are weak. I expect better.
AND the earth. Don't forget Mother Earth.
@Lawrence @maddow Teaching is the only profession that creates other professions #SupportPublicSchools #NoToDeVosTrumpBudget
Maybe all the go along  should actually listen to Betsey devo directly, instead of another'snegative interpretation
Once Saudi arabia is on your side, you are guaranteed another presidency victory they have so much power,prestiges and influence.
Says you
Thank you Senator. Donthecon is going down.
Trumps legacy;
Collusion
Lying
Interfering w/Feds
Bullying
Incompetence
Abuse of power
Nepotism
No, it is not "all about numbers" - more than anything it's about VALUES and here Trump&Co show their true colors for sure! #TheResistance
@xolibbzz @Frustraited
And Impact Aid one of the oldest programs that helps schools that serve military dependent children!
YOU ARE ALL BEING SERIOUSLY ABUSED EVERY DAY AND NO ONE WANTS TO HELP YOU. MAYBE YOU AREN'T EVEN AWARE OF THAT. ARE YOU?
Congress need to stand up 2. we here are fighting but 45 flunkys dont see
It's also assault on those who are trying very hard but make little money who need and depend on some kind of gov help each month.
Get'em Warren!
Don't forget disabled and sick.
Yes. But it serves it's purpose.... to make Mr Breaking Bad 2.0 richer....
You don't give up?!, every day you find a false story to spoil our energy, you r representing people, find something benefit to them.
You're a true leader with empathy @SenWarren
Art.
Plus old, disabled & poor! So pretty much everyone in USA.
We need YOU to run.  YOU and Bernie are our only salvation.
Thank you for the heads up!! #indivisible groups and others will fight this! 
Well, students can do like YOU DID...say they are Indian. How about that budget @TheDemocrats passed rewarding VA for vets dying on lists?
It's actually against the 99% of the population NOT wealthy.
Maybe you can vote to lower student loans rates that are set via Obamacare
Does she ever shut up?? It's diaria coming out of her mouth.   She's for rape and abortion she has no leg to stand on.
This is hilarious. I would expect this kind of extremism from one of our politicians in Africa
You'll never say how much is enough. What did you earn at Haavaad. My guess is you taught 1 class and made a 1/4 mil. You should be ashamed
Many negative comments are trolls.  Don't not engage with them.  Must be ignored.
Where will the money for these programs come from? Just keep printing it? The 1%ers? No matter how much the gov takes,they always need more.
Please join @OurRevolution 
Don't waist a minute
You good Democrats and the DNC should have let your primary play out. You may have gotten a candidate that could pull your party together.
Let's just call it what it is. They don't want poor people to educate their children.
Alarmist Dingbat
She is absolutely right - dead-on right.
Balanced Budget Pocahontas get people off the government tit. Personal responsibility works for everyone
This says that we who pay for the welfare state are tired of paying for the welfare state!!
Just so outrageous! Public Education vs. Trump/Devos!
You should only see how bad you look to the American people.
Yes! Than you! We already are asked to do so much with so little resources. Thank you from public school teachers.
PLEASE GO AWAY!   #DumpWarren
Awful. Shame. Shame. Shame. Let us all get up and do something!
this is not pro-life
Senator Phony: Same old democratic tripe when budgets are cut. Its always kids, teachers, etc but you forgot about denying women's rights.
Please Elizabeth, free us! It's so sad that this man and his sycophants seem to have so much hate for the general public.
VOTE THEM OUT
EW we are sick & tired of your doom & gloom.  You are a resister, obstructionist, liar, complainer, plagerist and whiner!
NO TO WARREN.

NO #Pocahontas . It's about being fiscally responsible . Something u #libtards know nothing about. Now pack my peace pipe squaw
the less educated are more likely to vote right wing easily manipulated
Our power was sending Trump to Washington. 

You continue to not get it.
This the kind of thing the "Russia story" is distracting us from. Trump & GOP are destroying the country.
Warren lied about being Native American to jump the line for a 500,000 teaching job.  She is a disgrace and hypocrite.
Oh come on lizzy stop lying
Thank you Sen.Warren.

...and people with genetic chronic illnesses like #SickleCell #sicklecell!
Go Away you Lying Biased Gvmt
@VanHollenForMD @BenCardinforMD 
I'm sure you've already seen this but in case you haven't. As a MD resident I say this is not acceptable!
Capitalism is the cause for our problems. Politicians: the backbone of capitalist tyranny. You can't reform exploitation to make it 'nice'
This budget, if passed, will be one of the worst things to happen to me and my family That's not hyperbole. 200,000. SLD
I can never pay off
Under Constitution, DeptEd should set standards, collect & pub stats, fund research, not lend $ 2 stdnts or enforce "laws" outside courts.
Trump cabal, including SCAMWAY Betsy DeVos are on their way out of government. One way group discount to Federal Penitentiary. #Revote2016
Sen Warren U are not useful, U do not represent, U are Obstructionist. Dems lose with U. Focus on positive like Trump, Winner!!
Yay, Senator Warren!! Vote we will!!!
What part of $20trillion debt that you can't figure out senator?
You do realize all the money they are cutting is going to the Military right?
Well, that, and into the pockets of people like DeVos & Trump.
