Nah, Nah, Nah Putin already beat you. Hilary is out; Trump is in. So much for the US free elections. It's the media stupid.
That's because Republicans know how to act at Democrats meeting.  See how nasty and disruptive demo are at Republican town halls?
So you checked their voter's registration cards at these halls, huh?
No need.  Soros didn't pay any protestors for Warrens meeting.  She's wacko like him.
Do you know there's wackos on BOTH sides? Yeah, Republicans know how to act at town halls, stop making me laugh
we are having problems getting assistance from your Boston team.
Warren, you owe President Trump an apology for complicity in carrying forward this blatant lie and for your continued obstructionist career!
Thank you please keep pressuring for independent prosecutor
I am  94 my sister 101 yrs old. Trump is the least capable. worst, egotisticle and mentally unfit to be president. That we have seen.
Elizabet. U met  Nancy " wonder woman; in Ware As her dad My family  hopes U become President. Keep telling Trump he is a disgrace to USA
Why? Did they all agree with your Looney tunes ideas?
Elizabeth is symptomatic of the problems facing the nation. She bends justice to fit her political agenda. She is morally bankrupt & a liar.
She is a phony Pocahontas!!
Hi Sen!! Will you be in Worcester for a meeting?? I would love to meet you and get reassurance that president will be impeached!
There is no chance President Trump will be impeached. You liberals are drinking too much kool-aid.
A girl can dream right? No 4real he got u brainwashed... I bet u only watch Fox News?? Lol

Trump has said he was a Christian but his lying cheating on wives and contractors and his pussy grabbing days probably negate that claim!
Who even knows if he's American?  Sure doesn't act like one.
Who dat...,
They are so lucky to have you!
Did you toss out anyone that had an opinion different than yours like Nancy Pelosi did?? Bleeding heart libs are the death of American
Warren/Yates 2020
HYSTERICAL!!! Omg never!!!
So nice that you actually have town halls, senator. Can PA borrow you? Our congressman Marino and senator Toomey have been missing.
NO YOU DIDNT.IT WAS ATTACKING TRUMP DAY!thats all you have.no message.no nothing!ITS SAD!
For those wondering why it was so orderly, apparently not voting to kick constituents off healthcare inclines them less to scream at you.
No, not having paid rioters there makes it more orderly. Every time
I know it's easier to baselessly whine about paid protesters than admit it's your fault they're angry but don't put that bullshit in my feed
The "No BS in my feed" ship sailed long ago Mr fedora. It's not a baseless claim. More than a few paid rioters have admitted as much.
The reason it's so calm in there is that those that were there were bussed in from the deaf/mute homes in the area.
Amazing you managed to be disrespectful to those with disabilities, unfunny, and sound like you're from the 1950s all in one tweet. 
But since they can't see my tweet they will never know will they?
You mean that deaf people can't see tweets? Or people from the 1950s?
Hundreds? Think you might need to recount your crowd size.
Who in Wash. can subpeana Trumps taxes. ? Tell us who he is,We will tell he will not be re elected for being a  coward and unAmerican
#LockThemUp
Foto 1 > 3 million votes is alot of votes
Foto 2 > the current most wanted investigation is #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Libsheep crack me up, you can't believe hrc lost & you can't believe there's nothing to PresTrump & Russia. We keep winning you keep losing.
Alternative facts. 
And really no need for name calling. I didn't mention blindly following a pathological liar in responding to you.
I just thank God every day, that the Criminal isn't in the Whitehouse. I know for sure that Trump's not perfect, but she should be in jail.
Go bake a cake!
Shame the libs can't give the same courtesy to the Republicans. When are you going to condemn their behavior? Oh wait............
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
Damn,,,shes as bright as a 2watt lite bulb !!
"Warren" in Hopi Indian means "woman with man's face"!
really....bipartisan?
Nice of you to get the tribe all together, oops sorry
Shut down berkely now
Were u there representing your Indian heritage?
Why aren't they screaming at you about ocare?
While you pay/stack repub town halls. Won't forget. Hypocrite
You forget about the crooked obama justice department?
Keep fighting the good fight!
You say no one is above the law. What happened to Hillary Rodham Clinton
Democrats will see even a greater loss in 2018 at the hands of republicans and libertarians because their hearts are black with hatred!
I hope people listen to the big picture @SenWarren is trying to illustrate. I added this candid graph of how financial deregulaton hurts us.
Nothing you do is bipartisan or smart @SenWarren. You're an embarrassing plight on our political system #liar #hypocrite #nutcase #hack
omg those poor misguided people
Voters appreciate the active faith you show in representative and engaged democracy. Congrats on your new book, "This Fight Is Our Fight."
Why won't you meet with Mass. Small business owners? We also have serious concerns.
ware is filled with crackheads
Keep up the good work Senator Warren.
SAD PART IS MOST OF politicians in Washington. Are paid out by the fossil fuel industry.
SO LETS POISON ARE AIR WITH FOSSLE FUEL.AND SUFFOCATE ARE CHILDREN WITH C02 SELF INDUCED TOXIC GASES SUCH AS OIL FOSSLE FUEL GAS.
#fakeIndian
PLEASE run for president in 2020! We need YOU to be our first female president!!
I just can't help myself, but bipartisan out of your mouth . You're fooling no one but other fools!
Fiddling while Rome burns. Need more from you EW! #equalitynow #breakupthebanks #KatyPerry
Bipartisan? You actually managed to find some Rs in the Pioneer Valley?? That's hard to do!
Bipartisan?? What you had communists and liberal hacks like yourself??  Congrats
Thank you for meeting with your constituents. Our coward of a senator sneaks into the state so we don't know he's here. Right .@marcorubio?!
Any group of people in a room to see you would be know of those things. @SenWarren your days are numbered as a senator
That's because their all morons yo sit n listen to your bull
Yes you did because the issues you support and the messages you voice are for the people!! I love America bc of leaders like you!
You are Voted OUT in 2018!
Does the "rule of law" include people who misrepresent their race or national orgin by getting a job ment 4 a minority by lieing to get job?
you're worth 8 mil. Don't see you spreading the wealth. Don't see any illegal immigrants and refugees in your hood liar
Just Curious; if it was packed, were the empty seats for people using the rest room when the photo was taken?? Take a close look.
Looks like a room full of brainwashed sheep to me. I bet no one in that room could change a flat tire. Haha! 
@SenWarren, maybe you can get the Democratic party to wake up to the need for change. Please work with Bernie Sanders on this!
@SenWarren calls the opposing party obstructionists while she and her cronies resist anything and everything. Defines the word hypocrite...
Please run for PRESIDENT you will get pounded.Nothing better then seeing a democrart losing.
It seems all of trumps craziness and there seems plenty of his treasonous action but he goes on and on   when is something going to be done
While others have town halls from hell, @SenWarren has a positive experience. Its called integrity.
@SenWarren is a nut job that only hurts her failed Democrat Party. Seriously who takes this quack seriously? All whine with no good ideas.
That's because conservatives who don't share your view aren't bussed in for the sole purpose of shouting you down. 
Not possible to be smart or thoughtful with you in the room. #liemore
Where you NASTY to all the non Liberals there?
Talk and listen.  How refreshing.  Next step: stop the #BetsyDeVospayraise
I see lots of empty seat 
Pocahontas did you talk about how well things are going in socialist Venezuela
Lizzy, hundreds of people? you are losing your audience numbers. They see your lack of a message
Don't be duped by her stupidity, are you really that gullible that you can't see through?
No one is above the law...EXCEPT....those who push along your agenda.
Bipartisan is a misnomer or yet another lie? When can we expect you to accomplish something in the Senate?
Thank you for doing your job & talking to & protecting your constituents & all Americans.
Sure in Massachusetts bipartisan means 95 Democrats and 5 Republicans. Real bipartisan. Thoughtful because they agree but not so smart!
Where is your outrage at the illegal acts of Hillary your front candidate? How can citizens trust your party when you don't police your own?
I doubt anyone in the hall was Bipartisan, I bet 95% of them vote Democrat at 75% of them got lost on the way home
paid to show up with all the best from bridgewater state hospital or maybe the sex place
Hey #pocahontas did you invite your #WallStreet #globalist #banker buddies to the #powwow
Would u please find a way to establish that town hall attendees are bipartisan b/c GOP believes that ppl yelling at them are all Democrats
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
Love you 
Thank you Elizabeth Warren but, we need the Democrats to pay attention to the Republicans who are working on suppressing the votes in 2018

Yes, but the Democratic party has to unite and get all people,specially young college students registered to vote!!
What does it take to IMPEACH the president? Seriously.

Honestly, Senate Dems should be willing to grind Congress to halt until conditions on this & Special Prosecutor are met. It's that important https://twitter.com/Susan_Hennessey/status/863446989652058113 …
If you have to tell us it was bipartisan, pardon me while I dump all my doubt on you.
I pray to Jesus Christ our Lord & Savior that people in your state wake up and DON'T VOTE YOU BACK IN. Find a hole & crawl in ms dementia!
Just resign
I bet they were civil & interested what u had to say.  The GOP'ers have not faired so well, but then they should not, the Ppl hate bullshit.
All this nut case wants is your money.
Elizabeth Warren is a crook. A crooked politician!
#DonaldJTrump
#MikePence
#PresidentTrumpCravesLoyalty
You are divisive. Too political at the wrong time. Incorrect with your alt-facts.  Hair brained and way too out of touch with the populous
Ms Warren we need to enact the 25 amendment section 4 of the constitution to get rid of this moron in the white house .
Because Republicans aren't barbarians.
Where the heck is Ware?


Definitely

If anyone can get him out - it's you.  First Person who gets him out becomes next President.
C'mon!!!!  Get Trump out of office.
You have a mouth brains and u rocked re CEO abuse
Go get 1
Everyone knows we need sp
Stop yelling and do do do
Your getting short changed
Ur biggest hero is now taking money from wall st at 400k a pop u squirming in ur seat for taking a lot of money and plus 60 mil book deal ?
Did you wear the ceremonial headdress......????
U just as crooked as the swamp is. Trying to fill your pockets before you retire. Shame on you!
Yeah right bipartisan whatever
Quite a few empty seats. Your supporters are all heckling the opposition.
Senator Warren definitely has class.
Look no paid protesters...
Nice
Elizabeth Warren should be President!  She is educated, bright, careful, and cares about our country.... SO unlike our Fake President!
And they look well mannered. Surely because YOU haven't disappointed them!
I workedfor your last campaign + all who wouldn't vote for you cited your "lies re:Indian heritage." Please address this!!
The ppl talking shit about the Dems, Obama, Clinton &the rest r jealous of a competent leader. Theyre also the reason we need a button!
There is nothing bipartisan about you, Pocahontas
No packed would mean the lines are long in Massachusetts when we come to vote you out. That will be smart, thoughtful, bipartisan and packed
You should share a strait jacket with Maxine waters. You belong in your tee pee making like an indian
Did you bust out your peace pipe?
Look at the empty seats. It would have been filled if President Trump had been there
Was this before or after encouraging alcohol abuse to college graduates?
Elizabeth, i see dozens of seats filled as well as many empty seats!
Your are right no one is above the LAW..remember that when Hillary goes to jail.. you need to be investigated also ..Indian my ass
Way to go EW! EW for President 2020!
Pocahontas picked the crowd
Exactly what we need Bipartisan town halls - great job Senator
Yeah, great job of patting herself on the back.  Now let's see some transcripts so we know what actually happened.
I'm sorry you're having such a bad day!
yeah only at Republican town hall meetings theres agitators? how much did you pay these people? or George soros the antiamerican commie?
bipartisan.....bahahahahahahaha, your laughable
Hundreds huh hmm
You are awesome for answering questions.
Did CNN give them 2 her ahead of time
