since when is your party about morals?
this from the most morally correct person in Congress... huh Pocahontas???
Looks like your words fell on deaf ears again Pocahontas's just saw Devos was confirmed Thank you Harry Reid
You're going to vote no on everything, sweetie. You're an obstructionist and a cultural Marxist. @realDonaldTrump
r
and let me guess, it fell on def, energy industry backed ears? But THX for trying!
Well said Senator Warren! Thank you for bringing common sense to this unbelievable time that we live in
Appreciate your great work however why vote YEA on Mattis, Haley? Sad! Please resist Trump 100%.

Why don't you save time and and record no and have a colleague play it for every Vote Work smart Elizabeth
Thank you for speaking out so loudly and clearly!
u r earning ur pay.
:fight hard fight with everything you can to stop this lunacy! Impeach this threat to our constitution
It's over... you lost
CORRECTION: We ALL lost.
What is going on in Congress? Do we need to drug test all the members?
check their campaign donors. It'll make more sense then.
Accomplishing nothing.
ur flavor of the day. Remember 50% of the country soon to be more will shock you more than Hillary losing
YOU are a HYPOCRITE!
BUT YOU VOTED FOR THE IRAN DEAL!
Im embarrassed to be a Registered Democrat.  I no longer recognize it !!
I was in the same boat. Then I actually listens.. Trump told the truth 100% trust
Isn't that what @barackobama615  did! You should know! You were there! You are a fool! Be head!
Hear ye, hear ye!
WARREN IS SUCH A TURD
Elizabeth, you are wonderful!   Go get 'em!!

I have here the phone list of Trump's businesses around the world. I am also proposing three fronts to fight Trump: 1/ 
Go after Owen Loan You could be a real Tiger on that Google what they continue to do to homeowners!!!!!!!
#Iwillbuyelectriccar Down with EXXON. Exxon should be ashamed. Money over ETHICAL business practice.
morally bankrupt? Please senator, you gave your pledge to a crooked woman who lost the Presidency
Talk about morally bankrupt, Warren, that claimed to be Indian to get in front of the line in opportunities #racist
you support violence and suppression of free speech. You are on your way out
Please take example from GILLIBRAND who said NAY to all (but haley).  Sad that you supported Mattis. Why?
thought you were boycotting all voting
I thought that her colleagues left town already.
Thank you Senator Warren!!!
this what draining the swamp looks like. Letting the alligators lose.
@dremmelqueen @exxonmobil @YouTube,They're not listening to Colleagues.Adminstration &GOP are a hand full.Voters must Speak out

CFPB structure is unconstitutional...please tell us about your moral high-ground some more..
Thank you for bringing this to our attention. This is not ok.
morally bankrupt is 40% payraises MASSGov is stealing fr taxpayers. Pay for performance!
you go girl... nasty women unite!!!!!
White women speaks with forked tongue!
I wish u could knock some sense into most of your dem colleagues! WTF is wrong w them? Integrity left the building #ResistTrump
Liz, my dad was governor of Abadan oilfields, 50's Iran. I hate ExxonMobil, But TILLERSON is BEST CHOICE.
So Fauxchauntous is distorting something again and then losing her mind over it. IOW, it's a weekday.
they really make themselves so crazy.
you have to be like pocahontas & talk some sense into those white Men! Show them who she was Senator!
have you noticed that republicans are having #puppettrump sign exec orders 4 their agenda so they don't get blamed for anything?
fight no apologies no debates NO Explanations take them down BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY
its time for all dems to put their principles and morals in their desk drawers and fight by rep.rulesPLEASE
vote no
- keep up this thorough examination of the facts!! Thank you!!
You would have to be blind not to see evil staring us in the face.  Hold strong, Elizabeth.  We love u.
old squaw
@POTUS @exxonmobil @RoyBlunt Thank you,@SenWarren The entire #GOP senate and #WhiteHouse are morally bankrupt #NoBannon #NoBanNoWall
Tonight I Urge Americans Who Are Focused On Their Futures To Look At Figures #Breaking - #January #JobsReport
Seriously, we need reputable spokespersons all over the media with this, please. Seeing some; not enough.
Thank you for fighting back.
You supported morally bankrupt war criminal Hillary, now you cry wolf & nobody trusts you. Lost integrity, you/we pay the price
not me I'm a Kiwi.
we have given enough to the big oil companies, let them feel how it is to walk
Exxon is the new Haliburton.
but they the repubs did otherwise, hmmmm
what morals you talking about?
Why aren't you doing your job!
#DonTheCon #Trump & GOP looking out for the little guy! Lairs & crooks the whole bunch! nothings changed
IT HURTS AND BRINGS FEAR TO LIZ WARREN, FOR SHE HAS NO POWER TO STOP IT, AND NO FORESIGHT TO SEE A WAY
it would seem your colleagues left their souls and courage at home.
Thank you for your support of #CardinLugar
- Thank you for that. This whole republican/ Trump fiasco is so obviously corrupt that it must go!
Keep fighting for us. Thank you.
WHERE IS THE INVESTIGATION ON ALL THIS CORRUPTION!!!
thank you, senator Warren. So proud of your drive and integrity! Thank you for fighting for us!
Senator y r you constantly attacking and undermining @POTUS?  You had your chance, how about some support for @realDonaldTrump
no money for ExxonMobil no money to give away to big oil companies, NO MORE MONEY TO COMPANIES
It's happening point blank, in broad daylight. The biggest robbery of all time.
Thank You!
How about Impeaching Trump???
- The only ones moraly bankrupt are members of your party. You are playing games with our lives. #Swamp

Thank You Senator Warren. Without people like yourself, we feel the public is being punished not heard.
what's it like to talk and nobody listens?  They have no respect for you. Loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
compelling argument Senator...shame @houseGOP are spineless
democratic party is threw step aside for a new generation  all  do is harm the future to come at this point.
Give 'em hell Senator! thnx 4 protesting giveaway 2 Exxon helping prop up corrupt govts. Standing up for US
Thsnk you!
They'll probably vote NO when you try to get re-elected.
,Elizabeth Warren, love you, for all that you do for America . We appreciate you, more than ever before.!!
@PoliticusSarah @exxonmobil @YouTube Hopefully they will listen.
Where is your outrage at KRYSTALNACHT at Berkley? Your silence makes you the Nazis!
How encouraging and inspiring to hear you tell it like it is, Senator Warren. You're the best.
crooked T republicans and Exxon mobile Timberson helping fund Russia and terrorist
@SenSanders @PattyMurray Do the rules and laws of this country not apply to thes people, proven conflicts of interest yet nothing
@SenSanders There are so many ways that this administration violates conflict of interestDo the rules not apply to them?
Right On: keep on holding their feet to the fire. Trump only understands actions like most bullies.
You and your Radical, anti-American cabal have finally met your match. You will never be POTUS.
he will make a good SOS. Has business exp which the govt. needs. Hillary and kerry ruined the agency.
keep up the fight! We need real leadership right now!
heard Darrell Issa's rationalizations for keeping US businesses paying money to foreign governments a secret. Perfect
Thank you--keep resisting!
@MAHAMOSA @exxonmobil @YouTube impeach!!!!!!!!'
Funds from 19.5% Rosneft sell off through bank in Cayman Islands, Trump had to lift sanctions on Russia. That was the deal.
. You know about moral bankruptcy cause you sold out Bernie. You are why we are where we are today. Go hide in Shame!
Did you urge your Senate colleagues to vote no on a corrupted offical known as Hillary Clinton? #Bernie2020
@Mgivens61 @exxonmobil @YouTube #impeachTrump
We're just waiting for you to be able to vote on the articles of impeachment. Until then we're all so scared it's hard to breathe
morally bankrupt? You've really gone off the reservation this time...
A heartfelt thank you Senator. You are a light in the dark right now.
I am very, very grateful for your enthusiasm and brilliance and honesty.  I will be back,after sleeping
So proud of you Senator! Keep fighting. Don't stop. You have + support and gaining more everyday. #gotmyvote
Hey Screechy, still sending out fake news?..remember  to breath between words, your screech owl type voice annoys!
Go, girl! And thanks.
way too much time tooting your own horn. Just work to stop the absurdity. We will see it. Actions louder than words
@CayIsBlue @YouTube what you need to do is impeach; yes I know, don't have the votes. Do it anyway, show you're fed up
-Pesky folks like @MarkWarner will block it.
wth is going on. U guys better get busy of u all will be gone next election and we will get some Dems who will
kinda like the money Obama sent to Iran in the night
Except that calling it morally bankrupt had the odd effect of making @SenateGOP like it even more? Like  to flies...
Democrats  must get clarity on his stance on lifting  sanctions on Russia and soon.
you go girl we are right behind you and we will fight for what is right!
what about this executive order Trump has waiting to be signed about removing the rights of LGBT citizens
Massachusetts voters are sick and tired of you you will not be reelected
Morally bankrupt = Senate Republicans
Start withholding consent to every thing you can.  Need more publicity on this.
My boss @realDonaldTrump is doing a phenomenal job making @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats forget. LOL!
this is so xrooked
Thanks for you hard work.
Don't remember? That was like 6 mo. before they blanket banned entire countries from entering the USA! Sad!
Or when @SenateGOP @HouseGOP voted against common sense gun legislation to keep suspected terrorists rights intact LOL!!
Thank you Senator Warren
Remember when @SenJohnMcCain said Republicans would obstruct any Supreme Court Nom if @HillaryClinton won? LOL
Tell me Senator... exactly when has socialism actually worked?
It works for the rich.
Socialism does not work for anyone.
except the rich
It appears your profile promotes socialism. & you know it. Enlighten me. Where has it worked?
I'm ROTFL.
thank you for continuing to fight for us #truth #resist
@SenateDems in unity we can defeat this madness.  Stay strong stay united. Be the democratic tea party.
Thanks for fighting the good fight.
@BetsyDeVos must be stopped even in the sneaky 630am meeting
Keep urging, so will we. Kudos.
@SenJohnMcCain @DavidCornDC @kurteichenwald PPL IN REPUB STATES. RT AND TELL YOUR SEN NO!@SenateMajLdr
@neeratanden Trump Russian conn checks, etc. surveillance isnt 1 shred of evidence 2stop him TREASON National Security crisis
If you're speaking to President Trump you are going to have to make it simpler. Like 5 year old simplicity
Then maybe you can play ambassador of communications.
Thank you for continued work in the behalf of the American people
Who suffers? We all do! Even these rich oil companies as our earth freely given is polluted!
Moral bankruptcy is a US senator engaging in predatory real estate deals.
you can interchange the words bankrupt and corrupt very easily.
I suggest a wall around the red states. They hate the blue states so much, we should keep them safe and us, well free
Thank you! The MAJORITY supports you.

she still has no idea what economy is
Worry about your Massholes.
great plug to those effected by the  #FlintWaterCrisis. We are all just sheep. It's a sad time in #America right now.
