I am retired but not 65. On Medicaid only income is SS 1000/mo. Facing a possible heart transplant, afraid of losing coverage. Stop them!
I'd be scared to death!!
Trying not to be, Susan.
RED ALERT: You just fucking voted for $700 billion in defense spending.
It's all about protecting the American people whether it be healthcare or war. One way or the other nobody should be suffering.
No it's not. It's about imperialism and feeding the military industrial complex. Trump requested a huge increase in defense spending...
And it was exceeded by $60 billion and only 8 senators voted against it. We already spend more than the next 12 countries combined.
Yep. But everyone hates the US. This is the price the American's have to pay for this bullshit.
No, everyone hates our military adventurism and Warren is feeding the military-industrial complex.
This is all happening all out of fear. The government invokes fear and the Americans live off of it. You have rocket man to worry about now.
It's not fear; it's the military-industrial complex and the people who profit from the hundreds of billions.
Always misleading! The left twists some of the truth and uses fear tactics to get support from constituents.
Liz, go away! Stop campaigning for president.
Keep up the fight ,when u get done tell us what the hell u going to do to save obama care plz
Jonathan Patrick! If you can't use approriate language when you tweet DON"T TWEET! No one wants to see your vulgar thoughts!
Then they use fear tactics to keep it. 90% of Americans never understood how Insurance works so they voted for Obamacare
Don't fall for it! I don't even think Warren understands. She just wants her name in lights for 2020.
Woman is nuts! Sucks she is our representative in MASS! Go DIEHL
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for speaking for us and refusing to give up! I will help in ways that I can.
Well, we'll the multimillionaire Pocahontas has spoken! NO skin off her Was! SHE has the best benefits..the kind the politicians get!!
?
BUT WHO IS PAYING FOR IT???? My premiums and copays are sky high! I can't afford to carry everyone on my back! I can't afford $90 copays!
You aren't carrying everyone on your back. That is a total misconception.
Is it a "Total misconception"? Cuz 2 Docs in told me this and I'm an RN. I've seen lots of change! I live in Massachusetts, very BLUE state.
We r very proud of you Ms. Warren. Thank you for standing up for common Americans!
Love and fight for our servicemen.
The Medicare for all was getting strong GOP brought the bill back to undermine the efforts of medical coverage for all . Shame them all
Thank you!!
Good News is not dead. 
PEOPLE CANT AFFORD IT! INSURANCES ARE PULLING OUT! What part don't you get?
Thanks Pocahontas
.@HouseGOP @SenateGOP before #Healthcare vote, remember to keep Americans 1ST. People 1ST. NOT Insurers, #MegaDonors or Companies. #ACA
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy #NoGrahamCassidy
#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll
http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
Even Trump @POTUS gets this ..    @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi FIX #OBAMACARE .. do it for Americans
ye let the poor die - #MAGA
oh you naive fool -
some  people - like, for example @NathanielRobb are not even worth responding to -#sad #pathetic buh bye
Lady you are a professional liar.
But thankfully ObamaCare is!!
#DeplorableSuckers beware. It will hurt you and your loved ones.
So how many times can they keep bringing this back to the table, Senator?
As long as they hold a majority in Congress and control the White House.
Why don't you help fix Obamacare? It is not working and you don't care.
You can't even run the government properly, you didn't even read the ACA to pass it and you lied to us. This is why I'm now Republican
Sit down and shut up. I've had to cut my employees benefits in half because of ACA. "Affordable" Care Act is a joke - ACA is "heartless"
How many employees does your business have?
40
Hey, democrats:

Are you happy that all but 5 senators voted for the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act?

#HR2810 #TuesdayThoughts
You have obviously never lived through Wars that threatened our Shores. Clinton left us as sitting ducks and 911 happened shortly after
Americas don't want socialized medicine. It's a mess in the UK and Canada!
Really?@DaleCarberry? Is that why a great majority of Americans r buying from Canadian pharmacies? As they can't afford high cost in USA?
I lost my insurance after obama care, cause i couldnt afford it cheaper to pay the fine wish it was tax deductable
Elizabeth, I just paid a $90 co-pay! My meds are no longer covered. I pay 20K/yr for GIC Unicare!!  I can't afford it! It has to stop!
skank
Why aren't they listening?
THANK YOU MISS FOR LETTING  ME KNOW. BEING 13 DOESNT MEAN I CANT HELP ILL BW WRITING ENTRIES AND TURNING THEM  IN
No but Obamacare soon will be it is terrible and you know it put us on your healthcare plan you seem happy with it
Can't break something that's already broken that woman is disgraceful
Who foots the bill? People or Government
What happens, if a catastrophic event, such as natural disaster, major hurricane, out break of  disease, hit millions > Americans ALL @ once
RED ALERT"WARRENISM IS BACK
AGAIN----
 Get the shotgun it's the Eveready bunny
Keep fighting. Thank you all
Well, if You and @SenSanders hadn't of done damn near everything in your power to bury @HillaryClinton  THIS WOULDN'T BE HAPPENING!
Stand strong Senator Warren!! Fight this bill on behalf of all Americans...we need bipartisanship effort on the ACA, NOT repeal!!
Only wish Obamacare was too
Speak on it @SenWarren
Again, why did you vote in favor of a $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
Want to help save #aca buy a #socialmedia ad on #twitter or #facebook for less than $20 and influence local folks
THREAD: #CassidyGraham #healthcare 2022243121 so you want to be noticed by your elected representatives? Here's a game we can play..


Nope but you are
I don't remember any democrats wanting to be part of the new healthcare bill. Here it is nine months later. Where is your healthcare bill.
Hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires, volcanoes...is this God's response to those who deny climate, hate immigrants, cut healthcare?
Access to affordable Healthcare is not a Republican, GOP, Independent nor Democrats. "Healthcare is Human/Americans life or death concern."

Watch this Dad say what every other American is feeling. Stop trying to take our healthcare away & start helping us! 
@SenDuckworth   Warren/Duckworth 2020. #winwithwomen #veryqualified #winningteam #trumpsucks
It sure would have been great had you stood with Sanders when it really mattered.
It would be great if your office would accept faxes.
Crooked corrupt Criminals
this seems like a preshow storyline to a very depressing and hard hitting dark ride. But alas, it's real life. 
You like being a slave owner don't you. You'd rather people spend their last dollar for one last breath. Get on board do the RIGHT thing!
Why did you vote for war?
You're Bernie Sanders' nerdy librarian sister. Can't take you seriously.
Why did you vote in favor of the $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
You fucked up going with Bernie's Medicare for all!
TY Sen Warren
Vote No contact your rep. 202-224-3121
Love this lady!!??
Keep up the good fight, Senator
I can not believe  the United States have people like YOU governing OUR country. SERIOUSLY!
Yes!!!!! #repealACA premiums sending middle class to the poor house
Good
Could not have said it better
Liz save us the speech you better bake Mccain some cookies
For god sake pocohantas please shut up. We cannot stand that voice.
Thank you for continuing to fight for women's rights.
...THANK YOU ELIZABETH WARREN !!!
🕇🕇🕇
Pocahontas.
Please masticate it!
Please write a Dem plan to fix ACA in the meantime! Even Bernie says Medicare4All won't pass. We need an alternate bill!
Until we focus on preventive medicine instead of a miracle pill any care plan will be expensive/inefficient.
Go back in your Tee Pee
So what the hell can Massachusetts do about it? Feel run over and over by govt these days. Not for or by people at all.
Please keep fighting - American families lives depend on the destruction of TrumpCareLess!
This video will make any real American sick
They're just making the public more and more angry.  This is not gonna end well......

#GOP #GOPHouse #GOPsenators
Horrifying
What did GOP do, bury it in "the Pet Semetery"? It keeps coming back worse each time? #TrumpDontCare #GOPDontCare #SaveACA
Thank you for continuing to advocate for health care for all
Blablabla
Repeal Obamacare!  Stop punishing the healthy and the middle class.  Stop throwing billions more into a failed system!!
You signed onto the Magical Medicare Tour. I don't believe you any more.
Woah, I thought you were dead already  I guess dreams can be dreams
Time to break out the peace pipe and have a pow wow with the Gop #jemelehillisracist
Obamacare stinks!  W/ insurance, I had to pay 5K for premiums & 10K out of pocket last year when I had cancer and needed a bowel resection.
VOTE NO #GrahamCassidyBill 
#Medicaid #MA #Healthcare
You Really should sit down and shut up.. Most of what you have to say IS LIES! By the way How much does planned parenthood Donate to you?
Y don't u go back to your Tribe Pocahontas
NOT SO U COULD NOTICE
There are a more than few republicans that want Obama care repealed! Try a few million Republicans.The ones who elected our      PRESIDENT!.
You're Krazy! Put yourself on same hc as AMERICANS. No subsidies! Pass the Right thing!
be careful all! I mean every one citizen
Can not believe we need to go through this yet again. #StopTrumpNoCare.
From a woman who LIED about being an attorney then repped corporations in court. Why are you still walking free?
This is NOT a "political" issue. it's legal & if we didn't have commie kangaroo courts SHE'D BE IN PRISON.
ALERT!!
If this passes, I'll lose my insurance as a former addict. Even though i've been sober for 6 years. That makes me feel like its for nothing.
Nice try. Will always be dems and ur boy berry
If you all would give Americans the same health care your senators get ? Then problem solved...or you could all just get on Obamacare and 
Great.  We don't need your social medical
Dear Senator Warren, What should we do if we want to protect the Obama Health Care? Thank you very much!
Nothing could be worse than the failing Obamacare!!
Anything ridiculous they try to pass, let them test it out first, and see how it works out for them, before the push thaton us!!
Republican have not compassion for its own constituents. Help us @SenWarren
Trump wants $7 billion  to fund war in Afghanistan but will not give $1 to our health care system. Sad
@cathyahbaber I am sick hearing about Trump and healthcare. He is an idiot of the people.  I know people will die.  Two scripts I can't fill
Keep fighting for us Senator!!!!
Thank you Sen. WARREN.

3X is HARRASSMENT! STOP HARRASSMENT or FIRE the BASTARDS!
ElTrumpo says "I could give a...." #YoureGonnaPaySuckers
It's unconscionable to vote without analyzing the deficit impact. Yet that's how desperate Repubs are to hurt Americans. @SenWarren #SaveACA
Thanks for your input, #Russianbot. You're not getting a vote this time out. Bye, hon. @JustLisa50 @SenWarren
PLEASE realize, YOU are the 1%, you do not use aca....you have NO idea HOW bad it is!! Hush!! It needs repealing & REplacing!!!!
Hold McCain to his words: Regular order. Committees, public debate. INTEGRITY trumps partisanship.
How does a human being disregard health care for others just like that?
Very easily.
DON'T CALL IT TRUMPCARE WHEN TRUMP STARTED THIS WHOLE MESS!!!  DO NOT CALL IT TRUMPCARE...HE DOESN'T CARE!!!!!!!
Dims, you haven't even tried to fix it, so you have no room to cry about moving forward to replace it. Vote pandering with inaction is dumb.
It will be repealed.
Sick ppl, like me, will be forced to choose between causing our families crushing debt or taking our own lives... #GrahamCassidy is murder!
You need to lay off that peace pipe pocohantus
Make it be dead!!!
Why no tweet on the 4 girls from Boston brutally ATTACKED with acid in France?

They are not protected class?

http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/09/17/4-american-tourists-attacked-with-acid-in-marseilles-train-station-prosecutor-says.html …
Democrats like @SenWarren are Protected-Class supremacists!

I hope voters of #Massachusetts remember at election time in 2018!
Take a good look at the faces of these four young girls from Boston before they were brutally attacked in France!

You don' care!

Argh!!!   When will they at least pretend to be responsible for their folks back home?  Repealing Obamacare is about increasing health cost
The middle class is covering everyone! This is going to break me! I'll end up on O-care if something isn't done! Our copays are nuts!
How about American health care where we get the same coverage for the same price as Sen and Rep?  I'd say that was fair
This will impact 32 M people and would kill more people than terrorism does. This repeal is an act of terror in a Corporatocracy
Now they want to let states opt out of certain pre-existing conditions ridiculous this bill will hurt millions
So get real you done nothing but talk with that nasty mouth
Romney created health care in Mass don't take or give  Obama credit for his failed plan It works here because of Romney.
Elizabeth Warren is so #Resistance, she's secretly meeting with the CEO of JPMorgan.
Are you okay?  You look very thin.
Did you think this would distract us from your "yea" vote to increase military spending by 700 billion?
Powow chow
Why are you senators not on ObamaCare if you like it so much? You should all be covered under that garbage as well
Thank you!
Thank you again, Senator, for leading the nation on this issue. I'm so proud to be a constituent.
Silence doesn't cast the illusion of cohesiveness but rather fear. Congress must remember, the people do not approve of Trump. Impeach DJT.
...your colleagues to be vocal in your disapproval of his leadership. To not do this makes our country look even more foolish and weak...
On many levels. We need a legislative branch to step up and strongly take him to task. He is destroying our country. Please encourage...
Write and ask your Senators... "Why does this bill matter and what are you going to do about it!" This would be us into a dangerous place.
...he is an incompetent dolt. The needs of citizens of this nation must come b4 party or politics. Trump presents as a danger...
I am deeply disturbed by Donald Trumps ongoing derisive behavior toward our democratic process and his disdainful display toward all...
TrumpCare is Murder @SenWarren
Talk to your friends @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenSanders this must be stopped. Too much at stake worse than ever
If it's an nuclear war; not one would be suffering? HA ha ha
The republicans mindset seems to be let patients die; more money for the rich.
It looks to me as it cuts off money that could help balance the budget. Ohhh sorry I know you dumbocrats don't like to talk about the budget

@Animagus2017 senators McCain Murkowski Collins Paul. Call now
It won't do me much good as Cassidy is my senator and Kennedy votes party over people.
Thank you! Calling my Senators now to oppose G-C! #KeepKidsCovered
#alicewalkerquote #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #resist
You saved shit.. literally...the current healthcare is failing with ins. Companies pulling out and ded. And premiums thru the roof
Gee, now you know how I feel about amnesty for illegal aliens.
Thank you Elizabeth.
