Republicans hate poor people.
Do not let them usurp the will of the people any longer, hold #Trump to his promises! HealthCare is a right.
No they love rapping poor people and keeping them down
Did I miss something 8 yrs of dems in the White House and the # of poor in this country increased but hey if they say they are helping they
And that's the most horrible thing you can ever say. Do you want to help poor people are call them us and them? And Bush caused this mess
Honey bush did cause any mess. We had a recession it happens. But if ur interested on who created the housing bubble it was bill Clinton.
It was law that allowed the big banks to make the sub prime loans they shouldn't have with the promise to bail them out when they went belly
Up which they did. All under the guezz of u guessed it helping poor people.
You mean when Bust was President?
OH PS #TrumpTrain just rolled back the Dodd Frank consumer protections to keep that from happening again.
Keep fighting Elizabeth, we need ypu
You are such a putts lis....you need to work for the people, not yourself or get out of politics
I will help Trump get his message out tired of polititions screwing the common folk you should have O care to but you get special treatment
Congrata your $15hr min wage rhetoric just escalated tech implementation into fast food industry, better deal?
Who can stand hearing this fool?
Go get 'em, Liz!!
Obstructionist.
Reject her, and Pruitt, and Mnuchin, and the Dept of Education woman, damn come on repubs, YOU WORK FOR US! A pox on your house
plz run for president in 2020
You love to hear yourself talk, huh?
Yes
we have to win back both houses or its armogedon
Says who? Fake media & bigot democrates
Is she a Indian how about taking a DNA test
They did and proven she has no indian genes in her cell base
This is Bannon fulfilling his promised planned of "deconstructing" government! He, this entire administration and @GOP work for big Corp!
Vote no for Elizabeth Warren. She is one of the swamp people. Let her go. She is not honest.
Hmmm, Pocahontas you in minority , it don't make damn what you do.  You go back in tepee and make food and sow clothes. We call if needed.
You do realize that when the Dems get the WH back that Republican are just going to obstruct right back? Why dont you want govt to function?
I'm curios.  Democrats don't have any Democrats that have big business anymore?  Shrinking your voter base Warren?
The devil Paul Ryan tried to pinch my retirement !!! He's a thief, Get these thieves in cuffs!!
of course you voted NO.  you will vote NO regardless of who gets nominated.  Stop the BS and help get the administration complete
Thats bc she's a bigot
Mrs Warren. You can not be trusted. You lie about most things. People will figure this out and vote you out next election.
@SenWarren how'd that blood test go????

Keep it up. I support you always. 
Tx senator anything to stop progress and hurt our country economically ... Keep up the good work! Lol
1 hour relaxation with best country songs - Country Music following All Time https://goo.gl/UaUkhm  #countryfile #countrysongs #lovesongs
You ha ent been working for us. You have been working against us. We voted for a leader. You voted for a traitor. Get the hell out of office
#resist https://youtu.be/mHp1smu1Mww 
If only Americans would wake up!!
Lives are going to harmed, shortened, and lost because of this vote. And the pain will be felt, disproportionately, by POC.
GOOD
U vote no on anything the rep put out, good or bad. You don't give a crap about the people, for u, it's all about the Party and the power.
Thank you @SenWarren
Do ur damn job and stop obstructing

You are only For creating shit.
Oh look, Chief shittng Bull speaks.
Oh you're just jealous of her high cheek bones...
Sorry your 2 week vaca got cancelled honey.  Try to get some work done ok?

Way to empower women Pocahotmess!
He's going to drain the swamp. ....these people are corrupt. .....keep watching them it will get a lot worst
Donald Trump. ...and Donald Jr...caught just keep watching. ...TRUMP....BASE.. 35 %....he's such a great man. .....kmsl
Yes n total agreement!
What jobs have you created? How business have you ran? How business have been destroyed by liberal policies?
What can be done to stop heroin exportation?
is there anyone who actually like this woman? and who is she pandering to?
she fits right in with the herr trumpLER, der Furhrer's
adgenda to destroy america!
A screeching banshee nimrod president wannabe.  Never happen you phony native American liar.
You must hate women.
Way to go Senator, block a female candidate. Cannot make it up!
Trump,s motto:  "I get richer, the rest of you get screwed".

I hope so. More freedom for business means more prosperity.
I voted NO to keep My Tax $$ Flowing towards Your Paycheck & Pension madam #Pocahontas
& still she got in
Congratulations! You win the prize! You’re the best liar on Capitol Hill not by outright lying but for totally distorting the truth.
Senator Warren this is getting old. Do something constructive instead of opposing everything POTUS does. Dems are a bunch of cry babies.
Dredd, stay in FL. Massachusetts is pleased with Senator Warren. Opposing a traitor in the WH is duty of all patriotic citizens.
Thank you Joann. I will. I couldn't live in a state represented by her. By the way. I'm enjoying my 18% gains my IRA has had since Trump.
Hey Lizzy ala obummer,  we WON!!!
Cabinet hostile to the agencies they lead, will make sure new regulations are in corp interest. Rao free to focus on @CFPB
How much do you lie in the Senate Liz. Liars are scumbags. Here is an example.
"Senate Democrats are putting [Trump's] nominations through time-consuming parliamentary procedures not seen by the previous admin 0-4 2018
Thats because they are a party of bigots
Pocahontas is on the warpath.
You & ALL Democrats & Independents should #VoteNo on all Trump nominees & Trump/Republican agenda!

I'm a Canadian but If I Could... I would vote NO for Neomi Rao for OIRA!! Im a Canadian angry & frustrated w/Trump!!!
Thank you Senator Warren. You are SO much appreciated by tens of millions of Americans, but we're held hostage by Republicans and Trump.
We're being set free by our great #POTUS !!! #MAGA Senator Warren is a #HACK !!!
#imaginethat #dosomerealwork #lyingliz #obstructionist #politicalhack #peoplewilldie
Business, health, tax cuts important but I can't trust this administration anymore. This should be top-priorty What can we do?
So what do you suggest we do darling? Put all the GOP and the greedy corporations and shoot their ass to Mars?  Sounds Good let's do it.
Surprise Surprise
Keep killing biz and create more government dependents.
Many people voted for her.
No one likes your vote on anything
A Dim voting NO on a GOP nomination. Wow this is newsworthy.
You are a therapist's wet dream
#BatShitCrazy
All who voted for him will suffer like the sane people who didn't.
Nominations are there to destroy Putin/Bannon getting exactly what they want gut govt as They steal to give corp unlimited power--Oligarchy
When was last time you kicked a lobbyist out of your office? Youcompanies. They are your big $$ donors where you have profited from well.
Looking forward to her being confirmed
Gittem'! Kill those jobs. I've been working too much!
Lizzy you do not stand up for 60+m voters. Thought you were for all the people? We are the other  voters, do your job
Where exactly did you get your 40 million?..shady back room deals against americans?
Books. Go to http://FEC.gov . All data there.
Still waiting for an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
You always hit the nail on the head. Great job!
Liz, have you ever voted YES? Other than how it benefitted the left! Has there been any bipartisan votes to support the US?
News Flash!!! Big business is where many people have jobs. Less bull---t rules and more jobs is good!
Just admit it you are nothing but an obstructionists.
Submit to the DNA test pocahontis
You vote no on everything Trump tries to do Pocahontas
Yes, she does. That is why Massachusetts elected her.
Of course you no voted Rao .demacrats are all about killing jobs with rules an regulations.look at Obama's legacy the WORST President ever!
The "Worm" pandering again
no big surprise and you still can't be President
Keep fighting for us @SenWarren
Tax churches to pay for healthcare
What a surprise!  Fauxcahontas, the obstructionist!


That's a timely tweet to pull out at times like this


Same shit you pulled on Dr Ben Carson   shame on you.
Trump doesn't care about us Senator.. Just his rich friends.. Thank you for giving us a voice.. 
Really how us that? Guess u havent seen gas prices as of yet, utilities, job opportunities, etc.Go Trump your doing a great job 4 the people
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of fraud Pocahontas.
You vote NO on all of Trumps mominations.
We need new teepee regulations
You screwed up again. It's "big business" that hires America....not you or your beloved big government, which sucks the life out of freedom.
Too bad you can't vote for USA. U don't know what others would do U try to walk in one shoes. Can't walk right in own Whatever Gods got it.
She will get in sorry for you
Thank you!

@realDonaldTrump we Americans hate all your Looney liberals laws that help everyone to get more free stuff on backs of taxpayers
Stop putting everyone to sleep with your tired, sorry dribble.
Alabama, you don't need to listen. You don't understand much anyway, do you?
Not about dishonest, disingenuous liberal propaganda dribble - no. We tend to stick to reality.
Go Lizzy!!! You should just keep fighting everything DJT does, even if it is good for the country.
You really love this Country? You would rather hate than see good people of nation helped.
Obstructionist
Always comes back to your cfpb.  1800 hires in 7 years. Avg salary near 150k for a gov agency. The jig is up
Thank you!
Madam, you are a Hero.
Stay steady
Liz seriously? @HillaryClinton tried the women card and the 'CHILD" card. @billclinton busted with Jeffery Epstein F.B.I takes investigation
out of our Palm Beach Police hands. SOCIOPATH the list goes on. No more gov. $$ you piece of work. The pow wow is over..
You are a goddess among women, who never never never stops fighting for us!
You're a lying hypocrite.
Lier lier pants on 
Indian giver
Yea making unelected officials (richard cordray) accountable to elected officials (the president / congress) is bad! grrr big banks!
Atleast there was a vote
Thank you Senator Warren.
I'm confused, I read a NY Times article, she seems quite qualified. Besides, cripple business, cripple the counties ability to compete int'l
That is not why you voted against he Pocahontas, you voted against her to obstruct the administration...you did with all of the other votes.
If Pocahontas says it, it must be true. Not!
You bet if she fights against it, you better fight for it!
Shocker! Obstructionist! No re election Lizbeth.
She will be re-elected. Count on it.
Go Democracy!
What do you have against big business?  We have too much regulations now. Trump is doing the right thing, join him.
yeah they don't need regulation follow Trump because he had done absolutely nothing to create jobs.He is an idiot

You vote no for everything goofy Elizabeth.  Don't worry...you don't have to actually do anything to get tenure.
Lizzy warren took your tax, gave her cronies many stax, when she saw what she had done... haha I don't know I know she's crazy though.
@SenWarren , you voted no bcuz instead of looking at facts u just went by ur hate for President Trump, u should be fired!!
Another rat added to the swamp

YAWN!
So glad we have Sen Warren looking out for us. Thank you for your integrity and service.
So what you vote no on everything you're goofy too bad your voters don't vote no on you you're a waste of taxpayers money
So what else is new?
Well, I'm glad to see the democrats are doing something. Not approving Trumps nominations is nothing more than a ploy to handicap presidency
Thank you Senator.
Thank You Senator Warren, much appreciated.
#politicalembarassmentfr ommassachusetts
Big surprise Pocahontas what are you for again? Oh ya obstruction. Great job and you'll leave a great legacy.#maga#termlimits
Thank you for your persistence. Bipartisanship makes American great. Conversations with the senior senator from AZ great example for country
Jesus, Mary & Joseph!! Will is ever end????
Thank you Senator Warren
That's cause you are the party of NO!  Doesn't matter though, you lost!!
Thank you for fighting for us.
Of course you did. No on everyone to slow down the process. Dems first then Americans last


You don't have any credibility
of course not you're a obstructionist 
you'd be giving candy to Charles Manson for votes if you could
This is what thoughtful, logical lawmakers look like.  Thank you Ma'am, please continue.....
Logical?
You would vote no for any Trump Nominee Pocahontas... your a loud mouth fake joke
What were the rules that were suspended

And HOW!
Thanks for your tireless fight to preserve the sanctity of our democracy. I'd hate to see where we would be if you weren't in the Senate.
Alot further along! More accomplished, when you have all partys working together,not against bc of ones elected party, not the real issues
