Please list pages and paragraphs U have problem with an The let's have open discussion as to remedies instead of grandstanding.
at least you got to read this one..no one got to read the obama care before it was passed..
Then how did it end up with 110 amendments over tbe period of a year?
Here's a question for you Lizzie.  With all of the videos you've been doing lately, who's taking care of business for the people of MA?
We all know why you're concerned about cuts in Mental Health care.  You be crazy
refused to work with Republicans to come up with a bill, so what are they complaining about? It's their fault for being Obstructionist
Why are the Democrats not doing anything but whining and complaining? Why do they depend on Republicans anyway?  Where is your bill?
Democrats broke it, democrats should fix it.  Where are your ideas Elizabeth? My ins sucks.
Blood money??? How about your beloved Palnned Parenthood??? You are talking from both sides of your mouth. What about the lives of unborn?
Doesn't matter to her.  She listens to Hitlary who states "A fetus has no constitutional rights"
...colleagues. This violent crap coming out of your mouth should get u censured, actually expelled. Blood is on ur hands. Take resposibility
my autistic son,my husband with current need for retina surgery &has diabetes& stage 1 kidney disease plus disabled self need our healthcare
The irony is, the wealthy don't need health insurance. They can afford to pay fee-for-service.
FAKE SENATOR.
I want a @SenWarren to rep me!
Go figure the R's bill is mean. Thank you for all you do for this country
liberals: "Republicans are literally murdering children!"

also liberals: "Extreme Republican rhetoric causes violence!"
You've got to stop telling people Republicans are trying to kill them. You've seen the damage that's caused, right?
The bill sucks and it's true!! Can't handle the truth?!?  Insurance companies and their profits is why Obamacare failed! 45 is about profit!
Ya ever think Obamacare was designed to fail? Maybe force single payor?
Ya ever think the GOP tried to make Obamacare fail?!?  Ya ever think that the GOP wanted Obamacare to fail?!?  Ya ever think the GOP lies?!?
half of the country didn't want the AHA.  that's why the GOP was against it.
I hope your the Democratic choice in 2020, because if so it will be a slamdunk for Trump. Nobody is going to be with you.
I can't believe healthcare can be so divisive. EVERYONE should receive basic but comprehensive healthcare in a civilised nation
Nothing is for free but, yeah, all should be entitled to basic care in the civilised world. Sorry I live in Switzerland. A civilised country
You have a less diverse pop, a fraction of the population, fewer illegals and many other situations which don't compare.
We have a larger population - matched by a larger economy,i.e., more money.
Agree - population size has nothing to do with it
Did you really read it?  Or just making headlines for some of your followers to hear?  Shame on you.  This is for the American people!
Does it pay for abortions?? U can't have it both ways Elizabeth democrats r a joke
It never did. Ever....
this is b/s and you know it. It certainly doesn't go for cancer screenings or mammograms.
Hahahahahahaha
Blood money
Your tiresome cliched bullshit just never ceases does it, chief?
You're a lying liar who lies. Nobody cares what you think.
Oh you've just now read it? You were presenting a lot of things as facts about this bill for a few weeks now.
Because it's not that different than house one passed a few weeks ago. They knew it was going to be v similar
It's worse.
Government healthcare is a terrible choice for this country in general. Doesn't matter what bill it is.
Your alternative idea is?
Healthcare will never be perfect but the free market will drive down cost and drive up quality. The government ruins everything they touch.
No, they don't, randroid.
Your narrative trashing us #deplorables is itself most deplorable. You came into my state with gobs of outside $$$ & stole the #PeoplesSeat
We need to pass #SinglePayerNow! Why aren't the Dems supporting and pushing for this! Get the convo started. Time for a progressive agenda!
Dems do believe but it's a process and you have to give and take to get what you want! Light at the end of the tunnel!!
Sadly...I don't think they do. Dems responsible for removing public option from ACA. Dems don't push for single payer now. Only Bernie!
I know I do!! We can't push for single payer now!!  Compromise is the only way we Dems and Progressives will take back government! Together!
Yes we can! It won't pass right now but we should be talking about it and gathering support. Dems are losing progressives. 1/
so much for toning down the rhetoric 
There are ppl on Medicaid, who should NOT be on Medicaid. Like thousands in Ohio, that @JohnKasich threw on so the gov't would pay for them
Wrong.
Oh wow, what a compelling, well thought out and informative rebuttal.
Do you have a better plan? Hell no, just empty babble.
U N I V E R S A L
$$$$$$$
what, are you a billionaire health insurance CEO? what a joke.
My family of 6 had Health Insurance we could afford until Obamacare. Now the jobless illegals in my city have insurance and we do not. NUTS!
The jobless illegals do not have healthcare. Vaccines do more good than harm.
Yes, getting false documents is as easy for them here in Calif. as it was to hire a coyote to bring them over & Vax HARM more than u know!
Apparently, the vast amounts of studies that prove that vaccines do more good than harm mean nothing to you, so I won't bother to try.
Thank God, I can mute you Liz!
I'm sure she is devastated a 22 follower troll is going to me her. Note slither back under your rock
do they whisper back?
U steal hard working American's money to provide better health care for the poor and kinda poor w/ this extended Medicaid.
Free for poor=Expensive for Everyone else.
Use words and explain key points, not with drama, fear and jazz hands
This bill will lead millions who aren't sick today, into bankruptcy if they get sick & if you are sick or old, you are going to have zero
That's what's currently happening with obamacare.
Wrong. More people are covered than ever under ACA. The GOP are doing everything they can to close exchanges in states, but still available.
1. Millions forced to buy ins they can't afford to use = useless coverage.
2. GOP doesn't close exchanges, the ins co's decide to leave.

ObamaCare was disaster care, transfer of wealth to his pockets & we can't pay for our own much less 25M illegals too, your wacko lady
God the strings of idiot memes are on the rise. You contribute nicely.
Not at Sen Warren. I agree with you.
With all due respect Senator, what are you and your colleagues going to do about this heinous bill? We need action more than words.
What do you call $13,000 deductibles, 200% increase in premiums & not being able to find a doctor who will take your plan? That's my O-Care.
Talk to the insurance companies who need to make huge profits on our backs!  It's not going to get better!! All about the $$$!!
So your against the huge O-Care subsidies that resulted in record profits for Insurance co's & then when they were denied more they bailed?
Why are you progs viewing my tweets? I'm a Nazi, racist, homophobic sexist, cis-gender, patriarchal, white evil male. right? Get off my lawn
You are in my lawn!!  Bye!!
Where in the constitution does it say "Health care is a basic human right?
http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/index.html … article 25.
Lol! That's the UN. Not the constitution. Lmfao!
The us is a signatory. One would think that one binding agreement is as good as another.
One would also agree the UN is a joke. And the US should get out of the UN.
So you're in favour of becoming a rogue state, disregarding humanity in favour of childishly screaming "you can't tell me what to do!'?
you talk like Obama or the Dems did anything good.  Did you check the amount of tax dollar fraud Obama had with HUD?  Get a grip Taterchip
love you much!
Redistribution of wealth, nothing more.
You're right on in every applicable sense of the meaning
Native Americans paid for your scholarships with blood... Which is different in every way than YOURS. Come clean about lying to get ahead.
Can you defend your speech logically why you are against it without drama and Jazz Hands, break it down,
Noticed McCain,Flake,Graham were not among the 4 GOPers who can't sign it as written. Are they OK with this tax cut disguised as healthcare?
It's my money. F U if you force me to subsidize others
You are subsidizing others. Namely wealthy people. I'm sure they appreciate your contribution to their tax cut.
Prove it. Show your work and provide your support.
It's called the Federal Budget. Do your own homework. Or, you could listen to Paul Ryan talk about the tax cuts. Or Trump.
Actually Obamacare was blood money. It literally killed people. #defundplannedparenthood
NO govt $ went to abortions!!!
Obamacare forced insurers to pay for abortion.
Abortions are here to stay. They've been happening for centuries. Women have always had the power, men just make it harder
I find it interesting that the people who picket clinics providing abortion have no qualms about fertility clinics throwing out xtra embryos
Actually they do have qualms about that. I would suggest you read Catholic bioethics.
So you're arguement is from a Catholic perspective, hope you didn't break any of the other rules,  like divorce
Repeal #Obamacare entitlement!  Keep Government OUT of insurance business. Spark competitions, encourage health savings accounts & coops.
There are coops in the ACA & the GOP has spent the last 7 years trying to kill them.
REPEAL ENTITLEMENT!
Tax the rich! It worked for Eisenhower
Wrong approach Bud! Tax cuts during Reagan sparked a great economic boom.
Did you read Obama Care before you voted for it. Hell No your Nancy Pelosi said we have to pass it to see if it works! Not Working!
Thank you for sharing.
yeah so lets kill more peopleby simply taking it away.... the intelligence .... smart...
.@SenWarren, EVERY financial contribution from Planned Parenthood is #bloodmoney. 
YOU, Ms Warren have blood on your hands.
#ProLife #PJNET
I’ve read the Republican “health care” bill. This is blood money. They’re paying for tax cuts with American lives. 
She's a Fascist!
Bernie Sanders wanted universal health care. I wish you would have endorsed him instead of the only candidate who couldn't defeat Trump : /
ehh. Sanders was a 99% loser to Trump.
Hillabeast only 87% loser.
Here's what really went down. March, 2016
http://www.primarymodel.com 
Obama Lied to the American public to sell his utopia and now it has to be fixed, either offer solutions and quit obstruction politics!

Obama care has crumbled. Something has to be done.
As long as Dump and the hyenas in his Cabinet don't get to be in charge of that something, then sure.
From someone who knows far more about Healthcare than you ever will.
Finished reading the Senate HC bill. Put simply: If it passes, it’ll be the greatest policy achievement by a GOP Congress in my lifetime.
The "greatest GOP policy achievement" has nothing to do with being good for the American people or morally right.
I have good benefits. It doesn't affect me directly. Way to show how decrepit your thinking process is though.
You mean like what our open border has done to American lives? Just ask @sabine_durden,  who lost her only child to an illegal immigrant.
She wouldn't dare say that to my face or even debate.
I really like you, but I do wish you would change your pic, it makes me want vomit.
It's just hard to look at. But I still love you. Just can't look at that pic
I am so sorry.  I can change it.
Sickening.
@BerlySays1 @JJohnson2u @PatriciaJOppeg1 @Presumed_Guilty @novias_info @SDrizin @BebeParker @Reform_Justice @BraverySAP @intranaut @koolieh
It's wrong... billions in tax cuts for millionaires yet cuts in funding for health care... the US is living in the upside down.
Its mind boggling that so many vote against their own best interests.  2nd amendment ads will be forthcoming soon.  Only1 who can stop a bad
It's unnerving. Real Americans will suffer w/higher premiums, less coverage and death... but not Trump, not Congress and not their families.
You have no idea what you are talking about.. or are you another bot? Why not find out what you are talking about, instead of repeating BS?
That's just... well... a wasted, low level thinking tweet.
If you want to know how it really works, you have to read something other than Dem (or GOP) talking points.
Hey, if you have the inside track on how more Americans will benefit, with equal or greater coverage, for less money, please, do share.
Liar, all I got from the ACA was my plan canceled, a useless HMO with a huge deductible then a penalty when I dropped out. Thanks Deomcrats!
This sham of a bill will not solve that.
- lead the democratic party elizabeth ... come on
Please let Pocahontas lead the way for the Democrats, guaranteed to lose!
Thank you Warren!! You make me proud to be from Mass!
They want to kill me. I'm a dad, boys 3&5 with a pre existing condition cancer. I'm worried and scared as it is. Now this? Heartless.
I'm also a cancer patient, but as Neil Cavuto said, what's "heartless" is the hypocrisy of presenting the ACA as working.
Diego. I'm sorry. Good luck. Neil Cavuto wouldn't say that sir if he had cancer or any other pre existing disease. Consider alt info sources
Thank you senator warren for all you do and fighting for America!!
Republicans are crazy they want people to not have healthcare until they're sick but we have to get car insurance what idiots
Thank you.  My son has a mental illness.   I'm a teacher.   I just can't do anymore.
You are not an indian
How do we  get them to hear us? My Senators are both Dems, so no other Senator cares what I think. Help!
Why are women Democrats so ugly, so dramatic, so crazy & so wrong about everything?? "Blood money!!"  Who is she kidding? 
Poor Liz just found out mental retardation is not covered as it considered a preexisting conditions. She may lose 80% of her voters.
Hush up and actually create some value instead of objecting to everything.  #idiot
Partisan hack.  You know damn well the GOP is paying for it with deficit spending instead of taxes.  Quit lying Senator.
Drama queen
You are a fool to not listen to and take to heart what @SenWarren is telling us. The @GOP is manipulating the ignorant once again.
Speaking as a victim of Obamacare for the last 4 years. Shaddup Ms Warren! Many of us have read it too, we DO read. Stop lying!
We must stop this madness.  What more do we need to vote them out and impeach their treasonous leader. How many more lies?
Go get 'em Liz!  you.
It won't get anywhere, but it IS the thought the counts, amirite?
try and help instead of bitching about it
Anyone on this thread saying this shit is good for America is either a terrorist, terrorist sympathizer, filthy rich, or a bot!
Unbelievable how ill-informed so many Americans are, I now understand how a #rapist and serial sexual predator of women got into White House
Our neighbor to the north is paying his citizens $ 7.7 million for killing a US Service member. American life madam, go get Trudeau
Are you TRYING to get one of your crazy followers to shoot MORE Republicans? Have you no shame or decency?
You're not relavent if you don't comunicate, spitting evil is not productive, you're just a noisy crabby witch, you're embarrasing.
Most babies killed by abortion up to the date of the delivery date are female. Pro-abortionists hate women, not pro-lifers. #checkmate
You can NOT abort a baby on the day of delivery. You didn't do well in biology class did you?
Welp that's what devil worshippers do Duh
So it's no holes barred with the hyperbolic extreme rhetoric. Who cares about the consequences? Nice job Chief.
THE ALMIGHTY WILL SHOW HIMSELF STRONG AMONG THE HATEFUL. IT IS WRITTEN SO WHAT'S  HAPPENING  TODAY IS NO SURPRISE, THE ALMIGHTY SPOKE OF
Despicable, Deplorable, Demented, Demoralizing, Degrading, Delirious...Democrat Win Baby win for America not for thyself #MAGA
The GOP aims to bring religion back into government and they have. With every bill they put forth, we all say 'Christ! Can it get worse??!'
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN
isn't it a moral imperative then that you give away your millions and millions of personal wealth to buy people healthcare?
Clearly, Madam, you are as mad as a hatter.
How can Plan Parenthood afford to give 1M  dollars to just 1 Dem candidate in #GA06 & they have a 127M profit, defund PP
I wouldn't believe a word you freaken said!can you even read or was it read to you by Barny Sanders
When will the American Pop realize that not everything needs to be For Profit. Healthcare and Journalism are for the public. #Regulate It
And =who= are the virtuous people who would do that "regulating" of journalism? That's just a pretty way of describing censorship
In other words there is nothing allowing politicians to opt out of it?
My god, this is crazy. The Republican "health care" bill are using it for the rich, themselves like you said. Can't believe it's happening.
If Obama care is so great , why don't you have it? You get yours paid for by us . People can't afford Obama care. You libs did it. Own it!
#bloodmoney
Stop to much hste, u r never going to b a president
@IndivisibleTeam is roadmap to defeating #trumpcare and saving #medicaid. #TrumpCareKills Call, write if U live in a state with #gop senator
I admit to not knowing enough about this to logically critique it but I will say if this same bill came from a dem u would be loving it
READ our BLOG at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  called:

#Republican Crafted ‘#TrumpCare’ – #America Shafted Again
So ACA 2.0 just with more profitting and  even less provided health
I have no more blood to give!
It will only be, as people are affected themselves, that they will see how awful this is.
Like the idiot going on about how great repeal of obama care was because HIS insurance provider was the ACA, not obamacare.. dumbasses..
It is a shame not to help the poor. To be poor is not a crime. Helping others is a moral imperative. It comes from the heart.
When are you going to quit your bullshit lies and scare tactics? Hasn't worked so far this year, 'Senator'
Govt mandate took billions from 8M tax payers. How about the billions insurance companies got from working class America through increases
so, what are they doing with all of that money $$$ ?
That Obama would have to answer. Maybe he gave it to Iran
What Trump is doing right now is going to cause riots & suicides!
No -- what Elizabeth Warren is doing right now is inciting riots & suicides.  D-E-M-A-G-O-G-U-E
The ACA is a disaster. More people lost their healthcare and their premiums went up. You Dems support a failed program!
Thank God blood money 4 planned parenthood murderers would B GONE!  You lying, evil, twisted creature-UR hands R covered w/blood.
Oh please #Faux-cahontas please point out page number and line that does that... I'll wait...
I don't know about anyone else but I'm tired of being the democrats piggy bank. If they feel so strongly let them use their money.
When you first started in politics you were a republican would you consider yourself a red Tory democrat ?
U already took the blood money
@JakiBaptiste That's why we should forget abt Trump this week, focus on opposition to the bill and Senate Rs. Then back 2 Trump
TRUMPUTIN AND THE GANG GRADUATION CLASS OF 1950' . @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for clarifying this Bill.
America not getting Democrats intellectual messaging ...#GOPSenate is RUPUBLICAN DEATH SQUAD BUYING THE RICH 1% WITH LIVES OF POOR AMERICANS
Rhetoric like Senator Warren's (and yours) are Democrats' "intellectual messaging"?   It's hard to imagine more emotive statements.
HEALTH CARE & TAX CUTS
THESE THINGS DON'T GO TOGETHER!

NOT PEANUT BUTTER & JELLY!

DUHH... Doesn't take a genius!
Not sure why you read the bill. Sounds like your mind only tunes into issues that meet your left wing agenda.
Having health insurance with 10k deductibles (Obamacare) isn't healthcare. This plan is horrific but also realize so is #ACA
Are you an Indian?
@SarahKSilverman it's too bad Obamacare was a failure, if it was good we wouldn't be discussing it would we poke?
quit yelling about and work TOGETHER with the Republicans on a better plan.  TO GE THER.  GET IT??????
Haven't afforded insurance since ACA. 2400 a month for me and my husband is not right. #RepealAndReplace
[1/2] I am on the same page as you, Sen. Warren. However, the way things are going, I see the GOP winning in 2018. Isn't there an obligation
I have great respect for you!  I'm just an average person - no college diploma, so my question may be not so bright. Question -
Don't credit Elizabeth Warren with too much intelligence or honesty just because she has a college diploma.
Sure thing Sacagawea
Keep up the good work Sen Warren
Horrible
I'll tell you who they work for:  THEMSELVES, those greedy, soulless bastards!
So this dipshit is saying if you failed to prepare for your future I should give you my money. Dems=thieves.
Because "health care" is none of the federal government's concern? LOL ... #ReadTheConstitution
The Republicans should let Obamacare fall apart completely before they try to fix the program.  Failure is inevitable for Obamacare.
How do they expect not only people to stay healthy and financially solvent, but the hospitals and nursing homes? 1/2
Liar
I'm sure you didn't read all of it just like you never read all of Obamacare.
Yeah let's listen to the lady who made 400k to teach one class.
"Bring out your dead..." <thump>

They'll still pass it. As will the House. 

This is wealth reallocation, plain and simple.
Hey Lizzie! Y don't u fight for removal of state boundaries?That is biggest cost driver of health ins.Do u have a contribution 2 discourse?
Please use Trumpian terms he will understand. Call it #Failing and a #Disaster  bill only #Losers support!
Dems cost 28M people their Health Ins. on top of ACA offering over priced mediocre coverage while given insures billions in subsidies.
You did NOT read the Republican health care bill. Like...ur not an Indian. Ur prob not a woman.
57Chevy, that was totally fair until the last sentence. There's plenty 2 critique Warren on w/o reaching low 4 stuff like that, 'cha think?
A 25 follower hack troll. You created an email to create a twitter... just to yell at me. Thank you! Now, go home.
... and yet Dems just killed universal healthcare in CA. Dems have to walk the walk.
Oh Liz, stop scaring people! You speak from experience! You've reaped the benefits of public life more than anyone. #Harvard #Pocahontas
DARE CONGRESS TO GIVE US SAME HEALTHCARE THEY GET. You are one who has the balls to do it!

http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/congress-gets-premium?source=c.em.mt&r_by=5547058 …
http://suzajourney.blogspot.com 
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  Premiums will go down $2,500 for a typical family."
I read it too & the way the Dems vs. Rep.,interpret things is dangerous & scary for OUR COUNTRY CALLED AMERICA! All for one and one for all!
I guess Pocahont-ass is in luck
FAKE NEWS!  #FakeNews #Pocahontas
Republicans that voted for TrumpHealth should have the number666tatto on there forehead because they are going to b called the wrong party
I disagree. ACA is not affordable. I still can't afford a doctor
Thank you! As usual, I could count on you for a long, hearty laugh!
But it's OK for spectrum charter to take 1800 workers medical away in NYC And our Democratic mayor done nothing about it, put up or shut up!
#bloodmoney @VP @RepJimBanks @RepWalorski @RepLarryBucshon  @ToddRokita @SenToddYoung @RepTrey @SusanBrooksIN @LukeMesserIN @DanCoats
Liar liar pants on fire liarwatha fear mongering again!
You must be reading ObamaCare again
@tthbaker let's set limits on legal decisions against doctors thus lowering their malpractice limits and they can pass on savings
Truly a sad commentary on greed and lack of compassion?
I think your most upset you'd loose your mental health care!!! Lord only knows your using the crap out of it!
Stop lying Pocahontas
Blah blah blah its a dem mess to begin with
kept in secret, that rings a bell, why is that... oh yeah, "we have to pass it to see what's in it"  Does that help you out Sen Liesalot?
I'd rather read the health care bill myself than trust on your political hysteria.
Would you please look into this
Turkish Army dressed in US uniforms attacked #PKK to have them fight @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain @RepEdRoyce
Pages 91& 92
…
The only way to fix this is to fix the cost of medical care its over the top $18 for a band aid should tell u how much is overcharged
And taxpayer money to fund abortions is called??
Two words dems hate-tax cuts
Flat out - GOP/Trump #Dontcare!
when you accuse someone of #murder over an #ideological difference. You announce to the world your #ignorance & #intolerance.
BULLSHIT! You didn't read the bill. You already had your mind made up. You're nuts. Get Help! #Pocahontas
Keep fighting for us.
Go get em Warren!
Are you trying to incite more  shootings and violence? #sad  #
HC  IS NOT A HUMAN RIGHT! UR SUPSD  2 work 4 it! WHY MUST EVRYTHG B FREE W U DEMS & PP DOESNT TAKE CARE OF ANYTHING OTHER THEN ABORTION !
I just love watching this. Republicans will suffer so much more for this plan and then blame us for all the deaths. Sickening just sickening
Then we need to put a stop to it...
Can you screen shot that? Actually, can you show us anything in the bill that even resembles your tweet?? I'll wait, and you won't respond.
Democrats already drove deductibles so high people with insurance cannot afford health care.
Where were you when our vets were dying because of government incompetence?
