Watch @SenDuckworth, @SenBillNelson, @SenatorTester & @SenBlumenthal explain: we owe it to vets to stop Trumpcare. https://www.facebook.com/USSenateDemocrats/videos/1326338017435389/ …
I'm a vet and I already get screwed by the VA. No one cares. Lies lies lies
As vet wife I care. Who have you reached out too about this? There is help you to go thru the system.
the only people I can reach out too is the VA. They don't care.
1st i should have asked did you get an honorable discharge? Yes get you DD214. If local VA office can't help then go to the local DAV
yes I have an honorable discharge. The DAV won't help
suddenly you Dems who have destroyed the military three times in a lifetime are concerned about veterans!!
Your comment is profoundly ignorant, the Obama admin spent MORE on defense than ANY of his predecessors, nearly $700 billion.
Check out @angelavansoest's Tweet:
https://www.google.com/amp/dailysignal.com/2015/07/26/weapon_system_revive/amp/ … @angelavansoest
"From a report written by the Conservative Heritage Foundation" should tell you something. Our military is no trouble of being a "has-been."
we're short over a hundred and sixty ships that Trump passed to rebuild! 60% of our aircraft can't fly!
Technology is a multiplier of force.  It means we don't need them because we have better at work now
keep coming up with excuses!!
I hope and pray in 2018 the American people will wake up from their drunken moment.
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share!
You (EVERY DEM & GOP in office) should get what we all get. You'd fix that healthcare crapburger lightening fast!
Vets make more money than the avg laborer--what about those people?
The ACA is devastating for the whole country. If you don't know that your head is in the sand. Stop pretending!
Yep, good ol ACA.  You know  "we have to pass this so we can see whats in it" bill.  It was broke on day 1, and it's still broke
We vets decide what is good for us, not you. You had your chance, and you messed up
Proper name is TRUMPDON'TCARE
Vets don't rely on ACA tax credits for healthcare.   That's a bold faced lie
You owe it to ALL AMERICANS to replace Obama care. Get it right!
How bout in Iowa?
The system is already broken and devastating for Veterans now. How much worse can it get?
Sad.trump is so sad
Have you ever once read comments from working people that can't afford to use health insurance bc of huge deductibles? Screw those ppl?
Get government out of social and private sector...read and follow my constitution.
I HOPE YOU KNOW, THE SCARE TACTICS YOU AND YOUR MSFL FRIEND ARE USE WILL COME BACK TO BITE U IN THE ASS, AND YOU SHOULD BE ARRESTED FOR IT .
ACA saved me and so many others. Please stop the GOP from giving our money to the top 1% & from passing their death bill
Read the death bill they were celebrating, 300 billion for top 1%, over 800 million pulled from medicaid & medicare, 94% cut for opioid use
Can u try something new? Try speaking the truth instead of obstructionist fear mongering, Sen Warren u r lying to the American people/STOP!!
What part of this is a lie? This new plan WOULD devastate many people. That's a FACT.
Hey that's fine, Voice your opinion as I am voicing mine. I wish you well my friend.
.@BarackObama & @MichelleObama also gave $1M each2 special fund 2put #Chicago youths 2work. So they're giving back. More charitable than DJT

Repeal and Replace Republicans 2018
#RRR2018
YES DEMOCRATS FOR MIDDLE CLASS.WORKING CLASS.
Are you saying those who were in military should get lifetime medical regardless of time served or service related injuries/illnesses?
DEMS HAVE HAD 16 YEARS OUT OF 20 TO DO SOMETHING. IT'S TIME TO GET OUT OF THE WAY BUT DEMS ARE TO POWER HUNGRY TO DO IT.
That is why we have the VA their families have tricare and champ VA they shouldn't have to rely on Ocare r trumpcare
Show the people then
Need to stop looking for ways to pay Healthcare and look for ways to make it less expensive. Hospitals charge $7.00 for a Tylenol ridiculous
You are soo right...I mean look what YOU and OBAMAdork did for the vets??? Oh wait...NOTHING!!!
What work r u getting g passed?
.@CraigCoenen let's just say anything the predator party does is bad for everyone
The vets have the VA, as bad as it's been, and Tricare.  No vet should be using ACA.
Now u r tossing out BS about the VA scandal in ur own state by blaming @POTUS.  #Liawatha is at again
What happened to RomneyCare?! Lol
Rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric  Rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric Rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric rhetoric
As for me, I am deeply a democrat; this is why I am in no way a socialist. Democracy and socialism cannot go together. #PCFACHISTS
Since when do you care about vets?
U are wrong as usual.  When will the scales drop from your eyes and your ears hear and your brain understand the truth?
Yes, Pocahontas, we realize you are NOW concerned about our Veterans!!
thanks for your Antifa support
Stop your nonsense, instead criticizing, you need to start working
What a Fake Joke you are...
So many of us lifelong Democrats are singing 
#CanYouHearUsNow ?
No?
You will lose 100's of more elections
Since when do libs care about Vets?  You guys deemed Military unfit for II Amendment.  Don't pull this B.S. You could care less twofaced
Why should I care these are the people who votes for Trump
You don't give a shit about veterans not have you ever helped them. Full of crap liar !
hey Liz. If you like Obamacare so much why are you and your family not on it?
EZ Pocahontas. Stop lying. You have no future cuz liberals have new Darling, Sally Yates. She will fail too.
Single payer!  Then we'd be on the right track
That's b.s. and you know it
Where the HELL were u when many died waiting on Govt VA Healthcare????? We all know what your priorities are.....and it's not Legal Citizens
As a vet myself why should a war time vet ever have to worry about their health that should be freaking guaranteed. They deserve the best
Vets have been pretty abused by gov't healthcare wouldn't you concede?
wrong again liawatha the single payer va is bad for vets just think how much single payer will suck for the rest of us
Deathcare plan by Twitler.  Treason, incompetence and utter insanity. He needs to GO!
haven't the vets sent you two Open letters asking you to negotiate healthcare bill instead of sitting on the sidelines?
You dems said premiums would go down by $2500, and that we could keep our doctors...Why should we believe you?
So vets are your only concern. What about the corruption and consistent law breaking @ the DOR? Fix your own house first!
when I heart this, it means thank you for letting us know. Not that I like what you're telling us.
How so, explain this, bet you cant
Yes, good. Use the fear
No women on the panel!? WTF
Because Vets were taken care of so well during Obama?
Since when do you care about  Vets?
it's not even a law yet.
Tax credits need to stop. Our country cannot afford individual payouts. Insurance cost controls were not included in ObamaCare & now you cry
It'll be devastating for the rest of us, as well. Some of us didn't have the opportunity to serve in the military.
We love you den warren
If you cared about vets you'd have spoke up about the VA atrocities that lead to numerous deaths. Not part of your agenda though....
I wouldn't talk about healthcare anything if I were you, especially anything having to do with veterans.
OMG your too funny!! Now your worried about Mass #vets b/c U know ur job is on the line for 2018. LOL No one is buying it #VoteHerOut
Obamacare was nothing but a very large tax bill why do you dumbasses think you were voted out. Trump are eliminated all the Democraps taxes
Liz, as usual you don't know what you are talking about
ARE YOU ON OBAMA CARE?
ITS THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT.   THERE IS NO SELLING IT WITH LIES CALLING IT "AFFORDABLE". PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF THE LIES YOU PUT OUT THERE
Ok, "Trumpcare" does not impact retired vets (20 years) or disabled vets at all.  What's the deal?  Who is impacted
Try to rule by decrees to avoid to face his citizens.#nationnotkingdom
still thinks that he is ruling a kingdom were only his family and court are the ones allowed to benefit and be cared for. #nationnotkingdom
All Americans are suffering as Obamacare is such a disaster. Please become a team player and help the Republicans fix it. Stop the grief.
You know nothing on vets healthcare.
I'm a vet n you pocohanas are still a damm liar!
You must be on or off meds to spin that fairy tale, Liarwatha. ACA is devastating middle America but then again YOU DEMS WANT THAT.
Zzzz
What are you doing to protect the ppl of Mass From the illegal Uber rapist? Have you the mayor or Govner set up a plan
Tax credits or not, veteran or not, Trumpcare is bad for the whole country!
Absolutely! I'm a disabled Navy veteran & I will find an atty with courage to sue Trump & the rest for putting me in danger!
@DanScavino Well DO something instead of talking the talk ~~ Walk the Talk. Effort bout the same so help vets vs bitching. Good Grief
The US needs single payer system. Cut out insurance companies. When CEO's of insurance companies salary is mid to high millions. No loss
Why don't the politicians fix it! Or get out of the way. My deductibles are killing me! Angry here. Fix it!
What the Heck?! Where were U these last 8 yrs while Vets died because Ur Paid VA managers refused to do anything or fix anything?! Hypocrite
Trump just recently did more for vets than anyone has ever done. I'm sure you weren't paying attention. As a vet I am very pleased
did you even read the thing? I have and you are spewing nonsense and fear mongering among your supporters. The bill changes very little
@SenateDems @HouseGOP yeah and what about Obamacare Mrs. Warren? It's your fault the premiums are rising.
First Dems screw up ACA. This comment isn't just a stretch it's pure nonsense. Sore loser strikes again.
All veterans should get a gold healthcare card to visit any hospital doctor or medical facility
Senator, A PRO-WAR DRAFT DODGER, (Trump) showed his contempt 4 those w/ courage, and shamed POWs, as LOSERS. Lazy dems. elected Trump. Sic.
Awe now u want to act like u care about our Vets? 
@SenateDems  Liar! You keep care away n you gave death in your hands from the brave that serve USA to keep u lying n safe!
Since when do you give a rat's ass about veterans, your loud mouth on that topic has been closed shut for a long time.
Devasting to all period. U know it's bad when the @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan wants congress to be exempt! #trumpcarelies #disaster #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you for standing for the people. These Trump troll are destroying this country with their ignorance
You had your chance to help create a better health care plan and you did nothing but bitch piss and moan
Devastating to everyone but the rich. Which was the point of the bill in the first place! You really need to run in the next election!
Why should they pay a nickel? ACA is a tax under the disguise of Healthcare. Fix the VA and protect those who protected America.
Government needs to get out of health business
Tell us why you choose to not use ACA? Tell us why Unions didn't want ACA? If it was so great wouldn't you all beg to have it? Pathetic lier
Liz what the hell have you ever done for veterans? The way I understand it, NOTHING! You have been out of touch and not supported them!
Then help & fix what needs to be fixed. It's not a done deal. Quit complaining and DO something!
I'm a Vietnam Vet using the Bedford VA. Staff & service great. Keep VA from being privatized maximizing profits rather than serving us vets.
Vets are already getting crappy care from the VA. ACA os falling apart so any change must be better
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @RepMcSally See, Rep McSally, you were told about the danger to Vets but yet you still voted for the bill.
Shaddup u cackling crow.
Shush Pocahontas!
So miss Warren when did Democrats start caring about veterans. Maybe you can add some Refugee funding
I am in favor of single payer. Now that trump has spoken out in favor of Australia's Universal Care
maybe Sanders can get with him , work it out! As if the lobbyists would allow it!
Americans are dying ten to fifteen years younger, Americans are no longer among the healthiest.

That's right. The majority of vets are not seen at VA hospitals
More fake news
Please stop complaining and DO something.
Why not investigate all the EBT and financial aid fraud. Bet that could pay for the VETS in MA.
Do you know you keep lying?  Maybe you are pathological.  Go get checked out. I know you have great insurance.  We keep paying for it
And yet you Democrats continue to devastate the military.
U & OBAMA DID NOTHING 4 OUR VETS SO JUST SIT DOWN SHUT UP & LET OUR PRESIDENT TRY 2 HELP OUR VETS!  @BarackObama @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Tell us what to do about it, and we're there. See them all in 2018!
Government-run VA health care worked so well
What is the state doing? Take care of Vets should be your top priority not getting reelected! Work on it you have time before the next vote
Explain to me why my ACA tax penalties should pay for healthcare that I'm not part of! You Dems are a bunch of damn crooks!
Senator with all respect please you and all of your colleagues, do your job.
And they probably voted for DT! GOP biting the hands that feed them.
Vets can seek assistance outside the VA. Crackpot. The reason they do, is because OC screwed us!
We should stop calling it Trumpcare. It's Ryancare. I'm not sure Trump's vocabulary has that many big words.
Please tell the truth!!!
You are an evil liar! The VA has nothing to do with Obamacare! The VA is single payer, and how is that working out for you? FRAUDS!!
They don't care
What did Obama's terms do to help the Vet's?
why do u care all of a sudden where were u for  the last 8 yrs
Remember Trump and the House did not care as they passed Trump's legislation then celebrated.
Generate new revenue with the legalization of marijuana use that tax for health care for all no higher taxes for anyone no premiums  to pay
Yes it will.

#GOPGOONS 
#ImpeachTrumpPence #Trumpcrimefamily 
#GOPGONE2018
ACA tax credits will increase under Trump so the young aren't paying more 2 supplement the elderly. Please state facts instead of fear.
If only they had a department -- we could call it a "veterans administration" -- that could provide the good care they deserve.
Independent commission Investigation Russia/Trump PLEASE PUSH FOR IT!!!!
If you funded the VA they wouldn't need additional healthcare.
WHEN R U GOING TO STOP SCARING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE? THE DEMS REFUSE TO FIND SOLUTIONS! YOULL SEE AT THE VOTING BOOTHS! USA SICK OF THIS!
All you liberals do is smear everything President Trump is doing - well where is your proof?
pathological liar, unethical, unconstitutional, and illegal.  That's Trump's formula.
Slow down the process until we can get a other congress!
Where was granny warren when our vets were dying in line waiting for care. What a F- ing fraud.
So much for 45's campaign promises to help our #Veterans.
#Sad.
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Oh stop it with the lies.  You and all of congress have NEVER fixed the VA disaster.   Disgusting how you treat our #vets
And replace it with what because ObamaCare is dying #chickenlittle
If they work they will get a partial refund in tax credits. IF they don't work, we'll bury them next to Granny.
Disgraceful. America is better than this.
For ANYONE in ANY state!!
How Ironic that there are Americans upset about a travel ban from Somalia; yet, that Country is killing our troops.
