Last wk, I visited the High Point Treatment Center in Plymouth, a treatment facility on the front lines of the opioid epidemic. #EndOverdose
Opioid treatment centers like High Point rely on Medicaid. Recent threats put their patients at risk. We need to expand – not cut – funding.
Some people rely on rx opioids to survive. Without them, I'd have killed myself due to chronic pain. Please keep this in mind, Senator.
Pre op I was taking high doses of morphine for pain. I wouldn't describe my self as addicted, but certainly dependent
I stopped taking morphine two weeks post op, withdrawal symptoms were hellish, but I didn't crave drugs like an addict would
May I ask what you had surgery for? I need surgery for DDD in my neck but that primarily affects people >50 &I'm 21 so no one wants to do it
I had an ankle fussion. The surgeon said I had the ankle of a 90 year old. Not much movement in my ankle now, but also no pain.
I hope you get the surgery you need.
Opioids ar great short term, but the human body is so great that it adapts very quickly, within 3 weeks I was upping the dose
Thank you!Luckily I'm on a stable dose and have been for awhile. In addition to pain meds I use biofreeze and a neck brace which really help
Elizabeth, I love you but you've got to be smarter than that. Addiction is been rampant for centuries. It doesn't matter the substance....
Regardless of the substance, this seems to be the vice of choice. Why not start here and work our way to less common addictions?
Do you really believe alcohol is a less common addiction?
No, not my point. My point was that this was widespread and could be eliminated without much consequences. Doing this with alcohol failed.
Caution is needed here.Many people with chronic pain can only get relief from opiods. Dont throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Won't we curb this problem if we Stop the Illegal Drug Cartels  from crossing the Mexican border ? Seriously - right? @realDonaldTrump
What about minors? Teens...kids in high school...are dying too. Not just adults.
Opioids are literally murdering my friends and loved ones in my community on Cape Cod.  Drug companies must be held accountable
Because someone abuses their product? How about legalize all drugs so that we can help them instead of making them criminals.
Let's all get stoned. Then nothing will ever matter to anyone. That should solve all problems. Scary part of this is this guy might vote.
We need to be for at least the next four years.
Yes  but most were pharmaceutical not street related, Ms. Warren. Please be more informative b/c there's s conception that Afroam's the Euro
And many in your party want to decriminalize drug use!  Go figure!! :/
Then legalize all drugs, ruin the cartels and bring addicts out of the shadows.
But don't forget those with actual chronic pain.people forget about us who use but don't abuse opioids.
You created the problem own it now.
How does that number compare to cigarette deaths? Serious question.
It's not even close. This is a few years old but I don't imagine it's changed much: http://www.mysanantonio.com/lifestyle/health-family/amp/Drugs-contributed-to-over-515-000-deaths-in-the-6073450.php …
I think working on the opioid problem is the right thing to do, but the rhetoric is ridiculous.
I don't mean this in a nasty way so I hope it comes off as sincere, but if this epidemic affected you or loved ones u might feel differently
That is not really the point, but I understand what you're saying.  In terms of public priorities, math, facts and statistics are essential.
I think it's a bigger picture though. If you just tally deaths, you are not thinking about the effect of relapse recovery cycles on families
What exactly are you doing for the people of your state? Too busy bad mouthing others but not doing your job
Too bad you wasn't one of them
Nothing to do with drugs coming across the border - the one without a wall!!  Get on board or get the hell out of the way!
So isn't alcoholism and lung cancer what about those. Just a pollution let's fix what's hot let the others take a back seat
More than 300000 sex trafficked #2revenue. Why doesn't any one care?
Help build the wall
WAKE UP WHITEHOUSE---YOU ALOW CHEMS IN FOOD,AIR,WATER THAT ARE LINKED 2 HURTING PEOPLE THEN THEY GET ON PAIN PILLS BECAUSE OF YOU FIX -FDA !
If u didn't spend so much time obstructing and fighting against Trump maybe u could have helped these people so sad Pocahontas
Yeah that's why President Trump declared war on the gangs, it's good you jump on the bandwagon Mrs. Warren.
Treatment centers are great if an overdose lives long enough to get into one..
Overdose can kill in 5 min. what is EMS response time?  Give them a chance - Narcan isn''g a cure but it would give them time for EMS
Hmmm, don't do drugs?
But illegals and drug smuggling over border along with sanctuary cities to protect drug traffickers is ok?
Help instead of hindering
As Senator Please tell us what part did you play in fighting this epidemic you speak of?  #wearelistening
Thanks to the dems. Keep the needy doped and you can stay in power.
another sign of broken mental health system
It's been going on over two decades. I don't see how that's a sudden epidemic! But I don't live in an ivory tower in Washington so....
There goes the voter base you needed.
If your so upset might I suggest you start taking oxy
There should be a way to solve medically like give them some special injection to make them not to take opioid
So, another problem highlighted by a democratic without defining "why" and offering a solution .  Our great do nothing senator from MA.
Have you considered it was there choice?
More of a structural problem: not seeing a glimmer of hope in future?!
How many people died from medical malpractice?
#endaddiction would be even better
Legalize marijuana.
Then start funding the wall, cut down on those opiods getting across the border and a great deal of illegal gun trafficking build the wall!
And you sitting squaw did nothing back then and never was in the state.  Must be close to election time. Huh
I agree
Yes indeed. So little time & deadly.
I live in Texas & my son died April 29th addiction to hydrocodone. It's big pharma. Stop lining your pockets!
Overprescribing OxyContin was the cause. Prosecute the companies that offered payola to doctors that cooperated.
Truth!
Will power & Darwin
Over 5000 in Florida.
Would it be much to ask them to just stop making the product?
The people are desperate for a shepherd
Wow did you just wake up
Stop the Dr offices then,
The people need to choose to stop.
Typical response to a problem caused by government interference in things.
Too bad you wasn't one of them you baby killer
Do something about it warren
It is a #drugepidemic and drug trafickers have used it to their advantage using fentanyl to further their profits off other people's misery.
It's and epidemic that is fuel by greed and big pharma
I think money is wasted with safe injection sights...put the money toward rehabs @SenWarren they toss needles where use to hold on to them
Don't worry I'm sure they'll still vote for you.
Maybe you should stop taking them?
Agree
Legalization would provide funds to help treat addicted !  The criminals profit currently and it's not working !
Legalization of all drugs to end the shadow economy
Hey Pokey-- just say no to Democrats and you'll ban drugs too  !!
But people needing meds after surgery are being denied because of these jerks. Docs worry about getting on Fed list.
Go after big pharmaceutical  then
Was that on or off the reservation ?
So u think we should keep clinics open . Keep the opys flowing! How's your banking pot Legislation coming along
Sure is a "dopey" state
How many of them obtained the opioids illegally?
what have you done to turn around?
Can't imagine you having anytime for the people, you're too busy bashing Trump and promoting yourself
and our liberal state is making safe places to shoot up. Smh
No one broaches the subject of personal responsibility. Only the individual can say NO. Remember "Just say no"?
Yes the opioid OD problem is huge, it is a multi faceted issue.
http://americanaddictioncenters.org/meth-treatment/success-rate-for-ibogaine/ … AND 
 
Introduction – Ayahuasca
Who is to blame? Don't give me that stupid liberal answer.
Post treatment intervention must include what Gov Brown of Calif is now proposing: hiring ex-offenders
So what have you done to support the efforts to curtail this problem? Shut up and get out and work the issue instead of running Ur mouth!
Hmmmm look at the numbers. What else happened around this same time?
Oh wait I know
#MakeBetterChoices #DontDoDrugsIdiot
Sad  but true. I don't have an addiction but was on pain killers, I had the will to  taking them.  Thank God.
This is heartbreaking 
It's totally heartbreaking but it's your state. That says a lot
I wish there was this much outcry when y'all flooded our communities with crack cocaine!
How many die of over dose of illegal drugs. I need to take an opioids to relieve my back pains but like I follow the doctors orders
I'm a palliative care NP, I don't want to be limited or feel restricted in my ability to relieve suffering because of legislation or fear
As sad as that is Ohio is far worse!!!
And that heroin just flows over that open border. #YoureNotHeartBrokenEnough #BuildThatWall
@steeletalk  @jonmccomb980  @simisara980
NOT HEARTBREAKING ENOUGH TO DO ANYTHING CONSTRUCTIVE TO STOP THESE DEATHS BUT VERY CONSTRUCTIVE "VOTE GRABBING TWEET #THEYNEVERSTOP
Most of the poppys  for the drugs is grown in Afghanistan with a wink and a nod from our government. Exchanged for cooperation
Ohio's OP use is epic & deadly/#1 in U.S. LEARN: Am watching TV Docu: Gone:Forgotten Women/OH by @JoeBerlinger Docmaker & @AngelaClemente0
How can SLCK LIZZIE feel sorry for law breaking Dope Heads and then badmouth ppl that want to have free speech
Elizabeth, you do not care, you are for any cause that you feel will make you look good. You’re the biggest hypocrite in government!
Start by helping our country build a wall
88,000 ppl a year die from alcoholism. 15,000 a year die from opioid overdose. The alcohol lobby wins again.
Where were you and obama ! This isn't new ! Now with trump it huge ! Idiot
What have you done about it
What ever happened to accountability and personal responsibility?  Democrats feel entitled to things rather than working for them #sosad
But your dang gov pushed treatment centers drain insurance and people with CRAP care & zero compassion. Do U hurt from up til bed? Gov kills
Build the wall to slow the flow of drugs into our country #maga
Over 1.6M babies murdered in the womb in the USA every year yet I don't hear you speaking out about them. Choice? No Murder! #hypocrite
Why do so many people start doing drugs? If they knew drugs would destroy their life why would they start. Understanding this is critical!
What are you doing about the catastrophic problem??? All talk no action
Sure is got any ideas on how to stop it.
Break out the Guard and nail those dealers
Often young and highly intelligent. So many lives destroyed  Families devastated. Educate & regulate. No one should be jailed for addiction
Isn't that your state? What have you done about it POCAHONTIS
this is a problem indeed. What do you propose to do to help?
A fraction of that number died of gun violence and you Leftists want to ban guns. Not a single word on banning pain pills?
Ibogain is illegal in the US. So is Ayawascha. These treatments reset the brain to a point pryor to addiction. It doesn't work for everyone.
#BuildTheWall
PLEASE, FOR THE LOVE OF OUR CHILDREN AND FAMILY look into IBOGAIN TREATMENT FOR OPIATE AND OTHER ADDICTIONS
The problem is solving itself with each drug loser that dies be patient its a slow process. 

Honesty is not your strong side.
close the border
Your absolute FAILURE to do anything about it means you are #notmysenator!
Where is the primary source of heroin coming from? Can we now address how to control the border?
GM @SenWarren #EndOverdose In 2005-2016 OVER WAY TOO LONG I taken medications for my severe #workplace #PTSD etc. cause by @CambridgePolice
Do you have any plans to monitor those writing the scripts? Is your plan just throw tax payer money at it & hope for the best.
I know a lot of people who have died in past 10-15 years,so sad, need a happy medium in combatting it though, some people have legit pain
I think it is messed up that true chronic pain pts get screwed for heroin and fentonal deaths. Check stats, all opioids lumped in one catag.
It would be nice to end opioid overdoses but start with dr. education. Next, study actual cause of overdose, not call it just opioid death.
How, Senator? Solutions?
I have contacted everyone locally and recently the DOJ with information that will help. My son has been addicted 20 yrs
No kidding what do you think president trump is dong
And democrats have ignored it for years.
It's doctors in Mass who prescribed these drugs, what is the state doing about it... of course you want a Federal bail out...hand out!
How actual EMTs on LI feel about narcan and post online.
The true "epidemic" is legit chronic pain pts taking opioids responsibly R being denied medication b/c of addicts!  THAT'S HEARTBREAKING!
Well, you and your party should stop letting drug dealers out of prison, don't you think Warren?
For the last 20 years the government pushed pain medication. Nailed hospitals/nursing homes for not medicating pain. Then yank it. #Govfault
Opioid overdoses have drastically dropped in states that have legalized marijuana!! Start there!!
And what about those of use who rely on opioid's for chronic pain? We're not abusing the drug. #opioidcrisis #opioidepidemic #Disability
That's why potus wants the wall. Stop the drugs at the border. Get with the program and help him.
You do realize that there's already a fence across most of the border already, don't you? And Warren is talking about Rx, not illegal drugs.
Build wall, cut taxes, jail Clinton and cronies, destroy liberalism, drain swamp, repeal Obamacare, less gov't more freedom. That's not2much
W/O addressing poverty, despair & the lack of appropriate MH care/facilities which leads people 2 self-medicate, no War On Drugs'll succeed.
Don't report do something
TY @SenWarren #EndOverdose #TRUTH I did OVER way too long taken medications for my #WorkPlace #PTSD phobia cause by #Haters @CambridgePolice
Congress must take on shady drug companies &  Medical Boards who refuse to discipline rogue HCPs Opioid addiction starts in your  MDs office
Remember most opioid deaths are from fentanyl. and other prescription drugs; Big Pharma has  played a huge role a  profited from this crisis
Perhaps they're depressed over substandard representation.
Quit tweeting about it and do something you moroon
I guess you are backing President Trump since he has set a group to work on this opioid crisis
I have an idea to solve the problem, but it's kinda crazy. Let me know if you're interested.
Hey Liz, why aren't you personally contributing any significant $ or time to this and Harvey victims? You really don't care enough I suppose
It's a huge problem because you allow so much to be made, and zero accountability for their actions. Drugs are a choice!
#naturalselection #enddruguse
Who's bringing the dope into our country?
I hear no one likes you ? Why do they call you Pocahontas?
That's is from OBAMACARE
And we have prisions all across the US filled with Afro-Ameri. who had a baggie of Pot or crack cocaine where is ur concern of that epidemic
Stricter laws on the dispensing of opioids are needed. Hospital use only! It is mega  for the Big Pharm.
Now our first responders are put at risk because some of these drugs are lace with fentanyl! More has to be done to crack down on drugs!
More than 300,000 people will be diagnosed with the infectious Borrelia spirochete in the US this year. It's a pandemic & its heartbreaking
Then what are your plans to mitigate these drugs?
So bad Drug companies and some doctors responsible
The FDA is a joke! Repeal and replace them!
We agree Lizzy. Why aren't you working with President Trump to help with the crisis? Why didn't Obama do anything about it for 8 years?
Opioid overdose isn't disease, it's a choice. You insult those suffering from real disease when you call opioid abuse a disease.
It is an addiction that in many cases results from the treatment of a disease or injury. That disease or injury was not a choice.
Enabling defined as not requiring people to take responsibility for their actions. Adicts have no incentive to sober if considered victims.
I'm asking if you see it as choice if someone becomes addicted after being prescribed pain meds after surgery or injury. It happens.
addicts need care; pain patients need care but we are NOT the same group of people. Stop grouping us together
Do something about it. Isn't that what you get paid for?
Senator Warren, can you try to introduce to the Senate a living wage of $2000 dollars to give to people disable so they can survive?
Then why are you so against border control/enforcing  immigration laws etc,drugs pour over and under the borders every second of every day!
Legalize cannabis federally.
Senator Warren, I'll vote for you in the 2020 elections if you become the candidate. You have nice ideas about universal healthcare.
Imagine if 2000 MA residents had been killed by terrorists?
Easy withdraw all troops from Afghanistan and end any involvement there.
this is an opportunity to do something productive. the drug companies pay money for  reelection. Do right thing;
How is that every bodies problem that didn't have drug themselves to death just to get through the 8 years of Obama and dipshits like you
Sounds like massachusetts has a problem with Junkies...
Yes but please do not muck it up 4the people that really do need it! I am a caregiver for someone who lives with chronic pain she needs it
Been building for 8 years. Where have ya been?
Opium is grown in abundance by the Taliban in Afghanistan!
Withholding opioids from CP patients, the suicide rate is gonna be high! It is not fair to punish those that need their opioids to function!
Thank you for the stats.  What are you doing about it?  Talk is cheap.
MA born '55, moved to AZ in '72. Too many friends in MA have kids with opioid crisis. Not so bad in AZ. Why?
Liberals like yourself had a big hand in the epidemic.
Pocahantas knows liberals do not care for the addicted.
And you have not done a damn thing about it..POOP
You are a congresswomen not a reporter what are you doing about it?
