Betcha don't get booed.
Nor should she. :)
Future GOAT President should never get booed.
No one should be. People are honored to recieve an invitation.  No one of any party or position should be booed.
Disagree. Those rats in the trump admin deserve to be heckled and spat upon at every possible opportunity
The better way is not to invite them. Why should any class wreck graduation  listening to that?
I agree with that! But if the honchos at the school are dumb enough to invite a Devos, the students have every right 2 be disrespectful.
That I agree with. Everyone's  time was wasted and the person inviting her was at fault. Absolutely.
"The principal that NO ONE is above the law" - INCLUDES HILLARY CLINTON! So glad for a special prosecutor! #hillaryjail
Aho'
Your not worth a dime, and what a shame your speech was!
It's wonderful for the graduating class to listen to someone with ethics, pretty rare these days.
I read about your political rant. Liberalism is truly a mental disorder.
Please come back in 2020 and do it again.
Clinton Obamas & you dems helped wealthy & corporations try 2 fundamentally change US trample our rights erase US border & steal resources
Yet another reason why I am happy my daughter is graduating from @UMassD tomorrow.
Proud Alumni class of 08 !   How wonderful for my Alma-mater!
Very SELFISH speech. This was a day for the graduates and their families, NOT you and your self-aggrandizement.
It's always fun when you are preaching to the sycophants.
then talk about them not Trump. Give the man a break. It's not like you're perfect!!!
It's sad we elect politicians with "no self control". Commencement speeches should be uplifting & inspirational, not politically partisan
SHAME on you!  The Graduates DESERVED INSPIRATION ...NOT your hubris and personal GRUDGE.  TAKE A LESSON from Pres' Liberty *USEFUL* speech.
Way to keep it classy. You lunatic.
Lucky them 
Please let me help u. I'm 67. Watch hillarys America on DVD and learn. Book too. Dvd on obama too. Very scary and dangerous. True facts
Wish I was there!
Dept of injustice was under fascist leftists Obama Holder Lynch Tom Perez & you dems who still thinks you're above the law & accountability
Your speech was disgusting.Your re-election campaign is in trouble.Your #'s in Mass are abysmal,and your opponent hasn't started on you yet!
That's the kind of school I would not be surprised would ask you.  Its known for party party party and nothing else
And poor sad Georgia w no followers never gets invited to any of them.
Im married 50 years so i must have one friend

Did you perform a tribal dance?
Did they need a liar to set off in the right direction for life?  Betsy has more character in her little finger than U.
Sen. Warren shows what intelligence and integrity look like.  Too bad we can't say the same about 45!
Now THAT'S a COMMENCEMENT SPEAKER!!!
Right!? What an honor having someone of her caliber...a bit jealous lol
This woman has courage to speak her mind - and SINCERELY CARES about AMERICAN CITIZENS!
Lizzy, you are just a token. Nobody really listened to your hatred.
What a horrible speech Pocahontas to Bernie supporters who didn't vote after the DNC rigged the election. Sad
I attended ceremony to hear a motivational messgae...NOT a political speech!
Then you had to turn their big moment into a political sermon. In stead of words to inspire. You have really stooped low. That was shameful.
"No one is above the law" oh well Betsy, I guess that's why you supported HRC campaign? You should preach what you say. Not a good example
Using THEIR EVENT to advance your political agenda with a speech full of lies. No surprise, given your long history of lying Pocahontas
"Obstruction of justice department"?  You're obviously talking about Loretta Lynch & Eric Holder. Wonder how those students felt about you..
Hey Warren, how bout listing those violations by Trump? How bout showing that evidence you lie about this B.S. Trump/Russia Demoturd crap
behind bars for all their crimes, never to see the light of day. But you obviously never mentioned that TRUTH to the students Pocahontas
"No one is above the law"? If that's the case, then Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedine, & most in that administration would be...
Congrats to all!
Why do I think you won't get booed?
Elizabeth Warren who previously hurled insults at James Comey now takes them back to oppose his firing. INDIAN GIVER!
So happy my daughter was class of 2016
Elizabeth Warren is a crook. A crooked politician!
Restore this nation to it's greatness,  establish term limited for our representatives, would eliminate all the career politicians.
If no one's above the law, why is Hillary still free and not in jail?  If no one is above the law, why are you still not charged with fraud?
Feel bad for those student got to listen to a liar and a communist
Thanks Elizabeth for the clarification. HRC & her cronies certainly believe she was above the law.  Your hypocritical colors are shining!!
Would have loved to hear you.   My college was quarters at the time, I got no graduation since I was winter quarter.   Just a large bill.
Filling the lives of our youth with lies and bullshit.

YOUR RUINED GRADUATION! FEEL PROUD YOU OLD HACK

No one is above the law except Hillary, right Pocahontas?
Putting the final liberal nail in their snowflake coffins. Did you promise them $15 min now that they've wasted $40k on an indoctrination?
I would have been SOOOOOOOOOOO pissed if you were to speak at my commencement,  and then use it as a pulpit to spew your political garbage!!
U were a disgrace. Disparaged the POTUS? Disgusting political hack. Yes, some are above the law. COMEY let Hillary off. She above the law???
Damn, what a ripoff. All those years in college and they get you?
Did they get a Native American discount?
Keep on fighting the good fight. Never give up & never give in!
I bet nobody booed you at the graduation.
Classless speech you made there Pocahontas!
How did you get there, on your broom?
Really Pocahontas.  No shame.
U are a horrible person opposing the President & DOJ at a graduatiing speach! V wrong! Sneaky to brainwash young minds! Let them judge alone
How much are you charging this college ?
Did you tell them how you faked Native American heritage to land a $500,000 teaching job and that may have contributed to their student dept
Your chance to be inspirational but you chose petty and small
What a grueling task it must have been to sit and listen to you.
Liked how you admitted that you are there for the top 1% and that Hillary Clinton should be in jail. Best part!
Ur not worthy to speak because you spread hate & lies
Yea ok lady, u up there speaking about the wealthy ppl. Well , why don't tell them just how wealthy you are, and how u got there! #liar
Yes Fauxahontas! No one, no one shld be above the law! INCLUDING HILLARY CLINTON!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ms. Warren, who tried not to become political in her speech, but she couldn't help herself. What a joke!
I guess Amherst lost the coin toss
Only going to encourage her ignorance.
wish I could hear you!  #2020
wish I could
Lucky grads!
How much did they waste on you to speak ? We know you didn't do it for free
"No one is above the law. We need a justice dept. not an obstruction of justice dept." said the woman who campaigned heavily for Hillary
The only people you care about are illegal immigrants!  You are anti- American and you do it all for money and bites!
Did you get paid for this one?
God help these students.
They got the best.
Another crop going out into the world thinking they are victims looking to blame their failures on somebody else.
Anyone get up and walk out?Oh.Thats right.Thats just the left.Even when @BetsyDeVos isnt 1/2 to the right,as you are to the left. Wierd huh?
Just great. More college students encouraged to riot & commit violence in the name of "resistance." Can't they find a non-violent speaker?
Do you always see imaginary riots in your head? Get some help while the ACA still covers you.
How much did you pay for that fake doctorate gown?  Guess I'm not surprised.
They were so lucky to have you!! You're an inspiration to so many of us.
Yeah and then the Dean threatened them with mailing diplomas...um they already get mailed you fool...they don't hand out the real ones
did you babble incoherently as usual I bet it was a" great" school
Did you apologize to the students for The Bleak Future you created for them by not supporting @SenSanders in the Massachusetts primary?
 
Oh my god who broke the LAW to let you in
i heard you were not honored. I heard all the boos Liz!
Pretty sure you didn't watch and make up your own reality.
she was shouted down dont be fooled by her tweets. Living proof my friend.
After this she is going to Foxwoods for another speech.
How much are you getting paid for that gig? Indian money?
I feel sorry for those students
#Disgrace
Oh I come from Alabama with a peanut for a brain
Actually I come from Massachusetts with a disgrace for a senator
Liz loves her fellow America haters.
Calling yourself a patriot doesn't mean you care about the betterment of the nation.
A whole new recruiting class for #Pocahontas and #comrade @SenSanders. #capitalism is bad, #socialism & #Communists are good, right?
Liz, bad dog. Your embarrassed yourself again. Kennel up!
You're. Poor thing, but there's no cure for stupid.
where's antifa when you need 'em?

I feel bad for those poor people that had to sit through that leftist propaganda. Did you wag your boney finger?
Think she used a megaphone?
Her voice is nauseating. It sounds like a shreak
That is the best you could get. Rally 
Yup, rally. 
No protest. No violence, No crazy outrage... Imagine that...
I'm sure there are conservative students at UMass. Did they show their a** like those at Bethune cookman. Let me answer that..... NO
Thank god my kids do not attend that school!!
Poor people.
Did you teach them how to build a tipi?
Deep Fried Frog Legs
1 cup flour
1/4 cup fine cornmeal
1 tsp salt
1/2 tsp pepper
Cajun seasoning to taste
Eggs
Oil for frying
...
How much did u charge?
Tell them that you pay females less than males in your office.
20 bucks says the students won't shout her down
I'm sure they are honored to have you.
My niece graduated today and was so looking forward to hearing her.
@eldvt there she is. the minutemen !!
Is this one of your other part time $325,000 year job. FAUXKAHONTAS CHIEF SITTING BULL
The lunatic is on the grass
The lunatic is on the grass 
Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs 
Got to keep the loonies on the path
I bet you wont get booed!!!
Let me take a wild guess: You disrespected the President??
Snowflakes hearing total socialist bullfrom lyin Pocahontas
You mean University of Socialist Indoctrination. The humanist movement will never win Ole Gal.
Make sure you tell them had a make believe they're Indians Native American Indian so they can get ahead of the line
What an honor to the grads, senator. You're an an amazing, inspirational, shining example of who I strive to be.
How sad.
Bottom fishing to have you as a speaker
The faculty of UMass when I was there failed to do scholarship required to grant doctorates. What a bunch of phonies.
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU AS A CANDIDATE FOR THE W.H IN 2020 @SenWarren @UMassAmherst

Got a single solid argument about her political career or are you a kid on the school yard?
You're the only one
It is their honor to hear you
Another crop going out into the world thinking they are victims looking to blame their failures on somebody else.
I'm sur they were thrilled, NOT
why aren't you speaking out against conservatives not being able to speak at a university!! U r not a true American
You'd probably spontaneously combust if you stepped onto a college campus. Your tiny brain couldn't handle more than a talking point.

Only someone with your intellect (or lack thereof) would think being against facism is a bad thing
Are u gonna throw money into the crowd to help redistribute your wealth and pay for free education?
Looks like nobody got fined $10 bucks.
Never happened but you keep on repeating what Fox tells you like a good little Quisling.
So what was your dissertation on? How you feel conservatives are always wrong? Give it a break! Grow up and stop the whining!
I'm sure they are honored to hear you speak Senator Warren!
And I would imagine they were thrilled to have you!  Congrats to you and the graduates!  Keep on doing good works.
Applause, applause, applause that's what Beth wants
Sad that Kentucky sucks and you're stuck with Ayn Rand in drag and turtle face McConnell deciding your fate?
Hope you will speak in NYC soon as well. Keep up the good work.
I'm guessing you didn't get booed off stage like our supposed Secretary of "Education"
Another crop going out into the world thinking they are victims looking to blame their failures on somebody else.
Another Trumper who can't spell. And NH. The largest suburb of MA that can't support itself without paychecks earned in Warren's MA.
Don't you already pay ppl to do that for you?
Yay!
Please lord I would just shot myself.
Did you drove or did you flew?
I bet @SenWarren didn't  get booed like @BetsyDeVosED did at her speech.
My alma mater!  Wish I was graduating this year to hear you speak Senator!
Her title "How do you make great smoke signals".
Luck school! Bernie is at Lyndon State this week end! I love NE!
You should've been in Daytona Beach and not Devos. Imagine the happiest day of your educational life ruined by that woman. 
I hope they brought their earplugs! Try not to screech, it hurts the ears!
Or whine like she cares
Boooooooooooo!

It's so sad you'll never experience the touch of a woman.
@seanhannity @AnnCoulter ......a campus that didn't cancel speech.  Hmmmmm
Wait.......where are the protesters fauxahontas
How much are you charging them? $$$$$$
@POTUS @GregGutfeldShow @seanhannity You Are More Qualified To Speak At The Delusional Democratic And Liberal Annual Insanity SeminarPerfect
What was it welcome a Native American day???
Those poor indoctrinated kids
I BET THEY AREN'T
Boy.. when Thier funding gets pulled..gonna be more of a shit hole than it already is..
