He needs to be fired, jailed
Back in the mid 80's. He was nominated for to be a federal judge. He didn't even make it thru the committee hearings.
True, he's a bigoted horrible person
That's why he has the nickname, the Grand Wizard of Alabama!
Yes I believe that
Trump brought into his cabinet and administration some real garbage and wannabe people!
All garbage
LMAO! I've seen you text worse words! But, your are very right.
I'm sure the lord jesus had some say in this matter
He will guide the way...
but does jesus forgive sinners?
Republican Jesus does
God forgives EVERYONE.  A Republican Jesus.....what blasphemy! God help you.
Don't you mean Jesus? Will he forgive me, like he does with Sessions, or do I have to pray conservatively?
God will forgive ALL sinners. It's not complicated. God son died on the cross for all of our sins. All anyone has to do is except him in 
Really? even muslims? because a lot of Christians in the GOP seem to hate muslims, and won't forgive their sins. Seems an odd predicament.
He has a pretty shitty memory to be an Attorney General of the United States.
Eventually you will be forced to recuse yourself of being a honest and start senator. Oh wait that's already happened.
As per Commie Comey, there was NO Investigation.  Get your facts straight!
He did not lie. In your corrupt mind, he seemed to lie.
He didn't "lie." He's clearly explained the context of Manchin's questioning. You MUST be smarter than this. You treat us like we're dumb.
Forced ???  He followed the law. Something you wouldn't know about.
You lied to all Americans, i.e  Indian. WTF
Way to twist the facts so they fit into your liberal agenda, have you no integrity at all?
#PARTYOVERCOUNTRY #cowardlygop #REPUBLICANS willing to #burndowndemocracy to cover for #trumptraitors #crooksandliars #unholytrumptrio
Sad but true! Well said.
Why do you continue to lie day after day to your supporters?  Sessions did NOT recuse himself for "lying" as he did nothing illegal/wrong.
You are a liar. I cannot believe you are so mean. Once a liar always a liar.
Far left should look at facts,instead of relying on nutjob @SenWarren &MSNBC for info. 99% of DC is crooked, but Far Left has evil agenda.
Lol look at you with your personal attacks on twitter! Very presidential!
He is the top cop and he lied under oath. Please Please never forget that fact. He needs to resign.
I keep searching for your tweets expressing your outrage with Lynch, Susan rice, Cindy, etc... perhaps you're a biased hypocrite?!?!?!
This is where you need to stay on topic. This thread is about Sessions. Now Lynch screwed up also no question but that is another thread.
He should recuse himself from Washington DC. Go home for good. We have had enough of your redneck thinking.
WHY is Sessions still AG, he LIED to Congress, if it where a Clinton there would be House & Senate TRAILS, demands for RESIGNATION, etc !
That is a lie and you know it
Keep hitting the crack pipe!! Hoping you go so far left you fall off the planet. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Everyone appointed by Trump are like him: liars!
GO GET EM LIZ, TRUMP NEEDS TO BE KNOCKED DOWN ABOUT A THOUSAND PEGS!
What about your meetings with Captain John Smith?#Pocahontas @JackPosobiec @PrisonPlanet @Cernovich @mitchellvii @seanhannity @MarkSimoneNY
HE WASN'T FORCED TO RECUSE HIMSELF.  IT WAS THE RIGHT THING TO DO....UNLIKE LORETTA LYNCH
There is NO Russia collusion. #fakenews
Stop the witch hunt
Use your broom for the greater good, 
Hop on and fly away. Far away.
#MAGA
How is there no connection? They influenced our election, he won. Also firing the people investigating the case? How do you know?
The Russians had nothing to do with the election. I cast my own ballot as did millions others. I didn't see any Russians. Just crybaby libs.
But, now he can't remember. Dementia. The new convenience.
He remembers to "Not remember".
Get real . Making up lies does not help. U R not a leader. You are sick. He is as good as anyone there. Till truth or get out
What's a lie in that statement? He did recuse himself and he admitted he lied about or "misremembered" the meetings. Think before you tweet
Except he showed you the relevant statute losers. I mean sore losers
Is that kind of like you lying about being an Indian for political, employment and financial gain?
He was certainly "recawlectionawly challenged!"
He did not lie, but you continue to push false narrative and you are not working for all Americans.
So is he just getting old and forgetful? Not good attorney general material if you ask me. Work on that memory retention maybe
No Dave Andrews she is not. She is one of the best senators.
I will call you Nancy jr. nothing ever good to say.
How was his failure to disclose not disqualifying for USAG?
Why can't we get any of these violations and unethical behavior addressed? How bad does it have to get before we can take legal action?
Alleluia . Some one finally has the smoking gun on his meeting with the Russians. Please share
More of you lousy accusations. I suppose u think Hillary isnt a liar and that makes u a liar!
Go read the facts and the shut up
You mean the two meetings? Then passing each other in a a hotel lobby makes three.
So, Sessions lied yesterday too? Said he didn't know why! Was pretty worked up about it too!  Sessions making a habit of lying under oath.
They are all lying,  and loyal ass kissers! He should tattoo lips on his ass so those guy's don't have to touch his face! They kiss good!
Your so full of BS
The proverbial pot calling the kettle black. You'll never be POTUS! Go away Faucahontas!
Again Mrs Warren. You deceive the American people. As a Senator, his job was to meet with foreign entities. Quit it.
You simply just outright lie, about most things. Your have a warped infatuation with russians and we all see through your Goebbles like crap
You are fibing again. Inciter!!!
@god I am so sick of @POTUS and his lackeys #Shit!
Shame on you.
It you don't know God find someone who does and get them to explain. God is love and yes he forgive sins if you Are honest. He loves you
I am calling out joking About Jesus. If you knew the Father,Son ,HolySpirt you would praise them. God is with the ones who know him. Thank U
Lock him up!
More Liberal lies....  at least he didn't plead the fifth like all of Obamas goons.
That's right, ma'am! #KeepYourEyeOnTheBall
Wrong
Wow and Come didn't lie you need to get out from under your rock sweety.
Elizabeth Warren lead minion leading the minions
@dremmelqueen he actually recused himself from ANYTHING dealing with the 2016 presidential campaigns. His email to #Comey stated
You are so wrong. What % Native American are you?
Politico transcript pg 22...Rubio question?
SESSIONS:[ I don't believe in my conversations with the three times
Why can't you just drop the Russian thing. Y'all lost the election, man up. It is all made up just like your Native American  roots
LIE!  Do you ever state any facts Chief Fullofshit?  Can't wait for Diehl to take your seat!
#LyingSessions
The ignorance of Liberals is astounding. Warren lies and you all fall in line. #pathetic #LiberalHack #LieAWatha
Guess old Hillary giving up classified emails on her private server was ok even though it was beyond illegal. She needs to be in jail.
Will any action be taken re: Sessions as pertains to perjury, Contempt of Congress, or Obstruction? Feels like at least one is in order, no?
Like how you lied and told every school you ever went to that your a Native American?
lynch meeting clinton, lynch telling comey its a matter not investigation,  all clintons gang took the 5th, your all liars cheats and thieve
of all the people to tell someone else they need to resign...your fake ass is the last one who should be doing so
.@SenateMajLdr Shouldn't what @SenWarren said call for an ethic violation complaint being filed?
NOT TRUE!!!
He wasn't forced to recuse himself! He voluntarily did it so shrieking shrews like u couldn't spin & accuse him of any impropriety! SHUT UP!
Keep  the resistance up.. we need you during this dark time in our country 
Yet, he simply doesn't remember them, or their content, now. Recuse? He should retire if his memory is that bad!
Is passing somebody on an escalator and exchanging greetings considered a meeting? Fold up your tipi and go home if that's all you got!
Once again you are spewing hatred to the people instead of trying to unify this country
If he did not recurs himself you would be all over his ass for that too
He actually should not recuse  himself. He tried to do what he thought was the right thing but you are attacking for that too?
Obviously didn't read organizer of the events report. Typical of Indian squaw.
Lizzy:  With all due respect, you're unamerican. Time for you to get out of politics please.
Thank you for putting his "testimony" in perspective!
Quit obstructing... Perhaps it's time for the Justice department to turn its attention to you Bank account EW
Why would you try to destroy your former colleague. This is purely political you know Sessions isn't a Russian agent. Witch hunt.
Hillary couldn't remember where she hid her server,snippergate,how many devices,bengazi,etc and to think, she wAnted to be president
Democrats had more meetings with russia
But in actuality has not behaved whatsoever as tho he recused himself. Was involved in Comey firing. Sessions must go!
2 is far from multiple.
Flat out lie. You are becoming the worst liar in Washington DC.  Quite a feat.
you've heard of fake news well there are a lot of fake senators out there and you're one of them
or he forgot? He is an idiot! For an AG, he doesnt have a very good memory!
And no collusion has been proven.  Will you allow him to regain his good name?
LIAWATHA strikes again he recused himself because of a REAL regulation/policy at the DOJ how dare you mislead n lie about testimony given
Liar and you know it. He resigned when the Trump campaign was involved because involvement with the campaign.He was doing the right thing
Ummm check your facts...  he was not forced. He did it on his own recognizance. And the "meetings" were chance encounters. STOP LYING WARREN
Now you r just making up lies #FakeNewsCNN
Tap
Wow Senator. You have the ability to make a mountain out of a mole hill. All politics, playing to your base. Sessions testimony was a joke
Plus he wasn't forced! Seriously do you even listen? You were sitting right there. Did you ignore knowing you'll get the dnc talking points?
He stated "clearly" that he recused himself because investigation was about Trumps campaign and he was a part of the campaign. You need help
The drugs you took in the 60's must be coming back to haunt you. This entire statement you made is utterly false.
Liar
QUIT SPREADING LIES OR YOU'LL BE SORRY, WHAT COMES AROUND GOES AROUND!!!!
Ummm... no. AG Sessions recused himself because he worked in the Trump Campaign. #stopspreadinglies #pocahontas #youarepathetic
Says the woman who tried to stop Gorsuch's confirmation by claiming Trump was under investigation when she KNEW that was a lie
Pocahontas
I am really trying to figure out if you're are truly nuts, Lizzie or just a detestable old bag who would sell her soul for a sniff of power.
She is once again delusional. Needs to be removed from office.
Waste of time and tax payers money. All of you should be ashamed. Do your damm job while you still have one
@Trumpnado2016 Yes so why didn't he? Even more disconcerting, why is he even AG?
The take home message here is Sessions lies.
Sorry Pocahontas and you libs....We the people know this Russia crap us just that crap. Just like your 2018 and 2020 chances. #goaway
likes
LOCK HIM UP!
Please keep going down this rabbit hole! Please keep chasing kremlin narratives.   At this pace democrats will not have enough seats to play
Clean house Liz.
Liar. He want forced. He did so on his own.
U R so full of BS!  He failed to disclose 1 meeting where many other people were present &he corrected it on his own.No campaign talk at any
@justinhendrix wrong. It was pressure from Comey, dingbat.
I hope Pocahontas runs in 2020, another easy win for Trump!
Remember we 60 million voted for him. I bet you would like to get rid of us as well. What's the plan for conservatives & Christians? Camps?
How about making up?
Sessions was not "forced". He did NOT lie.

Try the truth, it will set us free from you.
#McConnell and Ryan are obstructing justice and derelict in duty to protect US constitution and people. #must stop
Beady eyed little weasel, the look of kove. Love of dictator but who's?
RETIRE already
Completely unfounded and more lies lies lies
DNI Coats has no legal basis to not answer questions in Senate IC! Will they hold him in contempt for obstructing?
that of course is patently untrue.
such integrity in the WH
Agree with you! For sure it's past time for Sessions to resign. Prevaricating, impeding Intel Comm. improper decorum w Cotton! Dreck!
It seems like it was an 'alternate' recusal.
I see Pocahontas is speaking with a forked tongue yet again.
Why is he still AG after lying?
Please hold him in CONTEMPT! Dang! What does it take?
Like the multiple meetings Shumer,Hillary, and all you other corrupt people had and continue to have?did you take George Soros's cash too?
You effing LIAR.  He did not lie.  Have another drink beth.
And yet you have no problem with Lynch/Clinton i proper meeting and Lynch obstruction of FBI and make no Comey tow your parties line? 
One meeting with a Russian...on a stage... with a group. Get it right
and continues to do so....So now what?
But it's a great thing when you're caught lying to congress you can go back and change your story and everything is hunky dory
Sessions did not lie about meetings with Russia  he did not see them during his attorney General duties in Whitehouse
You lie constantly! You lied to citizens of Mass when you stated you were American Indian. You lied to Harvard about your ethnicity for job.
Get the facts straight Fauxcahontas !!!  All you do is spread lies day after day. Pitiful. Resign.
He didn't lie to Congress. He recused himself because he was part of Trump campaign & the target of the investig. was the Trump campaign.
Dems tried to get along with Russia for years, now it's suddenly a problem. So tired of this.
Oh he didn't lie, he just can't recall. Just like he doesn't know if there are any written policies to support his non-answers.
It wasn't big deal to most of you that Clinton lied most of you looked the other way
An honorable person will always remove them self from areas of conflict for the good investigation. Sounds like you would not!  ETHICS RULE!
he didnt lie... Nor did he recuse for your stated reason.
The AG stated his reason for recusal, think Liz is too dense to understand what he said?  Sure seems that way.
Instead of improving lives of Americans-DEMs like Warren are chasing collision fairy tales where there is no proof by intelligence over a yr
Hey John Mccain why don you SHUT UP and allow the senator to ask her questions TO the other OLD WHITE GUY in the room...
And then he went on to lie about his recusal.

GOP=LIARS ALL
I think u mean DNC
Stop all the lies you have nothing.
Sessions is a proven liar and now we see that he doesn't even know the law.
@AlabamaStateBar should DISBAR Sessions as remedy to Ethics Complaint filed by @ACLU provided at link belowretweet
Why was the liar not fired for lying to congress
Why so sour all the time.   Not someone I could vote for in 2020.  Looking for someone that can bring us together.
I don't buy that "What he is supposed to do line" He was too close to getting caught.  The only reason for recusal.
Same with Flynn he was only fired after the public got wind of it.
I really wish these hearings would focus more on what we will do to prevent Russia interfering going forward and leave criminal to Mueller.
You are a liar!  Pot calling the kettle black!  Get Real!
Negative, try again. But this time wake up and put down your drink, because you're still drunk.
Only admitting the meeting that Congress knew about, whilst forgetting the May-flower meeting all together.
You,&your party Rvery quick 2throw around lying label, esp. considering your nominee and last President. Keep rioting, protesting, it suits.
He wants us to believe it's because he was a member of the Trump campaign. Um nope. Not happening
Why is @SpeakerRyan and the rest of the @GOP no charging him with perjury?
