No, it's because he sucks, you know it , Trump knows it the American people know it.  Stop! #boywhocriedwolf
Yet it's Sept 1, and he's still POTUS.  Hows that workin for ya?
Good.
Only Trashy Trump supporters, who believe anything that liar says.  @RealDonaldTrump-please leave office
THERE ARE NO TIES TO RUSSIA!! Stop making things up with no evidence. POTUS has every right to fire Comey for incompetence.
Yours in May, and here it is beginning Sept, and Mueller still has nothing.  Please make that Nothingburger with pickleslettucetomatoonion
I predict Trump will resign via Twitter!  That would be the ultimate!
I don't think he'll finish this term the way things are going.  Every day its a new catastrophe.  It's exhausting!
Yet here we are at the beginning of Sept.  and NOTHING has changed.  Remarkable
I try very hard to stay neutral.  Political views cause arguments
Does anyone really believe that you are an Indian. You were asked to take a DNA test, but still haven't. Why?
Oh come on you wanted Comey out don't be a hypocrite Pocahontas.
What will be his excuse if he fires Bob Mueller?
Comey knew too much/refused to be Trumps slave no more. Trump is demented/to be feared.Dangerous, nut job. Time for Congress to act. impeach
No way. It is totally for his own self serving benefit.
##notabot
What rock did you crawl out from?
@6string_machine @realDonaldTrump Yes! Jeff Sessions, Bannon, Conway and most disturbing Rod Rosenstein. Does anyone else matter?
*I* do. He's a very compassionate man, always concerned with helping others and supporting...oh wait i this isn't the Bizarro universe?
Lizzie, please sit down before u get embarrassed again.
Those Comey FBI FISA sharing of intelligence 2 unauthorized third parties is coming at ya kinda hard right about now isnt it.Loss 4 words?
Does anyone seriously believe the way to avoid an investigation would be to fire a figurehead?   #CommieLogic #LockHerUp
Wish I'd seen this closer to the date posted.  One of the best replies I've seen to date

I'd call this slanted logic.  01010001110101
Enough with the sarcastic tweets. Get the impeachment done or an arrest for treasonous activities, or tax evasion. Tweeting is not your job.
And here it is beginning Sept.  And still nothing.  Ever think there might be nothing?  Grandstanding isn't her job either, try to stop her.
Impeach his lying criminal butt time for senate & Congress to take this country back from a fascist lying president
Hey, guess what, it's the beginning of Sept, and Mueller still has nothing.  Hows that workin for ya?
What about hillsides ties or her rest button or selling uranium your a joke
Yes he did a billionaire to come,out for the. Country what have you done besides blow hot air
Hell no!
Do people believe anything Elizabeth says?  I don't know one person that does. Liar liar, pants on fire.
It is a real insult to the intelligence of all Americans!!!  Enough of this circus.
russia was used as a coverup of seth rich murder,dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks
@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
I don't.
Yeah, that is pretty rich. The man who was most unfair, whose rallies used to chant lock her up. Hard to stop laughing.
no
You know he wasn't just fair he let her get away with everything...don't be an idiot!
You Democrats are all sick in your head.Hillary should have been locked up. Comey  deserved to have been fired.
Absolutely not! Hillary lied abt Benghazi 4 men died She lied 2 their mothers faces & 2 USA WHO is  unfair here?
Im getting a kick watching all these retards transexual snowflakes on here lol silly liberals Trump is Here To Stay
No!!
He was stupid not just unfair to Hillary
Yes he should be fired... Mr. Showboat need to go.
No way! He is a lair from the word go!!
comey covered up years of hillary and obama crimes, it is comey who needs prison time
No we believe Comey was fired for Good reasons.NOT The Russia investigation either. We DON"T believe YOU
He has seriously misjudged the decency and integrity of the American population. Most of us see through him.
Ha ha ha. There are some real gullible folks out there when they take a side with the masters of deception.
Yes, that's right!! Who the f**k wants to comprehend with whatever Pocahontas is trying to say - like she'd invented it! "~#VERY SMART...!!"
Time for you to be voted OUT of office.
Hillary and the corporate wing of the Dem party are to blame for putting him in the White House, Liz! Get a clue. Bernie would have won!
NO!!
When are YOU RUNNING FOR PRES????
The sad fact is that some people believe anything he says...smh.
Not at all!  Trump is a Liar and a con !!! a disgrace to our USA!  IMPEACH NOW!!!
comey covered up for hillary/obama to prevent them being indicted..treason
Comey was very unfair to @HillaryClinton : she should have been sent to jail. #LockHerUp
Only fools do, senator.  Unfortunately there are plenty of those around.
Nope! "Trumpgate" inevitable!
nope
Anyone seriously believe Comey who had 20,000 employees was personally doing the investigating? Warren's nutcase
So not. Sorry guys. Wasn't that "crooked hillary"?
Wow flipping again like a carp fish on the beach... you demwits amaze me on how stupid yoh are.
Everyone know Dems R trying to take down middle class. Forget it, Liz. Never happen. We know UR 1 of the elite.
The Dems wanted Comey to step down when he went after Hillary. Trump fires him; now, U flip flop? Please...
Impeachment time...
Firing Comey doesnt stop the investigation,,assinine  for Dems to even put that suggestion forward
I am a beliefer
Sure do looser
Bite me
But Elizabeth no one is above the law. I guess what Hillary did was nothing to you people. Well it something to me. Disgraceful
Give up your outdated religious beliefs and then I will listen to you. Until then it's just religious faith based reasoning!
Does anybody really believe that Hillary isn't guilty of Espionage!????
Not for one nanosecond
He wasn't the TOP person. You should know that
DISRESPECTFUL to the American people to spell out Clinton's crimes - then say she wouldn't be prosecuted as any other citizen would.
Yes, we can & do believe Trump fired Comey for malfeasance in office
No Fauxahontas we don't believe that.  We also don't buy that russia and Trunk fixed the election.  #norussianconnection
he did this to protect himself comey was getting close or on the right path in the russia investigation
Comey had to go. He was a prima donna. FBI Directors don't speak in public about investigations. He ruined the office. S/Have jailed Hillary
to me senator youre are last line of defense i call whats happening obstruction aand if the meddling proves true treason
HILLIARY sold part of America's uranium to the RUSSIANS and reaped millions for her foundation.  CORRUPTION!!!
Not.a.single.person.
uh, yes!
Hillary lost because Americans are sick of the same BS from dems. You represent lobbyists in Congress and not the people.
Yes Pocahontas shall I send it up in smoke signals?
Significantly more people than those who believed you were part Indian!
Not because he was unfair, because he let her off. Anyone else other than Hillary would have landed in jail. It wasn't Comeys place to call.
you dimwit how many times do you have to be told  there is NOTHING there. Talk to your pal feinstein she told us nothing there!!
Of course, super malicious Elizabeth Warren. Pres. Trump have not had connections with Russia.
I reported #TrumpTreason FBI 2014  was threatened by him would ruin me if did.#DespotDon guilty of fedl witness tampering.
I reported #TrumpTreason FBI 2014  was threatened by him with"being ruined"if did.#DespotDon guilty of fedl witness tampering
Can't believe that anyone with a brain would listen to you, Pocahontas.
liz..what is your point? You were FURIOUS with Comey back in Oct-Nov!!!  Get your self together!
mswarren president trump fired comey for not indicting hillary and obama
This is a blatant lie. Nothing new with that.
NOOOOOO!!!@@@@
Yes! @ScottAdamsSays does. #insanity
lol I believe NOTHING he says
The #Russians didnt elect #Trump, a general hatred for Hillary caused Trump to be elected.Democracts should have nominated Bernie!
I don't  know  but I do know I'd like to see your whiney @$$ get fired!
No -- we don't believe it! There is something seriously wrong with that man!!
No loser, he was fired as he was bad at his job....something liberals cannot imagine, being accountable!
And how exactly was he bad at his job?
Hate Comey for what he did 2 Hillary & now y'all are pissed @ Trump 4 firing him? Make up your minds. Hillary would have fired him day one.
NO NO NO
NO.  Comey gave Hitlary a "Get out of Jail FREE" card.  How was that being unfair. And the Russians are like the Yeti's. There are none.
Hell no you better block every thing that he trying to do.
THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT "TRUMP" BEST PRESIDENT WE EVER HAD" THANK GOD HE FIRED THAT ASSHOLE#OHIO
So Russia got all of you to vote for Trump? Maybe they did hack the election.
Not for one millisecond!!
But does anyone really believe you're a Native American?
That is BS!  Trump is shaking in his   orange cranium.  Trump should fire his barber instead of Comely!
Nope
Doesn't matter. It was his right
#45 is a dictatorship in the making, America laughs,SERIOUSLY ! Like Hitler, he will succeed if not stopped.
If such a person exists, they're delusional.
Not a chance! He fired him to try to stop the investigation! Any idiot trump supporter can see that!   @realDonaldTrump Stop him madness!!
Yes
Absolutely not! Trump is corrupt and needs to go..... right along with his buddy Sessions!
Hey Maybe the New Guy will reopen the investigation into Hillary!! Now That's HUGE!!
Warren - the multimillionaire hypocrite
You should be!! You are just playing party games and you know it. Your only hope is that you find a Russian somewhere in all of this. Sad.
NO.... Things are getting hot around the WH....
Only those who still believe in Santa.
Pure nonsense on the part of the president, who constantly lies.
Not anyone that didn't vote for 45
Not for one single second and if someone does believe it, please send them to me. I have some beachfront property in Syria I'd like to sell.
It is one of the funniest  things out of his mouth.
No reason was needed.,Deal with it.
No he fired comey, because he got his lies mixed up
"Ah,nooooo!!!!"and now it's time for a diversion in an attempt to throw us all off. ....the same record is being played over n over
NO.
Does it matter if anyone believes it? He waited 18 days to fire #flynn why are we waiting to fire him??
No Senatorr Warren.  It was that Comey was to close for comfort for uncovering the Russia scandal.  Comey would not step back
Trump is playing Nixon game!
A joke.
The only thing Trump does is for Trump. No one else.
Not in a million years!  Anyone who does is delusional.
Absolutely not
Nope, not a f@cking chance in hell I believe that.
Wow according to a leeked memo Trump is looking to replace James Comey with Aaron Hotchner.
Unfairness re Hillary in trumps opinion, is that she was NOT indicted. Not that comey was too mean.
#justiceforHillary
HiLIARy should have been indicted.  Total incompetence by Comey on that one
Thats why trump fired him before he could get to those russian ties!
Nah.
Absolutely no
Of course not, but what in the world does that have to do with the Russia tampering
Not in the least!
No
Sen Warren thank you 4 your courage & fighting attitude & standing up 4all Americans instead of trump & 1%. Count how many Xs he says 
It makes total sense... right?
.....Hell No! Who's gonna be our Archibald Cox @SenWarren ?
Noooooo I really don't believe so !
Lol of course not.
Nope
Don't get distracted by the background noise.. Kissinger At White House Signals a Bigger Scandal Than Comey
more likely because he allowed Hillary to get away with crimes against the American People
Yes, the people who understand that this whole liberal conspiracy on Russia is a complete farce!!! Get a grip Elizabeth @SenWarren
He was fired because he was unfair to American citizens who demand that everyone be held to the same legal standard. He looked the other way
Dems: Comey must be fired!! 
Trump fires Comey.
Dems: Trump fired Comey! Trump must be bad! 
Dems r loony toons
Unfair to Hillary?  He gave her a pass on all her criminality. He was unfair to Americans. President Trump had every right to fire him
There is more truth to you being a squaw then there is to Trump being tied to Russia. Or was your heritage hacked by the Russians too?
He does not have ties TO Russia but has ties IN Russia. BIG difference and the way you Dems word things is just bullshit convenient.
NO - unless they are equally infantile
