You say you are for the people but either your delisuonal or a liar. I Retired teacher that due to Ocare pays $718 a month. What say you?
Big chief  passing wind
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Warren you are literally the worst. Why is it impossible for you or your friends to do anything positive? #MAGA
Probably has something to do with greedy treasonous Republican obstruction. Just guessing.
.@chrisxcr @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Everything they disagree with is a threat to these people. I guess when you have no argument...
Can your restate your argument? That's just a word salad to me.
.@chrisxcr @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump I realize comprehension isn't your strong suit.
It's okay.
No really, convert me. What were you trying to say? You have an actual argument right?
What is this, a last word competition? I highly doubt you would want or consider converting. Why waste my time?
I'm always open to being wrong. Are you? Do you have an honest case or are you just following a party line?
. Pocahontas the working people cannot afford Obama care.  It's imploding and you know it
A plan so great none of you politicians will go on
Another overreach gone. No state should be forced to fund one business by name over another. Next up Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Obamacare is the law of the land. What more could anyone need?
You and all Democrats are once again fearmongering . Obamacare screwed up our healthcare so bad it probably will never be fixed.
Oh are you talking about ObamaCare Ms. Warren? The one that has completely failed a friend of mine? Here ya go .... what say you? (nothing?)
Thanks for the laugh, Marv & I. 
@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity Sen. I think your the real threat
I literally sleep better knowing you're there for us. Thank you.
That's pretty sad. You need Warren to make you feel better so you can sleep? Wow! Try warm milk. Or it safe zone
Good effort, friend.
eh worth a shot! I'm sure you would sleep fine without Warren or Pelosi or Shumer. Seriously
LIAR
If @realDonaldTrump sabotages health care, he is failing oath to faithfully execute the laws of the US. Another reason to impeach
You helped destroy mine
Obama quadrupled the cost of medical insurance premiums and Trump is the problem?!
still she persisted! Strong for America!
someone muzzle this nasty woman already.
the People's House  ( WH) we have a family coup transformation before our very eyes trump, ivanka and husband
Are you Dems or Dums ever going to figure it out! HRC LOST. Suck it up snowflakes and shut up already .
Liberals are destroying nations by their arrogant attitude!
You should get out and meet some real liberals, they are really nice people.
liberals pick what federal laws they feel like following. am I wrong?
what about the threats new house republicans face to vote with the party instead of the people they represent
You ma'am are FAKE NEWS!
NO one has threatened our health care MORE than U corrupt, RICH democrats @SenateDems destroyed health care
Yes we know he is striking back and trying to punish the American people for standing up for ACA
@jcvg183 @realDonaldTrump @okik00 ya vas a comenzar
Trump does not have a clue and neither does his incompetent cabinet.
Except for your healthcare. That's as solid a policy that one can get.
you are just too negative and bias to be taken seriously. not having an open mind questions your morals and ethics. YOUR BLOCKED
Donald trump owes it to this country to resign immediately!! How could professional politicians ever endorse him
You actually have the nerve to mention sabotaging? A bad joke coming from the party assaulting the middle class?
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump Put a lid on it Pocahontas
Speaking on the Senate floor about how @realDonaldTrump still threatens to sabotage Americans’ health care. Watch: http://floor.senate.gov/MediaPlayer.php?view_id=2&event_id=1254 …
So everyone's IQ will be reduced 20 points.
senator you still have done 0 for the commonwealth. Stop grandstanding and work for MA or u will be voted out.
apologies on the reference to ACA usage.  Congress is mandated to use ACA
when will you realize all you politicians work 4 me the tax payer. Work together to fix Stop fighting please
only the insane listen to a word you say.  You don't even know who you are.  You are a liar and a fraud.
stop with the scare tactics and come up with some real policy proposals!
#resist  tshirt 
https://www.zazzle.com/resist_t_shirt-235222423825181170 …
Senator Warren, you speak with forked tongue!
when will we impeach? If not for Russia than emolument or nepotism ??? Come on!!!!
Why don't u get with Trump n cut out freedom conference. What book is it written in Dem n Rep  cannot work as one for the people
VIP GUEST? Don't get distracted!  #MarchforTruth #TaxReturns #SOD (SaveOurDemocracy) #INDCOMN 4-15 #CoasttoCoast #BeThere
I bet everyone will be on the edge of their seats..I would rather watch paint dry.
It isn't there @SenWarren just 2 blank pics
I hope they ask you to sit down and be quite again!!!
Keep going Senator Warren! Do not stop fighting for what is right. We may lose some battles, we will win the war
Federally mandated purchase of insurance ISN'T HEALTHCARE, genius
no thx can't stand yo hear or watch you
if Obamacare is the law of the land then Trump must uphold it,NOT work to destroy it.
senator  warren why don't you put on your big girl panties & act like an adult instead of a 2 yo? Y'all lost.
The ACA is the true failure and taking away choice from Americans. Why blame Trump for the disaster created the
previous administration
that link doesn't work. Don't you mean how he is going to fix the failing ACA.  Even Bill said it is a failure.
Perhaps you should produce a solution instead of bitching about fake POTUS allegations .You know,  be productive
Would be nice to devote energy to fixing AHC weak places instead of the insanity going on - Keystone Cops! Sad.
one term senator.  Repeal and replace Angry Woman Warren. Bye bye 
explain to her=Legislative Branch makes Law not @POTUS. Anyone know someone who speaks Cherokee=that might help
speak on the floor about how your gonna make a difference with Trump. Quit blowing smoke up our ass.
do something for our Gov. instead of against it Sen. Warrren.
why don' you just retire/-- then we would be happy.
Your just another politician promoting hate and division.
He's all bluster. We know how weak and ineffectual he is! He just adds to global warming with his CO² output!
SABOTAGE = old Indian word that means: "Make America Great Again!"
. Americans tired of your whining, fillibuster threats, impeachments, and all your negativity. Suck it up.
sore losers
get his tax returns
https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2016/06/05/hollywoods-chavez-cheering-stars-venezuelas-victms/amp/ … WHEN WILL U CALL OUT YOUR PALS ON STARVING VENEZUELANS? U DON'T GET OFF THAT EASY.
U R A HYPOCRITE PERIOD. WHEN WILL U ADDRESS MICHAEL MOORE ON VENEZUELA? EMBARRASSING. THIS GUY LEADS YOUR PROTEST?
Wake up fauxcahontas our president is doing exactly what the people want him too,repeal Obamacare
@lesliemarshall Sit down Warren. Sit down. You represent the worst of women. UGH.
@LeslieMarshall @realDonaldTrump  FACTS FOLKS NOT NEARLY AS MANY PEOPLE THEY SAY GOT HEALTH-CARE FROM OBAMA MOST WENT TO MEDICAID
No thank you most of the nation thinks she is nuts
This person can not even help her own state let alone our nation. I really believe somebody needs to see what psych meds she is on not help
Thought you needed to see this, Fauxcohontas:
When you go against a #Trump, Fauxcohontas, you're outmatched.
45 is a constant threat...We Can't stop we won't stop
can citizens petition government to impeach Trump?  Don't Disaster has got to go.
@srkeller1992 Stuff It Warren...big time. Americans r sick and tired of your negativity, especially me. #prozac
We the people will not stop until he does his job, which is the opposite of what he's doing right now.
no more billionaire presidents we need a poor president not a wealthy 1 it's dangerous for the united States!! 
my Ma. Policy just went up 100%. I don't feel like a winner!!!
why are all democrats so old?  Failing party.
he eats to help. You just want to beat him instead of what's good for the American public!
Here's a thought, let the free market take this over and let the people decide what insurance they want.
I won't be voting for Elizabeth Warren for senate in MA.  She is just another socialist.
won't need healthcare if North Korea drops a nuke Trump has an attention disorder move on from healthcare!!
Trump needs 2 get over it already move on from healthcare & think about defusing NK war he drops a bomb we
Psalm 58 is for you.
Obama care is draining the middle class dry !
How can we stop #BLOTUS from spending all of our money on frivolous travel and extra security?! No one voted for Mar A Lagofest!
must be stopped. DJT is a sociopath he doesn't care who he hurts as long as he wins.
#warren came to #America thanks to my family #Morton #fight for climate !
Liz stop with the fear and spend your time working to help millions of people who can't pay these premiums.
why does 45 take pride in letting Health Care Blow Up?  No sign of the "deal" maker
please put forth a democratic plan that fixes Obamacare. Just don't fight, fix it
#CIA #Veterans MI6 Agent Chris STEELE, Author of Explosive Intel Dossier, WILL testify against TRUMP https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit …
if he's impeached the American people will rest better...@tedlieu @SenSanders @SenSchumer
How about you get back to work instead. #justsaying
the healthcare scare is also @realDonaldTrump's smokescreen for something more sinister. Be alert!
thanks Sen. Warren for being so vigilant.
We need a true, workable plan because the ACA burdens the poor but the Trumpcare was worse. Stop fighting & FIX it.
@PoliPsyOps @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Senator Warren!
he can use regulations that's why we must continue to March on Congressional office and fight for healthcare
and his cronies are not "working" on behalf of the American ppl. Shame on him and his swamp of undesirables.
We need to keep the pressure on the investigations.  TOO much smoke, there's a fire and we need the truth!
isn't there anything that can be done to freeze him until after investigations?
is a liar & what goes on behind the scenes is what we should b wary of.
Where did you get that from? CNN,MSNBC,? Or did you come up with this from the top of your head? You need a life
Hey I just  saw a Russian quick call Pocahontas.
Are you still blabbering bla bla bla.
Please pass Health Care reform THIS year.
He needs to have a fitness for duty exam.  His is NOT normal.
Elizabeth you still seem to be dancing around #SinglePayer. Please tweet unequivocal, full support.
Get over it and let's start working on protecting America
6 yrs in the Senate and @SenWarren still has not passed one piece of legislation!! It's time for the fake Indian to go!! @realDonaldTrump
OMG Betty The fake Indian How in the name of God did you ever get elected? U won't be re-elected that's for sure
We know he hasn't given up regarding healthcare.  Well,  neither  will rational thinking ppl.
cue racist native American memes.
Your looked upon as a do nothing, shrieking thorn in the room.  Instead , why not take care of your own state? Not my Senator!
the threat is to socialism, u and ur libtards ur losing control and th freedom of choice goes BACK to the ppl
Yawn............. 
that's already been done by Obamacare
ok #pocahontas
everyone that works for the government should be covered under Obama care. But they are not! Why not you?
of course he does. He has to be stopped  and soon
All I hear from @SenWarren is blah blah blah she is a crazy old woman.  Id say go home but they don't want her.
- Lol! You and your demonic left destroyed our healthcare system starting way back with social security.
Please stop him! He's going to damage Ocare and blame Dems.
hey you Pocahontas... you're such an angry lesbian.
please find a way to get single payer done!!! It's the best option for ALL Americans. 
When are U going to help UR NATIVE AMERICANS FAMILIES WITH SCHOOL'S AND SCHOLARSHIP AND STOP OBSTRUCTION! !!
A TRUE CONCERN IS HIS SANITY!! HURTING AMERICANS IS OBVIOUSLY NOT AN ETHICAL HURDLE FOR HIM!!!
A VINDICTIVE ... VERY TERRIBLE MAN! WILLING TO SIGN ... TO KILL AMERICANS!!! "TERRORISTS" COULD DO NO BETTER!
How many people that are currently employed read this crazy Choctaws war message?
Next up https://mobile.twitter.com/supraTruth/status/846585839651999744 …
