AG Sessions lied to the Senate in January about his own contact with the Russians & played a direct role in firing FBI Director Comey.
Jeff Sessions should have never been confirmed as Attorney General – and I’ve called for him to resign. #SessionsHearing
U r a liar who took money by pretending to be Indian. U have a blood degree.
The REAL Pocahontas.
#sessions will get basted and grilled!!
Do you do anything other than tweet
. I did and he smoke all you demorats
Sessions looks nervous
Persist, Insist, and Resist, Ms Warren - we supported you at conf hearings & are supporting you now!
INCOMING...Bill Clinton is a rapist!
No offense but why it is going to more lies or half truths with I cant say.2 be honest this adminstration  is making u guys BAD.
Reminder: Coats /Rogers: Pres. did not counsel us, used exact same words as Kasowitz: nothing " illegal, immoral, unethical, inappropriate"
Wouldn't miss old Jefferson Beauregard for the world! Are you going to grind all new sen business to a halt until AHCA is heard in hearing?
we need to see Obama and Eric Holder testify about Fast and Furious
Just another PINOCCHIO LYING AWARD OF EXCELLENCE.
Great! Maybe you guys can finally leave this alone. You have no evidence. You can't impeach based on emotion.
You mean his lies...mostly he will claim Executive Privilege.
No thanks
Why? The little troll is going to lie anyway. Why watch that?
Go after him Senator Warren.
He Is Very Nervous Can't Be Still Watch Body Language
Sessions did a great job. 7 investigations into Russia an still nothing. GET TO WORK ON REAL ISSUES.
ask Sessions if he suffers from dementia or Alzheimer's cause when someone asks him about Trump or Russia he can't recall #SessionsHearing
Why? He's not gonna answer anything, he's gonna lie, and you guys are gonna let him get away with it
Love Senator Mark Warner.
Nah
questions will be asked in a closed session and prepare for them.
Delayed again....Jeff had to change his Depends again!
Grill him, the sane educated would like to know the truth and why he lied about the 3rd meeting. Why wasn't he truthful to begin with?
He's such a liar and low life racist
Honestly Senator, what's the point if these supposed testimonies, when they all refuse to answer any of the questions?
He wants to prosecute drug offenders to the fullest extent of the law, but is allowed to break the law. This "law & order" A.G is guilty.
He is a detestable liar.  I am not buying ONE OUNCE of his statements.  He is protesting TOO MUCH!
Please DO something, instead of "condemning" or using "harsh reactions."
You sit by while these guys get away with this stuff. I thought you were on our side?
everyone with a functioning brain knows that al Franken wasn't asking  sessions about any meetings sessions ever had with Russians ever
Or Live on Twitter
Sessions remembers very little....thought I had bad memory but he wins
Dems are fools AGAIN.
I'm curious if @realDonaldTrump had any contacts with Sessions after Sessions agreed to testify today
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
Sorry, can't watch. Life's too short. Let me know what happens.
YOU NEED TO GET A NEW JOB CLEANING BED PANS IN AFRICA. YOUR A LIER AND DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUANTS. AMERICAN VETERAN.
Saw the part in which he didn't answer Sen. Kemala Harris.
Sessions has perjured himself already!!
He's lying now as in listening the racist little weasel
He MUST go. He's a joke as AG
Very dramatic denials! I'm not buying a word out of his mouth! Stumbling over his prepared statement.#followthemoney @MSNBC @BWilliams
I would rather watch paint dry then hear more lies
Facebook in the wrong way to watch the Sessions
Are they going to slip the AHCA through while we watch?
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
I wish that you were this upset about AG Lynch and how she obstructed the investigation of Hillary.
on so many levels...he is stonewalling an investigation of this magnitude is criminal..
he should have never been appointed
He is such a fool!
Have you paid the city of Boston the 2k you owe them??

I wonder if Sessions's honesty will influenced by knowing his best friend has the power to pardon.
Watching!
Bla bla bla
He's only going to lie or skirt the truth. He's as rotten as 45.
SESSION WAS THE DRAGON SLAYOR. BRING IT ON POCAHONTAS
What time is he supposed to start?
He looks very uncomfortable in the hot seat right now. shifty.
Why he's a professional liar, being under oath means nothing to this animal
Don't believe him at all! Don't see anything coming out of this! He sat there and lies lies and we are hopeless .
Can't wait for another nothing burger so the Dems look bad to middle America again! Haha gotta love it!
No
We watched and were so proud of how Sessions slammed you all..
You detestable liars
His lying is making me ill
Any chance for a public hanging afterward?
also here
My daughter said he was going to testi-lie 
Wondering if @jeffsessions can be assessed by a neurologist since he seems to have so much difficulty with memory & recollection.
How can he serve when he can't remember anything. 
I'm sorry but you're a joke Mrs. Warren.
@jeffsessions AGM Sessions did an admirable job. A few Dems were obviously biased. To try to ruin a man after serving 35 yrs is slanderous.
Let the Sessions LIES begin
He's trying to weasel out of his perjury.
This is great, but can you please stop this #AHCA vote BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY.
Session can't even make sense when he is reading from what has been written for him he seems really nervous
Go Get Em' @SenWarren, The Truth, The Whole Truth and Nothing Less #KickButtSenWarrenKickButt
You're also able to watch it without leaving Twitter:
https://twitter.com/i/live/874318972522438657 …
We'll see if he attempts 2 filibuster like #Rosenstein #McCabe #Coats & #Rogers HOPE he finds his own #Comey Balls & speaks freely &honestly
30 minutes late.Seriously??? So anxious. to testify.LOLL.
His lunch with Kislyak ran over.
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
Will you tune in to @AGLynch hearing? It's coming...
And you should  have never been elected Senator of MA, you are a liar and a big mouth. You cant shine his shoes
Time to play the "I cannot recall" drinking game 
Sessions looks jittery. Comey was calm and attentive.
will Sessions be wearing his hooded white robe today?
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
It should be Wanna Be Indian investigation.
Go join Hillary in the woods!
So boring.
He lied under oath before.  Why would we believe him now
He does not remember.  Sure he does
Already do not believe him
The Intell Committe has been bamboozled. Sessions will decline to answer certain questions in an open session but now he will know what
Much ado about nothing.
Pocahantas will ask the AG what ? Truthfulness is not resident in the new made Pocohantas .
Why can Sessions talk about conversations with POTUS but Coats and intel dir feels inappropriate to talk about conversations with POTUS?
#SessionsMustResign
He's going to lie his face off.
Destroy him. Our county is teetering.
The man has nearly zero recall
Does it start at 2 pm Eastern or some other time zone?
OMG Sessions still lying under Oath!!!!
They need to stop stalling and start GRILLING him.
No i am watching the @USSenate trying to push their bad bill down others throats
Nevertheless he perjured himself. #SessionsHearing
Y are the worst of the worst
SHE IS ON DRUGS...
Watching. Sickening. Are the Rep. Comm. members Sessions defense attys? Sure  sounds like it. Session gets belligerent w/Dems. Deplorable!!1
you mean watch Jeff Sessions answer nothing and commit to nothing.
BETS?
When the moon is in 7th 
That gutless lil CorruptRacistRussianElf will plead the 5th dimension. 
HearYe HearYe #CourtIsInSessions!
Can't wait to see the dem libtards make an ass out of themselves AGAIN
Pocahontas is in the 1% by lying about her heritage.  How sad is that!!!
Watch his shifty, beady little elf eyes. He'll try to look truthful but we know better.
#RussianAmnesiaEpidemic
Probably should have allowed him to wear his hood and robe. Maybe he wouldn't lie then.
GRILL HIM PLEASE. I want to see the little elf squirm. Also, I'd love to see him in jail. So, work on that too.
And watch for how much beautiful blush he's wearing!
Dammit Facebook, I will not subscribe to your crappy site! Have to catch it elsewhere...
What was the point of the end of his speech and who wrote it
Did AG just blame Comey for the interactions with #45
For some reason Sessions and intelligence in the same sentence doesn't seem... hmmm.
And he's lying right now.
More #nothingburgers
Hey Liz, @cspan also broadcasting hearing, as they do all hearings--not just center stage--w/o advertisements, tracking, or profit motive.
I can't believe he read a document, he will get caught in his lies
The best part is he ain't aSenator so you can call him whatever you want #lyingtraitor
You mean watch @SenateDems waste our hard earned tax dollars on a bogus witch hunt! Go buy more constituents foreclosures & make more $$
Delusional?  Yes you are.
I know you and your 77 followers are! I didn't ask for your opinion. I'll bet you want Sharia Law too! LiberalIdiot
Thank you for the link!!
And his answer was in the context of that dossier. The fact that u take him out of context to say he LIED about ever meeting Russians
He was asking sessions about a specific dossier who's contents were just being brought up on news that day
Only works on ppl who are Brain Damaged. It wasn't a lie then, and u can blow as much smoke asnu want, but it's not a lie now. Got it?
