what mrs warren do you have to say regarding a proposed bill to microchip the mentally ill and disabled
people in America? Who gave politicians the right to pass laws or determine people should be microchipped
Sen.Warren, Fight, Fight, Fight DJT In Every Way Possible! Our Democracy Will Only Survive If We Stand &Fight!
putting all the real snakes in the same room see who gets bit first
lol what a screwed up sense of information you've been getting.
Donald joker Tramp putting that group of people together same ideas each thing great
WE NEED @CFPB <- They just fined credit reporting agencies over credit scores:
when is your term up? Please quit.
Every country Incl USA have economic socialist systems running & U use them daily.
Get an education of what economy is
who asked you? That's the problem with people like you and Bernie ...want to more and more of it. Piss off, wanker.
Have a nice life.
Good bye.
I learn nothing from Ignorantes like you.
Obama has done nothing but weaken divide and try to destroy this country
Plus our tax money bailed out the banks
Office of Cong. Ethics, CFPB, Dodd-Frank, tax cuts for wealthy. What can we do to push back?
I'm a disabled Army veteran thanks for standing in my place, please tweet me a message so l know it's you, thanks
Who is going to protect us from you and leftist politicians like you.
tell us about the corruption that allows a president to spend over 90 million on vacations then brag about taking less time off??
You mean the big banks that help line your pockets???????
so protect us from choices and force us to buy your product??? Where's the "freedom"?? I don't hear it ringing
Obama's plans  didn't protect many of us. Bankster Gangsters are still stealing homes & throwing people out.
Trump's Dodd-Frank repeal = no CFPB  & another 2008 crisis. How to stop him?
FRAUD PATHETIC LIAR<YOU WORK FOR BANKSTERS too, OBAMA,CLInton,Bush Style deception on 99%>MARY JO WHITE GANG
fraud  OBAMA GANG AT DOJ/FBI/SEC/WALL ST BELONG IN JAIL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhQD7QorTSs … NETFLIX $60B LOOT PONZI GANG
NETFLIX $60B LOOT PONZI PARTNERSHIP WITH OBAMA GANG AT DOJ/FBI/SEC http://variety.com/2016/biz/news/reed-hastings-slams-donald-trump-1201802091/ … … JEB HENSARLING
we need to protect our social security from the robbers who use it for things the population doesn't agree with
yeah right, keep telling yourself that lie
This is what you should stick to. It's the only thing you seem to get right
Because your monthly health insurance premium shouldn't be more than your mortgage. "Repealing Obamacare"
why is credit card interest so high, when interest rates are so low?
The GOP will see this as "bad for business" and find a way to quash it.  Watch out, they are coming.
Now again, how much is our National Debt? This is a failure.
ABSOLUTELY!
Consumer Financial PROTECTION bureau has saved consumers billions of $$. Corporate US has PROFIT ONLY MOTIVE-CFPB 
Please Read

Obama and his failure of an admin put chains on the economy and called them good.
we need less Government and more 'WE THE PEOPLE'. DRAIN THE SWAMP OF CORRUPT POLITICIANS AND LOBBYISTS.
- poverty is big business for elites like you. Sad.
Chief Vanilla Cheekbones, go back to multimillion dollar teepee, smoke peace pipe, stay there
better idea...let's get rid of it immediately.
@KatrinaNation @TalkPoverty @CFPB Its as good as gone. Anything short of nonviolent rebellion/physical opposition will be useless
So he created a Big Bank Bail-Out....for how much Liz ??  Billions or was it Trillions ?? to help who ??
@realDonaldTrump #HNY2017 #TheStruggleContinues #BookOfDaniel4 The Dream Is Fulfilled. This Too Shall Pass
@KatrinaNation @TalkPoverty @CFPB are you insane?! @POTUS prevented restoration of glass Steagall and protection from foreclosure
good luck! Impoverishing the many is your President's cornerstone/keystone strategy for advancement
then you agree? economic genocide...
I am in year 5 of my battle with Bank of America. It is absolutely exhausting.
If the banks protected the people after they were bailed out, why did no banker go to jail?
@RepChrisSmith, @SenatorMenendez w/o the CFPB, Wells Fargo customers AND employees would suffer. Protect it!
just a political agency. Everyone in the industry knows.
The @CFPB is going to be ripped apart in front of your eyes and there's nothing you can do. #sorry
. Hypocritical 1%-er, cultural appropriator, decries tuitions while getting $345K for 1 course. You suck, Liz.
we need a strong CFPB to assist in protecting consumer rights!
How do we fight? Would have been easier to take DT down now!! Why aren't you screaming about that?
climb on the Trump Train
Pocahontas you suffer from Demetia! Retire and go overseas away from us real American!
Trump making no sense to you ?
these 2 videos will scare you straight NPD has no cure
Sen Warren, Prior2ANY legislation, ask yourself "will this cost jobs" if yes,then VOTE NO.
Article 6 Section 2
The Obama legacy in one word " Failure "
Now on the Pot and banks, it will never happen. You need to read the Constitution
ty
Contacted CFPB several times & know they're there to help; they're fighting for "us" when no one else will.
Ridiculous and provably wrong lie by Trumpanzees that Liz was funded by banks - WHY? http://ln.is/www.opensecrets.org/zi033 …
"Trumpanzees"...clever, but can you articulate an argument without hurling childish insults?
dem party gang of criminal hypocrites!!
amen.... ours laws in America do not apply to them.
We the People Demand Protection From Predatory Banking Operations!
This achievement isn't celebrated enough.  Obama helped Americans from credit abuse. Now that's HUGE.
Donald joker Tramp a real bully will try scare everybody to go along while have a knife to your back
Mark my words Elizabeth, the CFPB will be one of the first institutions gutted under this administration! Help
done with you Sen.Our researchers focus ison TrumpNCo and.Their Treason charges.  Don't wanna help ? No votes
I think we punted on that 1 by showing up in fewer numbers & getting caught up in one candidate's pizzazz!
Just finished "A Fighting Chance", which explained the need succinctly. Will do whatever I can.
PLEASE vote on Merrick Garland in the first session before the new senators are sworn in. We need this badly!
Your non-understanding of relevant US laws is precious & also dangerous. However, it does explain HRC's humiliating loss.

Real Obama legacy:sold out healthcare to ins co's,500k dead,6M refugees in Syria,Isis JV squad,Putin steals Crimea,Dems destroyed
how many of 500K dead American?  Want to compare GW Bush body count?
If the @CFPB was actually strong. Many financial criminals of Wall Street would be behind bars. Yet....
Obama legacy, letting men in women's restrooms.
Thank u Senator for yr undying fight on behalf of Americans. Too many in DC willing to throw us to the wolves!
Elizabeth Warren. She busts her azz in the Senate. So glad u r @KamalaHarris friend
We need more protection from our greedy politicians
its on the way...real change.
isn't this where Trump U should be facing criminal charges..I don't understand why he isn't.
Liz, when you wrote #CFPB Bill you Fundraised on Big Banks. You are Corrupt as the Banks. #Tatiana
mortgage loan? would you take a mortgage loan to restore your credit? What is FICO? a number?
spend more money on creating #jobs and not for "socialism".
yeah kick azz...and all that degrading done to the women in black trash "rap MUSIC and the garbage it produces.
some protection
please consider running in 2020, America needs you!
Candy u r dilusional. The big H couldn't pull it off, with Warrens Help, or the Obama's!
stop tweeting and get on TV so Americans can here you!!!!! You're starting to just tweet like trump
