YES.....THE AMERICAN TAXPAYER. A cheap photo op with a military you don't support and a country you don't want to defend
You truly are a hypocrite if you cannot see the irony of being a trump supporter and asking senator warren these questions.
They were going to have her clean the latrines but were afraid she would stink them up too bad.
That's serving in Afghanistan right now you dirt bag! That bulk is called muscles & protective gear, that background is called a helicopter
Yea & he slugged through Ranger School & Airborne School, he kicked in plenty of doors as a Captain, was on a remote base as a Major so f/U
And deployed as a LTC! You don't know shit. Don't hate all officers b/c you had a bad one, mine is a great one. Ask any of his NCO's!
I am done. You are obviously a gentleman with impeccable manners. Stay in your small, angry world.
you do understand they have no choice but to be nice to you? his smile....well don't read to much into it!!
Poser. Name one thing you've done to support our troops and NAtional security strategy.  One
You do understand that they're ordered to be respectful to you? You'll never get their votes. Or our veteran votes.
We dems must come up with ingenious,  ongoing, ways to show our servicemen and women that we care. MAGA, so called POTUS doesn't give a fuck
Disrespecting the POTUS on 4th of july should show them you care, good job
And that's exactly why Trump is in there now. Dems will never learn.
Please tell the people what is really going on there- a us army veteran. #time4truth #truthwins
She will. Warren is someone who I have total trust in. I have watched her lectures and read her words for years, she will not let you down.
THE MEN AND WOMAN WHO MADE YOUR TRIP POSSIBLE ARE THE TAX DOLLARS FROM THE 'SILENT MAJORITY' WHO WILL MAKE YOU UNEMPLOYED SOON!! HYPOCRITE.
How are you grateful when you celebrate people who burn our flag? Makes me sick. I feel sorry for that soldier who is forced to smile
He's also LEANING IN for heaven's sake
Forced to lean in clenched jaw no lip = forced smile. No soldier would smile with someone who  burning our flag. #fact
Please reimburse Harvard or Yale or wherever you stole College Tuition from Real American Indians.  You are a Liar and Fake.
Elizabeth Warren went to meet troops in Afghanistan for 4th of July? She's running for President in 2020. Bet on it. #tcot @Potus
We in the military like to call these photo ops, “Mandatory Fun”.
we despise you
Couldn't you have just stayed there? I am sure someone with your expertise could really make an impact. They really need a good feminist.
Nothing like knowing brave ppl are willing to die for your lack of action. Too bad they won't have healthcare when they get home. U will
Saudi Arabia funds the IEDs that kill US soldiers. Your friend Joe Machin just voted for Saudi arms deal! Still support Him?
F/U you know nothing about that amazing American. He is more of a man than you will ever be.
Those are the REAL HEROES of this country! Happy fourth to all soldiers!!!
Why are taking a selfie... you are disgusting....  I love how you think this is funny....   you need to be stopped....   recall @SenWarren
Well mealy mouthed Warren I'm grateful your buddy Hillary lost! Time for you to go hang out with her in the woods. Stay there!
Fake news you crazy old lady
our president is golfing
So what. If you had a job you would be able to have some relax time too. Grow up
Hmmm .... 
Trump works constantly. Get a life
Maybe if Obama had spent as much time at Mar-a-Lago, his desk would also be cluttered when he got back. http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trump-s-mar-lago-travel-triggers-cost-ethics-concerns-n743541 …
Get a brain.
Afghanistan on the 4th of July? You should stay there.
@ddd_deborah San Warren thank you for caring enough to visit those serving far away in danger during Fourth of July. God bless.
Wacko Warren is using it like all politicians, as a publicly op.
also Sen Warren has more intelligence than most other Sens. This intimidates insecure men.
Hope you run for president to see Trump destroy you like @HillaryClinton
Pocahontas's . You don't stand a chance against our President ....
You're thanking the people who started a war to make your trip there possible?
May you be the recipient of a 7.62 round to the skull, Pocahontas.
you are full of it! Nobody wants you as President!
Only grateful when it benefits you right? Just like you're an American Indian only when it benefits you?
I would have refused your little photo op. That poor guy is probably already begging the almighty for forgiveness. Sad
Totally love you @SenWarren !!!
I know you went because your heart said to
TK Sen for caring. But got to stop pouring blood and treasure down that sinkhole.  New stategy needed.  17 yrs of whack-a-mole is too much
To truly honor service of all in the armed forces @SenWarren pls vote to #RepealAUMF #MakePeacetheStatusQuo
https://www.utalk.us/?a=rescind_AUMF   #UTalk
Shes a traitor and a liar.
Get your ass home and step down lol
Maybe it should be im grateful for all the men and women that made this photo op possible
How much did your trip cost us taxpayers?
Somehow I bet you don't complain about drumpfs trips to play golf!
Taliban funded 1000 sq/mi opium poppies. 70% world supplies.  Why not burn the crop before harvest?  Gasoline is cheap. Soldiers, priceless
They hate you! But are polite!
Wrong, that's my husband, so just stop talking about what you nothing about


Meanwhile #FakePresident was probably golfing
#FAKEINJUN
A great to spend the 4th, giving to our troops. We've 2 nephews proudly srving in,Marines and Navy. Thanks, you are terrific.
The US needs to declare victory and LEAVE!
You just ruined that Colonel's career...

Meanwhile, your @SenateGOP colleagues are home scheming how to get away with taking away health care & giving a big tax break to the 1%.
Great pic, Senator!

You are a sad little man
Well you should be grateful to President Trump because it sure as hell was not Barack Obama who made it possible.
i hope this wasn't a photo op
Those guys are not there running around w/ I-Phones Elizabeth. They dont want to be there but are due to taking an oath. You are not.
They should have left your ass there
Super photo and thank you for being there and YOUR public service this July 4th !
Then that's your wife.
Yiurvwelcone, Never thought you'd pay for anything using other people's money is what you do.
Yeah, f the rest of us low life tax paying slaves.
Does he know how little you actually think of them?
thank you for your service Senator Warren!
Every1 knows this isnt sincere. You hate the US, and bitch about tons of pointless shit esp the military constantly....in English and Navajo
I'm grateful to the men and women who didn't vote for Hillary.
Love you! Stay safe over there. We need you back on the Hill
Pls stay there humanity doesn’t need you. @CNN . You are fake n I am real Indian.
Warren is no friend of the military. That soldier had better remember that.
You know nothing
They don't like you Pocahontas
You do understand most know you're an anti-American fraud that would put them in harms way in a heartbeat? You suck and most know this!
She actually visited bases, met Afghan leaders & spoke with soldiers. More than Trump can say.
Looks like a polite smile. His manners are showing
Actually he was thrilled to meet her, but thanks for playing
Yeah right, Sitting Bullshit!
Swamp woman and America's finest
Phony
How about you stay there and hold a powwow with the insurgents?
they allow native americans in afghanistan?
Shut up
Don't believe u will get much political mileage out of this. U established who u were a long time ago.
You make us all so very Proud!
Grateful would have been not to pull troop levels down so they could not perform mission. Hypocritical photo op.
#PhotoOpWhore
For all you do too, Senator Warren, I am thankful.
I'd be grateful if I saw politicians- not just celebrating soldiers serving in Afghanistan- but getting them the heck out of there.
#s running like slot machine on this post
Are you ever going to stop using our troops for political gain? They are not your personal political prop.
Too bad you couldn't bring the all girls robotic team back with you
Senator, would you be so kind as to ask the Embassy in Kabul to fix this? http://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/visas-denied-for-all-girl-afghanistan-robotics-team-competing-in-u-s/ …
women like that hide explosives under those clothes and blow up our soldiers....how NAIVE RU? KEEP THEM  OUT OF OUR COUNTRY
Can you name an incident like that in Afghanistan?
She not a patriotic person, her socialist attitude says it all.
You celebrate people who burn thus flag and then use soldiers as props.  Pathetic
Happy 4th of July, Senator!
Thank you Elizabeth for taking time out of your busy life.  Rooting for you
Sen Warren is in Afghanistan & lazy Trump's playing golf.
More fake news...do your homework
Tell me who are your news sources?!?!
HUUUGGE publicity stunt !
Name me GOP as LOONEY as Warren & Sanders & Waters. That is the cream of the crop.
TRUMP!

Thanks to all of our military and their families and thanks to to Senator Warren for amazing service to United States citizens!
Thank you first, our military.  But, Senator Warren - thank you.  Our solders FIRST protect, serve, and defend.  America is great ALREADY!
Who made your visit to occupied Afghanistan possible?
If there is any sanity left in this country, this is the next President of the United States.
Not a chance
If each dem voter, 65mill plus, donates a $100 to show that we care about our troops, about 2 million of our troops will get 3k each.

For those wishing for a genuinely sincere, heartfelt #FourthofJuly  from a REAL #POTUS
... Here you go 

…
Hi Senator Warren.  We spent some time with Congressman Sander Levin at the Huntington Woods Michigan Parade! It was great fun. Stay Safe!
To bad you came home, U should have stayed in Afghanistan 
Sad.
WARREN / KENNEDY / 2020
Seriously 16 years? This strategy is super lame if we are still there doing nothing, making no progress and just doing steady state ops.
Make sure to bless the bombs, another pointless American war,still it gets u votes & the military industrial complex lots of grubby money
why do we still have troops in Afghanistan?

So grateful for you representing me there with our troops. They make us proud. Thank you to our troops! #troopsOnthe4th
How much did this cost us?
Doubt if it was even a fraction of one of the's weekends. And she's visiting our troops.  Donnie visits his own properties to cash in.
You go, girl! Thanks for visiting our troops on Independence Day.
Be careful!?!?!!!!!
None.  They aren't as clueless about the senator's work & accomplishments as you are.

Did you land under sniper fire?
Did they or did someone else make it possible
Thank you for your service! Keep her safe Col Johnson #usarmy 
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan  maybe you guys were too busy thinking about how to take care of yourselves, meanwhile
That's cool as hell
Fantastic that you are in Afghanistan to see first-hand what is going on there.
You can go to any military base in America and have a fake picture taken. Did you land under sniper fire with no greeting ceremony also.
 Thank you for visiting our military, Senator! 
Can you bring the girl's robot team back with you?
You are a sweetheart for saying that, Linda. Happy 4th!
So many lies. How about your grandma crossed the country in a wagon to settle land. Then saw you graduate college. She pass 2 years earlier
Nice!
Thanks to both of you for your service.

Patronizing
And I'm sure they're slightly less grateful for the years of horrible military policy that made THEIR trips necessary. #ROE
Your running in 2018 arnt ya?
Are you there to support #ISIS or #Taliban? Please don't come back till you convince them to stop killing #LGBTQ people.

Sweet pic! 
Bless you and your families!
Did your aides slap the camera man down like once before?
thank you
Senator Warren you're one amazing woman!

Thanks to all of you!
In 2000 the Taliban banned opium production. Guess what happened after the US invaded...
Fyi Afghanistan produces 90% of the world's opium.
Sen Warren in GIJoe cool attire. #TheResistance 
Oh please. She's a phoney
DID YOU EVEN MEET AN ACTUAL AFGHAN CITIZEN?????
She did. Plenty of articles out there
Thank You Senator Warren. Proud of the way you fight for all Americans! Happy Fourth of July!
thank you
Love the @Patriots cap!!!
Somebody told her "here, wear this...take off that blazer and pantsuit"....more fake news DB
I guess they're not Native Americans either, huh?
Happy 4th!!
