Bernie Sanders would have fixed this shit by now.
Wow
Fill those fundraising coffers
Really? That's her motivation? Wow. Smart women really threaten you, eh? #mommyissues
Yes, hers and Kamala Harris. Both just happen to include fundraising emails everytime they have a snappy retort on the floor? C'mon. What if
Email every time she attacked someone "from the other side" then I wouldn't question her motives.
Take $$$ out of campaigns and kill Citizens' United.
I'm almost totally with you. Imo no pol is gonna vote to receive less money for elections, maybe just capping the amount would be a middle
Ground we could get them to accept. I just can't ever see them turning down funds. Look at the Osoff race, 40mil is insane.
Love her . What a champion . Thank you Senator Warren !!!
2008 crash again due in part to brexit?
One Senator Elizabeth Warren moment to remind folks what the Democratic Party stands for.
omg as soon as i saw the white guy i puked
Of course, it's safe for him. We bailed him out.
Great and keep their feet to the fire @SenWarren !
Wow, that is mind blowing. They have no morals. Did not learn a single thing.
It's the same argument as a mentally disturbed person who wants to go off their meds because everything is fine. Because of their meds.
Excellent analogy!
No. That analogy is in no way discriminatory. Ridiculous to even suggest such.
The hell it ain't. I lived for 45 years with bipolar 2 before it was officially diagnosed. The dope Market is a scam
I guarantee you can trust me with a gun more than you can trust yourself. You are made superstitious by social engineering
Then ur disease state is a very mild case/ misdiagnosis. But I don't trust u more with a gun.
I sincerely thank you for your service as an RN but, you underestimate the human ability to overcome adversity 1st & foremost within oneself
Why do you keep interrupting him? Don't women hate when men do this, but here you are doing it  #practicewhatyoupreach
Awesome!!!
A great job...with grace!!!
These banks really have some nerve. He was almost making it sound like his bank didn't need the bailout money but took it "because everyone else was"
It's my fantasy to have a senator like her #SevenDeadlySens #antidote
You bailed them out before with approval for Obama... No American approval again
So happy that there is someone like @SenWarren  trying to protect  us. She is one smart lady!
Let me know the bank, I want my money there.
These fraudulent liars and thieves should have been rounded up, prosecuted, and jailed.   They were/are fully aware of what they are doing..
There pursuit of the all mighty dollar blinded them to the risk
It didn't blind them, they knew THEIR money was safe, ours on the other hand...
I like that casual grammar correction.
Yup I know better.
We knew you did, as most folks have came to the same realization over time...   Many of us were FULLY AWARE of the FRAUDULENT THEFT underway
One of the big takeaways that I'm not seeing people discuss: this guy was around pre-2008 and STILL HAS HIS SAME JOB. How can that happen???
Because no bankers or Wall Street execs went to jail for causing the 2008 crash. A lot of #Occupy protesters went to jail tho. #ThanksObama
Don't blame Obama he wasn't in the justice department or Congress. Where were all the investigations? That wasn't up to Obama.
Obama having DHS bulldoze the #Occupy camps was his call. He could have let the protests speak for us. Like him or not, that was a fuck up.
Obama & DHS didn't do the bulldozing each individual state did. This does a good job of explaining what happened
You're leaving out the part where that was coordinated with DHS under threat of having the #Occupy protesters labled df domestic terrorists
And yes, Obama personally praised the protesters on live tv while backhandedly "worrying" whether the encampments were safe. Complete bs.
And #Occupy was founded in part because of frustration and disappointment with Obama's lack of action on financial reform.
He keeps saying "Listen" when he's NOT listening or answering her direct question.
Next Time The Tax payers GOP and Democratic s are not Bailing out these Elites Banksters!
Awesome Liz !!!
Maybe next time don't bail out failing and/or corrupt institutions.
Brilliant. We need a republican on her side to end this crony capitalism
So Rep Scalise being shot wasn't "nasty" enough for @SenWarren. Stirring more liberal crazies to attack #GOP #POTUS
Grand Pivot!
TRUMP USA Mobster, Russia Money Launderer. Russia Elect Collusion, Traitor, Leaker, Cover UP, Makes Nixon look Good. This is TREASON
No proof try again
TRUMP Taj Mahal FinCen Money Laundering Conviction 2015
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1358O3B2acx-rMdzh4qPBRiPODHAX2KTD2RVJKty-JF0/edit?usp=sharing … …
REX TILLERSON AND RUSSIA
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NJg7IiPJmE1laC-j_FMIil8JZptvNFqSYMkDGTDjRms/edit?usp=sharing … …
DEVOS, SPECTRUM HEALTH, ALFA BANK, TRUMP
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1suzsUyHXP2cFHQElDwAC-89SHNZOWukPMt1xQXSiFYQ/edit?usp=sharing … …
WILBUR ROSS & RUSSIA
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HbUuymt8PfTOyb4SzHqYTIO7eOUojW-4da28ZbA-97g/edit?usp=sharing … …
 RT
An oldie but goodie
Next time Us Taxpayers in the GOP and DNC are Not Bailing out these Elite Banksters Vincent and I agree
I need you to be my president Ms. @SenWarren 
Here we are, yet again. Will we let them destroy the economy again? 1929, 1970, 1980, 2008, when will it stop?
When the USA puts a hard cap on its debt level...things will fix themselves. US should spend less on bombs & more on health and education
My favorite part was Simmons' "Everybody else was doin' it!" argument.
It's a classic for those that knew they were doing wrong but wanted to do it anyway, because reasons.
@SenWarren is a showboat!  smaller banks were not the cause of the 2007 crash.Large banks, Fannie Mae, credit default swaps,Mortgage Backed
Brilliant. I salute you
Thanks Senator Warren for exposing what may not be obvious to many of those supporting "roll backs" and the general lack of accountability
TY @SenWarren for not allowing this BS artist to manipulate the facts, to say 'well other banks...', or to try to confuse the laymen public
This is the one area you are consistently good at. But then you scream accountability then support a broken buerocratic healthcare mandate
The taxpayer made $253M on the TARP loan extended to this bank (Remember, TARP $ even went to banks that didn't need it to avoid bank runs)
How much $ did the taxpayers make on the TARP loans made to banks? How much did we lose on the TARP loans Obama extended to GM & Chrysler?
why are you replying to random accounts that retweeted this?
You go Senator Warren!
She poned him!
Why should anyone believe YOU? You lied about being native American to get votes.
Is it getting hot in here from the hot air?
You tell him Ms. WARREN
why did you and Obama not let them fail? Loser!
Greed
why the banks count foreclosures and degeneret assets no wonder they fold @SenWarren @SenSanders. @svandinter. @CNN @BBCBreaking.
Democrats regulations caused the housing crash! People that never should have gotten a home loan, did & couldn't pay! Thanks Democrats
Being from Scotland i just love watching you bring these bankers down a few pegs. They honestly believe the world should applaud them daily.
