@finallydeirdre @GOP It's already too late. They have known the truth and done nothing for months. They are complicit.
people who actively or passively protect a traitor are traitors themselves.
hahahahahahaha
Andrew you're a Traitor!!
stealing this meme. TY! #resist #persist
I did.  It was way too good and apropos.
President Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looking forward to his "paragraph." It will likely be longer than usual. One for the history books we'll never forget.
it's already on it's way out. #45 and his regime is going down
#Treason will usually do that to you. Aaaand btw Block
Treason for what you fake news snowflake
and it would be for collusion. Do not doubt that it's considered treason
There has been many reports from top intelligence that there is no collusion. It's easy to spot #FakeNews or false narratives. #Wikileaks
catch up
I'm already caught up. Trump is right again. He's playing 3D chess with the left and globalist.. of you side with the globalist, that's sad
@SuzeeSusie @GOP ... and it soon will be too late.
it's too late for them.
not to late for all of them.some good actually end up looking like they put US first
right she is referring to those who were truly ignorant of collusion, put country before party
sir, this is a thread for adults. Please stop interfering.
u wonder where some ppl get there news.i doubt even fox"news" said that
RT
I think that is exactly what we the people of America have done. We are waiting 4 Socialist 2 get the message. Get aboard Elizabeth.
I was thinking the same thing about the previous administration and the crooked Sec of State that was there in the first term.
Exactly! The RIGHT side! Seems history is about to roll over you Princess Moonbat Feathers! #MAGA
TRUTH: Ur time as Sen is soon coming to an end, Pocahontas. U stood silent while dems called 4 boycott of LL Bean. Disgrace!
You are the one who needs to get on the right side. Dems are the terrorists withing our gov.  Hostile negativity!
Repubs have never cared about anything but their own agendaScience and truth are just propaganda if it doesnt fit their mold
@slater_rose @GOP Thank you Sen.Warren for all the work you do for America. This election was a fruad...HRC is the Legit Potus.
it's already too late. They all sold out America for selfish reasons.
And .@SenWarren... It's .@realDonaldTrump  and the .@GOP trying to expose all of it...Why would the guilty party be doing this? 
#Momos
My calls to GOP have changed to this tone also.Encourage GOP to be brave, stand with the people
HOLD.THE.LINE! @SenateDems
Waaaaah waaaah Clintons waaaaah I can't defend trump so I'll whine about the Clintons WAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!
Yeah... he really won alright. He's doing juuust great, isn't he? Idiot.
Why are Trump supporters too Stupid to grasp the concept that Russians were being watched, Trump incidentally caught. LEGAL
True.  But it was sooooo f'n funny when they found out their was surveillance data on them.
I just hope it's solid evidence?  Not certain it's enough to prosecute,  otherwise wouldn't they have shut em down already?
I would think so.
I'm a nervous wreck waiting for the hammer to drop & hoping that it will, but there are far too many collaborators. #Collusion
Kind of enjoy watching the "drip drip drip" on these traitors.  Has to be tortuous for them.
Going to be great watching Obama being striped the last remaining dignity he has left, has 2 be worst Pres ever, that wld include Carter
Enjoy your delusions #headinthesand
Were you looking the mirror practicing that line, O Party Before Principle Warrior?
Look at this nutcase, @SenWarren, and those on her thread, @GOP... They are too stupid to realize it was #Trump that exposed this info. :D
Is that the side of history where you're Native American?
Obama spied on trump! Hillary stole the election from Bernie! And you do nothing for western Massachusetts.
@GOP never puts country first. It is always Republican Party first. I don't see how anybody can ever vote Republican.
take your own advice please.
.@SenWarren @GOP Truth will come out about you! You've made millions off of the backs of the middle class! #pocahontas
I call her #Fauxcahontas
to the death hopefully
please be right Elizabeth!
#LizzieLies
Trump won fairly!  Clinton was a horrible canidate! Rep. , Dem, & Ind. Voted for Him! So get over it!!
how do you feel that trump was incidentally wire tapped? Are you outraged? Or is it chalked up to democratic gamesmanship?
Oh Lizzie is simply going to deny the actual facts, and the truth that it did happen to #TRUMP It's what they do.
There will be a lot of Democrats going to prison. Maybe worse. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2381 …
Truth?  You couldn't recognize it even if it smacks you in the face
it's already much much too late...
The truth does not always come out. Trump keeps running every his stupid mouth just to confuse people. Catch him and through him out.
Yes, FBI investigation ongoing, no collusion between Trump and Russia. Now investigating YOU and Yours for planting evidence
Liars @SenWarren, @realBobWoodward  say "rules" instead of facts "fed laws broken" obama surveiling @POTUS transition team. @oreillyfactor
It's too late for the GOP. The are the creators of the wrong side of history.
I've been saying this for sometime. But Im thinking it's too late. They stayed complicit far too long and even now.!!
Flynn wants diplomatic immunity

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kwC_IaY3BmY&feature=youtu.be …
Nope!
already too late for them. I cannot in good conscience respect anyone who stands with republicans.
Would you consider it "the right side of history" to pay your female staffers less than the male ones like you do?
I hope we don't have to wait to long. Hope not a lot of damage done by this person in the White House.
First few who stand up will hv 2B brave & will suffer 4 it within the GOP.  But it will make it easier for those who follow.
@DarthNader77 @GOP Electorally, it IS too damn late. But they can avoid disgrace with hard work.
we won't make it that long with politics as usual. Something is going to break.
Vote Dem. All the way and cripple Trump the way they did Obama
she say GOP speak with forked tongue. Maybe they drinkum to much firewater.
You're a racist dullock.

It's already too late.
Keep it up Senator!  GOP is a total embarrassment right now, this will be the end of the party as we know it.
What YOU are afraid Putin has done to your country is what your country has done to almost EVERY country in the world for decades.
Agree. But did u you see Ivanka Trump Ayn Rand misquote, throw down = no one can stop them? Do you or don't you have backbone to stop them?
Yes, the truth does eventually come out so you better duck since you don't know much about actual history. I see U as biggest the hypocrite.
Consumer Confidence at a 16 year high as DOW sees the longest quarterly winning streak in 10 YEARS
Dream on.  The only way that's going to happen is to pursue through legal channels outside of congress.
yes - Obama wiretapped Trump and Dems are allowing an Islamic invasion into the USA - you best get on the right side
we might be being invaded but it is neither at the hand of the democrats not Islam
BOTH
and I received this copy 2 days prior to 3/21
Right. Nunes , Schiff refused to hit Comey on lies. Obama is rotten to the core. No Russia anything. Illegal spying. Truth.
#HistoryIsWatchingYou
Get real.Your scam is up. You and Dems like @MaxineWaters colluded to harm Trump without evidence.Probably with Obama
Get on the right side of what? Your hysterical , corrupt, crazy, lunatic left party that you represent so disgustingly!!
just like the truth came out about your insane claim to be Cherokee Indian?your are out of your mind woman
We independents who hated Hillary know Fauxahontas.... WE know......  http://www.salon.com/2017/03/22/donna-braziles-deception-is-about-way-more-than-leaked-emails_partner/ …
The integrity of the party is completely destroyed.  There's no way out of this so they might as well do the right thing!
you referring to Intelligence Committee, yup the truth came out alright, you @SenWarren better get on the right side of history
please please please pleaseeeee run for the Democratic Nominee in 2020!! we need you!!
yessssssssss @GOP
Warren looks like a Washed Up Granny Porn Star lol
They are already on the wrong side of history
it needs to be country over party.     9/11 gave us a body blow, this shit with the commies could destroy us
lol. Russia Russia Russia. Lol. Nice try fauxihauntis
@DanerE_57 @GOP They're too busy trying to figure out how to kill poor people & enrich the rich
time to propose single payer. Now.
boy this tweet hasn't aged well...
they are. That's why you always accuse them of being on the right.
Hey #FauxSquaw Obama seems to have been the one who used spy agencies to target "enemies"
you're all #TraitorousRats
lol
.. well said Senator 
Pocahontas, you would not know the truth if it bit you in the rear end. You pander in lies and obfuscation.
Shouldn't Trump's powers be limited until the investigation is complete? He's already interfering. Could he effect the FBI?
Pochotaus =truth....I'm sorry are you trying to be funny, high cheek bones? Haha, no you are not funny, honey.just a liar.
it's too late, way too late
@realDonaldTrump #WeAreAllAboutTheTruth #PantsOnFire #HeWonSheLost #WeWillMakeAmericaGreatAgain #ShallIShareMore ??
Republican's need to spend 30 days in Army boot camp to remind them what it means to be an American patriot! #nomoralcompass
They have consistently been on the wrong side of history. Let them continue until they are in jail or in ashes. #F-GOP
I wouldn't say consistently or history here. They were the party that freed the slaves,dems were the Klan prty
I wish they cared. They see what is happening, but are putting party, a SCOTUS nomination, and an agenda over the country!
Can't wait to see Trump's head explode trying to lie/tell the truth under oath ! ;-)LOL
BLESS YOU LIZ. PERSIST & RESIST
Hey, That's Indian Liz.  No, wait, she's like 1/1000th OF 1 % Indian right??  SHE LIED. 
"before it's too late"?  They're DECADES too late.
The Traitors are on death row!  Baby Nunes told Daddy Trump not his committee. Gang of Traitors, Corrupt GOP in collusion!
history has her eyes on all of us #resist
Pocahontas were you saying something?
sick minded people like Warren would go that low and claim to be someone their not! Shame on you
the state of MA needs to get its act together and vote Warren out of office and send someone with credibility
You wouldn't know the truth if it came up and scalped you.
Only time will tell
The truth about Podesta?
@DavidKoechner @GOP 

Be cool if Elisabeth Warren had Wolverine's claws.
Truth is out & GOP already on wrong side of history
they are on the right.
time to investigate Com Pres debate demand answers from Hillary,CNN,DNC they actually admitted to rigging election
let them go down with the ship... who needs people like that supporting the USA.
your right .. the truth will come out ... I'd hate to be you !!!
you said it!!!! History in the making and will not look blindly or kindly on putting power over country
it already is too late.
Truth is already out. It's what cost U the election. UR dirty politics swept aside the 1 guy who MIGHT have been able 2 win.
I think you should look at yourself in the mirror and repeat this to yourself.
Get Federal Government OUT of the health insurance business.  10th Amendment!
yes, the truth will come out, glass houses not secure. Prayers for our leadership, yes and you too.
orange trash burns brighter going down in flames 
@hetherman @GOP it already is for them. not here to save them, were here to be stronger.
says the fake Indian...
congress- bunch of kids
Lady you are on the wrong side of history. The dems are trying to hijack our govt
it's already too late
Anyone getting on Nunes to cut a deal? GOP won't think twice abt throwing him under the bus.
Can you resign?
country over party.
You so old school!
@SheriBentsen @GOP I tried the Left side of History, and that didn't work out either. Stop chasing Boris and Natasha. Somalia Now
pocahontas, schumer, hilliary, pelosi group up to kill democrat party into fascism.
History books are going to be sooooo harsh on republicans.
the truth came out about you - Not being a Native American.
Nope. It's too late.
the right is on the right side 
Question is, just how many of them got a boost from Putin?
lying democrats outmanuevered again. How sweet it is.
They won't. They're drunk with pleasure over the cruelty they can impose on us. They will never back down. It's war.
impeach and  jail DT and anyone who calluded with Russia!!
...something stinks here, and it's not the GOP...#ElizabethWarren very loud on #twitter over #Nunes revelation....
Anyone that thinks .@POTUS coordinated with Russians is a complete fool #snowflake But you know #Obama surveilled
why sre you scared?
The time is almost past to grow a spine to do the right thing for our country you will be on the wrong side of history -1
The truth will come out. Now about that job you got by claiming to be a Native American....
it did we found out you are #fauxahontas !
The truth that the Clinton Campaign colluded with CNN and the Russians!  And they still lost!  #SoreLosers!!!
LET THEM HANG!
Yes, democrats are going down!
do they have the wherewithal to do distinguish themselves as patriots? Or will they choose to be cowards and stand with 45?
#MAGA #TrumpPence16 yes Sen Warren we now know you are not Cherokee and you name is not Pocahontas but Lieawatha
The truth is out! all you dems and libs are screwed! There is going to be an outcry of justice to see all you people behind bars.
Where are you from, Mars?
Russia.
Eliz or should I say Pocahontas??
That's Fauxcahontas Sir :-)
@mo_lazarus @GOP  the GOP has proven they are incompetent and money driven the citizens are paying their bills so why care
It would be shocking if they started now. Their combo of willful ignorance + cynical manipulation shocking
The @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Covering-up 45's #TrumpRussia Treason will face Prison
@GOP Better Start Squealing before It's too late!
Squealing. Deliverance. How was that for a pop reference!
I think, technically speaking, the GOP is already there.
It's way past too late.
Republicans have no idea what the right side is.  Keep fighting!
They are.  Where do you stand at this historic time, Senator?  So far, I'm not impressed in the least.
and the reverse is more true.
they will hide behind lies as long as they can.
I hate to burst your bubble but it will be Obama, Bill Clinton, Lynch, and Jim Comey.  Taking bets.
the truth did earlier today!
@robreiner @GOP This is comical. Ill remember this a year from now when our Commander in Chief is making America great again.
It is super and real word that should be recorded for history.

What truth?  You mean to tell us you are not really Native American?
I wish you would spend some time promoting Medicare for All. What happened to the old you?
I think she realized how much easier it is to pretend to fight for us while being bankrolled by the establishment.
@sanosbo1 @GOP http://traffic.libsyn.com/holdthemayopodcast/153.mp3 …
I'M there and your lies & sick mind, will not change it. You know nothing.
The are on the far-right side of history and we will remember.
You mean like the truth about your complete lack of Native American heritage?
fu
