
How is the military's diversity its greatest strength? Please explain.
Ma'am, you know zilch, zero, nada about the military or its strength. Don't pose as if you do.
Really, Your So Anti-Military.. Just Shove it.

It's a Job, not a #LifeStyle Choice!

#AmericaFirst #MAGA
The enemy doesn't care about identity politics.  It's greatest strength is the training and dedication of our soldiers.
The enemy keeps THEIR BLOODLINES PURE.
First you pretended to be a Native American , now you pretend to be a General. A grown woman playing cowboys and Indians. What's next?
AMAZING THREAD OF REASONS TRANSGENDERS MUST NOT BE IN COMBAT @SenWarren et al MUST READ. Notes from a #ContemporarySoldier #NotAPolitician
We are not strong because of our diversity. We are a diverse nation because we are strong.
Another deliberately disingenuous headline. Virtue signalling with no substance.
Diversity has nothing to do with it when you have a warehouse full of Thermo-Nuclear weapons.  Now there's strength
Don't be proud of your ignorance, it's not a good look on anybody.
"Our military force's diversity is its greatest strength" You win dumbest stmt of the decade award. We will defeat ISIS with diversity! haha
Only those who are fit for the job should do the job.  If you're mentally unstable, imagine the damage when they return?
And you are as strong as the weakest link
you seem to think we have all day and a budget to run circles for those that need extra attention
Our military is not a social club experiment for rigtheousness. Where in the hell does she get off acting like some military expert
Just how, exactly, is diversity a strength?  Especially when it comes to killing people? I'd love to know. It's a meaningless mantra.
We are not talking about the military - we are talking about Technology & Information Security, Risk, Compliance, & Cybersecurity people!!
hahaha.   Hitler would supprt you 100 %
'Diversity' didn't win Little Round Top or hold out in Bastogne. Strong S.O.B.s did
No, our military's greatest strength are the men who can lift each other up. The military is not a place for a social marxist experiment.
she is an "indian" , right? Lol
Do you know Ms. Pokahontas how heavy is 80 kg of dead weight?
Wow, how to put this?
Fighting capability, not diversity, is a military's greatest strength.

You got the second half, so 50% which is an F?
This isn't a Rotary Club meeting, it's an overwhelming killing force ma'am
as if you care about our Military
Her stupidity never fails to impress. She will make us miss HRC.
We're supporting the men and women of the military. The ones in question are those confused on who or what they are.
Keep talking, genius.
See I thought it was their ability to project force quicker and further than anyone else.
Of course, how the other 99.7% of servicemen and servicewomen feel is totally irrelevant, only promoting the bizarre matters.
Actually, it's greatest strength is ppl who volunteer to kill anyone who fucks with us.
Fyi...Michael Savage got his butt kicked in a Marin County restaurant last week.
You are misinformed, @SenWarren 
Our Congress has always fully backed misogyny and racism. See a few examples.
Good Lord HOW can one NOT know the House and Senate are oceans deep in misogyny & racism and always have been?
People prefer averting their eyes.
Averting their eyes does NOTHING to correct the problems.   Does NOTHING to improve the lives of women and children. Just Empowers abusers
You asked.  Your response suggests if people knew, they would act.
Not so.  People lazy.  Remember the 80-20 rule.
Grrrr... There's a reason I actively dislike most people...
I hear ya. 
Diversity means creating a military that will fire on Americans. Coup over Trump. Check my pinned tweet. We must stop the Neo Cons.
Thank you! Cold War Submarine veteran who happens to be gay!
Why announce u r gay? Did ur propensity add value to ur fellow soldiers/sailors? Did it make u a better sailor? No, the answers r no.
Because I was outed and discharged for it before Don't Ask Don't Tell and my story helped end ban on LGBT soldiers/sailors so...
*is
Our military empire protecting capitalist plunderers should be dismantled. All Americans should be guaranteed health care & a job
This makes me so glad that you're not in control of the military!
You are the LEAST qualified person in the world to comment on what the military needs. Just stop.
do you have any clue about real life? What about we the people? Get out of your ivory tower! Have you spoken to service men women
Our military's greatest strength is the families of the brave men and women that put their lives on the line. Thats why they are out there.
Because our enemies will be awestruck by our military's diversity &they'll voluntarily disarm and surrender to us
Our military force's diversity is its greatest strength. The Army Secretary must show genuine support for ALL of our men & women in uniform.
RACIST!!!!
Aren't u going out a little early 2 start your Presidency?Where have u been 4 the past 8 yrs?Oh! you thought CrookedHillary was going to win
WRONG! Our greatest strength is putting the strongest, most fearless men there to protect this country. Not some transgender snowflake.
Wrong again-----Conformity makes the military great! Not P.C.....
Your mindset is really a danger to our country
Diversity is such a powerful asset, that's we formed an international group to prevent its proliferation.
Stay in your lane
Brown children in  Middle East and beyond are sooooo much better off getting killed by a diverse group of ppl. I'm getting warm/fuzzy!
When I was in the #Army, NOBODY mentioned "#diversity", #race, &c. It was all about combat-readiness. But how would Pocahontas know??
Diversity is our military force's greatest strength? What would be the military's second greatest strength in your mind?
And here I thought it was weapons and training. Point: Diversity of Persian forces was a weakness in Greek wars #Salamis #FicklePhoenicians
Rich white people don't send their kids to war. They go to Ivy League schools. Want the poor kids die for oil.
Maybe there should be more diversity in the leadership of our country. We need more diversity in well paid positions.
Yeah, enemies are defeated only by militaries made up of the highest numbers of trannies, lesbians and fake Indians.
Because an empire built and enforced by a diverse army of troopers is a wonderful thing
CHECK another one off the checklist, Liz. Next, do something protecting the sanctity of the flag. Maybe a flag-burning amendment. #CHECK
Diversity?! What?! Diversity doesn't get things done
Growing up as a member of a few minority groups, I dreamt of being able to meet people all over the world and kill them. -ak
2 of America's "most revered" professions are centered around destabilizing and killing brown people.
I'm sure our military is superior because their uniforms are color coordinated.
Diversity destroys militaries and countries. No wonder this self-hating ,Marxist parasite is for it .
Pocahontas is delusional and hysterical as usual
I'm sure that diversity will come as great comfort to all the innocents they kill
Have you ever served one day in uniform. Stop making comments about things you have no idea about.
Diversity!!!  HAHA, So out of touch...
Savage killers are an armies greatest strength last time anyone in the whole of history checked.
The is maybe the most asinine pop-political BS I've ever seen shoe-horned into a pandering-thought devoid of actual reality-based-merit.
Please  you and Bernie drop out of Government,And let e rest the Government work for All Americans,You 2 are the problem
Shut up fool.
What's wrong with you @SenWarren?  Of course the Army Sec has genuine support for all in uniform. What's the question again?
look I like you and your sentiment but is diversity really a greater military asset than nukes?
Yes, no thanks to you libtards
No, the military's greatest strength is killing the enemy and breaking their stuff. Diversity has nothing to do with it.
Yeah that's all you care is about is diversity you don't really care about anything else so sad
False. Military exists to make war, not exemplify socially engineered gender fluid dystopia.
No. The world is tired of US military "strength." Making it "diverse" doesn't make imperialism any less horrific. #liberalism #ugh
Diversity it's greatest strength? Really?
We don't give a damn what you have to say You have your head do far up your on ass you can see the sunshine and stay in the dark JUST GOAWAY
I think in the case of our military, strength is our greatest strength. That platitude doesn't even KIND OF make sense in this case
The Army Secretary needs to train them to fight and win. Not coddle them with safe spaces. Equality is just that. None are diffferent.
My daughter ships to basic in 6 weeks. I am more concerned about her having best weapons &a training than diversity. You are a disaster.
Would you please retire and help a candidate that respects and believes in the written word of the constitution get elected. -The Republic.
No, it's the great people in the military thst is its greatest strength. Along with the awesome weapons.
Yeah Elizabeth! Get rid of all those pesky white people! Oh wait......
The virtue-signaling and white guilt is strong in this one. 

Meritocracy isn't racism. And lay off the white-knighting. It's embarrassing.

You're the last damn person that needs to be giving military advice
E Pluralists Unum - should try translating it. Foundation of America
Best way to support men & women in uniform is to quit pursuing Imperialist agendas that get them killed under cover of "War on Terror" BS.

Wtf is wrong with you! Are you trying to get people killed?
You mean pander to those engaging in gender appropriation? You're all about that aren't you, you know, appropriation for financial gain...
Says the women who knows NOTHING about the military. Take it from a daughter & wife of military, their biggest strength is training!
That's not the military's job. Their job is to win battles. When you undermine their ability to do that, you risk American lives.
Send all the all tranny platoons to fight first!
It's strange, Genghis didn't think diversity was a strength, he broke down tribal ties, forged one identity.

Only biodiversity is Strength
Every time you open your mouth you show how little you know.
If you really believe that, then why do you spend trillions on a jet that doesn't even work and provide third world healthcare to our vets?
pretty sure our enemies don't care if we have a diverse group of soliders to kill. penis, vagina, black white asian.. bullets kill the same.
No it's not
Yes, having the ability to deliver a wide array of both large ordinance and small weapons from diff platforms is very important.
No.

Their readiness is their greatest strength.
. Good grief! What kind of a stupid statement is that, #liawatha?
Dangerous fraud
Pinhead academic liberals who know NOTHING about the military should just keep their mouths shut.
Utter nonsense. More than any other institution the military needs uniformity.
The Military is not a fucking social experiment get the hell out of my house
You think trannies and gays add to our military's lethality? Get real, cuckoo bird.
Carrier Battle Groups Powerless Compared To This Picture of DeShawn, Paco And Kylie (Formerly Kyle) Saluting The Flag #Diversity
GOOD POINT!  When bullets start flying and bombs start exploding nothing is more important than the person next to you looking different
It doesn't! I feared this day would come....
Yeah whatever u say Squanto ... why don't u go back to hunting buffalo n fighting cowboys ya fraud
hmm , I always thought our nuclear weapons were our military's greatest strength, followed by air superiority and combined operations
As someone who supports you, are you that fucking retarded? Their greatest strength? Good god women, how dense can you be?
Sounds like a political tagline. Not sure how diversity has anything at all to do with military strength. Military budget matters much more!
What does the diversity of our war crime machine matter?

Dismantle the armed forces.
Resign.
Wrong!  Strength comes from support and proper equipment...NOT political correctness spewed by brainless politicians!
pardon me but have you ever seen this tweet? you're embarrassing yourself
Conservatives: Lets round up Muslims and put them in camps

Liberals: HIRE  MORE  WOMEN  GUARDS 
Support the men, and women, in our military by constantly sending them to conduct illegal wars of aggression against poor people. Sad!
"Progressive", hell.
Could you be an even bigger tool if you TRIED? #Iraq #Afghanistan
I wonder why @TheDemocrats are losing.
Why dont u just enslave all non-whites into ur imperial army and enlist children for human sacrifice to appease ur Gods & bless the empire.
Diverse imperialism is still still imperialism, Liz.
No it isn't. I don't think you would understand what the greatest strength of the military really is
and you served how many years? Unity is our greatest strength, not this social justice CRAP..step down, your ignorance is showing
what a sad person you are
Silly me, I thought it was their unity, training, numbers, courage, and technology. I guess you and your zero hours of service showed me.
excuse me but what about the many other genders people identify with!!! such a sexist!
And just when did serve in the military
#ThisIsWhyYouLose
We need more Native Americans, maybe you should join?!
Guess you never heard the word uniform. There are only three races in the military, human, canine, and cetacean.
HogwashIts greatest strength is a disciplined ,well trained combat unit ready to kill or be killed. Your fluff gets em killed.
Gay.
All our men and women seeking to put on the uniform must show genuine support for the Army.
Tweet so fail , supporters of urs rather stay silent .
As a retired military member, we also need to ensure we are not trampling on the due process rights of those accused @Innocence_SOH
Actually the early military that won every damn war wasn't that diverse... So don't feed us BS. Grow up Pocahontas!
No, our strength is our strength, you dope.
You're a clown.
Hey maybe try training, skill, technology/firepower and the all-volunteer force. ISIS doesn't care if your squad is ethnically diverse,
.@realDonaldTrump LOL did u know that?  I think her headdress is getting 2 tight.

#STFU #FAUXCAHANTES
Don't you ever get bored of repeating this tired cliché? You realise constantly repeating  isn't going to make it true other than in ur mind
Good grief! How does a person so ignorant get elected? What does this say about her constituents?
The Army Secretary needs to understand the procurement process and be an advocate for the force on Capital Hill...but what would I know
< The "One Word" is PROFESSIONALISM, Fauxcahontas
< We don't think about diversity in combat, we think about our jobs and each other.
< Dear Liawatha, BITE A BIG ONE!  Better yet, bite a bunch of them so you can be diverse.
Heavyweight contender for Stupidest Tweet of the Year, here.
Eh
I gotta be honest if thats ur greatest strength

Im concerned
Maybe you should have a pow-wow and invite them to come feast with you on your dime lass
I agree! The diversity of our weapons systems to efficiently kill the enemy is awesome!
ok Pocahantas
How dare you define them as just men and women! So insensitive.
With all due respect, Senator, you're an idiot. Diversity has nothing to do with the strength of our military or its ability to defend us.
WTF?!? I, unlike you DID serve in our military and what you're spewing is total B.S!!! Go away clown!  
Our military's greatest strength is our ability to destroy our enemies.
If that's its greatest strength, then we are fucked.
