Today, @MassAGO Healey is leading 18 states in a lawsuit to force @BetsyDeVosED to follow the law & cancel the loans of cheated students.
Betsy DeVos might not like it, but her job is to serve students - & if she won't do it, we will force her to do so.
No, she wants more time to evaluate it, since obummer and his lies are involved along with you libtardz liars. FAKE INDIAN
So let me get this straight you would rather the tax payers take on the debt instead. SMH
Good. God woman. Please go away!
Uttered like traitor-worshipping misogynist. @SenWarren is staying & MORE women (including vets) in office. Get used to it!
Boohoo! Not a single Lib giving the President a chance. We have President Trump for 8 years. You get used to it. Lol
A chance to WHAT, Barry? To make up more juvenile nicknames?
Bless your liberal heart. President Trump is doing what he said he would.
She owns half of Michigan, her Fam owns amway,  the other is Meijer, owner of Meijer
I love my daughter, the kids, and Rob,  happy birthday rob, uncle Rory
You mean akin to 'Trump University' that defrauded thousands of ppl millions of dollars. Glad MA is challenging this atrocity.
GOP love Americans drowning in debt while top donors get tax cuts.
Paying $400k for a professor to teach one course bury tons of students in mountains of debt. Hypocrite
Maybe you never went to college. Students are charged by credit hr. Having Warren there is a recruiting tool for Harvard. She earns her $
Right because Harvard is desperate for students to apply.
Where can I find a list of all the states doing this? Heard there were 18? Hope VA is one!!!
Are they in debt because people forge paperwork to become eligible, or because 'Professors' charge so much for courses? 
Profs don't have anything to do with that. Worked in University admin offices for years.
She taught and made ridiculous $ for one course
When politicians like her try to help others, people like you will always look for a flaw. Her job @Harvard is simply not one. Keep digging.
I was a student of a For Profit University, AIS. I am not in my trained profession. Although now I have a decent job, I still think back..
And regret that I did not go to a regular university or community college. The For Profit I attended did not do much for me.
It did leave a huge bill though. So, for profits need reform and regulation.
Okay let's just believe you Pocahontas
You don't even know what a "Pocahontas" is, do you?
STOP CRYING LIZZY AND CREATE A REVOLUTION AGAINST THE GOP EXPLOITERS
You are just the worst person smh
Public schools are monumental failures in the massive and wasteful education system we have in America
YES! YES! YES!  #BetsyDevos should be held accountable for her lack of knowledge & common sense in our educational system! NOT qualified!
Let's stop every evil GOP member at every turn.
Honestly, it's all about being able to do their jobs.  So many Trump appointees have little or no qualifications, just taking a crack at it.
Not true. They are simply not trained in  milking Americans out of their money and lying about it, as has been the norm the past eight years
They have the best teacher then. Golf anyone?
And why do you say "golf anyone?" Obama was always golfing- and he did during times when he should have been leading the Country.
Trump has spent a third of his term so far golfing. It’s been estimated his vacations so far cost you and me and all our friends and families over $120m. Look how little Obama golfed compared to him. http://Www.trumpgolfcount.com 

Hey Warren let's do and investigation on your finances I would love to watch you scramble for words when all your skeletons come to light.
Sen Warren is crying wolf again! Run everyone!
@EJLandwehr Like Trump University?
Offer a $25M settlement. It's the gold standard.
And pay for the $25m by funneling $26m of campaign/inauguration donations to a fake company “owned” by Melania’s “friend” and when the check clears close fake company. Gold gold standard.
Students need protection! She & fam make enough $ off her predatory lending approval. Price gouging students is all the rage!
So proud to live in Massachusetts!!! 
.@SenWarren #fauxhontas dishes out #FakeNews  with the best of them!
R u a Billionaire?
R u Russian?
Do they pay you in $USD currency?
I must've hit a nerve. 
meme's for retards, of course, you are trolling for Trumpsky's base....
Keep it coming. You're hysterically funny! I'm lmao...
If it laughs and brays like an ass. It is an ass.
Perfect. 
Destroy her. Anyone that supports cheating students out of their money deserves nothing but contempt and disgust.
Which is everyone who supports every college in America? Have you seen the cost?? And the profit margins??? Be real
Which needs to be fixed but it won't be fixed by removing protections.
Then why are you all not trying to fix it? Why is no one complaining?? So fixated on the wrong articles.
We are trying to fix it. No repubs will work on it with us.
Her whole family is corrupt and they have an evil agenda #persist
Thank you, keep fighting for us.
Make sure you protect the teachers unions so you can get their big fat donations loser
My goodness will you just shut up already? You're doing NOTHING to aid in the public's confidence in our Gov't, NOTHING. #fake #liar #fraud
You go Curt!
Yes GO!!! AWAY!!!
Thank You Senator Warren!
Great agenda there 23 and Me reject. You are a driving force.
I think both parties need, absolutely, to reach out both parties to learn that u might actually like each other.  Every day is a gift.......
Good going. Thanks Senator Warren!
Thank you for keeping our fight strong on all fronts! Your constituents appreciate your effort. Proud to have you on our team from MA
thank you Elizabeth Warren
Thank you for calling out Betsy Devos and her harmful actions the educational system! She is accountable to students not HER OWN interests
The only thing you are good at challenging is the bottom of a wine bottle.
You, shall soon be out of a job @SenWarren . you're a fake and a phoney who lied and was exposed! Buh bye to bad rubbish!
What did she lie about?
Why don't you just grow up. You are nothing
Lol dental id
Not just fly-by-nights.  Got PHD in Ed from Capella-will never recoup the $170k I owe.  No assistantship and they won't hire their grads
like trump university #fraud #scam
Much of your beloved "public school"should be classified as "fly by night" for their disgraceful performance in educating inner city youth
If u knew that the person next to u was going to be dead at midnight,  would you treat them differently?  We're u nicer?  Keep this in mind
Pocahontas
Does it make you feel good calling people names? Only mean girls who are bitter and sad inside do that. Or sociopaths. And you’re probably a few decades past schoolyard billy.
You mean like schools that would pay professor a $400K to teach one course?
You've heard that, but how could you possibly prove it - even if you could, who cares? Having her as a prof opens doors; pays off for grads.
The tution is raised kids need to take out loans to pay. Warren rails against greed, what about her own?
Ah so she made money and Gave financial numbers that “were not required to be in her financial disclosure report but were provided by her campaign” anyway. No wonder Trump hates her. Where are his tax returns btw? We were promised them like Mexico paying for that wall.
#BetsyIsNotYourChildsFriend
I love sen Elizabeth Warren
she probably is getting a cut
That's the am way way
She is essentially backing future Trump Universities
When you say cheat, do you mean cheat like getting nearly $400K to teach one class at Harvard??? That kind of cheat?
It's Harvard. I worked at a commuter school in Florida where non famous Professor Emerti earned six figures and change.
Thank you @SenWarren for always having our backs in our great Commonwealth of Massachusetts!  #RESIST
Thank God some is! Beaty is singlehandedly destroying what's left of our educational institution, however flawed it may be! She's evil!
Unamerican in Trump's America. Please stop the horror
Exactly what Pres Obama's education reforms halted. Do the research & ask questions. Seen 2 many victims of that system! #profitsforDeVos
Give it a break Elizabeth!
Sounds like a number of our so called centers for #highereducation
Just like Trump Univ. She is an ill excuse for a human being. Only interest is in her high conspiracy to gain wealth & power
Lady u ARE r a sick joke. U r a liar & don't know that u will be voted out Soon.
THANK YOU!!! 
@BetsyDeVos Good for MA. BD should be ashamed of herself. But, she has no shame or soul.
@elizabethforma I see you criticize just about everything. What exactly have you done for the American people? Take your time now
If you need a story from. Constituent, I've got one (and so do thousands of my friends) #aifraud #artinstitutes #edmc
Illegal?..how?..and your affraid of private schools because they dont indoctrinate kids into socialist BS!
Oh, like Trump University?!
ie., #tRumpUniversity
MA is challenging Betsy DeVos's illegal attempt to protect fly-by-night schools that cheat students & bury them in mountains of debt.

One of my nieces worked for a for-profit university where her job was to do exactly that - she quit - but told horror stories about this
pocahontas... shut up... bye bye
Just what we need, more Trump Universities. We know how that ended.
Thank you! Senator's Warren, Markey, and Atty. General Healey. Keep fighting the good fight!
Where is mrs sanders when she is needed ?
Like Trump University?
Take her down!
Where were you when Bernie was doing all this before you even wore diapers?
Good.   Public education dollars going to line private profiteers' pockets.   Shameful
She is so not qualified for the job she was handed, incompetence seemsto be the rule for 45 & entire cabinet.
Control voters, stop voters is Republicans style of Freedom for them to rule.
Mountains of debt like the Ivy League schools do? :-D
School kinda like Trump University?
We also need to hold those schools accountable, not just leave tax payers on the hook
Cheats them from being brainwashed
Go get her!
Do you mean like Trump University?? Lol
Student loan debt has been going on for decades. NOW all of a sudden Elizabeth has awoken.  Hypocrisy abounds!
Waste some more time and tax payers dollars Pocahontas!!
How do we get rid of DeVos? As a former teacher and now parent I'm appalled at her tenure so far. She's a complete disaster.
Mrs Warren. If they would cut the amount of support people within the districts and give the money to teachers, better education for student
Cancel the loans....aka, make the taxpayers absorb the cost.  Way to increase our taxes yet again Pocahontas
Go get her senator Warren.
Lizzy you are awful please go hide at Harvard forever
You mean like #TrumpUniversity? #scam #sad
Like Trump University? Super strange she would do that. 
Like Trump University?
Consider retirement
You are such a fraud I can't even believe you have the AUDACITY!! By the way why aren't you taking the DNA TEST??
Why is twitter highlighting this tweet from 4 hours ago even though Trumps tweet from 30 min ago has way more likes, retweets, and comments:
You seem to miss one serious sentence in article, miss socialist, taxpayers get stuck with bill. NOT MY RESPONSIBILITY TO PAY THEIR MISTAKE!
...the next big bubble will be K-12 student loans
Let's dispel with notion Betsy DeVos knows what she's doing, she has no clue about what she's doing. #Unqualified
So lucky here in MA to have you and Maura Healy to watch out for us
Are u still alive?
This is a blatant example of the administration's real constituency. So much for standing up for the little guy. #DoYourJob
Our children are the future. Decide what you want the future to be. Then you will know what education is needed. Public education for all.
What defines cheating schools? Don't students pay for classes and get them? Please cite Examples of fraud...
Here's hoping you never advance in your political pursuits.
So says Pocahontas!  you're getting voted out asap. Boston and the state of MA has had enough of your ignorance.
It's funny how you throw the term "Pocahontas" in there, and then call others ignorant. 
It's literally all Trumpers have. They don't have a coherent argument to the contrary so they just go to that well over and over and over.
Yes!!! Go get them Madame future president.
You Democrats are a joke
Isn't this what her buddy don the con did? Remember,birds of a feather....go get her Senator Warren! This needs to be stopped!
Why do Republicans so love the corruption of public money ?
Good!
Like Trump U..
She needs to open one that teaches @BetsyDeVosED how to draw on her eyebrows.
#fakenews #snowflake #youAreVeryFakeNews #maga
Just like trump University!!!
Can you spell "Trump University"??
@SenWarren go figure out what tribe you want to belong to next. Save your threats for someone who gives 2 s*it's what you have to say #maga
MA stand up! Fight back!
How is doing something like that even legal?
It is a way to enslave future generations with debt from the fake diploma issuing for profit private school system. #publicschoolsarenext
Devos is a disgrace
Bravo.
Devon needs to go a insult,knows nothing about any schools,another trump jerk 
hopefully they go after those that get paid 450k to teach four hours a week!
#endtheDoE
Ok #chickenlittle only Libtardians care about people. Keep demonizing, evil dems
Betsy is the best
Betty is certainly of the Rump ilk. Every Department appointee is the antithesis of those Departments.  Deconstruction is happening.#Resist
Go get her Sen Warren!!!
When you're done there, bring it to the rest of us.
About time! Bury her!
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy DeVoss Ryan McConnell Kushners etc
Please go soak your head,  maybe it will clear out the old age cob-webs.
You Senator are all the proof we need that All elected officials need to be drug tested daily! You really need to put that crack Pipe down
.like Trump "university."
You mean like Trump U??
unfortunately a mountain of debt is the reality of most middle class kids. (1 of 2)
I don't see it that way
Get her!
What about all the state schools that fleece their students and drown them in debt?
Schools should go back to the states the federal government shouldn't be running schools

25% of students are denied life every year in USA abortion HOLOCAUST.
lol your party has been cheating kids in inner cities out of an education for decades . Sit down
Hey, @GovernorVA -- don't you think this is a great idea?
Parents make too much to qualify for help but yet have no money to send their kids to college
Tell the whole Story.
Like Trump University?
But how will millionaires get more rich off the backs of people that can't pay their debts back and have no useful degree?
How's that kid that fell outta the window?  Maybe you need to focus on your own constituents
Pocahontas' Revenge
She shouldn't have been able to buy her position!!
Liz, illegal? Are you sure? What makes you say that! Would assume she knows what is illegal, no? So now you continue to know everything!
this should be every state trying to protect their students from fraudulent "school" & Devos too!
Pocahontas are you referring to our colleges in America. Look at the debt these kids have upon graduation.
Betsy DeVos is as corrupt as Trump. Greed is their brand name!!!
Here is great evidence to present to fellow rebels on why we should fight anything #devos attempts, truly devo(iou)s
Anybody who supports for-profit private colleges should not be in the position she is at.
Is a public school student cheated when the have a diploma but cannot read or do math?
Speaking of putting students in debt How do kids at Harvard pay for their education when professors make 350k teaching/speaking 4 one class
Are you sure you are not talking about public schools and federal student loans?
As a student the actions taken by this woman are intolerable.  Does she want to hurt students and education period?  She needs to be fired
Thank you for all your hard work!
#Avarism is the new #Capitalism
DeVoe concern is the tax payer unlike you who likes to spend others money
Please do so. Force her to drink the water in Worcester until she resigns.
Like Trump University?
hmm like trump U?
Sour grapes @SenWarren 
I think those are referred to colloquially as Boston area MBA programs
We should be worrying about how to be ahead of the curb..not backsliding policies that are the worst ..remove these dummies
Harvard?
I love how people on here are saying that trumps successful multi millionaires appointees aren't qualified...ya those stupid millionaires...
Good, she's awful. Just talk to parents in Michigan.
What would we do without you Sen Warren?
Like you do by charging $400,000 to teach one class?
