Dear @SenWarren
Blanket accusation of racism is not substitute for real argument… but you are already know that, yes?
Boris
Dear Boris: Blanket dismissals of all accusations of racism is not a substitute for a real argument. But you already know that, yes?
Dear @Nick_Dwayne
Blanket accusation of blanket dismissal of blanket accusation is not substitute for real argument… but you are know that.
Actually, I was just accusing you. But you know that.
Maybe if you make reference to Nazi, we can just call it day and be done with faux argument, no?
Weird how you, out of nowhere, said that I, out of nowhere, would bring up Hitler. I'd be glad to have a real argument with you.
Then let us set aside racist strawman and baseless accusation. What are you like to make for argument today?
Well I assume that Warren was referencing, among others, SB 1070 in Arizona. Do you disagree that was a racist law?
It isn't about Race Mrs. Warren! It is about every one plays by the same rules! We learned that in pre K
@SenSanders - I long for the day when Trump goes to FL & stays there. Never to see him again. He is ruining our America
Lol
Your comments are irrelevant as Trump could nominate the Pope and you would fight it.  Try being a Patriot and real leader
Patriotism isn't just about political preferences, it's more about bringing all ideals to the table to do what is right for the country.
We also need to be cognizant if regulations that prevent business from doing business in the US.  We have been regulated out of jobs
And profitable companies provide jobs leading to more employment opportunities.  Over regulation leads to companies off shoring jobs
Depending on the states, ID is free or cheap, no citizen black or white can rent apt get welfare enter a federal building or fly w/out one
Our dictator wants it that way
Considering the amount of lies that come out of you I'm sure your zombie followers love it, #drinkthekoolaid
the arrogance of you to call 'racist' every time you disagree with a political philosophy. You are unfit and have done NOTHING for USA
in my state, i witnessed illegal voters, voting fraud and disrespect for the LEGAL process.
YOU ARE A LIAR U NEED TO STOP
U #libtards crack me up.Have u applied for health care under Obummercare? I can't qualify b/c the ID reqs for kids is ridiculous. #hypocrisy
Unfortunately, not surprised. 45 will always surround himself with bigots!

I'm really truly sorry for you, but don't worry, reality has a way of waking people up!
Using 2016 GOP debate talking points, from 2018 forward Dems Need 2 "repeal and replace Donald Trump & take the country back"  #Trumprussia
Lock him up !!!!
Kris Kobach's legislation requiring voter ID isn't racist. Constitution restricts voting to citizens & voter ID is required
Yeah, but Sessions who was too racist to be a federal judge is leading the JD, so... surprised?
Hi Elizabeth, once Trump is arrested/incarcerated, all will be negated. Who shall we send to arrest him? How about his personal bodyguard.
I think we should allow citizen Comey going in and making a citizens arrest!
Comey and @BarackObama make the arrest!
What does President Obama have to do with Trump....The buck stops with the current President..
Yes the buck stops with the current president! But citizen Comey + Citizen and frm. Pres. Obama can both make citizens arrest!
??? Americans..It's the current Adm...PERIOD.
Help and thank you
#pausethispresidency #notwithMYtaxdollars #fucktrump
Yep! About time we all went by the same rules Mrs. Warren
What anti voter laws, we have no laws at all. Our system is completely open to fraud. Even Mexico has better voter laws
I just want to say thank you for all you do for us Senator Warren!
Why did u never come out before to call the Kansas Sec of State a racist and anti-voter?
You're racist with your fake claimed heritage.
Gee I thought it might have been Jimmy Hoffa, guess I was close!
All Trump supporters please someone take this bitch out!
@KSITESL @realDonaldTrump counting on Kansas to get rid of Chris kobach
All you whiners and Killary lovers I hope you need something from our President one day and he refuses. Serve you democrap whiners right....
Ah yes Elizabeth, voter fraud will be unearthed & Dems will be hard pressed to deny it.
Conspiracy witch hunt you fake Indian
Viva la Kansas!
NO, Kris Kobach cares about the law. It is RACIST to insist that a person not be required to have a photo ID, period, in order to vote.
Thank you Sen. Warren for your informative tweets. Keep up the good work, particularly get a special prosecutor to investigate trump admin.





Any questions?
That is what you  say. Why should I trust YOU
Blah blah blah same old rhetoric with no real message. Please run for president so we can get Trump elected again .


U R A MAJOR HYPOCRITE!!
When is somebody in the government going to do something about this traitor! What else can people do!!!!!!
Thank you for recognizing this idiot for what he is
You have racist @keithellison and @TomPerez as heads of @DNC

You Senator claim Indian Heritage but have fair skin.I ,however, proudly proclaim myself a member of the Cheeto tribe of orange faces.
Hey Chief Liz, please cite examples of Kobach racism, highly offensive charge with NOTHING to back it up.
when was the last time you went to bed without worrying what the unstable potus was going to do next  NOT NORMAL
I've never been a political buff but every day, first thing, I turn on the news to see what lunacy is happening. It's unreal!
Why aren't you guys turning your backs any time Mitch speaks? Why no daily group pressconf? @SenSchumer @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenFranken
#impeachTrumpnow
What do you expect from a racist?
Can we not pick sally Yates to be the independent investigator please
That better becoming out of your wallet and not the taxpayers. We are tired of YOU WASTING OUR HARD EARNED MONEY. #treasonoutrump #liar
A surprise? Every cabinet pick he made is an enemy of the agency they were chosen to lead Trump is a political Viking pillager and plunderer
Vikings would be outraged at the treachery.
We HAVE to get the WH bunch in jail!
Makes you proud to be a Republican doesn't it. Aren't u glad u didn't vote for a dem.
Stop the madness. Shine the light on the GOP.
Are we really surprised? This moron doesn't think. I'm surprised he can tie his shoes. Lol.
Meanwhile it's the GOP that are suppressing voters!
Hey, Liz. The word that seems to fail you is #CrossCheck. People have heard of it. Try using the word in association with voter suppression.
How can we get this guy out of there?? He obstructed a federal investigation!!!!!
oh poor poor Pocahontas! Guess who is still MY POTUS! ROTFLMAO!!! Loving it!
What happens in the dark will come to the light
Just amazing!!  When will a real revolution against these crazy republicans begin ?
This dysfunctional political mess isn't the issue. The real issue is we awarded power to ultmt greed & racial hate. http://personalintegrationpatch.com 
Good, he's going to get started on investigating you.
Is this FACT??.  World is in chaos?!! 
Dangerous
Where's the tin hat fauxahontas?
Just one more screw up for #45. You will never be rid of election scandals with this blatant voter suppressor in charge!
There's discussion that Kris Kobach might run for governor during the next cycle. As a Kansan, I'm terrified.  #RESISTANCE
Not even worth giving him a chance? Typical partisan politics. Maybe he'll turn out great like other Pres. picks such as Sessions.
Lord, do not turn Your Heart against us, Father! This is utter chaos!!!
This is so despicable it makes my teeth hurt!!
they have to figure out how to keep 24 million newly uninsured people from voting in 2018
Your ad hominem attacks are unacceptable!!! You judgement is lacking and your is questionable! More importantly you have no accomplishments
Why don't they appoint David Duke to run the civil rights division? Bernie Madof to run the treasury department. Disgusting. Vote them out!
Good Lord lady where do you get this stuff, what are you reading we aren't??
Fuck you you fucking whiner get over yourself.
Keep reminding America of who Kristen Kobach is☆ Thank you
trump sounds like my g'mother in late stage dementia - repeating ad nauseum, paranoid, combative, etc.  Dump him before he kills democracy.
How's he still in office!? He's a disgrace to everything we're supposed to stand for. He & his supporters are an embarrassment! #Impeach45
Why not? Chris Kobach is as un-American as Trump himself. Add Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan to that list, too.
Like minds.
If you and Democrats have nothing to hide (a la Project Veritas) re voter fraud then you should be applauding this effort not attacking it..
@KrisKobach1787, disgraced KS AG Phill Kline and charlatan mega preacher Jerry Johnston were all mixed up in skullduggery a few years ago.
He must have taken the loyalty pledge to Whinin' Trump........just like the AG.
Agree with Dick Turbin,Trump is dangerous ,lies,threats to Comey ,cancelling WH press briefing ,obstruction of justice . Nation of Laws???
Kris Kobach is a lunatic and needs to leave the state of Kansas forever. Are there any Natl Dems out there willing to help KS out?
Your lies about your heritage are racist.
Lmao! Democrats apposed civil rights..
#impeachTrumpnow
There's a bright side here. When you lose your Senate seat, there's a job available with the Lugenpresse.
Your #1 priority needs to be:. Get Trump out!  Work with senators @SenatorDurbin @SenatorCardin
This racist was here in Kansas and he is a clone of trump  if he joins trump, we ll need to get rid of trump pence, sessions, and kobach!
if complaining was productive, then you would be doing an amazing job
He drained the swamp & filled it with larger much more dangerous alligators.  He is a clear danger to our democracy.
Your just afraid your loose your underclass base to you keep depended on the federal hand outs to keep you in office.
Terrible , what is the plan to stop this. I am a paid protestor let me know what u want me to do.
She's so dramatic 
Dems encourage illegals to come here. Block laws designed to keep them from voting. Sounds like conspiracy to me. Special investigator!
Kris Koback Kansas is a shame to Kansas and its residents. The wanna be policy maker is a disgrace.
You would have a problem with ANYONE POTUS lucked its your mission. How about making your job your mission
LOVE THANK YOU INTRODUCING SELF.

GOD
what are the Democrats going to do about it? #resist
We need to vote GOP OUT NOW
It's as if he hates America & everybody in it!
He only cares about himself and lining his own pocket! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Can someone ask @realDonaldTrump to define incompetence when describing Comey? Any examples? Can he be specific?
That's right he sure is!! Still haven't turn over documents yet that judge ordered!
Start campaign to delegitimize commission now.
Keep on shilling, fauxcahontis!
Democrats back to supporting Jim Crow,  Harvard is Segregating graduation ceremonies.
Classic trump.
We're not having it!
The only way @GOP can stay in power is to reduce drastically who is able to vote.  That is not democracy.
You are mistaking his pics with members of the Democratic Party
A complete bigot god help us all
You have something to say about the way trump breaths
Correct, I live in Kansas. You are spot on!
So scary.  When will the congress step up and put ethics & our constitution in front of party and @realDonaldTrump
U need to stop @POTUS & voter supression. The election was rigged... by him. #Trumprussia  #ConstitutionalCrisis #TrumpDementia
Don't listen to his lying words/evaluate 
solely on the basis of his actions.
Trump wishes he were absolute dictator 
answering to no one!
Really want to muddy the waters. Watch for more of their fake news and make believe scenarios like 3 million voters bused in from Mexico.
Total waste of taxpayer money & attempt to control voting. Dangerous. Plus, another distraction from Russia connection! #ProtectOurDemocracy
Shut up Pocahontas ! instead of spreading hatred and nonsense start working on a platform that will help everyday Americans and taxpayers
Kansans hate mia cocksucker kobach.
We'll dig and bring him down too.
It is amazing how many people utterly hate this country. Oh they will claim to love the country but hate the people!
a complete embarrassment...again! Vote out the GOP
The centipedes shoes are still falling...it won't be long.
naturally...
Because heaven forbid we only let LIVING US CITIZENS vote. Need more fraud like '04 WA governor & '06 MN Senate votes.
impeachment please
What more do you expect from a Predator Russian spy...yet I forget his name @realDonaldTrump
We never would be in this place if democrats didn't sell us out to corporations too.
Thanks for watching this. The impact of these voter ID laws has been significant and it takes so long to get through Supreme Court.
Your entire party has been on a raging conspiracy crusade. Look at the thread.
Kris I wish I had another K in my name Kobach.
FASCISM
Lead a recall project so we can pull congress out now.
Korbach, 4 time loser to ACLU. Trump builds another losing team.
Yet more smoke and mirrors to distract (he thinks) the stupid people irritating him.
America has been lost :( we will feel the fallout effects for decades, I fear.
most unAmerican effort imaginable! We should promote voting for all. How do I stop this. All my reps are Dems
racist?  Corey Booker is racist  - Van Jones is Racist.....you are looking in the wrong places
I think you're good tho Native Americans don't seem to be a target
And who has also been sued 4 times by the ACLU for voter suppression.
Successfully sued.  ACLU won all 4.
@SenWarren the phony does have some nerve.
Pocahontas--get your hatchet ready. Looks like you'll get your chance to use it. :)
Trump is filling our government with the lowest most despicable deplorable people he could possibly find under a rock. God Help Us!
Another example of how the Republican Party is the anti-democratic party.
Take a look at all the voter fraud he has uncovered in Kansas. The few that he did uncover cost the state hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Kansans have been fighting him it seems like forever.
New that was coming
More outrage over opposite world. Does this out do EPA and Education picks. Can it get worse. Nightmare in the USA. Livei in real time. OY
4 time loser in federal courts Kobach should be no-where near this...NO WHERE... He is the voter suppression king
Suits his administration perfectly. Pick the most obviously unqualified complete morally bankrupt person for the position they are in.
I'd wager Kobach's state's immigrants labor in chicken processing plants. Wonder why he's afraid of them gaining citizenship and voting.
Is this another attempt at drawing us away from the Russiangate
Of course - he can't stop the poor non-whites from voting without cheating in every way possible.
At least it will be looked into
Of course he did!
