Heath care is an individual responsibility,  not a right!
Damn straight! And we should also put out our own damn fires & police our own communities & fix our own damn roads. Responsibility!
And if you can't pay when u get sick or critically injured or ur kids do, u should have the responsibility to die instead of freeloading!
That doesn't happen in America. It's playing into their fearmongering.
What doesn't happen? People don't die?
People are not left to die in hospitals & ER's for inability to pay.
And how do you suppose those hospitals and ERs recover the costs of that care? People who can afford insurance... Pay. More. &. More
Kinda seems like providing insurance and spreading the costs over more people, and covering preventative care might be, you know, *cheaper*
Time for single payer universal health care
330 million people + state of the art healthcare = 1 bankrupt nation & govt control of 1/6th of economy. Trust me, we would all pay.
Canada has free health care but everyone has to wait for care & taxed rate is 50% Housing is very expensive as well 
True. In Australia w/23million & govt healthcare median home price is $1million.
I'd like to see everyone have free health care but no one has a plan on how to pay for it 
In other words it's not free.
Can't be free but can be paid by reasonable taxation
Thanks!

It would also be nice if Senate Dems would fight for something that helped people get healthcare. Like Medicare for all.
Per @davidsirota warren is on record supporting it
Yep, that's great! And I'm excited for Sen. Warren to lead the charge to implement Medicare for all.
Sorry silly question but who's going to pay for it?
Taxpayers will pay for it. More specifically, the obscenely wealthy taxpayers who are slated to get a massive cut under Trumpcare.
So the rich sould pay for everyones healthcare? Obama didn't offer his book $$$ to save OCare. Celebrities are going to be pissed paying
obamacare doesn't need "saving" trump is sabotaging it
Some ppl have such high deductables w OCare that once they pay premium they have nothing else to go towards deduc so no dr visit since 0 $
Hmmm...actually, no it's really not a right. Just like you didn't have a right to call yourself a Native American.
How do you know her nationality?
Is she registered with a tribe? Let me tell you,no. You can not claim you are American Indian unless you are registered. She did.
Wrong!!
You are right, it is wrong for her to be dishonest and say she is a minority for gain when she isn't.
Htf do you know what she is!!!
I know she's a useless political hack who cares more about herself than anyone else. Native American she is not. Happy Memorial Day!
Sen and Reps is duty bound to the people NOT THEIR PARTY.  Traitors, losers, unfits when they break their oath FOR the us ctzns and legals.
The poor has a right as human to be helped by the gov.  The working people is privileged to choose their h-care.  Basic human rt is to live.
It's not a right.
Thank you for standing up for Americans
It's about prioritizing. Many have abused the system with free health care and food stamps while having the latest iPhones and Nike shoes.
Healthcare is not a human right. It's a benefit.
Your tweets are all the same, it's like a broken record at this point. You just whine and cry about everything/blame Trump. You're boring.
Are you saying there are U.S. citizens who are denied the right to purchase health insurance? I had no idea.
We must all do all that we can to resist.
Try 'resisting' the temptation to allow Dems to control your thinking.
Imagine subverting a Senator's tweet thread just so you can make a vicious comment. You bloodsucker. Correction: Racist bloodsucker.
Typical Moon Bat, goes right for the "racist" accusation.  Weak minded sheeple
I'll tell you why we don't have universal healthcare. People like Senate Majority Leader & other Republicans would not be able to get rich
100% correct! Plus why doesn't Flynn & Trump want to disclose anything taxes, any docs? Bc they are protecting their pockets!
@SebGorka @Kelly_Anne_Con @KellyAnnPolls @DonaIdTTrump @POTUS Trumps tweets no doubt has sunk his ship with the Supreme Court todayWow
Don't give up help is on the way it not over until God say it over have faith as a mustard sed@ SenWarren @SenateDean
Whether you want a welfare state or not is not about economica but about in what kind of society we wanna live in
Of course, because you're so bent on not giving any normalcy 2 this president N spite of the American people. 
We spoke, get T fuck over it.
Should I start mailing you my premium bill of $1400 per month and 5k deductible? Also can't see dr of my choice or hospital!!
You must work for a corporation? I am self employed with BC/BS. Only came company that will have me. Others NOT available or higher.
You are an IDIOT!!!!!!  Why aren't you in Obamacare???   Because it's not good enough for you, but you forced us to take it.  Douche
As much as the right to decide if I want my taxes to go to health care or to war.
It is not the Federal Govt responsibility to provide healthcare, it is their responsibility to protect boarders and Country.
Healthcare is NOT a basic human right!!!!
it is everywhere but here
And that makes it good?
People under Obamacare already are bankrupt or don't have coverage period
actually none of that is true, but whatever.
Yea it's all that information is at your fingertips
That is the problem. If it was about economics, competition would bring prices to a level even the poorest could afford.
Since when??
A human right? I want your health care program... It is a human right.
Run for PRESIDENT PLEASE!
Your party is the one that broke healthcare, just about as beyond repair as Humpty Dumpty.
Health care is NOT A HUMAN RIGHT. And SPEAKING OF OUR VALUES, we the PPL didn't hear a PEEP from U with all the PROTESTING, VALUES U SAY
In the USA your right but in any other modern industrialized country it is so what does that say about how the us treats it's citizen s
Check the tax rate in those countries, trust me it's not free.
ARM AND A LEG
Health insurance is not a right.
U will protect healthcare as a right (not in constitution) but not life (in constitution). Liberal logic pains me.
Then figure out how to get it paid for other than by squeezing the middle class to the breaking point!
Should have supported Bernie.
Then you can donate your salary to cover the cost?I am amazed that a sitting senator will posit that it isn't about economics... Elected?
It is about economics!  Basic economics say when you have no money and are in serious debt...
Govt should NEVER be providing healthcare to its citizens
You have no values. You have shown this time & time again. 2018 will be your end. You'll be like HRC in the woods joining "the resistance".
Thank you for supporting "We the People"
There's that FIGHT word as usual Guess Cherokee Indians do go on the warpath quite often wish someone wld have stopped OBAMACARE
No it's not.
Positive rights don't exist. You don't have a right to anyone else's goods or services.
No it's not Liz!
How do I exercise this basic human right without imposing on or forcing other individuals?
1986 Congress passed EMTLA starting no one can be denied care due to the inability to pay.
Not a right, you have warped sense of values.. Rights are 'God given', ie Freedom . Med Students are not obliged to work for free. Demagogue
Health care is not a basic right - nor is lying about your heritage to game the system. #MAGA #TCOT #TEAParty
Sorry can't find that in the Constitution.
Thank you from all the people who will be decimated by Trump Care.All politicians u will answer to God one day if you hurt our citizens.
NO it's not. It's an emotional argument but it's not a right
Too bad you can't win! Loser!!!
Health care & ACA  not the same! Healthcare is never denied to anyone even if U have no insurance. UN- ACA is insurance ppl forced 2 buy
Thank you!
U mean Obamacare Pocahontas !  DJT should just let YOUR Obamacare run its course and no one will have healthcare. Dems are all lying to 
You don't need to stop it. Like I said your job is to fix it. The present system is broken.
so where in the Bill of Rights does it say health care?  Ive read it, maybe you should too.
Thank you for fighting Sen. Warren! The name s/b trumpDONTcare.
#STOPtrumpDONTcare #STOPtrumpDONTcare #STOPtrumpDONTcare #STOPtrumpDONTcare
Democrats are now the problem. They need to be part of the fix. If you don't like what is there then come up with a better plan
If it was a right , then I wouldn't have to pay for it. It would be given to me.
What a great right it is that we have to pay for other people's health problems.
We need to demand open hearings from silent Senate group of GOP men deciding our future health...who lives and who dies..this is critical
I feel it's more because his name is on it, our health care will be branded by trump and that's all he cares about
Pocahontas tell us how Obummer care is doing ??? Tell us we would LOVE to know.....
Translation: I hate @POTUS I know OCARE has collapsed I won't work with @POTUS screw the people and get him at all costs he hurt my feelings

Not a right.
When did become a human right and is this for anyone who can make it to USA?
Where did you get that. Your values? Really? You wouldn't know a value if it bit you in the ass.That is the one thing dems.. Don't have
Healthcare is not a right.
Health Care is NOT a basic human right...you are wrong from the starting point
You speak of values, but the values you speak of or not fundamentally judeo-christian American values. Your untruthfulness is unbelievable.
Little B , you don't get it, do you? 
#democrats had the media, a seating president, Hollywood, Double the money & lost!
Your ideology lost!
It is about economics. Sick people cant work effectively
Trump always knows better then you.
not according to "Miss America"! But, then she is a rocket scientist. What a rarity?#A Republican Scientist!
Yes it is #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts what sense is it to change 300 million people's coverage & plan to accommodate 30mil?
Health care is a basic human right?   So require someone to treat you at point of gun?
no its about redistribution of wealth from taxpayers to the Washington machine
so healthcare is a right tell that to the veterans who do have a right to healthcare. Is food,shelter a right to?
You don't have any values your party is in meltdown because of it
I'm not paying the 70% in taxes your "free" (because it's a right) healthcare would require.
It's all about ($) economics, No ticky no shirtie.
How I wish that U led our Senate delegation Sen Warren, then I wud return 2 the fold. Right now, I am independent. U R Great & have CHARISMA
What about freedom of religion? Christian scientists do not believe in medical intervention. Are they exempt?
Giving away others people's money isn't charity, it's theft. You have no concept of where the money comes from that you so freely give away
I say that every time a soldier dies to protect oil or a missile goes through the air.Our money was stolen from our pockets for that garbage
Wrong. Healthcare is a service. Might want to pull out your dictionary, sweet pea. 
If you had "values" you wouldn't have crapped that turd called Obamacare on the American people.
We're with you Sen.
Healthcare should be affordable to all. So make it affordable!
@MissUSA declared healthcare is a privilege.
Thank you.
How  ?
healthcare is not a right, you have a right to work and buy your own healthcare if you chose
Well if it's a basic human right why do I have to pay $43K for mine so someone else can get it free.i work 70 hours a week for that "right"
Sure they will .just like Obamacare charges like $800,000 and that was good yeah it makes just good sense
Lizzy, go put YOURSELF on obumercare! Bet you would not last 4 months! Maybe pochahontas you cand get indiancare! Oh thats right you lied!
Lizzy, under obumercare my premiums tripled! My deductibles went to $12,500!  No one can afford you dems fricking health care! It's terrible
If healthcare is a basic human right, how come we have insurance companies?  If it were a basic human right we would not need to be paying.
Learn ANYTHING from the election?  We the people just want you #DoYourJob. Instead of fighting, get your ideas and fixes IN it and go to wrk
Health care is not a right
26M people losing of Healthcare  by 2026 that's approximately 8% of the US population.... not good
can we get you to tell us more about moralit.  We love to hear it from a Native American. Liar
If you want Obamacare you can keep it!
Fight fight. Back. Don't sit back. Please. Please.
What I didn't realize at first is that the GOP would leave 4 mln FEWER covered than when ACA was first enacted....
how do we fight back when being negotiated behind closed doors?
Why dont you take a nerve pill and then buy some new clothes
Since when do U Dems have Values?No!Gov ins is not a human right because U make the middle class pay4 it!Obama care sucks eggs!Ur not on it!
Senator if you really want to see the change that you advocate then run for president, or as Vice President with Sanders. Team up, take 2020
"Trumpcare" nor "Obamacare" are about healthcare...they are both about who is going to pay for it. Investigate COST of healthcare.
wouldnt matter if the new healthcare bill said everyone could have free healthcare for their lifetime you would still find fault and resist!
Everyone can have health care and can get it. But just not at the expense of the taxpayers.
you support abortion on demand through ninth month please don't lecture us on human rights yoohave lost that right
So glad he Dems didn't take the White House! Your words don't mean much.
Double digit % increase in 32 states and 145% increase in Arizona.  That sounds pretty devastating to me...what is your solution?
there are no cuts in the budget -if so show me a line item that is reduced in amount from this year. You are deceiving the public as usual
That's right. That's the way it is on Canada. We need the same health care plan that they have.
Keep fighting! I just can't believe so many ignorant Congressmen think this is okay.
Health care is a privilege!!! Are you democrats ever going to work with President Trump??
Wrong, as usual Pocahontas
It bears repeating: Americans know the cost of everything and the value of nothing.
People who voted for Trump, did NOT vote for this. They voted for his campaign promises. Promises he had no intention of fulfilling & won't.
Talk talk talk talk Warren.. know matter how much you talk you'll never be POTUS in 2020 you lied to us about being an Indian.. Sad!!
Hard to believe they want to strip basic health care from people. Shameful.
For Obama care? I had it and never used it it sucked.
And food, and education, and housing, and and and...
What a liar and irresponsible one
You have lost all credibility. Get a real job
We need All dems working to make it better for their constituents
1)Healthcare is a personal responsibility to provide, not something the government should provide.2) the new gov healthcare is the same
Make it Better! Do your jobs!! Work for us the American people!!
I'm almost 50 yrs old. This new plan will likely make healthcare too expensive for me even though I'm healthy.
thank you! As a healthcare worker myself , we take an oath! Healthcare has a moral component.
Sen can you explain why you approved a $7 million grant for lesbian obesity study? Couldnt that money go to children's healthcare?
Unfortunately, you don't have the votes. Dems need to get it together in time for 2018 midterms! UNITE the party and gain in red States.
WE are in this fight as well!
I'm surprised they haven't privatized firefighting & charged people to put out their house. Why profit from any human suffering? It's Wrong!
I feel hopeless. Thank you
More like Trumpdoesntcare. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan
Education is earned, it is not a right.
Don't speak too soon for Joe Manchin, he's a GOP wildcard.
It wasn't a basic human right until obama. People lived & people died.
It's not a human right number 1 and number 2 you and your democrats had already destroyed healthcare while lying to the American people
Thank you. Penalizing people with pre-existing conditions and those over 55 is not just obscene, it is EVIL!
#PreexistingCondition 
#cancer
#BRCA1
#BRCA2
#Genetics 
#TrumpCare is #KillerCare
Health care is Not a right! Nobody has the right to the labors of another!
@SenateDems are a losing minority party trying to stay relevant. SAD
Not a right a responsibility-A right s gifted to you the other is paid for by you and you alone. Tell your followers to get jobs.
Healthcare is NOT a human right. If u really believe that crap, we would all have your congressional healthcare. Oops, that's reserved 4 u!
Healthcare is a responsibility, not a right. Tough talk from someone with a few vacation homes
Pander much?
So is freedom from government tyranny.
Healthcare is a basic human right if you PAY for it.
I do not believe that the Democratic Party can deliver. They too are all bought and sold by big money, just like the Republicans you oppose
Human Rights Lizzie? You the expert on that.
Stop lying to people. Only losers like you believe this shit.
Get that chump out of office then we will vote the old white men's club out of offie
#OhSnap
Sen. Warren.  How long have you been a socialist?
Dems are losing every minute of everyday because of people like u. Ur  a disgrace and will never have a path to the Presidency u r unstable!
Will you senate dems please just admit O care was a fail and join senate repubs to work on something better.
Warren if you are so worried then why did you promoted the Biggest Fraud the Hillary 4 POTUS & not Bernie
