Sydney Chaffee, who teaches at  Codman Academy in Dorchester, has been chosen as National Teacher Of The Year: http://wbur.fm/2pGK0rB 
Lol your a fraud.

Ugghh..me payum strong braves heap big wampum...payum squaws with jerkey and chores. Me thinkum me know wampum gap in tribe good trade ugghh https://twitter.com/StefanMolyneux/status/855560052756946945 …
PLEASE dont lose in 2018..PLEASE! We need you to be the candidate in 2020!! With you heading the DEM ticket..WE'RE guaranteed a second term!
Not a SINGLE person said anything like that about @HillaryClinton in 2006, 2007 2008, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 or 2016
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
HRC didn't spout of in such an asinine fashion as EW did. And again..if SHE is the DEM nominee in 20..Yay..because then the Republicans WIN!
Did she lie and say she was an Indian to get that job.  Pocahontas????
FAUXcahontas
Yo Liz, saw you on @maddow this morning. Sounding pretty Presidential...

#Warren2020?
And #CharterSchools
How is the Socialism life working out for you Warren. Pretty good I hear when you are one of the 'creeps' at the top of the food chain. UGH
Can you hear all of us laughing behind your back about how clueless you are? smh
WITH ALL THE CRAZIES IN THE WORLD WE HAVE TO FIGHT WE DON'T NEED TO  BE FIGHTING WITH OURSELVES!
Way to Elizabeth Warren! Thank you for all you do for our country & women. You are a roll model for my daughter & all young women. #CarryOn
Lol what has she done for this country. Absolutely nada.
AND WITH LIBERALS LIKE ELIZABETH WARREN ON CRACK WE DON'T NEED! OR HER STUPID SUPPORTERS! JUST CLINTON CLOWNS!
I WISH MORE MASSACHUSETTS RESIDENTS WAKE UP AND SEE HOW CRAZY THE LEFT-WING LIBERALS AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAVE BECOME!
Hey pocahontas, why do you preach income inequality, when you only pay your female staff 71 cents on the dollar? Practice what you preach!

Median Annual Salary by Gender for @SenWarren Staff in 2016

Men: $73,750 
Women: $52,750…
"ugly stew of racism" - you clearly have no clue
#sofaroutoftouch
Awesome. Will she be making mid-six figures like you? Then u 2 can complain about the high cost of student debt together
now that Lindsey Graham is happy with trumps bombing, will that impede the Senate's investigation into Russia
Give it up Fauxcahontas. America has rejected the far left.
Well I'm surprised clinton and obama didn't do it they did everything else to ruin the country and the world. Warren is just as nasty
I'm disgusted that you and that obnoxious behar think that our security here is a joke don't bother to run for POTUS we don't like you
you say that people like me are racist because I'm conservative and voted Trump yet you lied about what race your are Pocahontas
So you think that more then half the country is racist? That's going to burn you in the end. Good luck with damage control on that one.
@WBUR A sitting Senator calling the @potus a racist while lying about her own race to get ahead in life #delusional
@SenWarren says bc I support POTUS I'm a racist. I wonder if she cld explain this to all of the ppl of color in my family They'll be shocked
Those same ppl are also Trump supporters, senator. How would you address this statement to them? Very carefully, I'll assume.
You are such a hypocrite!!! Very sad that you are continue your dishonest comments !!! What did you say about Betsy Devos?
It's a public school???
Don't ever steal a quote from Sarah Palin, "FIGHT LIKE A GIRL" You are not half the woman she is. U had to lie to get special treatment
Liz, it's NOT racism, we just hate communism. You don't fool anyone. Why don't you condemn the violence of the illegally masked "antifa"?
What, is Sydney getting 350K to teach one class?  Or is Sydney claiming to be Native American?
Great to see. Charter schools are the future. Liberal public school policies have failed us and our children miserably.
Oklahoma teacher $31k. 1200 people working as Teachers on emerg cred (not teachers). Schools on 4 day wks. No books. 
Hwy pat only 100mile
@WBUR Congrats
YOU ARE SICK!!! A CON & A SCAM!!!
You are a fraud! You lied about being Native American! Then you call Trump supporters racist! You are a threat to America! Pocahontas
@funder MARY MC CORD IS LEAVING DOJ SUDDENLY. SHE IS THE LEAD ON RUSSIAN ELECTION TAMPERING. FOLLOW THE MONEY!
@realDonaldTrump  is so much  more Powerful, Clever, Smarter than you'll ever be!  You're a nut case that belongs in a Straight Jacket!
If you think that by going on TV Shows; laugh it up at OUR Expense; slam the POTUS and then run in 2020... YOU ARE ALL WRONG!
WE the people deserve so much better than people like you that WE PAY to go on shows; slam our Government, President! You're a FAILURE!
Good teachers are rare & deserving of praise! They have the power to affect the lives of many, & change the   in ways they may never know.
I just watched your comments on the View. You are dangerous with your rhetoric! Back it down.
Liz thanks for doing nothing to help Springfield schools. Holyoke schools are run by the state. Must be Trumps fault right? Or the Russians?
How stupid can one be!
Seems a bit moonbatty to me, based on her follows. If she expressed any conservative leanings she wouldn't have won or have your support.
The Washington Post ran a op/ed about the impending collapse of Obamacare and what Pres Trump is going to do about it. Like it is his fault.
Hey lizzy saw you were on the View how does that waste of time help the people in Massachusetts do your damn job for once
Thank you, Senator Warren! Thank YOU for everything you do!
GO WARREN 2020 WARREN 2020 WARREN 2020 WARREN 2020 WARREN 2020 WARREN 2020
"A Dream Come True" says Donald.
Which will probably put her on De Vos'es list of " Teachers who need to be fired".
When are we going to restore bankruptcy protections for student loan debtors who can't afford them?
Chaffee's an @AmeriCorps alum, service program helps members afford school & threatened by congress
please support!
Congratulations Syndey Chaffee, @cschools & @AmeriCorps Alum, for being named the 2017 National Teacher of the Year! http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/sydney-chaffee-honored-as-2017-national-teacher-of-the-year/ …
why don't we offer the North Korean people a financial incentive if they take out the leader? Promise them food, oil, money.
Charter school????  Happy for her but Massachusetts inner city public schools are suffering....  Can you look into that??? Btw. Love you
Teaching is one of the noble professions and so undervalued. Congrats to Ms. Chaffee for her dedication and achievement.
Fine people come out of Dorchester
Have you done anything important for ma? Vote fake indians out of the senate.. all liars must get out now!
Who picked her.. she the national teacher of fake indians?
Does she teach Native American studies?.. you should be the ultimate fan POCAHONTAS will you smoke the peace pipe #thorshammer1968
Your biggest regret should be that you scammed some Native American Indian out of their rightful benefit by claiming you were NAI. SMH
Better than hitting someone you disagree with in the head with a bike lock in a bandana sling like ANTIFA, right #ericclanton ? #MAGA
The privatization of education where corporations control our children's education is nothing to celebrate! Corporations are in business 4 $
That is so true. I teach in a Massachusetts inner city public school. We beg and borrow for everything right down to soap and tp
Your not smart, you paid for hack. We aren't ending death penalty we are taking back country you loonatic.
hearing you say "I'm a nasty woman" is the funniest thing I have ever heard in my life.
GO MASSACHUSETTS TEACHERS   ARE THE BEST!!!
#Stunning !!
Do u think????  The girl teaches in a charter school in Boston. Look it up!!!  Inner city schools aren't exactly white but u sure are
