Elizabeth, how did this guy become president??
Russia
Russia went to the polls and voted?
Russia spent a lot of $ on misinformation campaigns that his voters believed.
No, Wikileaks exposed the truth about her and the DNC
How naive are you to think there aren't similar GOP emails?
Not on a private , unsecure server
Holy shit! Do you not realize the DNC emails were from THEIR server?
Sarah Huckabee Sanders admits they fired him to end the investigation faster.
They didn't just try - they succeeded. And now we have one giant, embarrassing mess to clean up.
Lmao you guys are believing in lies and Russia is laughing at you guys so badly.
In case you missed it, Russia is laughing at all of US. Including your precious 45. https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/05/russia-trump/526428/ …
Ah presenting me a link from CNN how daring. You ought to read the article to understand how the media is so hurt by that Russian amb visit
And The Atlantic. Though, I am guessing you likely only get your news from one source.
My sources are most likely from independent sources and media. And btw, if you live in the US, he is your president.
Did you offer @POTUS44 the same level of respect you demand for 45? Also, I don't believe I ever said 45 wasn't POTUS.
Sweetheart, I was just like you. Debating with Trump supporters and using sources like the NYT and HuffPost to justify my arguments.
I know you could never officially say now for a variety of reasons, but please consider running in 2020.

And thanks for all of your work.
Can you imagine @SenWarren as Pres and @SallyQYates as Head of the DOJ again? Talk about POWER!! 
OMG I hope she does! Then I can watch the dems crying over another candidate that has no message.
Was that really necessary? What is wrong with you? 
Yep. Oh ur Canadian. You have been brainwashed since birth. Warren and the other cry baby's try to promote fear and hate.
I find it ironic that you claim she is trying to promote fear & hate, but you're the one instigating name calling and insults at Canadians.
It frankly seems that you are the most fearful and hateful person in this conversation so far. It at least comes across that way.
Honest question: 

In what ways are we "crybabies," and in what ways are we trying to promote fear and hate?

Allison, gr8 pic, I'm gonna steal it + ask others 2 do same.
For all we know the Clintons, Sorro and WARREN, are behind it!!!@   they certainly are criminal enough!!
Stay on him he is in la la land its not a game.......
Who rigged the primaries?
Trump needs to man up and take responsibility for HIS OWN mistakes and stop blaming them on the Democrats or anyone else!
Is time for Pocahontas to retire. So, please do no vote for her next time.
Just like the DNC influenced the primary but still looking for your tweet expressing outrage....#selectiveoutrage
Russia did influence r election. 2 what degree of influence the emails played we can't tell. Influence, YES!
I think all you Senators need to stop saying Russia"tried to influence" our elections. They did influence the election!
Exactly, call it like it is!
& they need 2 stop acting like DT isn't aware of whats going on. He's known & set this up when he told Pu 2 get her emails & they did
It's amazing that we can see into that, isn't it? in his own words that he used on Clinton, LOCK HIM UP!
That just "sounded good before the election" though right?
Yes, of course! It was a campaign tactic to win. Too bad the same tactic won't work to get his ass out of there!
And he asked #Comey 3 times if he's under investigation. I know my kids are in trouble when they ask me if they're in trouble. #RussiaGate
Omgosh exactly
Right? And the NYT reported that wasn't true. Can't wait to hear Comey testify next week.
And now for the deflection...lets make deals with China...u can have our oil we will take ur tainted chickens... 
You know what amazes me the most? How his surrogates keep defending him. And let's not forget the great GOP.
Exactly ...he has no flaws? None? Hell I loved Obama but damn he made mistakes all the time i call them out im not #partyovercountry
Of course not. That's why I call his supporters #TrumpZombies #TheWalkingDumb. He & GOP are taking ACH from them and they cheer on.
Great term for them
In typical Trump fashion, he tried to douse the fire with kerosene. Now #TrumpRussia is blowing up.
And invited top Russians and their reporters into WH...behind closed doors...?
Reagan had meetings with Russians and stopped the cold war!!  So where is it stated that POTUS can't meet w/ other Diplomats??!!??
He should have fired him Day 1. He did what you all want now your bitching about it. Can't make your NWO ass happy for nothing.
why is Impeachment taking so long? Are the dems that dirty too that no one is willing to do this?
So says the one who endorsed @HillaryClinton while still being investigated by @FBI
He's just moving on to pursue the agenda the people voted him into office for, you want to block him because if he succeeds, Dems are DONE!
All he is is smoke and mirrors. Nothing of substance. He's unfit to be POTUS on every level imaginable.  #impeachTrumpnow
How desperate the dems look. Every day I'm embarrassed for you.
@senwarren, do you think he colluded with the Russians? If so, do you have proof?
Kinda hard to assert when we don't have all the facts. Sounds like you want an independent investigation
No public facts yet. An independent investigator will be selected by Trump, same as the FBI Director. Not sure it makes a difference.
If Trump did nothing wrong, an actual independent investigation will determine it. To want less is a bizarre way to defend his innocence
Let me repeat; If an independent investigator is appointed, it is the POTUS that appoints him/her. This is a chimera.
Agree this is is a chimera with few options and one most Republicans are fine enabling - https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/independent-prosecutor-russia-whip-count/?utm_term=.b6e44cb81c20 …
Gabe, are you happy with the appointment of Mueller?
Hillary was never going to win. She was basically the only person Trump could beat. She is equally unpopular and disliked. Look at polling.
And fauxcahontas won't admit there is no evidence of collusion between Russkis and Trump campaign. Zero.
It's a talking point and the only one they have
Pocahontas, can't you find anything else to do?  Bless your heart!
Of course he does!
Keep up the pressure. We need a independent investigation.
They do that to everyone! Fact Trump won!!! America spoke! Get over it!!! Liberal corruption is over!!! Drain the swamp!!!! America first!!!
Kinda the same way we influenced Libya, Syria and host of other nations during Obama's term. You're a hypocrite
Change the subject from collusion to the actual law that was broken but does not appear to be investigated ... leaks of classified info.
You know the investigation will continue and the Democrats will continue to spend millions of dollars to find nothing
keep @realDonaldTrump feet to the fire. No confirmation vote without special prosecutor or independent investigation. He's a liar
At least he didn't stop the investigation! He got rid of the lying Comey.
Tried??? I thought it was clear that they did ...
Where were U when Obama thought we had 57 states.  Idiots teaching idiots
Keep up the good work Warren! tRUMP is an impetuous pampered imbecile who has no respect for protocol or experience working WITH  others
Impeachment hearings now #impeachTrumpnow
Lizzy, you are nothing... a nobody who just spews hate. Do something for your country
PROVE IT!!
trumpster is scared gettin busted...he wanted to  get in charge didnt matter how many corps he is leaving behind..he serves only himself
change the subject?
The conduct of DNC at primaries is a greater threat to democracy than supposed Russians exposing said conduct
My question is: When did trying to influence another country's election become a bad thing?
He probably learned to change subjects from democrats who don't want to talk about how DNC rigged the primary against Bernie Sanders.
Please, months ago all you liberal buffoons wanted Comey fired! Lol, now you're all upset, like the investigation won't go on!? #clowns
You are bought and paid for by the corporate interests.  But, you want to change the subject!
Someone, anyone please run against this disgrace to US Senate.
here's some real crimes Senator: Bengazhi, email scandal, pay to play
All the corruption exposed doesn't matter right? Oh wait you wanna change the subject now right?
This is how Russia influence election: Hillary sold our Uranium to them and the $ went into her Foundation! Wake up America!
Where were you on the Russians when Hillary was selling our Uranium? Your political stances are a joke.
Your brain only works like a flickering light bulb doesn't it ?
You do know that Comey doesn't investigate in person. He supervises the real investigators that do the work.
Pathetic, U and Dems chasing a Red Herring.  Got nothing on Trump so you contrive a Russian connect & r helped by lib propaganda media
He was not I repeat not the top question investigator! Get your facts straight.
Put that in Your pipe and smoke it. And until you accept that and make changes you will continue to be a losing party.
Here's what influenced th election.Hillary Rodham Clinton was such a flawed candidate that she lost to a guy that had never run for ANYTHING
Hillary LOST, Ms. Warren because she was a corrupt politician.  Called us deplorable, racists, irredeemables. NO RUSSIA STORY, just a loser.
Reminds me of a President who fired the FBI director and then a White House Official ended up dead.  Odd.



Time to stop the fake Russia crap Pochantus. Shattered proves you wrong.....again and bigly. Time for you to stay in you teepee.
No Senator, Russia did not "try" to influence our Election; they actually did influence our Election - 3 States!
Not true and you are a liar


You said you were Native American and now you want to change the subject #Pocahontas
We all want to change the subject. If this happened, it was under your and Obama's watch. Now move on and do your job. Do something!
Of course he wants to change the subject
Trump won bcuz Americans were tired of nothing done in DC for the people & tired of Hillary, Liz & Bernie policies, not Russia

#impeachTrumpnow
Produce some actual evidence or shut the $#!@ up.
please do not let him.

New news! 2 million Russians came to America, registered to vote , and changed the election. Liz, you are a special kind of stupid.
Here's our Prez's response to your (Dems) fake hype:
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Liz, I'm beginning to think you like getting your ass kicked? Is this your MO? Then whine?
Someone better tell Eric Trump to be quiet about the Russian funds.
Oh you mean like how the Obama Administration interfered with the Israeli election? More of those childish Democrats double standards.
Business as usual
Fauxcahontas, last week Comey said before committee that no evidence of Trump adm collusion w/ Russia.
Fauxcahontas,there is
Come on Liz. Agents working this investigation all report 2 someone under Comey. Please don't wreck solid activism & b part of the problem.
Investigate your own house.    You will be educated but probably not honest. I am disgusted with all of you.  But Pocahontis is the worse .
hey Pocahontas didn't you in the socialist party cry a river and want him fired over Killery
I can't help but to read your tweets in your annoying voice lol you're a waist
And you want to change the narrative.
45's a two-year-old toddler acting out for more attention. Time to spank that butt and take away his toys.
30 years in DC and still don't know director is not an investigator. Guess you are as much smart as you are NA, fauxahantas
That is not true. Comey was not the top Russian investigator. Fake news from the fake indian
He doesn't want Comley to expose Trump's relationships w Russia to the US! Lol
it's no secret Trump and his administration was & still is involved with Russia! Their power should be stripped
A firing that all of the DNC wanted. And was justified by Comey actions. Has no impact on the FBI investigation on Russia. #fearmonger
#ImpeachTrump NOW #ImpeachTrump
#GOPCOVERUP
Zero evidence. Where is it?  You don't have it. The IRS did admit they broke the law. You did not seem interested in that
ебанулась, имея подписчиков 2 миллиона, такое писать. Совсем ебнулась Америка
Trump deflects, projects and misdirects
Haha  I wonder why?
Even USSR never doesn't have so much stupid bullshit antiamerican propaganda
Where's The Evidence? #phonyscandal
PLEASE stop. As an educated woman and obama voter even I see that this is partisan. It's the boy who cried wolf! You are losing all cred
Says lying sitting squaw
Did Soros tell you to say that @SenWarren #MAGA
@birdwriter7
Warren why you switching girl?
Key word in your tweet is "tried" #Pocahontas
Proof?
He needs to be tried for high treason.
HRC emails weren't planted. Emails were straight from her camp. She got caught & now you're crying HRC lost the election stop blaming ppl
Can we have a new election once Trump is ousted for treason?
More fake news
IMPEACH!  IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH!
Don't let him.  Keep him on the subject
McCabe said it had no impact on investigation.  Where do you get your facts before you run your mouth??
Senator you are so right if he doesnt like something he changes his tune dont trust a president like that back and forth
There is no evidence of collusion with Russia. But there are signs that the Secret Service spied on Republicans for Democrats. Watergate ?
Do something about it!
Ya think so?
Yeah that's his MO. We need to be consistent and hold his feet to the fire. Not get distracted with the BS he tries to deflect with.
I think TRUMP is scarde because he has something to HIDE,If not why with hold TAXES and fire COMEY? YOU NEED TO MAN UP! #COUNTRYBEFOREPARTY
#obstructionofjustice #ImpeachTrump & all his colluding cronies
There is as much proof that Trump colluded with Russians as you being Native American. Sit the fk down.
Is desperate to change the subject and claim that its all fabricated
that’s Trump modus operandi. He dug himself a hole and tried to change the subject or ignore it to get out of the hole.
Russia tried to influence our election, & @realDonaldTrump just fired the top Russia investigator. But Trump wants to change the subject.
And he may have threatened Mr. Comey -- that's the sound of intimidation. Putin must be proud of his padawan!
The investigation still continues so your shaky theory falters & Trump had a 5th and 6th Am right to know if he was under FBI investigation
Forget about how he became president, focus on impeaching him, he has early stages of Dementia!
What will it take to start impeachment proceedings?
Dizzy Lizzy ,the FBI is still investigating with or without COMEY !! SO TELL THE TRUTH U DING BAT !
Why u lying ?? He fired Comey but investigation still going and Comey was NOT doing the Investigating...Stop your BS..
Change it to how we influence every other countries elections. And then stop doin it. Then I will care about Russian interference.
would love to see massive nation wide protests against trump's agenda on his birthday june 14th
you say that yet there is not one single piece of evidence to suggest that's true, not one.

if you Clinton shills had respected Senator Sanders, who would have won, we would never have #TravestyInChief
Name one Russian that the FBI has said interfered with the election. PLEASE or stop the lies!
Comey was NOT an investigator! The professional agents are STILL investigating the alleged Russian interference!  Stop fear mongering & lies
#impeachTrumpnow
Liz, "Lie-awatha" certainly is an appropriate nickname. Tell us how they tried to influence the election..., I'm patient, I'll wait.
Comey being fired DID NOT STOP the investigation, we all heard that from the FBI, the @POTUS, listen up and get your facts straight!
Not a fan at all of POTUS but, you have to acknowledge dems wanted Comey gone.  Find a way to at least say that too.
There are 13,598 Special Agents in the FBI.  I doubt that all of them are so nauseated that they can't go to work anymore.  You are nuts.

I am sure Hillary agrees
Sorta like you changing the subject when someone brings up your lie about being Native American? Hmmm sorry Pocahontas no one believes you
You're another life long politician that needs to go!
Well he does have a lot of crap in all areas he's trying to pull. Healthcare, national parks.....etc Russia is most important keep fighting
Aahh...Comey wasn't an investigator and Trump didnt fire the entire FBI.
Get him impeached. It's time
