.@realDonaldTrump’s @FCC wants to end #netneutrality so a handful of big companies can block, filter or charge more for what we do online.
We need a free & open internet – not one that tilts the playing field for the rich & powerful who already made it. We need #netneutrality


So true. Need a job? Apply online. Want to go to school? The internet helps that too. The telecoms act like they invented this!
Like fighting for women's "right to BARE arms!" Sign my petition and stand with the women of Congress.
Pretty sure guys aren't allowed bare arms either.
and get as minority scholarship...
Pocahontas scammed tax payers is the point!!
Hahahaha....true
We don't like you in our government just resign
Elizabeth Warren your a putz
I feel d. Trump's election has signaled the beginning of the end for the usa.
We know it won't be you or some big g
next big idea ... like impersonate a Native American for your own financial gain, Pocahontas.
I can't sign petition because I can't donate. Why?
You can bet it will not be a Democrat
you can get every thing on the internet
Yeah you should get online it's always a good laugh
Paul Ryan won't answer whether he wld accept help from Russia to win b/c he already has. Possibly all top GOP's have mean govt run by Putin.
Pls. Call me. I am a retired registered nurse 032517
What a meaningful and useful comment.
Small Hands?
I've never attacked Trump for his looks, actually. Just his actions.
Maybe those in power want to limit who gets access to certain info so to limit who comes up with the next big idea.
No,they want 2 stop access so that we,the people,R kept distant and helpless to affect wrongs!
Yes, wouldn't be able to do this #PaleFace !
What's with the Blatant racism? I thought this was 2017.
You are right (Oddly Enough). We do not know who it will be. 
We do know however, who it will not be. Online won't help you.
Nothing will.
Would you please shut up.
#KidRockForSenate
Like President Trump is online?  He's ahead of the curve eh lizzie?  Excellent endorsement!
It's Donald j for 7 more years,eat your heart out squaw
And you'll be right there stealing my money to help pay for it - until they become successful, then you'll steal them blind as well.
Hey it could be an aborted one too! But they need to get life to do it.
#lieawatha
Amen. You and Sanders; a good team.
Are you ever going to Impeach Trump?
Guess we can count you out. Haven't seen anything from you but lies.
CLU_L_SS Would you like to buy a vowel?
Keep the internet doors open @FCC @AjitPaiFCC without toll collectors.
Definitely NOT you 
Won't be coming from the whining Democrats, from what I've seen. No credible leaders with ideas. Why do u think we have an outsider in WH?
Gee, you think?
Resign
Your only big idea is to create political hate.
Internet replaced public libraries as major source of information for students & researchers. Govt needs to provide FREE universal internet
Just tell #trump 's angry legion of deplorables this rule change will impact their ability to stream HD vids from #Pornhub.
Are you really that egnorent, every one knows how to get on the internet and to market thir products - if they dont FREE Services available
@realDonaldTrump Chocolates will change people's attitude. I experienced this with Japan. My secret which I can sharerex
@realDonaldTrump Think  of an industry that made a huge impact during WWII, chocolates flood our enemies and friends with great chocolates
@senwarren which is more important to you: Net neutrality or reinstating Glass-Steagall?
@realDonaldTrump you have no system plan, that looks at the country in relation to the rest of the world.  You need help from people like me
First thing you made a statement sense 
@SenWarren the next big idea is to depose @jasoninthehouse and follow the trail to impeach and sanitize @GOP members and @WhiteHouse .
Resist the Orange Devils!
@BogmanSports @IsItTheWelsh just traded away andrus for McCullers. You can trade him away damn it
If you have another shortstop you can move him
The only big idea left has been known for almost 2000 years. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=John+3%3A16-17&version=ISV …
Well we know it won't be you Pocahontas
US citzen pays. UR huge salary. We R sick & tired elected officials instead placing our interst 1st, U play politecs on our dim. Work 4 US.
Thanks for trying to keep your head in the game.
Heres a grand idea. Investigation into hillary/dnc coluding with Uķraine to hurt Donald Trump. This is REAL.
Elizabeth warren is a liar on everything. What she's for I'm against
go Elizabeth your voice is strong and we will follow. Lead the way to get Trump out of the White House.
I'm loaded with ideas , I wish I had the resources to put them into action.
Speaking of ideas. @va_shiva has always been a man of ideas and his latest one to defeat an incompetent phony Indian is a pretty good one
Give me a break lady this isn't Bolivia. This is Just another big government push to overtake the internet and censor Americans.
Patriotism is an old idea and a great one. The GOP has no clue what it means.
Net neutrality is essential if we want the US to be the one to come up with the next big idea!
Keep fighting!
Speaking of helpful ideas: plz learn Spanish asap&get crucial 2020 votes. Repubs folks admitting potus brkdown,cue4Rubio
@SenWarren How about we enforce Constitutional Law requiring press neutrality. #EndMediaLies
The day a person depends "to get online" as you put it, is in for a big idea pipe dream. Depend on yourself, online isn't dependable.
So then why do Democrats hog up all the bandwidth with their little ideas?
the net neutrality campaign to avoid that expense
like Google, Facebook, Amazon and Netflix. They have deep pockets and could pay more for fast lanes for their services, they say, but used
Opponents of net neutrality rules say the rules were mainly the result of a very effective lobbying campaign by powerful internet companies
Well, we do know it won't be you.
Your online now. The whole conversation is about net neutrality & that big corp. should not be able to control the internet.
@skylarclouds GOODMORNING MS WARREN , HAVE A GREAT DAY/MORNING
For all we know it could be you, @SenWarren. Though many want to shut you up. :,(
Let's take it as far as "the world" should we? Who would hve thought the leading idea revolutionary would come from South Africa?....
Will you run for POTUS? We need a woman with an iron fist like yourself to be president.
It  certainly won't come from a republican.
Kid Rock for Senator! Bet he's online.
Thank you Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
It's definitely NOT coming from the Democratic  Party, they haven't had an idea since the election.
From my point of view, I have more than two big projects that need to take off.
Maybe you guys should stay offline for a little while.
They'll probably need to be born first #DefundPP
Lizzy, NOT! Not all commerce and business goes thru the internet!! Wake Up pochahontas people don't all live in tee pees and ride horses!
Or you know actually be born. Have a chance at life? How many "Big Ideas" have been killed by PP?
Do you have internet connection in your tee pee Pocahontas
@SenWarren We need better networks, faster networks, net neutrality is not going to lead to new technology. You're views show your ignorance
thanks for reminding people online that there are many fronts to fight on

Are you,Sen Warren also working to protect "net neutrality"?
I have a great idea to help freedom, but almost no one has reached out to me. Free domains to those that justify its use!
I have a great idea; vote Pocahontas Warren out of office. Great  idea!
I can guarantee it's not going to be you Liz and it's not going to be the Democrats yay president Trump
We certainly know it won't be you or any other Democrat, that's for sure. Can you list a single accomplishment?
What?? No book endorsement?? seems like you done more of that then anything. what will you do when George "The Real" Diehl  takes your seat?
one thing is for sure, it won't be you.
Well let's hope they're not American Native you'll just steal it
Just say without net neutrality you'll get expensive regulations that hurt small business. Keep it simple in terms most voters understand
Net neutrality is the digital form of democracy.
The hardest working woman in America. You are respected
I know it ain't you unless you can rip someone off
Not if oligarchs have control....people?, it's time...
I have a big Idea. I will claim to be a native American and land a cushy job
I do. Please follow me.
It sure as hell won't be a liberal snowflake cupcake!
Maybe someone will get the idea they are an Indian so they can reap extra benefits
 Agree. I am an Engineer.
This is crazy...just when u think the nightmare cant get worse.
Term limits how about it, tired of all of you career politicians
I dunno. I think trump is evidence that being online isn't synonymous with having big ideas.
Yes,to trump being an ass online.NO to having our dialogue with one another stopped!
That would be me with my unscripted TV series that will help veterans reclaim their lives.
More sensationalism I see. NN is a cartel's wet dream. It prevents competition in the market. Please learn wtf you are talking about.
...and it won't be from a guvmint agency fer shurr
#GoFCCYourself
Doesn't stop people from getting on the internet
Okay. 
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
#RepublicansAreTrumpEnablers
And they're probably going to need to be taxed at 90% in order to spread the illbegotten gains around
Might have been an aborted baby which you support.
Pocahontas! We know you will never lead us to the future. You are not are true blooded Indian, just a liar!
Please make sure the Russian involvement doesn't go away.
Good thing Obama and the democrats didn't install the internet "kill switch" that they wanted so badly.
All the more reason we all need to protect #NetNeautrality
Wasupwithis
Says sitting squaw
Exactly, because where would T. Edison or A.G. Bell inventions gone without the internet?
The recent election results are the catalyst that has finally forced a revaluation of our american social values.Long time coming.neutrality
Build the wall cut plan parenthood! Go America
Wow.  How Pricelessly astute you are, Senator!!!!  And we actually pay you to be a US Senator????
I just hope the Dems nominate you for Pres in 2020!!!
You are right cherokee woman
"The next idea is long overdue... Stop thinking about Politics,... And Start Getting Together Putting this Country Back to ON TRACK ....
Its me. I am a biplane flying, barrel rolling dachshund....that nobody would otherwise know about without the internet.
Well after 8 yrs of doing nothing, Trump is Making America Great Again
I wonder how many "next big ideas" we are missing out on because the host got aborted?
I'm sure trump will take credit for it!
Maybe the next big ideas will die with the 900,000+ embryos/fetuses that will end up in tissue waste buckets next year; no Internet for them
The biggest idea in self government was ratified in 1787. Maybe time for you to read it.
Hmmmmmm...thought it was '88?
The big idea everyone is waiting for is a promise to rid politics of money. There needs to be a unified message on this.
Brilliant LIZ. Absolutely brilliant. Is this why you are paid big bucks. Not worth it.
Agree! Expose them for what they are!
With all you dems hashtagging net neutrality makes a lot of people think you representatives have something to hide.
What a bunch of Goebbels like crap. You're the worst kind of demagogue. Snake oil salesman, carnival barker, fear monger. Mega rich 1%er
They're also going to need to vote Republican.
the ignorance in these comments is astounding. I'm with you Senator! We WILL win this battle!!! ♾
?? And your message is...
OH ELIZABETH! WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE ALLUDING TO!
Part of the trouble is that people who want to push America backwards to "the good old days" don't understand the net or its importance
We understand the net and its frailties, as proven by the ability to hack Liz Warren's party net.  Don't put all your eggs in one internet.

I see you backed off on Trump you must've paid attention to Ossoff's nonelection!
Hahahahaha!
Here's a big idea:  resign.  Delete your Twitter.
'Hope it's an idea to reverse global warming, eradicate Cancer or cognitive deterioration.
I think you should send a shout out to @algore who invented the internet. #YouDidntBuildThat
It may be time to take the internet away from Corporations & turn it over to a public consortium. #FreetheWeb
Take it away from developers? That will certainly end development and investment in new network technology. Great idea, NOT
No please!  Let her do her thing in Washington. The more she's there, the less damage she can do in Massachusetts!!
You mean over regulation and govt overreach might hinder progress? Would be nice if u felt that way in other aspects of business
Mrs. Warren why are the Democrats being frecken sissys when it comes to Trump..
Wow u people are the biggest whiners ever.  If your not crying your not breathing.... sad that people believe and vote for u
Ilke every time I refresh @twitter I see a crazy left wing progressive communist globalist feed? You're all smoke & mirrors hypocrites.
Here's a big idea stop the screaming, get to work helping the American people. Resistance doesn't help collaboration and cooperation does.
Why waste time with WH news conferences no cameras and no answers. Sarah Huckabee Sanders needs to change that awful picture.
Unless it involves Russia, it sure won't be a democrat!
: We don’t know who is going to have the next big idea in this country, but they’re probably going to need to get online to do it.
We were thinking that, too.

 #NetNeutralityDay

You need to just retire
Hey pocahontas were you ever kin to geronimo or tonto,when I was little I loved them
Well we know it's not the Democrats.No real ideas just resistance. Sad what your party has turned into.
Hillary Clinton, a centrist, is better than our near-fascist president. The gif is him incapable of processing that.
R, to the A, to the C I S T, RACIST!
We know it won't be the government. Retire.
I have to agree with some stuff but win was the last time a rich person did anything for the poor ? That just don't make since
one thing is certain, you libs will be right there to tax the crap out of them.
Online? Sorry. I know we call all web stuff "innovation," but it really is a weak form that won't turn the economy around.
We are not looking to the Internet to turn economy around! We are protecting our access to it,etc.
I am not looking to the internet to turn economy around either. All inno these days is continuous and replication, not economic wealth gen.
We at the HP have a great idea: Take the DNA test and prove that you are an Indian and deserved all the benefits that you received #JustDoIt
They are afraid that a future that doesn't want them is already here so they are trying to ensure that it's unevenly distributed.
Interesting thought! #VERY!
