Proudly watching y'all while infusing a medication that I couldn't afford under AHCA. Lifetime limits= death sentence. Keep fighting for us!
God bless you! Healthcare should be a right! 
Like most things in life, work for it!
Hi Sheeri, did you know that some people have medical illnesses that will prevent them from obtaining insurance? Did you also know that...
My condition, for example, costs roughly $12-20K + per year to care for? It's not about not working. My family pays this amount in taxes...
Each and every year. We work. We just want access to health insurance.
I'm disabled dear and I pay for it. No freebies here. No free meds No free food. Ok.
I'm disabled and we do work. We do not get freebies either. You're making assumptions about my family. Don't you care what happens to you...
GIVE THEM HELL!!!!!
They already gave us hell, it's just renamed Obama care.
You are sooooo funny Stanley!  You must be a Trumpie. Let me guess...you live in middle America and never graduated college right?!?!
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD. WHY DO U EXPECT GOV HEALTH CARE
BTW I AM A COLLEGE GRADUATE
PAID MY OWN
GET A JOB
YEP, I STAND WITH @POTUS & AMERICA
How does someone making 30 grand a year afford an $800 a month premium?  Should we start tipping Taco Bell workers so they can buy insurance
I was making $12.75 an hour had to pay $585 a month 4 my BCBS. Fast foods r NOT meant to support family sry but get better job
U CAN DO IT 
LeVell, sweetheart, I don't work at Taco Bell. My point, if you want fast food or other cheap commodities someone will get paid poorly.
Marti "My Sweet", exactly my point. That keeps price down 4 when u get hungry. 
College ppl DO FIND GOOD PAYING JOBS-A FACT!
May God Bless
Insurance for my 3 little girls is up over 50% with deductibles sky high. Working families and girls HURT by ACA
Costs have been rising for years. They have never stopped rising.
*holds you beer/cappuccino/water* Go get 'em!
We need to send them fanfic to read. And recipes.
Fanfic filibuster!
YAAAAAAS!!! How many people can we get on board to send fanfic to the Senators to read?? @sapphirescribe? @donnersun?
@tuesdaymidnight
Hahahaha! If I had a good source for free, I definitely would!
Please keep fighting don't let them get away with it !! We know it's going to hurt all Americans one way or another GOP don't care at all !
Hold the floor sounds exciting do u know how many ppl will die if u don't hold floor hoe long do we have once u lose the floor what should
I Wish U Might Blame @GOP vs @SenWarren 4Your  #holdthefloor #Obamacare #PonziScheme #CPO's Can't Fix It & U Knew This Liars #TaxProvison's
#ShowUsTheBill @SenWarren 1st Backroom Deal That #Obamacare'd So Much 4 His #Healthcare Tax On Americans Here It Is>
#ShowUsTheBill Yes That One #Obamacare'd Legacy Of Lies Which Was A Lying #Healthcare #Tax #DNC U Hid From Millions Of #HardWorkingAmericans
Make America Sane Again
FIGHT! Trump, & those want to simply change vast healthcare infrastructure billions invested need to simply stop . #healthcarebill #POTUS
Idiot's
ObamaCare has FAILED for 1/3 of the U.S., who currently have no options.
And many others who can't even afford the Deductible.
Maybe you should help instead of harm the American people. A lot of us are left without insurance with the failure of Obamacare
Crazy old bat.Go retire in North Hampton.
Thank you for defending and representing the American people and no the interests of the insurance companies.
For God's sake. You're not there to be obstructive. Work and come up with something better.

@BrianLehrer it would be great if so-called libertarians would stop trying to force very conservative Christian ideology on the rest of us.
The only reason Trump/GOP don't like ACA is because a black man is responsible for it. He can't be smarter than them! They are RACIST
Let's Play Your Lowdown Game Let['s Heard Your King's Author Of #PonziScheme Tell It To #holdthefloor #ShowUsTheBill
Senator Warren: How come Dems didn't run any national TV ads blasting the ACHA?
fight fight fight!!! #ShowUsTheBill #holdthefloor #ACHA #ACA
Solid meme!!
You will have to wait till it passes to see what s in the bill lol
The Republican Party are for saving the Health Insurance Market, not saving Lives. Money Trumps Life in the Republican Party all the time.
Also my friend has cancer and can't work. Obamacare is not answer Sad all Dems want to do is resist and shoot

'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
@ItIzBiz They need to call it "Trumpdoesn'tcare".
@realDonaldTrump should just let you all keep your Obamacare. You had to read 1300 pages to know what was in it! Remember @NancyPelosi ?
Why is encouraging our citizens to fight each other, preferable to intellectual debate as our Constitution provides to guide our Republic.?
Oh you must be so proud!
Elizabeth Warren is inspiring.  She has done more to better the average Trump supporters lives that Trump would do in 10,000 life times.
Don't give up! Give it all you've got!
Thank you, Senators for your fight for ethics.
Please have thousands of Amendments ready for VoterRama #indivisibleguide
Keep fighting thank you
#holdthefloor
Thank you for fighting for us!
Why don't you do something useful and resign
Thank you! Giv'em Hell for us!
Go Liz! We are cheering for you!
I pay 2 housepayments: my actual house payment & the bullshit healthcare Obama forced on me. Who can afford this? Asshats.
You all know this is just theatre. You can talk all night -no one listening. Please do something MEANINGFUL! Life depends on it.
You Go Girl!!!  Watching on C-Span!!!
Thank all of you.
If Obamacare is so great..I assume you Senator Warren and @EllenPompeo have it?? You are so out of touch it isn't even funny
Hang in there Dems!  We are watching!
Please keep up your good, strong work on behalf of all Americans! And thank you!
Let the health care bill pass. It is the Dems ticket to winning back The Congress in 2018.
Thank you Senator Warren.  #ilovemysenator
Mrs Warren. News Flash. Obamacare is failing everywhere. I believe you are completely ignorant to that fact. Support Americans instead. Yes
Thank you for fighting for us! I pray that you can stop this UNFAIR BILL!
At age 67 my medical coverage should not go backwards. #Frightened
Hears thought try and be reasonable ,I mean I know its a stretch??
I believe in you all @SenateDems!!!  Thank you so much for fighting for us!!!!
We are with you!
Remember Senator Pelosi, "We have to pass it before we know what's in it!" It was OK then but not now? Payback is a _ itch!
Thank God for President Trump and the Republicans!! Finally we will get good healthcare again. Obamacare has FAILED!! #Trump2020 #Deplorable
Obamacare cost my wife and I and all Avaya retirees our good healthcare! There are NO insurance companies accepting Obamacare in many places
Showing the bill would lead to questions and criticism...must avoid having to have more town meetings with angry people.
You got this senator Warren. The American people are behind you.
I'm sure you'll be tweeting later finding faults twisting words and your usual lies!  RESIGN WARREN
Healthcare like Education should be a right.
U go girlllllll
Where's the honesty about Obamacare and what a disaster it is becoming. Check out how Germany does it at 1/2 our cost.
Trump Care is an all out attack on our freedom & democracy. It's easy tell the GOP to give us the same coverage as there's #ShowUsTheBill
trumpLERcare no different than hitler-s showers!!
We can read it after we pass it. Familiar?
Offered her a plan she couldn't afford So u all need to do yr research
Also my friend's cancer should be ore condition Obamacare wasn't even going to give her ins but then reconsidered and gave her a plan
It's not trumpcare it's America's care U shld b on Obamacare Prices r outrageous Have friend who tried to get 1700 a month for just her
Word on the street is that you all are the political equivalent to ISIS! Politics of personal destruction is your primary strategy.
@SenateGOP #ShowUsTheBill
@SenWarren would rather see the American people suffer through loss of coverage, instead of being part of a solution. That is the problem.
How's that "identity politics" working out for you guys these days??
Regarding today's important election: I'm seeing a lot of tweets from Donald but not from dems!  Why?
Nobody wants to watch a bunch of moonbat obstructionists ruining our country for the second time.
Thank you, Elizabeth
Thanks for having our backs!! We the people!!
More like stop TrumpScare!
Hey lady, Obamacare has totally failed, why hang on to some piss poor program, just because it was passed by "your team?" #yourewhatswrong
I want the same insurance coverage at the same rate you pay!! Fight for that
Fillabusters won't change the minds of people who support America esp if Dems are behind it. You are the danger to this country.
Get Nancy Pelosi to get it for you!
Thank you for fighting for all of us. I live with lupus a preexisting condition, not covered under AHCA. No Preexisting=death  #NoAHCA
Thank you!
You've got BALLS calling for a hearing, when you railroaded #Obamacare through #Congress without even knowing what was in it. You're F.O.S.
Thank you Senator Warren for your dedication and for all the other adults in the room!
loons like you hate America so much you waste our tax dollars boycotting everything good for America.!
Because your health care alternative is better? Obamacare and the GOP plan are equally awful. Want to help? Fix the real problem!
Please keep on standing strong. There are bunches of us standing with you. This health care is a joke. It must FAIL!!
Your such a fake.
@EllenPompeo @SenateDems sadly has no real effect though
Your not doing anything stop fighting and get something done that's your job that's what you get paid for stop whining do your job
Please don't, you should repeal Obamacare
Keep fighting he good fight for us all!  Thank you all for your hard work trying to protect us from the greedy GOP!
Yesssss save us!!!!!
So, 3 hours without accomplishing a thing.

#Democrats =  #ProgressPrevention Party
Keep on fighting we appreciate you guys doing this for us.. thank you, ,, aloha
Why didn't you fight that way when Obama Care out. Nancy pelosi passed the bill with out reading it and look at it now it's not good for ame
Just like oppressive communists, their way or death
Vote Republican... Democrats are ruining our country..no more Obamacare bullshit
Thank you Elizabeth Warren!! #ShowUsTheBill
THANK YOU Senator Warren!!!!
#NeverDJTHRC Ossoff raking in cash from Dems—But he’s not very progressive http://bit.ly/2rPYBhh —Against “any move” toward #SinglePayer
Thank you for protecting us faithful Dems! We owe you! You will get paid by re-election. 
Again, thank you!
So you don't like Pelosi tactic " you have to vote for it to read it" you are such a sad bunch of clowns
Good luck
Warren, Harris, Feinstein YOU MAKE US ALL PROUD.
@ItIzBiz @SenateDems show them this!
Ober 30 million people cant afford obamacare so what is your decent based on?
Maybe if you pass it we will know whats in it....Pelosis famous statement.
Used to like you till you sold out Bernie. We might not be here if you had done the right thing. Sadly, you turned out weak as water.
Thank you for caring for the American people.  You all appreciated for it...
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting!! #HoldTheFloor 
#HoldTheFloor #ShowTheBill
Stop obstructing & just do your job, you are destroying the Democratic Party!
Do your jobs to support all Americans. We pay your salaries. You work for all the people. Americans are tired of the inexcusable nonsense!!
Go get em! Fight AHCA!
You know Obamacare is not working. Work TOGETHER with the republicans to create a health plan that WORKS for ALL Americans. Stop the hate!!!
Gee I hope you are proud
So many will die Republicans do not care, I am one who will if it's passed. Shame on Republicans and Trump that money & greed over lives!
Atta girl..get right in there and do what you do best..obstruct. Whatever you do what American voters want...do something to help.
Washington hasn't seen a Bill this weak since William Henry Harrison!
Great job keep up the good work
I am praying you fail. O care is awful.
@Lawrence @SenateDems Thank you!
You're just a bunch a socialist obstructionists who do not love America so disappointing
Thank you for saving our children and our futures!
Keep fighting! Much respect to you 
keep it up we are staying up with you get some cameras  and stream live for the rest of the night on face book and tweeter stream it to all
I wonder if one of them would be honest enough to admit what they do if the situation were turned entirely around. Probably not.
#ShePersisted #HoldTheFloor. Thank you
Thank you!
Go, Dems, go! El War 2020!
700 a month. Not complaining but if they want to run healthcare, give us what Congress gets for the same premium they pay. None!
We thank you @SenWarren 
Hang in and fight like hell!!! #HOLDTHEFLOOR
#HoldTheFloor

Thank you for continuing to #HoldTheFloor for all Americans whose lives are literally hanging in the balance. Thank you for fighting for us!
Fighting to obstruct with no solution
  Politics for your own gain.
ps, net neutrality issues might jeopardize my ability to see!
So proud of you!
You messed up healthcare now you are going to make it worse. Sounds about right. Why don't you put your plan with theirs if you have one
Glad to have you fighting for the American people...even if they don't realize how much it's needed at this time.
This is Democracy at its worse! The Demonicrats must be having flashbacks from Obamacare approval! Instead of fighting, why not fix ACA!
Resistance for life
where every American ought to be watching'  we have the opportunity! Thank you speaking Senators!
Why?  we have to pass the bill before reading it says Pelosi on Obamacare.  Liberals have selective memories.
Trade Gay Marriage for Universal Healthcare. Transgender/samesex procreation will bankrupt country, harm women, not benefit us at all.
A three hour temper tantrum? No thanks.
They don't even know what's in it do they? Obamacare is DEAD
You're wasting your time. News flash; the USA is no longer a democracy. Dems are impotent. Only alternative is anarchy.
Keep the fight going....
#HoldTheFloor
Trying to do my part  @SenatorRisch @MikeCrapo Respect democracy. Americans have the right to know what you are doing. #NoMoreClosedDoors.
Vote her out of office ! She has no ideal what the average Joe lives !
There are millions of non-Americans like me across the world rooting for #Americans and @SenateDems. #Blessings #HoldTheFloor #ShowUsTheBill
So what are you doing to make any health care bill better.  No suggestions or just stonewalling like both sides.  You'll never learn.
Transparency is a joke. America voted in a businessman instead of someone who loves & lives for politics. We messed up. God help our kids.
We're proud of you!!! Keep pushing on!!
When did decisions be left to any one party. The HealthCare Bill must include the entire country not a few. Why is this being allowed?
Keep it going it is not right for the people @SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman
Thank you, Senator. For this and for everything. #HoldTheFloor #Resist
