DACA benefits a few at the COST of BILLIONS & contributes to a legacy of DEBT for MILLIONS of USA kids. It excludes kids from ALL nations.
U R a divisive and negative Being! The sky is not falling. The half-assed job of Obama is simply being enacted into Law! None deported. STOP

Alabama's Democratic candidate for Senate could help #DefendDaca if you help us elect him 12/12. He shows up at rallies for #Dreamers.
Jones is better than Moore...
So very much better! Have you checked out his platform?
Yeah, we talked about him in one of my group meetings. My concern is that he won't stand up to the GOPs though. His career track record is ?
As a US Attorney, he prosecuted two KKK terrorists involved in the 1963 16th St. Baptist bombing.
That was an easy win. He lost the majority of his high profile cases. Is it good that his clients went to jail, or is it a sign of weakness?
#FreedomForDACA
Run for president
Planned Parenthood kills almost half the would be black babies.
The founder is loving it, all part of the plan.
Thousands of families decimated by illegals. Drugs. Gangs. Rapes. Drunk drivers. Theft. Murders. Thx to your open borders & no repercussions
You want to keep the 50% who committed fraud with their documents? Deport those who committed fraud. They should be barred from entering US!

This is on you. You have no morals.
Senator, DACA is NOT unconstitutional.
Yes it is!
Tell it to the court !DAPA was the issue


I wish the SAME Enthusiasm could be there to STOP the Terrorism of Black Foljs By Cops in USA

You go FAKE Pocahontas!!

I love Tucker Carlson.  Watch, Ms. Warren, and learn.
Tucker on #DACA decision 
Most of you could care less about these undocumented immigrants until the president did something about it, hypocritical outrage
#Dems don't care about anyone but winning/power.Now #DefendDACA,they need Illegals/Refugees votes to win against GOP
#Breaking:#Schumer/#Obama/#Hillary lies/will say anything to smear #Trump.Proof they want to #deport #Dreamers #DACA
from 300,000,000 to 300,000,001 people. Like single-payer, let's say what we really want. Citizenship for #DREAMers
I how you are on the South side of the Wall too!!
How about you put your effort into helping Americas Dreamers FIRST! You know, the children of American citizens you dems leave behind!
Illegal immigration is tearing apart black communities, especially in Mexico... oops I mean California.
Vote diehl
How about #NativeAmerican's rights by imposters stealing jobs? #FakeIndian
Grow up.
Get some morals and hold this #fraud accountable for #Screwing Native American's! #Hypocrite
What difference does it make when #privileged #white's #steal jobs from #NativeAmericans #hypocrisy #Racism #Shameless
So now @SenWarren stole a job from a Native American?
She got a job by claiming she was Native American, What other Native American was in line for that HIGH PAYING job? #Fraud #Hypocrite
Let me help you out Injun Liz



Who have no homes, live in shelters, go to dilapidated schools, schools that need 2 be condemned, what about THEIR DREAMS 4 a better future
Didn't they have 5 LONG years to become legal?  All the kids of legal immigrants think you need to deal with the real problem.
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/905888270105456640 …

What Happened?! — Video Emerges of Hillary Clinton Saying DREAMers Have to Go http://bit.ly/2xQZXvN  
https://twitter.com/RodStryker/status/905663456841408513 …
NO
Hahahaaaa 
So we can't get anything done for our citizens but helping illegal immigrants has to be top priority. Awesome.
Still Soros' puppet I see.  You're just never gonna learn, are you?  Exactly.  Pathetic.
NO to DACA & if you guys try anything to burden us Americans with these illegals U will see ! You constituents need to recall you ASAP!
Where was the fight for my spouse who suffered a hate crime by an illegal , what about Jamiel Shaw and all those killed by illegals, you nut
Really healthcare is a million more times important than this crap. Get a real life or retire, you have no idea what goes on in the world
Great advice.  Please, please retire to a village in Africa 
It was unconstitutional when Obama signed it so it is illegal.   Why don't you follow our laws?  What have you done for our vets?
The Swamp Queen is out to protect illegals and give them working Americans benefits
Will you speak with forked tongue
When have you taken the floor to speak for American taxpayers?
You must protect your illegal votes.  Dead people and out of state voters aren't enough for Dems to win. We know the truth Pocahontas.
This is who this Fake Indian is defending!
While other immigrants wait in line & pay thousands of dollars? WHAT A SLAP IN THEIR FACE, THEY SHOULD BURN CH DOWN!
while millions of LEGAL tax payers pay for their FREE RIDE & also pay VERY HIGH HC INS. PREMIUMS. GFYS Warren.
This administration has trample on the rights of enough Americans we need to draw the line somewhere and then pull that line way back #itmfa
LIBERALS ARE INSANE
Republicans and uneducated and have no compassion
Based on charitable giving Republicans and so called uneducated give much more than liberal progressives
tax write off
I wonder why the focus isn't on deporting immigrants who are violent gang members instead of focusing on responsible young adults.
The 800 K already here is ENOUGH, and why don't you complain that Obama left them in limbo you hypocrite!
https://www.facebook.com/TheTrumpRepublicans/videos/517166461961682/?hc_ref=ARRnr3kvT1EP_XAenbeB9HoHmxwInExdETNoQm8p5ONSgAprU5NkIehUZm7DsTsVxhs …
What about American citizens??  Fight for us too?
we can always rely on your to pander to illegals first
Hey Pocahontas: deport every single one of them. And take your Limousine liberal self with them. 
Go be a harpy in Mexico.
Why don't we ask Hillary her thought about #DACA (years back)
Or Chuck Schumer? #DreamAct

I'd like to see you go to Mexico and stay
Go get em!
save the DACA dreamers
Stay inside the Constitution this time, not like OBAMA.
GIVE THEM HELL, LIZ!!
#commandpoltics
Dont package any sneaky bigly walls and tax reductions in!
Maybe, as the money watch dog you like to say you are, you should look into this.
No free pass for illegal aliens and criminals! No more free shit !
Deport them all!
Thank you Elizabeth!

Go ahead, please include no social benefits or handouts in the bill also. Will you do that?
How about you talk about your resignation from Congress. You r a joke
Why is she talking, do something?
With this statement you are violating our Constitution and Laws, which you swore you would uphold. You should be removed from office.
Be strong and fight for America's values. Show America why you should be president in 2020. Fight the right fight.
Lol
Do your job and pass legislation that helps the dreamers the lawful way! Obama was wrong and now is time to fix it! Do your job!
Defending a questionable EO? Enforce immigration laws and you won't have these problems. Uphold our laws and support your constituents.
You could and should have done something 8 years ago but you we're too busy destroying middle class health insurance coverage.
What about legal Americans have you forgotten who you work for
Thank you, Senator Warren.
So you can get this passed but not a healthcare reform. Good to know.
What about defending the rights of American children to an education first, unlike in #RochesterNY &#RCSDNYS where they deny a little girl
Thank you!!
what did everyone come up with to vote on? Hopefully, no more of the same.

DACA is dead will not be revived it is gone forever start over

"Virtue-signaling appeals only to the heart, while ethics enrich the mind and soul." –Trevor Cieran Thomas Paine, @painefultruths
Go get them
Senator. How 'bout a tweet to your followers that would send a clear message boycott Facebook by closing accounts.

Just can't wait to hear you speak.
it's time that people quit pussyfooting around an impeach Trump before we get in a war people don't want a war!!
hey Pocahontas, we need you to run for president!
Wow, where has she been
No vote for DECA
I thought that we drew a line with amnesty many years ago. There were to be no more. They have been here illegally for years free education
Treasonous action.
No, it will never stop. There will always be illegal aliens coming here with kids or putting them on top of trains to get here. No
As a legal resident, between the 1st travel ban (green card too) and revoking daca it says America's promises are meaningless.
#resist #Trump's executive order pogrom.    #DefendaDACA   #DefendDACA
I'm with you Senator Warren. Tell it like it is!
Big mistake. Follow the laws of our land.!!
What next? Open the borders and jails? Why reward criminals?
You just don't get it Sis 
Florida is about to get hit with the most powerful hurricane in recorded history and this piece of crap is worried about illegal aliens.
Can there be a vote on the Dream Act? Just stand alone vote-- get it done so these people can get back to their life's without fear.
Congress need to do their jobs instead of taking all their vacations
Actually you sound like a crybaby with this tweet.
She's busy displaying stupid, This is what's wrong
@SenateDems Why didn't Dems do that when that had a super majority? It was Congresses job to write immigration laws not Obama's.
Had the chance n blew it. Trump gathers Pelosi n Chuck agree on DACA Now the wall begins. All I hear is crickets.
Look. Why didn't you pass it w/Obama n majority cause no one listens to you. Blah blah
Menendez won' t take the fall alone. He likes to talk.
Elizabeth, get ready to testify.
Congress will take on the anger of the people! Those that stay in line waiting to be a citizen & we the citizens that wants illegals gone
Thank you for supporting the majority of us who care.
Why didn't Obama  fix  all these problems  when he was President?
Pass the Dream Act
Get to work big mouth. Stop talking and start writing laws that make the USA a better place or get out
Watch this Elizabeth, it's for you.
Why didn't Dems do it when they had House, Senate, and BHO? Simple answer it wasn't important. She is part of the swamp. #DrainTheSwamp
Sen. Sessions blocked the vote in the Senate. It passed the House & Obama would have signed. Anti immigrant/racist/eugenics guy stopped it.
Why has America become so full of pride to not realize that America was built on the backs of hard working Black Americans and foreigners!
Twitter is full of loser trolls who preach responsibility while blaming everyone else for their failures except themselves. Mob mentality
Do a RAIN DANCE!!!
Just imagine if congress was as  committed to the AMERICAN citizen,as they are Iranians,Mexicans,anything but Americans.Can you even imagine
Yes. Pass a dreamer law through congress at it should have. But you all supported a short measure by your President Obama.
I usually watch cspan or listen during the day,GLAD I MISSED IT!!
Listen in it will be drama and emotion. Not rule of law, not unemployment, and not about us citizens. Drama drama touching
Congress is where this decision should have been!  It was obama and you damn democrats that violated the constitution.
Why don't you pass real immigration reform????  Dems have had opportunity but won't do it because you like havin the issue.  All pols suck
Persist
Thank you, Senator!
I'm impressed - on the edge of my chair waiting  to hear your words of wisdom!
Please speak about something you want to do for middle American s.
Do your job. Quit grandstanding. POTUS gave y'all 6 months to pass legislation. Bipartisan issue

Choose your words carefully "poke a con us"  you are not going to be speaking there much longer.
Give them Hell and Shame these inhumane Republicans. #Resist
You need to go to Mexico then.
Liz don't speak on the senate floor! Go into the woods and be with her! Your buddy HRC! You're not right for politics!
@GDouglasJones supports #DACA - he is the US Senator that #Alabama needs #VoteDougJones #December12
That's how to sweet talk me.
Do you care about your constituents? Or only illegal aliens?

What is unconstitutionally law congress just passed to allow police to enter home with no warrant??
Sanctuary cities and daca as a whole is ALSO unconstitutional fyi
Round them up and deport them
They forget.
WATCH: Hillary Saying in '09 that DACA Children should not be allowed to stay in America. 
Go convince the Republicans
Tell us why we even have Immigration at all if you want to give screw ups a pass....
Kids brought here weren't old enough to be screw ups - they passed criteria to be in DACA 5 years ago. Afraid you don't measure up?
So you'd rather protect criminals that American citizens?
Then you support them,, and you take them in !!! We THE PEOPLE ARE FED UP !!!
Guess you're in the 15%. Only the most insecure & inferior must put down others to elevate self. 1 race=boring/backwards/dead beat!
@senwarren @atlantaevents both irrelevant and clueless
You go Senator Warren
So glad you found it important to tweet. Go do your job. You helped create this "crisis" by your inaction - why act so concerned now?
DEPORT All CRIMINAL ALIENS
Have them start the paper work now and become legal citizens..  No more problems.  Follow the law
Way to go!!! We are with you
Thankfully we have a POTUS who wants to get it done and not kick the can down the road like Nobama
You need to do more than that. Comprehensive immigration bill. Make undocumented resident aliens.
Spend your time helping people who deserve help rather than recruiting Dem voters by allowing them to break our laws.
Boo
Deport the dreamers/gang members.
We're behind you, go for it!
WE ARE JUST TRYING TO MAKE MEXICO, EL SALVADOR AND GUATEMALA GREAT AGAIN!

MAKE YOUR DREAMS A REALITY FOR YOUR ORIGINAL NATION!
800,000 illegal undocumented aliens have bleed America's legal citizens enough. They did/do this without remorse for their effect them.
An executive order can not trump a law. Write a bill and get in line with the constitution you swore to uphold. DO YOUR JOB.
Since McConnell is so pissed at the Drumpf, he might move on the bill to spite the so called president!! Across the aisle is the way forward
Why do U never defend hard working Americans!!!! We are the ones getting hammered ... we come first
Can you please explain to me what happens to the parents of the dreamers? Do they get to stay too?
U
@SymoneDSanders @VanJones68 HEY!?! A Senator, with whom I NEVER agree with, is handling the situation correctly.
