Why don't you give back that $122,558.00 that Partner Healthcare have you, after they stole money from the tax payers?
Again, why don't you clean out corruption in government and leave private industry alone. The courts are apt in dealing with law breakers.
Wow
While you rail against student loan debt, and then accept the Ivy League money behind our backs. Ridiculous.
The Rich on Wallstreet get away with Murder but the Poor are in overcrowded Prison s under Trump @DavidCornDC @HRC @tim_cook
Wells Fargo is a horrible bank. They have messed up my mortgage. Poor record keeping. Mismanagement. Horrid customer service.
What happened, Alana? Please DM more details, and I'll do my best to assist you. Do not include account numbers, please. ^CC
u keep calling my cell phone after told not to.
What was the reason for your call (no account numbers)? I want to know how I can prevent this from reoccurring. ^TL
i have already taking care of it, but when i say no calls to cell i mean no calls.
If you still need additional assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to reach out to us. Thank you. ^CS
I don't think employees are exactly innocent here, but Board and exec management also need to be asked to go as well
WF forced my family to open an acct we did not want in exchange for our refi. Kept asking "How cld this b legal?"
You're leading a witch hunt to put yourself in the spotlight. You preach about Wells, but stand back and accept donations from Ivy Leagues.
"Where" was Mr.Buffet when this was occurring? He has majority shares of 51% in co? What about recent action of co.chrg.more$4 mortgages??
Why don't you lead a witch hunt against a Partners Healthcare? Since they defrauded the taxpayers out of millions? Oh yeah they gave u money
I used to be one of your biggest supporters until I took a closer look,and realized your just as much a part of the establishment as Schumer
Everyone who banks with them should have left! Thats the only way to hurt them. Take your business away!
I want to know why I can't withdraw my after tax funds held in my 401K?
WF is forcing me to sell WF stock when  I want to withdraw funds.   I'm 68 yrs old.   What is this about?
They encouraged it by firing those who refused & by enforcing the quotas. Then threw their front-line under the bus when it became public.
Where was Mr.Buffet during this time- he has majority of interest and n co.@51%? Wells Fargo's Not a trusted,good financial institution!!
Sounds like something demon crats would do. A Pocahontas
Was it sales quotas that @WellsFargo  employees were trying to meet, or was it just reckless disregard for their customers?
The employees should have looked for another job elsewhere.
And/Or  spoken up about the Corruption.
That's what Adults do.
Citi employees have done the exact same thing without customers knowing about it.
Who provides the jobs?
Greed
I closed my account with them after 27 years, the week after that Warren Buffett dumped the stock. Let market forces work.
How Come Mr.Buffet" dumped the stock?" I did Not know he did that? Saw on news he dropped All shares in Wal- Mart,tho,but Not WF??
WE SHOULD LEARN FROM OUR PAST MISTAKES ;FOR OURSELVES AND OTHERS NOT TO MAKE THE SAME MISTAKES! ONE MAN BECAUSE OF GREED CAN EFFECT MANY!
Yes,look@ the Banana Republic family in the Oval Office! All of them corrupt as the day IS long!! Conflicts of Interest, Galore!!
Where can I read this. Want proof.
Off with there heads!
The board did something-authorized pay and bonuses for execs, took cash & expenses for their participation & went back to the country club
We know big banking is a nest of vipers that, if not highly regulated, will bankrupt America.
You're letting this get out of control so you can become a wannabe meme celebrity, instead of actually doing your job.
Shameful
Why would they when the Government bails them out
Well, this is America. This is a reason for income gaps..wealth/power increase their pie, NO CAKE for ordinary people
Are you suggesting that they should not be held accountable for their participation in bank fraud?
this happened under you, and Obamas watch. Own your failures! And get to work, losers!
@MariaBartiromo n this is who's doing???
ANYONE who participated needs to be fired/prosecuted. At all levels.
The workers opened these fake accounts under orders from their corrupt leadership!
Seriously? You're defending these people? Having a difficult job is no excuse for behaving unethically or breaking the law.
Has anyone been charged for a crime, since when are sales quotas impossible to achive."If you want something done give it to a busy man"
YOU knew what was going! You are on the US Senate Committee on Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs; jurisdiction over matters related to banks.
Did little? Wells did a lot! They fired and black listed the whistleblowers didn't they?
I closed all of my @WellsFargo accounts. They are worse than highway robbers!
Of course not-they only cared about their salaries & bonuses
We need stricter laws for the banks! If an individual did this they would be looking at serious TIME! They & bus ok. Business as usual
@whoshotjr_
Dont you own stocks in Wells Fargo
Has there been any evidence that lower level employees were instructed to open bogus accts ?
If you are sooo good at managing low level employees explain why under Obama HUD was losing millions found by @SecretaryCarson ?
Pocahantas got it right this time, wells fargo and others need to be criminaly liable for their greed.
Impossible sales quotas, but the still did it willingly.
Is this the part in the improv where I say "yes, and...."?
Just one more example of the unintended consequences of repealing Glass-Steagall.
Neither did the external / OCC auditors, Elizabeth. Anybody with basic analytical prowess should have caught this. It's not just the bank.
you mean lower level employees? I think there is NO LOW LEVEL employee!! This is the PC police you know like democrats!
Sen. Warren will not be happy until Wells Fargo stock hits rock bottom......SHE'S COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF when it come to destroying companies!
Shut it down.
Ate a donut today Lizzy and thought of you!
Why are they still in business and furthermore why the hell would any sane customer still have money there?
They didn't just do little. They turned a blind eye and encouraged it.
as low as when you lied about your Native American heritage?
Seems the PCAOB needs to be doing a job. Where's the pressure there? Role of the auditor needs to be publicly discussed in these instances.
There has to be some criminal conspiracy there.  This is not just going to fall on the necks of a few minions trying to make a bonus.
Its a stressful horrible place to work. On top of the fraud and theft I witnessed. So happy I didn't last long. Never bank with them!
YES and please remind us How many millions did the CEO get after he resigned. 134 Million after he was fined.
Really?! Now this is interesting! How about..."its incredible...."
This scandal is an outrage.  Corporate execs should be going to prison
#WellsFargoCreatedFakeAccounts and you created fake heritage
It's always the minions that pay.
$350,000 to teach one college class, I'm guess it was "INDIAN STUDIES".
Worked for WF. They push so hard for sales that they threaten your job. If you make ur sales goal they push harder. Ur job is always @ risk
The Board of Mylan @MylanNews Stole from the Tax Payers & patients
The Chairman needs to return the $100M & board needs to resign
If people stop using there bank they will go out of business but people still use them so not much you can do you little dem o rat
Harvard gig paying Pocahontas Lizzy $350,000 to teach one class #Hypocrite
Well, that is a brilliant deduction after the fact. Where were you before it all came to light? Nothing but a second guesser. #Pocahontas
We need less regulations #MAGAGA
Ur pal @HillaryClinton was involved  4 ur self -i did @SenWarren. Y'all NW stick together y do u command over 300 grand 2 TEACH 1 class 
They did give all those bonuses.
Not to mention the employees fired prior to the scandal breaking for doing things the right way but underperforming in their sales quotas.
See JPMChase bank- years 2004-2007 and probably later. Similarly impossible sales goals of 15-20% account growth quarter over quarter in NYC
The lack of regulation and oversight and slaps on the wrist allow this. The @GOP has been bubble building since Reagan.
And closed out small actual accounts and kept the money.  Stating account abandonment. We lost hundreds.
In soviet Russia you rob bank. In Capitalist America Bank rob YOU.
Senator, a young relative was a victim & still has not recovered from WF Robbery! Despicable!
This is why deregulating financial markets is so dangerous.
You don't need to imagine banks doing horrible things to the economy and no laws to hold them accountable for it exist on the books.
We went down that road in 2008. Rather than be held accountable banks got trillions of tax dollars.
They were complicit with fraud
Meanwhile they're ending agreements w/good medical MJ DRS in Florida, closing their accounts w/them. Saying they're not a "safe practice"!
Lizzy, your thee liberal ones who let this happen! It's ALL your fault this happened! You are a failure! Resign!
You know what would solve the problem, deregulations! 
Except, possibly, fire those same employees while protecting the Suits.
One of many reasons why I closed all my accounts with them
And why #CreditUnions are better
I moved my banking from a bank involved in originating the 2008 collapse to a credit union for this very reason!
A lay person would have been jailed for less.
If you walked up to a teller & demanded cash, you would be arrested.
The Board Needs To GO
Thank you for your service, Ms Warren. We love you!
They counted their cash, didn't they? That's something.
Pretty sure bonuses were issued in the meantime...
It's called stealing
Shareholders need to clean house.
You and a handful of other trolls are the only people still talking about that.

Let it go, Elsa.
Say more about that. What has gone wrong with this country that you feel is epitomized by Sen. Warren's college application history?
I'm aware of why you made your original comment. My question is about how that "epitomizes everything ... wrong with this country."
I definitely don't understand that. I'd be surprised if anyone besides you understands what you mean. How is society "ruined"?
Drag them
