Liz, all of you in Senate & Congress should be replaced! Forefathers had term limits in place, why don’t you all participate in social
This is PUERTO Rico
Please GOD, let Pocahontas run in 2020! It will be just as glorious watching Trump take you down as he did Crooked!! 
going really well..I was just there.....CBs are now building
POTUS, shame on you..they are Americans and human beings!!!
She is crazy. Time to clean her swamp arse
Guess what? It is not taxpayer's responsibility to fix the mess Puerto Rico was in before the hurricane.
Did you forget about Texas and Florida.
He is doing his job. Why don't you do your job and work for the American people. And stop all this crap
Do you job Liz   Work for the pay we give you, don't Monday morning our commander in chief, #showRedpectLearnFromChina
Security, Obama’s care, have your own retirement like the rest of Americans. You become elected and it’s like hitting the lottery! Not right
Why don't you start respecting our president more instead of trying to make a name for your self and you could get farther for a cause you are passionate about instead of always attacking the president  .I was raised to respect authority.
Silence please!!!!
As we all know,POTUS did not know Puerto Rico was part of U.S It's Our responsibility 2 help rebuild the Infrastructure Properly in PR
Good ? HELP PUERTO RICO COMBAT THE DISEASE 400 PLUS DEAD UNEXCEPTABLE FOR THE U.S
Youtube, Michael Pritchard water filtration bottle. Sending filtration bottles to Puerto Rico is crucial.
Some people are saying the only reason why he’s not giving the people Puerto Rico with the really deserve it because they can’t vote
President said the other day he’s not really concerned people who have spinal cord injuries I don’t have the use of her legs or cancer
WHY AREN'T RUSSIAN SANCTIONS BEING IMPOSED?
.
He us so busy, Help the real genius with his new project and possibly the family getaway resort so all can fit in !!!
Help the real genius with new project and possibly the family getaway resort
hey Pocahontas, how on earth is he responsible for other countries, he cares about his own as he should. What did you ever do for your country besides forcing leftwing BS onto people? You been in that job for decades doing what exactly? Eesh.
Why then is the FBI getting reports of corruption Ms. Senator? 
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/10/12/fbi-reviews-allegations-of-puerto-rican-officials-withholding-hurricane-relief/ …
Hey Pocahontas  we all know your the EXPERT LIAR HERE I love your latest one about being chased around an office by a man in a wheelchair
Donald Trump should care about ALL the citizens of the USA!
Ah, the paleface speaks again......more lies.  Learn to hear the truth for once.  Talk with the governor in Puerto Rico if you have the guts
He is doing a good job.
Hey fauxohontis,....shuddup!  
Thank you for this one.
Funny the Marine MEU's helping in PR are saying your a liar. Getting help where needed even with certain local politicians stonewalling.
I wonder what the difference is. 
Color of skin.
Fun fact- Warren voted may on the Puerto Rican Economic Stability Act. Would have helped immensely. Was that bc of color as well?
You claimed Trump doesn't help bc color of skin. Do you call Senator Warren a racist when she didn't help? See? Hypocrisy
Yeah, looks like I said EXACTLY that.  

Illiteracy can now be added as a stand-alone to your personality attributes.
you said Warren was a racist? You're truly trying to back pedal on this. shoeing lack of intellect by using insults bc you have nothing
  Where did I ever say that?  Pics please.  

I think YOU, all trump supporters and trump are moronic racists.  Is that clear enough?
45 does not care about people of color
Senator Warren voted NAY on the PR Economic Stability Act. Would have helped immensely. Maybe she doesn't care about POC. She's a hypocrite
The hatred and bitterness coming from the liberal left does not even surprise me!! Showing your ignorance!!
He won’t senator.
Glad to hear all is back to normal in texas n louisiana. All have their housing food clothing taken care of Dont forget to pay your taxes
It’s high time Puerto Rico had some respect. As hard working citizens, we have been contributing to America for the last century.
Senator Warren, you are the liar and most folks who know your history and background know it.
Also, who is this dumbass mayor. We have Texas and Florida in floods too
Puerto Rico has to get off THEIR ASS AND HELP CLEAN UP.
Elizabeth Warren telling it like it is 45 is a liar
Showing empathy for the citizens of Puerto Rico would be a good start and quit lying would help, too!
You do realize Pocahontas speaks with forked tongue!!
Idiot doesn’t know what his job is #UNFIT #ImpeachDonaldTrump
I want start by saying I respected you, why did you take the  DEAs power against the pharmaceutical complaines away? I don't get it? Not one NO vote against the BIGGEST DRUG DEALERS IN THE United States? I am truely am at a lose please can you help me understad? Our  are 
companies *
Step down Trump.
Everyone needs to read A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. It’s about poor immigrants and the history of America. Poor but honest people
trump is a #HarveyWeinstein
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @femaregion2 @PressSec @cnnbrk 
As the Senator said, “(Don) Stop lying...”
@Impeach_D_Trump 
MD
Hey ms.warren, do your job.what have you done to help Puerto Rico?
And how about “STOP GOLFING” and wasting our tax dollars. Funds that can go to the States who have experienced fire or floods.
I'm still waiting for him to acknowledge the four dead in Niger and the more than 200 missing in California!
Responsibility is not his strong suit. Just look at his track record.
you are so very ineffective and out of touch with how to lead warren. democrats only offer complaints, no solutions. out of office soon!
avoiding responsibility is a clear reason for impeachment
He’s not listening to you, he’s listening to Putin and Bannon
Source?
Amen Amen Amen
That’s all he ever does
corrupt Dems have destroyed PR over the years bit by bit.
he takes responsibility for nothing which is what he has accomplished so far
And how would you do it different! Do you understand the magnitude of the devastation that makes mobility and getting to everyone difficult

#JustSaying
Go help the PRs - you're not doing anything else!!
Elizabeth, how about you stop lying and report the truth about how well the relief efforts are going.
Yes, #LieWatha, tell us how he could do more to help PR... You are morally bankrupt. Please sit down and be quiet.
elizabeth, retreat to your wigwam, and leave important things for the man in charge
You have no standing calling people liars after your OKLAHOMA Indian farce.  Go back to your Harvard classroom to spill your lies on teens.
But senator, IRRESPONSIBILITY is @realDonaldTrump 's job & the 60+ % who did not vote for him know it & will remember it in 2020. #pinkslip
Senator, I must've missed the time that you visited Puerto Rico to help those in need after the Hurricane. Don't talk about it, be about it!
What is it going to take to get this monster out of the White House?  When will someone wake up and do something before he destroys us more?
Keep up the good fight! Thank you!
What are you doing, and have you even been there.
He did a lot more to help Puerto Rico than you did. All you do is bitch about Trump, at least he's working on saving the American dream.
This is humanitarian crisis where people are dying,  stop politicking and talking about money.  They are our brothers and sisters
Trump is arrogant egomaniac who cannot get job done and blames others for his own failures. Puerto Rico needs help now
Hospitals run on generators and Mercy ship is empty.  Move patients on ventilators to Mercy.
https://t.co/3kGPEqTGSH?amp=1
https://mobile.twitter.com/MamaReg2/status/916737603872882689/video/1 …
u just retweeted Lizzy Warren!!
Regardless of what @SenWarren would or would not do, unfortunately @realDonaldTrump is the president 
and it's what he does that matters.
And while you're at it @realDonaldTrump , acknowledge the service and sacrifice of these men.
how is he not convicted yet????
How about just stop lying.
... Cellular communications and it’s not FEMA’s fault. You just can’t go http://anywhere.You  have no idea what you are talking about..
Well why don’t you go down to Puerto Rico and take charge if you are so unhappy about the situation. I spent 3 weeks there working on...
He's not avoiding responsibility!! He's avoiding reality. His reality. Maybe he'd like to swoop into PR and buy it up real cheap. Let's wait
like you are so damn honest........warmonger!

Moby Trump 
senwarren you step up and quit your job!
Stop avoiding reality, grandma!
@Maddie34114379 @realDonaldTrump OK give us the metrics.
Liz I dont see you heading to the island. PR was in failing decline b/f storms, piss poor management by corrupt politicians not @POTUS
People are happy it’s the left-wing officials stealing the goods
Trump's con the feebleminded & gullible but America knows #DeplorableDonald is Fake News. Make America Great Again Impeach Trump #MAGAIT
POCO YOU ARE FUNNY!
Unfit for the office.
And get him to stop doing this!
Ms Warren, it would need a miracle to have him take "responsibility"!
Warren.... step OUT - you are NOT doing your job- you lied to voters
Hell...let P.R...stop their corruption , take care of your own...Hell...no one bailed us out when we were young, had problems...
All he does is lie about EVERYTHING
When will @POTUS grasp that he is a civil servant. He works for us. His failure to serve has become absurd. It is time we do something.
Haven't you noticed?  Trump is grooming the.masses to be HIS "civil servant".  Get ready for an Oligarcy.
Still waiting for all that "get tough on Wall Street" stuff you promised, Ms. Warren. Waiting for Godot...
It isn't wise to say/post everything you think.  There's a better way to use your strong opinion to make things better.
Congress needs to do something about trump! NOW!!!! DO YOUR JOB!
When oath of office is in violation isn't that treason? Where are those in office ready to take action?
Trump is a failure in office.
You offer no solution Liz! What is your plan? PR 72 billion in debt due to Social Welfare & waste, a bad infrastructure & no preperation.
It sure is funny reading all of you loony libs. Elizabeth take a junket to PR & learn of the scope. You are all mouth, no substance. Phony!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
The buried lede here, he's actually incapable of the up-step. He is not near qualified to do the job. So, he Tweets lies, and golfs! #FAIL
Since you  will never be president you will never know. You will write what happened books. Ok Hilary
@SenWarren  when are you going to PR to help hand out water and meals? Stop adding to the problem HELP FIX IT!!!!!!!
Stop lying about being an Indian and making millions from it.
It’s going as well there as could be expected for any place ran into the ground by democrats. Flint Mi and Detroit ring a bell?
And what would you do differently, I wonder if you are a socialist or a communist?
What have you done Lizzy?
And focusing on forcing people to say Merry Christmas.
Yes please. Shut up DonJohn.
Wonder why last administration got away with letting murder rates and opiod addictions skyrocket they are responsible what has blu done four
People don't believe in your lies way too many open proving scandals shut out the ignorance and learn how to follow
He should stop trying to turn us into Trussia!
Elizabeth Warren, I see you haven' t been put back in the nut ward.

Hear! hear!
Senator you talk like trump is on the ground himself. FEMA/DOD are there and making progress albeit not as fast as most would like.
Fake Pocahontas Teling people to stop lying 
Money and Power is the only thing she has saddled.
Scalp away . . . . Use a Spork.
It is a vain hope that he can ever be reasonable.
He doesn’t serve his country, only his own interests.
He terrifies me......
I have concluded that DT is a congenital liar.
Lies to himself & everyone around him.
Like a toddler, believes if he says it, it is true.
Puerto Rico can’t vote in Presidential elections, so to him that means they don’t exist.
He doesn’t even know where PR is.
Ur a sellout but this is true 
@SenWarren  What have you done for them Sen Warren?  Congress controls the money...Stop bitching about 45 and do your job. Visit PR yourself
They cannot vote in federal elections, he doesn’t give a fig
Puerto Rico must be doing well by now- Trump dedicated that golf trophy to them like two weeks ago.
you should have said that weeks ago
This island of traveling gypsies owes the Amer people millions! Why r we supporting a island that serves no purpose to the American people.
Who is this for?? He ain't gonna listen. Start calling him Captain Bankruptcy, get under his thin skin.
The liberal mayor is helping to ho!d up supplies for financial gain. Fix that ljz
Fix that liz. PR is nothing but a money pit.
And 66 200 protected accounts which liked this.
There are 19 700 protected accounts who retweeted this?
We'll said Elizabeth.
You can't "snap" your fingers and think PR will be as good as it was before Maria. It was already broken!!  Think: how long would it take to re-build  a large mainland US city if it was leveled? You'd have to rebuild water treatment plants, grids and bridges.  Omg..years!! 
Get with a local PR  family.  Help them donate.  See what locals need.  Government can only do so much. Be involved!
Is this the same Sen Warren that visited PR in ‘15? You recognized the poor infrastructure and debt then, but nothing done!
YES GET HIM!
Agree. No nd for profanity but DT inspires it even from the most educated & refine. DT is just beyond words. Incompetent
Maybe YOU should stop playing politics with TWO deadly hurricanes that ravaged PR & do something to help! Pocahontas -> part of the problem!
That's kind of his thing.
@SenWarren senwais there nothing Congress can do to circumvent #jackassinchief and help p.r. directly?  This neglect is unconscionable!
HE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND HE IS IN CHARGE OF PUERTO RICO OR THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS... THAT'S THE PROBLEM!
Well if the President of Puerto Rico would do his job....
Ok. Things are terrible.
WHAT are you doing to help? Bitching does not. It’s easy to criticize but not get involved.
Thank God for the help and perseverance of @Bethenny and Team!! #BStrong
I’m sick to death of seeing these kinds of entreaties. Stop requesting what you know won’t happen and find another solution.
FAKE PRESIDENT.....
It's amazing how so many nice people buy into the lies from the left that far left. Left wing ideas will kill us all. #AmericaFirst
The President of Puerto Rico has done a terrible job and needs to resign
Pocohantas? Just got one thing to say to you....
I really think you're finally starting to warm up to @realDonaldTrump.
The PR also needs to stop lying. That death toll of 45 is far from the truth.
Repeal the Jones Act. The Senate can show him what needs to be done.
Senator warren we need a march on WH, congress, set it up u can do it.  The people have to take our country back. Before trump kills  us
Tiny hands, Orange Munster cheese looking sack of human waste. Resign already.
Remove the restraint of the Jones Act Senator, w this you can help. I agree with you on Trump, if we all do our part the load will be eased.
Trump simply doesn't care.
He didn't even raise his own kids. He's incapable of better and you will never make him competent.
I love how they say something but when asked a question they Never answer.  @senwarren how about you do your job.
#25thAmendment
You actually have the nerve to call someone else a liar? Huh, Pocahontas?
Puerto Rico had serious problems before the hurricanes and before @realDonaldTrump became POTUS. Why have U done in CONGRESS? #useless
Sen Warren, you had years with Obama to fix Puerto Rico, but failed miserably. So, no you can't pin this on Trump.
2.8 million
Do your job and legislate
SING IT WARREN
He’s doing a great job!  MAGA
Republican Leader, republican values #WorstPresidentEver
TELL HIM ELIZABETH 
It’s like he doesn’t realise everyone can see the images on that magic TV
@realDonaldTrump and stop whining about it.  Do your job and get the appropriate aid to Puerto Rico.
