#BREAKING: @POTUS's attack on #Dreamers will go down as one of the most malicious, reckless abuses of power in our history.

We are suing. 
Trump is our DICKtator, he is above the law!!!
He's enforcing the law moron.
United States immigration law currently on he books. Just because you don't like it  doesn't mean you can break it.
US Immigration law does not call for punishment of children!!!
Most of them are adults now and have done nothing to legalize themselves. If your parents rob a bank and give you the money can you keep it?
I think it's pretty simple. You're either legal or you're not. Thought libs were all about fair. Not fair to those that came here legally.
Take a civics class Warren


Oh, Chuck Schumer, how quickly we forget who we were.
#DACA
#EndDACA
#AdiosDACA 
How can anyone trust any of you clowns?! #DACADreams #DreamersDACA #Schumer #nastywoman
Homeless Americans are people too!
Proud to be from Massachusetts!
Once again liz relies on someone else to do the job she is being paid to do. Make sure you send out a campaign donation request too.
Exactly! Term limits on em all!
I wish that lady would go away
Amen!
He's nothing but a thug. It's criminal what he thinks he can get away with. He's the one who is lawless!
Wait a minute..King Obama started this mess by decree, now President Trump can do the same? This is Congresses problem...it's time they work
They are, after all, good citizens doing the right things.
Yes! But We also need to realize thatDACA was a stop gap...eligibility for the program will run out. And then what? The Dream Act is what.
Do you know American children have dreams too.
Here's lying Dems:Schumer,Hillary,Obama saying IllegalAliens,Dreamers/DACA must be http://deported.Vote  Trump2020
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
Thank you for wasting tax payer $ again. On an unconstitutional act Obama did any way.
Go for it!
Everyone who comes here's a "dreamer". Why aren't u more concerned abouthe legal ones? I don't blame them for coming here- greatest country.
#commandpoltics
It may be reckless. It may be heartless. It certainly is cruel. But it is not an abuse of power.
Lol DACA not Law
They need to b revetted no misdemeanors allowed. No one to recv any Entitlements at all no citizenship
Talk about abuse of power. Here's an AG suing our president for upholding the law?!?  This AG should be remove for dereliction of duty!
Stop being lazy and do your job. Legislate. BTW,, see US Constitution Artilce 1, Section 8, Clause 4
Hypocrite
Any one in government offices should be removed if they support DACA for they are violating our Constitution and Laws.
VOTE HER OUT!!
Waste of $$ laws are created by Congress not Presidents u want DACA pass it in Congress like Trump says it should be
Should come up with a better program but I forgot you don't do that stuff.

I say, Political stunt is suing USA over laws on the books. Ridiculous. Emotions and feelings are the laws under democrats. chaos
If you did your job and passed laws then there would not be a problem. You Elizabeth Warren just looking for votes.
Lol. Can’t sue when it’s an illegal practice.
@POTUS
Listen to his words he said that his heart was with them. He knows that congress will pass it. They are a great bargaining chip. Healthcare
Damn liz you are getting you ass handed to you on your tweet. Send out a campaign contribution memo fast
I haven't seen you attack student loan debt, concentrate on that first, I know it's election time now start doing something anything!
How about defending the rights of actual citizens? Those who can't find work or are victims of crimes by ILLEGALS? Hypocrite!
Absolutely horrendous donald trumps mind is a bad mind in a bad man. DACA IS A GOOD SOLUTION WHICH SHOULD BE A PATH TO CITIZENSHIP asADULTS
Yeah, the Dreamers... who vote!  But who fights for the unborn children you don't care about??  WHO?
These two ladies are tough to take! Both cheaters and liars-they need to start fighting for MA citizenry and stop identity politics
Of course, since it was unconstitutional in first  Warren supports it. But Dems and Republicans both refuse to solve issue.
They need to deport them all and take all you crooked ass democrats with them. America would be a much better place! MAKE AMERICA GREAT!!!!!
Don't have a legal leg to stand on! Warren, you want SC to rescind DACA permanently? Just continue with lawsuits!
Are they stupid? What Obama did was unconstitutional and it needs to be fixed by Congress. It is the job of Congress to fix the problem.
It's illegal and you know it. But you're pandering for votes. Evil!

Suing for what? For not breaking the law? R u ignorant? It's up 2 Congress..
Yes, thank you Attorney General!
Here is a noval idea! Do the job u should have done 2begin w/U know dam well DACA wAs not Law! If u care so much,he gave it to u,fix it
How fucking stupid is this. Wasting tax$ to sue over something that wasn't even legal. #AmericansFirst
Too bad you will waste taxpayer money. You know this is not executive role - Obama is the one who should have been sued. Fake lawmaker.
Obama will go down most corrupt POTUS in history. Emboldened enemies(Iran & North Korea) & tried to chg from freedom to socialism #Alinsky
The abuse of power lies with the person that allowed it to begin with
Suing the constitution?
Can't wait to see how it turns out with the Supreme Court. #rulebylawnotemotions
How do they get abuse of power?

Hey @MassAGO and @SenWarren @SenMarkey do u people understand the term unconstitutional??? Obama's fault.
Proof again the real interest and purpose of the current congress has nothing to do with the will of the People
You are a poor excuse for a representative. Can't wait to be there when it all comes back around. It will come back around you know.
The real shame here is how hard Congress will fight for Illegal Aliens as they continue to make American Citizens Suffer. Shame on You ALL
Simple posturing.
Thank you both for your continued support of Dreamers! #DefendDACA
And how long you want this to go on.Till they take every black persons job. so you want need their vote anymore
Easy for yall to just make up lies
Have at it, suing in always the answer. Feels good right? It won't work. lawyers always make out the most from this.
Wouldn't want anyone stealing your thunder from potential voters.  Ride the bandwagon when you can I guess
To protect thousands of illegal young people u mean?  Isn't illegal, criminal?
A lot of smart people playing politics in here.
That is a frighteningly ignorant statement
What do you tell the millions from other countries who have been on waiting lists for years, "GO TO MEXICO FIRST" ?

#MaraHealey ONLY care for her own POWER and to perpetrate JIM CROW POLICE STATE LAWS on the LAWFUL
Actually, Obama illegally creating this problem to begin with was the abuse of power.
Sue for what? What a waste of taxpayer money. The EO was illegal and congress never acted on it. Your party failed the dreamers not POTUS!
Have you ever given dna proof you are a real indian?
Not the illegal executive action by Obama that gave them false hope. How bout doing ur job Pocahontas
The Indians didn't let illegal people in without a fight. They're tribes had boarders. You should know your an Indian right? Oh your also 
That is the only alternative. GOP will do nothing in the house, and we know Where POTUS stand. Hold them stuck in the court system.
I do believe your full *^%# from Christmas turkey  You full well that what Trump is doing is the right thing to do.
Pochantos why don't you worry about America citizens first not illegals
#TakeAwayHisPower
Dreamers do not belong in the USA. Out troops are abused, and extremely treated in an abusive environment.
@POTUS did not cause this OBAMA did by unlawfully putting it into law to begin with. Now congress needs to get their job done period.
Fighting for the Dreamers?What about the American Legal Majority, do we count?DACA was passed in violation of the Constitution,FAKE INDIAN
It was reckless for Obama to approve it. We need to send you away.
This should never have happened. This is what happens when you don't have border security and enforce immigration laws.

Sue for what. Taking away illegal voters
Hardly; this will go down as yet another step by some towards their "dream" of open borders.
Pocahantas does not understand difference between congressional law and obamas executive memo, she
relies on low information voters.
So essentially, @MassAGO is suing the Constitution...@MassAGO is quite the anti-American.
Why do @MassAGO & @SenWarren hate America so much?
Why can't you libs just follow the law? Elizabeth aren't you running again?  Are you going to campaign advocating breaking the law?
Pocahontas, up you bucket...
Wasn't Illegal in the first place
Why don't you fight for the constitution and separation of powers?
There is no #DACA to defend!  @realDonaldTrump rescinded this illegal #EO. It would be great if you cared about legal #American citizens.
Never understood why libturds want to defend illegals before citizens,oh voter base lol

Yeah lets take it to the supreme court  so you guys can lose!
Blah, blah, blah Pocahontas.
You do realize that what Obama did was unconstitutional while Congress had no back bone to speak up or pass legislation themselves?
Yeah.  Malicious.  Telling congress they have 6 months to make it legal.  Unlike the Marxist Muslim, who did as he pleased.
Nothing illegal about DACA going away as Obama did it illegally as Congress has this responsibility not the POTUS... he did whatever ...
Yes, thank you. But it's time for Congress to act and to get immigration done.  Don't wait for a presidential executive order.
Dems want steady increase in Dem voters.  Dreamers can get in line with all those who truly want to be Americans not just Dem voters!!
So she sues the Government for upholding constitutional immigration laws. She will be a laughing stock Pocahantas.
Let's fight for the dreamers
Y not fight for Americans?
@POTUS If Congress had done their job their wouldn't be Dreamers!
#DELUSIONAL #DEMS !

#ABUSE OF #POWER~
#OBAMA!
#BYPASSED #CONGRESS
#DACA #MEMO

@POTUS~
#ASKED #CONGRESS
#DEVELOP#LAW TO
#SETTLE#DACA !
When will you stand up and fight for real Americans?
King Barack trying to legislate by royal decree is reckless and illegal. Pen and a phone my ass. Let Congress handle this.
Liz now it's up to you to take up the fight.With all the feelings for Daca a law for them should be a no brainer and should get done quickly
do Democrats always talk about American values since when is outright lying and deceiving an American value
This tweet will go down as one of the biggest overstatements of all time.
Why divert our attention/sympathy from our neighbors, native Americans, urban & rural poor but reach to foreigners?
you dont make dacas more scared, more anxious, more singled out,
more vulnerable...
to force congress' hand to help them become less scared.
You libtards are so funny.  It was Obama illegal EO that was a reckless abuse of power .  No one believes your revisionist history . #MAGA
Rock on Senator!!!
She must, that's all she has between her ears.
you Democrats will never be right on this until you do it the way it's supposed to be done fess up or you're out
you never told them it was temporary you made them think it was the law you kept lying to you or no longer in power
You forgot to thank President Trump for working with your party today.
why don't you Democrats tell the dreamers the truth for once, let them realize that you democrat swindled their votes
If you actually want to defend #DACA why don't you vote it into law then? Or since @realDonaldTrump suggested it you prob cant? SAD
Can't seem to figure out why you have more concern for illegal immigrants than American citizens.  Are you reppin America or the world?
@SenWarren fighting for you! Or to keep her 1% status.
And look!  This is even from your ever loving @CNN. Debunk that!
You liberals think she's for you, middle class & poor. Think again. You don't get this rich being a Senator making $180k/yr. #WallStreet
But I'll give her that she screwed college students for $350k/class that she taught at Harvard by claiming she was American Indian 2 get job
Vote this criminal politician out #2018 Massachusetts deserves better representation. Not liberal liars.
yes and you Senator Warren had as much hand in this as anyone but now you want to complain but it was your fault
Thank you for relentlessly & tirelessly fighting for each of us, every step of every way. Can't wait to vote you as Madam President in 2020!
let's not forget all those Democrats & Obama that put us in this situation Democrats lied to the dreamers
Good luck. Not very smart being that DACA was unconstitutional. Before you try to insult me realize that's not an opinion, it's a fact.
I hope other states join in.
1/2 Actually, it was the former POTUS' reckless disregard for the law that brought us to this point.  Just because you like the result of
2/2 President Obama's executive overreach, doesn't excuse it in the first instance. Due to his hubris, we are faced with the DACA debacle.
No wonder this country is 20 trillion in debt the way you damn democrats waste tax dollars on such foolishness.  Go up the election is over
On what grounds? It's called an Presidential Executive Order that was illegal like DAPA. Educated beyond intelligence..grand standing
So will #Trump go down as same
Facts Daca was illegal to begin with
Doesn't it bother you how easy it is for illegal texts to be implemented? Makes you question the law doesn't it?
So we have a healthcare crisis, a choking tax system, anarchy in the streets, homeless veterans and your priority is supporting illegals. 
Did you return that five grand you took from Dem Senator Menendez?
If the Democrats keep fighting this they can pay all my taxes for the rest of my life game on.
Political posturing  You know very well that #DACA was illegal the day BHO signed that E.O.
Thank you @MassAGO
2 comes in play but when it comes to other then white color, they sound like that they are doing you a big favor & want you to be thankful
Why is it so hard for these illegals to simply go and apply for citizenship? I thought they were 'the best and brightest'?  I did, very easy
Nobody is falling for you fake outrage. We all know it's the Dems fault for not stopping Obama
Yeah, thanks for wasting my tax dollar. Obama himself said DACA is illegal. Lawyers Full Employment Act of 2017
Typical know nothing, grandstanding nonsense by the Dems. Obama and the Dems screw it all up and Pres Trump fixes it. Thank you Mr President
Lol
Ha, ha 'attack'.  Why are you so afraid of turning a Presidential decree (not democratic) into a law (democratic)?
Yes!!!!!!!!!'
You are a US http://senator.you  defend law breakers.
They R taking jobs at Apple,Microsoft , many other companies that Americans need.
Hope that works out for you.
What a bull, DACA this DACA that - It's congress's (law maker) game, when they want to protect someone their own, Statue of liberty 1/2
Dont use DREAMer or Dreamer to describe DACA recipients.The DREAM Act was a federal proposal similar to DACA that was never approved. #DACA
Suing over an unconstitutional program? Makes total liberal sense. You should totally sue Hurricane Harvey next!
Think :
If our existing laws were being enforced
All murders/crimes committed by illegal aliens known to be here would have been prevented.
You lost Pocahontas at the word "think"
She's a liar and a disgrace
Thank you! 
LIZ
#WhatDidYouDoToFixDACA?

#OBAMAS
#ABUSE OF #POWER
#UNCONSTITUTIONAL
#DACA #MEMO
#YOU~#DEMS
SHOULD HAVE MADE
MADE #LAW
#YEARS #AGO !
