Ok pro politician answer this please. Why do democrats decimate the middle class with expensive insurance that's worthless. Its yours to own
Thank you. :)
Yes, and by removing them from office. We will NOT pay for traitors to OUR nation repugnant reps of endless greed. Liars, always.
Where is the lesson on what you sign and find our what's in it latter
He lost the popular vote by 3 million. He only won because of the archaic electoral college. He doesn't have a mandate to destroy the ACA.
"Hillary WILL be in jail"Mexico will pay for the wall"Insurance for everybody"too busy to golf".Happy billionaire tax cuts, 1%er friend
Sen. Warren, why won't the @SenateGOP work together with the Dems to improve the ACA? Wouldn't that be the best option?
GOP changed allegiance fr #WethePeople Constitution to one w/o #BillofRights: http://bit.ly/2nnCTlQ  Please read what is behind GOP curtain
#BS. The only party that wants to rewrite the constitution is the Democrat party. C'mon

 Assemb. Min. Ldr. Peter Barca-Amer. citizens' rights could be up for grabs, unsettling times, prob not a worse time to have a Const. Conv.
agreed.
;Warren does not speak for the majority. She voted for this ACA mess and has offered nothing to fix it. She's a phony.
ACA will implode, Warren.
We look forward to you leaving office...
Thank you for representing me. You make me proud to have voted for you every single day.
Government has no business in Healthcare
The American people understand guaranteed healthcare is not a right.  #RepealObamacare
LIFE liberty and the pursuit of happiness
I'm glad you're pro life.  But there's no guarantee for free healthcare no matter how far you reach.
The richest most powerful country in the world can't afford universal healthcare but most if not all first world countries have it why
Not enough people work. 127M full time workers can't possibly cover 330M people.
HR25FAIRTAX will cover Medicaid. A nat lotto with a cap on winnings. A tax on imports. Just some of the ways to do it
Pure socialism is a bad thing. Didnt you pay attention in elementary school? Y doesnt congress have to enroll in O-care since its so great?
No we know You are the Joke. Phony pandering socialist lyers
@SenWarren Didn't you get the Memo ?

Well apparently you think it's a joke after this year I can't buy health insurance in my state anymore because of Obamacare
Where in the Constitution does it say we are guaranteed healthcare?
And you keep telling me that Obamacare provides healthcare for everyone you must think me not being part of everyone is really funny
; Guaranteed my ass. These are the jerks who can't run the VA without corruption and massive neglect.
We have forced to buy unaffordable or be penalized healthcare, not guaranteed. Congress has destroyed healthcare probably beyond repair.
I can't wait for Karma to catch up with you.  You are evil
I hope the President makes Congress take obamacare just like the rest of the us.
Wait till Obamacare implodes. Now that will be a huge joke especially for you and Pelosi.
Now what kind of mess will we get?
The architects of Medicare foresaw single payer system for all. Democrats COULD have done it yrs ago , but no!
Where were you and your fellow dems the last 7+ years when Obamacare was imploding?
You talk "guaranteed" health care, but do little to reduce the cost of coverage to ordinary Americans.  In many respects ACA is fraudulent.
I can't wait till it fails. Now that's a punchline to a Joke that is Obamacare. Good luck explaining that to your constituents Pocahontas.
Good job dems there killing them self good job Elizabeth ur a joke
Then make it good for everyone you POS!
BS
3 of them did - and I applaud them for it. “Whether or not we are of the same party, we are not his subordinates. We are his equal!"
Congratulate for your opinion my loved mum
YEAH ALL STUDENTS JUST GO HOME UNTIL 27 YRS OLD AND THEN GET OUT
That's why we need to get rid of Obama care. What's the point if "guaranteed" healthcare if no one can afford it
The fucking Democrats need to learn it just as fucking much.
I look forward to capitalism fixing your mess.
why so mean? I remember now!
I look forward to you lising your seat!
Only joke is on the payin American tax people. Pay pay so u can SPEND spend
The constitution does NOT LIST HEALTHCARE As a RIGHT!
So very true but they really do not care.
Yet the Democratic Party is all in for 14 corporate handouts and not #MedicareForAll . @TomPerez is going to be the death of us all.
Under YOUR plan,my rates went from 700.00mo to 1700.00 +HUGE deductible! So,YOU FAILED!
Wow that's all you've got? Weak - history will not be kind to weak Dems who were to scared to fight for people's lives
It's a joke I'm paying $24k per yr in premiums with high deductibles and lots of out of pockets expense for common med visits
What's your solution? I seem to recall this process you just described is literally exactly how Obamacare was passed. WHAT is your idea?
Get clinicians involved in this @SenWarren . Senators who know nothing about medicine shld NOT b making these decisions. I'll volunteer
The American people think you negotiating health care is a joke! I look forward to the @SenateDems learning that lesson.
You are a primary reason for his campaign win...do you not see that?
every congressman/woman gets free taxpayer paid benefits, yet they'll deny it to the taxpayers,

How's Obamacare working out for your family?
Get a good job, get good healthcare. Get a job that doesnt have healthcare, well, you choose to or not. Thats how it is outside Washington!
PLEASE -- tell these MORONS to STOP putting PARTY B4 COUNTRY and JUST FIX OBAMACARE!!! MY OBAMACARE WORKS!!! Premiums up only 3% in 3 years
Guaranteed health care is a JOKE. FedGovt shouldn't be in healthcare & NOTHING is guaranteed.
Need you be reminded AGAIN? YOU ARE NOT THE VOICE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
We think your version of health care is a joke.
Healthcare isn't a right, it's a service. Thought Liberals would know the difference by now. GOP don't fall for the fallacy that libs spread
They don't have a clue....
Ummmm...I think it's a huge joke 
Proud of Senator! Keep fighting for us & hold ur head up high!
Warren is a joke
I don't think they give a damn about the working class. Only there to help fat cats like themselves.
It may take an election or two before the  GOP learns that lesson.
You have no clue what the American people want
What amercian people are you talking to ? Nothing in life is guaranteed ! Quit telling these people that government owes them !!!
I look forward to the @SenateDems not being the party of Republican-lite.
I look forward to the day a real human being replaces u! Stop disrespecting women!
What will it take to pursue this question whether HC should be a right or privilege through the use of a referendum nationally?
Uh, you don't speak for me. An American. Who works for his dollar. Not sits around waiting for "muh rights" to someone else's money.
Nothing is guaranteed in this life silly!
Elizabeth, as an individual payer, what are you doing to curb my skyrocketing premiums in PA while my income is stagnant?


Give them hell @SenWarren we are counting on it.

Guaranteed health insurance IS the joke. There is nothing in life Guaranteed. You work for what you earn. You and Dems like you make me sick
Look forward to this loser president & his corrupt family are all gone.
What the hell? Who's the real joke here? The clowns in the DNC.
The only joke is the democrats still clinging to Obamacare while the premiums skyrocket.
I do.
It was against the law to be denied health care long before obamacare came along
You in Congress The Dems & the Repubs blame each other & both are right both fail Where does that leave us W/O?Impeach Congress. Term limits
SenateGOP likely blvs it's only for system "moochers," tho I've not yet heard them use that argument during debate.  Always a 1st time tho.
I think your a joke
Govt has NO BUSINESS dictating Healthcare. Repeal & allow Trump 2 encourage competition among providers 4 low rates & best care.
The American people voted against guaranteed health when they voted. @BarackObama Heath care plan fined people for not having. That's wrong
Please resign. You have zero credibility. You don't represent us in Mass.
Health care is not a joke, but it is also not a right and not guaranteed. Insurance is NOT HEALTHCARE! #RepealObamacare
And if you need proof that government should stay away from health care, read about Charlie Gard.
Who said it was a joke ? Apparently both parties don't care enough as you would rather the people have nothing rather than agree.
And while we are on that subject, why aren't congresspersons under the same system that the people are covered by ? Why is yours different ?
What lesson did the Dems learn after they pushed through Obamacare?
The American People don't think government run health care is a joke either. Do you find the VA funny?
Nothing in life is guaranteed and nothing is free. Somebody has to pay
You are self serving !!
Why don't you explain the Democratics IT guy being arrested?
Still waiting? Running Mouth
With all due respect, Senator Warren, you and your party are the joke. You are all clueless and ignorant on healthcare. Stay out of my hc!!
Why does "the American people" exclude you?
Before the ACA, people could go to the health dept., free clinic or the ER.  Everyone could. U gave us ACA now millions cant pay deductibles
You don't speak for the American people.
Nope but fake indian for profit is some what of a joke ,
Dems better propose fixes for the ACA pronto.
This is why your party is evaporating in front of our Eyes. You do not speak for Me and millions upon millions of others. We're still pissed
But we think you're a joke...
Elizabeth Warren 2020!
I think Congress need to regulate tha doctors price. 2 min for 160 dollar This jock
Oh #Pocahontas we are $20trilliom in debt.  Our population is 2-3 times more than any other country w/ this healthcare.  We can't afford it
And #PresidentBoneSpur
I'm an American. I know that guaranteed healthcare, like all positive rights, is a joke of a system.
There are no guarantees in life, Senator - health care is no exception.
GOV should not guarantee anything.  People should work for everything they.  Otherwise, they appreciate nothing.
Yes we do.
They need to stop scaring the American people about health Care
Health care is not the same as health insurance!
The American People think you Dems & Libs are a joke. You need to support us & our @POTUS  Incase you haven't noticed we are #TRUMPSTRONG
It will be rationed care. Are you and congress going to be on it too ?
They are on the floor lying to Americans right now !! @SenateDems @SenBobCasey
Hey, at least yours is guaranteed, right?   You really are a grating annoyance.
Democrats Broken Promise of ACA. Obamacare has never been Affordable and the Medicare for All is worse than Obamacare
Where in the constitution does it say health care is a right? Must be on the reservation....
Only Repeal senators healthcare. Then work on bill.
Little scared Warren trying to stir up sudden concern for anything makes millions laugh!
Having healthcare would be pretty cool.
I think it is a joke, Obamacare is a sick expensive joke.
You're right!  It's not a joke when the Gov't takes away our life, liberty, or property, which is what your guaranteed healthcare proposes!
What are you talking about? You cannot be denied at Hospitals for Healthcare. You mean Health Insurance! Americans can't afford  Obamacare!
@SenWarren what is update so far. I have been on a plane!
How is it reasonable that I pay top dollar for my health insurance, but you give it away to the lazy who wont work and illegals? Ill wait...
It's not a joke when u pay so much for ins. There's no money left for healthcare! Why don't u get this. There r more than just Medicaid peep
The only joke in all of this is you & the rest of the career politicians. TERM LIMITS!!!!
I do
Dems rally slogan should be "Healthcare A Right" or "Fighting Back" something active!!!! Better Deal is wimpy.
How do you pay for it @SenWarren ? You have government paying profit driven businesses ? Does that drive costs up knowing Uncle Sam pays ?
That's it ?  That's all you got? WTF!?!?
all I see is GoFundMe pages when someone has a problem, not the solution
How about GUARANTEED houses and new cars for everyone too????  You're a joke.
I do too!! I hope every single one of them who voted for the bill gets their seat taken.
I look forward to your funeral
Republicans want to repeal Obamacare ONLY for a marketing purpose. What works should be named after Trump (R) NOT Obama. SAD
Single payer is a joke!!..why wont you and your family be on it?
WARREN YOU are a joke!
Good luck it has nothing to do with money
Take the DNA test.
YOU DOPE WARREN NOT A RIGHT BUT SENATE AND CONGRESS SHOULD HAVE SAME AS ALL AMERICAN AND HAVE PAY FOR IT TOO
House dems voted against their own amendment, HR 676, which would guarantee single payer for all US residents. Can you explain?
you forgot we deplorables elected @realDonaldTrump winning so much
The political right  is so indoctrinated that health care insurance is a flat screen tv @ best buy that they refuse to except it is a right
From day 1 we've said we're about "Life, liberty & the pursuit of happiness." 
If we deny folks health care we have none of these
Who's gonna pay for it
No just ACA is a joke! A joke on the taxpayers and the first step to socialism!
If Cuba can have free health care why can't USA
You should do a little brushing up on our founding principles and learn what "rights" are.
The joke is how you destroyed health insurance and health care
I look forward to a good understanding in economics by the American people and for you to stop misleading them.
Nothing is guaranteed!!!
If it's such a great plan get on it and stop riding the coat tails of the American taxpayers.
Stop misleading by saying healthcare. There's nothing in the Constitution, which you swore to uphold, declaring INSURANCE is guaranteed.
She has correct. You are not taking us backward to be at mercy of http://ins.co .2/3 of voters don't want this.who do you work for?
After all it's just tripled in price and you can't get services. What's the problem with that?! Sen Warren Your not to bright...
Funny how capitalism has that effect.
Run for POTUS Liz! We You!
No what is a joke was that you and Obozo ruin the healthcare AMERICANS had and now you won't help fix your mess
Pass Single Payer! Be my heroes! I'd become a Repub. if you passed SP. Really.
What about those people whom the rates are so high as to not afford O Care. You want entitlements for votes. You don't give a dam about US.
We don't you gove the American people the same benefits you have. Or you legislate that the senate gets what we get?  I dare you
That is a joke. People are only entitled to what he or she earn. Slavery and theft, even if the government does it, is illegal in the USA.
Everyone loves something for nothing but nothing is free. Someone has to pay.
O Care is a joke. My friends premiums went so high they paid the fine instead of healthcare. Yes .. That's O care. Pathetic liberals.
Can they learn that lesson.
The ACA was a lie. The ACA was a joke. It doesn't work if you can't cover people.

Don't speak for me.
WHO is paying for the healthcare your trying to FORCE me to pay for insurance for the lazy slugs who DONT WORK!
Every one of your tweets is dumber than previous! We guaranteed health care! You need care you pay
Don't you have a feather headdress somewhere that needs preening.
They won't learn any lessons -
They already think they know it all just like that joke of a President does!!
Thank you for fighting for us @SenWarren
#obamacare is a joke.
Lizzy Lizzy, speak for your own Liberal self not the 50 plus million that disagree with your blabber!
#MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL #MEDICARE4ALL
Snowflake
