Trump has already affirmed that. You are shining up your creds for a run in 2020. You don't fool anyone
Weren't you just criticizing POTUS  for sending more troops to Poland? Hypocrite and liar.
Then make sure djt doesn't know it's important. He will sabotage the message.
Poland's newly-installed right wing government..  (happily for Putin.. previous President KILLED IN FLIGHT) Poland may well JOIN Russia.
How?
Sen. Warren, we have the biggest traitor in the WH, we don't even know if Russia is against or in favor of US.
There is no mistery. Just listen from their leader the first hand for once.
It is so nice to see a member of our government working and not on a 17 day golf jaunt. Thank you Senator Warren!
What better time 2 sweep 4 bugs! Who know's what that idiot had installed,just saying especially with the desk.
Just perused your tweets. you are a racist and a bigot. I don't converse with people incapable of rational thought. You are getting blocked.
I see hilderbeast,hornybill,barry,Michael,senile bernie,maxi pad with the bad wig,don't forget our rino songbird McCain....list goes on
Glad to know Sen Warren has more productive County-affirming activities than playing golf!!
Not done by Dim coward admins in the past Obama took defensive weapons out of Poland
That is a beautiful picture our service people that stands for God
USA has your back! We're not sure about Trump, but he really doesn't matter. The Joint Chiefs & Genl's have him studying Pershing! #DemForce
Thank you so much.
Right on! Thanks
Careful Senator, That's President Trump's view.
There you go, you are starting to sound like our President Trump.
Absolutely President Obama deployed several thousand troops Poland border & all around the baltics with our allies! Putin, no friend.
are you Polish now too?
Its about time, Russia, China and USA to stay away from other countries. Compete your power in moon. Hope these is no living beings in moon
Your a real political phoney. How do you look in the mirror each morning.
It isn't often that Elizabeth Warren makes a statement that really sounds okay most of the time she's out in left field
So you think Russia is that bad? Then why did @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama do deals with them? Your living in a pretend world I think
The problems  not all Russia's doing.  It's mostly Anti America liberals whose butts still hurt because their little girl lost the election.
Hillary is not liberal girl. She is establishment centrist.
Wait, Russia is trying to dismantle democratic principles in Poland and not the PIS? Oh the news. #fraud
Do you even know where Poland is?
National Day for Ukraine!
Bracia Polacy, pani ta jest pełna gówna.
What ? You want to this-troy America army....and you due that now l don't believe...
Warren knows nothing about foreign policy.  What a joke.  Now back to your job Senator .
It's N. Korea you/we should be worried about.  Not Russia.  SHEEESH..
The US is willing to start aggressive war
 in Europe at the first opportunity to aid our allies.
You look so out of place
sorry! The US & North Korea are going to go nuclear..summer of 2017 like the summer of 1914
Wait, you're agreeing with @potus ?!?!
Hey Liz ever notice how most of the comments to your tweets are negative? Tell u anything? Your a failed player on a failed team.Time 2 punt
Think Trump beat you over there doofus. Did u see his speech honoring our commitment to Poland and all of Europe? Napped through that?
What is russia doing in Lybia???
Find out!
Am waiting 2 hear of ur Polish heritage, Pocahontas.  Frauds like u r a HUGE part of whats wrong in DC.  Shoo.
Really? We may end up killing our allies in South Korea and Japan, not to mention hurting Guam. Is everyone enjoying their vacation?
Why! You complain about everything.
As the US engages in aggressive, destabilizing activity in the regions, it's important for allies like Syria to know Russia has their back.
Still vacationing in Poland I see. Get real and start telling the truth.
Way don't you tell this to the POTUS instead calling him names
apparently Syrian children are useless for you to consider as allies. You consign them instead to 6 year genocide.
Should we be worrying about North Korea? Trump is going to get us in a war.
How long did it take to find an Asian soldier for your politically correct picture?
Trump's message in Poland echoed the Russua's oppressive  agenda -as usual contradiction in messaging!
Thank you all for your service
No Lizzie, no no no. It was Vickie Noodleman's (Nuland) neocon cabal along with hubbie Kagan (ovich) that destabilized the Ukraine.
NO one beats our own CIA with the record amount of destabilization of foreign countries
my god I thought you were a progressive, here you are supporting a far right government and reducing the complexity of foreign policy to B&W
But Poland is pretty f'd up itself.
THANK YOU SENATOR WARREN and the rest of the DEMOCRATICS for keeping a lid ón this witch's cauldron trump is stirring. No War with anyone.
Are you not aware that the current polish government makes trump look like a moderate !??!?
Please encourage the current far right Polish administration to return to democracy, Senator Warren
Poland loves @POTUS ... too bad the commies like you Elizabeth want the destruction of America.
Guess you forgot about Pres. Obama and the missile defense shield in Poland he canceled. You were talking about wealth redistribution.
I guess it's a good thing @POTUS had a very successful and fruitful trip last month.
The true definition of irony. A democrat pretending to care about the military.
IDIOT
Beginning to think putin is a better leader than some of our fools like warren
Oh shut up about russia.  Trump just got them to agree to severe sanctions against a REAL enemy NORTH KOREA.
Liz so go stay in Poland forever. #VoteLizOut
Now if you had America's back then i would understand this tweet.butttt..you don't.
Obama let them become emboldened, and aggressive, because he was weak, and did nothing.  U let him get away with it. #Pathetic
Based on Obama's record, none believe in USA anymore. Clinton was pathetic. Congress craven, venal, self interested. Best gov. money buys.
It's a time like no other to show support for your President
You all were just criticizing the president while he was over there
Don't forget teach 'em heap big war dance, Poki!
Oh,oh,oh what about north  Korea? It's it's it's too much for the demon-crat  groupnothink! Who could have got this shit started?!
Keep patting yourself on the back because Trump did that
Amen
You know it, I  know it, they know it.  But we hve a President w/absolutely no knowledge of the history w/ Russian threat.
We love you ! Thanks for saving our country ! Sen Warren for Pres 2020 !

Really ? Poland already knows that ..TRUMP let them know. Why are you wasting tax payer money  traveling to places to state the obvious
You rock!!!!  Thank you, thank you!!!
Agreed, but with Trump no one knows where he stands or if they could trust him, he lies every time he speaks, so this weakens the US trust
How is Poland an ally given their political situation? Trump is copying their model of dictator/authoritarian
US loves Poland!
I guess you are for putting more U.S. troops in the eastern European countries. Glad to see you have changed your mind.
As long as you are blowing smoke up peoples asses, tell em about your Teepee #Chief.
It's the United States that's been antagonizing Russia. You need to stay out of the business of other countries.
Until they piss off Trump
Why do we got to have everyone's back who the hell is watching ours
Poland knows this!  Did you miss @POTUS trip there????  They love and respect him and America.  You should try to do the same
Please run for prez. You'll be easy to beat because of you tired out dated liberal beliefs
Thanks for focusing on dhit that means nothing on taxpayers dime! Mass. Certainly thanks you for doing nothing for them! Enjoy vacation
Wasn't it Obama who took away the anti missile technology from Poland?
Too bad Obama and Democrats didn't have Ukraine's back when Russia invaded and annexed the Crimean Peninsula. #hypocrisy
This is the first thing you've said that I agree with.
Gee, maybe Trump should go there and tell them?
You have no self respect claiming Association to a great Indian Nation you're going to go
like installing missile defense systems?  The one Obama scrapped to appease the ruskies? Your supporters are so uninformed. but u like that
Who's back is it exactly that you have, Liz? Surely no one in the US!
Me sitting squaw. Me hate 1/2 country. Blablabla
Your awesome Elizabeth Warren ,keep it up !
And the 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back. Because the Cold War has been over for 20 years. Barack Obama....
I'm pretty sure they know.
Like Obama did?
They know.
very dissapointed to see @SenWarren and @SenSanders joining the neocon's transparent paranoid anti #Russia #bullshit.
Dems have no one's backs.  Y'all cut and run for political reasons always!
Unfortunately Poland is just moving to dictatorship. Please don't support that but the Polish people.
@SenWarren I'm pretty concerned about how reliable #Poland is given some of their recent politics
Where were you when Trump visited Poland? Oh, yeah. You, Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi were stabbing Trump in the back.
Leave the foreign policy to the adults please. Don't you have a college class to "teach" for $300,000 & then complain about college costs?
What about trump? He's in the way!!

Ah yes, the nation whose ruling party recently attempted to dismantle the independent judiciary.
Git...not your job
But yet the Dems and the MSM doing everything they can to make our President look weak or uninformed...
This administration is just trying to clean up N Korea after this guy gave them nukes and money to make more...https://youtu.be/PERQjYwZJJ8 
What would you know about foreighn policy
What about when US engages in aggresive, destabilizing, activity near N. Korea (recently completed wargames)? Are we any better than Russia?
We sent the wrong person then.
Trump is the only one who can say that and they do not trust him.
What planet are you on?  Poland loves Trump
Ohhh they do...as soon as the US elected an actual 'ADULT' & got rid of the the 'clown Obama' they knew the US was back!
Didn't you vote for a sanctions package that our European allies regard as borderline insane? Get over Russia. It's not 1951 anymore.
I like Russia and I have Russian friends. Why are we fighting?
Unlike in the past administration, right cupcake?
Unfortunately we have a Russian puppet as Commander in Chief.....
Get a grip snowflake,we wouldn't  have this bullshit if this candy ass,treasonous,un-American did his job! Russia enough! Whatabout IRAN!POS
Tough talking liberal... priceless. And funny as fuck 
You used to love Russia, Pocahontas. What happened?
You have to go to Poland to look for trouble? #DNCFraudLawsuit #AwanBrothers Come on Liz I wasted 6 months begging you to run, glad U didn't
Oh Pokey Haunt Us, did come to realize this recently? And so many big words!
Forget it, POTUS will do nothing to help
More important for Americans to know ur for peace. Ur vote to sanction a COMPLIANT Iran, damaging key Obama diplomatic victory, didnt help
For once    I agree with you. (Heaven forbid)
Which is exactly what the president told them while on his recent visit. I doubt they get any reassurance from your photo op.
US Forces are hired Evil Mercenaries to kill innocent all around the world for Corp America & US Politicians to Loot
You r talking crap. It is USA which has armed Terrorists like OBL, ISIL. Al Nusra, Al Qaida 2 destabilise the World. Russia is fixing it up
You should have gone to Poland with Trump.
Where??????
Trump has no one's back but his own. If Putin told him he'd get a new Trump Tower out of it, he'd nuke anything Putin asked him to.
You are a fool
Why are you all of sudden pro military?
Tell Trump to tweet it out after he finishes todays rounds of golf. Oops, I mean day of "work and calls".
Poland's citizens and fighting men were HUGE allies in WWII. They're still our friends on the front line with Russia. Good work!
so were the Russians...
You and Obama certainly never had their back. Maybe now that Trump is president they can rely on America again
Congress needs to get rid of this man as soon as possible! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resist
THEY TRIED TO KILL ME DOZENS OF TIME !THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD I WILL FEAR NO EVIL! I DO NOT RUN AWAY !LET THEM KEEP TRYING! I AM THE LION!
So much hope for 2020 #warren4president2020

Yep the USA but not the EU.
Russia cold careless about Poland!
ALL NATIONS SHOULD RESPECT ALL OTHER NATIONS OUR ENEMY ARE 
 COWARDS! THEY STAY HIDDEN !I KNOW WHO THEY ARE! THEY ARE UNITED !ORGANIZE CRIME
Oh, just Russia is aggressive? Not the U.S.? Conducting war games on their borders for years. On North Korea's borders for years.
Like we did in ww2?
Not sure that is particularly reassuring since Trump is engaging in 'aggressive, destabilizing activity' in the US and around the world.
Just how do you support the US having their backs? What have you done to support any of our allies? Not in your talking points?
When will America figure out that we all need to get along, no matter who we are, where we come from and all that kind of stuff.
they look so grateful to u
Great point!! But @realDonaldTrump took care of that in early July. https://youtu.be/t3nKhhz7ZMw  #MAGA So far all we see you do is #Resist
I'd be concerned wit you behind me.
What are you talking about? Poland loves Trump, and Trump loves them back!!! #MAGA @JackPosobiec

I hope someone has ours.  Please urge the Senate to "stabilize" a VERY unstable @POTUS. It can't wait; he's tearing us apart brick by brick.
obama failed w Russia. Democrats are jokes.
It is good to see you involved on the international level.
WARREN IS A TOTAL CON PLAYING HER FOOLS !
If obama didn't admire the russians so much Poland would have had protection in 09. Obamas first act was to stop the missile defense system
Nice to see you supporting military, however this really appears to be part of a political bucket list/Pollster recommendation, not in ur 
"It's all a big nothing burger."
I enjoyed Trumps speech in Poland. The Polish people love us!
@realDonaldTrump  has already confirmed that...but way to ride his coat tails, good job Lizzy
From Rainbow to Olive Green.
Lizzy, did you miss Trump's inspirational speech in Poland?
This is laughable coming from u. This your best foreign policy attempt?Tell NK "to quit it" while you're at it after u send billions 2 Iran.
