Tomorrow is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Safely dispose of unused pills at a collection site near you: https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/drug_disposal/takeback/ …
Addiction to opioids or any drug for that matter are all signs of a unwell society, the addict is a symptom of something else.
its been shown to be an organic brain disorder, prewired, no ones fault
i do understand that fact plays a part, but it is not the only cause of the problem but it definitely does not help the situation
when talking about addictions, i feel we should include all addictions  caffeine nicotine & alcohol, not just the heavy's &  pharmaceuticals
YES all having to do brain receptors and dopamine release. Include compulsive eating, excercising too much, sexual addiction and maybe OCD
i still feel many of these have environmental triggers such as, some form of past shock & or trauma, causing the person to self medicate.
they asked Kelsy Grammer why he took drugs  he said "they feel good"
Yep!!! But are you supporting medical marijuana???
Democrats should be working with the GOP to deregulate marijuana. Would save thousands of lives. Much safer then opioids.
Don't ruin it for the ones that need it and don't abuse it
article i just wrote might be of interest
Be careful here. Blaming the pain patient is not the place to begin this fight.
@senWarren isn't blaming the pain patient.
"Almost 80% of people at high risk for prescription drug overdose are using opioids legally prescribed to themselves" No? Hafta disagree
Then you should RE-READ what she actually wrote.
I love the woman, I'm not driving a T-train. I'm saying pain patients are singled out and have been.
while you are are fighting opiods, pls remember patients with legit chronic pain. Work to find alternative pain mgmt FIRST!
So why didnt Congess see that doctors had adequate education in pain care so they knew when to prescribe opioids and other treatments.
Been a big problem for years. You're just figuring this out?
@SenWarren stop making hosp reimbursement based on how well pain is controlled.
1/200 at risk for either alcolol or opiate addiction due to  Opioid Receptor Disease,not of their doing.  Tragic error in understanding.
Where are the lawsuits and investigations of these "doctors"?
all narcotics are "prescription opioids" ex heroin.  Other data suggests 80% street opiates not directly doctor Rx
How did people control severe pain prior to the flood of opiods? If we control the source we stop the epidemic! Ban these drugs, period!
Also, 5 yrs of opioids did not turn me into an addict. Most pain patients do not become addicts.
You are very lucky.
I've been at the same dose for 12 years. They're is a psychological aspect between addiction and proper use
I agree, but opioids can be physically addicting. It's not a matter of being a strong person and avoiding addiction.
There's a difference between physical dependence and addiction. That's what is meant by the mentioned psychological aspect.
Its ok because the doctors donate to democrats
And your against medical marijuana Good one
Here's some Medical Marijuana Info That May Help http://www.dr.tl/waterintoweed 
Medical cannabis needs to be legalized
And this is another reason why collaborative mental health is necessary. Identifying substance abuse/ history is key
Another government produced problem.  Gov backed guarrente of free pills for every ache and pain.  Overuse follows
Please OUR VOICE as pain patients is not REPRESENTED or fairly heard
Please remember responsible pain patients follow the rules TALK TO US & Question ur info and the studies agenda who why valid stats?
As a starter maybe they shouldn't take drugs prescribed for other people. Can't legislate against stupidity or irresponsibility!
WHICH U DID NOTHING ABOUT
I use opioid prescribed to me without overdosing
They don't call it dope for nothing. http://wisdom-sa.blogspot.com/2013/06/they-dont-call-it-dope-for-nothing.html …
Yeah and I have cancer and keep making it so my doctors are scared to prescribe medication that I need.  I don't get high on it or abuse it
When did you wake up ?
Please don't lose compassion for people who truly need these medications to have a productive life and who use them appropriately/legally.
ACA and HHS had a hand in this epidemic. Dr were scored by HHS on pain relief.
It is amazing how bad it got over the last 8 years. Did you do nothing about it before the election?
Just remember chronic pain patients in this equation. People with Spinal cord injury and nerve pain with no cures in sight need opiads.
Oh so it's not about cash and making people as miserable as possible. Lyawatha, one day the Thunderbird will find you or Dorothy's house..
They are getting these drugs thru Obumer care Lizzy! You are the idiots that passed that law and allowed this tragedy to happen! Your fault
@ChosenLawyers People are focusing on the symptoms instead of actually trying to heal, meds don't heal in many cases!
For many with chronic pain there is no healing, but attempts of normalcy
@ChosenLawyers scary!!
The medical community needs to find alternative pain relief medication. CBD oil is one alternative that will help many patients.
He's having hateful rallies left & right instead of addressing real issues affecting us
From Ur Obama Care fraud!
Which is another reason weed must b legal. People die from opioids. People do NOT die from weed.
Remember how hard it was to get prescription opioids before the lobbyists for pharmo companies got into bed with Washington ?
Says something about the incest between the AMA and big pharma.
Mass employment drug testing for THC exploded recreational pill use resulting in millions of addicts & 1000's of OD'S
@SenWarren @MAHAMOSA
Ain't that some shit?
it's not opioids let's be correct it's heroin, not legitimate responsible patients in severe chronic pain
The US has 5% of the worlds population. We consume 80% of the drugs. Doctors have abandon natureopathic medicine & common sense.
As long as pharmaceutical companies control medical schools, doctors and state and federal governments, drug overdose cont.
When are doctors going to ease up on these addictive drugs?...  alternate meds must be tried FIRST! #opioidcrisis #AMASummit
Serious question: Should anyone be held responsible for this?  Medical boards are punishing doctors to a large degree. Unfairly IMO.
And some of us are using them responsibly for REAL pain & don't deserve punishment for others misuse!
How long have you been in the Senate?Now you make it an issue! You are all talk and no action!You have no credibility and no accomplishments
That's their problem boo hoo
The problem isn't perscription. You're not addressing American interests, only your socialist agenda 100% fail #MAGA #trump100days #TrumpWon
More BOARDER WALL MONEY 
BIG CHIEF SLIMEY LIZZY WARREN
So what u do when ur hip need replace ur disc n ur back so bad u can't stand straight & u can't get no pain med b/c of the abuse of others
I think I need some after hearing what's coming out of your mouth,some one who doesn't even know who she is, yeah you really look Indian lol
Pay attention this directly involved cannabis legalization if Dems want to win than address cannabis and you will win.
And all of them are prescribed by physician. As a physician I believe we need to clamp down on drug dealers that call themselves pain MD's.
Ms. Warren, big supporter. But as someone who has dealt with opioids addiction in they're family 3 times, I have to disagree.
That's why we need to build a 24 billion dollar wall right?
Hey Obama care gave them those pills. Another case of waste and abuse!
An agenda pushed by both parties to line their pockets w pharma donor money. Systemic change needed now or @TheDemocrats loses again.
this is a huge problem and gate way to heroin use #wake up people
So what are you doing about it?
Cannabis helps!
25% less opioid use in states w/ legal cannabis
A 'gateway' off of opioid use
Provides non-fatal chronic pain relief
#HR715
Get this,  but do not mix addiction with pain.  Just a note.  Thank you Elizabeth for your courage!
because Doctors write prescriptions without concern. Hold the Drs accountable and things will change!
People are using drugs to drown  you out feather head
Global warming and shit
Exactly, my ex-George took a cocktail of perscription drugs, not illegal drugs from Mexico. But pharmacutical Co's don't want U to know.
Just the way the GOP wants it
Many don't realize they are the legal version of a heroin addict. Sad scenario, many driven to the streets when cut off by their doctor.
1/ As a just under 19y user via an implanted infusion pump for spinal wounds, believe some MDs may b deficient in simple safe delivery alt's
Some better than other's. Experience huge in medicine.we learn daily. Well staffed facilities play a big part in saving lives.24/7.
Chronic pain patients need help but why do we start the pain relief after surgery at the top of the pain pill train ? Start w/others first
Do something smart for once. Stop wasting money on treatment and use more money for law enforcement. Stop the heroin from getting 2 streets.
I am one that actually needs them for a disease. I am now allergic to almost everything else
I have to drive 45min-1hr to pick up my prescriptions. Why? Because primary care Dr's don't want to deal w/fed regulations regarding opioids
FDA approves n e thing & pharmaceutical companies can create a customer base they'll make it. It's not about cures. DEA regs R speed bumps.
If their prescribed to a family member other family members shouldn't take them. People need to take responsibility at some point.
As a longtime sufferer of chronic pain treated w/opioids I take issue w/ppl blaming Dr's for their abuse problem. Dr's don't put em in ur
Of course. It's called "access". Where is this data from, per chance?
We finally agree on something!!!! Or rather I agree with one of your Twitter staffers. I'll take it.
need to read The Divided Mind book by Dr Sarno for cause of pain,@TheStoryOfPain stop using drugs for pain
That is correct. But,whoever receives the pills are responsible for the proper use and storage.These people need to be held accountable .
Hold Drs accountable. No need to prescribe 30 pills for minor surgery. CT considering 7 max. Get licenses revoked for pill pushers.
Well Senator do something about it. What say you?
So a wall won't fix that, will it...
What's your so called solution to this?
You need to get your priorities in order. Start a war on hamburgers and pizza. Obesity kills more folks & causes more suffering than rx`s.
Well yeah. That's a given because most drugs can kill you if you take too much of them.
Blame the doctors for over prescribing. Tell it like it is Warren
It's amazing how tone deaf some people are. She isn't saying pain pts should have meds taken away. She is saying be aware of the issue.
As a paramedic I see it everyday. Much more than any other drug abuse. Heroin on the rise after people are cut off from pills
Um, do you not know who our president is? We need more drugs!
You must be Takeuchi then. You act like it
But, we still need the wall? you know to stop all the drugs coming in
There is a lot of talk about opioid abuse. Now people in chronic pain are being scrutinized and forced to live in pain without relief.
I agree, this is a concern that needs addressing...
 But ...#Trumprussia #impeach
Big pharma isn't just killing people, it's abusing children.ADHD is a catch-all for any active child.Did it w/ Valium to housewives in 60's
focus on yourself all you like, the stats and the industry make the case for doctors abusing patients for the handouts given by pharmacorp
And, unfortunately, voting trump.
Why do pple think like this I hope none of you never yourself or someone you love is ever cursed with chronic pain. Having your Dr say no
Unfortunately getting medical MJ card in MA is onerous. This cancer patient completed 15 steps, now waiting, as others do, 6 wks
My primary care doctor is prescribing medical marijuana for chronic pain. It works!
I am retired and trying to pay for my daughter's college, but we made $500 dollars to much this year so they DOUBLED, 100% pmt.
Duh
Good one, racist.
More lies to deflect interest in building the wall. You'll stoop to any low level to keep the future democrats from coming here illegally.
Yet people like me have to fight to get enough to live with pain Too many regulations on drs with patients in real pain
2) The real prob is an 'illicit drug epidemic' NOT an opioid or Rx opioid 'epidemic.' More ppl die from ETOH than Rx pain meds.
1) Old stat. Thx to CDC, DEA, FDA new laws REAL chronic pain, acute pain, terminal pts can't even get pain tx anymore....
And, what's your solution to This? Make painkillers illegal? Also, 80%? Whose ads did you pull that statistic out of? #shutupelizabeth
And as long as the pharmaceuticals are loading our ball less politician's pockets it will never end! DO SOMETHING about it Lizzy!
Worthless
Opioids are extremely addictive and dangerous drugs
Then deal with Drs and quit blaming society. The ball is in your Court!
Thanks to the past president allowing drugs to pass through our borders allowing cheaper versions of herein to be sold on our streets
Thanks to @POTUS we will finally address this crisis for American's
And You madam????
What about people who actually need opioids but can't get them due to new rules?  Why can there never be a middle ground ever?
Yep
Liberal hypocrisy: I can probably get assisted suicide pills easier than I can get pain medication for my crippling arthritis
Hmmmmm.....  what do you think should happen to the Medicine Man....????
But there has to be a comprmse! Chronic pain diseases can't be sacrificed. W/o meds I would be unable to function
Why not track who is writing prescriptions ?
But the government always expands this pill feeding.
go trump administration
#Massachusetts You do have another choice, why put up with this rhetoric ...GO @ShivaPatriot Go @ShivaShareTeam ... A true #Patriot
I'd love to take safe and effective medicinal Cannabis instead. Can you make that happen?
If you are using drugs prescribed to family or friends then you are using illegally
Fix the health care system instead of lining their pockets like Obamacare did. Who got paid off for that monstrosity??
I worry that this war on opioids will cause people like me to suffer in the future as my neck worsens. How will you prevent this?
Please remember the people who desperately need them and use them as prescribed.
Disappointed to see this from you Senator 
But some of us need some help to live a normal life. I have fibromyalgia, and on a bad day, choose btw a pill and feeding myself.
I think those w legitimate reason and personal prescription need to still have access to opiates.
I'm right there with you!!
Not doubting the stat, but very concerned that a knee-jerk reaction will make needed drugs difficult to get for those with intractable pain.
Still v disappointed in how you went after Prez Obama. Private citizen, can do whatever he wants. Keep your eyes on Trump and Russia.
Marijuana can replace some pain killers and you can't overdose on THC. Big pharma lobbyist needs to stop blocking marijuana legalization
take them all off the market everyone should have to suffer like the rest of us
I realize this is important. But, more important than the russian traitors in our WH?
Right. They aren't coming from drug dealers.
With the outrageous cost of insurance,  Copays & Rx drugs, I cant afford to see my doctor anymore. I save every unused pill for future need!
Bring back jobs by building a separate drug- and Rx-proof wall around each American (except those building the walls).
Don't they all make good Democratic voters?
That is true especially the elderly
So maybe we should stop prescribing it to so many people?? Just an idea.
This helps only if the method of illegality is spelled out in 3-5 short unequivocal sentences. I am not joking or demeaning. It's true.
After 8 years of failed left wing DEM policies and incompetent governance they just want the pain to stop Cheekbones
then they shouldn't take them! It's called personal responsibility sweetie!
Thanks to intense marketing & lies regarding safety by Purdue Pharmaceutical.
Here's the truth
@brittzaps
I'm sorry but I find that a little high as I know so many that are not
Why are we not going after the manufactures who make money off the drugs to pay 4 rehab!
And then those of us who need them but have no access. I like you but please! We need help too!
Point?
Source?
Gee, you mean they're not being sneaked over the border by mean, dirty "foreigners?"  Poor Donnie, his pretty little wall is immaterial.
Prescription drugs are not, illegal drugs are
Our war on drugs should be on opioids.
And not on those addicted but on the pharmaceutical company "drug pushers".
The USA NEEDS TO SUE THE PRESCRIPTION DRUG COMPANIES on behalf of the American people!
Treat addiction vs availability
Liberalism is a mental disease requiring medication.
That I can agree with way to go Warren this is the second time keep it up and I might start to like you even if you are on the wrong side ha
I was appalled at my orthopedic dr when he prescribe me 50 oxycodone pills after my shoulder surgery when I was seeing him a week ltr 4 ckup
As a RN reviewing charts and physicians prescribing habits, especially opioids it is truly frightening the amount of opioids prescribed
