If only there was an easy way to remove legislators in Washington DC. Democrats are spending over $23,000,000.00 in Georgia 6. Why? Crooked.
Funny. Not true. Fake tweets. Why lie to try and support your position?
Checked nothing. Your lies are just that. You know it . I don't do research for Fake News, thank you. And today, Americans know the truth.
Buried in the truth, my friend. You're right. Well, I'm hoping you'll turn right. The Democratic Party left me years ago. I love America.
Also responsible for financially abusing my elderly mom! Plz sign our petition & share!
Jail EVERY MAJOR BANK CEO THAT TOOK BAILOUT MONEY until the personally post half billion dollar bonds THEN PUT THEM TRIAL
Hey Pocahontas. You can in one hand and wish in the other. See which one fills up first
@WellsFargo came after me 4 only 2 mos late on mortgage after 16 yrs of on time pymts during  recession & harrassed my kid playing outside.
I'm sorry to see this, and I'd like to review what happened. Pls DM your name, property address, and phone # (no acct #). ^CC
Sent DM just now.
I’ve received and responded to your DM. Thank you. ^LM
TOO LITTLE TOO LATE. Elizabeth Warren is a VERY RICH hypocrite. Ask her how she accumulated her wealth that put her in the top 1%
We don't need your help, Ms. Socialist
They'll just show up in the next democrat presidents cabinet.  Obama got some of the people most responsible for the financial collapse
And . . . my home was worth 6 times what I owed @WellsFargo but they still started foreclosure for being only 2 mos late for the 1st ever!
And @WellsFargo also destroyed my credit rating even though I paid them, IN FULL, within 6 months. I hate @WellsFargo with a passion.
Ms warren  I luv yu but to remove all 12 is.not thought out well    Maybe one or two. But all is too drastic and would throw away  talented
It's important to understand the decision rules of Boards. Generally speaking, for most decisions, accountability is shared.
That statement is absurd  if the other members were. It party to the decision  they do not share
I'm not sure what you mean.
Tweet caustic but clever  often we must knock out the Nazis.  Make it end for them and Trumpovsky
why not goldman?  you are a bully imho!
Oh wow sen. You may accomplish something after all
Today I call for you to resign. . .  I guess your request worked as good as mine.
You don't think through the precedent this would set. Not good
Would love to hear/read their response. No doubt they still get their "bonus."  Sick.
Senator Elizabeth Warren this new trump adminstration is nothing but a scandal
Keep fighting...give no quarter! (even though we're on the flip side of that saying)...
WE THE PPL CALL FOR THE RESIGNATION OF NATIVE AMERICAN, COUGH COUGH, ELIZABETH WARREN. YOU ARE OUT OF TOUCH AND UNSTABLE
Please keep fighting for us. I am so proud you are our senator . God Bless You Elizabeth Warren
WARREN FIGHTS FOR THE PERVERTED, ILLEGALS AND MUSLIMS.  WHAT ABOUT THE AMERICAN CITIZENS.  STEP DOWN NATIVE AMERICAN WARREN
Yes please hold them accountable. Don't let them off the hook like Obama did with those who caused the great recession. Thanks 
Like George W Bush, what was Obama going to do to punish him, it happened under the Republican  watch of W!
Your an idiot! Know your timelines and know the facts
All right show me the error and we will see who is the idiot?
bully warren only targets the weak ones. what a shame!   i urge her to resign!
What scandal?????
I believe when they set up fake accounts I'm not sure though!
I hope they "man up" and do it
Excellent idea!
We appreciate you
Yea
Why don't you call for the investigation of the clintons and lynch. Hypocrites
Why should the Fed have the power to remove members of the board of a another privately held company?
Great, now stop defending Joe Manchin.
Who going to listen to someone that cry's wolf all the time.
Darn right Liz!
N what happened? After ur call did u go back to bed?
Chair Yellen will see this for what it is, political theatre. Go find a different play to act in.
Disgusting bunch.... they think they never have to answer to anyone!  We keep allowing them to get away with it too!!!!
WF should be forcibly absorbed by an honest bank, if you can find one
FIRE the entire US Senate Committee on Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs; jurisdiction over matters related to banks. This would include YOU.
You go girl
You tell them Senator Warren! Always glad to see you standing up for regular people.
It would be well-deserved
You are fantastic. Keep pushing baby!!
THE LEADER OF LIARS PERVERTS ILLEGALS PAEDOPHILES AND MUSLIMS
Thank you
Wonderful! As a banker, how I wish Other banks were investigated too. Corruption starts @ top so fire them.
Did you tell them you were Native American?
Well done.  Wells is also a dangerous environment 2work in.  We charged them w/h8 crime + hostile work environment.
As a @WellsFargo customer, I plan to voice my objections to thousands of jobs lost do to the irresponsibility of the Wells Fargo Board. RT
Totally agree.   They ruined lives.   Only fitting.
I finally agree with your position
Go back to sleep Lizzy.
Finally, after all this time, you are actually attempting to do something useful..Thank You.
Why now.....9 years later
If everyone you have said you wanted fired removed IMPEACHED or to step down there wld b no one left but you  and your few cronies  OMG
Band aid on a cut. The government funded these banks with zero oversight, now that horse it out of the barn .
Thank you @SenWarren for holding them responsible. Accountability for their lack of oversight is critical.
Go gettum' Senator!
blah blah blah....
Lizzy, why did you wait until now?This event occurred two years ago and you and the Obumer administration did NOTHING! The Feds did NOTHING
Lizzy, the shareholders have the voting rite to elect and remove Directors! You re advocating an illegal constitution process!
Go for it, Senator Warren!
Call for transparence of the Federal Reserve! #FederalReserve.
Thank you!
The federal reserve has no authority to do this #hatepimper
Wells Fargo deserves a nation wide boycott. I did that long ago.  All they understand is $$ use your wallet with $$ support of others.
Why don't you resign for the horror you inflected on our country during Obama's term? You caused more harm than good. Dem party was punished
Yea, government calling the shots at banks.... what could possibly go wrong... cough cough Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae
Great job Senator Warren , we love your persistence 
Ya think? The fact that they haven't already is appalling. Shut it down. Crooks and thieves, all of them.
#WonderWoman has nothing compared to @SenWarren — Elizabeth Warren is the real heroine. 
Today I called on the @federalreserve to remove all 12 @WellsFargo Board members who served during the scandal. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/19/sen-elizabeth-warren-calls-for-removal-of-all-12-wells-fargo-board-members.html …
wells Fargo is a private company the reserve has no power over the removal of the board member.
That would violate due process. I recommend you get the SEC investigate and look to find if any of the board members knew about the bad acts
It ends up being the SEC's jurisdiction under the grounds of stock/investment fraud for the inflated stock price based on accounts
The current administration is doing everything in their power to allow another financial disaster like 2008!
Who's scandalous now?
I agree
 Leadership at the helm would have been replaced were it sexual harassment and abuse on the same scale. Thank you.
Now if you could just call for an end to fiat money altogether so we can coin and print silver backed U.S. money as the constitution allows?
They should just resign!
Good luck with that lol
Psycho
@g24rillo thought?
Nice try but it won't do any good.  Good ol boys stick together
Use hotter oil when you fry them, they won't stick together so much!
Keep fighting for transparency, fairness & accountability. Sorely lacking these days. Thank you for fighting for regular folks like us.
Can we remove you from office to
Excellent! Their behavior harmed us all & reputation of Wells Fargo which was "golden" from early western days. I'm no longer a customer.
Not your job. Want to change @wellsfargo ? go to work for them and change from the inside. Govt stay our of private sector decisions.
Good-they shouldn't be there. Wells Fargo has their own scandal-they need to serve there and fix that. Stop being crooks. Period
...Remove them to jail...? I'm hopeful.
If no one is held accountable for this, it will be repeated. If not by Wells Fargo, then by another bank.
Today, I call that the federal reserve go away. @RandPaul
Perfect
How about instead of a private corporation, we put the People's government in charge of our monetary policy? Then we wouldn't need to ask.
Bring them down! @WellsFargo R NOT good people! They don't care about sick peeps n FL who Need Med MJ! & they treat drs like criminals!
And the Democrats r
good luck on that one
How about calling for jail time & forfeiture of "golden parachutes"?
