Maybe this says more about #ACA than @AnthemInc
Same as you abandoned taxpayers in the ACA exchanges. #RemoveExemption and abide by ACA as you shoved down our throats!
I spent an afternoon at a local ER talking to doctors nurses admin people and they all agreed that the insurance companies are the problem!!
Why don't the insurance cos ever leave Medicare or Medicaid counties??? Ask yourself that question daily?
Another argument for Single Payer!
They found the hidden server Stand up for your Country @csthetruth  https://t.co/oT5aPoTdVj?ssr=true
It's about money Liz.  Quit shaming businesses for acting like businesses.  That's normal.  Work with the system and you'll get farther.
Make sure you show your support for a single pay Medicare system for all. It's what the majority wants.
I wish all medical insurers had one shared neck...
Sen. Warren, my hero!  Keep calling attention to rotten, greedy companies who put $ before decency.
You mean like the House and Senate..big business
Medicare and Medicaid work!  We need to find a way to pay for Medicare for all.
"Freedom" Republicans still trying to crash the ACA system (by stealth) hoping they can fool the American people
You like being penalized for not being able to pay for insurance?   Thank God for the V
That's on you and your cronies
You should cut off their income if they don't offer affordable Care.
 yep the greed is apparent.
Because the ACA handed it over with no requirements. This will be typical if the Feds get more control of healthcare
Like you didn't know. Trump told you this would happen as you voted against ways to fix it. Ha ha.
So let other companies pick up Anthem's slack, and their revenue! They're not the omly game in town. No blackmail allowed!
Very good
SENATOR WE ARE SUCCEEDING IN EFFORTS  THE CONSPIRATORS WILL FAIL! SATAN WILL FAIL!
THERE MUST BE A REASON ACA IS FAILING? IS IT SABOTAGE ?BY THOSE THAT WISH TO DESTROY US!
What can we do?
Anthem has chosen to leave Nevada completely before the first of the year, leaving my family high and dry. #preexistingconditions
I'm so sorry Ellen!
Good stuff! Keep calling them out! People need to know what's said behind those closed doors!
if you think they're letting Senator Warren know anything that goes on then you need a psychiatrist
Kind of obvious to see the link I don't need a psychiatrist you need to start doing some logical thinking lol
blah blah blah said the loser! Warren is an obstuctor, and hence her followers!
That was ACA plan all along...path to single payer.  Yes, I'm The Great Deceiver

If they abandon the exchanges, they should be banned from profiting from other government health programs.
SENATOR YOU SEEN THIS! THEY WANT SENATOR SANDERS TO FORM NEW PARTY !3AND A HALF YEARS BEFORE NEXT ELECTION !WHY? TO SPLIT DEMOCRATS!
Ohbastard care was designed to fail, a fraud like
Then @AnthemInc should support Medicare for all.
I was an Anthem/BCBS customer for most of my life.As kid, they repeatedly changed bday on file so they could cancel coverage often.
So do what we do to #Russia. Dump them in proportion to what they dump!
Time to make them irrelevant
Cut them out of all govt healthcare.

Isn't this more proof ACA failed
They should lose their licenses!
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
good. kill the #ACA.  #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
That's because it's a bad program. ACA is a cruel joke that you people stuffed down our throats. Why aren't YOU on it? DISGUSTING hypocrite.
Thank you Liz for your belief in Obamacare. You and other Dems got us here now get us out
Your ACA is dead...keep beating it, though
Time to get rid of Obama care and open markets across states. Free market is the way to go #worktogether
Then pull the Medicare and Medicaid benefits.
Possibly biggest mistake in ACA.  If u want public business & corporate business you MUST participate in exchanges.  It'd all balance out.
If they or others profit from Medicare and Medicaid, they should have a requirement to participate in ACA to keep profiting from gov.
Great idea!
They are abandoning paying customers. Over 16000 dollars a year and wouldn't cover ER visit for broken arm
Don't do it! Socialized medicine is a disaster in Canada and the UK.
Maybe it's because Obama Care is an albatross. #Pocahontas
No margin. No mission.
because that's you and the liberals fault why are you guys always the last to know?
What about profit? Revenue is important but profit is the key. Please look at all aspects of this not just the ones the you can rant about.
Pocahontas...  Woo woo woo woo.
Y isn't anyone askin Americans what they want by a vote and then Congress create the bill. We the ppl. Let ppl have a say n matter
They have to do this in order to let ACA crash and prove their point.
It's all about forcing the ACA to fail. If they can't replace it then force it to fail. Simple! Corporations don't care about people.
They do nothing to control costs. They just skim profit. Medicare for all is the only solution.
Will u teach at Harvard for a loss? It's business dumb ass
Repeal and replace Obumacare
Maybe because of.. I don't know... HAVING TO COVER PEOPLE WITH PREEXISTING CONDITIONS
If Anthem won't participate in state's individual market they shouldn't be allowed 2 do biz in their group market either cc: @TerryMcAuliffe
Can it be a requirement that they offer reasonable cost insurance in exchanges in all states if they accept Medicare and Medicaid patients?
Because they're losing money!  It's  called business.
What part of Obamacare is dead do you not understand.
Time for single payer enough with the health industry benign for profit
Surprise surprise!!
They are biting the hand that feed them.
It took me 65 years to get  Medicare my husband and I  pay between supplement and Medicare $11780.00 Obama really  messed up up
And now you  Democrats are  really going to kill it. It is called communism
GREED is the Engine that drives business.
ANTHEM ALSO CHARGES HUGE DEDUCTIBLES! IT'S A RIPOFF INSURANCE COMPANY!
Congress should get her insurance through the ACA and join the fun
Senator do you even know how business works
Good for Anthem!   It is high time the government repeals this woefully disastrous Obamacare!
Cause they are soulless monsters who couldn't care less about the health of Americans.
Unless we go to single payer for all we need to allow Medicare and Medicaid to negotiate directly with the insurance companies.
This is shocking or news how?  Love when a CEO who takes home 50m per yr says they can't afford 4 healthcare 2 be for all. #letthemeatcake
Then they shld not b an approved ins company by the federal govt
Those programs are both A.) broke & B.) rife with fraud & waste. So..why would we expand government's role since all those programs suck?
AND continued charging me for Jan&Feb although I switched carriers in Nov and notified them, but they REFUSE to pay me back ! #BanAnthemInc
rooting out corruption as usual :)
Anthem is running a business.
Congress just spends... and spends... and spends... and spends.
No balance sheet...
Oooh thats right you voted to op yourselves out of #ACA
Especiallyfrom Medicare Advantage policies. Anthem & their ilk talked Congress into Advantage to game Adv pmts straight thru as profit.
Why do you think that is Lizzie?  Enlighten us.
Also worth mentioning: With Single-payer, states could eliminate the requirement for business to pay for workman's comp.
Yet Medicaid and Medicare are going broke.
Also worth mentioning: Auto insurance should be cheaper because accident victims get care no matter what. @cbsnews @nbcnews @housedems
Waaaaasss
Send them a ransom note about not receiving any government money until they start acting right.
thats democracy
They should be put into public receivership for this.
I'm not sure what your point is. But it's worth mentioning: Single-Payer is great for business: No more health insurance to mess with.
We (the government) can't put pressure on them (as their biggest customer) to stay in the ACA?
Senator Warren is putting pressure on them right now.  We the people can put pressure on them by telling @AnthemInc  what we think.
Because it's a horrible law designed to fail and to screw the middle class.
The failing of these markets doesn't happen on its own! Companies decide to leave this abandoning the people!
Need single payer and soon. We tried the markets and they don't work
#fakeindian #fauxcahontas shut up liar
who is abandoning???

