Wow, there is a lot of hate here. Are they all bots?  I'm guessing not, because AI would at least spellcheck.
Really,is that all you're going to do here, correct grammar as you're not an English teacher,sugar  You lost, we win too much.
Nope, I'm a cock-grabbing billionaire.
We are shaking in our shoes! Sessions is a saint, you are nothing but evil thats what I see in ur face!
Liz you are too 2 faced for our blood sister.
In a presidential debate Trump would shred her like a head of lettuce

Hopefully she is the Dems frontrunner in 2020.  Trump would win big league!
Warren, Jeff Sessions was awarded by NACCP Civic and Human Rights Convention. This honor doesn't just happen.....
Read what @SenWarren wrote about our beloved AG Jeff Sessions! Seriously, can't believe you wrote this. You should be ashamed of yourself!
she will meet karma once day..love your neighbor.thou shalt not bear false witness.
Are you threatening the lives of those who voted for President Trump fauxcahontas? You would do well to think twice
HOW can a man that lied under oath TWICE to US & congress become "our" AG? WHY is he not disqualified from office?
just an awful tweet. Sessions is a man of honor.
When is it ok to simply say the truth: republicans are not cut out for public service. They are not up to it.
ANYONE who would vote for Sessions, DeVos, Perry, etc does not have the public good in mind. clearly.
And what credentials do you have that qualifies you to know what is good for the public.
from the souls of our ancestors in the big teepee in the sky?
u mean the tiny elite, privileged group of yours?
Like they heard dems protest 1 of their own known 2b actual KKK member who filibustered against CivilRights act in 1964? Oh wait
Elizabeth Warren were more concerned with your radical hate and for you allowing radicals into our country
"we're"
Is that all you have as we  have all misspoken. Honesty, the left are pathetic and they continue losing every day. We all love it
"to lose" not losing
actually I want a divorce I am so sick and tired of hearing senseless mean spirited red states.  It just goes on

it's time for you to sit down and shut up. Know your role, go fix a sandwich or something
the GOP Senators are afraid of Trump
We are here to fight with you every step of the way. 2018 will not be a good year for those on the wrong side of history.
I just luv America, we have Democrat Senators earning a paycheck,pd by us, busy fighting Republicans! Shame on u!
Warren you should be ashamed of yourself spreading all of your hatred.  You just lie
So much winning...
#MAGA
stop the false propaganda
Lady you have lost it!
keep spreading the hate Poconhontas.  Working wonders. Lol.   Trying uniting for the good of the USA
it's the pottery barn rule.  #youbrokeityouownit
no one cares liahontas
#FakeIndian "@SenWarren And you better believe every Senator who voted to put Jeff Sessions’s radical hatred into @TheJusticeDept will....."
So radical
omg.  Stop your tantrum.  You are embarrassing yourself
we don't care.. lol. Send them a email..lol
hey how are ya hey how are you while doing the Arrowhead chop
hey Chief
You're out of trigger words, Pocahontas.
Elizabeth Warren doesn't have anymore buzz words as  she's a fraud to the USA government.
I can't wait until you get voted out in 2018. You're so divisive. I live in MA....You've let this state down.
I'm with you  she's going buh bye 
The blood is on their hands now and voters should k ow each and everyone come reelection
NAACP seems to like Jeff
Soooo what you're saying is the NAACP didn't get the memo?
WTF IS WITH THE GUY FROM
WV??! Is he just a straight-up unapologetic racist? 

(I ask as if I expect a response )
the @NAACP gave Sessions an award in 2009 so perhaps he saw through the character assassination for what it was
the @NAACP days they did not.
@danieljevon that's not how I read the statement on their site. They're investigating
the NATIONAL association did not. It's possible the AL chapter did. No confirmation.
does it make a difference? They're just trying to figure out how to save face. Embarrassing.
no this award makes no difference. His record DOES.
And it's awful. Unless you're a racist.
along w/an NAACP award he also sponsored a bill for Selma marchers to receive a gold medal
@ResistanceState @TheJusticeDept do U ever think people can learn by their mistakes and change?
In my experience, I haven't seen that happen, have you?
. Thank you for your efforts!  We have your back, EW!
what can we do to make sure they hear from us?
Elizabeth, I believe you are on your way out! We don't need any more obstructionists!
Read your tweets and decide who exhibits hatred. It's you... every  time you open your mouth. Not @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
@MAHAMOSA @TheJusticeDept what about #BenCarson who you approved? Who r we gonna hear from for that guy?
she stated she thought someone EVEN worse would be appointed if Ben was x'd.
that's how you fight? Surrender... Why don't u vote no even to the next guy? Ben was gonna approved anyway..
It's fair to say Liz is picking which battles to fight.
i guess she's still figuring out bc she hasn't been in any of them.
not in them? Sessions?
that was a failed fight and she knew it.
technically, as we have well-seen, all of these nominations are "failed fights" since GOP has 52 seats.
Problem for u Sen Warren is that Americans r waking up. We r paying more attention now.That means your agenda WILL be tossed... Adios
yeah shittingbull us voters in MA will also speak out against u in 2018. U can count on that. U R A FRAUD, HACK
You, too, have proven that "you can't fix stupid."
mooooooooooooooron
LIZ YOU ARE A RACIST WHO CARES NOTHING ABOUT YOUNG BLACKS DYING ON AMERICA'S STREETS!
DO ANYTHING FOR YOUR MONEY!
great job
More from Chief #Spreadingbull! U r the one spreading hate!
Boo Hoo!! Cry me a river! Baby tantrums!!!
I hope the FBI sweeps his lying arse up too!
You will never ever make it as President of America because you r a extreeme radical hate filled demon

this better include @Sen_JoeManchin he just stabbed his entire party in the back!
it does it does
@TheJusticeDaily ept Same ACLU now opposing Senator Sessions.
All women unite to get these backward men OUT!  and that goes for women like Kelly Anne Conway too!
Why you hate men?  I know, too ugly to get one!
@pawpatrol2015 @TheJusticeDept  Just STHU you FRAUD!
she embarrasses me as a woman
Oh gosh me as well...it's just humiliating  Fauxcahontas needs to get the hell out of the way..
I'm so sorry, @SenatorSessions, that you have to contend with such bitterness and lies. America has your back! Btw, CONGRATS!! @SenWarren
So when did you get designated as the official speaker for America?
Oh gosh, haven't you heard? WE THE PEOPLE have that right. Better catch up!  @TheAntifa @SenWarren
So now people that don't agree with you aren't people? Aren't you a nice one.
we love you @SenWarren you are my #Rocky. 
Perhaps you should pay attention to THIS Senator Warren
Wish that sit down and shut up order in Senate had been permanent,Your voice=nails on chalkboard.

https://twitter.com/sweetatertot2/status/821821340999188481 … We have asked warren to stop shameful use of our Nations PPL she is not Native American
Native Americans speak out against FRAUD Elizabeth Warren who pretended to be N.A to score a money$$ making gig at Harvard. What a Disgrace! 
lawful system of immigration  Is not wrong, that’s not immoral, that’s not indecent meet the victims of 9/11 @SenWarren
5150
we all know this is about your book being released! Will you still be this vocal if your book fails?!!
hey nincompoop, go sell Indian jewelry at the swap meet...leave the Senate for serious people.
You are one of the most out of control, hate filled people I have ever seen. Please stop with the hate speech.
sit down and shut up
@pawpatrol2015 @TheJusticeDept Fire away GOOFBALL ! You will just be told to SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP AGAIN ! Why do hate the USA ? 
isn't she awful?I don't know how someone like this gets elected! Disgrace 2 American women..
I guess you don't want to think about the Award from NAACP. They don't give awards to racists! Grow up!
.@SenWarren @TheJusticeDept Radical hatred? I missed that. I thought the one screaming slander and getting thrown out was you. My mistake.
God will have some things to say about your behavior. Guaranteed! The racial bias and division is coming from you
it's your radical hatred of Trump we should fear... God help us if you were ever to become president!!!
I will pray for you and the dems! So sad what you all are doing to our country!
You apparently haven't figured out most of us are sick and tired of this kind of BS from you Dems. #whytrrumpwon
WHAT radical hatred? You democrats are hyped up on your own version of hate! You hate not getting your own way!
@DJTsavesAmerica @TheJusticeDept up yours fauxcahontas, you are the problem. You'll never have my respect, or my vote, go away 
how can you are for the people when allyour doing is slowing the progress of the justice system. I wld be fired
you know your dishonest when you and your fellow Dems refuse all of who was appointed by President Trump.
Talk about radical? That would be YOU, and we repudiate your leftist, Socialist ideas.
Your hyperbole and sensationalism dishonor you.
Jeff Session's radical hatred? Can we spell projection?
I know. Can I spell Sessions's?
Sessions'?
How many voices are in your head  that makes up all of you
Like we did the other night?  Swallow your hate and SIT BACK DOWN.  Hear the Majority #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Senator, you clearly need a laxative.
I wonder what dirt they could find on you if they just looked. What a fecal sample you are!
why don't you fight for legal Americans as hard as you fight for illegal immigrants.Remember your oath America #1
you say you're Indian? Prove it 23 and me generic test put your genes where your mouth is Prove it
Poke-A-Haunt-Us you will hear from US in 2018. Better start packing your bags now....
Sen. Warren you are a disturbing person. The people that voted for you are seriously crazy.
I think you're about to make history as the first fake native American to lose re-election in 2018
The only radical hatred comes from the left. I hope AG Sessions punishes the Democrats.
why do you ignore actions of people who are evil? You are missing the evil right in front of you
Good. We haven't heard enough unhinged shrieking from you yet to insure a permanent GOP majority.
The only person showing HATRED is YOU!! Someone needs to put you out of your misery. @TheJusticeDept
Coretta Scott King Thanks Jeff Sessions For Rosa Parks Library https://youtu.be/JmVAbxDgV2s  via @YouTube
lady you are unstable should probably get some help. Crawl back under your rock.
bet they are shaking in their boots hahaha. Your threats don't scare anyone

oh silly lizzy-tke a chill pill and relax
Radical hatred? You kept your big mouth shut when Holder was inciting violence and getting a border agent killed.
im curious, where were you when obama was violating the constitution?
THANK YOU for your strength and for standing up for our democracy!  #warren2020
I just feel bad for the real native american who didn't get into Harvard bc @SenWarren lied and said she was native american
They'll hear from YOU, not ALL of us. Do not include me in your insane rants. Smoke a peace pipe.
You so full dog doo your hair should be brown! At 76, never have I witnessed such disgraceful grandstanding rhetoric (lies)!
Radical hatred? Oh boy, you have gone off the deep end, haven't you? Seek help.
LOVE THE NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL...TRUMP ROCKS!!!!!!!
you're the hater!
why didn't you do more to keep him out.  Promises... we need action
That sounds really hateful, Senator.
You accuse a long standing Senator of radical hatred, but you won't call it radical Islamic terrorism?
hey fakeahontis glad you did shut up!
Trump has setup a new world order, and all you spoiled Libs cant take it!! Leave the country, go on...
I an looking forward to the midterm election to allow The people to voice their opinions
LOL...you really need to seek help lady!...your twisted mind is circling the drain....
Pocahontas, you haven't said one peep since 02/08/17. I wonder why?
get a job
super cool to see all the racists and xenophobes making their tweets public! easier to fed to employers! 
and you will hear from us. We are tired of your rhetoric. We support our new @TheJusticeDept #RecallSenWarren
Democrats are terrorists to democracy
Go!, Maxine Waters!  I second that emotion!
I prayer your eyes are opened @SenWarren. The only hate I see are on the left.
YOU DEMS ARE THE ONLY ONES SPEWING HATRED! I PRAY YOU  GET VOTED OUT! You are NOT who we are! 
Good, more nails in the coffins of the corruption party.
Whoooooo! I'll bet they're shaking in their boots! 
http://goo.gl/9pIOS7  @TheJusticeDept must arrest @SenWarren for using Coretta Scott King as a pawn when CSK praised @jeffsessions!
oh big effing deal. You're just so great aren't you, blowhard. lol
About that...
I really hope you run for president in 4 years. It would be a GURANTEED WIN for TRUMP. You teach hate and you're a racist! FACT
that's hilarious coming from a compulsive liar such as you.
eat a #snickers pocahontas
Back off!!!!!...They voted the way We the People wanted them to.....You are the Bigot...So Sad!!!!
You'd better believe that you'll hear from every one of us who put Trump and those Senators in office. #pathetic
Guess you missed later on when Mrs King was thanking @SenatorSessions for help on Rosa Parks Library
when you say "us", do you mean your tribe?
Time to send in the Snowflake avalanche
YOUR A NUT!...
Sit you rear down and be quite!
Sen Kennedy would be ashamed to call you friend
You liberals love to use that word bigot. I know what it means and you all are as much bigots as anyone else.
He's so 'radical' that he keeps getting ELECTED in his home state. YOU ARE A COMPLETE NUT JOB.
Sounds like a threat Ms. Warren, can't believe you didn't know of the Senate Rules...there are like 46, read them
I'LL BE BRING A LAWSUIT AGAINST YOU 4 USING A #FAKEBLOODLINE YOU LIED TO GET A HIGH ED THAT WE ARE Deprived
The only hate I see is yours you liar
The fighting Democrats...
oh My Lord, u r delusional if u think he has radical hatred, please go away
the senator will take her muzzle
