But you will fund abortion...???
I will speak up for babies who can't speak up for themselves!  Save #CharlieGard!  #DefundPP!  Close #PlannedParenthood!
The healthcare replacement would focus more funds on babies like this and strip the funds from able bodied adults to buy ins with gov help
I have
He and his coverage will be fun I am 100% sure of it
wanna fight for babies defund planned parenthood..
That's good give them no prenatal care! Planned parenthood does much more than abortions.

BREAKING: New undercover investigation shows @PPact doesn’t help women who want to keep their babies. 

Full video: http://bit.ly/2jYq5S3  
Most don't actually... call and ask
They can't speak in the womb also, are you going to finally protect them there too!!??
Do you protect them after? Start adopting.
Hard to adopt if they are killed in the womb!
If it's made illegal & they aren't, can you keep up with it now? Hope you want a ton of kids!
That's the problem with you progressives, you expect everyone else to pay for your problems
I'm not asking anyone to pay anything. Just don't tell women what they can & can't do with their own bodies!

That's like saying your dick is not your dick or your prostrate is not yours. Her uterus is hers!
yes, exactly, if it's inside her body, her choice
yes
yes, it is an extreme notion that women be able to control their own bodies & make their own healthcare decisions
Well he has already exited the womb... That limits many people's level of "give a sh**"
yep, like everyone who voted for #Obamacare... oh, wait, they didn't care before they were born either!
Oh yeah... And you realize we needed the house and Congress for that... Soooo...
So you are going to start speaking up for unborn babies now?  That is awesome!!!  Never thought I would see this day.
Sorry, but once a child takes its first breath, GOP policy clearly states, "Kid, you're on your own!"
hack
Blame yourself playing politics while people are dieing get your butt working with Republicans to pass something or 2018 lots voted out
Oh, the irony! And hypocrisy!  Willing to let them be aborted up until delivery, but...
Unlike you senator. I've worked in healthcare 20 years. We do take care of kids everyday.  Regardless of insurance.
Mark, you're being naive or disingenuous if you think that *all* people who require care, including children, are "cared for everyday".
Care for all people everywhere? Sounds awesome, but I live on planet earth. Oh look another unicorn!
Unless you work for a non-profit hospital, you are delusional.  A small percentage of charity does not fix the problem.
That includes the babies in the womb!
Oh NOW you want to fight for babies? If you mean it, then start with condemning PP for all their abortions!
You support the murder of innocent fetuses though (Planned Parenthood)
The baby I her body is NOT her own body!
Its murder.
You mean DEFINITELY. Not defiantly. And yes it DEFINITELY IS MURDER.
So Senator  are you now going to support the Pro-Life agenda for the millions of babies who can't speak for themselves?
Love you Elizabeth!! Thank you for being a caring human being!
thank you for your positivity in fighting for what truly matters. You are incredible.
you're being sarcastic, yes?
The @GOP should be reminded that they work FOR us- WE THE PEOPLE!!! And WE THE PEOPLE WANT THE @GOP TO LEAVE OUR HEALTHCARE ALONE!!! 
That's what we've been telling #Obama and company!  LEAVE OUR HEALTH CARE ALONE!!!  #FULLREPEAL
The lack of self awareness is STAGGERING.
you can't make this stuff up!
@POTUS and @HouseGOP want to bring #CharlieGard to the US for care, but don't want to provide healthcare for working Americans. #hypocrisy
uh, #Obama and co are the ones who took health care away from millions
@SenWarren, my senators aren't listening. Thank you for being our voice. This is a glimpse into my son's life.
 “What Medicaid Does for Kids Like Mine” 

#ACA #SaveMedicaid #Medicaid #BCRA #ACHA @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
They aren't repealing Medicaid they just are reducing planned spending, there are no actual cuts, read something sometime eh
They are still cutting Medicaid by 1/4 to 1/3, millions of Americans will lose coverage
It's not cutting anyone, they are proposing we spend less in the future, what is wrong with reining in our spending
Medicaid doesn't work that way. Our population is growing and aging, so the cuts will mean the program can't keep up, and people will suffer
People on Medicaid die everyday all over the country while they are going off the rolls
Overall the US population is growing. The baby boomers are retiring, so more will end up in nursing homes, paid for by Medicaid
It's not the amount that spent that matters, it's that we cover the ones who need care. Adding a cap changes that, and cuts the program
Thanks for all your efforts on behalf of those who have no voice.
You can't make this stuff up! #SenWarren least qualified person to tweet this!
REALLY?? Chief Unaware #Hypocrite much. Delete ur acct!
Chief Featherbrain
I repeat - "Every Senator should step up and fight the millions of babies who cannot speak for themselves.  Many of them are not yet born.!!
I repeat - "Every Senator should step up and fight for the millions of babies who cannot speak for themselves.  Many are not yet born!!!
Even ones still in the womb?
And yet you are pro choice? #hypocrite
LET'S FIGHT!
So, why is this one baby more special than the 1000's of black/hispanic babies killed every day by PP? Oh, wait. He's white. And British.
@FightingMad1 realty is crazy- live in county that voted Trump- know folks who have kids on Medicaid   Go figure -
Wait, what does this have to do with Planned Parenthood??
It takes a great deal of chutzpah (or possibly just a soul that's as black as coal) to feign support for babies. #AbortionIsHomocide
Sorry For all the Idiot s @SenWarren Love for Babies is important @GeorgeWBush__ @CondoleezzaRice @JohnKasich @GeorgeWill @MaxBoot @RWPUSA
How about the 55 million plus babies that were aborted since 1973?
Every Senator SHOULD fight for millions of babies that can't speak for themselves:  preborn, human babies!  Be pro-life, not pro-choice.
what about those unborn.. who speaks for them??? certainly NOT YOU!
Aren't you part of the party that supports abortion. Wonder why you don't speak for those children.
Including the ones in the womb.
Oh lord Lizzy is using you as a token for sympathy against the bill Don't be blind Look at her history she supported OBAMA CARE FAILURE
Wow can't believe you said something I agree with. I'm in shock
Are you kidding? You & Dems ensure 50-60K late term abortions, murders of living sentient human beings in the womb. You're a joke
Glad @SenWarren is standing up for babies that can't speak for themselves. Does this mean you are Pro Life now and speak against abortion?
How about the babies in the womb?
You're going to stop the state sponsored murders of millions of innocent children? That's a step in the right direction.
You mean the millions of aborted babies?  I'll bet not.
Like the ones you show support through @PPACT Planned Parenthood?
Ms Warren you are a serial panderer.  You will say anything to further your political life.  You should be ashamed.
So you're saying that babies should not be murdered by planned parenthood? That's step in right direction!
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/885629405254516736 …
Are you kidding? How many of those aborted babies were able to speak?
are you kidding? Too easy. Again, the left and their hypocrisy. How many aborted babies had their voices squelched? Shame on you
So why do you support planned parenthood and are pro choice
Does this apply to all the millions of aborted babies by #PlannedParenthood who can't speak for themselves either?
In typical Liberal form @SenWarren is incapable of foreseeing the consequences of her actions or her words.  Planned Parenthood hypocrisy.
There is a patient bill of rights and no one is ever turned away because they can't pay you are a liar a hypocrite and a baby killer
Yeah, aborted ones can't speak for themselves either, any thoughts or neat videos about that Senator?
What about the babies that you help kill everyday thru PP? You are nothing but a loudmouth hypocrite.
What a joke!!  Wonder if she feels the way about abortion!
Senator, can you really champion those babies who can't speak for themselves AND Planned Parenthood??
What about unborn babies? Who is their voice?
God and his judgement
So defund Plan Parenthood?
What about the millions of babies that are aborted? Did you stand up for them?
How about the millions of babies murdered in Planned Parenthood abortuaries? I agree, time to stand up for babies and defund PP. Thanks!
what about babies you have backed to be aborted .Seems hypocritical to me , I think Pocahontas speaks with forked tongue
Pochahontis is still around, thought she was arrested
Great to have you on board! When can we expect you to speak out against abortion? #DefundPP
This is so rich...nuff said!
Um... Senator, with all due respect to, doesn't this seem a little ironic coming from you?
such a hypocrite
What is the diff on this baby and one unborn,,, your a disgrace
should they step in and fight 4 the millions of babies aborted each year by PP, who you think needs 2 murder even more babies?
Holy shit your going to stop funding planned parenthood Elizabeth ? Really your my hero.
but.... but.... u support Planned Parenthood... we know u really don't care about babies! #DefundPP
She really is barely aware of her own existence, isn't she.
Wow Lizzy, R U saying U no longer support ABORTION?? Did the Holy Spirit convict U or are U being a HYPOCRITE????
There are even MORE babies that can't speak for themselves that desperately need our help. They are the ones murdered by PP.
AMEIN!!!BUT FoolsDespiseWisdom (Proverbs 1:7)TRUMP 7Decades 7Months 7DaysOldInaugurationDay2017HebrewYr 5777GREAT SIGN9/21(Rev12)
Hey liz, so long as they don't interfere with your donations from PP, right? https://youtu.be/DeilHs9kZ2g 
Engage in enough circular logic and eventually you'll bite youself in the ass #hipocracyatitsfinest
i do more in my work in Autism than you Senator have ever done!!  Your grin when babies aborted at full term is shameful!
How about the 65 million that were murdered and supported by you....
Why don't you start speaking for the unborn?
Glad to see you are now #prolife.
Oh Fauxcohontas, you didn't give this any thought, did you? #DefundPP #DumbassTweetOfTheDay #ThursdayThoughts #democratslive #BabyKillers
Is he in a womb somewhere?
What about the aborted ones you care NOTHING about!  What hypocrisy.
You are so phoney,absolutely SICKENING to listen to UR squeaky voice,UR head shaking,UR hands flailing in attempt to look strong,REPULSIVE!
Do you ever realize what a fauxchahontas hypocrite you are? "Fight for millions of babies", thats stupid on a new level. PP?
Thank you Senator!  Finally you became pro-life! I'll never call you Pocahontas again. 
wait. Did she just tweet this???   Umm abortions?
Wow, what a double standard when it comes to who u fight for. What about the unborn who are killed in the name of women's rights. Two faced
This tweet will not age well.
So, what are your plans regarding PP moving forward ?  That would be a GREAT place for all of you Senators to begin this worthy fight!
Millions of aborted babies could not be reached for comment...
Unborn babies can't speak for themselves... they are exactly the same people, inside or outside mother. #AbolishGenocide
Another hypocritical statement from Lie-A-Watha. Lefties support murdering babies. Defund Planned Parenthood.
Your right. We know your party condones & thus participates in the murder of millions by @PPact. Maybe you should think you twit
Pffffft! SMH You and your party are such a joke.
Once the babies are out of the womb they're babies before they're a clump of cells right warren... #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
or just kill them before they get to that point. #Choice.
Does this mean you are Pro-Life now?  I'm excited to hear this!!!
Unborn children can't speak for themselves either...do want to speak for them? Or support the right to kill them?
Like you step up and fight the millions of babies aborted each year that can't speak for themselves?
Stop the funding to planned parenthood, the #1 babykillers! #fightforlife
I'm glad you are speaking for every baby, LETS END PLANNED PARENTHOOD AND ABORTIONS WITH MRS WARREN!!!!!
Step up for all babies? ALL? Senator are you withdrawing support for abortions? Congrats! About time. Thank you.
Had this child not been wanted you would be fighting to kill it! It was barely over a pound when born. PP kills babies weighing more!
Like the millions of babies without voices who are killed by PP every year? Oh wait... I'm sorry they don't fit your agenda!
You mean like those in the womb who can't speak for themselves? Yeah, I think every senator should support pro-life! Nice call tee pee
...but is pro-abortion... making no sense. 
I thought you were por choice or more specifically pro death for innocent babies?
How clueless can you be? Quit supporting Planned Parenthood if you want to speak up for babies who can't speak for themselves.
Finally! It's about time the Dumocraps realized the evil of abortion. Congrats on becoming pro-life and having morals.
Maybe you should be consistent and fight for the lives of the unborn.  he word abortion is nothing more than a synonym for murder

But you have no problem killing them before they are even born, What an idiotic Hypocrite you are. And you are a senator. Shameful for USA
so glad to see you disavow @PPFA!
It's your policies that created the NHS in Britain. Just shut up. I lived that mess. As Stuart Varney says I'm a refugee from socialism !!!
Who let this senial idiot on twitter.......surprised she did not call the baby President Bush. 
We fight ppl like u every day defending millions of kids that dont have a voice. U who support their death en masse R some kinda sick joke.
Save babies who have no voice...like the ones you advocate abortion for? Those two concepts are diometrically opposed. Fix your narrative.
And the unborn! Look over ur shoulder EW, there is a new boy in town...your gonna lose next year! Enjoy your pandering while u can!
Yes! The millions of unborn children, too!
The irony isn't lost on me #PPKillsBabies
Yes I agree and you can start by stopping the flow of our tax dollars to #plannedparenthood #idiocracy #governmentwaste
So you root for them if they make it out of the womb- but before that............
Am I confused on what PP does, can you remind us all? 
How about those unborn babies being aborted?  Will you speak for them?
so you are now all for defunding planned parenthood?  Good to hear #idiot #retire #2018
Just when you thought fauxcahontis couldn't be more hypocritical and disconnected, she drops this turd off in the pool.
What about standing up and speaking out for these babies who couldn't? Oh I forgot as long as they are killed at @PPFA you're good with it.
Elizabeth what about all the babies who are ripped out of their mothers womb? Are you willing to be their voice too?
Wait, I thought you were all about killing babies before they are born. I'm confused now.......
I agree! have you finally come to your senses on the issue of abortion?
ur now PRO-LIFE agree to stop funding Planned Parenthood & the abortion industry which literally kills Ks of babies a day?
What above the 50+million babies your party supports the murder of since roe v wade who speaks for them? ( republicans) do, hypocrite
You mean like the hundreds of thousands ABORTED YEARLY?  Republicans are doing that
The irony of this...
Peter story in the thousands of stories out there like his prove beyond a shadow of a doubt Healthcare is a human right in our society
Does that include the millions of unborn babies that you NAZI's kill every year, with your buddies at #PLANNEDPARENTHOOD?
Planned Parenthood kills babies. Single payer systems kills babies. You support both. Most disingenuous, pandering tweet ever.
Yes! Begin by stopping abortion.
I agree. Defund abortions at @PPact.
Hey, this is the result of SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE. You know the one YOU wanted HERE.
R U really that stupid, U want to fight for millions of babies yet U don't mind planned parenthood killing babies for body parts?
Yes and fight for the millions of babies who are being murdered in the name of selfishness
What a crock... Why then do you support Planned Parenthood? A corrupt organization that profits by killing millions of babies
Guess you didn't think this through. Maybe you could get some pointers from Donald Trump?

Only because he wasn't killed a couple months ago in the womb though, right? That would have been fine.
The irony drips. #PlannedParenthood ??
Wait, so now you are about helping babies that "can't speak for themselves"?
Pick a side.
@SenWarren, where else are there “millions of babies who can’t speak for themselves”? I think it rhymes with Jammed Farenthood.  
you realize that nationalized healthcare calls for hard decisions about human beings whose chance of living is low... right?
Irony alert! You mean like the 3000 babies that are murdered by planned parenthood every day?
Good thing Peter's mom didn't want an abortion then you would be fighting for her right to kill him. BTW insurance is not Healthcare.
How about the millions of babies killed by Planned Parenthood?  Are you going to speak out for them?
The irony in this coming from you is stunning. Let's practice what you preach and defund Planned Parenthood. #facepalm #cantmakethisup
Especially those that are STILL IN THE WOMB! Right, Senator? Right?????? Or do those babies not count? #POS
How about all the unborn babies that are aborted !  They can't speak for themselves !  You are a Evil no Morals Woman..
Spare me, hypocrite. Among the millions murdered by the abortion industry which you support, who did you speak for? Fake empathy.
The babies that were aborted?
I agree, even the unborn ones too, you just played yourself, hypocrite
Like these?
u support all abortions!!!
I'm stepping up, out with Planned Parenthood. Save 300,000 baby's a year! They can't speak for themselves
@realDennisLynch
Do you support protecting the preborn lives Senator?
Im glad you feel this way. Now that you are on the record lets defund PP
CDC reports 664,435 babies who could not speak for themselves were killed by abortion in 2013. Consider speaking for them? TY.

So you support late term abortion but use this family push your own agenda You're sick lady Babies at PP can't speak 4 themselves either
Whole thing could have been prevented if she'd just had your friends at PP kill the baby earlier, amirite?
How about unborn babies too, you hypocrite
So you are no longer pro killing babies via parenthood's infanticide program?
Yes, you seem like just the right person to speak up for babies who can't speak for themselves.  #DefundPP #nutjob
Like you give a shit about babies voices.
Thank you @SenWarren  for finally becoming Pro-Life!   Millions of babies who can't speak for themselves need your support!
Make up your mind, Senator. You either want to kill babies or you don't. #DefendTheDefenseless #EndAbortionNow
FINALLY!! Speaking out against all those babies MURDERED by abortion! Oh wait..... I guess THEY still don't count.
