You want single-payer government run medicine.  #CharlieGard deemed by government not worth spending $4 mil. for care.
That's just a lie
Hospital can't overrule parents - only government can / and did.
Not government. Independent judiciary.

I mean, you can draw all the charts that you want. But the government had no hand in this decision.
That's a chart of U.K. GOVERNMENT.
Caps lock doesn't change the facts
They couldn't  care less. Their ideology  is important  to them.
He would have had the same thing before Obamacare.  QUIT LYING POCOHANTAS!!!
your real good at exploiting children
This is exactly my story! I have coverage, but needed Medicaid to help with my little guy! He was a preemie with many medical issues.
And the only reason that baby is going thru this is because of this
Why don't you give her some money it stems from Obama care. Help people you live in a 4.3 million dollar mansion
Pocahontas you such a fraud you know single payer wouldn't spend $4 million on this kid!!!

Republicans don’t give a shit about this child unless his parents can guarantee a republican vote in the future.
Isn't one of the US's "unalienable rights" LIFE? Would this child not be treated without health insurance? What a mess!
He's a beautiful baby boy 
She should send all her med bills to the #SenateGOP
Hey Liz don't you feel like a real heroine everytime you promote your sorry career on the backs of real suffering? you/dem party caused it
"You dem partly caused it"... Ok, fine. So GOP should make it worse? More suffering? More deaths?  At least E Warren is trying to help ppl.
She's using poor sick children to promote her career and book sales. Sick!
@LADmommy @SenateGOP the real question is Y did it cost 4 million? Yes, healthcare is expensive, But it's outta control in the US
@aliranger29 please share your story with @SenWarren !
if the parents are low income he gets medicaid.If the parents are middle class they get screwed over by obamacare
He's alive today because I have a job, with coverage but needed more help & care for him. Thanks to Medicaid he'll get what he needs!
Not they better not listen to.they being refusing listen to other parent who travel to wash and they are closing the door on their face.sad
My son worked for Amazon & at 31 Passed From Aggressive Cancer. His Cost Also $4mil. Amazon Was Great Heald His Job Open Hoping For The Best
I'm sorry for your loss.
What I don't understand, is how they can justify themselves.. how do they sleep at night?
There are pills paid for by taxpayers for that! RepubliCons are dollars over people and party over country!
It's amazing that after 17 yrs (actually 7)  that republicans after 50 plus votes in Congress can't come up anything they can pass.
HER LITTLE BOY THAT SHE KEPT
Is there no low you libs won't stoop to.  Another bald faced liberal lie.
But why is the cost so high?  Because of inflated medical costs to offset insurance's negotiated rates.
So the point of this is that Obamacare isn't working?
Did Indians have Obama care back in the day Pocahontas? Just wondering.
So the problem is health care costs, not health care...
We hear many sad stories but judgement is made on millions not one. That is why they have charities
You are despicable!
The child's life and happiness are worth more than money. Some goveernment conventions have cost more.
Yet, you ignore the stories of children who can't get treatment under Obamacare.
I urge you to listen to all the people who either lost their insurance or have to pay high premiums.oh wait yo dont care about them
when we get to single payer like liberal progressives want he'll be killed off by death panels refusing treatments
They do not care. They've proved this today
This is why we urged you to endorse Bernie during the primaries. You really blew it.
Begging people we pay to represent us is wrong.
The ACA wouldn't spend that kind of money on an elderly person. Can you say death panels?

Speaking of Millions
The
This. Is. EUGENICS. BY. PROXY.
Yet u all just "TALK"....yrs u all knew the GOP were all about corporations yet u all just TALK..time for action senator. talking is no good
most people on Medicaid do not live in a nice home like this one- most of us can barely afford to pay rent or eat. (and face homelessness)
Senator:.... that's the Dems problem, they like to "TALK"....GOP do action, for years u all knew they were doing voter suppression
The boy would have received care with or without the ACA.  You know that.
#45 wanted to bring baby Charlie over for medical care, but willing to allow children here die from lack of medical care. Shame on him!
Sadly they're more fond of their tax cuts and only care about their lives.
Still waiting?
I'm glad this little one and others like him have had care but i am utterly sick of children being used as political pawns...
Is the point that we can ALL rack up multimillion dollar bills and not have to pay for them?  using children as your pawns is Sick, indeed.
Elizabeth you are SICK - you keep using Americans as political pawns to push a bad agenda @va_shiva will win in a landslide!
My hubs and I did our homework too and we are in the same bubble...please see
GOP: fuck that kid as long as insurance and pharmaceutical companies turn a profit
This is why the Dems lost the working peoples vote! My premiums and deductibles are to high!I will soon need a health plan for my deducible!
Obamacare can't afford that!
Again his dads union insurance should be mandated to pay for their medical bills
Might as well call Marika the American Charlie Gard if your Single Payer gets passed. Funny how you'll never have to use that plan...
They don't care. Their families are covered! They don't care!!
Keep parading these kids around... It won't help because we know the majority of America auffers under the ACA.
They are not listening. They only respond to like politicians, their financiers and lobbyists. Not their constituents, ever. We are so tired
Nice house they have there.  Why are they getting Medicaid when it would seem they have financial resources to pay?  Not right.
GOP wants the poorest to die off... Not needed anymore as soon we'll have robots driving, serving... Etc
Amen @SenateGOP
What ? Obamacare didn't cover it? #wtf
There's probably that many people that can't pay their Obamacare premiums
@POTUS used Poppy as example of need to reform ACA.  Poppy would not be covered under reform b/c of her genetic = preexisting condition smh
http://www.healthsystemtracker.org/brief/how-infant-mortality-rates-in-the-united-states-compare-to-rates-in-other-countries/#item-start …

Tragically, your Senate GOP colleagues couldn't care less about Marika's boy.
Sad. This is the "above it all" Republican Party. Protection for investments over investing in poorer peoples' lives.
If you pass something that doesn't work, best for the country is to repeal it!O'Care premiums up.Choice zero.Stop playing politics!
They don't care. Our country is so divided and right now party trumps everything...including people's lives. #sad
Vote no
@SenateDems HOLD THE LINE!
Check out @RealJamesWoods's Tweet:
If you are ever nauseous and need to bring it up, watching this will likely help... 
Nervous Elizabeth?
he will still get the care
Stop the lies
You created this mess
Little sweetheart
Republicans don't care if you have a little boy/girl that needs medical care.
Unfortunately the republicans look at these sad stories & how much money they will save not insuring them to pass on to the wealthy 
GOP will be the death panel party if they repealACA
THEY. DON'T. CARE.
Seems as if the Affordable Care Act (ACA) all ready did that with MD's leaving and insurance departing counties.
What’s the difference between this family & the families Trump brought on stage yesterday?
@SenDeanHeller Pause and think about it; voting for a skinny repeal is not the way to improve our healthcare
#KillTheBill #NoSkinnyRepeal
Who does the Medical Device provision benefit financially? Tom Price that's who! More insider trading going on here.
Looks like pocahontas is using a robot to send her tweets. Like she really care about us.
They dont care. Let her kids die is their belief. As long as they get tax breaks and insn comp. Can sell junk ins. They dont care Never will
That's the problem overpriced medical care that you just want to bandaid instead of fix.  Just keep throwing money at it. That'll work
I'm sorry Ms Warren. They don't care!   This a vote against our last president not the issue.
They don't care. I'm so sick of this GOP. They are all scum
For those who think the $4 million is to much for one life I would remind them that under a system like the NHS it would have cost $0
A white little boy? Conservatives will have a harder time claiming him to be undeserving of help - but I'm sure they'll still manage.
VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE REPEAL VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
sorry Bing i cant translate this from Spanish
Propaganda
The American Health Care Act would be a disaster to millions of American families. It CANNOT be allowed to become law!
Vote NO!
