lol remember how accessible the ACA —which is a far worse cancer— was to the public/congress?
Yes. It was discussed at length. Many times. In public.
Not until it was passed
Wrong. Again.
Nancy Pelosi "we have to pass it to find out whats in it"
Yep. She did say that. I guess that means all the hearings that happened before then didn't happen. Good point.
Those hearings were speculation and much turned out to be false once it was passed. Just as this discussion was, speculation
Wait so they had public hearings for the ACA? How many has the AHCA had?
Senator Warren has some explaining to do about more than this layup topic. She stabbed us all in the back whether you say so or not.
We don't have to forgive, but we must work with those who were earlier reluctant.
There's a difference between reluctance and cowardice and opportunism. I saw her for what she really is.
Fair enough. She remains one of the best in the Senate, I hope our movement becomes the best opportunity for opportunists.
We have to keep this energy moving forward and not get caught like usual with fakers and inertia. We can't be afraid to state the truth.
That's how we get into this crap. Take what they offer. That's good cop bad cop
Who is the good cop? What are they offering?
It's how this Charade has worked now for decades. It's how the left has been marginalized. Dems pay lip service and point to GOP.
Lol! Two nut jobs at one table! A millionaire socialist and a fake Native American! #Frauds!
Check it out it's a anti Semite
Senator warren is a tribal indian of superior master race genetics. She said so herself. How could she be wrong?
Your both full of it. Hey Bernie how's that investigation going for fraud?
You and Bernie should quietly go away! !!!!!
ok. *cries*
Haha. But she isn't under investigation for bank fraud. But you sure are!
Most people on Medicaid are illegal immigrants sucking the system dry
Who's bat shit crazy
Keep it simple, keep it real. Single payer works!
Bernie Sanders Bank Fraud!
hell yeah! I lost it all in one of Trump's Casinos. So I'm fucked
Was it anything like that secret #Obamacare you rammed down our throats years ago? U know the one "you can keep ur plan & keep ur Doctor" BS
It took a year and a half Of debate and compromise, but yeah "rammed down our throats" if a fair Scription ....tool
Hey tool. Not one Republican voted to pass it. So much for compromise huh. Learn the difference between fund and pass
It's time for both of you to start campaigning together.  Sanders/Warren 2020!  Give us a future we can hope for!
You gotta be kidding these two will be in the old folks home in 2020.
How can I get involved? They move forward with their agenda regardless of massive marches and absurd disapproval ratings.What else can I do?
Hey Bernie. Will you take the millions left over from your failed campaign and give it to the starving socialists in Venezuela?
Bernie spent it all on his new house!
Our future depends on people like these two.  Thank you.
And since neither one of you has any idea what's in it - what the hell did you talk about?
Probably what the House passed and how shady the Senate Republicans are being with this. Kind of like they are ashamed of it.
Bernie and Warren should be ashamed of their corrupt political careers and the millions they've made from being politicians!
Go Bernie!! VT U!!!
what these 2 commies say is meaningless, I think Bernie better take his wife on a 2nd honeymoon and not come back.
WE WANT SINGLE PAYER!! Democrats need to get off the corporate tit and deliver SINGLE PAYER!!
Did she give you some advice on banking and monetary issues?!
Keep up the fight Sen. Sanders and Sen. Warren!
Cz their not.
there's no secret. Trump asked for your help, but you ignored his request
Was this before or after Sanders meetings with his lawyers for bank fraud?
Bernie the Republican party ( GOP) are the lowest of the Low lifes ever...if the health care bill falls in there favor !

Ugh
A pleasure? The only pleasure you 2 can create is to stop breathing.
she's pretty heavy into banking too, makes you wonder if she has any conection to Burnies troubles
How many houses y'all got?
More talk. More look at me talking. Get busy and do something that actually changes anything. Talk talk talk. See me!!
Well since 25 white male republicans won't let anyone see it until it's passes that's all that can be done.
Okay. Obviously some folks find this useful and serving some kind of value. I stand corrected. Talk away.
Bernie this is plain and simple crimes against humanity, it's genocide of the poor in the middle class the backbone of this country. Inhuman
Good sit down, but unfortunately hosted by Facebook/Zuckerberg one of largest purveyors H1b visas taking jobs/healthcare from Am. Workers.
2 peas in a pod...ugh!
That's why they call you crazy Bernie aligning yourself with this crazy woman
You two seriously need to run together on the democratic ticket in 2020.
Two of my favorite senators! Wow! This health care plan is absolutely insane and I think that it is outright impossible.
Yeah, abbot and costello, both LIARS
You listen to Bernie you are in big big trouble
Here's Bernie explaining to Warren how a bit of back alley play can buy her a vacation home, or even more!
How do you discuss a secret?
It's Romney Care started here in Mass then adopted by the dems.
Both of you are TraitorCrat, Quisling P.O.S. Your Traitors to your country, betrayers to the American people and despicable Sub-Humans.
Why don't the two of you get a room!
The people who spread hate and deceit
Bernie nobody wants to hear from you OR Pocahontas
looking to get more free stuff and no way to pay for it.Bernie the socialist and Warren the wanna be Indian 2 of a kind
Mental illness is contagious
yes a sit down known as "the liars ball"
how can you call that sell out your friend?
slm
Look at the 2 Socialist Fascists. Both Ultra-Rich,  Bernie made $1 Million last year.   They think their job is to Confiscate OUR money.
The same amount of Americans lost their healthcare when Obamacare was enacted. They couldn't afford it & on top of that had to pay a fine!
I love you guys
Go Bernie
Yep, your best friend, always backing you up in a time of need... remember?
Elizabeth Warren cut your throat when she refused to endorse you before the Massachusetts primary. She's a good friend?!
Two Nuts!
Had she endorsed you prior to the Mass Primary you would have become president!
and what did Pocahontas say?

I have the utmost respect for what you are doing. Thank you for standing up for the American people!
Organized crime in control!
we pay for banks, wall street, the fed keeps eating our lunch, you want us to pay for people's health care, you pay out of your own packet.
Must watch!!
The investigation should continue and get the corrupted administration, the American people should demand the truth #Donaldtrump case .
Can u people please fight loud and hard for Pelosi I am ashamdof these mealy mouth dems of course they hate her that why we 
LV her std up!
Bernthere's no secret healthcare plan I challenge Dems and Repub for one year no privilege have to use Obama care exchanges call in like all
both of  u ROCK !!!
Your good friend couldn't seem to remember who you were last year, sort of like you and Tim Canova.
Why don't you both just go away.
I see a Native American .... oh wait? She'll self identify as a gay male in 2020 so she can win the presidency.
The Hodgkinsons are watching. Really Bernie, GOP "cowardly?" Watch the tone. Your voters have guns and use them apparently. #stopDemViolence
Bernie, you were the best man for the job; and it is a man's job. But I run the show now and I have to reward my base, America's CEOs.
I love Senator Warren!
No one believes you or the Dems anymore as shown in recent elections. Your party is dead, get out of the way!
This is LEADERSHIP!!
Why waste time on someone who colluded to sabotage us all.
Those people who voted for him are getting what they deserve, they have been conned, manipulated, and taken for fools,they care about money
Thank You Bernie Sanders
They should have the same healthcare as the rest of us.
It's not a secret and it's pretty much Obamacare, so stop lying to your constiuents. It's game over for Democrat politicians at this point.
People can't complain as they believe the devil they know is worst, than the devil they don't know. Look at roughly 180 days after election.
A Warren/Sanders ticket for #Election2016 could've TROUNCED Trump/Pence if #DNC had their stuff together.
You rolled over for Hilary ya cuck, so ur gonna remove all pretext and take fauxcahontas's tom-tom til she sez stop???
B Sanders you don't want to hear   
This and the rich would have a heart attack 1% tax on every thing import export to fund health cost
It is sad to say let people feel the pain of having it past. The rural areas will feel it worst compared to urban/metropolitan areas.
Thanks for fighting for us!
I agree with your statements on this Healthcare bill from the Senate.
Pass Trumpcare repeal Obamacare.
Go Burnie!
Secrets? I know of none!
you two are perfect for each other!
God bless you, both of you. Keep speaking out for us.
Why do they keep lying saying you Dems didn't have hearings for the ACA.  You did right?
The same thing you #dems did with #Obamacare. So...nothing new. What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
You Liberal Socialist are all alike. Just tax us to death instead of creating new jobs so people can provide for themselves. Your losers.
You haven't read it!!!!!
I wish dems would not act like reps of the last 8years and speak of practical solutions other wise it's just more smoke
I
First rule of secret health plan, you don't talk about secret health plan. As said before "you have to pass it to read what is in it
Stop with the lies
Still have not learned that the dem attitude is why people turned away from you. You can't fix what you don't admit.
#TheResistance gop hijacked our government Now trying 2 hijack healthcare Isn't it bad enough tRump hijacked decency?
#MAGA these 2 are killing their own party. Keep up the good work.
Your leader Sleezy Schumer stated on 2 occasions he would permit no demwit senator to vote for it.Need new leadership if U want 2 see bills!
Dems hate it when Repubs employ Dem tactics!
Much better than the communist crap you ram down USA throats with ACA!  Whackadoodle lefties!
A commie and a fake Indian walk into a bar...
Great!  Hope you're ready to work to fix, rather than obstruct. Please do your job!
You're judged by the company you keep, Bernie.
You two need to help @ChrisMurphyCT and @CoryBooker run and win in 2020! Too many "never" people when it comes to you two.
What a Freak show! You two guarantee Republicans success in winning elections Resist, obstruct, cry , whimper, moan, rant, rave & do nothing
Two nutjobs who don't know sqaut about the american people.
You guys are absolutely wonderful. Such great people..so smart and kind.  amazing.
McConnell's tenure earned him the right to write our health policy without Democratic help. perfect Cbo score;insures Women to Ist amendment
Keep up the resistance..we will prevail
Bernie, need to make rallies and town halls in Republican District Continuously so you can get your point across. Tell truth w no over tones
Two old fools that want division across  America.  With Wild eyes like this no wonder democrats are losing
Dear Bern and Lizzie. Please take a look at yourself in the mirror. You did the same thing when Ocare was forced upon us!  Don't deny!
Your not discussing Healthcare for America, instead your staging a political rant. How does the left go along with this phony charade?
You'll sit down on the publics dime with Pocahontas but won't sit down civilly with GOP to actually discuss any ideas to make HC better.
Pass it then you can read it - out of power stinks - DEMs and socialists will grow used to it. #Takingourcountryback
YOU BERNIE & SEN. WARREN ARE BOTH COMMUNISTS  WHY DON'T THE SENATE & CONGRESS HAVE SAME INSURANCE AS ALL AMERICANS???
Link to entire conversation?
I'm an independent. It's these types of thoughtful conversations that sway me. There's nothing but bluster on the right. More of this please
More free stuff!!!
they belong in Cuba with like minded people
Now if all the talking made a difference. You're being ignored. Need more!!!
Welcome to our world, exactly how Obamacare came into existence, from behind closed doors. Only Obama had to bribe members to sign on!
I wonder what the kids at Evergreen College with think about those hand gestures White/Mansplaining
I don't see healthcare. I see big tax breaks for the rich. And the probable death of Americans. Republicans wish?
You 2 should team up much more often!
Remember: ACA had to be passed before it was fully read. That wasn't a secret?
that was the most awkward "trying to be relevant" hand shake I've ever seen
For one moment everyone over there in Washington stop resisting and start getting together to fix this mess. You owe it to all of us.
#theperfectticket #2020 #2020vision
Bernie, what happened to you at the @WhiteHouse meeting w/#TraitorObama? Did he put a chip in your head bc you haven't been the same since.
Two morons that should retire. #CorruptPoliticians
Bet she is regretting endorsing Hillary right about now...
She isn't your friend Bernie. She screwed all of us by endorseing hillary.  She is a neo liberal shit box.
ACA is like welfare. Create a dependence for votes.  You'll never fix it because broken benefits you. Vote grabbing program. @seanhannity
1 communist & 1 socialist in solidarity make USA a socialist country.
With all due respect, when you're paying for imperialistic warmongering all over, how do you expect free healthcare?
I hate to tell the 2 of you that it really doesn't matter what we say or do anymore. GOP does someone else's bidding!
Where is Russia in this?
Hey Bernie, make sure ur minions don't go to baseball games
There may not yet be a healthcare plan with 51 Senate votes yet. It remains to be seen.
If she was your friend she should have stood with you against the DNC
Did you ask Lizzie if she regretted not endorsing you before the Ma. primary?  Asking for a voter.
Make America great again!!!
