Shut your FKN ass !!!!!!!
And what skill do you have Pocahontas perhaps to work on a Indian gift shop selling head bands
Pocahontas go away no one what you think.
Random...I choose not to be a truck driver..thank you, not thank you!!! thanks
No they do not have the skills it takes years to get skills if you have no common sense then you have no skills Warren is a baby killer
In 10 years AI will be doing these jobs. Then what?
Agree !
no sh!# sherlock?
A stupid comment
You hate the military Elizabeth I find you a condescending hypocrite
Yes & We need the Psychotherapy as a top priority. There are so many of us broken Being a productive  member of society is what we want.
The election and disgusting 45 broke me. I was on-the-edge due to daughter's stage 4 cancer, now over the top. 
they have to unlearn the warzone habits of driving straddling the centerline at the fastest speed the vehicle will go.
Driving auto, off-road trucks in 50mph convoy is NOT the same as driving 12spd 18wheeler in 70mph heavy traffic. Additiinal skills required.
Absolutely
Duh!
Wow !!! Im shocked !!!  A glimpse of common sense between those ears ?
Old Lizzie you here are a rocket scientist with that tweet  ate you trying to suggest that they don't need to take a road test
Thank you
The days are numbered for human drivers as an occupation though.
And driving is a miserable job that is hard on the body. Vets deserve better.
What a shame the push is on to automate the trucking industry to driverless vehicles then isn't it?
What is your point
YES!  We shouldn't make life more difficult for Veterans! Especially when we ask them to go on so many tours & sacrifice so much!
This is the first time I agree with you!!!!!
Absolutely!!! Good luck convincing your union lobbyists and donors of this one. #beholden
As a former CDL driver ,& also drove in military I can assure you that you have no clue what you are talking about. I can't say  I surprised

Yes, but do they want to? Does it pay enough?
Wow how long did it take you to figure that out.
If all religious orgs were taxed like non-profits, public works projects could be implemented. Like vets building low income housing
With wi fi and study rooms on the 1st floor so kids can do their homework & adults can get job training/secondary education online.
Homeless vets would then have housing & access to job training as well. Poverty needs to be vanquished, not perpetuated. Tax religious orgs
And the pay is much better...cuz you keep our soldiers poor.
Apparently these companies in my area didn't get the memo. 
I don't even get consideration
Wow, you really are a genius.
This is too obvious to even be an issue.
...and that's a no brainer. Having been in the military, I feel saver when I fly, if either one of the pilots were military pilots.
no shit...
Now you support Veterans? To late for this lady.
That was the first intelligent thing I've ever read after your name.... 
And ya know what else there trained to handle ? Guns ! Yep guns !
Are you saying they don't need state
Approved license?
Not all of them.

You said something that makes sense---time to seek immediate medical attention you lying fraud.
Thank you
Too many military jobs like this are subject to #outsourcing. Pls keep those jobs IN the active military.
I trust that you will support President Trump's plan to improve bridges and roads, then.
When he actually gets a plan ready for Congress; Then and Only Then can I answer your question!
DUH! #dumpwarren
LOL  - You don't give a crap about our Vets.  Only citizens of Lib Tard Nation will believe that. #fakeindian #peacepipe #hypocrite #liar
The award for stating the obvious goes to... #Pocahontas
Except for passing the CDL exam you are correct.
What about other career fields? Aviation mechanics need A&P licenses and the aviation industry is suffering from a lack of licensed techs!
Yes! Stop the military outsourcing. Our troops need the skills. They join to serve and learn.
Are they entitled to the same health Care that you have?
That's all you got!?
For her that was a full week's work
That's how little she thinks of our vets! They are some of the brightest/hardworking men and women around.
Senator transition programs for our Veterans are critical.
Jobs for Vetrans with a living wage should be an American priority.
We vote
Did you think of that yourself or did you read that somewhere? Not much thought went into something so obvious #Pocahontas
Thanks Lieawatha, I did not know that. Makes sense though. Now, go back to your TeePee and stay there.
How profound.
Ya just like the illegals
So in a couple of years some robot soldiers will be robot drivers? http://perkurowski.blogspot.com/2017/02/here-some-disorderly-lose-cannon.html …
Our highways: exactly like combat zones.
Profound!
Unfortunately, trucks will drive themselves in 10 years. Vets need promising, growing industries to pursue until they retire.
Long haul trucking will be fully automated within the next 20 years.
What a profound statemant. How about they have the freedom to do anything they want.
So what is your point?
What happens when those trucks become fully driverless?
You'd know?.... you've never really worked a day in your life...  Vote this liar out!
Shouldn't you be finding job for the people on welfare? If they can pass a drug test.
I keep up my CDL. Bus driving is pretty lucrative for a guy who winters in Nashville and spends summer in Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
Wow.. what happen .. someone jump start you was this morning, marine... you might make it after all dummy
Not according to DOT
Driving in SoFL is a combat zone.
I would also like to expand that to driving commercial boats as well.
Wow! Lizzie you came up with that on your own? Really ?
What is your point?
No, but we should train them to drive civilian trucks when they return home and to get them union cards, and commercial driver's licenses.
You're a genius.
No, but we should train them to drive cii
civilian trucks when they return home.
As a Veteran and a Truck driver I disagree. Huge difference between driving cross country on an interstate and driving in combat.
LOL so take the CDL test 
I know many Veterans who have a CDL which is required by Federal Law
Didn't you jus pass a law on automated vehicles allowed on the roads
Yes.but libs and business owners prefer illegal who work for minimum wage
They certainly do, but do they want to? Wartime is one thing, but are they skilled in public safety? What's your point here anyways?
You've clearly driven in Boston too.
We'll have self driving trucks in 5 years. Give them jobs they're really qualified for: rounding up illegals for deportation.
Yes, yes, yes . . .
Wow, did you figure that out all by yourself!
Umm. Yeah. And they can get those jobs if they have a CDL. Is this really that big an issue?
Well no shit Pocahontas!  How did you derive that brilliant idea? You're dumber than I thought! Pitiful!
These buses & trucks in combat zones had a good chance to fueled by #JP8.  Thousands have been exposed to #JP8andHighNoise #Military
Duh.
That's all you think they can do? They don't just 'drive a truck' in COMBAT zones! Are you serious?!?
So why do think there is such a tidal movement to automate truck transport?
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
You're brilliant
Okay.  Did someone suggest otherwise?  Is this a hot topic today?
So, veterans are good for trucker jobs while DACA recipients are good for colleges and better jobs
Have you ever driven a truck in Iraq?
THANK YOU for actually working for vets, unlike so many grandstanders. Vets have so much training to utilize in the civilian world!
R you not smarter than that come on lady
Impeach Trump

Good observation Pochahontas.
Veterans !!! Nice word for terrorists who massacred 1.2 million Iraqis in Iraq, Millions in Afghanistan, Thousands in Syria, Vietnam etc
I've driven in Boston, are you sure about that?
Yes!But a little readjust trng.Spent 2yrs in Beirut.Drove in warzone one day,US city the http://next.Got  two tix in 2 wks.Its difrnt
And what else did you think they were going to do
Then you better get to work and pass a bill outlawing driverless trucks.
Wow! Why has no one has ever said this before? It seems so obvious now! Thank you @SenWarren for finally saying what needed to be said #MAGA
Sacrifice your life for your country and get rewarded w/ a cool trucking job. FML
Amen brother
Outstanding!!
In the 1950's just 5% of the workforce req'd an occupational license. That number has ballooned to 30%, the majority being unnecessary.
Which are unnecessary? Electricians? Plumbers?
Hairstylists among others.
It's good to license when bleaching and such.

WTF? FFS, Those jobs will be obsolete in the next 20 years. Driverless vehicles are the future. Fellow Veterans, we got no one on our side.
Nah I don't think so. Least I hope not.
I hope not. But companies WILL go driverless to save billions in salary,benefits, and liability.Plenty of folks have lost jobs to automation
True. However, those living w/untreated PTSD, which contributes 2 lg # of vet unemplymt, must be addressed. Mental health has 2B a priority.
but our Country hires them to be instructors to keep and improve our citizens safety...and teachers are hired to improve our education....
yes but they have immunity in those combat zones.
Cheap labor nickel jobs. Not great America. Do not go in military recruits make your own contract they no like fine shove usa away
Everybody has to do what they are best at!! Professionalism and competence is first! Combat instructors have skills to be teachers too...
can someone please put her back in the home? My Lord 
The biggest problem is state regulations & insurance CO's.
Lol vets have know that and if you were to check many who were drivers are still drivers!
Of course they do. Get a cdl and drive your heart out
Before we start driving those trucks, how about building the infrastructure to safely meet those skills and experiences?
Not necessarily. Driving a truck on a six-lane interstate is a little different than driving on a dirt road.
Speaking as a liberal truck-driver' s wife.
I doubt if your husband's a liberal truck driver
Veterans who have the training & experience to possess/carry firearms in combat zones have the skills to possess/carry firearms at home @NRA
The trucking industry is desperate for drivers. I do know a veteran who became a trucker, but the industry would teach from scratch.
Why is Nancy Pelosi cool with Trump? Makes your whole platform look like a puppet show.
This is offensive
Ok who is arguing you
You are amazing. If only you spent as much time finding jobs for our returning warriors as you do taking care of illegal aliens. #fakeindian
Veterans do NOT support you or the Democrap Party, you and your kind use Vets as political props, try lowering our taxes to create JOBS!
Veterans w multiple degree s are murdered wmom sister and aunt by Annette Marion and cpms group sos
Apparently not.
True
until self driving trucks take that job
Veterans deserve better. We should create opportunity whenever we can.
IME vets, rightfully, get a leg up. It's why vet status is on every job app. whether it's being used truthfully is a case by case basis
The real problem is capitalism!
Wow did you get a headache from that high powered thinking?
Cheap jobs
You would make an incredible president. 2020.
She is a terrible person and will never be president
Dare I say duh?
And build our highways and train corridors.
Slow day?
The haters are out.
