but unfortunately if Mick and Tom demolish the budget, they won't get paid
Bad news Libby, agency is over staffed and full of pork and fat!

Obama intel agency secretly conducted illegal searches on Americans for years
http://bit.ly/2rf85XT  
Can you put that in Cherokee
Know what would be better news? You resigning.
So Why is @realDonaldTrump Slashing the Things that help the poorest of Americans while rewarding Welltodo Families With Paid Leave #NoSense
Dear warren engage in et alien disclosure you have attended bilderberg meetings why does only the elite get to know the truth we are not
Alone in the universe or galaxies will it be up to Putin to be the disclosure leader or are American politicians going to engage in the
Truth humanity has a right to know their our galactic families
Good work Senator. Now vote against the HACA and to change that heartless Trump budget.
Oh good, but for an administration that claims to care about American jobs, they don't seem bothered about saving other important gov jobs.
The government is inefficient.  They need to be out on 401k retirement plans like the rest of the county.  I'm tired of paying!
It could be less so if investments were made in areas that most impact quality of life. Govt. jobs matter, but funds are misappropriated.
Thank you Senator Warren for fighting for us little guys I consider myself a little guy because I pay my bills paycheck to paycheck thank U
Because even more government is good for it's citizens... /s
#dncFraudSuit  #SethRich #debbie4Prison
Wow so you waisted all that time bashing Trump sad....
Better check with potus
Losers cant face the fact that Trump is the most powerful man in the world. I love it. Libs are finished
Technology is doing all the hiring gov still hiring illegal immorgrants @SenWarren @US_FDA @SenateDems. @SenBernie. @CNN
But will their funding be slashed & their duties taken away in the flurry of EOs from Trump?
What day is the election in 2018? I think you should have a countdown ticker that lets us know how long until we vote you out.
That makes me feel so much better.
Let's just hope they cut the workforce by 30% and get rid of career trough feeders
Thank you President Trump!!
Plz look closer. Hiring freeze "lifted" @ other agency & replaced w/onerous Trumpite approval process with impossible requirements.
Anything to go against Trump. Warren is so anti democracy, anti American, racist.
This is what happens under Republican control. The country is once again moving forward instead of backwards. Thank you President Trump!!
Thank you @SenWarren
We need to shrink the entire federal government by 50%. FDA needs to shrink by 60%.
His name was #SethRich
That's what he thinks! He's not dealing with Obama! There's a new U.S. Marshal in Washington D.C. now!
See, I told u not to worry
Oh great more freeloading government employees when is enough for you miss big government all you and the Dems want is to tax tax tax
Just budget cuts.
Did Trump get sick on some food and decide they were a good idea? Its all about him.
Sure you don't want to tweet about it just one more time?

wish they could get  rid of Warren  That would be a happy day
I wish twitter would get rid of no follower Trolls with no picture
Boy, things just changing right quick around here lately.
the Democrats think they own the American citizens paycheck!!
No that wud b Repubs who go golfing every weekend on the taxpayers dime plz put down the pipe so u can clear ur head of the nonsense in it
Most Government departments have to many employees that don't do their jobs.
Thank you Commissioner
Stay strong Elizabeth,fight them tooth&nail
Bad news:  Trump adminstration is still around
A great president thank God Hillary wasn't elected
If anything good comes from Trumplandia, it will be work that gets done because the rest of us figure out how to work around him
Good for you Senator. Now that is the definition of getting something done in the Legislative Branch.
Yes the @US_FDA is very important and what our government does best in protecting the US citizens.
Yeah, that's the good news. The bad news is they'll be Trump appointees.
If we are lucky it will be
Yay more government workers
Good news!
We call it corn, you call it maize....
That is the good news, the bad news is the only person they are allowed to hire is Jared.
Because nothing is better than bloated federal government that is $20 TRILLION in debt!  Hang on to yer #Bitcoins!
You literally Tweeted that this was a concern and problem, just 30 seconds ago???

Is that an attempt of setting yourself up with answers?
BAM!!! KICK HER IN THE BALLS!!!
So they can continu to footdrag and delay more approvals
Yaa! More government jobs!!

