OMG SHUT UP. YOU'RE AS WHINY AS YOUR SNOW FLAKE FOLLOWERS. (Don't @ me)
your the one whiny, listen and learnthe truth snowflake
and you need for ego to be stroked is unbelievable not for all human rights are you
what do meant (not all human rights are for you)
are you okay cuz it sounds like you're having issues I asked you what rights you don't believe I should have
whose lieing now?
@linda_wed1 @SenateDems Yes, insist on answers! If the won't answer,  vote NOPE! #TheResistance
Reasonable? You have to show up to ask questions
unreasonable is huge pay raises Mass pols feel entitled to
The Democratic Party taught all politicians the art of lying; and you are the Queen of it
Give it a rest Lizzie , America didn't elect the Republican Majority because they trusted Democrats !
Lies? Then bring back barry and hilliary to explain their lies, perfectly reasonable, RIGHT?
why do you lie?
please go away now. Democrats lost and can't handle it
thank you Elizabeth! Please don't listen to the haters! They all project what they do just like their demagogue
No not right!! You Dems don't like anybody Trump has picked and thats not what I call fair.U LIBERALS make me sick!!
@bri_randy @SenateDems You did not stand on these standards when HRC lied, rigged primaries cheated on debates! She is a Democrat
Keep up the pressure.  The time for being nice was over on January 20th.
- There must be a law in the books  that all of the lawyers in Congress can find to stamp out present chaos going on!
LET us ALL have you explain why YOU LIED regarding your own heritage!  Pot calling the kettle black.  Liar, liar!
Let's get YOU in the hot seat so WE can understand WHY you LIED about your heritage and what benefit you derived!
Ms. Warren, you are so correct. I am so glad I did not vote for Trump. 
Stop worrying about being reasonable with those who have abandoned reason. it is time for courage.
publicly apologize to the native community for FALSE heritage claims& retract your minority status IMMEDIATELY.
yes it is
hypocrite .. please explain why you didnt disclose your million $ credit line
Sure once You start explaining all your past lies sound good?
- reason is out the window our SCOTUS seat was stolen and the election was tainted - get out there and FIGHT
You stole your own election, thinking you had it in the bag, elites snobs, lost and pay the price
Can you please stop screeching so much? I'm embarrassed for you.
as a matter of fact, no they cannot. They are representing their constituents!
What does that have to do with screeching like an injured bird?
It's MUCH better than Trump snorting and sneering his way through an incoherent rant!.
no it isnt
Now you want to talk about lying.
what do you call a one party state, the word keeps escaping me?
Absolutely!! FightTheGoodFight
RIGHT
RIGHT!
This is an illegsl VOTING






good job. Keep it up
Bring Hillary before a jury and have her explain why she lied!
But the GOP doesn't care if they lied. They have bought the agenda hook, line, &sinker. Throwing us all under the bus
maybe dems should not walk out and do their job.
Perhaps we should bring u in on your lies, eh Fauxhauntus?
reasonable and responsible
It's not reasonable when you reject every single nominee.  Try being an American first and a Democrat second.
What about your lies?  Stolen seats& Indian heritage......typical lies from you. Remember Biden speech on court? I do
Totally!
.@SenWarren @SenateDems real q: what are procedural rules for if they can be changed without consensus from Congress?
They've lied to Senate. There shud be legal consequences. At v. least, flor debate shud hilite lies & provide answrs.
so Killery needs to return and explain again. Alllll her lies. She STILL has blood on her hands from Benghazi! Gitmo
Very necessary,forget reasonable.  We need to thoroughly vet these nominees and should not settle or allow unfit ones


@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue
how do you stop them from ramming it through like they did Commerce and Health?
Trump is unstable and a danger to America. Impeach.
You first!
Many have before, yet voted in and promoted.  Frightening!
YES.  Stay focused!  Same standards apply to nominees as the average US Citizen.
Thank you Elizabeth for your leadership. Keep it up!
this is the time. Do not back down. GOP didn't budge in 8 years. Thank you @SenWarren  lucky to have you as my Sen.
good job
It makes absolute sense to me.  What kind.of moral compass do we have if we don't stop putting up with this crap?
Absolutelyright Sen. Warren.
Fraud Trump nominees are just Disgusting! Trump is simply Un American!
@GideonHenry @SenateDems it's way past time for you to go back to your teepee #Fauxcahontas!
definitely reasonable!
- AGREED!
You had DAYS to ask them, but you all played hooky instead. So, no, not reasonable. Not anymore. @SenateDems
the republicans woke up a sleeping giant. The people will protest and resist everyday until what is right is done.
.@SenWarren @SenateDems Why aren't more people upset that the @GOP seems to have forgotten this is a Democracy with rules for a reason!
So, Sen. Warren what's your lie? How about the American Indian legacy you falsely claimed and benefited $$$
run if u can but concentrate on midterms
yes
can we ensure the Dems will be present at all time congress convenes?
you lie everyday!
Nope, perfectly unreasonable.  An omission is not a lie, its an omission.  Consult a real lawyer.
#presidentdonnie you'd think that was a reasonable option, unfortunately the Republithugs only want liars like them
Yes, perfectly reasonable. Thank you for standing up for justice.
Absolutely Elizabeth!  Thank you for all you do. I DO feel better knowing sanity is not all but lost.  
they lied in your opinion. They didn't in others. That is why we vote. HC lied and you had no problems.
@SenateGOP Agreed. But apparently GOP is power drunk, will change Senate rules first.  Go ahead, go nuclear.
@AltDptEducation @SenateDems you are not dealing with reasonable, need to get unreasonable 2, in big hurry.
no votes.  Period. Not a single yes.
- why don't you tells us more about LIES, Pocahontas. 
@bechey @SenateDems there's nothing reasonable with you guys lately!!
Good idea. Lets hold all you politicians to that standard. What a wonderful world it would be.
what is it with spineless dems supporting Trump's nominees?  Deplorable
Absolutely reasonable!
Yes. Get some balls or get out of congress!
YES!! Hold these scum accountable!
thank you!!!
Eminently reasonable. Which the Republicans these days are not.
They lied because they Can. Republicans Don't Care about the Truth . Trump doesn't either.
stop acting like children that just got spanked!
need 2 run strong candidates in 2018 & take back #Senate at very least. Where's @marcorubio dissenting vote 4 #Devos
Perfectly reasonable if you're not a #Republican There seems 2B nothing reasonable about #GOP anymore. Will keep 
Perfectly reasonable
Silly Senator. Republicans don't lie or cheat or plagiarize or try to suppress votes or discriminate... [/sarcasm]
I guess you regret voting for Trump's nominees now, right?
Indeed.
I don't think they should have a second chance --BECAUSE they lied. Smh #whyIMarch
YOU ALL ARE GOING TO SELF DESTRUCT!! IMPLODING AT ANY MINUTE! TRUMP VOTER'S &. FOLLOWER'S GO BY THE LAW
RIGHT!!!
@thewomanwild @SenateDems just when I think you get it you over think it. Ugh
Who R U asking? The average IQ in the US is 91. I am not being funny 23% votes for an idiot 46% stayed home.
You lost electionS because of this type behavior. Please continue until midterms so you completely implode!
exactly because we can not add liars . There's not enough fact checking to go around .
with this new administration lying is the new truth.
Thank you.  Your hardline progressive action is necessary and I stand with you.
Focus on bank regulators who lied to you and the American public. What do you hope to accomplish?
...........Very reasonable. Keep up the good work. #ResistTrump
I wish my Texas Sen & Reps where as strong bold as you. They vote for the opposition or do nothing. Dark days for Tx.
Yep
What has been reasonable lately that you expect past precedent to work? Are you still a buggy whip manufacturer?
please
when are u guys gonna learn? Stop talking and do something!
hate to tell yall this but u guys are outmatched. Yall trying to play fair while the #GOP is doing whatever they want.
yes please!
NO to Republican SCOTUS! #Impeach45
is there no way to stop this insane person? So hard to believe no legal way? We are doomed
Let me repeat. I never sent nor received ANY classified information
Again I thank you for never giving up. You are giving us hope and strength #Trumpocalypse
Keep the pressure on -- Dean, 02459
Right on Warren! Don't give up, you are awesome! You're a champion for democracy
YES!!  Thank you!!
@JJohnson2u @SenateDems THANK YOU! When you deal with rats you gotta get gutter lowdown and dirty! We love you
Thank you for not sitting on the sidelines wringing your hands while sipping your latte.
@bsnbrysp8 @SenateDems unfortunately you guys aren't working with reasonable people
except the repubs don't like the dems using the repub playbook from the Obama era.  Karma is a bitch, ain't it?!
YES STAND STRONG
please stick to your guns on these! They need to be made to answer to it or withdraw their nominations.
right! Why did they lie?
ABSOLUTELY!!!!
you are such a predictable do nothing politician. The will of the people should rule not your partisan political ambitions.
@Mrs_VictoriaBJ @SenateDems Absolutely, Senator!
Yes, Senator. How can our Dem Senators halt such destructive actions by the Trump/GOP regime?
They can't be reasoned with. Vote no on everything. Step up. Fight back. Stop the NWO Trump is ushering.
Right!
evidently not in Trumpistan.
DON'T VOTE, DON'T GET PAID!!
leave the davis-bacon act alone do not pass national right to work law
Yes, absolutely!
Reasonable is no longer in some peoples vocabulary!
Dem's willing GOP not? Democrats see themselves with average Americans not elite. Average American equally important
RIGHT
Right, Senator and Senate Dems. It's great to see y'all showing some spine.
if Dems. suggested that both houses should prepare to accept the same Health Care plan as populus.
Perfectly reasonable if one has integrity. Republicans turned Dems. into enemy of Peeps. Wonder what would happens
REASONABLE has ti many syllables for Trump and Bannon
it would seem that lying is no longer a disqualification for a federal office holder...sad day in america
@nastybluewoman1 @SenateDems  thank you for fighting relentlessly, tirelessly, Senator Warren!
you betcha!
and what did you lie about? There must be something.
Thank you so much, Senator Warren. I wish even one person in the Iowa delegation had your guts and brains. They don'
Right! Good luck, they don't know the difference, just #alternatefacts @SenWarren @Jaxgma3235 @SenateDems
weren't you pretty upset to have @HillaryClinton brought back in to explain why she lied?!
Lying has been normalized by this administration.   Call them in it every chance you get
@HEINSLERJAN @SenateDems if Thier not properly vetted, holding back Thier background info.then they don't get cabinet position !!
Yes, we are behind you guys!  You must be strong, we are watching and want you all to fight!
try some of this...
Sure is, Geronimo.
very reasonable
