Lady! He’s a busy man. I’m sure you’ve never seen one. But he will get to it. On another note. Should’nt you retire?
You are still attacking the messager.  When your president doesn't one single positive message!!!!
If you stopped parroting what others say and speak for yourself with some intelligence about what is REALLY going on, someone might hear you. As it is.. no one is listening because you're just a repeat of what every other liberal is lying about.
If that was directed at me then you must be a liberal. I suspected that we were both on the same side though, apparently I was wrong. My tweet was for the one that calls herself a Senator but is nothing more than a parrot.
I apologize, i misread the feed. I thought your response was directed at my post.
Not a problem Angry40s. I got your back any time. #MAGA
Pocahontas doesn't care about Americans she is Fake
And you are just another deplorable racist!
Joseph. Why would you respond to a post about two women who are harming democrats as well as republicans by accusing the poster of being "RACIST".. when you use that word in response to everything it only proves you don't know what it means.. and makes you appear stupid
Well seeing how I do NOT use that word to describe everything. (Typical trump flake fake news) calling her pocahontas is racist!
No one accused you of using "that word" to describe everything, It was a hypothetical. Congratulations you know more about liberal stupidity than U do about what's actually being posted. The women are NOT discussing racist. The post was NOT about racism. So? Why you use "racist"?
Do you understand my statement? Apparently reading comprehension was taught on a day you were out sick!  Cling senator Warren pocahontas IS racist! He says it in a derogatory manner!!
ahem. Senator Warren is a woman.. not a "He" and the "deplorable" you were tweeting about isn't a senator..
My post was a direct response to the post directly above mine!!
Is Dem #POTUS Had Committed As Many "High Crimes And Misdemeanors" As @POTUS45__  Would Have Been Impeached First WEEK!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
They tried to impeach Clinton for way less than trump has done.
The only thing that's been done is the Democrats have created crisis after crisis, fake accusation after another and Trump just keeps moving on, doing what needs to be done and ignores all the stupidity. He has a country to run.
Pretty hard to run a country when you are too busy divisively tweeting and playing golf to be an affective leader!
I would imagine that not unlike other government officials he probably has several aides that tweet on his account and not every post is coming from his fingers. You really shouldn't assume that which you do not know for fact. You could be very wrong, most assumptions are.
Nope Trump does his own tweets! He does not let others on his twitter account!he has already stated the tweets are all him!
But I thought the liberals said he lies
He does, an average of 4.5 times a day according to bi-partisian fact checkers!!
NAFTA is what brought about the North and South Drug wars across the border when the cartel were battling for control of entry points. WOW.. and you want to keep NAFTA? Are you losing your mind?
Let's Face It. He has done Nothing for this country but strike it down to it's lowest. @realDonaldTrump is UnAmerican.
You must be sleeping again, like before 911. That's not a good place to be when the unexpected happens., and then there are those of us that seen it coming. We didn't know what it would be, but we knew it was inevitable. We watched what Clinton was doing and seen his set up
Wouldn't that be refreshing!  How about DACA?  How about a ban on media adds for prescription drugs?
Look at Clinton's record NAFTA, DACA, Amnesty, Credit and Commerce.. BCCI,... global initiative, clinton foundation.. he's not doing it to help people like he claims.. but for votes. he cares less about you. he wants to stay in power & needed the votes any way he could inc popul
People in Puerto Rico are dying.
They usually do in hurricanes
All your tweets make me think you are no better than all the things you say about Trump- you are a hypocrite madam
The US is 30 yrs behind Canada in worker safety & benefits and enviro protection. ie, 1 yr paid maternity can be split between parents
Clinton enacted NAFTA to help working people. Repukes have steadily changed it to help corporations. It's a huge job to fix! Thank you!!
Clinton enacted NAFTA to help the drug cartel in mexico. if you only knew, you wouldn't be calling your fellow Americans 'repukes'. They obviously know a lot of things you don't and are trying to stop the Clinton Global Initiative, that is a play on words
Ms. Warren I not admire you, but I admire how you are trying to help this nation that is in turmoil.  Lock Him up.
Lock him up? Clinton is long overdue.. so yeah.. #LockHimUp
Expecting trump to do anything to move this country forward is a joke. We need to take action and contact our reps.
You are a typical militant #THUG Senpai
How am I a militant thug? I just encouraged people to contact their state reps regardless of political posotion.
I'm sorry - it must have been your mask in your picture 
Okay? I wear a mask. I think is cool. If you conceal carry does that mean you plan to rob or kill some one? Wtf is that stupid logic?
Unfortunately the ANTIFA hides their identities in the same. Most Leftist fear confrontation unless incognito. I'm sure you are not there
Also, I think Antifa has their heart in the right place, but are the worst people at their job. I can't stand them.
NAFTA is what Bill Clinton gave the Mexican Drug Cartel. You are in government I'm surprised you didn't know that.. What is wrong with you?
If sen warren ever had a good thought .. she kept that shit a secret
That's a strong statement...but then you are a fine upstanding citizen.
work a full time job .. work multiple side jobs ... help people when im able .. harm no one.. thank you for recognizing that
I am sorry. That was an insensitive thing to say. I'm really not that rude.
im more offended you apologized .. bring it in group hug .. come on warren and trump also. all hands on deck .. trump im grabbing your butt
Don't get me wrong. I'm not going to beg for your forgiveness. I'm not sure where you're coming from but have a nice day.
Means I didn’t care u tried to insult me
Hmmm, whatever.
Fix NAFTA? How about repeal it?
Start with raising the minimum wage.  Wage stagnation is causing the extremist wave.
Get out of the way maybe something could get done Pocahontas
Its time to impeach!!! When is enough enough Senator!!??? Start the process or explain why you wont/cant!
Shut up trot you huge cry baby
How about ALL of us taking action. Congress is with Trump. It's up to us! Deal with it!
As a Canadian I see that Trump is trying to destroy NAFTA and will destroy millions of jobs in the USA in the process. We can always find markets for our resources!
Lower poverty rate and record low unemployment, what more do you want? What have you done?
Time to act,  Fire tRump & his slimy cohorts before he destroys America! 
#ImpeachTrump 
#Save_America 
#WakeUpCongress_DumpTrump
NAFTA can't be fixed!!!! Unless, of course, if we pour more money into it.....
Because people like you wont allow it
So full of  ms Pocahontas
Let's impeach him!
Pocahontas, democratic deal nafta so bad could take yrs to fix! Get over it!
@realDonaldTrump  is the only person in Washington following through. You are nothing but an obstructionist.
Ever think of the possibility of working with the man instead of against him?
I think that is his point. Congress needs to get their act together and start doing the right things for America.
Not gonna happen. Get your combat boots on! It's up to us.
And you're not filling your promise to adequately represent the will and wishes of your people
Oooh, don't hurt Monsters feelings like that...oh, wait. He doesn't have feelings. Carry on
What, did you say congress get to work? That's never happened before what the heck! I can't wait to see that happen!
They and you had 8 years to do something about it and now you recommend this can be done now. What changed your mine.
Alot of promises will go unfulfilled by @realDonaldTrump is not a leader, but a BIG MOUTH BUM. All lip,NO ACTION in Amercia.After 2018, @DNC
Don't wait that long. I promise he will do irreversible damage! Do it now!
I agree...you guys sit around and complain alot  Do something for the American people other than waste our money
laws not this orange Julius.
Refresh my memory on what the Constitution says about branch responsibilities. Trump can propose til he blue in the face Congress makes
Elizabeth.... what have you done lately?
How long does it take you deadbeats in Congress to pass a law much less make a decision? Can't wait to see your lying ass kicked to the curb
Impeach?
I'm ready to impeach him. A little help help here?
Soooo suddenly you think NAFTA is a issue? Why suddenly, where were you on this last year? 
Wonder how he defines the word "promise"?
He promised to build a wall and get illegal criminals out the country. Both are happening cry baby
Dems need to keep track of all the crap they will have to UNDO when 45 is gone in four years.
What has Trump kept his promise on? Excluding racism and making his friends richer and more powerful.
He lost his pal in Alabama and lost Obamacare
Where we can reach out to Congresses on this site via Twitter? Many thanks! 
PUERTO RICO!!!!!
That will be the day I will circle on the calendar the day congress does any thing, because of democrat foot dragging.
Its time for CONGRESS to kick TRUMPS ass out of the WH. What are you waiting for???
I'm with you! Let's get more citizens that know the people are going to have to get rid of him!
Well if you guys would obstructing him so much he would. We know the game we know your lies and your manipulation
No, he is to busy tweeting crap. Why deal with issues when you are President when you can cause trouble instead and tweet all day?
Yay,  yes, get rid of the millions here illegally,  get some jobs back

What's new about that? He hasn't followed through on anything that would help average Americans. But he is helping his billionaire buddies
Other then job growth and stock market both on the incline, but I guess that isn't good enough.
so, Elizabeth Warren's action is?  here's the record: voting for wealth transfers, taxes, inflation & debt, % weakening America's defense.
He's too busy making America great again if you know what I mean.
Yes please take action and #ImpeachTrump
How can u even mention promise and trump in the same sentence
Because you lying pieces of shit wont let him do his job, fuck you time for u to be out of office
Unfortunately he isn't following through on anything...also, fortunately he isn't following through on anything!
A politician not following through on a promise...omg I don't believe it. This never happens! (in the most sarcastic voice ever)
Congress take action!!! Your joking
Trump broke the law when he used his influence to threaten to get the players fired. He MUST be impeached.
That's the LEAST of his transgressions. Yes! He has to go!
Of course he’s not! He’s failed to meet job requirements. Anyone else would have been fired by now. #Trumpresign
Yay! Someone that sees the mess we are in!!
Don't you get tired of just talking. Congress doesn't do anything else.
Yeah, all of you need to wake up and start doing your job!
Also too busy trying to shift focus off #TrumpRussiaCollusion
He isn't following through on anything. Too busy trying to destroy Obama's good work, provoking racism and a war with NK.
Not sure what is worse- his agenda or his blowbacks! #UnfitToBePresident
What a surprise.
No, because he's too busy picking fights, ragging on the NFL, and the only ones getting jobs are lawyers! P.R. is suffering, Trump ignoring.
NAFTA is a failed Clinton Crime Family legacy
He's been busy fighting with the NFL.
So lizzy. What do you propose?
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
Didn’t your side get mad when he said he wanted to scrap nafta?
When will the republicans put on their big boy pants and get this man out of office.  What have they done in 9 years? Nothing!
Pssst. Congress is on his side.
we don't need him. Can't you originate bills in congress?
Has no one figured out yet that tRUMP can NOT multi-task????
SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS SAYS HE CAN! HOW DARE YOU INSULT TRUMP'S SURROGATE BY TELLING THE TRUTH!
How about we 1st focus on PUERTO RICO for a minute.... AND RUSSIAN thievery of the election, get him OUT before he destroys us all ! ! !
He doesn't make laws.  Why are you lying to the people?
#news #breaking #nafta
@Resist___45 @realDonaldTrump NAFTA is not repealed?
Take action instead of talking.
He's really busy harassing black athletes, praising Nazis and giving the Kochs everything. Pls call again soon. Tx, Ivanka
He's working on it. I see what you're doing and when you try to steal @POTUS thunder by taking this negotiating tool from him. #wontwork
Whatever Elizabeth
Hahahahaha you had how many yrs and haven't done shit but when @realDonaldTrump  want's to do something !! Now u wanna yap yap yap !
And you think we are listening to Phony Boloney Warren!
NAFTA is not the issue here. Fixing NAFTA would hurt more working families than it would help. Time for retraining for the 21st century.
Just stop the witch hunt already!!! Good Grief!!!!!!
Congress hasn't taken any action in quite some time. #WarrenFranken2020
He's busy fixing all of Obamas bad ideas and problems.
Please senator, do not tell me you were fooled.

Of COURSE he isn't following through!  He just babbles, spends too much time at the golf course, tweeting & doing campaign rallies
Yeah I know Elizabeth the Democrats I have a Flawless record for keeping promises. What a joke
You think you run things and tell the president what and when to do things hahahah
Shut up jezzz everyone wants something so quick till it ends up like Trump care. Shut up slow your role and see what happens.
What do you call Tax Reform
To be fair @realDonaldTrump is still working on how to tie shoelaces so he's pretty busy
Congress??.....action???.......right
Yes it is. Please do something
Go back to your reservation. You're starting to sound like a cackling old hen
What about the previous 8 yrs congress did not step up.
Good luck with getting congress to take action
He doesn't know how to work
No, he works when he wants something. It's telling the truth. That's what he doesn't know how to do.
Ya think!
Give the guy a break, he's been busy with the NFL, Nazis and Golf 
Heavens no!
Where were u when democrat degenerate clinton signed it? Hypocrite much?
There's a shocker. lol
Democrats have not thought about working families for the last 40 years. Pocahontas, you voted in favor of nafta. Fence jumper.
What significant action has congress taken in forever?
Y'all should work. We as your employer demand it. Work for ALL not a select few.
When does he ever follow through with anything besides insults?
Wrong. The obstructionist democrats like you are trying to steal the issue. Libtards lies don’t work anymore
So right...Trump is too busy tweeting about the NFL
Surprised? He hasn't followed through on anything.
What Congress going to do? Curious minds want to know.
By which you mean impeach Twitler, right?
NAFTA shouldn't exist countries should agree to sell each other stuff without tax or tariff that way it's cheaper and people buy more duh
A little pushy there aren't ya ? The man has Ben busier than any president I have ever saw I mean the natural disasters .......
Job growth?

Job market?

Um, you are disconnected, get plugged into the facts ma'am!
Isn’t this congress’ job in the first place #FecklessCongress
' Elizabeth, Trump just protected your constituents from radiation treatments from North Korea ! Have a glass of wine and take bubble bath!
It's long past due for Congress to do ANYTHING.
Can you explain to me why it took only 2 days to get to #REDSTATE TEXAS,but #PUERTORICO     it's been a week and counting!! UNACCEPTABLE! !!
Geography?
BULLSHIT.  We have military planes that carry cargo and can land there from FLA.   There's not 1 fucking excuse!! Not 1 !!!!
He says, you know it's an island, in the middle of the ocean. Idiot man
Oh yes he is. You don't know what your talking about.
If Donald Trump found a cure 4 cancer the Liberals would make sure that it never saw the light of day because of the hate they display 4 him
As far as Congress taken action on behalf of American workers they should have done that a long  time ago.Please quit campaigning Elizabeth.
More disingenuous BS. It was always Congress' job to take action. You know that. Why not tell constituents the truth. You're a grandstander.
Can you please stop talking.  You care only for yourself and votes. Not people.
Would be nice if you socialists would do something beside bashing POTUS and acting like 12 year olds.First I've heard you wanting to do work
Sitting squaw. Nobody likes you or listens to you.  Go back to teepee and eat cheese
We love our #GEOTUS
I can't remember you keeping any promises , Senator. And you have been on the job longer than the President
Fixing #NAFTA requires u first identify what's wrong with sufficient detail so fix & metrics can be proposed. Do the homework
It's time for Congress to IMPEACH!!!!!
Cause he's UNFIT to lead this country.
Stop blocking his every move and maybe we can get something done for the American people. Term limits for all of you.
Bout time you did anything
Donald trump should be impeached or removed due to unfitness he doesn't even know his wife is standing next to him.
Impeached for what?  
Being awesome?
Unfit?
Maybe about 30 pounds.
Hasn't it always been Congress' job to take action. Nice of you to join the empty rhetoric game. Try to stay awake.
you can probably forget election 2020 (class A)
You are not following through to work with everyone for the people that put you there. But thay ok the people can take you next election
Laughing my ass off! LOLOLOL HA HA HA HA HA LOLOL LAUGHING HA HA HA HA HA HA LOLOL LAUGHING HA HA HA HES A JOKE
I'm sorry for your loss, it's not your fault, things can only improve from heee.
Get him Liz!
Nice pile on tactic.  Go to sleep where you're the most productive
Like #Impeach kind of action?
You need a refund on that edumikation
The bigger question is why haven't you done something about it.
No.... its time for a brand new Congress and Majority leader
Congress needs to get to work, have been on vacation half of the year
He's also not following through with this oath he took
Warren the loser
Fire the racist
Liawatha smoking big crack pipe!
oh stop with your sudden issue with NAFTA. You've always supported it. Your fakery is showing again.
And get rid of him!
Get lost, Elizabeth Graham.
Impeach!!!
@realDonaldTrump doesn't follow through on ANY promises to the citizens ONLY to those who pad his pockets or to whom he owes money
Yeah Russia is winning bigly
Good luck Pocahontas 
Stop your race wars & blame game.  You are OUT PERMANENTLY 1/9/2019. 
Tick tock
He's far too concerned with spinning up his ignorant base trying to bankrupt the NFL so he can buy it cheap.
And that's one of his less invasive actions. Contact the political people to help us, if you can trust any of them. A country divided...
Trump is too busy calling black athletes SOBs and the kkk, Neo Nazi and white nationalists 'fine people'
Wow! What happened the last eight years?
Do away with NAFTA.
Please. Please. Don’t take any more action. Just pay for all the action you’ve already taken.
It looks like congress would of started to take action a few years back and we wouldn't be in this horrible mess caused by them. A tad late!
Yup! Let's get OUR big boy pants on and run him out!
He's busy trying to figure out this Atlantic Ocean thing...

He's too busy tweeting about the NFL
DITTOS
He's spending all his time tweeting about the NFL. Did anyone really think, even for a minute, that he would EVER act presidential?
Such a liar. He has people negotiating w\ Mexico & Canada.  Try telling the truth!
SENAT YOU AND ALL THE DEMOCRATS HELP THE PRESIDENT! IN HIS EFFORTS THE PRESIDENT IS A SMART LEADER !WHO KNOWS BUSINESS ISSUES !HE IS WRIGHT!
Congress is who screwed the nation with NAFTA in the first place. Please stay away - you'll only screw it up worse.
You can't trust a grifter.
There are more important things going on in the world right now. Liberals are always trying to stir the pot. I suggest turning on #FoxNews
Nafta negotiations are not going very well at all
Maybe you should stop obstructing his appointments and help instead of putting party before country
Senator, did you get your honorary Native American Participation certificate yet?
Congress taking action is a contradiction in terms #pocahontas
He sure is but you know that. They've been in negotiations and are still negotiating. That crap works on people who would vote for Warren.
Well good luck, they can't seem to get squat done.
If you jerks would work with him and help him get some things done, he would get on it.  Can you answer this Pocohontas
