oh stop your hysterics, Liz. She was appointed by the previous Administration. It's customary for the new 1 to choose his.
Keep on beating the shit out of @POTUS, @SenWarren.

As it happens, Trump violated the constitution with his EO
I did not defend the EO.
That's correct. Still, she took an oath to uphold the constitution (which she most certainly did), not President Golden Shower
my post to E Warren concerned nothing more than her hysteria over the actual dismissal of the AG.
I kinda like that about her to be honest.
The 1967 Status of Refugees Protocol (of which the US is a member) even goes on to say States can't write their own rules
What a horrible decision. Women are leading this revolution & trump will be defeated by Women, watch..#ThankYouSallyYates
Lol. Only mentally ill women. The real women are ok. Oh & Screw Islam Mohammed was a pedophile
Anyone w/different views than you is mentally ill? Do you hear yourself?
No that's not true. Open your eyes. The tolerant left is far from tolerant
What? You just said only mentally ill women were Anti-Trump. You're not making any sense.
one of the speakers there was in jail for kidnapping torturing and murdering a gay man
Take your meds, these responses are like ramblings of a meth addict. One of the speakers *where*?
At your lovely march. You're.clueless
Medications could slow the process but he cannot be POTUS. Not safe for him or America.
That should be unacceptable to the entire @congressorg . Impeach Trump please. He's out of control.
Wrong! That bureaucrat was fired for insubordinate actions in deliberately refusing to enforce a legal executive order.
She swore to uphold the constitution. She doesn't have to obey Trump. She doesn't work for him. #LearnMore
Incorrect. She is an executive branch bureaucrat who unilaterally decided to change policy - an insubordinate act
Wrong. #LearnMore
Wow we really need to do better at teaching Civics 101 :/
Right? Trump didn't even know what the Geneva Convention was.
and I bet u think it covers terrorists.
I bet you lose a lot of bets. You should be @ing Trump to explain what the Civil War was about.
Thats his call not yours.Define the POTUS and she deserved to be fired.Wasn't defending anything but herself.
.@SenWarren Let me repeat: You supported a corrupt candidate for @POTUS that is so widley hated, she lost to Donald Trump. This is on you.
because all politicians are such saints Hillary was pretty much the devil (sarcasm) They both sucked but trumps worse
@afluharty28 @POTUS it was neither illegal, unconstitutional, or immoral. And you're a bonafide liar, Pocahontas. Go away.
It wasn't illegal, but it's not holding water in court. 
because the court is wrong. Most left-wing activist circuit. Will b overturned like 80% of their rulings.
But hey, instead of making something legally sound, let's whine about it on twitter.
or both
Because he's so level headed and follows sound legal advice. #seemslegit
whay are you going to do about it?
What is being done about this? Found J Sessions video during her conf hearing ironic. Asking if she would say no to Prez
Sessions only wanted to make sure she'd say no to Obama specifically. R's get to play by own rules apparently
I'm excuse me but it was Harry Reid who changed the rules.  Wrong on facts as usual.
I no longer engage with new egg accts such as yours. Have a good day.
Not yet
please file and push for impeachment
No, he fired her because she is an idiot who disobeyed orders.
illegal, unconstitutional, & immoral..the new motto of the US...smh
you had better shut up or you're going to end up back on the reservation
glad he did fire her new boss in town deal with it
@DCharlieJP @POTUS.  #fakenews
Wrong again as usual, Lie-a-watha. He fired her for being a Dem shill incapable of doing her job. Like you.
something drastic needs to happen and quick
stop @BetsyDeVos  she is a terrible human being to líder education
Checks and balances matter.
Just think what he could have avoided IF HE HAD CONSULTED HIS ACTING AG... clearly he is not competent for his role!
and cause she was Obama's AG, so really no surprise. It'd be nice to hear a Republican speak and see how @POTUS reacts....
@MrsKellyPierce @POTUS for refusing to defend a PROBABLE , POTENTIALLY unconstitutional order.  Go to court, get a ruling.
They did..they ignored it
I see federal rulings and some temporary injunctions, but nothing from @Scotus
They are coming up with legislation now to vote on actually
all I'm saying is until SCOTUS rules it unconstitutional  (and they will) it's just wishful thinking
No - it you who are out of line
So what areYOU going to do about it?
how are you going to make him accountable for his actions?  #ImpeachTrump
we remain part of the struggle for justice
The exec. branch is tasked w/ enforcing the law. So, the pres. is the top law enforcement officer. Even my 7th graders know that
shocker
You could finally move to impeach for Russian connection, ethics violations, business conflicts. Investigate and litigate
Let me point out that a GOP-led Congress tried to impeach a POTUS for getting a blow job but ignore treason
Will you ask Gorsuch, a constitutionalist, how he would've acted in the same situation as Yates?
- So then why are you not in more of an outrageous with your colleagues than what we are seeing, Elizabeth.
disgusted by this
then why have a Supreme Court we have a Obama appointee decide
@AnonyOps @POTUS He fired someone that refuses to put American lives first. Take care of our own kin before others.
Then why are you voting thru this fascist's nominees?
@justinejoli @POTUS Nothing illegal, U should be ashamed of way you're acting! Work with the President, help make America great!
how can I work with @POTUS when he stands for unamerican things. Take your white privilege and sit on it and spin. #blocked
You see, U have no idea who I am, white privilege? 
I'm Spanish Dummy.
I don't agree with U, it doesn't mean I'm a nazi!
Let me repeat. You and the rest of your pals are panicking. Because your free ride is over.  You're a joke and a liar
the joke is on you, but you are too naive to see it.
ok. Lol
WHAT?

What an insult to Native Americans!
Fauxchahontas offends ALL of my sensibilities! ! PI
what can be done to overturn EOs? Tweets are not enough.
In 8 yrs get your nominee elected.
Why is it not possible for you to lose GRACIOUSLY?  Seriously, you are only damaging your party. STOP, before nothing left
donald is more interested in protecting us vs. allowing unvetted people in to our country. #MAGA #masa #AmericaFirst
http://www.dailywire.com/news/17942/trump-wins-supreme-court-tosses-most-injunctions-ben-shapiro …

Not so "unconstitutional" now, is it?
Stop lying to everyone. Do something constructive with your time to help America instead of the crap you keep doing
A classic example of blindly seeing what you want to see and convincing yourself it's real. Simply out of touch.
not illegal, '93 Clinton pitched and '11 Obama enforced #stoplying
@TheRichWilkins @POTUS correction Senator Warren Pres Trump fired a democratic.AG hasn't anything to do with firing but politics
so what are you saying?
read the tweet. Dems not angry because of the act of firing Yates but because she is a dem
Start impeachment process now. What are you waiting for?
Immoral? most certainly, unconstitutional? possibly, illegal? Nope :(  Written into law in the 60's.
no offense mate but I'm gonna go with @SenWarren knowing more about law & politics than you
I don't agree this is being used correctly or in the spirit, but for reference:
It was not illegal, it was not unconstitutional.Yates betrayed her country and broke her vow to her country
@ohiomail @POTUS while refusing to fire his Treasonous National Security Adviser & lying to the American people #Flynnghazi

lies! Sad. #FuhrerTrump
just think four years of this kind of bull shit
thought she** was a nasty word for a Christian let alone a pastor to say
@kellyg1160 @POTUS
#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates
#HeroSallyYates…
@dmikeyanderson it is not illegal as per 8 US code 1282. Look it up.
dual citizens are being detained, permanent residents are being detained, it's illegal.
Hearing lots of info so did #factcheck-most is false. Dual citizens & permanent residents NOT affected.
The President & AG swore to defend the Constitution. That's actually defending it, not ignoring it. Putin would do that.
Bull shit. These Dems are acting out.of self preservation and greed.
what are you going to do about it? I hope there is action and not just talk.
No action. He did nothing wrong.
blah blah blah @SenWarren should be arrested for inciting riots and violence towards Americans. You will never agree with @POTUS EOs
#BLOTUS's symbolic act shows disrespect against our country, our constitution, and our women in power. Rip him up, Senator
@PenlandDeborah @POTUS time to vote all republicans out of office
Ma'am, please do not retreat. Please fight and obstruct and keep democracy alive. No more "yes" votes, please.
Tell me, where was the outrage when Obama did this? Anyone?
you are so right Senator Warren. We're proud of you for taking a bold stand!
@cnbintucson @POTUS is he able to fire a federal judge?
Nope. Judge can only be removed by impeachment by House and conviction by Senate.
once again I say THANK YOU FOUNDING FATHER'S some pretty smart guys
Yes hopefully smart enough to defeat even a president as bad as trump.
its so sad  as long as you be the yes man you good once you dont do what the Donald want he get mad
fired a outgoing official waiting for a replacement who decided to try and grandstand no-one is fooled.
Oh yeah, why is the Judicial and  Legislative branches no longer listed on the Whitehouse website??
how is ot illegal?   When Obama did it to Cuba becore he left office it was legal, or in 2011 against Iraq..
Your point.....? He got elected, that is the most outrageous thing yet. POTUS is allowed to fire her, right? #FRIGHTENED
hope somebody is keeping a list of this for history books.
@AnonyOps @POTUS drumpf out, Warren in.
It's not like we do business w/ these countries that are run by ISIS and Iran's terrorists regime Iraq/Syria we are at war
@sobernhappy @POTUS what are you going to do about it? We're watching and not pleased. We expect a lot out of you. #resist
Repeating false statements doesn't make them more truthful.
You would not have fired him, right?
Well, that's what you get for being lazy and not running for president yourself.
it's legal stupid!
except it was entirely legal
You mean the shorttime Obama leftover who was leaving soon anyways? Scoring political points on the way out.
@ponynurse @POTUS that was a very brave and honest move
go do something worthy of our time would you?
@AnonyOps @POTUS Then Senator, I implore you, begin the process. Remove him from office before he does something we can't fix.
@SizzlerKistler @POTUS two words, impeachment, smartish
Repeat it enough and maybe you'll believe it.  Though you treat us as such, the people are no longer asleep at the switch.
@robynbdixon @POTUS shut up
what're your u gonna do about it?

when do impeachment proceedings begin?
@realDolnadTrump @POTUS ........I thought it was insubordination?? O you mean in your twisted mind ?
@AlyssSteph @POTUS that's an absolute lie.
Immoral on who's account, someone that doesn't have rights here or the US citizen killed by terrorist - anti-American
Didn't Yates defend Obama's secret kill list of US citizens without trial or due process??? Tha'ts ok, but not a temp ban?
fake news from a bitter angry woman
although Trump is in this office he is not a POTUS, does not have qualifications or leadership skills to lead this country
The firing itself looks highly suspect. Abject letter. Replacement pops up and starts issuing statements. 

@SenWarren @POTUS
so what laws did he break?
BS! She was fired for not being willing to carry out a legal/constitutional order. You're off the reservation, again!
@jhaletweets @POTUS Ever wonder what his end game is?
Obama did nothing to fix it for 8 years. Rant about that.
What is being done about it? Why was Tillerson approved? WTH is going on over there! Stand up and fight this bully!!!
@DianeNeal @POTUS dig in...dig in deep.  The same obstructionism they used should be used on them...
She took oath to defend Constitution NOT Donald. HITLER used trains and Donald used Planes. No warrants.HOSTAGE taking.
keep @ them Senator
@HarryBoomer19 @POTUS It legal, constitutional and protects our country. Harry I'm ashamed of you. But sure you don't care.
Firing for doing the right thing is not only evil, but is a closer step to Fascism.
DOJ OLC signed off on legality and constitutionality of Exec Order, other than that....
Trump is just doing the liberal thing, to save the US experiment from drowning.  Enforcing laws is not wrong.
this is not true. #fakenews
Let ME be clear.  It is NOT unconstitutional or immoral!  What dems are doing is! YOU'RE putting us at risk!
@SarahJReports @POTUS ok snot head
how is this true..when Obama did the same thing with Iraqis in 2011? Where were you then? Obama admin came up with the list...
don't you wish people even cared what you think ? U secretly want Trump but put UR whips/chains  & handcuffs up , no chance !
Elizabeth Warren for President, 2020!
Wrong!
teach @POTUS what putting America First really means.
she brilliantly orchestrated this. Now everybody knows her and she got to be a martyr for the left.
We are tired of your type Senator Warren. Your talk is cheap, you put on your game face but you don't produce
@PrincessBravato This is so serious an offense, I don't see how it's allowed to be legal. Are all ethical gov officials powerless
some leftist echo chambers on the go over here! Why dont you take your head out of your asses, and start using some logic.
when you didn't back Bernie you showed political cowardice. McGovern Democrats!
Trump is the most hateful vindictive disrespectful & childish person ever to hold an elected office & has no regard for the Constitution!
Why are you lying? You know damn well the immigration refugee law give the Prez to shut out any foreigners. #FedUpWithYOU
I know this isn't a very functional thing for me to say - but could you tell Trump to pull his head out of his ass?
@katebetts we  need you to remove this illegitimate potus now. Impeach
I am so scared to be an American right now.
@JerryLingle @POTUS Except its not Unconstitutional no matter how many times people keep saying that, worse when Senators do...
wrong
get Congress fired up, party lines b damned, & take back the government. Too much abdication 2 exec branch. W/ SCOTUS 2 reign in
They knew she would.
Senator Warren - you kick ass.  Thanks for looking out for all us - not just some of us.
Actually, it wasn't illegal because it's NOT A MUSLIM BAN!
it is not unconstitutional illegal is illegal or did you not learn that word in school
He FIRED her for insubordination and not doing her job! She is NOT part of SCOTUS.THEY determine constitutionality
State your citation Senator. You can't...you should be fired by the people of Mass...when they wake up.
maybe she was fired because she abdicated her obligation & should have resigned? #uknowbetter #panderingforvotes
@spacenettle @POTUS and therefore you will block his EVERY future action? Right?
He thinks *he* is in charge of the law. That would be Congress & Court. It's a little thing called the Balance of Powers!
Lizzy, that illegal executive order you are referring to was REVIEWED and APPROVED by that ATTORNEY GENERALS DEPARTMENT! LYAR!!!!
that was a really sad moment to see someone fired for putting thousands of people before her.
I can't wait until you are running for president.!  You are so feminine and tough at the same time.
@MerileeEaton @POTUS The American people would rather not hear from you Liz.
If she felt that strongly, she should have resigned. You refuse to do you're job, employer has right to fire you.
@YogaMoony That doesn't bode well for any chance of impeachment since 
he controls even the justice department.  Lord save the US
THANK GOD PRESIDENT TRUMP IS A SMART MAN!!! NO BEATIN' ROUND THE BUSH!! MS WARREN TAKE NOTE HOW TO GET THINGS DONE!!!
@NikkiGlaser @POTUS Sound good to me Elizabeth 
But if Sessions makes "promises" to you like Ben Carson did, will you approve him too?
incredible isn't it? Where are we??
Damn Skippy he did. There is a new sheriff in town and his name is Donald Trump.
& yr voting for Carson as @NancyPelosi talks about enlightened corporations & Adam Smith's invisible hand #Mayday
Congress was created to prevent a king and defendConstitution.
And your point is that #potus shouldn't have fired her simply because she was trying to protect the constitution? Nonsense
All I can do is make sure any congressional member in my district knows wenwill vote them out if they aupport the dictator
.@debbi_grogan @SenWarren @POTUS Good idea. Vote out those stupid democrats.
I live with 2 Republican senators and one is up in 2 years.  He will go down like Trump, who won't make a year.
. @SenWarren We understand what happened. We don't understand why Congress refuses to ACT.
@AnonyOps @POTUS and just think, if the @DNC didn't rig it's own primary, We probably don't have trump in office.
this is more than amateur night at the circus! Bannon is leading #couphappening and must be stopped
Truth is what we want not unjustice! #SallyYatesIsAHero
your opinion is not supported by the legal experts. That position serves at pleasure of the President.
when do the congressional investigative hearings begin?
AGs job is to support the U.S. Constitution. NOT the President.
Btw , POTUS is TOP law enforcement officer, genius
"@SenWarren @POTUS His reason 4 ending policy, " it was from another era, we can't treat Cubans better than any other refugees". No outrage
I always Liked Joe! If he had been candidate Dems might not have jumped ship and voted GOP!! Y'all a bunch of babies
I love you. Keep fighting. This country is ours.
She was FIRED for NOT following the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, DIRECTIONS! He was her BOSS!
You should have stopped at unconstitutional because that is where an attorney would properly stop. Facts not emotions.
IRRESPONSIBLE SENATOR FUELING CIVIL WAR ??? WERE IS OUR ALLEGEANCE EXACTLY ??? OBAMA 6 MONTH REFUGEE BAN IN 2011 NO FLAME
what is wrong with him, need to get him out of office!!
