Of course he will, he's a thief take health care from Americans, steal a Supreme Court Justice pick.
no it is not up to you.We want so badly to vote out all democrats you are all http://corrupt.You  hate this country and people
#Trumpcare is a death sentence.
Call your Senator!  Take Action!  They can't push this #WealthCare crap through if we get involved and make our voices heard! 
Ok. I call on Senator Warren to take the DNA test sent to her by V.A. Shiva to prove if she has any Indian blood in her as she claims!!
The American people have already voted with their feet. The ACA is over and the government can't do anything about it
Pocahontas Warren Refuses Brilliant "Troll Gift" From Her Senate Opponent http://truthfeed.com/pocahontas-warren-returns-brilliant-troll-gift-by-her-senate-opponent/87351/ … via @truthfeednews
If the GOP spent as much time trying 2 improve the ACA & serve Americans as they have pushing their immoral crap plan we'd hate them less.
They should tour a skilled nursing facility. These people will not make it a month without Medicare. Now what? Zero options left
He knows how to game the system.  This is where they should vote their conscience but he'll get them to vote the party line.

Trump is mad now. So he's taking it out on us. All of us.
Lizzie.  The affordable care act is unaffordable. You gave free things to people that we can't afford to fund. I'm tied of supporting lazy!
Of course he will. GOP mindgames. They are ALL onboard. Trust me. They want a "victory-gasm"...2morrow they shall have it.
I'm quite sure he is cash bribing. Money talks with these 
No lizzy you are part of the losing team remember or are you senile? Lets see you are how OLD. Poor pochantas bad memory, HAHA
Sucks to be the minority. Focus on coming up w a message to actually win an election.
How about releasing an alternative bill to the public?
We the people demand you take the #ancentrytest
REPEAL Obamacare and Make America Great Again
If we leave it up to you Elizabeth we become Venezuela.  You are socialist through and through.
.@SenWarren, if Atty Gen's can block a travel ban that threatens Americans, why can't they block a #HealthcareBill that threatens Americans?
What about the largest class action law suit we've ever seen?
Good repeal it....it's garbage
You lost, get over it.
These GOP guys are greedy and selfish. This isn't making America great at all.
I threw something at my tv, it broke. Now i live stream the news from my phone. I blame it on Trumpadinkbingdonk !
You got to LUV Senator Warren !!!
You lost so many elections lately you cannot do crap. When you could you gave the middle class obamacare wealth redistribution plan STHU
He really is an evil person. Absolutely no concern for MILLIONS of people. It's breathtaking.
He's buying votes.
They will bully the senators that are on the fence like they did to house members  when they didn't have enough votes
No!!!!
God I hope they never get those votes if they want to remain a Senator! Are any of them up for re-election in November?
Do you LISTEN to the people who you are SOPPOSE to represent, not just who you WANT to???? BC it doesn't LOOK like it.
McConnell says"they must not delay,they're gonna get it done 4 t/American people" Don't u mean"to"t/American ppl?Ur doing ths"TO"r country!
Calling but no one is listening.
I don't believe they'll get the votes they need ever until they start working with the Democrats.
REMEMBER ONLY A SIMPLE MAJORITY IS NEEDED! THANK HARRY REID FOR THAT! I'LL THANK HIM INSTEAD! U GOT WHAT U PAID FOR! CHEW ON THAT!
And as we said during the election, repeal and replace!  Pocohontas is a nut.
One thing is certain. ACA needs to go.
Why don't Ds use  a sound bite- like the bill kicks grandma to the curb to die- like the effective 'death panels'-Rs used?#HealthcareBill
Seems like progressives and democrats need to work together, If that is possible. @SenSanders @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @DNC @DNCWomen
He can't do it. I won't let it happen.
It is up to you to find something better than Trumpcare and ACA.  Not just be voice of protest.
How can we stop corrupt #MurderTurtle @SenateMajLdr when @realDonaldTrump is literally threatening @SenateGOP with blackmail?
You work for us, @SenateMajLdr and you're doing a crap job "protecting & defending." This isn't over #SaveACA #resist #StopTrumpCare
People need to hit the streets, the capital , the white house, townhalls, 4Jul parades, wherever GOP congress mbrs are. @TheDemocrats @DNC
How much have big insurance companies given to these senators's campaigns?!  We need to go to single payer and get these insurance co out!
Yes and he is using our tax dollars to bribe senators.
Yup, bribe, wash, repeat.
Dems still trying to keep worst piece of legislation ever passed. What's their thoughts when it completely collapses on itself?
Time for @senateGOP to come out of hiding and to work with @SenateDems to come up with a plan to fix ACA. #saveourhealthcare
He is Amoral!  He needs to retire!
Wonder if it will be through scare tactics? Lets keep on fighting people.
still up to you to Obstruct!!! We know the game!!
Just like Bernie talking about socialism while he fills his pockets.
You could care less about Americans healthcare as much as having gov control over it.   So you can dictate what tax payers get and pay for
Your just like obama that pretended to sign up for Obamacare   It's offensive   And your just as offensive as he is
He sure will///he will use his usual cons tricks such as bribery and money or threats and intimidation.  His plan will cost grandma over
I don't understand strong-arming Sens to vote for this wildly unpopular legislation. Why not look at ACA from all sides/find fixes together?
But seriously, you need to step up your game when it comes to foghting this thing. Go low. Scare the crap out of people.

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
they will do it ..... and maybe those Trump supporters will figure out that they voted for this .
By bribing?
Yes, according to what I've read.
It scares me how blind some people still are. One man was so anti democrat that he did not care how the aca actually even helped him.
I asked what about a child who is born sick, should the child die? He said yes!
Can we get the votes to repeal him?
STFU Pocahontas!
the GOP are stupid to push #trumpcare. Nobody wants it!
thats why you need to go !!
Oh great Elizabeth Warren to the rescue. Where were you when it really mattered?
#toolittletoolate
#shouldvebeenBernie
#hindsight2020
I wonder who he's going to bribe next.
Actually, Elizabeth, it's up to you; work those backrooms like Teddy in the old days. Hold your colleagues accountable!
nasty woman
Would be smart for your fucking neolib friends to offer an actual plan to FIX ACA!
Nothing is up to your side anymore. You have had your time & wasted like our tax dollars. The people have voted Rep president, house & senat
You need to stop spreading fear and hate.  Take a DNA test!
Heard you defended preemies, finally defending babies. #defundplannedparenthood because that baby moving in your tummy isn't alive.
Time 2 Address True Drivers of Health Care CO$T$
Pharmaceuticals MONOPOLY PRICING
&
AMA's Price Setting RUC & RVS Committees
Legal Extortion
Curious... Every #Dem I've heard speak acknowledges #ACA has problems, but I've yet to see any present their own plan. Did I just miss it?
Also working people shouldn't have to pay for someone else's way its a form of slavery
Now its time for you to be cast aside and to be abandoned and left to die maybe you will understand what coal community's are going through
Every day, all the way Elizabeth.  We shall not give up.  We Persist. Folks, keep calling Senators and House Reps. Both chambers matter!!!
You cry about losing your free handouts. You took from coal community's and abandoned us now its time for you to get what's coming to you
Let's get involved
In coal community's people lost their jobs and homes and what have you democrats done to help them? Nothing so I don't want to hear
Would've been nice if you democrats would have worked this hard to help coal community's instead of destroying them and abandoning us
We've only won a temporary reprieve
Like Russia & the Terminator
They'll be back!

Call your members of Congress @

       (202) 224-3121
Absolutely
How good is your healthcare Liz?
Oh yeah,  how much does yours cost?
Here's a thought ! You know better? Then help with your ideas? Oh that's right you don't have any
No he won't I h
he also stated he would not work with dems..jack ass
We can call we can show up but most of all we need to pray cuz GOD greater than them.
Ready here
Someone please tell Senatemajldr that trumpcare will cost us more money.
My senator is @SenToomey . We all know where he stands. What other GOP Senators should I contact?
Getting ready to buy votes
Constituents and Governors will see to it he won't.
And the reason for change, go watch VP tweet on meeting he had today.
Go team!
Dems draw up ACA improvement plan put it out there: public option: buy into Medicare over 55, talk to bernie
Make up your minds are you seriously wanting to protect a failed policy more than get it right.  How horrible
Yeah! You did such a wonderful job last time. Not.
Dem's are going to lose again BAHAHAHA
You need more republicans on your side- publicize what and who you are approaching.  Publicize who is turning you down
POCAHONTAS GO HELP YA FELLOW NATIVE AMERICANS, YOU FAKE,PHONY AND FRAUD...
Priebus stated on CNN today that they would use slush fund to buy votes next week to help pass HC bill!
The senate maj ldr is as crazy as trump
U people are obstructionist! U people are choosing not to be part of it! POTUS can have the best in the world, and u would be against it!
Got it
The bribes are coming. I just know it.
He's of single focus. He is obsessed. What a loon.
#Resist
Dems must mobilize base&millennials to vote 18- must Clean House & Senate too- for real investigations to begin& get traitors out of D.C.
Forget health care! Get rid of Trump!
What are you trying to "save"?  A failed system?  You don't make sense!!  Explain what is up to you?
@SenateMajLdr is out of touch with reality! hurting the very people he's supposed to represent! Guess he likes killing his constituents.
Waiting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Repealing Obamacare will save me $4600 per year.  Why do you hate me Senator Warren? Why do you want my kids to die?
McConnell will get some votes through intimidation and threats, or he'll simply bribe others like trump does.
That bill can never be passed because it has everything abnormal in it
GOP wants to stop companies from living & profiting from the govt gravy train. Stop subsidies, open state line for insurance is the answer.
Not if we ALL JOIN TOGETHER & TELL OUR CINGRESSPEOPLE TO VOTE NO!
OK, maybe YOU can hear Me! I have The SOLUTION!
The American HEALTH Act! #AHA!
Sounds like a good reasonable plan.
#killthebill
What's his plan? Have @realDonaldTrump pay them off or beat them up? Turtle is intentionally trying to hurt or kill Americans! No shame!
#NotMeUs
They are insignificant. GOP has majority. Conservatives want Obamacare to fail and free market.Bill will have to really change,to get them
There is no medical plan thats affordable at this time, Obama care is the zombie care act nobody, gets care they can't afford it
#Resist
How is it up to us???  It's up to the 5 republicans who vote no!!!
Turtle  Mitch  retreated back into his shell to scheme against the American people some more. Maybe he can compromise and get 20m off HC.
@SenWarren they're not repealing the ACA, they're gutting Medicaid through tax cuts! Make it a talking point!
My premium went up 300 a mth this year! U all r crazy!  Senator how's your healthcare bill?
GOP's been wanting to repeal ACA since Day One. Repeal effort has *nothing* to do with health care, it's all about sticking it to Obama.
You are RIGHT ON !
Here's how he can get more votes he can gfh
He is what's wrong with America
Death Care!
He is going to bribe them and 23 million will loose health care
Watch out for the baseball player, he may just take your job.
Stop trying to screw up Medicaid for people with disabilities . Rich people don't need more tax cuts . So many disabled folks depend on this
You have nothing to say about it, thank you Harry Reid. You know it's a huge failure and really look stupid for supporting it.
Thank you for your service @SenWarren
Why do they obsess obout repealing don't they know they would be hero's if they just refined and made it better. Soo frustrating
Y'all are on your way out anyway one by one
Yes finally someone with some sense!!!!
Present an alternative bipartisan healthcare bill to Americans. Work together for all Americans, not for political ideologies & donors.
Mrs Warren. It is up to the American people. Obamacare IS failing. You will be held accountable. Get to work.
Affordable Care Act what a joke who the hell can afford it
Please tell me again why you bailed out the banks???? hmmm can you say kickback
I'm willing to stop all my meds to save one of the lives they are willing to kill! I just need 6 ms and no Meds to prove it will kill me!
