more bullshit
Yeah like you were a lot of help. I call BS on you and your lies
There is no help for young working Americans or the middle class who subsidies others.  We need affordable health care.
My 29 yr old son gets subsidy, but his job is crap. I see your point, but answer this:  How will Graham-Cassidy bill make it any better?
Not sure it will, but what we have has hurt to many Americans. Let's try something else & see if it works.
If it won't make it better, how can you risk it? Sure, let's try something new, but let's have that plan FIRST before taking away the now.
I would really like to afford health insurance for my family.  W\ present system can't.
I went ten years without ins with thyroid, asthma and MS. With present system I actually have a chance to live without pain everyday.
I am happy for you just wish my middle class family had equal health insurance. We don't.
And what feature of this bill makes you think you'll see b something better? Even Gingrich thinks it will crash the market.
Well I think people need to get jobs just like we have too. We work, nobody helps us
I don’t recall them saying “good luck”.
If they have good jobs with benefits, they will be fine on their own. Stop bitchin for the lazy
you mean like your King Barack has done for the last 8 yrs. Pocahontas?
Please keep pushing to defeat this bill.  It is just as bad as their original one.  Thank you for fighting for us.
Raise State taxes and pay for it your own self.
We are really going to miss a 5000 deductible
it's a death sentence for Mary Beth https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1498435970187888/?pnref=story …
We are already got that. What's new with medicad? No choice.
its unbelievable , nobody even knew such a horrible bill existed a week ago
Why are they so excited about it? How can they hope to pass another piece of trash bill that kills people? What the hell is going on?
We will be destitute and we will die without access to affordable health care.  It is genocide of the poor, sick, and injured.
What did you do for health insurance before Obamacare?
2) constant pain and/or being constantly ill, faced bankruptcy whenever they absolutely had to seek health care (cont'd)...
Kevin how about answering the question instead of giving the typical talking point recording
I gave you a straight answer.  Why can't you come up with an intelligent response?
Gov't needs to get out of the healthcare industry, they never run anything correctly, overspend, corruption & create dependency
Okay, then let’s close down the interstate highways, weather service, the FBI, FAA, SS & Medicare, worker safety laws, and all nat’l parks.
Blessed are the poor, so that we may take full advantage of them to  benefit our Rich & Powerful Donors- Luke6:20 (GOP  version)
stop taking money from lobbyist and i might believe something you say!

Lindsay Graham makes it very clear that busineeses are more important than people
You got THAT right. Mega corporations get more breaks than the middle class. There was a time when they paid for healthcare and retirement
We had good health care and then black mussllem and band of shi't eating democrats fuck it up
don't worry, Senator. Your buddy @SenSanders will fix that. He's the great White Hope of your party, right?
Looks like you and some of your colleagues dropped the ball when you went chasing after Burnie's unicorn. #Dont
Rent don't buy & Get ready to move to a state w covg for your illness - right @SenRonJohnson ?
What are you doing about it?twitting?
That would suck majorly for @TomiLahren then, huh? She wouldn't be able to subsist off her parents' Medicaid...
@accebersmith 
Yay and with all of my cool new diagnoses after I finally got healthcare under ACA I am gonna be completely uninsurable!!! WOOOHOOOO!!!
In all seriousness an amend needs to be introduced that ALL elected officials are covered by this law. Should make some R's rethink support
We should be on our own in purchasing health insurance.
Why does the fed. Gov. need to get involved in our helath decisions.
You forget that "Goverment help" is actually the peoples money from taxes.
So gov. help really does not help anyone.
The government should not be in the business of helping people with their HC.
There are only a few areas where we want or need gov. "Help"
@SenCapito are you supporting this?  Seems kinda rushed and sketchy.  Hoping you'll oppose graham Cassidy
WE HAVE JUST DAYS
Call 202 224-3121 & follow instructions-Leave a msg. Switchboard open 24/7. 
TEXT 50409 for bot to send free faxes
Thank you for keeping up the fight!
GOP - What's a few million American families deaths each year, actually it'll save more that can go to the 1% 2 support their life style.
Disgusting!
I guess GOP thinks the reach need another yacht! Keep up the good fight against #Trumpcare #GrahamCassidy or whatever they call it
Most people before ACA were one bad diagnosis away from bankruptcy due to medical expenses. If bill passes America took giant step backwards
Shut up. Really.
My GOP Senator is Cory http://Gardner.Got  over $150,000 in insurance company contributions. How much did others get,Senator? Find out!!
Horrible.  May they burn.
Don't just wish us "good luck."What are you, personally, doing to convince your colleagues to vote "no" and not accept bribes to vote "yes"?
Vote NO
I'm just an average citizen , but it is simply amazing that any senator who votes for this will be able to be reelected
Half truth, money given to States they will provide the help.  Do you have ACA Senator?
That's the same as killing people.
#Trump the westie to Sen. Warren problem much worse. need 2020 candidate who can inspire unite & none in sight. if Top Dog re-elected doom.
We r calling & writing all r Senior & Reps. It is also up 2 r leaders like u, get busy & do all the wheeling & dealing 2 stop this.
Healthcare without preexisting condition coverage is no healthcare at all.
American health care was better before obama care and government interference.
Keep fighting
are you lying again Elizabeth?
The California Medicaid expansion covered 12 million  people (1.4% noncitizens). Sign up before Trump rolls it back.
Give followers action points. MA folks, if yr Senator is a NO, reach out to friends in other districts, tell them make the call. VITAL.
Would be great if every tv network showed a number 4 ppl to call right up until the vote @abcnews @NBCNews @cbs @pbsnewshour @cnn @msnbc
It just shows the Repubs low regard for their base....
Everyone should be free to die in the streets! Except the elderly. If you make it that long you should get all of the tax money.
@GeorgeTakei The Repeal & Replace crowd are relentless. It feels like every week they propose a new way to get rid of Obamacare
UN stated to Pres & Reps this was a Violation of Human Rights!

Dump profeteering Corrupt Trump Pence all GOP Dem Reps voting for ACA Repeal

I'm so pissed with Dems right now. Putting on That sham Medicare for all side show while they let the GOP destroy the ACA.
Bernie hated the ACA & did this on purpose. M4A bs has nothing to do with the painns will feel in the realtime not unicorns of the future.
God help us
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy 
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy 
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy
From the same guy who was "bothered" by all the Russia news. He didn't do anything about that & now he wants to look strong w/stance on ACA?
Some1 PLS convince @SenWarren 2 run 4 Pres! People If u want CHANGE then hire a WOMAN! There's a big bully needs his ass whipped by one!!
I bet all of this "cut back" is for Tax Breaks for the 1% rich...
Am I right?
RT & Like if I am...
#TheResistance #Resist @TheDemCoalition
Senator, please run out the clock! Don't let this bill pass.
For people who profess to believe in Creationism they certainly seem to practice Darwinism, i.e. Survival of the fittest.
makes u wonder what would have been mcconnel future if the gov had not pd for his treatment
Call your Congress/Senators at 202-224-3121 or text RESIST TO 50409. All day today. I have and so should YOU!
That's the GOP state of mind #YOYO =You're On Your Own  Thanks for validating! Feel free to use it! 
We must stop this
I went on every republican senator's site and wrote in their comment's section. Remind them we're working nationwide for candidates.
..... #regularorder
...and yet Obamacare was a failure and none of the Dems tried to fix it.
Ya winning
And Obamacare eliminated affordable healthcare for the middle class.  Gone by you are own your own.
Better than today's bill
Shut up GrandMa. I will NEVER vote for you. #LIAR #Hack  Vote @DiehlForSenate .
Free Market
"Good luck on your own"? That's how it should be! Stay out of it.
Please remind me the health insurance you and your family currently participate in now, and in any future bills?!?

You should've thought about this before you pandered to Sanders & hijacked the HC conversation.  

Or were you too focused on the optics?
I'll take care of me, you take care of you, I'll keep my hands
 out of your pocket, you keep yours out of mine
DJT & GOP Graham-Cassidy bill, sabotages Amers hc--steals ACA funds to give richest 1% Amers tax breaks--& gives DJT "win" offering--NO VOTE
Genocide.  Enough said.
That’s how Congress will fund #TaxReform Punish Americans so that corporations can profit.
@SenWarren Senator, can we sue Trump for this? This is gross negligence by Trump. I've seriously bad it with his rhetoric and BS.
Overall, Republicans have no heart.
U eliminated that help when Dems tabled #publicoption and you still are. you can't fool all of the people all of the time. UR just as guilty
@SenWarren. Are u awake lady?  We are already on our own with Obamacare. Nothing I need is covered. The deductible is so hi its like no ins
Been on my own for years. Some people just need to grow up.
Can we have the same insurance that you get?
Never in 55 yrs did our family plumbing business guild the lily in favor of us better than or entitled to more than our work crews.
The problem is, we have no mechanism in this country for punishing an entire political party when they commit treason, do we?
I believe the GOP should get the death penalty for this. The party should be banned from running candidates for at least 2 election cycles!
Why??? What the hell!!!!
We CANNOT let this happen!!!!  Call your senators tell NO!
ACA Now, Single Payer Later.
READ THIS!!!!!   Do not weep >>>>> get out your phone and make calls!!!!!
READ THIS!!!!!   Do not weep >>>>> get out your phone and make calls!!!!!
Cruel and inhuman
Hi
My grandson and I are going to die. He'll turn 8 on New Year's Eve, I don't care about myself. Save him though, please!!
I can't promise what the outcome will be, but #TheResistance will do everything in our power to fight Graham-Cassidy.  Call your MoCs.
These crappy healthcare bills have caused me so much anxiety. They just keep coming with this horrible stuff!
Another in a long list of really stupid plans .
GOP is digging their own grave,passing universal healthcare can only be done on a partisan basis OC is an example of that
Just following those good Christian values Conservatives r always claiming. Oh wait "u can't love God if u don't care 4 ur neighbor"!#frauds
Not U with ur Cadillac health plan sitting pretty in ur ivory tower liarwatha. Your hippocracy insults all Americans. Enjoy while it lasts.
A fine example of dumb shit legislation. Where exactly do these ppl come up with this crap? Are lobbyist that stupid? I know many reps are!
Thanks and good luck to you! But of course you don't need it cus I pay for ur care on top of my familys care
Senator, I really hope you can look at the Australian public/private hybrid system. It's not perfect but it's functional and maybe feasible.
PLEASE please keep giving them hell, Senator! We simply cannot give up in the fight against these thugs.
Republican family values
Please keep on fighting for us all! So proud! 
Not to mention kills Pre-Existing Conditions, Guts Medicaid and Eliminates Planned Parenthood funding @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Bye bye, Obamacare!! Fauxcahontus is a liar! And Barak gave all of those lousy Dem "lawmakers" another option than what they gave US!!
We must jam their phones!!!
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields.
Seriously?! Leave our insurance alone you jerks!
Time to take back our government, in force if we have to, from these corrupt white supremacists.
Yep. So maybe get Sanders to back off on his horrendous timing for pushing #SinglePayer at a time when he KNOWS it can't pass.

Because why strive to help one another in this life? Selfishness is our undoing.
Quick Question: Will the Democrats or Dem PACs run ads non-stop about this this week?
@berniesanders comes out with a Medicare for ALL plan, LIES TO MILLIONS abt how it's better than employer pd insurance and NO PLAN on HOW TO
PAY FOR IT and NOW it's fodder for the R's to garner SUPPORT to once again THROW MILLIONS OFF INSURANCE THEY NEED! GET SANDERS IN LINE FOR
GOD'S SAKE before they REPEAL ACA!!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy, with POSs like you, who needs enemies?
Whatever new healthcare "plan" the cruel @GOP pushes, those senators should be forced to use. Full stop.
He is such a big bag of !! Thank you for fighting tirelessly, I'm sure exasperated..
Has anyone asked them why they are so fiendishly diabolical?! What the hell kind of emotional void dwells within their empty husks?
#MAGA!!!
That's not a good thing, senator. A whole bunch of republican senators and representatives need to be replaced.
I'd like to ask @GOP (who get FREE health care) WHY they don't want ALL Americans to have GOOD AFFORDABLE health care? Pls RT

And yet these republican congressmen expect us to pay for their cadillac health insurance which they get to keep for LIFE.
I survived childhood without health insurance...   I only had to go to the doctor or ER when it was absolutely necessary.  Good times 
Thought I was done calling senators. Sigh. Better charge my phone tonight
Yeah cuz that will really help
Well, Doll - It is your job to get your cohorts 2 stop the train wreck.  We call, write & scream - U R in the Capitol. Get 2 work
What's the point in having it (and being forced to have it) if they just deny every claim?
WTF????
Congress of Deplorables
Absolutely! 

Whole congress is pathetic!  Sorry to say this but it's the truth.  The aim is to screw little guy. Congratulations! Mission accomplished.
And the rich get richer...
If all you senators were using the same heath care insurance  we citizens are on I bet we'd all have better heath care!
I want whatever health plan Graham & Cassidy  and Congress are on. If good for them,  then good for the rest of America!
Good luck?  Hello?
Because big government knows Americans can't take of there selfs #warren= Soviet Union god help us all if this our future #nannystate
O Pocahontas, Malo anu omwe akunena kuti anzeru, aphungu, mudzasankhidwa posachedwa!
That is the motto of all of these GOP proposed healthcare reforms--"good luck on your own"
My son would have to wake every morning in fear, not knowing if his diabetes will cause his insurance to raise his rates due to the 2/
pre-existing condition.  It's hard enough trying to budget in the high cost of insulin.  He and I both know neither of us could afford 3/
increased premiums on top of that.  The living in fear each day that you can't afford to keep yourself alive is something that should not 4/
be acceptable for our politicians to promote. How can people be so cruel.  He is a good son...a good man...and deserves to live without fear
I'm physically ill today over this. We are about to go on ACA and have a special needs kid. We will lose everything after 25 years of work.
So basically, since my husband lost his job 2 months ago, we will be losing our house or go without health insurance w a special needs kid.
Tell you what Laureen, tell us the day that your special needs child is turned away from medical care because of your "lack of insurance"!
So get on with pushing for single payer. Please.
Please Senator, withhold consent on all Senate business til Oct. 1. With no debate required this time, it's our only hope. Lives at stake!
US need a single payer system and good work on grilling the crooks at the insurance companies
That is the rich person's way to do things
You can NOT let them take away my ACA.
Lindsey Graham is an evil little man.
Good. Thin the heard.
Make Graham-Cassidy et al, enroll in the same crappy insurance they are trying to foist on the American people.
Just say NO to Graham-Cassidy their silk purse really is a pigs ear.
Compassionate conservatives, right.


This is a cruel bill being pushed ahead by cruel people. Must be stopped before vote at the end of September.
If they could find it......!00s of 1000s have lost that ability with Obamacare...and millions had to buy some crap policy they didn't need
So WhY is @SenJohnMcCain on board again ???
What makes such evil concoctions from American people happen??
GET ON IT @MoveOn @IndivisibleTeam @emilyslist LET THE COUNTRY KNOW WE ARE CHALLENGING ALL 217 HOUSE who repealed our #Healthcare @maddow
Yeah,  because personal responsibility is sooo terrible.
Please don't run a negative campaign on this!
Then I guess they really are delivering on their promises.  Keep FTGF.  Fighting the good fight.
Keep fighting!
We cannot have a successful, thriving country without a healthy, productive workforce.  Lack of health care will affect ALL of us
@LindseyGrahamSC  shame on you!!!
ACA is already doing a good job of that
We must also deport all illegals, and all illegal children of illegals, all must go!
Rally the citizens, stop this nonsense.
Have u seen the price increase on the market place. If the government would get out of healthcare we would all be better off on our own
Why are the republicans so uncaring??
Not true
I am so tired of worrying that the @GOP is going to take away my healthcare. Why are they so vindictively heartless?
The earlier versions of #Trumpcare didn't hurt enough people. They keep making it worse to gain Republican votes
#GrahamCassidyEugenics is the actual, full name of the proposed Bill.
Please run for President!
