And Secretary DeVos made it nearly impossible for student cheated by #4profit schools to ever get out from under their massive debt burdens.
Keep up the great work Senator Warren the Aclj got caught taking these Tweets off in dirty play @ACLU @RepAdamSchiff @MaddowBlog
We need to teach civics and citizenship in schools full throttle. We all need a common goal. This nightmare could have been avoided.
Philosophy. Always, philosophy. Every grade, all ages.
Critical thinking and reasonable discussion leads people to choose what to believe or not to. True faith is chosen, not indoctrinated.
Based destruction of civil rights laws ..exec orders it's CLEAR Trump HAS ONE AGENDA......Destroy all GOOD THINGS Obama did to help us.
BAHAHAHA!  Running our national debt up to 20 trillion dollars is NOT a good thing neither was the failure known as Obamacare.
This is among many other wrongdoings. She's unfit to serve a diverse population of students. Worst elected education official.
This is how abuse has become rampant in private schools, boarding and treatment centers.
Hopefully when trump is impeached every one of his picks will go down the dumpster with him.
No that's what your job has been, how did you get so rich Warren??? With the income you make from Senate & Harvard it don't add up..
She is a walking crisis in her own right!  These MF are dismantling years, and years of progress.  We will have to start over! Get them out!
It's heart wrenching
Do some research. Compare pre No Child Left Behind and post NCLB. As an educator, I know more than DeVos. She paid so she could "play".
As a teacher I will keep fighting for the Educational Rights of all children with disabilities. Our children & our country are worth it.
Thank you for fighting for disabled children like my grandson!

Really, your a damn liar!!!  Search your soul liar and ask for forgiveness and or be prepared to answer your maker on judgement day.
She and this this idiot administration are breaking our country
My mom was a victim of such a scandal. The college she took loans from was also swindling the government and when it got shut down 1/
The gov didn't get all they were owed back in settlements, so they decided to pile interest onto student debts in order to get it back 2/
I'm not sure. Either H.W. Bush or Reagan
Not surprising. She is a person who made her fortune from a pyramid scheme and was appointed by the Trump University king.
Didn't you make 400 grand to teach one class?
Congress needs to get every last one of them OUT of the White House. They're trashing the country, our legitimacy is permanently damaged.
This Congress full of unscrupulous, illegitimate Repubs elected by gerrymandering, suppression & brazen cheating, will do no such thing.
#Resist And so it goes...swindle millions through Trump University & place an enemy of public education in charge of public education.
Media Obama said "if you want to keep you  can keep it."  " people loose their insurance or they don't have better coverage." And they said
The Republican party continues to service the all mighty dollar. Money cultist, they have no interest in governance, just power.
I would like to shake her.
We have got to stop this
This is coming from a lying fake Indian!
YOU ARE THE MOST CORRUPTED FRAUDULENT MEMBER OF CONGRESS.  HYPOCRITE
Wow

Dump them all, they all have different agendas on how to screw the American people. All the best Senator @SenWarren , you have my support!
Look tell us if your an Indian? Get a blood test.
American is going down fast with the republicans screwing the less fortunate to appeal to the rich. SHAMEFUL.
Lock her up
Do you EVER say anything with evidence or facts in hand? Worse yet, your staff who write these tweets. Lying for pay? Must be lawyers.
your Book, "The Two Income Trap". You're 100% behind the school voucher system. Such a hypocrite
Sounds more like what liberal socialist do to the taxpayer. @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Pocohantas try the truth once in awhile. This is your last go round. Send smoke signal
Haha. Pocahantis knows all about swindling students at Harvard. Should we listen to this "expert"?
Secretary DeVos made it easier & more profitable for schools to swindle students while keeping their fraud hidden from courts.
Who speak with forked tongue is "Full of Shit" !
Ewarrencunt made it easy for everyone to see how big of a fraud she is!
Hey, didn't you claim to be American Indian on your Harvard job application? I don't think you have the moral high ground, liar.
Who are you to talk about fraud? You're the fraud.
...as opposed to your fraud, which is is in the wide open yet excused by your hypocritical supporters.
You are a liar plain and simple. You peddle lies and fear mongering u should be ashamed
Do you really believe the crap that comes out of your mouth.....
Then why are we indebting our resident citizen students, while pay for free or in state tuition and grants for illegals?
You know what you're talking about, right? You worked the system and make them believe you are an American Indian on your big toe!
Do you actually think people other than snowflakes listen to you. You scream wolf at EVERYTHING they do, you only intend to scare your base
Just say teacher's union....that's all you had to say.
Broad statement without any factual base.
Elizabeth Warren cheated everyone, it's really hard to believe her on anything..
Two words you should never speak together: SCHOOL, AND FRAUD after what you've done.
Wrong.
If anybody knows about how to swindle people it would be you.

I stumbled onto another leftist hate forum.  You people tell the wildest stories.  Please post some facts. love to see facts.

The student loan burden has been around a lot longer than DeVos.  Warren what have done about It? You make laws then fix it stop bitching.

Well let's get DNA test done Senator before throwing the word fraud around shall we? I am Cherokee. What r u?
We've spoken about education for 50 years. Nothing happens. Idk of her plan will work but the cure system is about unions not kids.
This from a self-employed,USAF vet,Hispanic American. We see through your lies Pocahontas and we will fight you andyour kind at every turn.
You don't think very deeply do you.
A very shallow statement but that's all you nasty dems have.
Oh shut up Lizzy! Please point out one thing you have done in the last two years other than scream into the wind, u shrill, useless, hag!

Gald you admit schools are swindling students, take a pay cut and Stop stealing my heratige for personal gain.
It wasn't our side telling kids to get $200k in loans for a Medieval Poetry or Intersectional Gender Studies degree, Poca!!
Ms Warren, once again you're completely wrong! @BetsyDeVos giving choice back & not allowing Unions to dictate my kids curriculum
I think u have yourself confused with Betsy

That is a fraudulent tweet Senator. Just like your ethnicity. It seems very easy for you. Wht kind of example r u 4 kids
You are most NASTY when acting like a MEAN GIRL to President Trump's cabinet  as a career politician you're all about yourself
if you're gonna attack someone the least you should do is get your facts straight! Senator Warren not a career politician! lol #google #wiki
Fake news, swindling is illegal, school tuition on all fronts is too high!(thank you Obama) Public education sucks!

Prove it!!
More lies from Democrats!  The party who has had blacks locked into poverty & bad schools for decades! Give Parents the right to choose!
Clearly the system now is broken. Kids are not learning the way we did. The bar is set very low and everyone gets an award.we need change
Just as you've lied throughout your whole career... karma will eventually catch up to you.
Typical libtard, lie about heritage so you can get something you don't deserve, then call person you disagree with a fraud
Ask your pals Bernie & Hillary about fraud.
Pocohontas calling fraud! Warren is ridiculous.
Get on the neutrality of Comcast. So our children aren't only learning what the big money companies want us to know and teaching kids in..1
2/ Class what they only want them to learn.
@SenWarren You are a fine one to talk about FRAUD. You committed FRAUD to get into college as Native. @HillaryClinton committed FRAUD as SoS
dont u get tired of keeping students down? They need choices, new ideas & better futures. Stop lying to them about @BetsyDeVosED
Fraud? Not sure a school would have many applicants if it were engaged in fraud. What's wrong w letting parents decide. Anti #FreeWill huh?
Stop lying lady. So sick of you. #CNNisISIS
You are truly dishonest to the core.
Elizabeth warren u are one to talk medically disabled homeless people live outside your office all over the streets of boston you hypocrite.
Why do not you ever have anything decent to say. Must you always be on the war path?
I liked the old system where incompetent teachers can't be fired. That's terrific for education.
What are you smoking in that Peace pipe Fauxcahontas?
'Swindling students' said the woman who lied about her heritage and makes $350k teaching one class at Harvard. At what point do you shut up?
Let's look at your finances Sen. Warren. How about you donate some of your money to help these students out?  Yeah, didn't think so....
You would know about swindling that's for sure!
You did so much for the kids under Barry didn't you Pocahontas ?
And democrats do nothing against the corrupt unions
Lies, lies, lies!
AMAZING how with no govt intervention, universities are giving free tuition to low income families. Shut up Luz.
So, like, who is running these schools then? 
Are you serious. She has done more to help the poor receive the education they deserve and need to change generation of lives.
Ahhhhhh........speaking of #FRAUD.....
You only spew LIES when in FACT you want to keep this children poor! You've DONE nothing but obstruct & run your lying nasty mouth!
You are such a silly foolish woman
wrong you loon.
Go pitch a tent Pocahontas! And stop bothering Betsy DeVos!
The only swindler is you. You swindled your way into a position at Harvard, then when you were caught, we get "not my fault". It's My moms.
BREAKING: Real Indian Announces Campaign To Defeat Fake Indian Elizabeth Warren
You are quite the expert when it comes to "fraud hidden from courts." Not just fraud either. All kinds of things Pokey. Fraud? Haha
liberals are control freaks.  your lust for power is limitless.  be it, pretend youre an indian or trying to destroy the family unit.
You're actually talking about someone swindling? You've built a career on that, lies, and destroying wealth. Fauxcahontas!
You should know Pocahontas. Wasn't you the one that lied to get free tuition for college? You're such a fraud. You should be in jail...
Is that what your NEA donors told you to say?
Why do you have the daggers out for DeVos in particular? Is it cos she's rich? Cos she's a lady? Cos she's for profit? Genuinely asking.
Your actual policies swindle taxpayers, don't encourage competition and nobody makes fraud look easier than bloated public school admins
Shes a fraud
Thats alie just like the fact that u are indian. You have no idea what your talking about!
Swindle? Like lying about heritage to fleece $300,000?
Yes, the democrats policies of bringing every student down to the level of the worst student has done wonders for the education system...
You are the fraudulent one. We are sick of your divisive, hate filled, bullying BS. You're pathetic.
I have yet to hear a true statement come out of your mouth. You need to retire

Keep up the good work Sec DeVos.
You are a #Freak
Speaking of fraud...

That's an egregious lie. Your voters deserve better info & representation. DeVos advocates school choice & state supervision. Quality ed.
You're just worried that the Democratic laundering money scheme will dry up after the shitty teachers you protect lose their jobs
Then why did you support Hillary @SenWarren ???
that's good
Do you care about this country? You're ideologically rants are intolerable. What do you do for the people?
No, Sect DeVos is trying to clean up the mess that Democrats have made of the public school system.
Things that make you go Hmmmmmm........
@SenWarren
Well, if anyone knows anything about swindling people, it'd be you
You are wrong every time you open your mouth! Be quiet. 

RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!

I can hardly believe what I keep hearing.
I'm from Massachusetts & come 2018 we are voting your ass out of office you corporate puppet. All rhetoric.
Fraud you endorsed hillary over bernie
It's OK for me to pay back my student loans but not you. OK to bring illegals in here for nothing but my son pays $20,000 for legal wife
Swindle students? You literally made 400K to teach one class. That is outrageous and you know it!
Isn't that because she is nothing but a depository, for men?
That's why the go from state to state school enrollment. should be checking with birth certificate and previous resid.@ SenWarren
Says the fraud.
