My office released a report today that shows 2/3 of the top contractors have been caught breaking labor laws.
Instead of helping workers, the GOP will vote today to make it easier for companies that hurt workers to get massive gov contracts.
Today’s debate on the Fair Pay & Safe Workplaces order is about who Congress works for. I’m here to fight for workers – & I’ll be voting no.
and you will be wasting your time
I guess Obama and @TheDemocrats did a lousy job overseeing their contracts,that's why we elected someone who understands business
45 spends millions in Fl for weekend vacations, GOP cutting healthcare 2 millions of ppl so GOP can give rich tax cuts! VOTE NO!!
Donald Trump should be advised we do not have a W.H in Florida and he needs to pay all expenses there and NY.
by corporations u means those that have employees that belong to unions that Dems love. Sit down and shut t up
we need to really make America better. Not this bs Trump is doing.
then work with the president not undermine him.
don't work with fascists, sorry.
you would rather Obama?  I don't see everyone's problem with having a president actually does what he says.
lol
Hello! What do you say we kick #POTUS 's ass in three years? Do you want to run?
please be the president. Please
then they don't have to accept job
have been for years and gotten worse every year
Sounds like how Trump did business.
Show us the documentation.
You have to name names Liz or this statement is just propaganda
how much do you charge to speak?
THE US GOVERNMENT WAS OBAMA FOR 8 YEARS. WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I find it more unfair that you get paid more and better medical than veterans.
all I see is a bitter snowflake who trolls for votes. I stead of her job. You are a public servant.
That is a partisan fuzzy comment--details needed as usual!
like many in your party don't pay their campaign staff... #laughable #looney #goofy #youlost #crybabies
Its Who our PREZ IS! He didn't pay or underpaid his own contractors! Was in litigation for years. Now he can do it to America!
Thanks but the Dems need to get support from  GOP allies and we must vote the rest OUT IN 2018 and impeach the SO CALLED PREZ.
you don't think that just MAAAAYBE the US gov pays too much?  C'mon, Liz...
Thank you for standing up and speaking out.
the rich don't care about the puny lives of workers
Says the fake indian who never worked a real job.
we think YOU ARE OVERPAID
Why don't you know that GSA and Pentagon & other agencies have contract oversight to catch this. Are you calling them incompetent
your ignorance is astounding.
I'm a veteran of the Iraq and Afghanistan war and I seen the waste of money spent on contracts. #change #waste
unfair federal contractors should not be awarded contracts. They should be fined.
Correction: The (American Taxpayers aka middle class) pay billions to federal contractors .... (with no oversight)
you mean those contacts you and your other DC buddies give each other to keep making you richer off the American workers back?
you are fired! The lawless government must live within its means! If you have a dollar you can only spend a dollar. No free shit!
And Mass will never investigate their public corruption.  Head injury by Ayer PO Richard Krasinskas omitted by Kerry KrasinskasRN
I guess those companies should no longer be awarded contracts then huh?
In all seriousness Sen. Warren, the American people do not Trust Trump! We need Congress to come together and use Article 25, NOW
Like who exactly?
what a shame!.but don't worry Donald trump will be congratulating them on twitter any moment now.
Tell everyone about your relationship with the TIAA and cheating Brazilian peasants out of their land. RETIRE ALREADY.
Private prisons and Dick Cheney?
can you say Uber. But yet you voted to water down their bill
the hey squaw you tell them
yes they hire all part time so they don't have to cover those things
That's how the rich get richer... by exploitation... capitalism at it's best
U ought 2 know!Ur President was the Fed Gov King!Ur all Saul Alinsky Socialists! Every 1 of his 8 ways 2 Socialism done by U all!
then fix it. Stop taxing the workers to where they can barely live would help too
"no pre-existing conditions on continuous coverage". So, we can't ever switch plans or have lapse in coverage.  Joke!
how long have you been in the Senate and nothing has changed? Your part of the problem..
Thank you SO much Senator!
It's not the job of government to meddle in the affairs of private companies concerning wages and salaries.
ITS TIME FOR THIS TO STOP HOW IN THE WORLD CAN THED LITTLE GUY GET A LEG UP!!!!!!!!!!
Smoke signal received, WarParty has been called and awaits your orders, Cheif Spreading Bull.
you didn't fix this in 8 years? So u like big contractors only when they pay for your campaign.
The Liberal Democrat Way, Miss Warren the way you guys like it you guys created it Trump has to fix it now
Where have you been this is news ?? I am more worried about North Korea!
those workers should just get on welfare like your supporters
very true, many companies bleed our government for profits. Good idea to now focus on what folks need, not so much that fellow.
I would like you to run for president or be it vice with the Bernny sanders. I will support you and him only
A fallacy  because most of todays MAKERS couldn't survive without the money FROM THEIR SILENT generation. They're TAKERS,TOO!
when are we going to face the fact that the problem in US not race, religion, education, color, or gender. The MAKERS Vs TAKERS.
And the taxpayers pay PP to murder babies which is the most disgusting, vile thing I can think of!
thank you
Wait that would not be TRUMPS fault that would be OBAMA FAULT SINCE HE RAN THE COUNTRY FOR 8 YEARS WHINE TO HIM NOT TRUMP
hey Dizzy Lizzy who hired those contractors Barry Obama? This is what our new president will fix GET A CLUE Dizzy Lizzy
Are you a robot? Repeat and repeat over and over we got your stupid message now give it a rest
Respectfully Senator Warren, YOU are the Govt. Please stop telling us what we already know. DO something.
AND owners are friends/family of top government officials!!
Hi Mrs Warren you have done a great job.
So cut the pay of federal contractors and save us money you crackpot
And the Dems got us here. Good thing we're gonna fix it.
for example Walmart is HORRIBLE to their employees
we need to address that with federal contracting.
Contractors get sweet deals and direct govt  employees get lousy deals
That's how Trump is creating jobs.
perhaps we pay them too much. Would not surprise me, the only thing govt provides oversight for is media reports,l.
the US Gov also wastes billions of taxpayer ! Not the gov't job to pick winners and losers!
Thank you for sticking up for the working people!
How about the list of 200 vets that r multiple amputees that need their homes remodeled to accommodate their new lives.
That's those pesky regulations the GOP/Trump keep promising to cut
so introduce a means to provide a progressive wage scale as a provision to bid these contracts instead of just pointing it out.
and you and you Democrats friend paid billions to Iran. Gave them billions plus sold them uranium  #Lockthemallup
The government is profligate with the money it steals from taxpayers. If you're "underpaid", then quit and work for someone else.
yep Obama was in charge of these contractors, and you said? NOTHING
HAHAHAHHA
didn't hear you complain about obummer
I retired from Chrysler Corporation and safety was a priority.
Cut all employees now, using independent, based on tax code of self contractor and as independent self insurance fir now!!!!
totally fake news.
Are you  f crazy you have promoted this forever, IDS don't mean shit to you!!!
The problem is is people like you get kickbacks for those government contracts #TermLimits #DrainTheSwamp
We don't believe anything you say. When you are in favor of something we want the opposite
sounds right on par with the way he has always done business...
ohhh boo hoo
US pays contracts ON-TIME. Private industry may take 90days + to pay bills
Democrats abandoned Labor in favor of professionals circa 1972 under McGovern, nothing has changed since then....
maybe instead of a tweet call OSHA and audit the companies certified payroll reports.
@CNN @timkaine All this shit Trump is doing or saying, it's just a DISTRACTION. WE ARE FALLING FOR IT. #impeachment now.
that's how it works, the biggest expense in business is labor. Cutting labor expense is the easiest way to turn a profit SLAVERY
pocahontas heep big ignoramus
You should know that if you don't make money u spend like a drunken Sailor, thats why gov pays above market value, our tax money
But the democrats are having a pow wow they are sitting this out and not doing anything to help the republicans
thats what they do, that's all they know to do...
Prove it!!! Your words are as empty as void in space. Your mouth opens and lies erupt. Put your career on the line and will see..
Whoever runs your Twitter should stop, you do just fine being ignorant on your own.
2/3 of people on welfare have jobs or family members who have jobs. Try some different logic, there.
what a crockpot statement  most govt. bids are awarded to lowest submitted bid do the math #Pocahontas
you can't conduct business as usual with 45 in the WH. We need his taxes, Russian connections and then due process talk to repub
and then @realDonaldTrump hires even Foreigners on a visa for his "winter-white-house golf club". Taking away jobs to Americans
thank you for caring about us, Sen Warren. its starting to feel hopeless to me.
nothing but a blow hard pocohontos
yet you accept millions from big corp hillarious put a feather in your cap
: What about #Harvard who overpays a #FakeIndian to teach one class? #ElizabethWarren #MAPoli #ShePersisted #tlot #liberals
#Labor An amendment to bring back 1960's tax rates  would level off income inequality.
Why ur @ it… vote to support TERM LIMITS, CUTTING ENTITLEMENTS! Call for a FULL INVESTIGATION of the O Admin. for ABUSE of POWERS
You are the US gov and you've been wasting my money on federal contractors. Time for you to go.
@TSA Knows major airports are in need of more technology and better pay for veterans who serve to improve baggage security. L3
Thank you. I cannot understand how rolling back these regulations helps Americans.
As in Halliburton?
define..."underpay". We are happy to just have a job lady...I know many, many who don't in Massachusetts.
@TSA must investigate underpaid understaffed L3 Technologies at airports. The squeeze of pay of Veterans employees hurts security
because companies place bids and they have to be low enough to score the contract. Are you proposing more taxes for this?
That's why LEGAL immigration will stop employers from taking advantage of their wotkers.
Hey Indian  girl it appears your over paid way to much ... let's talk about your qualifications and what you do to earn it!!!
#Warren2020
L3 Technologies under pays and under staffs at airports throughout the country which doesn't help baggage security. @TSA knows
Nobody is forcing anyone to work anywhere.  If someone isn't satisfied they should look elsewhere.  NOT governments business!
Why are you telling me? We hired you to take care of these types of problems. Can't do your job?
you must be talking about the military
I smell someone shopping for more campaign funding . . .
beyond unacceptable! These guys are in the words of our President, Bad Hombres!
you would think OSHA would be all over those companies.
just what i expected from a Trump presidency! you have to get him impeached before he does any more damage to USA!
our president is really mentally ill! anyone can see he's a malignant narcissist! i wish he would just resign!
happened under ur watch.  Y didn't u fix
How about a 2-strike policy? Warn them, give time to correct, if repeated, ban for 10+ years.
And hire a lot of undocumented workers to do their construction jobs. Lock them up!
I agree! LOCK UP the ILLEGAL INSURGENTS on the construction sites! Go to local @HomeDepot's and round them up! @FoxNews
What about the folks who hire them? That's illegal too.
Absolutely! Any contractor who hires ILLEGAL INSURGENTS should be prosecuted as well!
so, prosecute Trump?
Trumps not a contractor! He hires ppl to do his builds! Doesn't manage who contractors hire .
So… your point is moot. Trump is a Real Estate Developer not a contractor!
Trump owns hotels, resprts, golf ,ourses and winery. they hire staff like maids, groundskeepers. your boy has been accused before
Guess there should be a screening process for that. Why would our country hire contractors that shaft workers? Oh...Trump!
PFFFFT
Everybody should get $350,000 a year to teach one course at Harvard

@SenWarren
Senator... are there any specific, EGREGIOUS examples we should know of ? Perhaps any former Reality Show Hosts, for instance ??
Been going on for some time. Clearly nothing has been done. #sorry2say
This is Trump Economics!
"Trumpenomics"
well obama had years to fix wtf did he do
Yep, like @UnitedHealthGrp for example. Makes billions, but can't pay a decent salary. Greed!!! @SenWarren
Seems to me Betty you guys were in charge for the last eight years-How about a little accountability!!
why don’t u go undercover an see if u survive ?
So lets not give them contracts, that way they just fire all of their workers and make them dependent on govt welfare!
Good. Wash on. smells of cum
Since when do you care. Hypocrites
Wow Goofy aren’t you full of knowledge .
