Amen! My two autistic kids deserve better than a sexy speech about cheaper and better than OC, it's not true! My kids need Medicaid!
And your beautiful kids will still receive Medicaid. 
The scare tactics from the democrats is disgusting
The fact you believe what the 13 unqualified ppl say with no outside input is more than scary. This will hurt the most vulnerable among us!
But I don't hear anything constructive coming from ole Liz, how is she trying to help you really?
By lying
You lecturing anyone on lying while supporting trump is irony defined.
This is why a clean repeal and a whole new law is needed. 
You can't fix something designed to break
Why won't Liz help with that?
Warren is the best of senators. Marginalize her all you want. Republicans don't need the Dems, you see. They are voting now. Let's see!
You're missing the point, if they don't work together we are all in trouble, your beautiful babes included.
Tired of all of the bickering
@RoyBlunt are you listening!?! You are about to vote for an immoral and inhuman version of what the GOP claims is healthcare. Shame on you
@RoyBlunt OCare is dying, help put it out of its misery so we can move on
Taking insurance away from 35 million people does not fix the problem.It ignores it in favor of tax cuts for wealthiest 5% Not Christian
And why did they do nothing? Because they built it to fail. They want single payer HC which this country cannot sustain.
Bull Shi#.Medicare is single payer.Its 10 times more cost efficient than private insurance.Other western countries have single payer too
Don't act like Medicare is perfect, far from it
Medicare is not perfect but it is more cost effective. There is more oversight and there needs to be even more to weed out more corruption.
Ya, tell that to the seniors trying to live and afford their healthcare, meds, and secondary insurance.
With no income
What about lost jobs trump will throw US into depression
What lost jobs?
How about all of the jobs that will come back that Obamacare killed. Full time jobs with HC benefits, more people working
What fantasy world are you living in right now?
Reality world. 
Warren weaves hysteria and lies.
If she cares so much sit down and work to fix HC not over dramatize, it's all BS
And who will she work with. #GOP is on its chosen exclusive path.
The Dems have refused to talk unless nothing changes.
What's that do?
The floor is open, I only heard resistance from Warren, no new ideas
Sen Warren, if you cared about the people, and think Obamas health care is so great, why don't you have it?
Let's see your health care plan that we pay for!
Support the man we voted for, support our President, like we did for the last 8 years!
He is not our president. He is his president....or Putin's.
But we elected him & he was "our" president! Stop fighting your country, get behind it, show the world that we're united
Somebody elected him, although I am not sure after the recent disclosures, it was Americans.
...and yet Americans were kicked off healthcare with ACA, which wasn't A, had no C and what a horrible A

& paid to not have healthcare
You are full of crap lady. And I use the term lady loosely!
You should be held accountable for those suffering under ObamaCare, lady. How many counts of murder is that?
You can't come up with a plan of your own YOU BOTH HAVE TO WORK TOGETHER so why are you lying to the people???? THERE IS NOTHING ALL
Medicaid is welfare. You aren't fooling anyone.
Can you please add an admendment preventing the new healthplan from paying for Viagra prescriptions? Whats good for the goose...@maddow
What's going to happen to us if we are ILL? It's mandatory I see a Doc every 3 months? And the meds? I don't know what will happen. #scared
Those voting 2 take away ur healthcare enjoy the best insurance ever (federal plan) & your taxes pay for it @donlemon @RepEBJ @repjohnlewis
A "skinny repeal" is lipstick on a pig.  ANY form of repeal is unacceptable.  PERIOD!
So let it crash and burn then.
I think the next ballet vote we should put a ballet to put elected officials on the Obama care plan like the rest of us what do u think
INSURANCES HAVE STOPPED TAKING OBAMA CARE SO WHAT ARE THE PEOPLE SUPPOSE TO DO WARREN? YOU ALL GOING TO PAY FOR THEIR DOCTOR CARE? NO THE
YOU like the rest don't want the republicans to win YOU don't want Trump to show Obama how it is done YOU  had it cozy for 8 years too cozy
OBAMA gave Iran money and did the health care lied to the people and the stupid democraps let it pass Now it;s a mess so Obama got out in 
No it;s called not getting the damn democraps to work with him Water will not accept him as a president is that how they should act? Adults
THE PEOPLE 
The TrojanBill includes $3 trillion tax cut 4 wealthy but over 90% of new businesses & jobs are created by middle class Americans @amjoyshow
She still can't talk from the heart. Needs help by having someone write what to say.
So is abortion btw.
You poor ignorant soul.Obamacare is dead.People ARE dying from it.I would spend 20K till getting any coverage!YOU own O-care.Find a new job!
The ACA is NOT affordable. Been without healthcare myself for a while now. U know why? Can't afford it. What kind of healthcare do u have?

#SkinnyDidntMakeIt
The GOP is good at throwing rocks, then run and hide.They are evil and must be voted out of office to save our country. They are traitors!
One twisted "Indian"
Thank U @SenWarren for your willingness to stand for ALL our beloved country's citizens. "This Fight Is Our Fight" needs to be understood.
You couldn't find the door in a teepee so get someone to help you get home and stay there
Sounds like you just came up with Trump's 2020 slogan.
Good job Ms. Warren.
LIKE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD LEADER BARACK HUSSEIN GUT US AND RUN STEAL ALL OF OUR MONEY YOU EVIL DEVIL
#MedicareForAll
Yeah yeah pokeyhauntus
The Pod Father= Seth Rich, DebbieWS=Whisenant, Pelosi= ALL the Awan Family, the DNC=Shawn Lucas, Clinton's= Amjad Awan
We're with you Elizabeth!
...so health insurance cost should be based off your healthcare needs! I go to the doctor once a year & pay $800/month for my family!
...you don't get home owners insurance based off income, it's based off cost of your home, &a car insurance is based of cost of your car...
I'm sick of paying $800/month through my employer so others can have free or cheaper healthcare. Shouldn't be income based either!...
It should be called #SearchAndDestroy. #SkinnyRepeal seeks to take insurance from millions and it will destroy lives.
Destroy insurance markets please by providing @medicareforall and join every other country on EARTH!
Elizabeth. Hit trump where it hurts. He's paranoid. Tweet. Trump. FAKE TWEETS!
Ya, I wish Wiz Warren were a Democrat. I'd really have been nice if she supported Hillary and not Bernie so, you know. Good Times..
Thank you taking away my dr, thank you for my $450 premium and thank you so much for my 10k deductible! You're awesome! ObamaCare rocks!!
You, Pocahauntice,  perpetuate lies aimed at low information voters. SHAME...SHAME....SHAME ON YOU
Warren why don't u lead by example and sign up for Obamacare.
I'm sure all suggestions are welcome,if you have any to contribute
.@SenWarren 
"Gut it and run"? What?
Is this Saul Alinsky talking? Warren accusing others of what she does in nearly every speech?
You're still not Indian FauxAHontas. Lying about that should cost you your seat, but no, the liberals keep voting you in. Why? No idea.
Elizabeth Warren 
#Loser #MAGa2020
Are u on obamacare oh wait no u have it made being a senator it dont affect u people are sick and tired of ur party thats why ur party lost
Skinny Repeal Should be called Republican Sabotage Part 2.
And then blame Obama for it "not working."
It's a laugh to see amoral sociopaths like you "define" what is moral and what is not, Fauxcahantas.
Never mind that - what's the alternative
You are a liar
What is immoral is your constant deceptive rhetoric and outright lies for no other reason than your divisive and obstructive agenda.
Indian princess Buffoon
Socialism is immoral.
Thank you Sen Warren. The fight continues.  We will not back down. Healthcare is a right.  United we stand!  America is better than this!
PREACH IT SISTER!!!!
Until you vote to use the same health care plan as you impose on the people you have zero credibility. You're a fraud
please help us resist!!
This cancer survivor treated on Obamacare is counting on you to help RESIST!!
And just what the hell did your "pass it and find out what's in it" plan do ? Health care for many more millions have risen out of sight !!!
I'm for it!!
First off, there are alot of health care markets dropping Obama care. Besides you liberal hacks shoved it down our throats.

"Skinny repeal" should be called "gut it and run." ...en todo caso las tuyas...
Yes thank you  because i really think they dont realize how many lifes are involved..#JESUS HAS THE LAST SAY SO..
You're the best Liz!!!!!!
Got a ring to it!!!! Trump's Gut & Run Bill

Oh fuck it sign it and we find out what's in it.  Might want to buy another jacket Liz.
Be sure to tell the @SenateGOP we're going to work our butts off to get as many of them as we can OUT. We're tired of their nonsense.
Please don't forget about the ACA. I am the 4th longest survivor of a Glioblastoma stage 4. Not only am I receiving expensive
Fight, sister, fight!!
Millions can't afford Democrats failing health insurance scheme. You broke it and refuse to help fix it. Shame on you.
We pay subsidies for your ObamaCare-exempt plan, you lying fake Indian.
Do you ever do any work? Appears u think your job is "Twitter "Queen"
If #Obamacare is so great, why aren't you on it? #Hypocrite
So what would a fake Indian know about morality?  !!
Providing healthcare is NOT a function of government. We need a FAT repeal - all of it! Free markets will provide. Stop your overreach!
Until YOU and the other Doomocrats vote for a Bill that puts YOU and them in same healthcare plan you exempted yourselves from, shut up!
Thanks to you doomocrats, premiums sky-rocketed, deductibles became unachievable and YOUR plans unusable. Shove your rhetoric and lies!
Your sure do like the sound of your panicked, shrill voice.
talk about your Pakistani I T guy ,are you sacred or do you think the swamp will protect you ?
You are exhausting. I'd much rather you quit dramatizing what 'they' are doing and start talking about what YOU are going to do.
Thank tou
How about the people forced to get the "healthcare" that didn't want it to begin with? It's useless my deductible is more than I make!
GOP & congress are immoral & THATS THE DAMN PROBLEM RIGHT THERE!
Immoral: Congress having the best insurance in the USA, paid by taxpayers, why do you THINK you deserve better than us?
Obamacare destroyed insurance markets, Pocahontas!
Pos!
#fauxcahontas pushed the most deceptive destructive bill in my life: #obamacare.   Now she's lying, scaring her #usefulidiots
No matter what happens now GOP owns what happens, let them have the title I say, let their voters know, UR proud @GOP of what ur doing yes?
You liar Sen DemocRAT you never care about people you care about yourself and your pockets U still can't get  criminal Hillary LOST LOST lol
Stop worrying about the poor only. The people who work everyday to keep you in a job matter too! Policy $750, deductible $6000-you try it !
People have already lost healthcare..Iowa. You misrepresent the truth by lying to Americans. Fakeahontas.
??  Not kicking, allowing them to choose not to purchase it. BIG difference. Send it to the states - keep the federal government out of it.
Shiva Ayyadurai for Senate,  2018.
Sorry to say: If you would have backed Bernie, we would be in a much different situation right now.

Thank you for hanging in there against this shameful plan! One thing to add: less population to pay taxes since we can't afford pregnancy!
Your not going to except anything but disastrous, dying Obamacare stop complaining and try to help
I took the fine bc of a 9k deductible what good is ACA if u pay monthly premium but still have 2 pay 4 everything that's not ins its robbery
Thank you for your continued vigilant voice in the fight for #healthcare.  As a #primarycare doctor, I know #insurance is vital.
U & Dem never mention the mill of ppl who pay high premiums huge deductibles b4 they get coverage. How about those can't afford THE ACA?
Refine & Renew healthcare!  NO repeal/replace!
I had better insurance, with insurers able to compete for my business before the govt stuck its nose in it.
Fight On for all Americans.
Hey, Pocahontas, shut up ! You have the Senator Healthcare Plan. 100% coverage, free, no deductible! Paid for by taxpayers, of course! #SUp
I say Trump sign an executive action today that puts every last 1 of these politicians on Obamacare, then c how fast it's repealed&replaced!
Get a grip. Shopping for health ins should be like car insurance.  Many options and you decide how much coverage you want.
Thank you Sen. Warren for fighting for us!
When did the Insurance Companies depend on the Government to make a PROFIT. Women still have free clinics where they are needed.
Can I have health care coverage that is at least 1/2 as good as yours, your majesty?
you have no idea how small business works.
It desperately needs to happen now!!!'
Just like a woman. Never shuts up.
we want YOUR FREE health insurance that you have FOR LIFE!
@foxandfriends so if men are the only talented ones....then they will get all the music awards!!!!
It's what they do, chip away at the laws they can't flat out right change
Please vote no.
Thank you Elizabeth,don't give up the good fight
Thank you too Piper
amen. Finally you agree that Obamacare is an horrible Act/tax.
Obamacare already did it.
I want YOU to turn down YOUR health plan and make a decision regarding fat O'care or lower cafeteria costing plans which can be made avail.
Put YOUR health where YOUR mouth is @SenatorWarren. Quit being dishonest and disingenuous.

Time to retire and go back to the reservation that you would not qualify for.
I lost my full time job due to ACA, I lost insurance I can't afford 7000. deductible, I guess you can though
Elizabeth is a mouthpiece she like Chick, Nancy, and Maxine are more fake than the fake news.
Another w/selective outrage based on ideology & HYPOCRITE. Why no outrage when ur party made 25mil+ lose HC!?
She doesn't read the responses and doesn't care about successful health care in our country.
Stealing taxpayer money is immoral
It gutted middle America, the ones paying the bills. Obamacare killed insurance already!U try Obamacare, you hypocritical out of touch liar!
Bet you kept your doc and your plan eh fake Indian. You F'd the USA. 7 Reps F'd it again yesterday. We will see you and them in 2018/2020!
You are full of it.
Liar liar pants on fire!! ACA sucks for MORE AMERICANS than it helps. You Warren are the reason HC sucks. BUT the brainless sheep love you
YOU didn't give up YOUR Cadillac Plan or pay tax on it. No, @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats exempted themselves from Obamacare. #Hypocrisy
#GutAndRun
Skinny repeal sound a lot like Trumpcare lite.  I'll pass.
She still thinks it's affordable. Can't wait till @KidRock replaces her.
Blow up the racket. Blow it sky high.
Immoral is having kids u can't afford to raise, immoral is expecting others to pay your bills, immoral is treating minorities as victims.
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
You are, by far, my favorite fake Native American senator!!
Continue fighting for right Sen.Warren....Women fight battles everyday no one sees without protection of armor. Ivet

Repubs always do that. They leave destruction in their path for Dems to fix. Everytime they get any political power, they ruin.
No worries, you and your political elitists are covered and I am happy to pay for 75% of it. Just wish I had your plan but I am a peasant.
More like skin and bones. No meat!
REALLY?? Let's discuss YOUR healthcare. Oh that's RIGHT! You guys have your own special healthcare! When YOU face what we face...then speak.
You should have ran for president instead you screwed us all
Ins Markets are already destroyed by OCare. U want Individual & Employer Mandates to force massive #'s of ppl into Plans that won't exist!
But you get to keep yours Liz? For life? Right?
And insurance doesn't equal healthcare. Would a dictionary help you understand that?
I cant pay for others any longer, its to expensive
YOU destroyed insurance markets. What rock are you hiding under?
Why don't you reach across the aisle and write a proper bill??   Oh wait you never filed one.
Thats what YOU DID with Obamacare! I not only lost my plan, doctor, and price I liked, you jacked it up so high I CANT AFFORD IT!#YOUBROKEIT
Tell my why you are EXEMPT from Obamacare?  Why?
Before obamacare, my premium was 172$ a month w/ 2500$ deductible. Now it is tripled in both categories. WE MUST REPEAL.
Yeah Elizabeth!!! Keep fighting! Thank you!!!
#ShutUpFakeInjun #YouLie
Thank you for looking out for us
They should gut it, you failed to write a decent law.
Amen, Senator Warren!
