Weird when someone I like says something complimentary to an utter shitbag.
Brown was the only prominent R voice to condemn Tr*mps treatment of women, and to stand against the NRA after Newtown.
He's a pandering, broken clock shitbag, then. I didn't mean to leave it so vague.
You think standing in support of women and the parents of murdered children is "pandering"? What's your preferred course of action?
just because he has SOME good points doesn't mean I would support him or his whole cocking waterboarding agenda.
People are complicated, as it turns out. Who knew. Take the good and reinforce it,  work on the rest.
on balance he's still awful. Nuance is fine the benefit of the doubt is fine but there has to be a line.
I'll take the one Republican who had a humane, HUMAN response to Sandy Hook. The alternative is infinitely worse.
Wake up! Racism wasn't started by DT! It was started by Obama himself a long time ago! We voted 4 DT 2 change that! & 2 change US!
Your queen called you libs stupid,, hmmm 
She definitely inserted foot when she spewed this comment like many others she has made! Queen of corruption perhaps:p
Yes she did
His values do not align well with the majority of New Zealanders. Why do you support him as Ambassador? Do you not like New Zealand?
Kit, we in the US do not support him.  The asshole in the White House does.
Yes, so true. Would be nice though to for once have some actual diplomacy in an diplomatic post to NZ.
I'd happily do it.  But I'm not very diplomatic.  Of course not sure what I'd need to be diplomatic about.  When's the last NZ/US dust up?
On going for decades. Defense relations and anything nuclear.
Well pay your fair share.   J/k, I like you guys.   And not all nuclear stuff is bad.  Just the things with pointy tips.
Fair share to what? Also, you'll find NZ is vehemently nuclear-free. All forms.
lol just a bad NATO joke from our ahole in chief.  and there are ways to make nuclear power much better.  but it's not oil/coal so.
Cunt
Just don't ask him what's going on "down under."
"down under" is not NZ its Australia 
Downunder is AU & NZ - I should know-my knighted ancestor settled both  Peace ....
So is he back in Mass after his failed bid in NH. Curious about that
I'm sure Chief he values your endorsement.. Pathetic..
LOL  about as far away from MA as is possible!!!!!
This is so incredibly insincere.
  You're right, we should! She & "Lil' Fatty Kim" would make a great couple.
Their team slogan "you didn't build that".

Unlike YOU senator who make us embarrassed & nauseous w your shrieking 1-trick pony, totally self-serving agenda.
Is the 1-trick calling DJT a "thin skinned racist bully" or is it "DJT says he likes to c women on their knees." Guess u don't hv daughters?
Gladly, he doesn't need support from a whiter-than-me NOT "Native American" that the NYT's even says is a pedantic buffoon that can't write.
You think he cares what you think
Boy, that's far away!!! Sweet!!!
Can we get him any further away? Maybe Ambasitor to mars?
Bingo!
love how gracious you are being in supporting @SenScottBrown
He is welcome to stay there as long as he wants....
Dream on KD.
Pretty boy empty suit Scott Brown finally got a position he might be qualified for.
Do you hate New Zealand that much?


And please stay in New Zealand, @SenScottBrown. The people of MA would really prefer it that way.
Good luck in this critical appointment.
It's pretty dangerous, we get the Flu and.. and whitetail spiders, oh and...National lead government .. well that's it.
And the vampires. Don't forget the vampires.
now you need to send the people of NZ an apology..they refer to him as a nude model..it quite humiliating for the United States
U need 2 get over it! Maj voted @ r happy we did! Change was long overdue! Seriously get a reality check!
I had to pick myself up from the floor after reading this tweet. You are capable of not attacking opponents, Compromise so Senate can govern
Not far enough.  Antarctic would be a better choice if it was a country!
why is Comey in NZ???What purpose would he have to be there??
I hope 45 keeps nominating vulnerable Republican seats to these positions.
Congrats on the new position.  It is well deserved.  Thanks for being a true leader.
That was sarcasm. Right?
.... Mainly because it means you'll be on a largely irrelevant island on the other side of the world. Please take Ayla.
The way things stand, "largely irrelevant" suits us just fine. And Mostly Harmless.
Oh I'm sure he'll be thrilled to have your support
You are aware Scott Brown moved to NH. I wisg you would cecome the Ambassador to Siberia. I  approve flying you there 1st class, 1 way.
Why are you on two weeks vacation??? Unacceptable
-Sen EW: I love you & believe in you but congratulating this Swiss cheese brained socially inept 4 the appt is odd
-Sen E Warren, I don't know what you're saying?
-Scott Brown's brain is no better than a hunk of Swiss cheese; he's socially so awkward and inept-Ambassador?
-If this appointment means we can keep him there in jungle with his wrangler, I'd be ok with it
-With all do respect, I wish you'd have not said what you did
-Because he has a full head of hair doesn't mean he's qualified-
-I disagree on congrats; this is one of the most passive and unintelligent thud I've ever come across-
He looks qualified. How did that happen?
So glad to see Scott moving to another country. He can sexually harass down under without the media scrutiny!
You hypocrite!
Hey Liz...what could you possibly be thinking supporting this bozo? Another great career move...
Is that your, "Bye, Felisha!"?
WARREN YOU ARE WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR COUNTRY,  PLEASE TAKE THE NEXT PLANE TO SYRIA WITHOUT A SECURITY DETAIL
You are a fraud Fauxcahontas.
@JoeConchaTV @SenScottBrown Are you sure #NewZealand is far enough away, Liz?
I'm surprised you put a tweet out after calling about 500 million people racists
Really?
Ha! Keeps him out on Congress!  Smart move.
What are you smoking?! Wtf!?!
Somebody need to make the people of MA proud.  You're sure as hell not doing it.
Is she fucking joking?? Can't tell....can anyone tell me?? Lol
Cmon since when do you have a kind word for anyone
Oh yeah congrats! Going far far away. I'm trying to forget his stint here in MA though
This is good. What other potential GOP challengers can we banish to the other side of the planet?
She happy he'll not be around to run against her.
Warren should be made ambassador to the native American group she claims as her own although I doubt they would have her
Very, very classy and gracious, Sen. Warren. MA & NH will miss that handsome face, though!
You need to resign. Your hatred for our president puts America at risk!
@JimRobinsonSEA @SenScottBrown now if only you could make MA proud, but that isn't going to happen.
The crazy Pocahontas' approval is not necessary!
Glad you're reaching across the isle... And Trump is unstable?


The LEFT is wrong thinking the UGLY name calling will help them win. This is what helped you LOSE! Learn it!
Warren you should dress like man as you don't look like a women.
Until he starts talking then you will strongly object rt?
Wow Scott got a job....lets hope he does that job well.... Not turn on his constituents....oh wait he was not selected to this spot...
SenWarrn you suck at your job
No! He's unworthy of the office.
Treating our friend/allies this way is bad policy.
You can be the ambassador to Libya
Elizabeth warren is a raving lunatic.
is that shade
This is likely fake congradulations, but she might congradulate Gov Charlie Baker on his victory if he runs for senate. Extremely popular!
The world is coming to an end Senator Warren had something positive to say
New Zealand's loss is Massachusetts' gain.  
Something positive omg hell must be freezing over
.@SenWarren @SenScottBrown And haere mai (welcome) from New Zealand/Aotearoa. If yr good with @SenWarren yr good with me!
you are dreaming Elizabeth Warren.. we dont want him here..
Elizabeth Warren is a better person than me.
Hyper BS
Finally I can agree with my senator on something.
President Nicolás Maduro Venezuela chipped in $500K to Trump's inauguration https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/19/venezuela-donation-donald-trump-inauguration?CMP=share_btn_tw … resulting'mother of all marches'@maddow
Don't trust you at all! Something about the way you move reminds me of a snake.
Somebody from MA has to make us proud. It's definitely NOT the corrupt FAKE INDIAN.
What? Come on, E, don't give in to vapid empty suits like @SenScottBrown. Next will you praise @realDonaldTrump?
You are a class act.
@SenScottBrown is sexy and should be anything he wants!
Are you kidding us @SenWarren ?? This is terrible he has no experience for this job.
You are classy, so I will try 2 be classy also & not share my feelings about Scott Brown. However, he doesn't deserve it, he was awful 2 you
Thanks for being the bigger woman @SenWarren! You've got class!
Pocahontas. Go away
He is a good man
You would make us all happy if you   Would move there
Lets go on the view and spew more lies and hate, then lets see how many votes we get! Played that one huh Warren
I would be happier for him serving MA in your job!
Im sure he will more than you made them proud..Id say they are disgusted
Good place for him
Your comments on The View about our President were hateful and devisive. Not good as a US Senator. You should be setting a better example!!
I, OTOH, am deeply embarrassed and offer my condolences to the @PeopleofNZ
Elizabeth, do you think your country should introduce democracy? ie #ProportionalRepresentation We have it here and it works better than FPP
Are you sure we don't have a consulate in Antarctica, where he might be needed to meet the Penguin ambassador?
Who are you kidding?
If you think its a good idea, then Sen Brown should think long and hard first
That's far away right?  Then yes congrats!
@SenWarren U must not really like your job much, huh? @ScottBrown SEXUAL PREDATOR & Pro-Torturer, really? WTF Liz.
you don't realize he is retired military! Cause dems hate us! But smile when ask n pretend!
That's a lie
That is good news in a wasteland of bad news!
MA is proud to have you @SenWarren
Just keep your undies on for crying out loud.
Also while a little focus is on NZL. Maybe u guys can check out a real functioning democracy with free Health care and education...
If the prick takes his clothes of here in NZL we will kick his ass and send him back
Wow, that's mighty generous of you. Thank you, Senator.
I add my congratulations to @SenScottBrown on his nomination as Amb. to New Zealand & hope need to learn a new language won't be difficult 
So I am a racist because I am sick of the inaction & bullshit associated with your party? I will now persist 2 resist ANY and all Democrats
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan : How gracious Senator Warren.See boys,this is the kind of thing we want to see from Congress. At least civility
You need to rethink....Look into #SexualHarrassment related to @foxnews
Not sure we're all feeling so good about it here in NZ.
Sorry.
WHAT !
Is this your way of nicely saying "good riddance, and don't let the door hit you on the way out?"
Oh hell you're tweeting you're still alive Or is it one of your staff that tweets for you because you don't know how?
1 lib praising another lib. 1 Democrat praising another Democrat. We're s'posed 2B impressed? At least he's gone.
Now you know this bitch is salivating at the chance to fill that seat with a Comunist, i mean socialist, I mean Democrat. Awe whatever
Just happy to cull the competitive herd?
They're picking off our chances at getting Senate Majority. He was a powerful voice in the Senate. GOP will replace him. Happy/not Happy
Is he driving the truck to New Zealand?
You are a class act @SenWarren
As a Kiwi living in New Zealand, I'm grateful to live as far away from the mad house as we do, and also grateful we didn't get Steve Bannon
Sorry about Brown, but don't you have an isolated island for Bannon...
No, auditions for Orcs have closed
Or NH
This is one of the greatest examples of shade that I've seen in a long time
Kiwi's are very nice &the culture is very different. It will be a culture shock. Smile all the time and say hello all the time and smile :)
Scott is sporty and outdoorsy & likes a drink. A lot of folks in New Zealand do too. They should get along great.
The people of MA need to fire you! You endanger the people with all your revenge tactics!
I nominate you for Mars ambassador
He has your support after the racist campaign he ran? His appt is an insult to New Zealand.  Very disappointed in your support of him
@ProBrodie
Senator Phony Are you still saying you are part indian?  Your claim got you into Harvard.  You are the racist for this lie!
Sen Warren you made a positive comment
I'm glad that you are professional enough to put your prior disputes behind you.  You still get my vote
Only if he takes off his clothes frequently.
There's snark in that tweet, I just know it.

Well said. She's a total hypocrite.
Another opportunity to replace a Senate republican. Good move Senator!
Thank you for understanding that disagreement on tax policies doesn't make someone you enemy, that's rare in politics today
And you wrote that with a straight face, @SenWarren  ?
You rock Elizabeth.... U!!!!
New Zealand is so far away, the only thing better would be if Trump was sending Brown to another planet.
We only hope that Liz gets the next ambassadors position please leave your killing us.
Could we move him any further away.  Good riddens
Thank you Elizabeth for sharing anything and everything. It gives me hope and faith maybe we can have a touch of calm.
Bqhatevwr
How's it feel to be one of the most hated woman in the country?
