.@realDonaldTrump nominated Randy Quarles to be @federalreserve Vice Chair for Supervision, a position to regulate the big banks.
@realDonaldTrump Really is Draining the SWAMP He sits in Americas House RAPING THE TAXPAYERS 2 ENRICH HIMSELF C"MON #MUELLER B4 Its 2 Late
As critical as the investigation is, there has to be a way to start filing charges and reveal evidence to HALT corruption & cronyism ASAP!
What crime do u want to charge him with?
Obstruction of justice, treason, violation of election laws, ethics violations incl. the emoluments clause, failure to enforce laws e.g. ACA
Hypocrisy knows no bounds with democrats.

We're you not paying attention? Democrats insisted on making mortgages available to the unqualified.
That's because he wants to curry favor with the banks to finance his massive debt
When banks are allowed to do this it hurts the economy it hurts other businesses it hurts the customer's credit score
WFB  turns you into ChexSystems close your account you're not allowed to get an account for 7 years you cannot participate n  economy
Did you forget the part where Obama bailed them all out afterward? But nah, let's blame Trump that's easier, right?
How does pointing fingers at Obama/Hillary, in any way, address the issues we're CURRENTLY dealing with?
It does nothing but make this ridiculous lot feel better about the current, utter incompetence of this so-called president.
Senator I work for Wells Fargo Bank I was fired because I kept refunding overdraft fees they said you're giving our trips and bonuses away
Like the police department's Wells Fargo Bank muddies up the records They said I was 5 minutes late 4 xs
We need Glass- Steagall back to save America and stop the big banks. If Trump is serious about helping the people, he will advocate for it.
Yeah Swamp Thing...lax Democratic policies to get in bed with Wall Street...like Bernie said!
Because Hillary and Goldman' Sachs.
We had a financial crisis b/c big govt. pols tried to manipulate the housing mkt and it blew up in their faces @TSowellSociety
#25thAmendmentNow
I know this is off base but I'm curios. Can we the American people say no more paying for Trumps lavish vaca and free advertising and put
That money into our SS .. because if that's going broke and he is out having a blast selling the #USA out. We should have a say
That wasn't just any financial crisis. 10,000 families lost their homes.  And the one Trump plans to cause will be even worse.
His presidency must come to an end! Trump is bringing our country down!
Yes, and that should've been proof that unfettered un√ed capitalism DOES NOT work
Ha, uhhh, we've never had unchecked capitalism...
We love you in MA.  I can't get over how you and your Democratic colleagues don't even exist in the eyes of the Republicans.
How many bills has @SenWarren passed in Ma?  What has she truly done for her constituents???
Don't worry about it Liz. It won't affect your millions.
This country went into its worst financial crisis under Obamas give away the United States to anyone who didn't want to work
The billionaires have forgotten that! They just want to screw the rest of us while increasing their. portfolios
We must regulate banks at all costs to prevent another financial crisis.
They have no social conscience at all money for them is God. Regulate the stuffing out of them.
Thank you for standing up for us. Hang in there. Take good care of yourself. This isn't going to be easy. Don't burnout!
I sometimes think it is all  deliberate and that Trump is on a mission to destroy the country. Pray I am just paranoid!
He sees it as a way to make quick money for himself and his friends. In what other ways is @POTUS secretly defrauding the American people?
This is what you call a personal greed instead of caring about the American people!




And we really need your consumer financial protection law too!
Ha Ha let's not hold the ppl responsible who took out mortgages they couldn't afford.
But the Obama administration bailed them all out and they still got their multimillion dollar Golden Parachutes, can't blame Trump for that!
Lol do u even read ,markets are doing really well and jobs are coming back.and u Dems wasting money in the name of Russia
Don't sit silent Liz, stir it up!
Your surprised? here's who runs this country, big banks,big oil,military industrial complex. U think they want regs?
CHECK them before they're too big to fail.
It's time to start hording plant seeds, canned meat, medications & toiletries.
Banks run wild stock market falls. Gov puts restrictions on banks, markets don't recover very well. Gov takes regulations off rinse repeat
For 241 years same freaking thing over and over. How about we get a clue and try something different.
As someone who was in multi-state bank management,during the fin crisis,Sen Warren is right.Removing cons protecting bank regs is wrong.
of they didn't have nanny gov to bail them out we wouldn't need regs.  They wouldn't take the risks.
That's false. The bailouts were no guarantee & you cannot trust banks to put consumers above profit. Ever.
Then they go out of business, and the cycle starts all over again.
If I have a restaurant and u get sick every time you eat there are you going to keep coming back just bc gov doesn't shut me down?
You can't compare predatory lending & mortgage mkt to restaurants. Believe what you will,but you are wrong on this.
He also has an article explaining that people going outside their area of expertise r just as dumb as the next guy:
The very same road to boot!
Give me a break,  Democrats have been in the pocket of big banks for years.
No we have a finacial crisis when people dont even know that a "dollar" is a silver coin containing 371 1/4 grains of silver and not paper
We had an era where someone who fakes being a native American gets elected by idiots to the Senate. Hopefully we recover.
Damn nice one
Praise God for DJT and the fact that he is in the WH and not u crooked Libtards.
Need to remind and inform people of past debacles...voters have short memories and prefer promises over facts.
Now we're having a #democratpartycrisis.
This is another thing that really needs to be stopped.  Trump/GOP want $ and support the rich. The rest of us suffer for it.
I know!! What will it take for people to wake up???
Liz come on now! Clinton/Bush/Obama all took us down that road too.
You sure made your Millions preying on those that were losing their homes. You should be ashamed
It's been happening for years
Liz you ignorant ----. It was Clintons HUD and Freddie and Fannie that lowered the requirements, sub prime, that caused it.
The Incredibles, Bob Parr - 2004
Also President Barack Obama  -  2009 - 2017
He doest want take us back - he lives there!
THE ONLY thing that's going to be taken DOWN IS A disgraceful bafoon  IN 2018 
Do you spend all night coming up with these stupid statements!
You seem to conveniently forget it was gov't that FORCED those banks into bad loans in the first place.

#hypocrite
You know all about big $$$$ with the lies you told Pocahontas. Taking from the less fortunate & minorities.
We have a President who has drained the swamp so the allegators can run amuck and feast on our life savings!
All those great educational achievements and you can't spell 'alligator'  sum cum dummy
It happened during the Bush admin. Obama had to do something or it would have spiraled into another depression.The alternative was too bleak
Lol.  Ya, something like that. NOT!!   
Please explain, since you know so much-
Why is it that the banks give to you campaign? What they get in return?
Last time I checked stocks are Up banks are doing fine. Thank god @HillaryClinton lost!!!!
Hey Liz. has Hillary told you where those millions from State Dept are? Or where all that money raised for Haiti went to? Chelsea's wedding?
True.. but so did HRC. Why don't you run for President with Bernie VP? Purge the Dem party of neoliberal lackeys or split + start your own
Hill n Bangladesh - check out that story before u open your lying mouth
U fail 2 note:Gov pushing for lower lending standards,&Fed Res failure 2 lower int rts & discussing further tightening in 07,inflamed crisis
Oh no! Whatever should we do? A rain dance? Tell us oh wise one with the high cheekbones!
Bush raised warning flags 15 times starting in 2001 of Fannie Mae leading to strong repercussions in financial markets. Dems were in denial.
Democrats in their own words Covering up  Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac scandal
Democrats caused finacial crisis by forcing the banks to make #affirmativeaction loans.
SNL even did a skit of the housing crisis and bailout. They got it right
You're a walking timeline of controversies and scandals, but you're going to point the finger? Do America a favor and resign.

Oh Lizzie you are really off your rocker! Can't wait for Senator Kid Rock to enter the Senate floor!
But it's ok that you were a fraud Native American Pocahontas ??
Try flogging the dodgy loans abroad like last time I'd like to think you'll struggle. But maybe not. Thieves and charlatans.
#ImpeachHimnow we are done with his crap
Duh! Just look at his cabinet.
And he will b/c no one in the self-serving GOP has the guts to stop him.
Chief sitting fool
The definition of insanity:
Trying the same thing over and over again expecting different results
Fake news from a fake Injun
It interferes with your kickback money
Senator Warren, Trump needs to be reined in.  I think our Republican brethren  are starting to get it also.
THANK YOU for having such a strong BRILLIANT voice. We need you since we have an ignroant madman for POTUS.
Deregulating banks; the same mess that Obama inherited and recovered us from, and Trump is claiming victory for.
What is the official line item among for presidential vacations and golf jaunts? I think he has exceeded his budget.  No more golf trips!!
It's proven failure for America and savings.  market maybe up but the sharks r circling! No! Not again?
Of course he does. Clueless doofus!
with plenty of help from his friends at Goldman .. make America 2008 again.
Pocahontas these are your people...Without doubt your one of the tribe
You fake Pocahontis
But ppl were afraid of Hillary's perceived ties to Wall Street  WTG America
For 8 years Dem sold off US Co & Mfg. Now we gave Trump bringing jobs back!
Dem sell off jobs
Trump makes jobs
Uh, no. More like you & the Socialist grunt Bernie. Trump is working 2 do right by us which U & the Socialist grunt Bernie know nothing abt!
Mrs Warren. We have a financial crisis now after 8 years of Dems ruling. Your part of the 20 Trillion in debt club. Quit lying.
Or when Massachusetts senator sits on her hand as Umass cuts babysitting and janitors. But hires $250,000 director of diversity. Great job
No the financial crisis was all you politicians becoming millionaires on a politicians salary. Figure that out poco
Donate your salary, 350k speaking fees, & 400k teaching fees to the poor. How about it Faux-Cohantas? #Caring #tcot #MAGA #WhyTheyLost
Please you are a phony senator so please just be quiet and try to regain from showing your true ignorance
Over the counter hearing aid act 2017. U really intro a bill to help bose who contributed to your campaign! You know no shame.
Idiots in government forced big banks to lend to people with shitty credit & no ability to repay them. The real cause is always regulations
And how many of those crooks did Obama put in jail after 2008 again?
We had a financial crisis when big government encouraged banks to loan to poor people and subsidized their failures.
Because he and his ilk will directly benefit. He's already promised them.
We had a financial housing crisis when big government mandated big banks give mortgages to people who couldn't afford them.
Because he needs reckless lending for his next project since Russia is goin to cut him off
We need to have a vote of no confidence in our so call hack of a president. He is a disgrace and a traitor to our country and by his actions
Has endangered our soldiers more than their job already does by giving out military secrets plans to friends of our enemies.
Impeach him.
Exactly, they're back to rip off the TP again. If you can't get DJT out quick. The masses need to be educated to the financial booby traps.
Govt under HW Bush & Clinton forced banks to lower credit standards w/ the purpose of getting people w/ bad credit into homes. It backfired.
OH ELIZABETH you have some legal problems too!!WHY DID THE demo AID WHO WAS JUST ARRESTED TRYING TO FLEE THE US HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR IPAD
Don't you remember Clinton saying she had a public and private policy on banks? Privately she wanted to reduce rules on banks!
Got 2 stop 45 major banks don't like him bec he always tried 2 scam them as he's doing to our country
Pffft!
You love big government and big banks. You love lobbyists and you love lying that you're Native American. You make me sick
You must have Alzheimer's...  Clinton and Obama were in bed with big banks!!
By "let" you mean "encouraged". Gov't incentivized banks to run a muck with no accountability and then blamed them when they did. GTFO!
I can't help but to think back in 2009-2010 when a real financial crisis was upon us. Dems destroy budgets and financial prosperity! #MAGA
This country was founded and made great on capitolism. Trump is only trying to get us back there by undoing yrs of new progressivism damage

What about the B1 visa abuses that taxpayer subsidized Corporations use foreign workers over #union workers #HireAmerican
Senator ...Donald Trump helped build that road
Because he has no idea what he is doing incompetent useless body occupying the WH.
Didn't Obama push our deficit from 9 trillion to almost 20 trillion in his 8 year term? Where were you on that subject?
How many people did democrats prosecute for the massive crimes that lead to the financial crisis? Why nobody, hypocritical Sackofcrapajawea?
They couldn't prosecute themselves for AHA expasion under WJC or allowing Obastard's ACORN to blackmail banks into making bad loans.
Didn't @POTUS44 and @TheDemocrats bail them out?
Of course he does,that was a time when he used tax cuts and the financial crisis to make his wealth. Why not again
We have a problem when they run government also.
please listen to @SenWarren -> See chart on Bank Failures under @GOP administrations when they let Wall Street destroy the Middle Class
Wow the lies that flow from your mouth are incredible
And because only half measures were taken in the first place, both Obama and congress are to blame, we never strayed too far from the cliff
We should be aware of t potential danger in having a hateful political neophyte in a position 2damage US society individually & collectively
We've been on that road since Jan 22. #Bigly
@SenWarren cancel the #FederalReserve charter. Then those big banks won't run wild. Otherwise stop tweeting and blaming @POTUS. Do your job!
We have a liar in the Senate problem. Want me to show you a picture of one?
Speaking of: DonJr with connections to Mexican Drug Cartel & Russian Money Trails.
Prove it....All talk like parakeets but have no facts to back up their lies.
Zanex
Senator Warren. New slogen for you for 2020,  " AMERICA LEADS  AGAIN" Raul Lara.
Nonsense. Do you ever have any facts or do you always spew convenient political rhetoric  and divisive demagoguery. Boring!
Excited to watch you pay for Obamacare
Idiot...Obama & Dems bailed out big banks & sat by for 8 yrs while they hoarded the $ needed to rescue the econ.
Nope, financial crisis occurred when you stinking democrats made banks finance houses for people that would never be able to pay it off!
Feds opened up Pandora's box, incentivizing the subprime market, having Freddie Mac/Fannie Mae back subprime loans in the 90s and early 00s
You mean those bankers like Wall Street Bankers?  :  "Anti-Wall Street Elizabeth Warren Attends Dinner Hosted By... Wall Street"
ridiculous - her record speaks for itself, and just look at how wall street has tried to silence her and her actions
She condemned Wall Street backers in 2012, While taking their $millions$ in backing. Nice record
We're still on that road! Banks are bigger than ever. Housing market is back in a bubble. Unreal.
Are these the banks hrc gave speeches to!!??
I am afraid we never left that road.
Financial crisis and every other possible crisis when a Dem in the WH!
My investment portfolio is BOOMING and I blame DJT! Consumer confidence is bullish like I have never seen in my life. #MAGA
That is exactly where it's going and it will be worse this time around
Didn't we learn anything from Bush?  So sad GOP don't care about USA
Pocahantas, please don't talk back to your superior.
You are talking about POTUS 44 and a Dem congress.
What can I do to fight for closing tax loopholes/more taxes on big business with citizens united & Koch bros big money?
Remember I'm the little person on the bottom. I have the kid with a bogus degree from a for profit school that can't get a job in his field
Oh by the way, I read your last book. It has inspired & saddened me. Politics is in such disrepair.
She's so bobbleheady
https://m.facebook.com/delete.crooked.hillary.clinton.corruption.liar/ … corrupt politicians are the problem... solution Trump
What road will you take ys down? Socialism?
When are u going to do something for the people of Massachusetts?? #fakeSen #fakeIndian #fraud #voteHerOut
What is your opinion of the DCCCs view of supporting anti choice candidates? This is very disturbing!
19,000 to 20,000 to 21,000 now 22,000 - in six months market loves POTUS 
And we are being distracted by the circus otherwise known as the West Wing
Wait a minute Lizzy! Didn't you benefit from bank loans on the three homes you bought and flipped for profit? #hypocrite
You and your corrupt colleges are the ones who is running wild
It's really hard to read all this speculation about how things happen. No wonder David Rockefeller wanted to depopulate the world. Sad
Ahh. But you are missing the point. WE had a financial crisis!  @realDonaldTrump didn't!  Neither did his merry men! #sad #oligarchy
Yeah you right
Agreed, but you've done that then bailed them out. How have you helped American people?
So you admit the problem is government. That's a start comrade.
We must stop the trump oligarchy before its too late!
It's the most he's thought about roads since Infrastructure week!
You are really hypocrisy well beyond 101.
Is our memory so short lived that we forget foreclosures, unemployment, & depletion of retirement savings! What should a billionaire care!
'Wild' banks behave wrecklessly when *corrupt* politicians promise them bailouts. In a free market, they go bankrupt. Nice try...
So what about WF? Wall Street is livid over Wells Fargo’s latest scandal: 'Here we go again'
Regular folks are struggling to live because of Obamacare. Can you send some smoke signals to your colleagues and tell them we're hurting?
Before "Mr. Know-it-all" corrects me it was the Graham,Biley, Leach act.
So he and his rich buddies can make even more money while crashing the economy ahain
I hope that doesn't happen. Lots of people will suffer.
Like Wells Fargo in one year they collected $1,100 in fees from me and it never returned it customer for 17 years
I believe you are referring to yourself  ?
Donald Trump wants what Putin has in Russia. Trump supporters & Putin are helping him get it here in the USA.
