please PLEASE run for president in 2020. PLEASE
LOL.Yes, please. America could use a good laugh. Things are so tense right now. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #womenfortrump
Says the fake who cheated real minorities out of a place in line. 
#Fauxcahontas

say it with excellence
@riasmomma chill out fauxahontis
@LetsMakeBabiess GO get THEM, all of them. We have your bck & there are more of "us" than "them". And now we are insulted & mad.
@MelissaJPeltier @SenWarren @LetsMakeBabiess You scare them.they wouldn't try so hard if they weren't.
The beginning was several months ago, ma'am. You're just catching up to the citizen journos.
Go get 'em!!  We're right behind you!  <3
please also go hard on the Russian hacking.  It's important and seems to have faded from memory.
How Are you doing today
Hello there
Never accept being silenced by anyone!!
@SallySueIam KNOCK IT OFF! YOU LOST! GET OVER IT! YOU ARE DESTROYING OUR DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY WITH UR OWO AGENDA. STOP IT NOW! #DTS
@ntmyprez Thank You Sen Warren.  Standing behind you  Also, All Democrat's
@MelissaJPeltier GO, Elizabeth!!!
.@SenWarren Persist! Persist!
Is that a threat? Do we need to report you to @SenateMajLdr for censure? You lost.  Now please start working for USA or quit.

Americans don't want to hear what you have to say any longer. Go away and buy a pair of Ivanka trumps shoes, you need them.
What an embarrassment Warren is.  Try to have a little class.  You behave like a bar room brawler.
she is in a class of her own.
The lowest of class.
No. Trump lying in spite of video/audio proof otherwise is lowest of low.  Support of that is same.
Don't care to you whine about petty crap while the Dems are encouraging the murder of conservatives
and NONE of that stuff is petty.  And that is EVERYTYTHING that @SenWarren is fighting for.  If you got your head out of
So far its all accusations with no proof.
Go ahead and keep the conspiracy going.  No one believes it anymore.  #DemExit
you called it
u will not be responsible elected due to ur hurt ways screaming for Clinton where is she the same place u will be gone
@MsDebGrace you lost the elections.  Just accept it ...
Yeah, and slavery existed in the USA at one time too.
What dems and media are doing has nothing to do with the example of slavery , its politics ( low ) they are playing.
HEY WARREN IT IS JUST THE BEGINNING FOR DEPLORABLES TOO; CANT FIGHT US; GIVE UP;
@JdwAttorney tell it. We are listening
@WonderWoman934 Woot-woot!!! 
No one cares, Lieawatha. Might as well be in the deep woods with HRC.
Freedom of the press and freedom of speech... 2 things the current admin is trying to destroy.
-go get him!!!!
perhaps no rule, but how about common sense, and maturity? Name calling with invented "facts"...liberals' war cry.
Just the beginning.   WTF where they thinking?
Is there a Elizabeth Warren for President fund yet?
Why is there no rule then to prevent nomination of sitting Senators? Seems R19 automatically silences real debate abt the nom.
@johnkingaustin Go get 'me, tiger!
https://larouchepac.com/  #News about The New Paradigm for Mankind that #NewNWO replaces now Old #NWO #TrumpOrder ?
@BiancaJagger my hero!
Keep on Persisting! @SenateMajLdr needs to move out to pasture.
.@SenWarren You don't know @SenatorSessions. Just because one is from the South does not make one racist. We have plenty of those up North!
go get'm
go away Warren your done in Massachusetts you fake
you need to stop with this hate and get yourself some help. Our country has suffered enough. Knock it off!
just the beginning of a New America of equal rights for everyone, the end of slave loving racists Liberal Democrats, #ur history
You are one of the bright lights in what looks to be a future of darkness.
I believe in you.
keep fighting for us. Thank you!
Ummm... awkward
keep it up , your an inspiration and help to  keep us motivated to take action every day

and yet she persisted!
No surprised there
Blah Blah Blah. That is what we hear from you.
Bill H.58. Where's ur voice while massgov rapes taxpayers $18mil in self appointed payraises???
Please persist! A whole world is listening.
unless it was just passed ,19 is still in effect
preach girl, preach 
Thank you so much!
aren't u exhausted expending all that hate out of ur mouth. Grow up. U r not on the playground. Get something done.
go sit down and how about getting back to working for American citizens...
Oooh, we so scared.
you lady are a joke #fakepocahontis #getoverit
yes!!!
So get 'em!!!! #persist #resist
"For I hear the voice of my little captain, We have not struck... we have just begun our part of the fighting."
@SenWarren @BlueTeam007
Mrs Warren, Speak with Ms Alveda King.She knew her aunt much better than you.A 30 year old letter?Some people get wiser with age.
Lizzie your such a clown. Too funny
Senate house is never a street club, they have rules and http://regulations.You  don't talk anyhow in the national assembly.
Please let the President know that the name Pocahontas in not an insult in this country. And that it's SENATOR Pocahontas, btw.
Have another glass of kool-aid
#WEAREWITHYOU Let them go ham. 2018 can't get here fast enough!!
can't wait till your voted out of office
lol delusional.
With any luck the voters of MA will Rule 19 u out the door next election. U care nothing for ur constituents. l
When does ur new book come out? Kind of coincides with all the headlines u are trying to grab!
kids in the hall ! Get it!
The beginning of the end.  You will have your 15 min of fame, however 2018 will tell another story.
thanks for speaking up and out, for being passionate about our democracy and freedoms, challenging those who seek to worship $$.
say goodnight witch
fuck me up liz
Keep talking Fauxcahontas. The hole is getting deeper and deeper with every word you speak.
You need a permanent muzzle Lizzy the fake #AmericanIndian.
Republicans are so predictable- insults, lies, and retro attitude towards women.  Back to 1950
so impressed with your words on the Senate floor. You never raised your voice, but the stodgy old Rep. farts outed themselves.
Thank you!!
I'm so proud of you and your action and integrity while representing all of us in MA. Thank You.
Thank you for all the good you do!
Thank you, Senator!!  Fight for us!  #Resist #sheperisted
Blah, blah, blah. Been to any PowWow's lately? Wait, you have to be an actual Native American to attend those.
I'm with her
Let me say it loud and clearly...we don't care. And Muslim is not a race..it's an IDEOLOGY. DEMS gone in 2018.
Hey #Pocahontas,
You got it ass backwards It's the end.
Betty go sit down. Your going to be out of a job soon. The rides coming to an end. He won. Get over it. Now your just annoying.
IS A LIAR http://ln.is/elizabethwarrenwiki.org/dwg5H …

I for one will not insult the Cherokee Nation by calling them liars.
Exactly what she said Mitchie!
I hope you made a lot of money for your book and donations. Politcal stunt and grandstanding.
@PaigeSEverhart you are an educated fool caring only for your party and not the people
of the end for you
@killerbee805 GOD BLESS YOU you have my prayers
#WarrenFranken2020!!!
PLEASE!!!
Beginning of your end.
do you really wonder why? Your senseless mouth has created more divide than togetherness. You do not represent the American!
Please Please Please run for president in 2020
Obviously nothing can silence you. Try doing something for a change.
whatever floats your boat!!  Says the woman who is not of Indian descent!!
Educate Americans of ur party of slavery and silence of speech.  Tell America about what ur party has killed us minorities.
unethical. Shameful
pay attention to the criminals sneaking in to our country and obey the majority of the country and maybe you'll have a job
Warren is a liar, thief and has a severe ethical problem, she needs to practice what she preaches. Crackahontas get real
quit being obstructionist, do your job for the people or be voted out! your out of touch with the middles class do some housework
God bless you.  Thank you!  Really.  You remain a strong light in these dark times.
Rule#1 Crazy people should Shut Up!
you lose and soon you will no longer be a senator
you are like the Shakespeare of the senate
you lost, go home and where is your husband
people all over the world are counting on you and like-minded people to stem the Fascist tide initiated by trump.
FIGHT #RESIST THANK YOU!
but you're a liar, so nobody but your lemmings & paid protesters will take note - "Pose"ahontas !
If there's just one man out there that can stand being close to her, this bitch needs a good fucking.
Exactly. And we have your back Senator Warren.
please continue to persist.
Rule 19 shouldn't have applied during a hearing to decide his approval to a higher office.
@HEINSLERJAN
@GOP Rule 19 did not apply. Cabinet Post hearing by God! Sen McConnell, the American people needed to hear Warts and All.
I am a Democrat in Alabama , and find Sessions very conservative, but NOT RACIST . Enforce Immigration laws NOW!
How about governing? Really sick of the partisan crap.
why can't you just sit down and retire.  Get back to actually doing your job...
just stop! As an elected official you should be worried about protecting the American people not your damn liberal view
@HEINSLERJAN get em Liz we are with you all the way
Go smoke your peace pipe Pocahontas just like your ancestors!!  Chief big mouth
You sound like a spoiled little child that has been sent to her room for rude behavior. Grow up!!
Pay attention to what's going on in the Senate or that Red Sox Pitcher will strike you out!
He's a Racist!
SHUT UP!
@marcorubio @SenBillNelson - GOP , watch and learn to stand against bullying!
We're hanging on your every word, dear.  PERSIST!
The beginning of the end.
You really need to do your due diligence
That is up to the citizens of MA next midterm.
Here to the beginning. Go get'em Senator.
How so? Please elaborate. How is there no more Rule 19? I'm delighted, but please explain.
Thank you for all you do, every day. It is appreciated, deeply appreciated. I've got your back.
Thank you, Ma'am! Keep up the good work. We're behind you 100%.
we are with her...you...still!!
there are a lot of people in NW Arkansas who totally support you. Please continue to be a voice of reason and sanity.l
and you have my support all the way.  We will resist and persist!
How are your book sales? Release coincided w/ur Sessions tantrum. Oh and how is ur fundraising going for your run in 2020? Hmmm
sit down!
You mean how you silenced the Cherokee Indians who tried to talk to you and u pushed away bec. you lied about your heritage?
we would appreciate it if you would take a seat and shut up!! Ridiculous!!!
thank you!!
