I just love everything you stand for! Thank you for putting the citizens of America first . What would we do with out you Sen. Warren
Racist kill an American left responds by blaming all whites. Rad Islamist kills Americans in S Bernadino the Lft responds by letting more in
This lady is a fraud! She never helped the middle class or veterans that we're caught in the bad loans!
where's my $2500  for the past 7 years
Trump claimed nobody would lose their coverage with his healthcare bill.
Tough cookie?  That's sexist
She sucks! Folks should be worried about people like her. She dangles money in front of you while taking your rights away behind you
MA citizens should be proud to have a senator that works hard for her people. She has their backs. :)
BOT ALERT!!!!
Homebuyers, #housing & #RealEstate consumer advocates: discuss http://bit.ly/MassAGOv3  w/ @SenWarren tonite? http://bit.ly/WarrenRETown  #RECALL
Bet you'd love to get really close to her. 
Unfortunately she's an AG more@intersted@in making laws rather than enforcing them
Billions in fines from banks went not to harmed borrowers but to left wing groups. BILLIONS !
Squaw go back to the res
so you're saying she does have native American Indian heritage?
So she claims, send her back to the res.  She is absolutely disgusting
your right, she needs to get off the backs of all the US based global nationals, let 'em pilfer us all in peace
Senator Warren calling you tough is high praise indeed...she is a rock of reason.
How does this help me?
“@SenWarren: This is great news for thousands of MA homeowners. @MassAGO Healey is one tough cookie! http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/08/11/thousands-mass-homeowners-refunded-assurant-subsidiary-for-improper-insurance-charges/8iCN0hD3sGuTR6p0ev3loJ/story.html …”
How did they get away with it in the first place..........you people get your palms greased by the very businesses you shut down...HYPOCRITE
Miss Venezuela, as any good socialist, you are glad to have more of your constituent dollars to spend.
Can you please move to Florida & take care of our mess from Scott?
You know what would be great news! If he won your seat
Wishful thinking, Gregg.
And, Thank You Senator Warren for continuing to work so hard for our country.  Even the ungrateful benefit from your work!
Maura Healey is For The People of Massachusetts.  Thank You, Ms. Healey!

Not a good choice of words cookie
More tax money paying for someone's mistake!
Is she a liar like the one we know in the Senate? Take a look and see.
With the economy the way is going home renters could get a low interest rate in their mortgage.
Maybe she should challenge you for your Senate seat, just saying!
That's awesome shitbag. Now they have more money. You can raise their taxes again for more free shit for someone.
Amen sister
Did she lie on a job application like you did?
But Trump is not going to permit that. The money should go to the Rich. The others? If they don't like it, they can get the hell out of here
Massachusetts is a better state because of Sen. Warren!
Crazy Warren
They should review your books Pocahontas
LIAR
No help from you...
What was the pay off
The good gals
Please work to stop Trump from getting the US into a nuclear war.
won't happen, all just idiotic bluster designed to deflect the Russian probe
Hope & pray that you are right!
They should be refunded their votes for you! #RecallElectionForMass #VoteLizOut
Members of congress can't be recalled and Warren is not losing her senate seat.
He didn't invent email, and a Republican is not going to win a senate seat in a state where Trump has a 29% approval rating.
We're so lucky ... !
How abt  passing SP health ins, that would alow millions of ppl to live in peace??
So great to meet Maura Healy at 2016 DNC - our country needs more AGs like her!
Perhaps you two should have read Obamacare before you Elizabeth voted for it! Pelosi we hv to pass it so we know what's in it.Beyond stupid!
She wasn't in congress when it was voted on, dummy.
She hasn't done anything to undo Obamacare DUMMY
Why would she? It's an excellent bill. Why else would Republicans not be able to repeal it after promising it for 7 years?
Becz members of the swamp who includes Republicans don't want Trump to succeed! I thought I could keep plan, my doctor all lies they knew it
I was told there'd be death panels and that full time jobs would vanish.
Full time jobs did http://vanish.Baby  Charlie Gard was killed by a death panel. We don't want that in the USA WE must have free market!
@_Glamstudioj
How about the news about Trump? Starting wars???
How about PRESIDENT TRUMP stepping up against an enemy that has been ignored by previous Presidents
So true Patriot Anthony, POTUSwill go down in 2024as greatest President EVER. His rating are skyrocketing this week & so is his voting base
By 'tough cookie' do you mean 'nasty woman?'
One more year and Massachusetts is voting you out. #WORD
Put down the crack pipe.
That's a democrats drug fool
