Making our military stronger is far more important than virtue signaling.
How is forcing ready and willing soldiers to leave or hide making the military stronger?
They are sissies not soldiers. We want our enemies to fear us not laugh at us
Transgender soldiers kill as effectively as anyone else in the US military.
Wrong
Saying that doesn't make it true
Just the same as what you're saying doesn't make it true.
Folks, transgender soldiers are already serving with no issues. Please show me one instance where a soldier's sexual identity affected them
I would much rather fight side by side with ANY brave transgender than Donald J. Trump. Period. Full Stop.
Do tell us about your fighting experience, great warrior #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
replying to DLarge and ivan manson...my first husband fought in WWII and was a mid air gunner on the Lancasters that flew nightly from 1/1
2/2 England to bomb Germany. Only 1 of 4 ever came back. So do NOT speak to me about service. I have been there. Now, share what you did??
you asked. I gave you my story. Now let's here about your service dear.
21 years, US Army ... my father and son military, also. You want to claim honor or service? You're a joke #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Lmao are you serious? These mentally ill "transgenders" want our military to fund their sexual reassignment surgeries. Waste of money.
Bet u wear alot of brown shirts, huh?
Red, white, and blue actually.
I'd say ur all white. Picking on women is the new patriotic? #FakeChristian bigot.
Who said I was white? You should practice what you preach.

Hmmmm that's true. I guess they have to understand for a lot of ppl this is new.
Should we allow the overweight to serve? How about the drug addicted? How about the undereducated?  When will standards trump PC?
Extreme Ideology? You mean Islam!
XX=Woman
XY=Man

Unlike climate change this is settled science.
Sex chromosome variations reach the double digits actually.
Yes they are called mutations.
Unlike the former president?
Current estimates of the prevalence of transsexual individuals with GID are approximately
1:11,000 natal males and 1:30,000 natal females.
Prevalence for trans ppl cannot be determined. Here's why and an educated estimation. https://jennaware.com/prevalence-in-the-u-s/ … #transgender #transsexual
LIKE YOU DEMOCRATS THAT LEFT PEOPLE BEHIND TO DIE WHAT IF IT WAS YOUR BOY OR GIRL OVER THERE DEAD
The left hates science
Lol nice!
7K out of 1.2 million; not effecting readiness. Just have them serve as the sex their chromosomes dictate they are Can't change chromosomes
Yes! Beat that drum repetitively!
Can someone please shut this crazy woman up?
You kill me #WeaselWarren!  You know squat about military affairs missions or the makeup of its people!  I'm sure you think you do....#Joke
This is sharia law
Our president* just verbally confirmed to the world that he is in fact a bigot who makes military decisions without talking to military
Thank God!
He has attempted to kill the moral of the American people.  He failed.  Now he is going after our Hero's in the military.  He will fail!
Get your gender reassignment thru Obamacare and if survive,join the military
The key here is common sense, of which she has none!!!
We will warn Donald did not have the character or intelligence to be commander-in-chief. He is dangerous to our military and nation
I've suggested @realDonaldTrump fight a transgender Marine on @HBO. Winner decides. 7 Billion have signed on to watch!
His bigotry is more important than our country- it's been obvious.Nxt women,Gays,then ppl of color..
You have no idea what you're talking about
tell her boo
Yours is the extreme idology
Hormone therapies compromise military agendas
Really don't believe that a draft dodging non military traitor which is fake POTUS should be making or trying to make any military decisions
If a soldier has this elective surgery  are they eligible for military compensation if things go south? $3200 a month wouldn't depress me.
Shut up Pocahontas lol
Prove this will make us weaker. As a matter of fact, you can show more proof that this will make us stronger.
Trump/Pence have made their mode operandi clear based on hatreds and division. Now Sessions DOJ instructions to the EEOC it is an assault.
Thats a great point Liz, I hope it falls upon open ears
Actually YOU make it clear that YOU care more about the Liberal agenda than Americas safety!

expect bannon's people are an impetus
He cares nothing of anything except himself
I freaking love you!!!!
Smoke a peace pipe
Trump doesn't give a fig about transgender people or the pain he's causing. This is the latest attempt to distract the nation. #TrumpRussia
Everyone better watch out the fake Indian is on the war path LOL
Not to mention the coward repeatedly dodged Vietnam because his wittle toe hurt. @potus #transmilitaryban #TrumpRussia #PutinsPuppet
He proved he's a little boy with a great big box of guns and he wants to shoot them off, like his tweets.
Again, you have no idea what you are talking about you are not the Commander in Chief & his generals advised him You have no clue politician
Your ideology is so perverted. You only speak for those who think the same perversion.
#DrugTestTrump
I think it's the fact it costs a lot of money for all the hormones, if there prepared to pay that themselves then they should be allowed
And your crew cares more about winning social justice war than...winning actual war.
When are we going to take action against this man who stole the presidency  & drains our faith in the democratic process more every day?
It makes no sense that a racist would only want straight white guys to die?! Does he listen to himself?
He ran on building up the military.....?
Old Liz got it backwards again. Oh well, just turn the old gal upside down and shake her a bit. It won't help fix 'er, but it's fun!!! 
You have no clue about military readiness. His generals' stars carry more weight than your fake headdress.
NO you are the one with extreme ideology.
The man with 5 deferments and who was never even in the Scouts. Sadly, Potus seems unhinged. Keep up the good work Senator.
Trump wouldn't know whether he was Arthur or Martha or Jack or Jill. He is utterly all over the shop. A real problem for America.
the problem with health care is the amount charged by hospitals and drug companies. U will never have great healthcare without controls
Do you know about military readiness?
See you LIED ABOUT YOUR HERITAGE SO NO ONE BUT THE FOOLISH BELIEVE A WORD YOU HAVE TO SAY
Senator POCOHONTIS
He is listening to his Military Leaders not to fools like you that know nothing. You are a disgrace to this country
Get him out of the white house. The quicker the better
exact opposite actually......
Blame it on most insidious hate group in America, Evangelicals. These guys give Christianity a bad name. Poisoning the ear of Dolt45!
It's like his own Sharia type policies. Trumparrhea.
I really don't believe he cares about any of it; just looking for easy targets to rally his supporters
This kinda fits. Paraphrasing Barry Goldwater. "You don't have to be straight to shoot straight".
It will do just that.  I wonder how many trans officers in the military?
This whole thing apparently was done to make himself look like a big tough guy to a few transphobic Congressmen. Bullying 101, our trum-pie.
"Thousands of troops", who are you kidding...
Trump doesn't serve America but the 1% and his twisted ideals of straight and white is right. We're a nation moving backwards getting weaker
Maybe Sessions is a ruse to distract from Trump's transgender ban he owes the religious right for getting elected.
We must not accept his psycho-babble tweets as valid. @Potus should be forced to work through Congress as it should be. Not like a dictator.
it's a shining object!!
I didnt realize you were such an expert on military readiness. When did you serve again?
Plus he doesn't own the generals but MY generals tell me he is full of shit
Talk to troops lady. They should have a say in who they serve with.
Great work sir! Thanks for keeping out country safe. The bullshit PC liberal narrative serves only to weaken our great nation



He got confused & fired loyal patriots for $8mil? @realDonaldTrump #Resign @SpeakerRyan #ImpeachTrump
Given enough time, the end of capitalism arrives in which immoral business figures to eat its customers.
What's the truth of our world is that human love can never be dirty; the dirt is reserved for unlawful endless war and poverty at home.
All people have the right of self-determination. Give us true DemocracyNow. Where we can all live in Peace and Freedom.
Disagree. I think it's says he's clearly guilty on Russia and is attempting (badly) to switch narrative. Don't be fooled.
Military sovereignty! You mess of a woman, if you really are one!
Respectfully, no, he cares more about manipulating his base into believing he agrees with and stands for them.
The only two genders in this world are Male and Female !! Very Simple ! Stop trying to force this Extreme Ideology on everyone !
military isn't an "experiment" ..gender dysphoria is psychological disorder. Under guidelines akin to color blindness.
Your are out of touch we are tired of the bullshit you want us to be PC and in or out but I am not paying for the added expense of this
SO MUCH FOR"SUPPORTING" THE TROOP Mr.T
Keep in mind this came from a draft dodger...
We don't accept people with mental illness in the military.

Case closed Pocahontas.
Did you replenish your soul visiting with this guy?  
https://twitter.com/Millennial_Matt/status/845460049380212737 …
Yes, Not accepting the reality of your biological gender is extreme.    What kind of screwed up logic do you live in?
Yeah, cause when you're going to fight a war, you gotta have chicks with dicks
@SenWarren, he's nuts. You know it, everyone knows it. Cut to the chase. #ImpeachTrumpNow
And he cares more about himself than even extreme ideology
AND LIBERALS KNOW NOTHING ABOUT MILITARY READINESS. THEIR WHIMPS AND COMMUNISTS. NO BRAINS. ANYTHING GOES.. WE DON'T SUPPORT MENTAL ILLNESS.
Trump forever best president. Ever god bless. Yoy
To bad you have no common sense.  Perhaps then you could see beyond your nose.
He cares about keeping the bigoted religious Christian rights votes.
And you helped get him elected, by backing the #WallStreet shills instead of @BernieSanders.
#OurRevolution is coming
He doesn't even care about ideology.
SecDef & the generals are in a better position to determine what's best for military readiness than some military-hating lefty.
That, and he's a Nazi.
That too.
Dear @SenWarren and @cenkuygur could it be that 45 is paving the way for his now VP to pardon him of wrong doings later?
he cares about energizing the few sheeples he has left. This is disgraceful
This is the only place I agree with you
If only you cared this much about Vets who have served with honor and are still waiting for treatment at the VA...
NO HE DOESN'T CARE. It's a distraction. a sop to "conservatives."

Any volunteer trans is TOUGHER & more combat ready than tootsy toes -cotton candy hair-draft dodgin' donny. (My daddy paid my way- SOFT)
No. Not really.
Just like you and communism. You don't care about our kids just to push your agenda. At least he is not a fraud or pimp like you.
What is wrong with you?
14 per 100,000 = about 200 transgender service people....
Fauxcahontas speaks her native tongue .... bullshit
Thousands? By the VA COUNT in 2016 was less than 200 per their VHA study.. nice try Fauxcahontas
there are thousands of transgendered in the military?
his MO is sensationalism, he doesn't even have to say smth to Say Smth all he does is spout garbage to cause trouble-should know that by now
Transgenders are less than 1 percent of the population of the USA.  In fact they are 0.03 percent of the population.
Distraction is his middle name.
Have you ever served in the military??? I didn't think so therefore you know shit about military readiness and focus!
You are on social media way to much? When do you ever work?
People who can't figure out which sex they are aren't who I want fighting with me.
Shut up
Trump attacks Democracy every day
A bigoted, cowardly, psychopath with no boundaries, empathy or self control. Time to take a stand against Trump, impeachment protocol! NOW!
That's the only way don can hold any power. He knows he has to control the fringe elements because the majority tell him to take a hike.
@realDonaldTrump is a domestic terrorist. Born and bred, radicalized by Fox and Brietbart. He is a menace to our society. #PublicEnemyno1
He DOESN'T HAVE an ideology. He made a deal to help him get budget support. He would throw any of us under the bus for a "win"
Just like when you and your Democrats CUT military spending, or you don't want to talk about this.
Interpreters, doctors, engineers, military people serve.
Liz-military readiness-u do understand when someone has a gender change it takes   y e a r s  - to join their military forces-not readiness
Transgenders comprise 0.1 to 0.5 % of Our Military. Uh I think Our Military is ready w/ or w/o them. Live it before you preach it! Okay?
He care for nothing but himself the rest of us pay for it in more ways then one
When's the last time you took a shower w/ a Transexual? Did u ask the females in the military if they like it? Do that 1st then come back. 
I think he is firing up his base!
But making the decision to change sexes isn't extreme ideology? Alert: chromosomes matter. Your opinions don't.
please - it is YOUR side prioritizing ideology here. Generals advised him to do this. Compared to them, you know squat about this issue.
he acted on advice of generals - who know WAY more than YOU do about military readiness
Its a distraction from #RussiaGate & #Trumpcare We need 2 stop running down his rabbit holes. Ban will b a process; why litigate in one day?
#TermLimts forthcoming
If only someone had warned the USA about #DonTheCon #LiarInChief oh wait @HillaryClinton DID 62 million just did not want to believe #idiots
Senator please we must get rid of this administration
Normal biology: Pochahanis: You r extreme ideology.
Plus how can he say what would or wouldn't interfere with the job when he has never come close to doing the job himself
Since the president likes to give out names to people let's give him one , Dishonorable Don
I was not allowed to serve because I have titanium screws in my leg 4f. Not everyone can serve in this capacity. I would have been a burden.
You have just made it clear that you are clueless and care more about encouraging political divisiveness than you do about our troops.
U r loosing your damn mind please #retire
Hey Fauxcahontas, ask any Vet or active duty military personnel how they feel and they will 100% agree with @POTUS!
US Readiness is not in Putin's interest
When Trump takes us all to WWIII they do not have to help us out. He let the enemies of the US know we have a lot. More casualties to come.
@POTUS is putting politics ahead of national security. #MakingAmericaUnsafeAgain

Gender dysphoria is a documented mental illness. Mentally ill people shouldn't be in the military. "Full stop"
Looks like with this decision you won't be allowed to join the military
Thousands, really? You're such an exaggerating piece of work! Why don't you just stop talking for once and listen to military leaders?
@SenWarren- seriously, are you THAT deluded? Oh wait, my bad. YOU ALWAYS HAVE BEEN. Give it up, for the love of God.
.... still living.  If our kids are serving,  WE  want to make sure they are safe from foreign and domestic violence.
The tweet about transgender people in the military doesn't read like him.  He doesn't talk or think the way that tweet was written!
He wants money not people!
As you well know he's a sociopath with a brain the size of a pea.
Trump is a STIFF
Does anyone see the irony in POTUS w/ 5 draft deferments who did everything possible to avoid serving his country telling anyone they can't?
@CelaineF Elizabeth,  once upon a time I didn't know anything about PREEMIE BABIES.  I'm proud to say I'm the mother of 4 preemies,  2 .....
He doesn't care about anything except power.
Can't help but think this is just a huge distraction to the bigger issues -
Too bad you opposed tax payer dollars for transgender healthcare in the past, glad you're evolving https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/124170140475 …
Anyone willing to serve that meets the physical/ psychological requirements of the military should be allowed to do so.  Period.
Gender reassignment surgery is not military readiness.
He is the worst liked president EVER!
I believe this is Pence's agenda.
This is what he WANTS.
Unrest, havoc, chaos, disruption, deregulation.
It's part of #twitler's rise to authoritarian power.
But we all knew this already right?
Ur tweet makes no sense. The decision is clearly a military readiness issue that over rides a previous social engineering policy.
By protecting M's of Americans from being forced 2 pay 4 ppl 2 play gender swap @POTUS makes clear that he cares more about us than politics
But he pays 100 times more for Viagra for the military.
"He pays?"
You me you and I pay.
Last time I checked ED wasn't a mental health issue
Blablabla I'm sitting squaw and I hate everyone else that doesn't agree with my whacked out ideas. Blablabla
