is he focusing on the wrong ideas? Are you psychic? Or naive? You have no idea about terrorism
@JamieObama like native American diversity? BWAH HAH HAHA!
Oh my God you are so bad at this.
nah. Bad is your girl Liz and her BS. Really bad is idiots like you running with it.
projection. Another liberal trait. If only your mom would have had the morning after pill....
Not a liberal, but I wouldn't expect your pea brain to be able to handle that.
Also funny to see you engage me as if we're in "debate" when both of us know full well what's up.
You lie to defend fascism to opponents who aren't fooled & supporters who don't need fig leaves.

Oh how I wish you were our president @SenWarren ! sighs
Why do you people draw to these narcissistic autocrats. She LIED about being Cherokee. She'll lie about anything
You're not perfect so why  do you demand perfection in others? That's not what Christianity is
@indianguytweets @SenWarren
Acknowledgement of a sin is a Christian trait Go & sin no more Warren hasn't done that Or will
Warren's actions are much more Christian than any of yours
Really? Does she personally visit prisons? Help victims of sex trafficking? You don't know me
I see a lot of anger & hatred in your heart. Jesus taught love @SenWarren makes laws that protect people. 
@indianguytweets
Like her pro abortion stance. You are twisted in your thinking mam
You're right. Now please do something about it. Tweeting platitudes won't undo the damage. We need real, progressive leadership.
The executive order allows people to flee religious persecution. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/27/us/politics/refugee-muslim-executive-order-trump.html …
Or in the NYT
People w/docs getting shut out of reentering the country NOW, some with US born children they can't get home to.
that's not how it works lol
why
@charles_gaba Senator hope you plan to vote against Sessions and Devos.
LAWS you dingbat Btw, community org ignored his JV team, genocide
In what country were you born-what do you flee.  You claimed to be NA at one time.  Show me your Dawes card...
I thought that you were Native American.....
YES we are but you have to come here legally and not expect US the taxpayers to support you or fear that you are a terrorist
I am proud of our diversity not a racist and I love President Trump not troublemakers like you
hate immigrants, he hates ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
Yup. If you are a caucasian person in the Americas, then at some point, your family were likely immigrants too.
*you're
Not all Muslims are terrorists and not all terrorists are Muslims!
I know some Muslims & they are no more a terriorist then you! They are sweet people & you're a closed-minded troll! Good Day!!
@annabelames I love her
@LeonKrauze I think the operative word is "were"
PLEASE SHUT UP
I would like more than platitudes right now. I want aggressive obstructionism please.
What are YOU doing besides Tweeting?
I've marched, volunteered w local orgs. I've asked friends to join local DNC. I talk to red state fam abt abortion
I also spend at least one night a week working with a group on a police reform bill, support NoDAPL, other issues
but y'know if you read my timeline, you would know all that. Stop assuming all of us only "bitch on Twitter."
you are right b/c you are active. Sorry if I offended you but I get frustrated with many who vent but don't take action.
and were influenced by IRIS. Do you remember 911? Do you really think that's all they got for us? They are here
This particular immigrant is very, very pleased to have you in her corner. Let's go. Let's do this!
do you work? Do you fit in and respect the country you live in?
and for the first time in history do we have so called refuges wanting to harm their host
Mr President you delete your account we want a leader not a creepy tweeter!
and its not really out president's account either
wow. Hate America much?
then you must hate common sense and decency.
it's disgusting that on #HolocaustMemorialDay he chooses to make such announcements.
you don't have to be pro Hillary to note that holocaust Remembrance day is an inappropriate time to do it
Did I mention HRC?
makes sense now, didn't work in my head at first 
it's cool. :)



Like I said racist Kirk. Don’t be afraid to show your face. And if your alternative facts mattered it would be a whole different thing.




seriously?
you should move over there and give em a hand. These people wreck their own countries and you want them here?
Unless you're a Christian. Isn't  that right, hypocrite?
i dare any of you to move thel town in tennessee where the muslims have take over live there see how you like it
yeah and you let people in that take away our chritianity, our freedom and safety by raping and killing us
Thank you!!  "Give me your tired, your poor- your huddled masses yearning to breathe free..."
5) Obama gave trillions to Erdogan to build wall between Syria and Turkey- Syrians being turned back - so shut up
4) In EU Merkel planning to return 100,000 refugees back to Greece- who has been reduced to a holding pen for Muslims! TRAGEDY
3) not Trump who created Isis- Obama and Hilary =USA, Saudis, Israel- genocide of Christians - so shut up
2) Pres @realDonaldTrump is not disputing USA diversity. not Trump who invaded Iraq, Lybia, Afghanistan, fuelled Syrian bloodbath
You are a country founded on systematic slaughter of indigenous populations by those fleeing religious persecution- Embarassing
yes, but doing it with caution should not be protested, makes democracy look stupid.
don't we know it.
@VanJones68 Why are u helping this bastard by confirming anyone he is proposing to his cabinet help him with his racist agenda
LEGAL IMMIGRANTS!  If you can't comprehend the Constitution, you should NOT hold public office.  RESIGN!
Please, do something about this insane administration..
Yes! But now have incompetent, dangerous POTUS and white supremacist Bannon in WH. Very frightening!!
please do something about this @SenWarren  
@MalikMujahid keep sending smoke signals
You are a dangerous person who has made a career of lying (remember lying about being Native American to gain employment). #MAGA
Strong by diversity? Are you one of those who are part of the group physically attacking Trump supporters? Yes, I think you are.
what is the problem; are you making up your own version of the constitution? You are a screwball?
thank you for the follow!
CORRECT, that are HERE LEGALLY!! Otherwise,
we need to not create 16y of war in ME countries. Taking refugees in from wars we created is not going to solve prob
How would you protect my grandchildren from terrorism? Just allow potential terrorists in by the thousands? No vetting? Tell me.
@NicholasTerry3 So why were persecuted Christains from Muslim countries admitted inequitable to the amount of Muslims???
stop this mad man before he destroys this country and its citizens!
Wow, never realized what completely out of touch lunatics Warren attracts. 

Thank God obama killed the dem party.
Those days were about over thanks to cretins like you and enemy obama. 

We now have hope. You need to stay out of the way.
muslims are  now saints,  the innocents of lives  they continue to slaughter  does not matter. You share in the blood
I know! There's also quite a few of us who claim to be minorities when they're just plain old White Vanilla...  Who would do such a thing.!
Why aren't you sponsoring refugees with your own money. You live in wealth and expect taxpayers to pay you and support refugees.
Problem w democracy is that it's numbers game, not abt goodness.

When evil rules, good leaders like @SenWarren will be overruled.
Nicely Said. Gather your allies in Congress.
We are a nation of laws.  Didn't you take an oath to uphold the laws of this country?
We have a president - support him - give him the chance Obama had. This is just unbearable.
we have a huge debt to pass on to our children, let us reduce it. Why are you and your colleagues so unpatriotic?
The immigrants are supposed to follow our laws.
lots of talk about impeachment. I am in agreement. How/ who starts the process? We need your help!
stop the lies difference is my grandparents wanted to be American not America speak their language
There you go again playing the victim card!
Who are you preaching to? The airport employees? Doh! Try to unite Americans, rather than divide. Go home & let travelers pass.
@
most of these immigrants are not refugees open your eyes Lady step outside and go take a look at Europe they are overwhelmed
@TheDemocrats hey Pocahontas you and head clown need to retire
your point? It still is.
difference between settlers and immigrants. For example settlers didn't have a comfy safety net (welfare) like imigrants. Ya nut.
@TheDemocrats I think that they need to be more vocal and do what the republicans did to Obama.

vote against trump's appointments so we see how you really feel
how about you do your job and put #AmericansFirst start by stop protesting and actually get to work in your state
ONLY WHEN YOU UTILIZE EQUALATERAL DIPLOMACY DOES THAT WORK.  YOU ONLY SEE YOUR SIDE AND DO NOT CARE ABOUT FREEDOMS FOR CITIZENS
Yes we are a country of immigrants/refugees.America was always great trump is destroying US Democrats Stop!Him! he's just a man!
immigrants and refugees? Hold on, I thought you were a Native American. Oh forgot that was a lie to get into Harvard. Nevermind
6 of 7 countries on so called #MuslimBan have a #BanOnJews. Don't care about the latter? Don't lecture about the former.
@waltjesseskylar like you are a Christian. Would never put another comfort before the safety of our children. If you were.
such a shameless pose...such a windbag...such a non-factor for democrat party campaign 2016...such an angry men-hating tool
When they kill someone you love then you can speak! Its not about religion. Its terrorism!!   You are a mess!
USA is under fire.  When Trump messes with one American citizen,  he messes with all of us.
We will never b Sharia n You have made alliances w/ the devil & so has your daughter. Life comes at you fast. Vetting not Ban
except for diversity in ideas
Bush did it why is it a big deal Trump is doing it? Sooner or later they have to figure out the immigration law.
We all agree but you failed to mention we are a country of laws!

It's pathetic that you don't understand.  We have legal ways of coming to our country.  Potus isn't against legally coming.
YES BY A PROCESS SET IN PLACE BY THE CONSTITUTION HOW ABOUT ENFORCING IT YOU TRAITOR OF THE LAW OF AMERICA
please dont forget u didnt complain when Obama banned refugees for 6 mths
u didnt say anything when Obama banned refugees for 6 mths
a country build by immigrants on land stolen from natives is now banning entry of immigrants. Sick!
@TheDemocrats ...but come here LEGALLY! In order to make your argument, you blur the distinction between LEGAL & ILLEGAL!
Pls go work for Soros since you are playing right into his agenda for U.S.. There's a reason he is banned from other countries!!!
they need to be vetted first. Deal with it Lizzy.
we are ditto ....
to come to america the right way. THIS COUNTRY HAS ALWAYS BEEN ANTI ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION now they're enforcing it. Trump doesn't+
of course you don't, because that's the news that you see locally, people get left in hot cars and die, instead of just trying
than I do? Come down here, I live just miles from the border, do you know how many people die trying to get to freedom?
that my family who is here legally can't get benefits but someone who is here illegally, doesn't pay taxes gets more benefits +
this country is also being brought down by immigrants, my family came here illegally but did it the right way, how is it fair+
Our ancestors who came here did so legally & assimilated. They did not try to subvert and change our govt or Constitution.
I'm old enough to remember when immigration didn't pose a threat to innocent lives.11,000 + attacks in 2015 shed different light.
20,000 + lost lives all innocent victims of Terrorist attacks 2015. The responsibility where it belongs, within Muslim community.
seems like now or in a country with the dictator and not a president.
Are you willing to with hold consent to block Trump nominees. No time for political correctness!!!
please help me my sister got stuck in Vienna airport and they banned her for getting on Airplane
And of course American Indians like yourself
We are all immigrants. The native Americans must be laughing their heads off.
The democrats own USA terrorism as of today. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Trump45
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah...just end the "War on Drugs", already.
Senator why are you not protecting your own country? American people have right to safety & freedom. Voters wont forget this one
we are country of 40M descendents of American African slavery what's you plan for us?
People are fleeing there country to bring Sharia & religion here! You are crazy to think those people will come & drop religion
We are a country of LEGAL immigrants! When Indian land was bought we wasn't even the united states yet!
Do you know the definition of legal?
except 4 Christian people who are not allowed rights & freedom to express their opinions or anyone not of same mind as majority
yes we are, but none of mine were Radical Islamic Terrorists. When you can tell me who is and isn't, let me know.
dishonest HYPOCRITE
something has to be done about Trump and it's up to the current Democrats to do it,when will you all act?
when do the American Citizens come first. There is seriously something wrong with you. Stay in MA they want you New York doesn't!
I retract any message in my previous email. You totally disgust me. Why don't you go back and start riots in your state not mine!
Obama left the Christians in Iraq to be slaughtered. Remember?
we love you
do you gain votes by stating the obvious all the time?
Thank you ELIZABETH WARREN for standing up for America God bless you
2013 obama banned Iraq refugees for 6 mos. 2015 he signed law restricting visas from states of concern 2016 DHS expanded it..

@realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics IMPEACH TRUMP DEPORT MELANIA
@bentuftsdrums Yes ma'am. So please do more than tweet. And do it now. #Governdonttweet
3 sticks short of a wigwam.  Heapum Cra-Cra Squaw!
except for you Pocahontas you were here from the beginning
@TheDemocrats Resist every Trump EO. DONT VOTE FOR ANY CABINET CANDIDATES.We have dictator. If DEMS don't fight him who will?
a country is made strong by diversity, any more than a family is. Unity =Strength
Yes we are a nation of immigrants & refugees. But do we have the diversity to let in terrorist, murders and rapist?    .
Yes, but we mustn't abide fascism & racist violent ideology anti-human rights pro oppression of women and JewS.
No problem admitting if they are vetted first, we are at war with Muslim extremists. Terrorists and sympathizers must be kept out.
I sure your Indian ancestors agree with you. LMAO #Youarenolongerrelevant
Steve Bannon just took over our government. Do something about THAT, then you can tweet.
you voted yes ??? For his nominees . Please we have to get them out EMOLENTS CLAUS#no Ban #i am a Muslim
Me. Warren please rally the decent people in the @us_house_reps if there are any left! What on earth is going on? Please fight for justice!
How many refugee's do you have living with you?  Please set an example and we will follow.
I stand with you!
