But Government should run health care?
Every citizen should be entitled to it ( and education& security & mobility & nutrition& water & comma) based on needs not means..
The government runs education how is that working out.
I never understood why companies were allowed to collect this personal information in the first place.  IMHO they should ALL be shut down.
Probably b/c GOP passed Legislation allowing them just as they did letting ISP to collect anything we do on Internet without our Consent.
Civic gives people tools to better control their identities - https://www.civic.com/  @civickey
You figured hijacking a tweet about the evils of the credit reporting industry to advertise your product built on that evil was a good idea?
Do you know anything about Civic? The idea is that data silos are destroyed and all ID information never leaves your device.
Device data protection doesn't protect you from a credit reporting agency.
If the credit reporting agency didn't retain any of that data?
I am confused by your premise. The credit reporting agency collects and sells data independent about you.
They collect and sell that data regardless of your devices. They collect and sell that data regardless if you have ever engaged with them.
If they only receive a hash, what exactly are they going to do with that?
.@SenWarren @Equifax 
Legal database company Westlaw can copyright PAGE NUMBERS and we can't even protect our most private financial lives!
Agreed 100 pc.
Perhaps you can inform your fans of importance of voting & voting for (D's) going forward in case some have missed that point @SenWarren ?
Experian is no better.  Our credit score and ability to get fair credit is held hostage by unfair practices they claim are not their fault
Use @PayPiePlatform
I wish that they would erase bad stuff
Always passionate!  Love Senator Warren.
issue w/medical bills on reports it’s not like I went out & splurged on junk now have bad credit because got MS #discrimination
Please run for president in 2020. Please!
,
Give them hell, Elizabeth! 
Finally something smart comes out.of your mouth
Warren is awesome!
Senators supposed to see problems before they happen.. there’s no excuse for waiting until the horse has left the barn... get some insight.
I agree go get em Elizabeth??
Elizabeth why are you commenting on Equifax
Yes
Sen. Warren, your amazing!!! Really Amazing!! How can I help?
Credit-rating corps are the new State religion - Bless me Equifax for I have sinned; it is 31 days since my last creditcard payment..."
yes give people the ability to control their credit scores - embarrassing Liz
Keep up the good fight Senator! We support you.
you should propose abolishing equifax and their ilk.  they are predatory criminals and should go to jail.
#KEEPonLYING
Amen , you really hit the nail on the head. We are not the customers of these companies , we are victims of their corporate greed.
So consumers should control their own credit data, and government should control their healthcare.  Ok got it. Cripes, do you hear yourself?
Preach it!
There's a technology called blockchains emerging, it's perfect for owning your data securely and cutting out middle men like equifax.
Show the clip where the reporter asks u about being the rich 1%er and your self righteousness response about your poor upbringing.
Love the video clip w U shacking your head as though u care. U r part of the rich 1% that u claim to hate.
Good idea
Buy $Civic ! #Blockchain #Civic
I've been warning public about #equifax since my 2001 lawsuit accusing @equifax of #defamations, #negligences, #corruption & #conspiracies!
Well here I am liking something @SenWarren has said - Well Done, You are right, but you've have only spoken about it. - Now do something !!!
Just freeze your credit....
That would be nice
I'm frozen and will remain so
There you go again Pocahontas.
You gave your buddy a pass after her husband deregulated Wall St., she voted for the bankruptcy bill. remember this?
Ooooooooooooh! She said that!!
Too late. My info is out there now. We deserve free credit protection FOR LIFE.  Now!
Not crazy about her generally, but right on with this onr
Credit bureaus share everything about you EXCEPT a credit freeze. Each bureau  has conditions and fees, internet issues, not enough staff, and if you finally get through, they send you right back to their web site. Please FIX THIS SCAM!
Elizabeth Warren for President.
Impeach Now
Equifax is creating customers for themselves. Steal consumer info from us then we will sell consumers protection to our customers. Fraud..
This is 1 smart Lady.
Pocahontas heep big a-hole speak with fork tongue
Stop them all together. Broken
I hope you run for president in 2020
Liz you're broken and this country would be a lot better off if you retired ASAP
#HR4HR
You are nausiating.  As a citizen I demand an investigation into Hillary Clinton Emails and that front known as her foundation.
Who even drinks that kinda beer. Obviously a bot

You are so correctly on track just as the fast train, we pray God will provide enough Congressional support
OMG a Senator who truly cares for our well being! Thank you Senator Warren. Peace be with you
Government is slow and don't really want to give them that information the less they know about me the better
It s blatant theft.These guys should pay for their mistakes.Throw these thieves in jail.White collar crime.That s all this is.They profit.
Will you be returning campaign contributions from Weinstein? Do you disavow him?
Right on! Can we now have a conversation about gun control? Oh yeah,  n PRicans r committing suicide. Such a great response they r getting.
Almost lost house loan bc I went to collections for erroneous $70. I never knew. Said we don't call for that sm amount!
Your 100% on point!  #ConsumerProtectionMatter
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/03/equifax-irs-fraud-protection-contract-243419 …
Yes I concur use of SSN totally insufficient out moded need better tools
Elizabeth Warren for president. She's an Advocate for and by the people unlike Trump.
The why did the IRS engage Equifax??
Woke up in backwards world where Warren has said something sane. Going to lie down.
Agreed equifax is stupid but bad timing Sen, you were yelling at Wells and Equifax this week when you should have tried to get rid of guns

HELL YA!
I could not agree more
soooooo.. why did the IRS just award them a multi million dollar contract?  hahaha
How is this even possible? They should not be winning more work http://blog.executivebiz.com/2017/10/equifax-lands-irs-identity-verification-support-contract/ …
Amen.
Thank you for working so hard to protect our personal info
One of the few times I totally agree.
This senator is broken! Stop political drama. Get to work Elizabeth!
This uncontrolled greed while Puerto Ricans beg for food and medicine, #AmericanGreed #GOPShamefulLegacy #MEDICARE4ALL #livingwage
Why don't you get a government agency in charge of verifying claims of hereditary connection to minority groups Pocahontas?
That’s code for...more govt control
Exactly!!!! All 3 bureaus can eat S and die
I agree but what about Equifax and their new deal with the IRS? How do we stop that disaster in the making?
So your pal Harvey is a perv.  Keep taking his money.  #fraud
As always, great job @SenWarren!! As always, you seem to be the only one asking the tough questions!
Stop cheap political drama senator! Help with serious issue facing the country and suspend your presidential campaign!
Those Equifax executives need HARD TIME in prison and not multimillion dollar parachutes
You are the biggest (and whinniest) hypocrite. You charge 400k to teach and cry about huge student loan burdens of our youth.
Equifax is a scam. Con artists willing to improve your 'score' for the right price.
Also why are you awarding them with a $7M to fix system? Explain! Just more crooked government! You will never win again!
Here’s a better idea.  Don’t use credit cards.  Live within your means
Do you just watch the news and then appear at the podium with false outrage.  You are so transparent.
All companies like Equifax should be shutdown.
And this rhetoric from a person who is herself out of control.
Interested to make some extra money income. http://celvinteampresentation.blogspot.com 
The first logical thing I have heard you say @SenWarren
You are broken but I don't see anyone replacing or fixing you. Do you propose getting a medicine man to do a dance Pocahontas?
Oh, really, but you love the illegal aliens that have been allowed to steal peoples/children's identities in this country!
Sounds like another government program.Don't you already collect our info with NSA? Government can't run anything.No more socialism!
Awesome rationale
You can’t even answer your own phone with out it being a scam or telemarketers.
Please make equifax pay me 5$ every time they sell my data.
This is the same woman who served as TARP administrator & personally handed out billions of our money as bonuses to crooked banks.
It's pathetic when they put stuff on your credit that's not yours! And then drag their feet when you try to remove it
Please, please allow us to opt out of Equifax when making a loan. Until they can assure against ID theft. Making profit is even worse
Yes !  Credit rating system is broken.  So is Congress
Warren you are funny. You are talking about something that has NOT works in decades “only for the rich” & now government what’s to fix it 
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
funny, so you want less government control
Your scamming some how
I agree. I have felt that way for years.  The way they compile the data is crazy and they don't care.
Absolutely!
Credit reporting is a scam in itself, then comes the extortion
Seems when you're thinking of running for potus you start doing something useful, and stop bashing the @POTUS #transparentlikeawindow

And the IRS give them 7./2 M to fix it any can tell me Why? You do a bad job millions lost their SS etc 
Why aren't any of these companies accountable to anyone?! Senator Warren, fight the good fight for us!
Where are the Civic morals when needed, or greed has taken over the sense of morality
Thankyou. Finally someone gets it.
When such organization we're being made, was it to secure public or to manipulate them financially economically for benefit of the govt
They need to be disbanded
Equifax just received big IRS contract.
I can't believe I actually agree with her on this, but wait, didn't the government just award them with a Hugh contract?
Tell the IRS that just signed a 7+ million dollar deal with them!!!
@Equifax isn’t responsible enough to deserve our information. Company should be dismantled IMO...
thank you for fighting for us
Thank u @SenWarren
Enough is enough. The credit reporting industry is broken. I want consumers to have control of their own data – not companies like @Equifax. 
Blockchain power.
Yes! Yes! They sell our data. They lose it. They put our lives in danger with their policies.
So it's not Enough yet for the Black on Black killings in Chicago? So when will Killings in Chicago be Enough? Is it close? Or do you Care?
Literally just convinced me to buy $EFX - Possibly best @CNBCFastMoney pitch ever. @MelissaLeeCNBC @GuyAdami @petenajarian @karenfinerman
Credit Reports destroy basic opportunities for the most vulnerable people ;one illness,late/missed pmt. credit gone.
The entire credit reporting system, including fico is bad for consumers. It is designed 4 landers 2 make more money. Needs 2 be fixed. All 3
I believe these companies have too much control over people's lives
Who created them & why were they allowed to grow into a business that controlled our lives?
Thanks so much Senator Warren you are so right.
Yes! The CRAs are BROKEN & puts Prople at RISK.
Thank you! I’m a victim of identity fraud & it’s been the worst nightmare ever!

That Indian woman needs to calm down!
The sad part is Equifax is actually going to make money "safeguarding" the accounts they let get hacked
Sen. Warren, I may disagree w/ you on other issues, but you are correct here. I represent Microsoft @ http://identity.foundation  - we can help.
Now, not only do I worry about losing health insurance, medicare cuts & being shot at a concert, I have to worry about identity theft.
Thank you! I am tired of not being in control of my own information. Equifax should be charged as well for hiding the truth .
#ImWithHer
Then ban the collection, buying and selling of data in the private sphere. Make it illegal to require citizens to EULA away their rights!
Ur bad hair is broken waren ! Wake up this entire country is busted up thanks 2 libtardmod communism progressives like u
Too late now, our information is out there. If mine becomes breached or used by criminals, there will be a law suit. Not paying for it!
The credit industry is just that. Isn’t it a conflict of interest to create reports and then sell them to both the creditor and applicant?
Thank you Senator Warren. I wish more people in Congress was as selfless and worked as hard as you do for us.  You're terrific!
Go get them
Most coherent think she's ever said, but can I also elect to shield my personal information from the government as well?
Thank you Senator Warren! Equifax has the fed pay its bill?! Outrageous!
I love Elizabeth Warren, always fighting for what's right! Keeping fighting for us. Don't get weiry. I'm praying for you.
Let's take #control of all three companies #Equifax #Experian #transunion, any of your #colleagues in #Congress taking on this #challenge?
this i agree with u e.  go get them.
It's was broken way before now 
Thank you for so doggedly defending us!
Yes I SECOND THIS thought
Thank you Ms. Warren.  Please stay vigilant.
Yeah, so every broke-dick can get credit enough to buy a bunch of shit they can't afford and then stick us with bill
Thundering Liz 2020!!!!!
THANK YOU @SenWarren! I've zealously protected my personal data all my adult life. Now EQUIFAX, thru THEIR NEGLIGENCE, put me at risk! IRATE
I love this lady who fights for justice.
@SenWarren, you started the CFPB, which regulates the CRAs.  If the industry is broken, why have you waited so long to fix it #grandstanding
Who the he'll knocked some sense into Lizzy?
Bravo!
Currently, you don't legally own your own data.  That needs to be fixed.
@spooner_lindsay @Equifax Nobody's credit score should even matter at this point after what happened to this economy.Clean slate!
Like ur own private servers ?
Ooo she even @ them too!! #savage
Many areas seem to be broken.
They had their chance and they proved that they will not protect your information unless required to do so in the face of serious penalties.
Luv you Liz
Aren't you part of the 1% that you constantly rage against? $350K for 1 class & you want to complain about student lenders? Give me a break.
I want Equifax to provide me with free coverage from Lifekock. Make it happen.
