Hard to imagine that people in Mss are so dumb as to elect a fake indian who is a ripoff artist
Republican Senators should read Sessions' speeches in The Congressional Record.  He will be reading their emails.
Sen. Warren, thanks for being the voice of reason, Betsy DeVos' confirmation failed the American people on many levels
B DeVos paid and in her own voice a radio campaign for Mich Gov if we voted democratic they would take our SUV's away.
this was a number of years ago, I think during Jennifer Granholm campaign
this kind of lying to American public is despicable partisanship
You got elected senator....... same can be said of you #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts #fauxcohantis
You should've rejected Ben Carson
You have a lot of time to spend on Twitter. You're putting out a tweet every 1-2 minutes. That's healthy.
You could take up painting.
don't like the term Berner as I like sanders and don't appreciate it but you shouldn't mock disability
Thank you for your efforts!
You are wrong about Betsy Ross I mean Devoss you are not qualified to be screaming your lies
Thank You for taking a strong clear stand by voting NO on Betsy DeVos! Our children's education is too important!
If she signs a questionnaire promising to do all the things you want her to do, would you vote for her then? #disconnect
You aren't for the ideals that most of Congress access themselves.  It is about your face in the news. Lying
go back to stealing positions at Harvard
I hope Carson was supported due to promises by repubs to block Sessions & DeVos. 
Thank you for standing up for public education. (And thanks to all your staff working late for the filibuster!)
you voted for Ben Carson!
Id dems can't work with repubs to reject DeVos then the party really has no future. Make it happen. 
Yeah for Betsy DeVos she is in.
thank you for speaking up for ALL students
My college attending grandchildren are appalled that this woman is becoming the head of DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. WTF?
@Solutioneer72 @usedgov and Sessions both are unqualified
please vote NO to Devos.  She is unqualified
Unqualified in the dictionary?  Definition: Elizabeth Warren.
it’s also hard to imagine a more unqualified nominee for HUD than Ben Carson….yet here we are
I disagee. Before Carson, I didn't know pyramids were used to store grain.
Carson?  No?
They could put you in charge of it! Your current record of failure is evidence enough of how you would further ruin @usedgov.
it's hard to imagine a bigger blowhard in the Senate...
Unfortunately, the Senate is letting the POTUS run amuck, so they'll confirm another unqualified candidate.
vote NO to Betsy DeVos
No they need to reject you right out of your seat and stripe you of your pension for not supporting citizens.
You are nothing but self serving and a liar. You want us to have poor education, attack by terrorist. You lied to get into office lie in.
DeVos is the WORST among a crowd of miserable cabinet picks. We cannot put our kids' education in her hands!
look in the mirror Dorkie
Absolutely! That was the worst job interview I have ever seen!
Less qualified?  Maybe Ben Carson, WHO YOU VOTED FOR.
You should've rejected Carson for the same reason.
Carson may be incompetent but he hasn't spent his life lobbying to destroy the very department he was nominated for
His incompetence implies he'll very likely be pressured to do so by others.
He also openly admitted to endorsing Trump in exchange for a cabinet position, which is illegal.
Now if Trump made that deal with Carson, than how many others did he make that same deal with?
thank you for fighting. Legal segregation is happening in urban areas under the guise of charters.
yes deny her!
but why did you vote for Ben Carson to head Hud?
Please, Senator, run for president.
The protest in Holland, MI today was lead by many who have lived results of DeVos' dangerous policies. MI says no to her.
yes.  Reject her!!
reject all of them
@MAHAMOSA @usedgov Send her back to high school  #reality
As a teacher, I dread 4 more years of "schools are failing!" Our public schools rock, despite the lack of support.
I can give you a head start not too hard…Clinton,Sanders,Pelosi,Boxer and you Squaw Fraud or democrat
you are such a hater!What the hell ever happened to you?I mean, hateful about every freaking thing?Find Jesus-he'll help
Maybe we need to check a certain senator's finances?
yet you were ok with Carson?  The blood is on your hands
why do dems want to continue to suppress the city poor from school choice and great educations
Rand Paul is on the fence. Call him 202 224 4343
Thank you Senator Warren!
yes, and Pruitt too.
Your constituents should reject YOU
It's hard to imagine a less qualified POTUS. None of you care about our country.
As an educator, I heartily agree.
pretty soon you and your liberal wacko views will b rejected. just like your liberal wacko obama. bye!
How's that undisclosed line of credit going, Fauxcy?
Yes, but will you? #RESISTANCE #TrumpLiesMatter
Yes careful, Devoss may be pro-family, pro-country, pro-God, and God forbid, pro-life!
@DDGoldfarb @usedgov dangerous agenda as well as not qualified. Please spread the word to vote NO
Please tell @SenAlexander to listen to his constituents! http://wkrn.com/2017/01/27/education-protest-held-outside-sen-alexanders-nashville-office/ …
fakeahontas, why don't you tell us about campaign finance ethics and the 1.3M undisclosed HELOC of yours instead?
ummm...you need to go...a liar...about heritage twice. Lied and didn't disclose 1.3 million. Transparency much?
Senator, liberals are energized; don't lose them. Adopt GOP playbook and fight like hell.  Remember def. of insanity?
Senator, trying to look reasonable by going with Carson in hopes of stopping DeVos? Being "reasonable" hasn't worked.
I have never seen such rudeness & hostility toward someone who has spent 30 yrs trying to help children. Disgraceful.
They are ALL unqualified. But the Dems are still voting for them.  It's almost like they're collaborating with Trump.
Her speeches were as well thought out as DJT's are. She must have pd  for her education too. Eppic fail though. So sad
The senaye should reject pocahantis because she is for the teachers union, not a good education for children. #dts
You must resist or your overall goals will all fail. Not one inch! Stand tall and #fight for us. Or leave
...the people reject you, no child left behind & common core...
As well as rejecting Ben Carson.  The man has ZERO qualifications.  My dad lives in public housing, how about him?
@RyInCBus @usedgov / Easy solution: get rid of the department.
@HalSparks then vote no, it's the right thing for all of them!! Vote no!!
yes, please!
- do everything you can to block DeVos appt. She's categorically unqualified. We can't afford that level of ignorance.
please filibuster her.
Ben Carson is totally unqualified, too. You shouldn't have voted for him. Housing matters. @usedgov

God help the education system.
NO on Betsy DeVos!
thank you. please also vote no on Sessions, Pruitt and Price!
@HarpNinjaMike @usedgov I agree. But what about Ben Carson? Really?
Republicans have sold their soul to Trump God help America can we survive for years a lot of people don't think so
if only his cabinet nominees were put through extreme vetting
Your moralizing falls completely flat and has no credibility after your vote for @RealBenCarson.
the democrats can put on a monkey show for their donors, in the end, Betsy DeVos will be appointed!!! hahahah!!
reject DeVos
I would think she would be so humiliated after her lack of ability to respond, she would want to drop as a nominee.
Yes i agree
Senator, dangerous to what besides the status quo in public school? Every kid deserves a great education like your granddaughter
absolutely. Worst choice for the position. Tell CT's Chris Murphy.
- pls say u will vote against
i agree so speak out to the American public get us on your side speak the facts we have your backs you are our voice
Forget it, Sen. Warren; you voted for Carson. Are you deaf to what Dems & your constituents want? You've blown it; support gone.
They should reject you.
@Suzie4Hillary4A @usedgov   Vote NO for Devos!
@mugs236 stay strong SenWarren!
i just heard that moderates are being talked to by DeVos and she will most likely be confirmed. True?
DeVos hates the disabled like my daughter.
It's hard to imagine someone as kooky as you as an US Senator.
thank you senator Warren for being so tough on unqualified people for cabinet positions. #badass
@RepComstock @SenWarren @usedgov Please confirm you will fight to keep Mrs Devos away from the Dept of Education!!!
I can think of one....  Elizabeth warren.  Least qualified woman to lead anyone or anything.
But you voted for Ben Carson???!!!
agree, but why yes to Ben Carson???
what about Ben Carson??
how can we taxpayers help with blocking this?
please stand strong!  Do not let these people ruin our democracy. We are not an oligarchy!
please please do not let her pass
really
@hoosiermum Noooo kidding Also, kinda pissed Blues aren't putting up more NO votes on Trumphole cabinet Fight harder!
https://usuncut.com/politics/trump-obama-executive-orders/ …
Fauxcohontos what are your qualifications to become a Senator?
@Yukitopian @usedgov ALL appointees should recieve a resounding NO. Support America, stand up against the GOP bullies. Vote no.
just fold and vote all of them in
wampum
Thanks Senator Warren for being a voice of reason!
Good! but why on Earth would you vote for unqualified Ben Carson?
that's right! now convince your republican colleagues. @BetsyDeVos is unqualified, an enemy to public ed
well said!
@moonalli @usedgov Senator, I don't want my taxes paying for a wall. I don't want medicare or social security cut either.
@JuddApatow @usedgov why? Cause she's not a bogus Native American like you?
ALL of Trump's nominees deserve NO votes from any self-respecting Dem. Super disappointed in your vote for Carson.
@SenAlexander I'd agree. Certainly there's a more qualified billionaire who would take the job.
I'd say the same about Ben Carson and HUD
you should reject that entire cabinet
TERM LIMITS !! lol
For too long, liberalism, ans allowing vices to grow among our children, Virtues need to be developed.
@SenFeinstein vote no on devos
- My wife, a 15yr 1st grade teacher, marching in NYC last week was carrying the same message #dumpdevos #RESISTANCE
I entirely agree re her qualifications but most of #TheMarmaladeMenace 's nominees qualify as dangerous & >inappropriate
She has 5.1 billion qualifications according to Trump.  Thats all she needs.  Now the 1% are totally in charge.
No one is more dangerous than Jeff Sessions. @SenWarren @BPDmisconduct @usedgov
actually I think u r correct on this 1/she's 2 weak. I would've ripped u a new one with the level of disrespect from u & dems!
just tell the truth. You would never be happy with any pic that a Republican picks. Your just a squawking hen
dangerous ? 
America wants to reject you #fauxcahontas.You're a spiteful, jealous, petty, liar. Go far away. Soon
they
yes her only qualification is a millionaire GOP contributor. Please stop her for the children
I took the time to listen the hearing, I'm a single mom. Freshman daughter in HS, I was horrified. Thx 4 rep. #NotDevos
..what was ureducation like while living on reservation? Did u really have dinner with sitting bull? Impressive!
 @MadJewessWoman
@BPDmisconduct @usedgov Right on! This one is a no-brainer.
dangerous is the best way to describe DeVos. Wrong for our children.
change should to must
it's hard to imagine a more fake Indian #Fauxcahontas
thank you Senator! #Keep the pressure on
yes she is not qualified for the position
also why did you vote for BEN CARSON??????
Hope your promise doesn't end up in acceptance like you did w/Carson.
@jasoninthehouse
we said the same about you and have been proved correct now go away
You vote for anymore Trump nominees I will financially support any Dems that runs against you. Shame!
can we expect that you will not vote in her favor? #symbolicresistance #pleasestandwithus
Thank you for voting against Devos. Please also vote against Pruitt for EPA. Proud to have you represent me in the senate.
@JuddApatow @usedgov
@eegarim @usedgov
I can think of one. Ben Carson. You voted to confirm him. So much for the fight huh? This spinelessness is why Dems lost
Democrats in the Senate need to start fighting. We the people are frustrated by their inaction. FIGHT!
Very sadly, Senator Warren, @nikkihaley is MUCH less qualified for her position & much more dangerous!
all snowflakes please find a safe space. The adults are running the country.
