Kind of like Clinton failing to inform all of her bleached emails
Sen. Warren, the breach is only tip of iceberg. Doesn't the whole credit score system need to reflect greater consumer protections?
The insiders had to sell their shares first... Let me know when they go to jail, because they were trading on inside information.
From my 37 years in a large corporation, there always will be pressure to withhold bad info until it has to be reported. (1)
(2).  Perhaps there could be a requirement for timely public disclosure.  After all, these are publicly held entities.
(3) and the shareholder's interest should be protected.  (Selling just before public disclosure is a violation of shareholder's rights.
And perhaps insider trading laws. To sell with knowledge of non-public information impacting stock, think this qualifies, as illegal.
That is illegal by current law. There has to be proof that they knew. (My opinion as I'm certainly no law expert)
seriously! '800's for the whole bar!'
Equifax may also charge fees if you request a credit freeze. Which of course doesn't freeze new credit requests reported to the 2 others
GO AFTER them @SenWarren make them compensate victims. Their stock sell off and tepid response to protect are egregious financial crimes. 
Better yet @SenWarren, craft new legislation that reforms the credit bureaus in the peoples interest.
How are the Execs who sold stock prior to the breach disclosure going to be handled?
@MarthaStewart went to prison for something similar, so I think we should start there.
And also is not IMMEDIATELY offering credit monitoring protection.
Truly a racket.  Will they charge people to monitor their own vulnerable credit rating that their own insecure systems sabotaged?
...and even if manually monitoring your own credit rating is free, who ends up shouldering the work?  Not the company who let the wolf in.
So many impacted that an appointment is needed to file a claim on line! Once the free time is up they get to sell us protection. Outrageous!
90 days to let me know why my credit & id was under siege! So irresponsible!  @Equifax  I knew about your leak almost as soon as you did! 2/
And paying for ads for identity security in the black web 
AND, then making us wait another month for "free" Identity Protection!  Why not implement it immediately on their end?
It's insane to aggregate sensitive personal information this way. "Customers" is a misnomer. Who of us has any choice about data gathering
The funny thing is they are the only real consumers of this personal information as well, the ones who verify creditability via the SSN.
& to protect ourselves from their aggregation they persuade us to sign up to their regular reports and other identity protection products
and do the unpaid labor of ensuring they haven't caused us any trouble by monitoring our own credit.
Isn't the main risk that Equifax (and friends) start approving credit to imposters they enabled?  SSN's can no longer be a secret ID.
The Equifax data breach started mid-May.  My credit information was compromised Memorial Day weekend. I didn't know where the leak was. 1/2
http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user3303/imageroot/2017/09/06/20170908_efx.jpg …
Just wait until tax season. I'm not looking forward to "return filed" rejection codes on efile. What's done is done, but dismantle Equifax.

Because of that they need to pay every customer money and wipe out all people's credit report and start everyone's at 800, fresh start!!!!!
I thought the same thing. What the fuzz @Equifax ????????????????????????
And sold stock before announcing the breach.  Poor Martha Stewart was punished.  How about them?
Terrible!
Equifax' rights to exemptions from class action just because people find out whether they were compromised should be declared invalid.
Corporate America is run by non benevolent people.
Yeah no shit. The class action should come from the people whose data was compromised.
End to end encryption get out of the way and let companies protect our data!!!!
Come on. Give these poor guys a break. Their execs needed time to cash out before breaking the news.
Unbelievable
Terrible!
My 2 major concerns. Foremost Consumer Protection issues. Then the appearance of Insider Trading by equifax executives.
they have our personal financial data w/o needing 2 get our consent.The credit reporting/FICO score system is deplorable
Not to mention 3 execs profiting by selling shares. Please make sure they are prosecuted.
And they want further deregulation of the financial risk industry
Is it illegal? Get some legislation going girl!
U seem to be "outraged" by many things. Why are U not outraged by the violent groups that the Dem Party supports?ANTIFA,MS13,BLM!
It takes awhile for the lawyers to craft the legalese to protect the company at the detriment of the customer.
Well, the execs needed to cash out their stocks, priorities you know?
Exactly! What use is being an insider if you can't use secret company info for personal $$ advantage? #InsiderTrading
Hope they have to give back their scam money, and have legal consequences ...
But only after they rapidly sold their shares of stock?!?!
Outrageous is the fact they will get away with it
Oh my god, oh my god, and if you knew what would you do?  Please let me know.
Now seeking an highly successful trial attorney to file a lawsuit against Equifax.
Will there b federal charges agnst @equifax & it's irresponsible & incompetent mgmnt? Jail terms? Or do we pay price while they get profits?
Doesn't surprise me. Slime Feds at the bottom of the trough.
They were busy selling their stock before they told anyone else. #InsiderTrading #equifaxbreach
They needed time to sell off stock, so ....
Not to mention 3 of their execs selling off their company stock shares day before the announcement.
And top execs sold stock after hearing of HACK, Criminals!
Liz, obviously Equifax executives needed that time to execute unplanned stock sales. Otherwise several millionaires would have lost money.
SEVERAL!
lawsuit!!!
While top execs dumped their stock? Perhaps an inquiry...
I wonder if Equifax also has files on government officials, including top people.
You obviously don't care about mgmt's equity holdings, first things first.
Need an insider trading investigation as their execs managed to dump millions in stock before it went public.
While the bosses sold stock #crimes
Execs had to sell their shares
Thank you so much for speaking up about this issue very much appreciated  !!! From : California.
And officers sold stock. If true isn't that insider trading?
They needed time to sell off their own stock in the company before the news broke and the stock prices went down the tubes.
Democrats leave us at risk for the rest of our lives.
And @SenWarren, @Equifax wants more personal information to tell us whether we have been breached. N-O. Those using our data could enter it!
Do something about it your opinion is just that and it wastes everyone's time tell me what you can do about it or get out of the way
Hire me, Sen. Warren, I'll be happy to help you gather up as much information as needed.  This is a fight worthy of my time and yours!
I'm very serious too.  I need a job!  My experience would greatly benefit you and the millions affected!
Ohhhh how this, and many more breaches, burns me up!  Technology, what good is it?!  Give me back paper, written cd's, and snail mail!
If that information, of debt, isn't hand delivered to the 3-B's...then it's not considered past-due and collectible.
There should be nothing live on a database!  Nothing!  Will people demand a change?  I'll be absolutely surprised.
What else is new, Sen. Warren?!  Get rid of paper, rely on computers; hence, the demise.  Bring back snail-mail, thumb nail to transfer info
And what about the insider trading by the execs? They should all go to jail!
For a month?!  Do you realize how long it takes to clear your good name from identity theft?!  7 years, if no one listens to their dispute.
But Liz... they had to sell their stock first!!! DUH... 

Please get the @FTC to investigate @Equifax
Will they be fined? Sued? This is inexcusable!
As I said to my Senator there needs to be Congressional action on this.
Agree but corporations aren't know for their honesty and laws of decency do not apply to them. Not all just majority.
Had to give execs enough time to unload stock on unsuspecting investors.
And they were just offering to search dark Web for your SSN before this came out.
Nobody even seems to care!
How or why is it legal for their execs to sell shares and steal from their share holders before they announced this?
Do you know what is outrageous is Congress and the President knew of these hack and did nothing to solve the hacking crisis,
well, you know, it takes a little time to secretly sell stock.  boy i'm glad they made a bit of money before the bottom dropped...
Sadly, most of us still don't know if we were among the group of compromised customers!
They were too busy selling stock in their own company.  Isn't that insider trading, but what do I know?
It's so outrageous that YOU VOTED NO TO AUDIT THE FED! $9 TRILLION doled out to thieves. You want it all hidden.SHAME ON YOU..Part of swamp!
Agree with you.All business are doing this.For the sake of losing their good name the banks and employees aren't allowed to disclose breach!
You are the master of the obvious. The execs had to dump their stock before the people and the gov have at them.
So when will you go on TV and blame Trump for this?
They neede the time for their execs to sell off stock before an announcement
Needed to dump their stock.
Ever heard the expression that you shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house?
Insider traders need to do serious jail time. Tired of white collar crime being treated so leniently
Their response still leaves millions vulnerable to phishing attacks, see: https://securityequifax2017.com/ 
I checked!  I was affected. Why didn't they notify me? Why did I have to find out about this on Facebook?  Unacceptable!!! I want an answer.
Until execs pay with jail time (fines are just a cost of doing business) nothing will change.
Congressional inquiry!!!! Followed immediately by an Inquisition!!!
They had to delay long enough to dump their stocks. Don't be so critical, jeez.
Why don't you get in the government for withholding info on IRS abuse, Benghazi, fast and furious, etc?
Can you sponsor a bill that would regulate corp. whom hold our sensitive information? We do not opt-in to credit bureau's. Time to regulate
It's also very coincidental the three Equifax executives sold massive shares of company stock
just one week before!
So what are u going to do ????
What about dnc wasserman schultz crimes hillary crimes. U hypocrite
Oh, give 'em a break. It takes a while to dump your stock before you make an announcement.
These guys should go to jail.  They were worried about their own finances not their customers.
And the insider trading? Hope that's being investigated.
And they sold stock days after, BEFORE disclosing the breach. #onepercentstrikesagain #greedisapoison #gluttonouspigs #shameonthem
We all agree it's outrageous , do something about it!!
Welcome to land of regulation less for Wall Street. Under trump they are free to steal.
FOT?  (Friends of Trump)?  The execs had to sell their stock first!
Do you not realize senator that they needed time to dump their stock?
#SEC
Even grosser that we don't even explicitly give them the information.
& it's often wrong #Equifax
Yeah, good point. Your comment helps how, now?
Where you outraged when the DNC took longer to report there own cyber attack?
Also outrageous thst they waited until after they sold their stock to disclose. No excuses.
Such a pro at blaming others instead of yourself and your ilk. U are gross.
Sen Warren - the equidax registry platform for those affected is rediculous. Pls look into it.

Hmm. Billionaire businessmen making laws that govern other billionaire businessmen. Sounds good to me!
But not surprising. And for sure they will try to embed a $19.95 or $9.99 recurring monthly charge somewhere in the "free" monitoring offer.
And in the meantime, @Equifax executives sold their stock:
http://www.marketwatch.com/amp/story/guid/CF39420E-9424-11E7-ABA2-C43A401C9AD2 …
How long has it been congress addressed the security breach of the #awanbrothers ...still waiting - they have access to national sec items
the Banking Committee must review the exec stock transactions, if only for complete transparency.
Their execs needed time to sell their stock. Thank you @AGSchneiderman for looking into this. Where is @TheJusticeDept ?
Waited to announce between 2 major hurricanes. As if we might not notice.
The time was necessary to unload some stock first
Of all to be angry about this year - this put me over my edge. EFax collected data, jeopardized it, did not reveal, while execs sold stock 
The credit agencies are enormous scams. They are just massive data aggregating and data marketing companies.
It took so long because the insider trades had to go through.
Thank you 4 the very late information- now a site to see if u were hacked?
Senator Thank you  for your support!
Chief Lizzie....how about you stop ranting and do something about it ???
Ah, so it's a bank. Cue outrage from warren.
It takes a couple hours to sell off all your stock...
Good luck getting a good price now!
Where's that dude from the Free Credit Report commercials? I feel like he would be helpful in this situation.
I went to the website Equifax set up, and called the number to ask questions. Only source poor employees have is...the website.
I feel for those poor folks. At least it's Friday, right?
Lines open 7 days a week 
I truly believe the corporate schmucks that make millions a year and hire crappy security companies should be the ones answering phones.
They had to sell their stock before raising the red flag.
Charge the CFO for insider trading
It wasn't needless. Equifax officers needed that time to sell their stock.
Doesn't matter since there isn't a whole lot I can do about it anyway.I don't have pw at Equifax to change.Can't chg SSN or Birthdate.
They should be held accountable for ALL people effected that get their identities stolen and lives/credit ruined.
I presume that's how long it took them to get their legal ducks in a row to protect themselves from any legal repercussions.
It took that long so execs could sell their stocks
And they want folks to sign up for their "free" monitoring service which inevitably will start charging folks and waived their rights
This should be corporate darwinism.  Equifax failed.  Let Transunion and Experian eat them alive.
And who hacked equifax?  Someone that couldn't get voter information perhaps? Hmmm
Piss poor cyber security from this pitiful administration.
Nice they admit it finally and what are they proposing we do about something they caused?
@SenWarren whoever gave these corporations permission to collect our personal information and make profit off us anyway, do we have rights?
This company CANNOT be allowed to continue to operate.  Their JOB is to hold our most sensitive data.  That's what they do. Shut them down.
so put some teeth in cybersecurity legislation Sen. Warren; don't be outraged. Do something about it.  Massive fines?  jail? Strengthen laws
Why doesn't congress have protection for our identity in place?
The execs need time to sell their stock and cover their own interests
Equifax puts America at risk every day that it publishes unsupported and false credit information under our names
I want to know who signed off on their SOC audits as well as PCI and others.
So what is the definition of insider trading?
What's more outrageous is that Equifax leadership sold assets and options to get rich after they learned and before disclosure!
And no reprimands???
It's ok. They'll be ruined by class action suits.
what about executives selling off stock? can you look into that? @SenatorDurbin
I want to know more about them selling shares before announcement to make a 1.8 million profit.  Is that for real?
They needed time to unload their soon to be worthless stock. Gotta cover themselves first!
What should we do?
Sounds like the democtats on the @DWStweets IT scandal ...
#FRAUD
And call attention to the fact that we are not customers by choice. They take our info w/o permission for an industry created for profit.
Time for Congress/Senate n FTC to investigate and regulate them. Time to protect American citizens
They need time to dump their stock...
Remember that it took a year for the Fed to disclose 2m employee records hacked. New laws need to be passed: breach aftermath & security
It's actually ALL of America because adults have credit histories. Other half is too young. The lost data is a copy at #Experian #Transunion
And their executives sold stock conveniently right after it happened.
You forgot they make you waive your right to sue if you check if you've been affected. Shady as fuck
Such a waiver will never be enforced, it will be void
Don't forget the INSIDER TRADING! 
Some execs needed to sell stock before disclosing.
It's amazing that you charge $400,000 to teach.  Maybe College Professor should be paid $15/hr and really help make college cheaper for all
Blame it on Trump
Any corp that screws up this badly should be shut down. Exxon, VW and that Japanese maker of fatal airbags for cars (bankrupt).
will congress pursue those employees who sold stock prior to the public announcement? #Equifax #equifaxbreach
I was thinking the same thing when I read the article after hearing it on news last night...
Something to do with execs selling off stock before they decided to reveal the breach. From what people are saying. #Crooks #TheSwamp
The executives needed time to make their sell-offs less obvious.
Why can't we regulate companies that hold our sensitive info, force security standards, penalize for breaches, something, anything
You mean like the EU does? SOCIALISM!!!
Their executives also sold their shares BEFORE revealing the breach! Clearly #InsiderTrading
Had to sell stock.
I'm also outraged that some high level employees dumped stock just before the breach was announced. What recourse is there?
The CFO, director of ops, & director of US systems selling stock 2 days after the breach is totally unrelated to anything.
excited to see you played by @rainnwilson, Mr. Mudd
Me too! Looks good
Sen. Warren: I strongly urge Congress to review data collection, stewardship & security practices of all corp's. Surveillance is outrageous.
Does anybody know if there is a class action lawsuit against @Equifax going on? Because this is bad...
from a company you cannot pro-actively "opt-out" from!!!!
And most republicans still believe that all our faith should be placed in companies to look after us. Because apparently they care about us.
Didn't you know THE BIG THREE ruled the world? There's no accountability for them. Even Trump is impotent :)
