no one cares what you think. Too many suffering under ACA.
Please share what the NE Journal of Medicine thinks of Price http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1615714 …
Retweeted, gladly!
He keeps saying All will have  ACCESS....NOT same as all will be covered.
Remember T was going to drain the swamp.. well he's filling it with billionaires who could care less about all of us!!!
@realDonaldTrump all #Trump nominated cabinet members are substandard ignorants individuals who are donors to the @GOP
it seems that #TrumptheIdiot nominated individuals based on the amt.of $ they donated not On ethics
thank you for protecting us citizens
As a Georgia resident, I can tell you it is abysmal here.
@Solutioneer72 @HHSGov he's not qualified to do anything productive. Except resign.
From a fam of MDs we are always wary of TV and political MDs.  Like other professions, being a real MD isn't part time.
Thanks for asking the tough questions that needed to be asked!
you want be satisfied with any rep regardless of qualifications.
-lets face it ONLY Communist methodgy would suffice for her and Bernie !!
she is amazing
we the people say NO!!
doesn't have to convince you.  BTW, President sets the policy.  Not the other way around.
one wouldn't give marketing officer a naval admiral job, ergo Price and DeVos should not be considered with 0 experience
understatement of the year.. #HHS #Price #Warren
got a problem with everybody in Trumps cabinet it looks like.  You're such a useless bore.
He must not be confirmed.  Terrible candidate. Thank you for your assertive questioning of all.
keep fighting the fight Senator! Thank you for all your hard work,tough questioning and no nonsense stance #RiseUp
Obama syphoned millions more $$$ from Medicare and used it for nefarious purposes; YOU didn't say anything about it,and endorsed the action.
@the_other_kimk @HHSGov 

He is a Deplorable.
I agree- #priceiswrong . He does not stand for all Americans' health. #blockprice #stopprice
This is one of those MDs who has perverted the Hippocratic Oath.  Good job in pointing a bad one @SenWarren
good thinking!
I don't think Trump is willing to defend the security of the United States, and you need to IMPEACH him! NOW.@senwarren @hhsgov
GOP "Repeal and we'll get back to you" plan will not provide patients with serious preexisting illnesses affordable care.

your political grandstanding and barking will not prevail. ALL nominees will be voted in. Now stand back watch us go
thank you for being the woman you are. Please stay safe in the troubling times ahead. We need you. #LoveAndRespect #Freedom
if you were up for a hearing you would get hammered over this topic and rightfully so!  You have a integrity issue
Mrs. Warren with all do respect you lied on a job application and you should be disqualified as a Senator
I don't know why you'd even give him the benefit of the doubt!
thank you for continuing to protect us from the worst nominees in history.
He looks out for those who can pay.
I'm not convinced YOU possess ONE decent quality. I find you completely devoid of integrity
Senator Warren what are we to do? They are all so terrible! As an educator DeVos is a nightmare. Price is a crook. Exxon in the state dept?
you were great today
He's pro lining his and the rest of MD's pockets period!
after your disgustingly racist tirade against Dr Ben carson, you do realize No one cares what you think #Fauxcahontass
completely agree. Thank you for demanding answers!
Not out of true conviction, these people have been bought off by rich special interests. It's just payback.
,
@sherrilee7 @HHSGov no he's not. Please don't confirm him.
that's funny we are not sure why you still hold your job
Vote NO!
You went from a scholastic expert yesterday to a medical expert today now tell me what are great Senator 
you are 
We don't care what you think or why. We only want you out of office
We know and convinced you should step down as our Senator
I am convinced that is simply  not his agenda.

I don't think he's right for job either
How much Wampum would it take to convince you? #fakeahauntis
He dam sure can't screw health care up more than Ayatollah Obama and his crooked dem/commie henchmen
Thankyou SenWarren for stepping up to protect and enhance our health. I Your husband adores you as soo many Americans do.
Do you have a rationale, or just your "feelings"?
per all of your tweets no one meets YOUR standards oh yea that's because they are republican ! #Trumpwon
Vote NO
Agree.  Medical degree does not automatically confer ability to lead a healthcare organization.
He was an orthopedic surgeon. I know several. They are glad to not have to deal with trials/tribulations of general patient care.
Who does that in Massachusetts?
and your job is to represent demarcates and republicans in your state I don't think you are willing or able to do that
not convinced! His answers show he is not!
he just wants to take away healthcare from people who need it. So the rich can get richer. WRONG
another day of  non experienced cabinet picks, by yours truly.......unfit himself.
OMG Obamacare sure didn't protect the rights or health needs for anyone I can't afford my Obamacare quote doctors were horrible
liz its too bad your mom didnt believe in abortion as im sure you do.
Pocahontas. Get off your high horse and give them a chance.  Took 8 yrs to make this mess with BHO and rest of libs!
He's a profiteer who's more interested in denying access & reducing care. Directly in opposition to goals of the agency
Majority of ppl feel the same way
who are healthcare reforms/laws supposed to benefit? The insurance industry or US citizens?  FIX dont REPEAL,
unfortunately the rich don't have to worry if they can pay their medical bills or feed their kids. Everyone else does.
.@SenWarren @HHSGov as long as he makes money from it, Tom Price will do anything.
you aren't convinced of anything other than freeloaders
please please consider running for #POTUS in 4 years. #WeDeserveYou
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Repeal your healthcare plan before you attempt repeal of ACA! Hmmmm.
if ACA is so well done. Give up your health insurance and take the ACA plan and publicize it. You won't
We believe his main objective will be to increase his net wealth & worsen access to others.  Appreciate your hard work!
Lizzy, you would not accept any one President Trump proposes! Admit it!
bc they all suck
I'm not convinced you have Indian heritage.
PLEASE make Massachusetts PROUD and Vote NO on EVERYONE of Trumps Cabinet nominees....
We will be watching!
https://www.facebook.com/TreasonistTrump/posts/1686570641635723 …
His job is to protect the rights of American ppl. In healthcare, not make YOU happy!
Well he certainly knows how to line his own pockets at our expense.
You are so correct.
no one cares what you think....what exactly is you expertise in this area pochahantas
Ethically challenged Price shouldn't be allowed anywhere near HHS. Ask him about his "sweetheart" biotech deals.
You go girl!
Problem with the GOP is that, to them, only those rich and/or white are "Americans"..
IF DEMOCRATS ACT LIKE THIS A EVILCOMMUNISTANTI AMERICAN ! IWILL NEVER VOTEFOR A DEMOCRAT AGAIN ! I AMDEPLORABLE
Yes, indeed!
Confident Trump's nominees wonder how NOT to have eye contact with @SenWarren
As an educator and law professor, how can DeVos or Price be confirmed?  They bribed or SEC violated to be nominated.
-->In the abilities catagory, I would take Tom over you (Liz) in half a heart beat.  Glass house? Throw stones?  #tcot
I'm not convinced you tell the truth i.e. Fake Indian.
que dit dit vou des heur avec le cap a blé le travaille dembulan
keep fighting for us Liz
Neither are we! Which is why we'll continue to call & make office visits
#PriceIsWrong #MendItDontEndIt #SaveACA
hopefully others will speak out! Love seeing a strong woman!
Maybe he misread it to say "enhance & protect the WEALTH..."
Hey, as long as he can wet his beak every now and then with some primo stocks, he's good.
You are questioning His ethic's,, morals
Motive?
saying u will stop gov any chance u get makes ur opinion not mean shit. Get a clue
I'm not sure some of the dem party is mentally stable 2 handle their jobs!
Only if he can make money off of it as he did w/ medical device firm.
What did @POTUS Mean when he told Putin P.M. he would have more flexibility after his election? Y doesn't this interest U?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ???? Abosolutly nothing !! You are a one and done senator !!
I dnt think any republican can or wants to ever do that. It's all me,donor,me,donor,me,donor #notrumpappointments
Thank you for taking these picks to task. Please let us know whom we should be calling on the GOP side.
i doubt @RepTomPrice has ever been concerned about anybody but himself.
"Willing?" How about "capable?"
