He is. In fact he got unanimous support for his appellate court appointment.
Is that a lifetime appointment w/the power to make life-affecting interpretations of the constitution, too?
Yes
No, not exactly. There's still another court to appeal to. Not so with an extremist on the Supreme Court.
True, except that the SC doesn't see all cases. Also, you're saying we should hold justices to different standards. Not the point of justice
Yes, I think the standards are different when you're affecting everyone in the country with your ruling instead of just everyone in 1 of 13.
Judges should follow the letter of the law each case. If the law is an issue, Congress addresses it. Why balance of powers exists.
I agree. It's why I dislike the conservatives on the Supreme Court so much - they rarely follow this rule.
Gorsuch was "mainstream enough" for Sens. Clinton & Obama. What happened? Oh yeah, dems decided to be obstructionist hypocrites.
no Andrew. GOP are hypocrites . Wake up
I concur there is hypocrisy in both parties, but in this case it is absolutely the dems. They invented the nuclear option.
Yes. Look how the GOP is using it. Like babies to get their way. Dems dont do things maliciously..the GOP does
cmon - in this case dems are being ridiculous. They now oppose Gorsuch, who they unanimously confirmed ten years ago?
Why didn't the GOP give Merrick Garland a fair hearing ?? Its a 2 way street.
Election year Joe Bidens fault, Obama was leaving so only proper to let the new president chose
Nope your worng. Again selfish GOP mindset. Its the pres job to re appoint a new Judge when one passes retires.
The problem with that is that it doesn't matter who Trump picks, the Dems would vote against them ! Vote for the nominee! The BEST!!!
Not true. If Trump nominated a middle of the road guy like, say, Merrick Garland, Dems would vote to confirm.
Yes but Garland was also favored by Dems not Repubs. A POTUS should not nominate a SCOTUS in last year of office. Period!
And where in the constitution does it say that last year stuff, anyway? They didn't teach that in my Con Law classes.
It doesn't. Joe Biden said that should be the right way to handle SCOTUS nominations in POTUS last year!
Biden's statements do not have the force of law.
No they don't but they do go to fair play. If one side does other side will do.
The Democrats have never refused to confirm a Supreme Court justice during any president's last year in office .
Well, guess it is going to have to work for u Elizabeth.
you mean, if he is not liberal enough.  no thanks
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @pharris830 @pannlewis44 @zeitgeistbabe #IRS #Veterans Psssstttttt....Even Nixon Released his Tax Returns
If only there were a group of lawmakers elected by the people who could make that happen...
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/855189748914278406 …
Did all of the current justices get 60 votes? Did you feel this way when dems first invoked the nuclear option?


No one would be mainstream enough for #Dems right now unless Schumer picked (in his dreams) be honest!
Before Trump leaves he get two more SCOTUS picks. Ginsberg, and Kennedy. Should have kept your powder dry on Goresch.
Yeah, because the Reps wouldn't have pulled out the nuclear option for the next guy. @@
That's what I keep telling my senators. But they're Republicans and won't change their minds. 
Mine a lefty hacks so we are in the same boat.
A president under investigation for collusion with Russia to undermine the democratic process should not get to appoint someone to SCOTUS.
Basically correct- however? If you vote against him because you lost and for revenge, that is wrong. That is what you and others did. Smh
Yeah when partisan politicans like Schumer whine and cry with your help we should do exactly what we did. How much more can Dems lose?
Sounds like your kind of a biggot, dont you think?
Whatever...let the majority rule.
Guess you forgot Reid & Shummer! Guess it's only good if Dems do it! Grow up!
The Dems have ALREADY said they WILLNOT allow Trump choice through because they're BUTT HURT over Garland! WAAAWAAA!
Maybe this will help the Democrats' butt hurt... apply liberally...
LOVE IT! Thanks, I'm sharing this one!! 
No Trump nominee would get 60 votes! You're all hypocrites! Who should replace Scalise?! A Liberal?! No thanks!
You have a short memory
Get rid of all Dems all they do is sabotage everything PRESIDENT TRUMP does they are mentally brainwashed all of them are corrupted.@FoxNews
No profile. 
Random capitals. 
Terrible punctuation. 
Seems legit
Be honest. It wasn’t he wasn’t mainstream enough. It was Garland and optics and revenge.  No purpose to losing filibuster over this.
If the first time you filibuster it results in losing it, then you never really had the filibuster
We could have waited for a justice that mattered and MAYBE we'd have the Senate by then.
Ok. I don't get your point. Should have waited until you don't need filibuster before using it?
Yeah, if they picked a progressive then the Constitution would be in peril as the Communists in the Democratic Party would destroy it.
My ? is why the hell couldnt Dems have forced Garland? SCOTUS appointees are generationally impacting. No more nice with these Repu#$#
Dems were in minority and didn't have power under Senate rules to require a hearing or a vote.
I am fairly sure that in the history of the United States that judges had hearings regardless of what party majority
What's the chance that Dems undo crazy this rule change when we get a majority again? Is that possible?
Start winning elections again, remember you pal barry said that.
and rhey still wont have 60, but the vote took place and he didnt get confirmed
The problem is that now they've set a horrible precedent that will only push us to the extremes. This may hurt everyone long term.
you would never get 60 votes for anything
Trump "Mexican Judge Is Biased against Me  https://youtu.be/WjQ03C46aBo    How do you let @Trump choose a #supremecourtjudge when he is prejudice
When you say mainstream why don't you just say a left wing liberal communist!
Did you forget about this
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/04/11-times-dems-were-conveniently-for-the-nuclear-option-before-they-were-against-it …
I call my senator Rob Portman several times about this. I hope he's ready to be replaced
Cool another Republican Senator.
He was mainstream enough to get a unanimous vote for Circuit Court. What's different now....sore losers.
I don't like the nuclear option but when you create it for your own good and then it's used against you, don't whine. McConnell treason?
Just remember Dems will be in majority soon and be able to put crazy libs on with 51 votes. So we are good
Many said that about other nominations before the great liar Harry Reid made the change. U were ok with it then. Now live with it.
60? Yours is simply a convenient that argument falls into the "any excuse will do" category. But “elections have consequences.” “We won.”
Did you say the same when Reid first used the nuke option in 2013?
And don’t say that was different, y’all threw the first punch and now want to complain when we hit back harder.
If they put God himself forward you would have voted no. Did you not see the results of the last election? Americans know you're nuts.
If you believe that [we know you don't ] Then were you lying before when you said he was very qualified? Liars never keep story straight
Oddly he got more votes than Clarence Thomas.  We see your obstruction for what it is. The democrats made the rule & pushed judges through 2
Stop talking down to the voter's like sissy boy's don't have voting rights that are GOP this sissy boy does and I wanted Gorsuch and got him
that's not what you said in 2013. If you dems didn't have your head up your ass, this wouldn't have needed to be. Losing control!
3 of your colleagues shown they have a backbone. Elections have consequences, time for You to accept this!
#partisanhacks #shutupLiz
He's confirmed!! AMERICANS are SOOO happy! Isn't that's what it SHOULD be about? Americans and NOT the politicians?! We have been blessed!
Interesting since it was your current fearless leader, chuck-U schumer, who came up with the idea and of course hair-eye ran w/it
Careful of what you say, it will come back to haunt you.  Remember 2013 when you were supporting killing the filibuster?  Mitch did it
Guess What....You Lose
Pocahontas living in her multi million $ teepee
Hey Pocahontas.  Maybe you should read the history books. You know, actual truth.  Democrats creat the 60  vote rule, and blew it up. Reed?
He was mainstream before when he recieved unanimous support for the 10th circuit court.Hypocrite.
Because Ginsburg was mainstream? Only in your uppity university sociology departments.
Ruth not mainstream,she received 90 +votes,senate is broken,not nominee,potus pix,not senate!all senators disgust me 4 politicizing court
Then why did you change the rules in 13, to stack the appelate with non constitutionist on the bench? Mainstream or BS?
Nobody "mainstream"  will be progressive enough for you.
lmao you were singing a different tune in 2013,karma is a bitch
Guess what....lol..... he's confirmed
Unless they're a LIB!!!
This is just wishful thinking now.
He is mainstream. He votes per the law. Doesn't make his own laws. The only reason to reject is that it's a referendum on Trump.
Progressive is your slang word for a commie! Just like socialist & libral all are commie slang words..hypocrite UR
You must like to hear yourself rattle!
Suck it up, you lost and your previous leader set a precedence. Now you have to live with it.  Thank your boy H. Reid
love you  you are great
we have the wrong people in office. Let's get rid of them all
Their every move is carefully chosen to empower business and disempower people.
It's now obvious that #SCOTUS members need to be directly elected to terms like Reps and Senators etc. We need term limits as well
Exactly!
SORE LOSER
Warren for president 2020!
I wish u could be un-confirmed as senator. #disgrace
I don't seem to recall you thinking the judges Harry Reid pushed through in 2013 weren't mainstream enough, though they didn't get 60 votes.
Elections have consequences Pocahontas.
Congratulations Judge Gorsuch! Thanks Harry Ried! Thanks Chuck Schumer and you too Lizzy ! 
Dems loose more ground and play blame game. LOL
YAWN
this man is a perfect fit
you do remember that scotus is a non partisan position right??
such ideas are for thinking people-also people with common sense ... therefore leaving out most of the GOP...
if it were a progressive, and the GOP filibustered, you'd be clamoring to nuke the rules too. So glad you're not my senator.
Unless they are Progressive, they wouldn't be acceptable. You would have obstructed anyone Come 2018 elections, Dems will lose!
Amen! They had to CHEAT to get their man. But what's up with the 3 Dems who voted for him. It said it would be 4. What is wrong w/them?
You know your right but know what they would do.
this is meaningless
Focus on 2018 elections. When the Dems take the House and Senate we can pull this crap too. Get smart DNC!
Democrats would have done the same.  Oh wait... Enter Harry Reid.
now you can go to work on making sure your staffers are paid equally or is that just a rule you expect republicans & businesses to follow
Hey Princess BS...you owe me on our bet. Remember Gorsuch would be blocked by the 'romper room' Left? Ahh the US is finally back on track!!
Would not u be surprised if Gorsuch votes with libs.
No, you playing partisan politics with a SC nomination is pathetic Pocahontas.
Mistakenly think that GOP can b reasoned with & cares bout rules, ethics or co-operation for America. Its about power. Naked. Craven. Simple
Sorry Senator. This is a political fight and both sides have admitted it. I call BS on your tweet.
There should never be a "progressive" on the court
Nothing good will ever come from this. Once revered the world's greatest nation, is now but a distant memory. RIP Democracy.

to late CONFIRMED
PYou wouldn't confirm anyone that isn't a drooling liberal. Dems continue to ignore why Trump won. We don't want socialism and gov't control
Filibuster deserves to die. Founders wanted supermajorities just for treaties and Constitutional amendments.
Thank your buddy Harry.
Hypocrite
Thou shall not lie.
You said he failed to act. That's not true. Liar.
Don't mix up the tweets and grammer. Read in between lines - RED LINES
Grammar*
Anything "mainstream" sucks!  What is right is wrong and what's wrong is right... so screwed up! Time to get back to Christian values!
Keep this and other GOP offenses in the public eye so that we can take back the Senate and House in the Midterms.
stop already Pocahontas, if John Marshall was alive your side would filibuster and make the same claim. Consequences senator!
THE @GOP LOST THE POPULAR VOTE BY A MASSIVE AMOUNT BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER SCALIA'S DEATH.  YET THEY SUBVERTED THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE.
And are we correct understanding we're stuck forever with an inappropriate GOP slam against the people's wishes?
Didn't Reid do the same in 2013?
Currently sitting Supreme Court Judge Clarence Thomas was Confirmed with 52-48 vote, are you implying he doesn't deserve his seat?
Alito was confirmed with a 58-42 vote, are you saying he did not deserve to be on the Supreme Court?
@GorsuchFacts  is secretive opportunist without any class who should have stepped Down if he was decent human being which he is NOT
So you Dems were proud of Reid going nuclear, but don't like it now that you are out of power. Hypocrisy at its finest! #YouAlsoObstuct
very good point!
@JustineBean1222 @ceetee99 don't you understand it is all politics.  Not the person.
Just like the democratic pick??? Americans are tired of hypocrites. That's why the Dems lost the house, Senate, and WH. Wake up Liz.
-Elizabeth, thank you for working for democracy for all! 
With the Dems resist campaign, you would never approve anyone President Trump selected.  This is of your own making, Pocahontas!
And if you can't make  with two stick u not really native
@foxandfriends  The only reason he didn't get 60 votes, is because of Democratic immaturity and partisanship.
Just stop. The D's wouldn't confirm ANYONE Trump put up. Can't you adults instead of trying to one up each other all the time!!!
he was confirmed at a lower court but lib politics are at play here
Your hero did this so deal with it....
Tell Harry Reid thank you then. He started this fiasco and you perpetuate it.
I thought you said removing f buster was needed you fraud
Exactly! How hard could it be to just nom some1 else? But that's ok, we'll get it back & when we do they have no one to blame but themselves
Take a look at that electoral map. That vast swath of red is the "mainstream". NY, CA, & MA are NOT mainstream.
Judge of moderate temperament, who follows  law without prejudice. That's what Ms. Warren does't like.She wants liberal, law-inventing judge
@SenWarren please see your comments around the senate's roll for approving Obamacare nominees.  #hypocrisy.
If Dems choose delusional blindness, you leave no options but 4 others to get the work done. We the ppl want results- Get out of our way!
A "tradition" since 2003 when dems changed rules to oppose Bush picks. You're a hack.
B**** warren has got to be one of the stupidest b***** ever in government.
No one who has an IQ above room temperature doesn't want your definition of what mainstream is from an ideologue's ideologue
Alls fair in war b****
@POTUS could have nominated Jesus Christ and the dems wouldn't have voted for him. Nothing to do with mainstream.
Your tweet reeks of hypocrisy! How come you weren't making these statements when Reid did the same thing?
you lost your right to a voice on this when you SOLDOUT!
I will store this tweet away for the day, hopefully NEVER, that you libs are in the majority and want your left wing nut case nominee!
You are correct! Invoking the Nuclear option reveals an inability to pull their party together.   Bad precedent to set!  Hope Dems learn 2!
The @GOP is saying you favor #Gorsuch
Is there anything you can do to stop it? I doubt it as your president just went to war without our permission.
Putting party agenda above Country:gerrymandering, breaking laws & working against The People•GOP, enemy of the state/treason
if the dems would vote their hearts and not in fear of retaliation of other senators like u they'd well over 60
@SenWarren Just SHUT UP..No one is listening to you and NO ONE CARE WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY....Period, end of story
Next thing they will outlaw elections to remain in power like Putin. It only takes a majority.
#Gorsuch will never be considered a real Justice bc he is the only one who couldn't get even 60 votes.
Justice Thomas got 52, Justice Alito got 58.
Never been a 60 vote standard.
Stop playing the victim to the circumstances you helped create..
The rules our gone. They pretty much do what they want now, not surprising at all.  Hell DT is President. Nothing shocks anymore
Revoke Gorsuch under illegitimate president when Dems get power again.
Didn't get to 60 due to idle threats made to Dems (by YOU & SCHUMER) that if they didn't fillabuster...they would get kicked off the team!
Thanks for the input. I'll just put that over here in the "round" file...
Yes. Could we have more people thinking and speaking as clearly as you, do you suppose! Sen. Warren? I think it would be immensely helpful.
You guys are going to be screwed when the mid terms come.
Either way, with primary threats, compromise itself is no longer mainstream.
How can we stop them? GOP "McConnell" won't stop. I think he's becoming senile. A danger to America. He'll burn it down before he'll concede
60 votes was a standard set by DNC during W's administration. You guys have short memory
Deal with it....
Shut up
No. Not really. "Elections have consequences." - Obama
Gorsuch was mainstream; Senate Democrats aren't. They're leftist extremists. And petulant.
Pocahontas get a life liz
I read this as @SCROTUS at first. Then thought no. Then thought yes, i was right first time around...
I am so angry
Does progressive mean baby killing liberal Dem?
No matter who is picked w/out the Equal Rights Amend there is no legal framework for women's equality. We need u on board for #ERA
get over your bruised ego Pocahontas
You mean they have to believe that the Constitution is outdated and should be ignored. Then use their feelings to make their decisions.
You still don't get it do you?  The reason we voted in @realDonaldTrump is because we don't want anymore "mainstream" judges #Snowflake
Hey Hypocrite!  Your buddy Reid made the rules we are just playing by them!  Time to shut up and go away.
Shouldn't be SCOTUS appointment while @realDonaldTrump @POTUS investigated for Russian collusion!
I think it's time to move on and focus on working together. Three months of fighting nominees hasn't done much good for the American public.
No one would get 60 votes unless their democrat or far left. Get over yourself #Pocahontas.
