My daughter is struggling with this new capitalization it has made her loans go up even more.
Maybe you should talk to @SenSanders wife. She bankrupted a small college by running a bank loan scam. FBI looking into it. You should too.
My honor roll student is not going to college because of this administration. She refuses to walk into the DeVos trap. @SenWarren  :(
What an excuse. Lmao
Troll
It is funny how all the trolls are pretending to care about my child's education when their philosophy is every man for him/herself.
So they can sod off! My child's education is none of their business, just how it, they wanted so they can shut TF up .
Also, my child will do far better than any of their larvae so I have no worries.
Pissy someone's infringing on your indoctrination centers? Check your meds, someone mixed them up, again. BTW, Russia wants payments back.
She is silently destroying education in America.
She doesn't know how.
She's a sociopath like rest of @realDonaldTrump's crew. No empathy for anyone, not even each other. Saddens me that my students will suffer
Suffer. Are you a teacher they are suffering now. Dummy
Whatever!
That's the problem with Trumpets, they can't disagree, only say mean things.
Your a troll that has no clue
I owe more than $300k in student loans - the interest alone last month was more than $5k, more than I make in a month. #PSLF is my only hope
It's your job to work to get accomplishments made that benefit all taxpayers, I don't see u doing that either, maybe dial it back Pocahontas
Your right Betsy DeVos has her work cut out ,overhauling the last 8 years of disgusting practices that has graduated students unable to read
Our education system has been in the crapper for years. https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/posts/pisa-2012-results-overview%20graph%201_larger.jpg ….  #obozzo made it worse.
she can have the bottom bunk below Ivanka in Prison.
Student loan co. r now using "capitalization"they r adding unpaid accrued intetest from the principal of loans, that have been accrued URFed
U know you've been in the game for a long time and we still have the same problems...for someone who talks alot you sure dont get 2much done
yawn! Whining  Pocahontas we know you're bought and paid for
How much are YOU paid for one class "professor"? #potmeetkettle
$400,000 for one class!
https://twitter.com/gpomar/status/871941158695522305 …
Poor @SenWarren is so ignorant of truth! What will it take to get her out of office she is irrelevant now
Progressive democrats, you, created the " industry", are in bed with academia and believe your own BS #fauxcahontas
Republicans are corrupt in every way.
This tweet was bought and paid for by senator Warren's lobbyists.
Do you have to blame everything on Republicans? Seriously, Warren, your constant whining is growing old. Your Leftist policy is the problem!
First of all we need better teachers. Its not like teachers are top of class. The best I graduated with are doctors and engineers.
Predatory colleges? Run by lib professors? Thx to you loans are all now run by fed gov't. You have done enuf damage. Let Repubs fix it.
The student loan program was just fine until the Govt got involved and people like you ruined it Sen.
Hair brain Lib
Damn, that's exactly what you liberals have done the past 8 years! You can't put this f'd up education system on @BetsyDeVos! Libs own this!
Thank you for working to reverse the student loan debt crisis.Just think how much more economy can be stimulated if grads didn't have debt!
As college costs get more out of hand, we need to look at modeling European countries: how their students don't fall into a lifetime of debt
You want socialism, move to Venezuela.  I see it's working well
You're a fraud a phony and a liar
Student loan scheme was Obama - Democrat idea so you have yourself to blame not a woman in office for a few months
You are solely owned by lobbyist so stop taking the cash and then talk to people sbout what thier job is.  hypocrite alert
So Pocahontas you think college should be free well then you pay for these kids to go. You are a perfect example of why we need term limits!
Isn't nancy pelosi's son in law a VP in a student loan company?
Liz, give up you $400k Harvard teaching jobwalk the walk sister...
What about the money given you Lieawatha
Another question: Why did your people give you this name ?
Hey airhead the student loan industry is the friggin govt!. Private finance would never loan for the useless degrees, like anything studies
Let me ask the real questions: Did the Lone Ranger have a problem with you being a Libtard and lied on college application?
You clowns left a big ness for Betsy DeVos to clean up.
For eight years you pushed your rubbish education agenda.
It will be fixed soon
Obama put the student loan industry first by having government take over student loans...students 'owned' by big government!
Maybe I can get in for free saying I'm "Native American", because of my "high cheek bones" and get paid for it.
And how much do you get paid to teach one raindance class a week at Harvard University Pocahontas ? I read it is $430,000.00 a year. 
The thing that's predatory about colleges is the brainwashing c rap you leftists do to college students..indoctrination
Whose job is it to keep "predatory" Illegals out of our public schools & put American CITIZEN children 1st in the public schools??
Predatory colleges that you insist gov pay for  The same predatory colleges that advance liberal B'S  Stop it Lizzie 
Liar @SenWarren you work for US. Stop wasting our time and money or you are out!!
Where in the Constitution do you find that power delegated to the federal government?  Cut back on the peyote #Fauxchahontas!  #Lieawatha
@SenWarren please go to Venezuela, where people of you ilk fester.
You all do realize that @SenWarren is crazy right?
I wonder if Elizabeth Warren claiming she was Native American hurt someone else who really was Native American trying to go to that college
How much are u paid for ur class?? Maybe we should start there. #hypocrite#fakeIndian
Predatory colleges like Laureate? Direct ties & big $$ w/Clintons while known for saddling students w/huge debt.
Students better grow a brain and stop signing for huge college loans that they can't afford.
Curious, what exactly did you do to limit tuition at the universities you worked for?  Weren't you at Harvard during this graph period?
@SenWarren IS STICKING UP ONLY 4 THE DONOR$ THAT PAY HER $MILLIONS NOT FOR WE THE PEOPLE! WARREN IS ALL ABOUT DONOR #Money AKA MONEYHUNGRY
@SenWarren IS ATTACKING @BetsyDeVosED THAT MEANS BETSY IS DOING THE RIGHT THINGS,GIVING EDUCATION BACK 2 THE PEOPLE&AWAY FROM WARRENS DONOR$
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK @BetsyDeVos @BetsyDeVosED YOUR MAKING @SenWarren 's $$$ donors GO NUTS BY MAKING EDUCATION SMART AGAIN! LOVE U BETSY!
Why don't you do something about the segregation that is going on within the college system instead of bitching about Betsy?
Considering the gov is the only student loan business there is out there. G I don't know,You sure are dumb
Wasn't it Obama that took over the Student Loan industry?
Lizzy you are a total wacko!!
How much were you paid to teach at Harvard? Asking for a friend
No, per the Constitution education is a STATE responsibility. DOE involvement should be advisory at most. Problems must be solved by states.
Oh like getting $400k to "teach" one class, Fauxahontas?  Sounds predatory to me.
Maybe we should all lie like u & say we're from Indian descent 2 get free education. U give fellow women a bad name! U know the name.
You mean Liz like how you put the students first when you took $400,000 for teaching Mean, predatory Harvard U forced you to take that money
Amen.
STOP hijacking native culture Fauxcahontas and get back on the Mayflower!
cant fund student loans that wont be paid back.
Says the woman who lied to get a job paying $350K to teach ONE class.
predatory colleges like Evergreen? you know the one that had an anti-white day?  comments?
The loan schemes were here long before Betsy was! Stop blaming her.. work to help.. your criticisms are all you offer, that's why your gone!
This may come as a surprise to you. You lost all your credibility when we learned about your false claims to get special treatment.
Never happen.
Senator enginezer bunny, what is your job? Trash the US, tweet unstopped, wave your arms in an uncontrolled fashion making you"image" weird!
You're a senator why don't you do something about these predatory colleges
Thank u 4 standing against Betsy & 4 R constitution. She's most unqualified, uneducated. Sep of church/state in Ed!
Proof?
When did predatory colleges become a thing?
Good luck with that
#SchoolChoice does just that! Glad you will be joining the fight against failing public schools! Finally!
Clearly, she didn't understand the job when she took it. Neither did her boss.
Why don't you explain to the people what the N I H is ?
Student loans & cozing up to lenders was all democrats!
Once again paleface speak with forked tounge.
It's her job to make sure people can go to college without the government paying for it.
So says the person who got over $400K to teach one course. Hypocrite
How did the last 8 years go for student loans ?
Elizabeth you had 8 years of Obama two years you had the House and Senate still bitching about things you ran a horrible candidate Hillary
How about advocating for people working their way through school stop signing up for degrees they can never pay for
As soon as you stop trying to make college free colleges will stop jacking up tuition  try advocating for kids not to sign up for loans
How much were you paid to teach one class? You wonder why tuition is high?
You all make Saul Alinsky proud. Both obama and Hillary studied how to overthrow a republic from him.
That's her job but not why she was hired
U mean like how U want to erode due process rights of male students accused of SA - that kind of "putting students first?"
Higher Education is too important to ignore. Thank you @SenWarren
When the government gets involved in anything the costs triple.  Reduce professor's 6 figure salaries...That is the REAL problem
Your should put your brain in gear before you put your mouth in motion. Your talking through your a^*#*.
Since I am teaching ... people in my country call me pagan 
Dear Elizabeth I am Afghanistan I cant teach after
@BetsyDeVosED is an uneducated hack. She bought her position. Congress betrayed America by confirming her.
Elizabeth, that will never happen. We have an admin in the WH that just doesn't give a hoot about us.  4 years... of nothing.
Go away you simple minded squaw
Pocahontas isn't it the same thing you just said in the other tweet
Pretty sure that's not how @realDonaldTrump described the job to her. Worried we will not survive 4 years of these horrific policies.
She's a Trump Pay to Play. She won't do what she is supposed to. 
Stop your whining. We must work together to protect the education industry & for profit institutions!
haha how much do you charge? School is a choice if you go you pay simple. I went I payed it's a business
I don't think she knows her job, but considering the Cabinet members, we shouldn't be surprised
Thank you @SenWarren! I pursued a Ph. d. I believed that it was a ticket out of lower working class for my family. Debt is eating us alive.
worked hard saved money for my kids college, colleges will not help me they will take it all if I did not save they would let them go free?
@SenWarren u should take a refresher on economics.  Ur tweets show ur ignorance. If everyone defaults on student loans = no more loans 
This is why we need a 100% estate tax (above a reasonable amount). Someone who got that job in a meritocracy would know what the job is.
You are a hippocrate.... $375K to teach one class. You are fake news. @RepGeoffDiehl @DiehlForSenate is going to wipe you out
I love when leftists use "predatory" to frame arguments. Like students are chilling & a college leaps from the bushes to drag them to class.
Do right by all people! The time is always right! To do what is right!
Not how her bosses see it.  In fact, they see it the exact opposite.
Is the student loan program not run by you incompetent legislators?
The Student Loan program was taken over by Obama to help pay for Obamacare. You should know better, you helped take it over.
I just want to say you're my hero!!
Or some people put them selves first and grab all the money they can like $400,000 to teach one class get yours screw everyone else not cool
Agreed.
You literally made over $700,000 in two years as a part of a "predatory college."
She's just a horrible human being.  If she's even human.
Dude if you don't agree with her policies you have all the right to argue them you have no right to disrespect people
Respect is earned. She has not earned it.
That tells me you need somebody to respect you...have you owned it? I don't think so
Can she fire people like you that lie to get a job and get paid $400,000 a year to teach 1 class?????   Fake Professor??????
I wish we had 99 more Senators like you.  And 1 fewer Betsy DeVoses.
Kinda like lying to get a job as an Indian and getting $400,000 a year job
For the next 3.5 years, she will do the exact opposite and claim it's her job. WHAT CAM WE DO ABOUT IT? Who can get her OUT?
SHUT UP
Lizzy, it's your job to put the American people First! But you have never ever done that! It's you and the democrats first for you!
Betsey bought paid for by Bob Mercer Steve Bannon Conway the new neo Nazi party trying to crush America Hitler burned books killed teachers
fake news she is part of the loan process
You mean "should be."
How is this tweet getting things done in Washington? Get to work. 60 hrs a week please.
The chaos she created in Michigan
School choice is a good step in that direction.
Why do colleges allow thugs who don't pay full tuition to demand outlandish things?

Devos puts her pocket first & foremost.

They should apply as native Americans and receive some benefits like you did. You're a fake Indian - Pocahontas.
Actually, education is not a federal responsibility. #10a. But what do you know?
Hopefully @BetsyDeVosED will take this into consideration
Stop paying politicians to speak at universities and our children will b able to afford colleges!  It's perverted!
Betsy Devs doesn't understand what her job is, so she can't be expected to fulfill its requirements.
@DeereShopping @BetsyDeVosEDThat's not why she's there None of these unqualified corrupt cabinet members have our interests first
She makes me sick....especially as an educator. #devosneedstogo
It's your responsibility to put students first,not the self benefiting protectionist policies of the AFT & NEA.
Why is she possibly ending the loan forgiveness program. Social worker for 20 years and needed that help! I help my community what she do?
dear Congresswoman, please focus on the top prize. We know DeVos is crazy. Focus on 45! When he's gone so is she
I doubt that  @BetsyDeVosED would agree with that job description.
If you believe that, I have a bridge in Brooklyn and some beachfront property in the Everglades for ya.
Proof?
She is vile and will destroy education in this country all for profit. Money is her God. She doesn't care about children even a little bit
How do you know?  Do you know DeVos personally?
Its about $$ with her & all of Trumps people nothing else matters not the ppl! But we being to sensitive about our edu, air ,med/care .
Absolutely. Shame, Madam Secretary. If you worked one-on-one with students ripped off by for-profits, you might change your mind about them.
Speaking of student loan fraud... How you doin @SenWarren #askingforafriend
That's what you get for pay-to-play appointments. It's just to bad Congress is no longer serving the people, but can be bought
She is a greedy unqualified person who bought her appointment. That is so anti American. She should go live w broth
Can you prove that?  Honestly?
She has no qualifications and she donated heavily to trump. So yes, that is proof.
she is disgusting and very bad for our country. We need more affordable better edu for EVERYONE not less
. @BetsyDeVosED is so unbearably unqualified.
SHE WILL LEAVING WITH THRUMP, SOON!
Keep DREAMING
You're one of the Predators you lied to work at your college claiming you were Native American
Everyone in the Trump administration is predatory. All they know is predatory behavior.
SENATOR WARREN DO WE REALLY NEED SUCH A MILITARY BUDGET FOR WARS NO ONE WANTS  ;OR NO ONE ;CAN SURVIVE ;AFTER!
You sir are ignorant.  Do you know what "peace through strength" really means?
