you support the administration that loved workers so much that 96 million of them are out of work.
Exactly! Time to put the children and elderly back to work.
being clueless is no excuse for ignorance. There are 96 million people of working age not in the labor force, because of Obama
#TrumpIdiots! 94% of those don't have to work! https://www.bls.gov/opub/btn/volume-4/people-who-are-not-in-the-labor-force-why-arent-they-working.htm …
that's funny
That's the breakdown of the number you quoted from the organization who came up with 94M. It proves you wrong.
that's 15 million more people than when Obama took office. They really protected the workers.
I provided the FACTS from the BLS and you have decided to remain deliberately ignorant. You are fundamentally ignorant of the LPR
like you do? @realDonaldTrump brought more jobs back as POETUS than you have in 4yrs dear
show your math
awe Snowflake don't you don't how to Google facts?
you made the statement, back it up.
can't...Cuz it's not true
Aww can't Google the truth may hurt your feelings
So how has Trump created more than 11 million jobs? http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/06/news/economy/obama-over-11-million-jobs/ …
it's worthless, that's "fake news" to him. Evidence and data have no meaning
dems despise, disrespect working Americans we all see yr track record!
Dem's are all about corp.elites&special interest groups,now!just like killer Clinton! #NewClassWar
nominee is ANTI-worker!
Amazing Hillary and you Democrats lost the Rust Belt exactly because you don't give a damn about the American Worker #MAGA
wages up 3.5% + unemp at record lows. 15mil more have health ins. Repubs false promises wont be kept

nothing to see here-just republicans ignoring facts
Echo chamber
why do you start fighting for all Americans rather then just minimum wage earners who should be happy they have a job
The rich and wealthy have always viewed the American worker as something not worth anything. Especially when it comes to wages. Rights.
the corporate Democratic Party views Am. workers as "deplorable"&"irredeemable"! #NewClassWar
Oh and when you act out and treat others with CONTEMPT, you also get to be called "deplorable". Human decency goes a long way, buddy.
ok
@realDonaldTrump @elverdugojusti this administration, will not last very long, not even the first six months
Right and you and Hillary had respect for the American worker by shipping all the jobs overseas to pay for your donors.
ezcuse me egghead with
Ten followers Hillary didnt send jobs anywhere flybrain. Trump
Fies business in China
We knew that, the creep.
But yet he will somehow get Confirmed
; The flipping burgers senator. Weak and insignificant.
Small thinker, always in the weeds. Just a trouble maker
Yes, Hammer Puzder and block him. But can we also demand Benghazi-Level investigations over Russia/Trump?
Puzder will change name of Dept to Dept of Management. "Workers don't need to make a living wage."
if you liberals cared about the working class you would have reached out to them. Not Hwood, gld sachs, and the NY and LA elite.
Hi  my son went to public schools.  I am so grateful. He has Downs and Autism.  Thankful Joan and Keith Bates
Hi I'm mad that JSession will get in, when he wants special needs children not to go to public schools.

Stop it, Senator. I admire you but give our President-elect some respect, PLEASE!
please God, don't let Sessions get elected.
well he opposes #minimumwage, so that should be an instant disqualification!
do your best to block the cabinet nominations.

thanks for fighting for the common person. The GOP only wants to demonize their character.
- nag, nag, nag. Who could live with you?
Elections really do have consequences.  I hope every working voter who voted R, has no remorse.  What the bell do you HTL
Maybe a bell of a lot!  When unions are gone wages will plummet fringe benefits, vacation, gone. Unions, lifted all works
Shocking.
all you tweet is click bait then there is no follow up
have you ever worked a real job in your life? Seems you have no respect for the American worker.
you have become an embarrassment
you are the one with little respect for the American workers
So put a hold on his nomination. I am one of your constituents.

Keep the pressure on. The crap will hit the fan eventually.
Voters always have to learn the hard way.
Ok so he is like you and sanders as you respect no one
not many rich people do
@AFLCIO 100% Agree.
Thank you! You #StandUpforUs.
outrageous what makes you an expert? Your Indian heritage!
Than you both should get along splendidly...
Leading through disrespect.. sounds like an ethics issue @USDOL
wait for the Secretary of Education nominee.  She is the scariest nominee of all.
: No "seeming" about it. Andrew Puzder would set back workers at least a century!
Why aren't u at the hearings on behalf of Massachusetts? Not your day to be there?
another Donald yes man. Enough we. We'd someone who respects our workers and ensures they get benefits! And more $$
You mean; labor cost sinks?
Keep up the good fight, Senator Warren.  We are counting on you.
I'd like to see every conversation you had, to see if there is a comment we could use to say your not qualified to be sen.
WOW the trolls are on parade today.
thanks for your comments from the back row - don't you have work to do?
has no respect for American workers
butTrump does right by foing business.in China and Russia
I hear Andy and Deanna are hoping to adopt a pair of robot twins from China.
In fact, @USDOL Secretary nominee Andrew Puzder seems to have little respect for American workers at all.
lady not time it
big problem is politics ..soon
disable ???
what are the facts that prove ur hypothesis? Ur unhinged double ur dosage
Making Department of Labor find ways to make labor work better for corporations.
of course he doesn't @realDonaldTrump want a labor market like china no minimum wage and no unions
what about the fact you stole money from Social Security.  When will it be repaid
what u see this status ????
.@SenWarren @USDOL Warren's LIBERAL OPINION & FEEBLE ATTEMPT to CHARACTER ASSASSINATION.. HYPOCRISY
vote no
#Resist
NETFLIX $60B LOOT RACKET WHISTLEBLOWER NEED DEBATE WITH TRAITOR CONGRESS.SENATE  NOW .ARREST OBAMA
@realDonaldTrump Trump put your $ where your mouth is. Make Trump products in USA, use USA steel, hire USA born 1st
Elizabeth, where have you been for the last 40 years, employers simply don't gie a fuck about their employees.
BINGO!
again, stop the hearings!
Hey Warren how can you look Sanders in the eye after screwing him?
It was from the back.. Way of the Liberals!
Hey Warren how can you look Sanders in the eye after screwing him?
Why are you'll allowing this.. RELEASE the classified documents. Why are you'll allowing this to happen to the people.
Especially women!
neither do you all care about is yourself and your party no matter who you hurt along the way
Go Elizabeth. Tell it like it is!!
please fight all of them.  They are unqualified. PEOTUS wants to privatize government agencies.
Liz why H is attending inauguration? You & H are organizing protests on 20th! And One of them #schooltrump! Tell her to cancel
Warren is suppressing my reply to her about organizing protests on the 20th. Big surprise!
This surprises you??
Please oppose him vehemently. Trump's nominees are a betrayal of the ideals of government of by and for the people.
Which ideas? The same ones that haven't worked for the past 8 years except the elites?
Sadly, he shares that with many Republicans.
we have to fight these bastards. #TheResisance #ThisIsNotNormal
I am not surprised. So much for Trump being a champion of working people.
your 42 followers are very impressed with your humor
"seems".. wtf.. another mind reader and liar
Shut up pokeahotus
idiot troll
just like Trump
