.@USedgov makes colleges report completion data only for 1st time, full-time students – not students that switch schools or go part-time.


@ClackamasLPO Then let's get rid of Fed. Ed. and let states' citizens decide if respective states or privates handle and organize the data.
Students also need to be exposed to other career prep options besides colleges like trades where they can learn to build and repair
Colleges need to impress upon embracing problems & problem solving. Not safe.spaces, feelings worn upon sleeves. Goal is progress not recess
Didn't you teach at Harvard? How many class rosters did you rip off?
they also need to be able to afford it without being in debt for the rest of their lives. Maybe work on that first?
She is lost an a bigot who needs to step down
The lack of modern supplies shows the priorities of the Republican re: education
We need a lot of things in general as a country. Till we get rid of Trump and flip some seats in congress & senate we'll be waiting on those
He's not going anywhere.   Suck it up and stop crying.
In other words you mean colleges that only support your socialist adgenda!
Fix it then or get get rid of the gov. Program
Keep up the good work educating everyone.
Thank you Sen Warren for challenging attention to this frustrating and unhelpful bureaucratic problem.
There are many colleges we know, not to attend. They are a waste of $ & the students achieve ignorance. So sad.
Any chance you can keep DeVos from eliminating the Public Service loan forgiveness program? We teachers are already scraping by.
If u stop paying your teachers unions and negotiate your one pay you would be surprised how much more money you have.
That argument is, and has always been, deceiving. If places were going to pay more, they would.
Also, look at charter school pay. They are vastly underpaid compared to public school teachers and often don't have unions
Do u know why that is.
Yes. And it doesn't have to do with unions.
They first need to get past middle school able to think, read & add. End #CommonCore
College has become nothing more than a breeding ground for progressive liberalism. A danger to this Republic.
End socialism in colleges
So fix it Lizzy! You had 8 years under obumer and all you passed was a horse CRAP health care bill that has destroyed this country!
Devos wants students to believe for profits are an acceptable choice, so her company can go after them when they default
I'm sure it would improve if all colleges were tuition free!
#Not
Old and incomplete sorry just well sorry
Definition: will this institution stifle the conservative POV?!
....you're old and incomplete
And we should listen to you Elizabeth Warren ? Have you listen and watch yourself on air ? Pathetic !!
Choose the one that recognizes your fake heritage! It'll be in your financial favor
How about instead of glamorizing dance therapy as a major we do electricians, plumbers, welders, mechanics. Thats a start
Can students just claim to be Indian and steal a racial quota? I hear that works.
When did education become  an area delegated to the Fed from the States? Where's the  Constiutional Amendment???  Cause the isnt one!!!! 
Sort of like the Democratic Party. When the young figure your are the swamp, Republicans will bury you further.

Wisconsin also has a law that says ,,  textbooks must be accurate and up-to-date
Let them know if they claim American Indian heritage they have a better chance of being accepted
Old and Incomplete? A perfect description of you liz!
When will they start showing graduation and employment rates?
Students need a better SED who is proactive and doing real work. Photo Ops are not real work.
Check out @NextTierEdu. We're working hard on problems like this on a daily basis
haven't you quit yet your bad for the country and a Big MSFL GO AWAY AND LET THE BIG BOYS AND GIRL TAKE OVER SO WE CAN STRAIGHTEN THING OUT
Colleges are no different than any other business.  They overcharge and rip families off each and everyday.
And the servicers of those loans? Major investigation needed. URGENTLY.
so what happened last day years. Why couldn't you accomplish any of that
What are you doing about it?
More regulations is just what the world needs
Let me guess:you wish to put forward another empty bill? Get a grip and a job!
your right colleges need to not let someone like you get away with fraud claiming to be a Native American Indian
Agree!! They need to pick the college he / she can afford and get a quality education for a secure future. Stop the waste. Stop the debt!
They should be held to the standard of the college you lied to Liz  no one cares about your bullshit
Pick the right college so they can get a degree and no job! Well that's all changing now with DJT! MAGA!
Does it check to see if they are lying about being Native American?
grad students need options like PSLF and IBR to stay and not dissuade others financially from pursuing higher ed
How much money do you get paid by these schools for teaching ( brainwashing ) the kids ???
Why not get the gov out of it. Got all my college degrees and didn't have a debt when finished worked while I earned them all 3 degrees
please keep fighting for what is just, and for our rights. Trump needs to go. There's too much at stake.
Like you
Why didn't you do something about it instead of Lying about being Native American and getting a teaching job that paid you $350,000
There is no "right" college as long as there are liberal, un-American teachers (like yourself) in them dizzy lizzy. Step aside for. #MAGA3X
Thanks. How can stalwarts of learning and intellect neglect this detail. Despicable. Probably trained at the WH of Alternative Facts.
And make sure they check the right box on Nationality. Right?
How about info that provides instructor salaries along with their nationalities and/or heritage?
Besty DeVos isn't a good candidate for this job. Students will fight against any decision that she must on our future.
And lie and say their name is Pocahontas!!!
It's the prospective students responsibility to do the research and ask the right questions to pick their school.
They need to restore colleges and universities to balanced education not liberal indoctrination centers
Here's all the info you need...college is a scam
So let's get rid of sex and race ?s on apps in order to make it fair.
Thanks Elizabeth
Newsweek puts out a great report.
Does @usedgov require reporting of the ethnic backgrounds of professors? Just curious.
They should be held 2 the same standards that regulatory entities require of all American business. Accurate, complete and up to date info.
I'm a Compliance Analyst and am well aware of the regulations and laws regarding various institutions. Why are they now being ignored?
It's always interesting when we realize if our govt were a business it wouldn't be viable for long. #SadTruth
Let's make sure they have and complete high school first.
Need jobs not degrees in liberal arts!!!
3 times as many students go to public universities over private universities every year. Public colleges don't offer liberal arts degrees.
Respectfully, it seems like the majority of courses include liberal arts. I would like to see courses stick to subject material.
I mean, I guess there's general education.... but the majority of courses these days are rather major specific.
Referring to professors lecturing their political beliefs in say a calculus class.
I mean, it's hard to take an economics class and not talk about it... the same extends to other subjects. The law is a big part of society.
I feel strongly about where more government expansion will lead. We need a strong economy and jobs for all to make our people independent.
Agreed, but the nature of our economy has changed and this we must adapt.
Why aren't you helping Ossoff?
Well, can we contact you to help out? What are your plans to solve that problem?
A country without single payer is old & incomplete.
Shut up
There are other sources for info besides the your government god.
Requires? How about they pound the pavement and find out where they're going?
You are old and incomplete!
Why call names?  Nothing to add to the discussion?
That was the only contribution necessary!
Flashback to 2009: #WallStreet money rains on #Schumer. He got $11M. #Tatiana http://politi.co/JisDT  via #politico
