Great. Two nutjobs, having a chat. Please provide the video (we won't need audio for the entertainment value). 
Heretics.
Two #nutjobs
The one on the left was the first female campaign manager to navigate a successful Presidential run.
#MAGA
Tune in to listen to two idiots  I'll pass
Immoral is to hold a gun to people's heads and tell them what they must pay for.
You mean like when you go to a store and they tell you the price....pffff #maddow
And guess what? If they don't lower their price they earn nothing. Basic economics which you don't seem to get.
15 years as a retired nurse and you think i don't understand the cost of healthcare you better back up before you wreck yourself.
Just a nurse? Yeah you have no idea. Do you look over balance sheets, income statements? Were you on the board of directors?
No idea? Nurses are crucial for reimbursement, risk management, quality improvement/assurance, regulatory compliance.
Did you really just like and retweet your own tweet? You didn't answer my question. Do you look at balance sheets and income statements.
Yes you're right. It is immoral to fund the baby killing Planned Parenthood that pretends to be healthcare.
Not that it matters genius but since they shut down planned parenthood in Texas abortions are up 66% goof planning.
When will u be talking about Debbie Wasserman Schultz ?
When r u going to call out the groups supporting MS13 and denounce it ? Waiting in Ohio
You GO GIRL. I WOULD LOVE 2 see You & Amy Klobuchar as running mates...and kick know who in the u know where!
You two idiots should make for an enlightening conversation.
Two peas in a pod
Look forward to seeing 2 of my favorites in an intelligent conversation.

Will sen. Warren be wearing a headdress?
If the same Bill would been submitted by your party, you'd all for it "Swamp Queen"
Would never miss it.

I am anticipating that, I love Rachel's show. What's happening now is a far cry from a democracy. I pray we can weather this fiasco.
Health care is not a right. It is nowhere in the constitution; which actually states that you have no right to another man's labor.
On that thought, they should check into wether the IRS and Federal Reserve's constitutionality.
Warren & Maddow a match made in hell. Both wide-eyed venom spewing lefty whack jobs with an upside-down political view. #WakeUpAmerica
You and all your counterparts are killing America and your fake 22 mil. While the billion other people like our family go homeless bc of U
The greatest danger to our Republic isn't just Trump, but the Republican Congress that empowers him.
I hope you fill her in on the latests deaths in NYC due 2 Obamacare. Lets not forget all those that lost their own insurance because of ACA
Immorality where you're an expert
It's time to come out and protest
When will u be talking about women's march supporting and trying to protect MS13?
Well there is a shit eating grin you can identify with... Did I say poop? SHAME... SHAME... SHAME on me... Wooooofff..
I just watched an Ad during @MSNBC @chrislhayes Asking ppl to call 1-800 # & demand #Mueller remove "Clinton 4" WTF, #MSNBC WHY?! @maddow
I'm sure you will. Either one of you would know the truth if it hit you in the face. Very dispictable.
It's immoral to claim to be Native American to gain employment.
OMG. I hope everyone has their high top galoshes on cause there will be lots of bullsh*t flowing.
Maybe you should talk to someone @FoxNews instead, you'll reach a bigger audience.
Immoral... is that.... virtue signaling? Did you just assume GOP's morality?.... That hypocrisy...What an interesting thing...
Lol She is fake news. But I do love watching her for laughs. MSM is a bunch of jokes. Really funny to watch though.
Must See TV! Love both of you who are both providing truth to America!
We need list of phones to contact those GOP senators for stop the bill
Yes it's so "immoral", like forcing people to purchase healthcare. That would never happen.
I'm watching.
Of course,what else would you be doing on a Friday nig ht?
Can't wait until Warren is voted off it of office & we don't have to listen to her incessant whining & head rattling.
https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/891324805919772672 … are you going to talk about this,from @seanhannity
Game on!!  https://judiciary.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/072717_HJC-Letter-to-AG-DAG.pdf …
Two idiots on the same stage
Misrepresenting OCare to the public then refusing to correct your mistake is immoral.
as much money @Elizabeth Warren has stolen, why does she wear the same 3 jackets?  blue, purple, red everyday, week, month, year lol
What's immoral is you taking a position away from a True Native American at Haaaaaavaaaard!
You mean "Immoral Race Claim" to get into Harvard? Your #hypocrisy is astounding! #FYYPOS
I'm sure all 5 of @maddow viewers will be watching #irrelevant
Right like stealing taxpayer funds by lying about ethnicity. You're the picture perfect example of morality.
troll.. Harvard debunked that Karl Rove Indian nonsense five years ago. Your baseless comment is indicative of your ignorance.
You used the "I" word. *Gasp*
2 scum bags warren & Rachel totally a useless group
I'll be watching.  You are the
embodyment of leadership,
intelligence and common sense.!!!


Two old sows talking in the deluded tepee  of lib confusion
Will you be talking about the immoral acts of democrats by forcing Obamacare on the American people knowing it would skyrocket rates?
you mean mad cow that is just like you lies to the people.Your pathetic
What's immoral is the crap ObamaCare insurance we've been forced to take for the last 8 years!
Should be riveting
Not about one of your many book tours? How much have you lined your pockets with on the people's time?
Why not help them cross the isle and assist you will come out being the bigger person
One socialist to another.
Talking to Rachel is like talking to the devil. You want credibility you're talking to the wrong person lady. What are you thinking?
@The SCALE-SHOWED AMERICA THEIR (HER) MENTAL ISSUSES STILL EXIST!!
Miss Pochahontas how do you sleep at night?
Maddow and you make  a pair  Nothing in and Nothing out
Why do madcow and Pocahontas want America to have horrible expensive health insurance

Oh awesome two SJW's talking points. i'm sure maddow wont bring up russia during it either.
So dramatic!
oh that should be a partisan softball whine fest
Lady, everything you say lately is a lie. If you sincerely care, work with the GOP to make a bill that will work for all of us.
Once again double standards the American people are just not quite as good as the rest of you same rules don't apply
What's good enough for us should be good enough for Congress quit acting concerned for a healthcare Bill you're afraid to have yourself
I'm sure it was interesting talking with Rachel you need to be sure to let all Americans know you do not take the same Health Care system
The interview was inspirational.
You were great.... keep making the rounds!!!
Fighting the good fight.
You are immoral for your constant lies. I pity those who are delusional enough to actually trust you.
What part of the government does Rachel Maddow work for. What you meant to say was I'm trying to advance my career.
Appealing to couch potatoes does not help.
The clowns are rallying
Want to bet you spend half the time plugging your book? I am as confident about this as I am you played the fake indian card to get ahead.
Not a chance. Just the sound of your voice nauseates me.
Talk with Charlie guards parents about the one payer system#worktogether
......the rest of the Dems offer a solution.  Stop spreading fear And start caring about the lives of Americans.
Senator Warren.   You are perfectly aware something needs to change with Obama Care.  Instead of spreading fear, why didn't you and the.....
Stop with the "morality" speeches.
Thank you!
Now that's s pair
Episode of dumb and dumber

But you must admit that the GOP does like booze and guns, right?
you were awesome on show i was crying at how you reflect our feelings of being forgotten by gop keep fighting
My husband needs 3 surgeries plus just got diagnosed with PKD.  I'm a teacher and cannot afford health insurance!
Obamacare is immoral. Obamacare is failure.
You know what's immoral? Penalizing someone for not buying something that they don't want.
Sen Warren: PLEASE address the HISTORY of the Culture of Cruelty we're seeing right now on healthcare: https://www.democraticunderground.com/10029374083 

Two DELUSIONAL people!  Should be a winner
How about talking abt #kickbacks #pocketlining #BigPharma money, how you get nothing done.
Good you are made for each other
Really you hypocrite. What healt care do you have? Do you use Obama care?
Why aren't you knee deep in getting a stop on trump's firing sessions then Mueller or are you just st reactive.
You should also discuss all property bordering MA politicians becoming public housing if you turn MA into a sanctuary state. 
Ask her about dnc IT contractors getting arrested while attempting to leave the country..... or maybe you would like to comment ???
Thank you, Senator. You are OUTSTANDING!
Yuck.
Two crazies in a gossip session.  Maddow is an absolute road scholar in idiocy...perfect combination
That sounds like a real informative show two people with no clue a goofy politician who lies and a goofy talking head who lies no thanks
I love you so much. Are you the only real person in DC. I am one of those people that might die without the ACA.
Let me make a suggestion ppl like you & Maddow shld NEVER use the word 'immoral'...you 2 hypocrites are literally the definition of the word
Pocahontas talks to madcow! Fake Indian takes to fake woman!
Jesus, what a dumpster fire of lying skank that interview must have been
What have you done to ensure the ACA continues to cover people?What were you doing the last 3 to 4 yrs while the ACA was falling apart?
#fakenews and #fakesenator
Today the vote on repeal and nothing. Crazy. People will not join in for 2 years. Insurance premium will go up if not leave. CRAZY
One thing for certain is that leftists are in no position to determine what is immoral. Most are depraved pedophiles who sacrifice babies.
Birds of a feather
Two total fruitcakes!
Dumbest person on TV.
The @GOP can't come up with a decent health care plan. What happened to @realDonalTrump's plan that was supposedly part of his campaign?
Great job! I admire you SO much<3
Okay.  This crazy ass woman talking to another crazy ass woman about morals...shit. A documented liar talking morals. #hypocrites
She's a good one to talk to! NOT!
Why would you talk to her?
Two words Shiva Ayyadurai
@senjohnmccain Sad day for America when mccain crawled back to kiss trump's feet & vote for trumpcare! His legacy will be tarnished !
I bet you 2 won't be talking about who does your hair style
Whats immoral is forcing people to purchase expensive  crap, pay for abortions while calling it health care.
Federal govt doesn't pay for abortions.  Common misperception.
They force taxpayers too.
Taxpayers don't pay for them either.  You do realize the govt money is from taxpayers right?
What was immoral, was how democrats passed Obamacare in the first place
@KidRock for #Senate
That's all #dems do is TALK no ACTION #Trump2020
Liz is an expert in immorality 

as she has been most of her life. 

Review her donors list!
Warren and Maddow. Dumb and dumber.
Loved the interview. Keep fighting @SenWarren - #ShePersisted
Lol. Try having this health insurance yourself. Then maybe I would be interested
Morality, that does not exist in DC
Would lying to get a job be considered immoral?  Not if your a liberal i guess!
Republicans and King TGeorge:  
"Don't Tread On Me" and my loved ones.  
Senate Selfishness is Political Pollution
and a Road to Revolution
Lol, the new Dumb and Dumber.  Rhode Scholar my butt..Maybe Rachel could ask for a DNA swab.
#Grateful for you @SenWarren 
"#Healthcare is about families."
You get it.
Thank you!
#SaveMedicaid 
#MedicaidisFamily
Elizabeth warren and Rachel maddow discussing morality.  That is one for the ages.  Duck when the lightning bolts start raining down folks
While you're on TV, can you form a search party for @SenSanders.. for being the "most popular" he's fuckin invisible when it really counts
I don't know why you are surprised.  He was a plant to disrupt the dems. Think about it!
Its time for an AMERICA SPRING?
Good job today and everyday. Love @maddow and love @SenWarren. So disgusted with everything. HELP US.
I love your true passion 
Two old salted nuts 
Perfect nut  match, you and Rachel.
Dems have to get voters fired up-it's unfortunate but they want to get angry. Pound on GOP taking away HC to give $$$ to billionaires!
Yes yes yes
Immortal health care vote?
You bringing a peace pipe?
We all want the same insurance you in congress gave yourself & workers
Pocahontas and maddow - now that is a brain trust.
Now thats a good looking couple-Pochy and maddow. Yikes.
Check out this song called "Treason in the Rose Garden "https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211897093656170&id=1636166946 …
You two scumbags together??? Good lord you think you're a Native and she thinks she's a man ... sounds entertainment
Nothing was more immoral than obama care
it is immoral! Your a rock star politician. Your one of the few truly working for the people!
WHY DONT YOU SHOW YOU CAN WIRK WITH REPUBLICANS FIR THE SAKE OF THE PEOPLE. TO MAKE OUR LIVES BETTER. OR IS THAT JUST A DREAM.
Thank you Senator Warren. Your passion is a beautiful thing to watch.
loved hearng you, always do.
Thanks for being the voice during this insanity. Keep fighting.We lost our voice in Ohio @senrobportman take notice your votes evaporated
Great. Your passion is praiseworthy.
Thank you!
U gonna get all over dramatic & stuff too?! Why lower yourself there?Well I guess you did come up w/that zombie stuff #DramaQueens #MAGA
Excited to see you on the show!  You rock!
Maddow? R U kidding me! Don't see you stinking liberals ever talking 2 Eric Boiling or The Five! Don't see you on the Fox network!
Liawatha
Oh boy.... I'm out
How do senators become so twisted that they agree to support a madman's anti-Obama agenda instead of protecting the people who trusted them?
Saw it...loved it!!  Thank you for your tireless dedication and passion.  We need more senators like you, watching out for us! 
Is that the only place you can get air time? Unlike Bill O... MSM never stops spinning.
A brave warrior princess talking to a bull dike, should be fun to watch....
Haha!
Your comments were quite moving. Thank you for fighting for the health and financial protection for all of us.
Love Rachel Maddow!
Love ya senator Warren, but, Maybe talk to republicans..., we, who love the Rachel Maddow show, already get it.
Who cares.
You stole from American natives you don't get to speak about morals
You as a fake Indian are immoral
LOL
Two crazy people in the asylum.
Two crazy ladies! No thanks!
Can't wait to see the ratings from that show. You have really stooped now. Why don't you go on a hard ball show. Like hannity. Scared?
How is that.  The largest tax increase in history.  Rip off people.  No not immoral just a mess.
Will it be with a fake crowd and fake background like you and Clinton did
Maybe this is what it takes to open the eyes of Trump's base.
Everyone has a voice!Use it!Text RESIST to 504-09.It matches you to your senator,reps/gov. Send instant fax or call w your message confirmed
Oh gosh that ought to be a hoot. 2 peas in a pod. Both of you are so far left it nauseating. Be sure to put a reminder so we can take a tums
