I guess my tax dollars paid for your trip.
Mine too 
You are on your world tour.  How does this help MA?  How does this help the opioid problem?  Other than get your face in the news.
Please keep up the good work God bless  you ya       not sour note how can we impeach trump before he
Be he ruins our country !
What the hell are you doing in Germany
Maybe she'll bring back a German special ops team to do a little action on maralago one weekend...
You were there like I was
@PGutierrez630 go walk the streets at night
I'm sure that greatly benefitted your state on taxpayers dime. Get a real job
And that helps the people of Massachusetts how?
Please, please, please run for President in 2020!!!
Yes please run. It will be a landslide for Republicans then
Removed your hood  take your head out of the sand or out your a--
Are tax payers footing the bill for what amounts to an expensive vacation for you? Are you getting face time with Army to make it look good?
Hey dummy  you may not know she took her money from her 401k
Hey dummy she took YOUR money from YOUR 401k
A fraction of your President's golf trips.
And you say you are not gearing up for a run for the Pesidency - HA!!
Why are you traveling to #Europe on the #taxpayers dime? You are not #SecretaryofState. This needs to stop!
Stop campaigning and do your job. #PhotoOpp
Senate on recess at least some ones out there letting the world know that the AMERICAN PPL AREN'T CRAZZY & WE HAVE THEIR BACKS b/c Prez 
Yes, we need to let our allies know we won't abandon 'em in the face of Russia. If #POTUS and #StateSec aren't doing it, at least someone is
I'm curious as to what lies you told them. Did you pretend to be a German?
Take your hood off and you head out of your a--   @ frydaze
How did this trip help Massachusetts?
By helping the USA to retain and reassure key allies. All states benefit from this.
Any interesting tidbits about 45 while in Estonia?
Next time stay
And you still haven't done anything about healthcare! When you get back be sure to obstruct and self promote, 2020 is closer everyday #MAGA
LIZ THOSE BLACK PANTS YOU WEAR EVERY DAY EVERYWHERE MUST STINK BAD BY NOW. TRY PINK PANTS THE COLOR OF THE RESISTANCE VAGINA
Good to see you enjoying your 5 week vacation from a part time job
Your arm and shoulder must really be giving you fits after all the patting yourself on the back.
Are you competing with the Queen of photo ops Pelosi!?
Dummy
I was stationed near there years ago and have great memories of the whole area. Our military personnel are the best. Thanks for having our 6
I was in Frankfurt. Never saw a senator.
Did you ever smell one it's a distinctive stench like a democrat pandering #pukefart @SenWarren
on the taxpayers dime I'm sure
With your stupid trademark popped collar like you're in Top Gun or something?  Lol
Colluding with foreign governments, just like HRC.
dont they look happy
Question is what are you running around the world when you should be in Washington working on healthcare or tax reform.
Do you know what recess is?
Lol gop has her doing busy work! Hahahaha
Hope I had a great vacation on the Am dime. I that u were a Native Am not a Polock.
Stop wasting taxpayer money on these little adventures.  No one cares about what you have "learned"  it's just a little vacation for you.
Soldiers must have been ordered to greet you... you do nothing for our brave men and women...
You are wasting a ton of taxpayer money Hiawatha. Nobody gives a crap what you do, certainly not going to change anything
I was born at Frankfurt base....long time ago. Love Germany
I'm sure the troops appreciated it. Thanks.
You want a fucking cookie @senwarren? I'm a Vet and I wish you would go away!
She sure do like to spend the taxpayer's dime.
Who cares get back to Washington and do your job and get your Democrat friends off their rear and get a healthcare passed
Who gives a you know what where you went get back to Washington and do your job and have your Democrat friends pass Healthcare bill.
One GREAT Lady!
As if there isn't enough work to be done at home.
Thank you for supporting NATO and Europe, unlike Trump who wants to make Russia great again
SENATOR I KNOW YOU FIGHT FOR US  !WHEN THEY ASK FOR TAX BREAK ;I SUGGEST AT THE SAME TIME A 13DPH MINIMUM WAGE!
I wonder who's footing that bill
Go back
Thank you acting diplomatically on behalf of our country since our State Department is now something else, we don't know what.
Please @SenWarren   HURRY BACK @realDonaldTrump losing it someone NEEDS TO DO SOMETHING GOP NEEDS TO BUCK  QUICK 
its so sad that the military would force these people to partake in your photo op. seems a little inhumane.
I'll bet the trays loved it???
And?
Imagine that. A US Senator actually working on her break.
@wilhelm_rich check out who stopped over in Wiesbaden.
You forgot to wear your headdress.
Don't return home by way of Guam
love is the best weapon
Obviously you will be running for #POTUS in 2020
My daughter was born at USAF Hospital Wiesbaden. I'm originally from Mainz (across the river Rhine). Viele Grüße ans Vaterland. :)
I love Wiesbaden. Make sure to get a Doner while you are there! You won't be disappointed. 
Please don't
If someone will make a difference in coming years, it'll be Sen Warren.
Should have stayed.
Thank you for such good representation of the USA
Big fan Liz, glad you're on our team.
I HOPE THAT WE THE TAXPAYERS R NOT PAYING FOR HER VACATION!!!
I went to work today.  I had lunch today.
Thank you. Say Hi and thank them from Anna in Up-State NY! @USArmy
I can only guess how happy those soldiers were to be ordered to serve as props for your agenda. I used to hate politicians exploiting us so.
At least she's doing her fucking job unlike Trump
I don't think sex is in her job description. We can't afford the budgetary burden.
Why do we have a base in Europe?
OMG.
Say hello to the country I used to live in for 55 years

I'm sure they were thrilled to see their favorite senator...
That guy's head on the far left 
