My office released a report today that shows 2/3 of the top contractors have been caught breaking labor laws.
Instead of helping workers, the GOP will vote today to make it easier for companies that hurt workers to get massive gov contracts.
Today’s debate on the Fair Pay & Safe Workplaces order is about who Congress works for. I’m here to fight for workers – & I’ll be voting no.
and you will be wasting your time
This under the Obama era. Too little too late Lizzy.
contracts by the government are usually handed out to friends and husband's. Maybe we should check in that.
do you know how easy it is to break Labour laws? My parents get notified update their osha signs nearly every month.
Expose them on face book
Yes...right under obamas nose.  Quite a coincidence don't you think?
stay on point and be on trump, Russia, and Bannon racism driving America policy.
leave Russia out of it-not on point-Russia is not our enemy! #NoRussophobia
Yes they are. They have been for a LONG time.
thank you for your hard work!
@CitizensFedUp @funder #CIA #Veterans If you want to brutally Punish Drumpf Voters, you'd have to get in line behind House GOP
Russians hacked Warrens race identity. Demand answers!
so you finally watched Adam Corolla's show. Grats
Read your report your insinuating it's Trump and the Republicans so I'll ask. Where has the Democrats been all these years???
Oh Yeah Writing up a Train Wreck of a Healthcare law which is bankrupting middle class Americans
Dem idea of level playing field is throttling successful people so those who can't compete in free market benefit. No thanks.
Doesn't that list "violations" such as not paying overtime after 10 hours to CA worker working in NH? No major ON PURPOSE?
no one is reading that.
2/3 of top contractors caught breaking labor laws? What have you been doing about it?
i wonder how many laws u and your sick dem crew broke.your party is going down and i hope the evil goes to federal prison
If you keep passing new laws and regulstions, then nobody will be able to comply fully.  Regulate, but do it wisely and simply.
regulations*
these are all your union pukes right
china executes theirs...
believe the Republican/Koch plan is to do away with OSHA as soon as possible
Do you ever shut up!!
@dolphsteelbear Who is responsible 4 policing that? And why haven't they been doing their job??
You should be in jail for lying about your heritage to get a job!! I never hear you address your lies!!
just goes to show you that instead of tweeting you should go look and see what you can do to help
I would feign surprise, or outrage, but I am fresh out. Corruption is spreading across our country like a cancer.
The workers need to organize. Go union.
@SenWarren @SenSanders Thank you for being a voice for sanity! Trump is insane and needs to be impeached.
And 9 of 10 members of Congress are dishonest
This is easy to do when there are 1000s of meaningless and worthless labor laws passed by overly bureaucratic morons.
many are hiring illegal aliens and should be caught for it! #DTS #NoAmnesty
@PauleyHolmes we are loosing our sanity I can see ! This is not the America I was born into and grew up to love .. its crazy
sinceJan 20 these companies have ben hurting American workers? But they didnt hurt workers when Obama was in charge. Bad Trump  @senwarren
both parties work for the establishment&are richly rewarded for it! #DTS #2ofKind
Yea, start investigating Planned Parenthood for killing babies and selling their body parts. This is a Major Moral Law from Jesus
There is no incentive to follow them, and there is not any oversight, deregulation has taken away all forms of enforcement.
How do contractors pay for 12-hour shift when per diem employees work an hour? (TSA contracts for FAA)
Because union negotiated and taxpayer representatives accept that burden.
Extreme govt waste; raking it in as temps, working 1 hour, paid for 12, laughing all the way to the bank.
It's all in the contract.
in Massachusetts?
Maybe we need to list yours too!!
Surprise -Big government under Obama-even with huge spending DID NOT Work  !!!!
it worked fabulously for the top 1%! which is all the establishment in both parties care about! #DTS #2ofKind
warren your a fraud ,,p o s,SHOULD NOT BE IN OFFICE,,your a crook,,#5turds
ty 4 persisting at any cost. Mad Respect.
#45 and his Republican congress are out to destroy OSHA ,Unions and all labor safety laws and the EPA
President Trump nor Republicans want that. Put your tin foil hat back on.
go play with yourself bud crud.
What do you plan to do about that? This country needs a strong example of leadership now more than ever.
Get em Sen. Warren. I apologize for those men who tried to silence u as they have not the decency to do it themselves
it's only going to get worse with that Cheeto in chief
there should B harsher punishments 4 that.. a fine is 2 easy 4 them; breakin a labor law shld = automatic jail time 4 top execs
thats how the rich typically  (not always) get richer - breaking laws! Some even get to the highest positions doing so...
what  do u live in the dems broke more laws the past eight years the this country ever saw.dems going down hard
I'm tired of one side saying this and the other saying that, and neither doing anything to make progress
The Republicans have blocked any positive action for 6 years, as they control govt's purse strings.
Are you that closed minded you are unwilling to admit that those attempts were not positive?
Did a Russian ambassador write the report for your office?
landslide Trump 2020
EXPOSE THEM!

IF YOU ONLY WATCH ONE REAL NEWS VIDEO THIS WEEK, THIS IS IT...Trump's Russian Money Laundering EXPOSED!!! http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/new-commerce-secretary-at-nexus-of-lucrative-trump-russian-deal-886220355575 … via @msnbc
