Where is the #Democrat alternative proposal? Both sides need to stop playing politics with our health.
Go to @SenFeinstein profile. There is a proposed Bill they've tried to get seen for weeks. I believe @SenWarren contributed.
Not seeing a proposal, just 'I'm against...' Fix ACA, single payer, whatever. People need health care. #Dems stop dancing and do something.

The country is $20trill in debt!  Expanding Medicaid is not the solution.  That is part of the problem!
Much of that is dollar denominated debt, and the Fed can never run out of dollars. Governments grow out of their debt rather than repay it.
I hope u are joking...
Not at all. Economic growth comes BECAUSE of government debt, not in spite of it.
can you PLEASE focus on removing Trump from office?

Signed,

One of your Constituents.
You blame everyone and anyone but your own sh*tty policies. FYI: Dems were being voted out of power everywhere years before Trump.

LOL!  a poll.  Votes matter, polls are for losers who can't get the votes.


Oh no!  Quick send me another meme to really show me!  

Get to work and get these ppl insured stop your damn posturing both Dens and GOP enough represent !!!!
@SenWarren is not, and has not ever "postured." That's terribly unfair. She's fought DAILY for all of us.
Complete bullshit! Your brainwashed not that your brain doesn't need a good washing
Hopefully by now dems have hired best data mining personnel with proven techniques since repubs unlikely to pass 'no targeted bots allowed'
A few holdouts not from Breitbart belt states may save it. Dems need to target voters exactly like DT bots did, but not use Russia for leads
Noooo, Obama care has been dying and smelly before it was touched.
Keep fighting
Elizabeth Warren you and Obama and liberal Republicans created that problem so own up to it n fix it! Or let Trump handle it.
Most effective allocation of money to achieve dem goals: target swing voters media channels. Bill votes based on aggregated voter response
Do a rain dance, Pocahontas
How about an Indian dance?
And the ACA is dying on it's own!  If not replaced, Americans have nothing!  How does that help your constituents?
Your a has been!
Comrade Warren.  You are an embarrassment to Massachusetts.
Is it possible for the Dems to work with the GOP who voted against to work together to begin fixing the current state of affairs for AHCA?
I would never do a touchdown dance with that crowd, keep your eye on the ball.
Someday...
Zombie?
I can't afford the outrageous copays, yet FORCED to pay for useless "affordable" Obumacare and pay for your deadbeats too. How is that fair?
EXACTLY....it still has some breath left in it....unfortunately
zombies at least desire brains.

this #wealthcare bill is a vampire. It sucks.
Push single payer, senator. Get everyone out in front with it.
Me either.I'm taking this break to resistbot, call, email, fb, tweet, carrier pigeon the heck out of demanding #impeachment or Amendment 25!
My senators staff will be sick of me when all is said and done
Here is something else that has come back from the dead. only it's a good thing. I'm a historian
Keep fighting @SenWarren ! Oh and btw...can you do something about those annoying Nazis in the White House? Thanks.
SO SAD...
Like the most obscene politicians in DC. Zombies who just won't die/go away (so we can get the newer improved version)
The only way to stop Republicans from time to take Healthcare away from everyone is to vote them out of office
I agree we need Healthcare all you gov officials have
You rock!
He needs to grow up and start doing his job
Trump you need to grow up and start acting like the president and not a raving child
CNN is not in his back pocket so it's fake news.
Trump is the biggest pinhead I have ever seen.
Ms Warren, can Dems use yesterday's Trump tweet invited them to join GOP in improving ACA as reason to try to do just that?
So... Necrophilia?? 

Yes?
It's more about their egos than it's about getting affordable health care for the people.
Hey, let the Zombie HC bill die. HC will not happen with two dysfunctional political parties. We need is a non political team to manage.
"Zombie Bill"? gg Let's cut to the chase: G-E-N-O-C-I-D-E-!!!
Liz you're so focused and committed to what u believe in but it's important to celebrate victories along the way & this was a BIG one! 
Absolutely correct - don't let your guard down for a second, until El Dump a BD McConnell are both gone gone gone.
maybe do a rain dance, Pocahontas
Yes, be vigilant.  They will try again.
Look at his newest tweet, when is enough enoigh to challenge his mental state?
Spot on E .  It comes from feeling pressure that it has to be replaced.  Like anything everything need touch up #house or learning or other
Stab it in the face.
Pocahontas, the Dems created this abortion, Trump is trying to clean up the mess you elitist made.
What is the definition of insanity...?
What does that make the ACA then, a terminal cancer patient that bankrupts the family before it dies?
It was definitely more of a sigh of relief rather than spiking the football.
And in the meantime... we have to now protect our social security and medicare from the GOP!
This is insanity!
Can we secede yet?
Whatever you say FAKEAHONTIS! Take your psyche Med's!
Hey Miss Zombie where is your health care plan? The one that's in place is a total disaster!
Repeal and replace Obamacare
Please get the #DemPlan in front of those calling for bi-partisan effort let's not play the same game GOP has for 7 years.
So true, it's hard to understand why the conservative party, a government branch, not want to get everybody together and work this out...
We'll help you kill those zombies EW
That is horrible people that were forced to get ins can't afford drs r not accepting and ins providers r pulling out of states.
why democrats should take the lead, present clear ideas to augment ACA, making it even better for americans and ask for bi partisan support
Republicans do not want to provide health care; they want to keep it just for themselves.
Any American alive today can honestly say Republicans have never been interested in healthcare until ACA became a law.
Maybe less celebrating over a failed health care system and start helping to design something to help the people.  The people need something
Just get rid of most republicans
Are going to have a 'POW WOW" over this??
No one is! It was the Republicans with their first disastrous bill rushed with their bus trip to Rose Garden with high-five's and back slaps
Enjoy your happy dance while many Americans are going to the poorhouse with insane copays & premiums. What is wrong with you?!!!!!!
Amen!
I cant afford health insurance and I cant afford the tax penalty-so what now- I get locked up for tax evasion?? America-land of the free?NOT
Seems Repubs have openly been arguing, fighting, negotiatomg, etc.to find a fix to the craven Ocare. You do nothing but spew hatred and lies
Like they have w/All their corrupt extremist ideas
Yeah kind of like you
Everyone needs healthcare. Keep in mind premiums and deductibles for middle class as high as $10,000 a year.
your Obamacare will cause people to die....
The only time I will be ready to dance  @SenWarren is when the Donald is gone. Bottle of champagne is chilling waiting for that day soon!
Your up for re-election,we can tell your using tweeter as you never have bed fore.shouldnt you thank the President for your tweeter.
What DO Senators do touchdown dances over? Inquiring minds want to know.
It's not just one zombie, it's a zombie outbreak and we have to keep fighting 'till we reach the safe zone
Please keep fighting for us.
Can't wait till you are voted out!
Fix it
No dancing until single payer!!!!!
This is very true and wise on your part ma'am.
@SenWarren Your katest tweets aure sound like a TD dance to me. You stood on the side-ok, let it fail and see what happens.
I didn't think healthcare was a game,  but knowing you it is just a game. The Democrat always will play with the life's of the people, SAD!
Sort of like YOU Pochantis?
Please keep fighting for us! Let's fix the flaws with Obamacare. We can't let the "fake" President win! Push lines aside and work together
AND we WILL be back stronger than them EVERY.TIME. #NeverRepeal
"We the People" WILL prevail just as we did with the utterly soulless cretins in the GOP the past three failed attempts ...#NeverRepeal
You have what you wanted. ObamaCare is unchanged.
Oh it's coming back and they will repeal your socialist crap law once and for all
The times they are a chang'in!!
a zombie looks much better than you in the morning.
I see you're reading my comments
Can we call it a coloring book instead of a bill!
No need, its bankrupt and will die on its own....morons
We have to keep fighting it
The GOP won't stop until millions of poor people are without healthcare and the top 1% are reaping the benefits. #heartlessbastards
Where's your plan Elizabeth
Imagine next year's headline: Women of the Senate "Bare Arms" and Make History! Female Bipartisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
Winter is coming.
Zombie bill. Great name. Those are about the only "people" that benefit from ACA, the already dead. First realistic thing you've said.
Thank you for sparing us seeing you dance
Obamacare is the dems mess this is what happens when you have untrustworthy people (dems) in government.
And yet the concept of healthcare as a tax break for the top 5% has proved to be politically untenable to the GOP for one reason or another.
There are only small victories in this war. This GOP and WH cabinet can distract us, as Bannon is dismantling our infrastructure. WATCH HIM!
We don't want to see you dance!
Don't light your cigar yet! The Great thing Obama Care is going to implode and the President and GOP don't own it. Barack and the DNC do!
Remember you gotta hit it on the head. Blow em brains off.
you're just saying that because Obamacare is the one that keeps coming back to Hannah and you've done nothing but complain SHAME
Can Senate Dems hold their own debates on healthcare since we apparently don't count in this government?
did you put on your war paint
Keep up the fight @SenWarren we need you more than ever!
it's time for bipartisanship the American people want congress to act together and work for the good of the country do your jobs
You have to cut the head off zombies to kill them.....
Liz baby darling ... FOLLOW THE MONEY health care is about benefits... in my mind it's like a murder case Who be collecting those benefits
Do you think the more sane ones on the other side will ever reach out to Democrats and try for something bipartisan
I don't know if the term is demented or deluded. We in now way are crawling to them on this. No F**king way.
The GOP hates all things Obama. I wonder if there is a reason for that not just he is former POTUS.
I love you Liz. But taking credit for their in fighting is a pushing it. Like them we just said no.
Let Obamacare die! Then the Republican Rinos will have to come to the table. Dems have a chance to rectify the worst healthcare but won't
The ACA is a dying horse. Would like to see the gains in your portfolio off of us American workers who had massive increases!
Never have I seen such intent to harm the American people as repubs / trump with this bill
ACA needs to cover  the "Oklahoma Krabs " you gave everyone..Grandma's Oklahoma Krabs should have been cured decades ago...Sea Phyllis 2
@1iroller keep fighting it. It's the most disgraceful, pernicious and cruel bill I've seen America try to pass.
Because hard working people are sick of paying for lay abouts

Remember Zombieland rule number 2 The double tap!!We've got to shoot that bitch in the head again...just to make sure...
Watch this stupid movie, it has relevance to your apt metaphor.
https://youtu.be/cOe71YhTwEI 
People need to see the Democrats putting forth ideas on making the ACA strong and lasting. If GOP won't work with you, make voters aware.
Is there a full cost analysis of the current system vs. Universal Health Care? Prove with solid numbers that UHC is cheaper, then debate $$$
Senator Warren: when are we going to get rid of the WH zombies?
Keep Fighting, Thank you & every Senator who Votes against this Wealthcare Senior Death Bill. Unite Fight Vote 2018 & 2020
,We must Stand & Fight or lay down & Die
the zombie bill was Obamacare! All politicians are FOS!
I believe in you and Bernie keep moving forward
penalty for staying uninsured is $695 per adult, or perhaps 2.5 percent of a family's taxable household income. That tax is on going
That'd be cool if you did though...
It's almost as if the GOP is really enthusiastic about eugenics of millions of poor Americans.
And you never http://should.You  should be creating realistic and viable legislation to fix the issues with the existing ACA.
Thank you thank you
Do you hate the bill, or Trump?
Makes me wonder if 'Jim' is a zombie.
It's just gone into remission for now
Stay vigilant and keep fighting for the American people! I'm glad we have you.
Now kill all the other B.S., like killing net neutrality..
We will fight it every time!! Time to fix the known problems or get government out of it because there will be no compromise
When do the Indians dance?
Sorry about you Zombie bill, just do away with Obamacare and MAYBE you will work with GOP to get something better
Thank you. How about Revise & Repair instead of Repeal & Replace?
I'd still like to see your 'touchdown dance'...  ;)
This thing will not die. We've got to stay active. Endurance.
And so has the #Resistance
Your saying that because Obama Care will fail and you are part owner.  You know it will so you don't want egg on your face. Just man up oops
Squaw no happy with heap um great white father treaty. How!
@SenSanders single payer healthcare ASAP!!!
Double tap
I hear ya Liz
Hope your just as tough on this budget that looks even worse-NO PRIVATIZING MEDICARE ITS ONLY HELPING TRUMP BUSINESS PARTNERS NOT AMERICANS
Love you!
They'll never give up. Why aren't the Dems coming up with the necessary improvements on the ACA?
IMPEACH NOW!!!!!

At least you doing a TD dance is more believable than @NancyPelosi throwing that out there. You can be so likeable sometimes.
Maybe u should've gone w/a "slaying the dragon"type theme in your video last week instead of going the zombie route #GoT #TWDissoLYor4 #MAGA
Why not just let them do what they want and when they fail you can do the native dance of celebration your forefathers Taught you
Keep up the good effort; kill the bills!
Thank you for fighting for us! You are loved! #Trumpcare #ACA #AHCA #Healthcare #Resistance #Resist #AARP #ProtectOurCare #KillTheBill
You own the current bill that is crashing! You should have to have the same health insurance we have to deal with.
Let's just repeal and come up with a replacement later.
I say the same to Obamacare to liberals and they start crying all over again like on Election Day.
Did you learn that from an ancient Indian ceremonial dance
I hope it's not the one where the healthcare plan attacks a mall. That one sucks.
Thank you for your leadership @SenWarren and 
What...now your a comedian?
