Too bad Hillary fought this so hard
I am a lefty, but at this point I don't feel there is any hope left, please tell us why we should continue to fight
Truth to power is why.  Do your part at local level.  So sad if you fold and buy into helplessness.  Let others own and see what's going on.
Sorry but the Gorsuch thing really is the last straw, shows me how little power we Dems have, no checks or balances left, one party rule...
You have power.  I have power.  Speak from your heart.  These new guys in the WH are so insulated and are very inefficient.
 
Focus on truth

Come on Charle, don't hold back, tell us how you really feel
About Warren and how ridiculously mental she is?
voted down Glass-Steagall in 2016 Platform. 7-6 all HRC reps voted against. Stop lying Senator.
No matter. Move it forward again and every year. HRC is not here now.
Lies always matter. Always.
To hell with glass-sreagall
Commercial banks don't need securities divisions to get into lending crises
So Libs ready to compromise? Ha..
Man I hear you but, @howtodoit1 is not a compromise, it's a need. The banksters are out of control
Does bipartisan mean the left with the extreme left.  Very sorry Pocahontas
There's a novel idea...Congress getting anything done!
Bring back Glass-Steagall
Keep up your good work.
Hurry up!!
Yes! Reinstate #GlassSteagall! #StillSanders #MAGA
go for it, please! The whole world will benefit with it.
Are you okay with the elimination of Consumer Financial Protections? If so, not cool. #NeverBernie
Senator Warren just heard tonight that your paying your male staff 10% more than your female staff!  Sad is all I have to say!!
Someone on high chose this date.
We are doing this!
America is strong!
Please, once in awhile at least, talk about the Walkout.
deve8rs
We definitely need Glass-Steagall reinstated.
There is no such thing as a free market.
Go Senator Warren...I feel like you are my only hope left in DC!!!
You can't trust Pocahanas, she lies about everything.
@gehrig38 who is running against you in 2018 will win. wr want you out so bad you lying SCAM fake native American.GIVE BACK MONEY YOU STOLE
She doesn't pay women equally and she always talks about this issue 
Warren is complete and udder GARBAGE!! I could find Syrians more native American then she is
Proverbs 28:13
He who covers his sins will not prosper, But whoever [1/2]
confesses and forsakes them will have mercy. [2/2]
who repealed it? Ohh that's right!!! It was Bill scumbag Clinton.
How about getting the damn @DNC up & running I guess NONE of you are running for office next year only 18 months away what aboutDem base
LMFAO. "Bipartisan support" to Liberals is agreeing with them on something. DJT just say NO to Glass-Steagall....
Hypocrite Pocahontas when are you going to start paying you female staffers equally???....
Dr drubennsll@Hotmail.com 82461096
Ur liberal ideas are broken. Only in MA would a loon like you be a senator. Please be quiet.
Did you forget about your Russian Ruse? Very poor judgement Senator!!!!
have you seen the "Inside Trumps Life @RogueLeaks " WH LEAKERS FROM FEB 1 saying it was planned to start WW3 on April 7?
WWGD..... What would Geronimo Do?
This NASTY WOMEN cld care less abt women she can't even pay them equally AS MEN! I hope ALL u NASTY WOMEN enjoy being taken advantage of!
Let's have ppl who had homes stolen by #Fraudclosure w/phony docs get REAL REPARATIONS.Let's get it done! Mortgage "settlement"=sham
Robert Rubin: Clinton Treasury Secretary loosened financial industry underwriting guidelines which were in place since the '30s.

Lizzy let's congratulate Judge Neil Gorsuch. Appointed to the Supreme Court.Thank you,you made a fool of yourself.
But let's do it smarter - as Hillary suggested.
I'm sure Donny will switch it up on you. I would get it in writing.
any chance of support to disband #citizensunited??
Sit down
You got the right bad guys. You just don't know how to fight them. Regulations hurt us all. #powertothepeople
Trump violated US ConstitutionArticle I, Sec8,Clause11.War w/o Congress approval

Yes !
Gorsuch was confirmed by bipartisan vote, too! Love seeing the two parties working together!
Is 45 scitzo? Didn't he just lift all Obama's banking regulations from 08 crash?
It's all about how much money they can steel from the American tax payer, remember It's Screw American first.
Litzy! First, why don't you pay your women as much you pay your men?
You are fixated on banks. Were you denied a mortgage at one time. You are useless as a senator
Hey Pocahontas want to wear your outfit to the scotus party let this be a lesson to you loony liberals don't mess with the Donald POTUS haha
Come out of your teepee 
This whole United States Senate thing might not be working out for you, huh?
#dems #GOP #Trump #tcot #Senate #democrats #FridayFeeling
Why not stop being a phony?Big pay gap for women in your own party.Pocahontas strikes again.
Hypocrit, cant pay your women senate office members the same ad the men!
MUST READ: Fauxcohontas is a "clownish hypocrite" 
#USSenate #democrats #dems #EqualPay #MythOfPayDisparity
Please change your cover photo....just woke up and ruined my day
Just remember poca loud mouth. What has been done in darkness is and will come to light. Can't wait for your lights to come on
I know @SenWarren ALWAYS screaming about something.... something definitely wrong with her
When is @SenWarren up for re election? I'm going to bring all my ILLEGAL friends (that can't stand her either) & vote her out...what irony!
Omg lol let me know. I'll come and protest her. I have lots and lots of family and friends. Lol
How about Fed Chief Lacker?  No charges?
You're finally willing to work as a team and get something done?? About time our tax dollars are used for good instead of wasting time
Leave it 2 u 2 condemn DT on the air strike! Do u then condone Syria using chemical weopons & killing their own children? U r a nut job!
Have u ever considered retiring or having ur head examined? Ur mouth supersedes ur brain:p
You are causing many people to turn on democrats so you keep up the great work that you haven't don but run your mouth that is all you do
WHY do you pay women less than men?
Bye Felicia- where was Warren when her support would have helped Bernie???
Hypocrite. Fraud. Liar.
So sen are you avoiding higher pay  oh yeah your a politician
It was repealed during Bill Clinton's time as Pres!
Your headdress is too tight Pocahontas!
Go fish!
Way to go Liz!!! This is really a "no brainer". Those opposed are greedy m/billionaires or wanna-bees that love soft beds when risks do awry
Welcome GORSUCH!!
Re-implanting a G-S style bill will not make our financial system safer. And it would not have prevented the financial crisis as many say.
No republicans (or democrats) should work with you and waste their time.....period.
SEN WARREN Agrees with whatever happens to be popular at the Moment. You on left FINALLY WAKE UP & SEE your Party Leaders for Who they are!
#SusanRiceUnmasked
Pocahontas's , your canoe is leaking, hurry up and jump overboard.
@SenWarren @SenJeffMerkley stupid attempt at just prolonging another loss! Partisian politics country last!
Lieawatha your continues lies are absolutely tiring.  (((President))) Trump has No criminal Investigation by the FBI. I are a losing hackHag
You = witch
Elizabeth says She is 4 Women but Women who work for Her get .71 cents vs every 1.00 She pays MEN it's whatever sounds good at the time
What's going on with the Beacon report ? Sure not who you say you are or what you represent . But that's the Democrat way. Get out of office
It is a bad bill now and I'm sure you can make it worse.
DO UR JOB 4 FREE like @realDonaldTrump is doing. Make yourself trustworthy again
Shut up!!!!
<--- hypocrite that pays her women staffers less than men. POCAHONTAS POOP
What does "bipartisan" mean?
Elizabeth..How did your obstruction of Neil Gorsuch turn out? Oh right..DID NOT go well!! Poor baby..I'll send you a cookie and Play Doh!
Dont lie this time.  Get it done! FDR's Glass-Steagall and LaRouche's Four Laws!
Should have never been repealed.  Shame on #BillClinton!
Glass-Seagal would put the "safety" back on the American financial system. No more bank casinos gambling with Main St hard earned savings!
There is nothing progressive going backwards!!!
No
Obama's treasury secretary and 1 of the people involved in its repeal during the Clinton administration said it couldn't be done in 2009
Senetor warren please keep up the good work you do But also you need to take out the puppet string puller Mitch McConnell He's done nothing
Why dont you pay your female staffers the same rate as your male ones? Bit hypocritical as you claim to be all for equality #alltalknoaction

This is not a win for trump, he still can't control people to do his bidding.  He had to cram it down their throats.
Hey Pocahontas, didn't you support the nuke option in 2013? Now you're opposed to it? Explain please?
Why work with #TreacherousTrump?

All respect for you GONE.
surprise us all!  I don't have any trust in this institution 2 work 4 the ppl!
Please, let's...and lest we not forget
You sure he knows what that s. It's NOT glass seagulls, a statue. They do know this right? It's about financial justice for Americans.
Yes. Something Sen. Warren has been screaming and preaching about for years.
How does this legislation address non-banks offering bank like products, such as cash management accounts or sweeps to industrial banks?
Sure...That's what they *tell* ya... 
I'd still watch your back if I were you!
Can you say Housing Bubble? Caused by Democrats? I know you can!!
your just a lot of noise no one listening
How did that #NeilGorsuch whining go for you? #POTUS #Trump beats the #FakeIndian again! #MApoli #Democrats #MAGA #AmericaFirst #SCOTUS

Fix Dodd Frank which has screwed Small banks!
corruption abound in DC...drain the swamp.
Keep up the fight! We support you...
term limits so politician serve the people and not special interest groups
Senator Warren PLEASE run for president in 2020.  I'm begging you. Select Franken as your running mate. WE NEED YOU! #PERSIST
Great ticket A fake Indian and a old Socialist LOL! The 's will love it but won't vote
Don't look now but you are a socialist living in a SOCIETY based on sharing everything socially: water/sewer/roads/electric infrastructure
How about Articles of Impeachment instead?
They can't about @POTUS.AND nobody can say ANYTHING @POTUS44 did that was GOOD
Obama did more to harm then help
don’t hold your breath
Amen!
NOW you want to work with Republicans?!?
Now your talking some sense indian girl
please retire!!!!!!!
I wouldn't bet on support from Trump.  I don't think he knows what he's for or against.
That's not very bold. Reinstate a policy from the 1930's? You can't do any better than that?
Thanks for voting to confirm our new SCOTUS Justice by the way.. ;)
Sorry they won't vote for it because it's not there idea
Why haven't you addressed why women make 30% less then the men working for you. You are about rights yet, women's pay?
Fakers like Lizzy say to all " its TRUMP" he hates women, GOP hates women Liz is a 
Until Mitch gets hold of them
Yes.
Haters on the Left are useless fascists
But separation of church and state is. Not everyone's religious k thanks byee
Harry did terrific job!
