To bad you never spoke about the devastating financial impact the aca would have on premium's
No thank you. I'd rather burn my eyes out.
do it then
Thank you for the solid advice. Maybe I should so I don't have to read ignorant tweets like yours.
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp #Veterans #Law Don't listen to NRA TeaParty TRUMP & Co BS, WATCH what they do to THEIR own Voters

Secure the southern border. 85% of drugs comes from Mexico. The rest come from your drug company donors.
the addiction starts with the doctors and ends with the drugs from the south. Reforming healthcare is key to end
I know a guy that's been to 26 rehabs , not counting outpatient care. All on Medicaid. And he's still getting high.
yes, addiction rehab isn't perfect. And I agree, We DO need more research $$ about how to improve it!
A.A & N.A. are most effective for long term recovery. 
And Its free.
no free lunch exists. It's getting paid for somehow.
It's self supported. No Government funds accepted.
They pass a basket at meetings.
I know how it works. And it's not effective for most.
Remind me: The opioid crisis was create and came into being as a result of what Trump health care law, exactly?You may step down.
the crisis you & Obama WH allowed to flourish with your ignoring the border & trafficking NOW U WANT TO DISCUSS!????
Important point, good work! Thank you for fighting for everyday Americans to have decent health coverage.
she just figyts for herself. Get your head out of the sand.
Yeah, perhaps you should read more and take your own advice
ok snowflake!
I'm still waiting to see the savings we were promised under ACA
is a traitor to 
Stand your ground! I know you will.
thank you for tirelessly fighting for what's right!!
Liz what have YOU done to address the opioid crisis?  It's getting worse!
why isn't anything being done about this guy? Democrats need to be louder than the GOP. C'mon!!!
like u did bettah u have no say u messed it up terribly lizzy resign
@jonasokon They don't care
You must have the biggest set of B÷=%s of in the Dems party. How else could you show your communist face in public. Sick nonhuman
politicians love to exploit, they never really do anything in the interest of the ppl for the ppl. Just another soapbox.
I'd rather eat nails then listen to you speak
The GOP doesn't care about addicts. They want more people in addiction and unable to go up against them. They want more pawns
Seems like they have a lot already  UNPAWN if you are one!
I'll be sure to out.
You helped get us in this mess...why not be productive and help us get out of it?  #FullRepeal
what about the "devastating impact" that #Obamacare is having on the working middle class. Don't we matter anymore? #unseatwarren
Speak....Protest...blah blah blah. Try DOING something
Is there something you would like to share with us Ms Warren? It's all right, we're your friends. We'll give you a safe place.
thank you for speaking on this subject. I work directly w/patients + families affected by the opioid crisis.
you know I am actually pretty moderate and used to like/admire you but I now realize your just like the other hyper partisan pols
OMG! #selfpromoter. Everyone now knows it. If you want to run for president you need to provide solutions, ideas. Not objections
Planned Parenthood = Whores shitting out kids for free food stamps, money & housing, on the government dole working the system!
we call it the Republican Insurance Plan, or R.I.P.  Very appropriate.
everything from the republicans is "devastating" to you and Party. Be tolerant as the republicans been these 8 devastating years.
This is such an important issue.
- This has already been prioritised, nothing to see here!
How have U done so far on that crises, sen. warren from Mass? U R screaming again. not pretty.
only thing that would make it worse then Obama care is turning it to a 1 payer system
people become hooked on opiods trying to ease the pain you and pelosi 
cause. If you want to fight opiod abuse... Resign !!!
you must be an addict. Out at least tweaking on meth.
Why,  ain't nobody listening to you.  JUST RETIRE,  RESIGN LEAVR
the devastating impact !!  how dramatic!!  without opium liz, you may have to turn to glue
you liberals are to blame for drug abuse,push to legalize drugs,glorify use in movies,anything goes until you die from addiction
#HereWeGoAgain #DrainTheSwamp
rooting for you! Give em hell
- Did Trump get them hooked? Does Trump get unmarried women pregnant?
if you dont like it, come up with something better. Hag
Thank you Sen. Warren for continuing to speak out against and fight Trumpcare.
Will not happen #russiagate
Go get 'em Senator Warren. We are behind you  %!! Thank you for standing up for what is right. #ethics #principles #decency
penalties for sub abuse don't do much in isolation. need funding for treatment, harm reduction, surveillance #statewithoutstigMA
#Trumpcare = #TrumpDoesntCare time to #RepealAndReplace the #SoCalledPresident #LiarInChief #PutinsPuppet #Unhinged #Unfit #SAD
#warren2020
no thanks, I'm having a tooth pulled.
And mental health.
Thanks for all you do! We must stop #Trumpcare, #Savethe ACA!
Thank you, Senator Warren. No problem is more critical at this moment.
MA isn't the only state that has the opioid crisis. I hope you are successful in your quest to rectify this important issue
#crisis. How did Obamacare aka UN-ACA help tackle opioid use Mass? It didn't, bigger than ever. MASS T PARTY RUSE, VITE HER OUT!
speak? You mean yell and scream?
Way to "persist"!! Thank you!
When people who have no @Trumpcare (which will be most people) go hospital ER's, who will pay?
maybe if you do a rain dance it might help
you live in an ivory tower.  You have NO idea what healthcare is about.  #HotAir #TermLimits #ACÁ
the question is... why is there an opioid problem in MA ?
as a health care provider I thank you. Addiction is a disease that needs to be treated as one.
Senator, we left MA for CT after your election. Perhaps you and colleagues could remove marijuana and other non gateway drugs and
set up schedule 1 drugs to be seriously addressed. Or, if not, add nicotine and alcohol to schedule 1 drugs list.
@senrobportman from Ohio, no.1 state for drug overdoses, needs to join in this conversation.  He campaigned heavily on issue.
persist!  You got this!  Thank you for all you do and for all the sexist baloney you've had to deal with.
if you're so worried why did Ex-Pres Obama release or pardon all those drug dealers ? They're not responsible for ruining lives.
there is nothing you love more than speaking. It never accomplishes anything, however, at least you get to speak. Worthless.
I would love the healthcare plan the government gets!
More lies from the fake Indian "FAUXKAHONTAS " Where do you get your proof ? Oh ya I forgot , you make it up .
my little Indian just stop taking them
@IvankaTrump Ms Trump, You can't tweet about opoid crisis on one hand and support Trumpcare's problems with the other.
How would you know? Did you read the bill?
, or Pocahontas, have you completely lost what little mind you have?  You have made enough of a fool of yourself, give it a rest.
I think you dems are more afraid that it will work
please start process so House & Senate will covered under Trumpcare.  Force a vote by Rep control house.
why didn't you speak about the devastating impact Obamacare created?  People paying double losing jobs why speak now?
check the demographics of the 2 cities with the worst problem Lowell & Lawrence The answer is obvious as to what the problem is!
yes the opiate problem in MA created by these elitist drug 'prescribing' doctors. They create the problem then want $ to fix it!
What about devastating impact Obamacare is ALREADY HAVING on opioid crisis? #YoureACompleteJoke
- Opiod crisis in #MA caused by #Obama #illegals flooding the state. #MApoli #deportation #BuildTheWall #MuslimBan #MA #Boston
I hope you are voted out of office just like hundreds of others just like you. We don't need your bad ideas on on Obama care bad
NO
even overseas the elites are going to be voted out just like the UK,you libs and dems have no idea how to run anything 2018 vote
Thank you for calling it what it is: #TrumpCare
besides that your a hypocrite saying Obamacare is better than what is coming from the other side. You elites don't matter anymore
but have said nothing about how bad Obama care is... Why is that Lizzie?
.@SenWarren After saying for the past 7 years that the GOP had a better plan Trumpcare is it? Not very bright boys are they
all Americans here from your mouth is hollow words,we all see right though your lies and you don't look a bit like your Indian
fake Senator ,ask Pocahontas what she thinks ..
Youve been Sen for MA since 2013 why is there opioid crisis? Havent YOU done anything to help your ppl of MA w/this crisis? Joke!
Just a quick question....why is there an opioid crisis in MA with the wonderful ACA in place for several years?
*yawn*
you are an abuse
because its at epidemic levels after 7 yrs of obamacare
thank you for all you do. How much longer do we have to be at risk with Mr Trump. We need to stop him before it is to late.
won't happen
Thank you for working so hard for us!!!
You need to take a seat......Blahahahahaaha
I need opioids after reading your Tweets.
Pocahontas is on the war path
For the love of God, please close your mouth. Not one intelligent word has escaped your lips.
the warren crisis in MA is far worse than opioids
it will be devastating for all of America.
idiot
is that all you have to say?
isn't that your state that you are supposed to be taken care of. The pepple of your state put you up there to improve it,..
@jessebwatters @oreillyfactor @seanhannity @megynkelly Lizzy Calm Down Take A Deep Breath, Hold It For About 20 Minutes Jeez
Don't forget the rain. For the farmers. They'll be devastated too.
she can make it rain, right?
if you don't like Trumpcare then you and the democrats need to work with Congress republicans and democrats come with a better hp
when u say "about to speak..." its like a 80's band saying "here's something from our new album" & off to the restroom we go!
@realDonaldTrump - If the KGB is listening through the microwave he does his instant coffee in, a little fentanyl- a lot- is good
you should tour this speech in trump country! Low-income trump voters NEED TO KNOW THIS
Corporate deregulation will make it easier for drug companies to sell narcotics in pill mills no ? Asked
This is painful to sit through. My hat is off to you  Senator Warren
Have you thought about going to the DR. ? Seriously take a chill pill and maybe a vacation. So much hate in you.
You didn't care much when you pushed through Obama care but now you do? You can't pick and choose. We want your health plan!
warren the demographics liar, socialist, & gimme gimme gimme absolute hater of ANY success. We built it & YOU are tearing it down
the Japanese word Gambatte seems a propos. Have courage/ fight on!
where does it say in the constitution that I have to pay for everyone's healthcare at the point of a government gun??
how about in Trump Tower? White House? Mar-a-Largo?
---Coward-Piven ... here we come!!
U dems caused the epidemic now the grown ups will fix it
Covering the interests of the democrat big donors?
I think the Repubs should just let Obamacare bankrupt the country instead
Thank you, Senator.
respectfully, marijuana legislation removing it from schedule would be the best and fastest solution.
I'm all for fighting the opioid crisis, but we need alternatives.  How about #LegalMarijuana?  #MedicalMarijuana is too limiting.







why don't you speak about devastating impact killer Clinton/Obomber had on Iraq,Libya,Gaza,etc!no more #HillarysWars
















I have always been against single payer ins. Until now. For profit ins will never be affordable. Ins is a right not a luxury


Better things to do with my time than listen 2 ur negative crap filled with hate anger & revenge Get over ur hate It's unhealthy
The Culling of America. DON'T back down. You ARE fighting the good fight!!
let all the addicts die. Enough compassion.
I need to keep my health insurance because this so- called president and his minions are making me sick!!     
All those promises 45 made to families across the country about fixing the problem gone...POOF.

