Today, @AnthemInc sheepishly announced that they’re partially reversing their decision to leave VA.
.@AnthemInc's decision is great – but insurers making huge profits off taxpayers shouldn’t need to be shamed into providing coverage.
Until single payer coverage established with regulations profit incentives insurance and pharmaceutical companies use will obstruct access.
Thank you Elizabeth for having our backs. Keep fighting the good fight! I love you!!
Thank you!
Keep up the good fight! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy! Healthcare = life
You'll never get it, LIZZIE!
You are living a life we'll never know. I wanna look up your digs..HOME.
Thank you Sen. Warren. You're a nat'l treasure. Companies like Anthem that get 1/2 their profits from US & tax subsidies 4 rest TOO POWERFUL
Insurance is a joke, it doesn't matter who's in office... Nothing gets done!
Thank you for speaking out and holding Anthem accountable. Any change in our HC system has to have cooperation by insurance companies.
TY Senator Warren I can't vote in MA but would totally support you for president.  Please run
Anthem Blue Cross wants tax cuts cuz then see those savings will trickle down. Either that or the CEO will make $20M this year.
Thx Sen Warren for calling out these greed dripping insurance companies, banks,. We need someone like you for POTUS. Any recommendations?
A 3 TERM LIMIT FOR CONGRESS IS NEEDED!
Only for the Majority leader and the Speaker and even then only if they are republicans. FDR kicked ass & turned US into superpower creditor
It just blows me away that their executives sit there and act like they don't know the numbers...such a liar...
Thank you for a great job, shinning a light on the darkness and speaking up for the people.
Now Warren is trying to bankrupt entire healthcare industry creating a govt take over
Greed is our enemy. Fighting is only possible with lots of daylight. Pl keep up the good work.
Ridiculous Warren   they left because Obama care is a disaster and they were lied to just like the American people were
We do NOT have a health care problem.  We have the best health care in the world.  Our problem is the greedy health insurance companies.
Shouldn't be allowed to be called insurance if it not 100%.any insurance.
Brilliant questioning. Direct and sharp but not offensive. Great job! I'm thinking VA is next and I will be in a world of hurt,
How dare you not lose money, private companies
Because your too busy squeezing taxes out of us for your one sided programs
@SenWarren for President! ! !
Thank you @SenWarren
These companies are anti-American.  I get it how they think.  Why doesn't congress require companies that participate in Medicaid to do ACA?
Outrage! Anthem is ending my California coverage because it's greed. It's time for single payer system in our country.
We need more senators like Senator Warren out there looking out for the well-being of Americans.
Bravo, Senator Warren, Bravo!!!
Elizabeth Warren, will you please be our president? 
U go girl!!! Big insurance is such a ripoff they only care bout how much money they make not the people sounds familiar! !
Wow!!! Please keep up the pressure on these insurance companies @SenWarren
You are such a BAD-ASS!  Thank you for standing up! Thank you for two my home state and US. MI MA #
So you passed it to see what's in ,and you still don't know what's in it? Failure is what's in it!
It's time to stop pandering and get rid of Obama care #worktogether
And @Cigna too.  Pulling out of Maryland and other markets
Thank you!!!!
GET'EM!!!!!! LOL
That's why I love you! You can't put profit over people's lives. They answer to BOD, not the American people. Capitalism is Destructive!!!
Bful maam we need you in india.we e blindly aping   the wrongs in US . How about visiting India sometime and give our regs a lesson or two!
Antheminc puts profits ahead of people... 10-20% returns are insufficient to stay in certain markets when 200% is available.
And, then in another twist, she wants to put them out of business altogether with complete gov't health insurance.
If they don't turn a profit, they can't provide coverage to anyone. Either you're too stupid to grasp that concept, or incredibly dishonest.
She's Awesome
Love what @SenWarren brings to table every time .. she is smarter Sen I know .. thanks for your fight for fair insurance
Fool
What do you consider "huge profits" exactly? Something like ohh... demanding $400K for a single class from students you express concern for?
It amazes me what has become acceptable. I thought today. What has happened to basic decency.
Thank you
She a nut job !
Pay off to the right people is crucial. Billions of dollars in profits. The medical profession is getting a bad name throughout the world.
How is this Trump's fault still working under Obama care this shit was going on under Obama’s watch nobody cared but now all of a sudden
Wow! you are just down right AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you @SenWarren youre awesome.  @AnthemInc profits nearly a BILLION dollars in 3 months & tries 2 play politics 2 get even more $.
because corporations can not afford to care 
When you going to call out Antifa for being a domestic terrorist organization?
Ain't it about time you came clean on where you stand on #H1B? Like how much abuse ? Must we reach $50B?
Elizabeth what kind of Indian name is that?
The free market is the ONLY mechanism to drive down healthcare costs. Get out of the way. Allow us to buy policies we want.
People should call you out for being a known liar.
You SOCIALIST. #dumpWarren
Silly b**** you look like Pelosi now waving your hands all over the place you don't walk and chew gum either do you
Hey Elizabeth I'm calling you out you haven't done a damn thing for Massachusetts you're just a waste of my taxpayer money
Like a chihuahua supported by a doberman. All bark. Push for a single payer and you wouldn't have to deal with @AnthemInc
Lieawatha is like an Iraqi scud missile- totally misguided and seldom hits a target. Go smoke some peyote in your wigwam
thank you senator Warren! I would support you for President
Democrats created ACA whats with all the questions Maybe you should have READ ACA before voting for it? NAW that would be commonsensical
HUGE PROFITS! YOU shameless panderer. YOU VOTED NO TO AUDIT THE FED. $9 TRILLION DOLED OUT TO THIEVES AND YOU WANT IT KEPT SECRET Shame on U
But it's ok for the government to squeeze more tax money out of the working/middle class to start the government dependent class.
Give us our free market back & GET THE HELL OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM!
Don't let the facts get in the way of you grandiose pandering!!
Why don't you be straight w/ ppl. and tell them that you're a socialist and you're pushing for a single payer! NO THANK YOU!
But, let's blame the insurance companies who have taken a big hit over Obamacare?
Thanks to Obamacare my premiums are $900 a month and my deductible is $30,000 a yr. I can't afford too go to a damn doctor now!
Elizabeth, why did the government have to stick their nose into our healthcare system in the first damn place?
But it would be a shame to address the main issue of obamacare??????  WTH are you thinking?  Oops......your not!
Shameful. Corporations in business to make money. How dare they. Take their f^*king money and redistribute as you see fit
How about a plan Democrats & Republicans could both support. A new paradigm shared with @RepDaveJoyce in a meeting.

what happened to equal pay

And every day I call you out for being a fraud and pretending to be Native American..... Pocahontas
We need more Senators like Senator Warren to ask hard questions to thieves like Anthem. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker will do nothing to help.
She's damm straight with things someone to keep an eye on for top job wait and see
Your 400k salary at Harvard has to be paid by students who are saddled with huge student loan debt. Will you teach for 0 to lower edu cost?
Wow @SenWarren you totally called @Antheminc out on their greed. Thanks for once again protecting families. Health care is not affordable.
Quit acting like you're doing something.
Great job
Would you please define huge profits. I think we tax profits. Stop all the emotions and use facts to make you argument .
I'm sure they're shaking in their boots.
Try the free market for a change!!
Blah blah blah.
Are they fiduciaries by law?
It is a predatory system . Clearly the sickness industries profit from sickness. They need sick people to increase profits.
You still keep missing the point.
The problem is the cost of treatment.
Throwing money at the problem won't fix it.
Warren you and the Dems put people in this position with Obamycare. Now u want to bitch about. Love that legacy! Hypocrite!
If the insurers don't even want these customers why are we working so hard to keep these customers in the private market?
This is like super ultra 4K hd
yes!  That is what has been going on with these big companies. they have been dumping millions in the ACA, while reaping record profits.
Lizzie, so how do you want the insurance companies to stay in biz if they can't make profits? lets see your economist degree!! Your clueless
An insurance company has 1 goal. That is to bring a profit to its shareholders each quarter. Customers come second. Take profit out of it.
wacky Lizzy! No more free stuff for losers.
Vote Pocahontas out! Unless she's going to be on the same healthcare plan as us she needs to shut up!  Is her healthcare more important?
Thank you
Probably because they cant make a profit !! JEEZ  Quit trying to sell OBAMACARE because if it was so good your sorry butt would be enrolled.
@GOP congress could have tweaked ACA for 6 years. No interest. Deval Patrick didn't sabotage MA health after Mitt.
Like we really care what you say, how can  anyone believe what you say when you fabricated your family history.
Why would u dream that any insurance co. is going 2 do the right thing? Are the others better? Pay so you're covered & pay once u get sick.
Your very right and it hurts when you have multiple people in a family needing  special care for life we are a paycheck away from dying
@AnthemInc is a business, not a charity.
Anthem to Boss "We want to pay less taxes and make our own rules" Warren "I'm sorry to hear that you're quitting."
Perhaps another reason Anthem wants to go to the "individual market" is that individuals have less power to resist unfair moves!

Yes, that´s it.  They just want cream at the top.  It´s not their fault though, they are not in the Solidarity business.
This is the straight talk Washington needs
I'm so proud of you Ms. Warren. You're one of my few Heroes.
Insurance companies add nothing but cost.

For profit and Huge ones insurance has been around for years and they keep wanting more
Exactly why you should be President
This is why some people don't like you, Senator Warren, but this is why I support you and admire you.
Yep, they just cut me off from seeing my doctor who is treating me for pre- breast cancer
What motive do insurance companies have to increase Healthcare costs?
They already have regulations on their overhead and salaries
The Master of Grandstanding.
#Congress, #ThomasPaine said it best! I'm talking to pathetic #Republicans who cannot do any of these things. #LeadFollowOrGetOutOfTheWay
Thanks to the Democrats & Obama's SCAM of Obamacare,America's health ins,is worthless for the working man.But that was the plan,right Warren
always pointing out others but never providing solutions, please resign and let Mr. Kennedy take his role
HR620 doesn't help the disabled so why does it exist? We are being threatened by healthcare reform and reducing ADA laws.
Pocahontas speak with forked tongue. 
Sticking up for multi millionaires....what a hero
Anthem is the worst.
Anthem is a corrupt and greedy company. There's a simple solution for their greed. #SinglePayer
