It's a "perfect example" why no working class person should ever vote for a Republican. Repub's have always represented big business & rich.
You forgot they also freed the slaves...
I remember when Dems were sort of "for" working people. It was a long time ago. Abandoned us in favor of big unions and identity politics.
Have you ever been in a Union?
I'm a right to work kinda girl.
I see, but Unions negotiate health, dental & vision care & pensions. Things a person can't get w/o the strength of collective bargaining.
True. I think they were necessary when first conceived. But just like most "bad" things are something "good" that has become perverted.
Much like politicians in general. When unions force ppl to join and pay, they risk becoming the bad they purport to protect the members from
Ok Pocahontas, whatever.......crearly trump and his administration has brought jobs
I see a lot of lip work by you, lots of complaining, but what, if anything have you accomplished? Guess we can't bitch about what U do thoug
The working simple people are the one who raise this country and we should stand for them, thanks
Warren, the only one the turned their back to the middle class and the working people are the democrats like you, Reid, Obama and Hillary.
Union workers are backing Trump, he fights for jobs, not fees to redistribute on b.s. progressive causes.
Congress needs a plan addressing hardship exceptions, so many, too many to list. Cheers!
The truth
Let me guess....you would nominate al Sharpton the tax cheat
Or Jesse Jackson. Who thinks he's God and said God won't let him into heaven.
Just like you did the last 8 yrs. with the Obamy administration. Damn Hypocrite!!!
You have not given two cents to the working people for YEARS and you expect us to believe that???  HAHAHA
Great coming from Pocahontas who lied about being Native American and took a job that should have gone to a REAL Indian
Elizabeth is a true Christian who runs on faith yet let's herself down when it come to killing babies in the womb.   Hmm anything for a vote
Workers fared well under 8 years of a Democrat president. Good job liberals!! Warren for bankruptcy coordinator 2020!!!
SenWarren, what myself and others would like to see from you is a "warrior" in Congress! The "era of etiquette" has come to an end!
I can't believe what U R tweeting. U have lost it. Crazy Elizabeth is a Jill Stein clone all foil.YOUR FAILED PARTY TURNED YOUR BACKS ON US
Just another chance for @RealDonaldTrump to #screw American working families. Did anyone REALLY expect anything different from him? #sigh
What have democrats done for working man? Nafta?jobs for Mexico? 8 yrs Dems did nothing for working man.
Trans-pacific pact jobs will B lost
The working class is tired to make two cents in rural jobs while the Republicans have good healthcare and jets to travel. What a shame!
But...
'The middle-class comeback may be the year’s most underreported story.' http://ow.ly/hlMX30eU2P2 
You can't just make a statement like that without proving it.
WHEN CONGRESS ALOWED OBAMA TO SPEND ALL THE MONEY I SAW ON OUR TAX DOLLAR-WHILE WE SUFFER TO PAY-I WAS SICK 7+YRS BAD DRUGS-LOST LAND,JOBS,+

Quit acting like you care.
Prove it with facts.
No. They don't. They really don't. You saying it, doesn't make it so.  You've declared war on the financial service workers.  Bad, bad girl
#WarrenFranken2020
Just another libtard lie.fauxahontas busy trying to rewrite history
No, they don't.
I wish you would turn your back on Twitter.
U ppl turned ur backs on the working people that's why Trump won! Go relax in your tee-pee Warren!
WTF, no smoke signals?
Let's check your history. We don't need to liar
You'd say anything!  No one is listening to you anymore.  Whoa is me, fake crap, lies from a lair constantly.  Your "base" must be smarter
Amazing what shit u Trumptards tweet.  Keep it up..more than 60% of us can see facts... Go Sen Warren
oh really Pocahontas?  your own party rebuked the Democratic Party's direction.....they jumped ship and voted Trump....as they should have
VOTE HER OUT!
Like you have over and over... unemployment at a 16 year low, wages up... your union  bosses would reverse the trend... u r a union stooge!
That is sweet coming from Elizabeth #Pocahontas Warren
Racist!
No lieawatha is pro indian when money is involved
You have a habit of turning your back on America so stuff it in your hat you sell out.
More lies...from Lie-ha-watha.
Warren needs to smoke the peace pipe more.
I agree...
Just how did the American workers do during the
Obama administration which you were a part of!
When you become President then you can pick the ones you like, till then stop being a nasty divider.
And,what's the history behind Elizabeth? Scary
Not surprising, they are like Price, Pruitt, Keebler Sessions, DeVos, Gorsuch these are anti gov't, anti American values, and Democracy.
You have turned your back on hardworking taxpayers by supporting lawless DACA. Sad. Go back to one class at Harvard at $300M+.
Just like the Democratic party. Well if you are a US citizen anyway??

Like killary and obama turned their backs on Ambassador Stevens and the other 3 Americans they left in Ben Ghazi?
Warren get your facts together Lier backstabbing senator Mark ohio
And all the GOP voted for them.
You and your blind brain dead supporters are beyond belief so pathetic on the upside you will pay 
and you have a history of lying about everything, lets see your DNA results, lets see some legislation for tax reform #TermLimits
The democrats including you have a history of ficking over the hard working taxpayers of this country, don't go away mad just go away
It will not happen. #stopnegativity
He hasn't made one pick you haven't bitched about and  they go thru. #roycoopersucks #youneedanewjob your pathetic is showing @RonUrbanski
You and Congress has turned your back on American's 8 yrs ago. Time to clean the swamp out.
Of course they do. All of his picks are opposite thinkers and picked just for their attacks on those regs. Putin puppets like trump? Likely
Kiss my ass! Dem have a history taking our jobs, selling US Mfg overseas, creating recession... Trump creates jobs!
YOU have a history of turning your back on America!
You have a history of claiming that you are a native American because of high cheekbones. Go make some powwow chow.
fake news
Why would you expect the trump to nominate anyone who cared about working people?
Respectfully, Sen Warren - where are Hillary Clinton & Barack Obama today? Maybe I missed something. Have they turned away from Labor too?

To be expected.  That is the Dumpster's NO.
More Whippy whining.  Is that all you have to offer negative Nancy. How about some new Ideas to help America with tax relief. I'm fed up!
No surprises here!
You are a sad excuse for a woman and senator. You only look out for your bottom line and wallet. But it is for a good laugh after you talk.
DEMO TURN THEIR BACKS-I'VE WROTE TO WH-2 OBAMA-SENT A PICTURE--TIRED OF THE SUFFERING-FROM YOUR FDA & BADDRUGS & YOU TAKE $$$$FROM COMPANYS!
politics is the cancer of society. Wake up.
The way u talk about sitting Potus hurts our country. So hope your happy
What have u done for working ppl? Be specific cause I truly don't know
No surprise he has turned his back right after election day
#voteherout
How much of the illegal Slush Fund have u received in the last 8yrs Trillions,Millions ? Terrorist Controlled Government
This doesn't mean anything to people who have had backs turned to them for decades or even generations
That's intentional.
I expect nothing better from DJT.
@dantherriault Why so-called leaders of Democratic Party complain about 45th nominees. Ofcourse 45th will nominate those with his views.
what's new?# Firetwuck!
So you have something in common with them.
U would think those chosen by Trump would be ashamed to accept, we have seen he picks very worst 4 each position.

For decades congress hasn't done the job the American people elected them to do.that's y trump won election- career polititions.
Shocking Elizabeth, said no one ever. 
And not take responsibility for your own actions!! Congress needs to fix it's own problems and then worry about the White House!
Screw up instead you want to cover it up!
No that was the Democrats who never brought the jobs they promised to the inner cities and cities of industry
Beat each other up in the media between the White House and Congress and point fingers at the president but never at each other when ya'll,
It's a Holliday give us a break. Stop with all the lies lies lies.
Go play with your Indian friends or something
Why should I believe any you ,what you write??? I am just one of thousands of people who fill this way.! Another thing y'all want to,

Congress as a whole not Democrats or Republicans, independent s,and liberal s but everyone of you!!!
Show us your facts. You always talk A LOT of crap but never back it up. Guess it's like being and indian... lies lies lies
The people in it. Ya'll make speeches and promise doing election years and then you do not follow through with them.! That includes you&,
Which in Trump's mind makes them the perfect candidates.
Gain! I have done my home work lady! So I know what I am talking about! You and the rest of Congress does not give a damn about America or
TURNING YOUR BACK. You voted NO to audit the FED! $9 TRILLION stolen from the American people. You want it kept secret. SHAME ON YOU! SWAMP!
And use the media to y'all s advantage! Prove it to me and rest of America that you care more about people than ya'll s own personal gain,
Years now! All Congress,Clinton,&Obama has done is ignore the American people and make your own selves richer !
Why should I believe you or anyone in Congress when y'all have done nothing but ignore the voice of the American people for the last 24+,
Surprise surprise surprise!
True!!!
So have you #Backtoworksenator
Shoot them down. It's time to stop Trump cronyism at the expense of the American people.
As do the democrats. Remember the pledge to support the EFCA? Broke that pledge before inauguration! Trade agmts that you voted for??
shocking
How
You have been turning your back all your career!! Except during elections! Oh that right elections are coming!!!!!
Let me guess, you're pledging to keep resisting?
You liar- you no Indian! You SICK! Resign!
Unfortunately so have the Dems in the past few decades. NEITHER party represents the workers, the PPL! #PeoplesPartyNow #SmashTheDuopoly
And are kids will have to pay the 20 billion dollar deficit 
Give business person a chance to pay down our debt
We can't keep spending
Like the rest of his unfit, inexperienced & kleptomaniac cabinet.
HOW?
Everyone that Trump@appoints to office is going to harm us. They are alt right  fundamentalists that don't believe in science
Trump is still executing Bannon's disassembly of government institutions plan. Steve's fingerprints are all over many Trump actions. #Puppet
And u & schumer are screwing us all for personal revenge but ur going down!
And so do you Pocahontas.
Then block them use every procedural move available to do so. There has to be one GOP Senator that will do same. Block Trump's nominees.
Welcome to serve Amer in Congress. She heard, she used it,Crook didn't go through correctional.Can't be tr on driver seat #WorkersStrikeBack
Has he done anything since inauguration that does NOT "sow discord and disunity" or otherwise undermine US?
So with Trump, everyday is opposite day. Pick people who believe the opposite of what the mission statement is for these dept. and boards.
Yeah so did @TomPerez . Not one lawyer for employee that had $20,000 in wages stolen.
(as opposed to democrats, who are obviously all about the working class)
BLACK PEOPLE CHECK SAY INSUFFICIENT FUNDS UNDER DEMOCRATS turning THEIR BACK on my BLACK American born in America the mud children
And your history is based on lies and no evidence of any truth
2 more nominees in this administration that have history AGAINST the industry they're going to lead ... Let me put my "SHOCKED" face back on
They'll fit in quite nicely with Congess and the rest of Washington, D.C.
So....just like you and the entire #DisgustingCheating Democratic Party....go away Lizzy you've done enough damage being their #LapDog #MAGA
Same can be said for his picks for: NASA, Attorney General, Treasury, Education, Energy, VP. Layers upon layers of...distractions.
Please work with your colleague @SenFeinstein to make her understand she should vote against confirming these bozos. She's challenged... 
Why is it you and your Dems. want to cry all the time but not do anything ,Trump is potus not Hillary get over it I was a Demo till now
Can you make a statement why you didn't endorse Bernie please?
Of course they do. Makes sense in trumpworld where the rich want to screw the working class, the enviIr., women, brown and black ppl LGBTQ
Working people are poor people in Massachusetts
How much does Soros pay you? 
Have you ever seen the rings of uranus? Because you cannot be from earth. #Nutjob! #MAGA!
You have opposed everything Trump has tried doing. I am surprised in this case either. You need to wake up and do something for AMERICANS.
Support TRUMP DNC hack it's REAL
Not surprised. Everything is a disaster. 
#trump #legacyofdisgrace
Shriek for us in solidarity from your safe space.
Do you do anything other than bitch about trump? Try doing YOUR job. #VoteThemOut
Shot up!
With heroin! Yay!
Define 'working people'? Pretty sure recent 'working people' have voted for NLRB and against unions. Your time is over!
So WTF Linda a FREAKING TERRORIST
After 8 LONG years-the countries numbers got "worse".  Explain?
But their working so.....
Just like how you say you'll stand up to Wall St. and then you take their money. Enough hypocrisy Pocahontas I'm tired of it #bettyexposes
What's your history again?
You could say everyone's father I was hardworking.   Not having a liscense to practice law in Ma while at gabardine?
Dayum
