And they should be required to reimburse EVERY consumer affected by their incompetence with security!
It's called a class action lawsuit not more government oversight
Class-action lawsuits only make lawyers money.
not true - claimants get 65 % with no risk.
That's not necessarily true: the Target class-action result of $10 million resulted in lawyers’ fees totalling $6.75 million. For example.
It was $18.75 million for customers in 47 states plus customers that do not want to be part of class action can sue on their own
As someone who's been part of a class-action lawsuit, $187.13 is nothing compared to the nearly $17,000 I was defrauded because a company sold my information and the buyer committed fraud with it. And the company gets to reach a settlement, all while claiming no responsibility.
You got the wrong Attorney. The right guy is in Newport News Va. Check out 60 minute story in equifax several years ago.
See Venezuela - great example of too much government control
As a victim of identity theft I don't entirely agree with u. Regulations should be as simple as holding equifax or any creditor financially responsible for a breach. A class action lawsuit won't bring victims justice or closure when they have to spend years fixing credit issues
Bad Attorney
Go to Europe Pocahontas
You are so inspiring! It feels so great to see wome like you stand up for people's rights! Thank yiu for your hardwork
learn to spell and you won't have to rely on her
Can we get some realistic forgiveness for student loans. Graduates should not be punished by their banks for simply wanting to go to college
Amen!
How the hell did they EVER get so powerful? They can ruin your chances of job,house car!!!WTH?
Agreed. And I don't think a class-action settlement is the fix. We get pennies for their mistake. They keep getting bigger & richer. Then another breach. How's that fair?
You talking about Congress again?
The last time I  looked, Congress works for us, not to fill their pockets w/ bribes at our expense.
Government is blatantly toxic & indifferent and we all suffer when our politicians are greedy and dishonest.
Then stop talking and do something.  All you do is talk.
Seriously? I hope you're never the victim of identity theft, where a credit reporting agency sells your information and a buyer uses it to commit fraud. And they pay u pennies in a class action settlement while leaving u with thousands in debt & ruined credit. And they get richer
When business break the rules they are heavily fined The gov. makes lots of money and back to business as usual. We receive no protection.
@Equifax wants me to pay $$$ for 'DARK WEB' protection AFTER they let my info out the back door... How is that right?
Thanks Ms. Warren for all your good work on customer and business relations. We need to take control and not allow businesses to dictate us.
Our government does not protect us from businesses, big or small. The gov. Imposes lots of rules and regulations on them.
Broken industry by the liberal media
Amen brotha
This is such a great idea to give us consumers, especially those of us who have been victims of identity theft, control over who sees our credit report data. Thank you @SenWarren!!!
Please change the laws that make credit monitoring companies so powerful. Thanks
Agreed.
These companies should be shuttered/all assests distributed to the American people:CreditRepCo's violate privacy of papers. #4thAmmendment
Agreed. I don't get why class-action lawsuit settlements allow them to take no responsibility. They divide a small settlement amongst millions affected, which amounts to $200 each person, even if each person had $10,000 in identity theft caused by these companies. Not justice.
Oh my! I just agreed with you on something. Keep up the good work. You'll soon be on the "right" side. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
#GOPliesAreAMentalDisorder
Liar! I’m very happy with credit rating system. I worked hard, paid my bills and earned every great point I have @realDonaldTrump
I've made some bad decisions in the past. I admit that. Our culture acts like having bad credit means you're a bad person, though.
Actually, having bad credit means you made poor financial decisions that financial institutions can't take a risk on. If your bad credit was the fault of credit reporting agencies (i.e. breaches), they should be financially liable fully to fix your credit. There's a difference.
Haha...and you campaigned for Hillary ...what a hypocrite ...
Link on Equifax's site - how much it costs to lift a credit freeze goes to a 404 page. https://help.equifax.com/s/article/How-do-I-temporarily-lift-a-security-freeze-on-my-file-for-a-creditor … The costs could adds up fast.

, conservatives think we should still be in Vietnam,  liberals got us out of there

Typical troll account using memes to communicate.
I’m impersonating a fairy tale figure, actually.
Wtf point are you trying to make. Are you offended I called out a troll account?
Evil men will always prevail when good men are cowards. That seems to be the case in DC.
Equifax is just another con perpetrated on the American people. Their execs should go to jail for insider trading/fraud.
So is Elizabeth Warren suggesting banks should give us credit without a credit report, or that we should write that report ourselves?
OMG I actually agree with @SenWarren
We need to take back the House and Senate and then NOT take it for granted and do some good for ALL the people. Democrats forget to often!
 you need to reform your broken mind and principles
We want free wampum !
They should be out of business.  Period.
Why would anybody buy the idea that the gov't is the solution to anything? Not only do free market solutions work better,  No gun  required.
Please do!
Yet she does nothing or cares not for the homeless. Not unusual.
best
Here's a thought... how about giving consumers back control of their personal finances instead... #taxcuts
Shut up pocahontas!
Since you hate industry and corporations so much, why do you support bailouts of Big Insurance Companies? #Hypocrite #Obamacare




Yes it's our private information and we have no say it's ridiculous
Start by throwing them in jail! What they are doing it's a crime & operating no different than the mafia
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_politics/2017/10/black_leaders_irked_with_liz_warren … #TRUMP PRESIDENT
Where's my opt out? I don't want them having access to ANY of my information. #Untrustworthy
Yeah. They need to quit spying on my credit status
Bobble head and fake Indian on her way out of MA.
Elizabeth is everything in America broken? Stop the attacks and make positive suggestions to fix it.
Oh, the Wells Fargo bandits are comin' down the street, I wish and hope they don't rob me!
Government has screwed the People in so many ways and it just keeps getting worse.
'Yeah, we'll make this right.'  ('Triple the funding to our lobbying department Jim.')
Time to get rid of the 3 credit agency's they have screw up millions of people lived over the years. They are in safe.
wrong fight again! fed is the fking problem! SEC is!
Kind of like you and your constituents.
Hey Warren how about fixing some of the programs you screwed up like healthcare if you focused on your mistakes world will be better
When you see Warren or sanders running their mouths you can bet they want to raise our taxes to fight for something that will cure itself sooner than they can wasting your money
We don't need big government fixing private industry we seen what you did for Healthcare lmao consumers will cure any problems
Government Knows Best.... #libloon
I wish you said that about the media #FAKENEWS
I know, I know. Keep talking up the pay gap, white privelege,  patriarchy,  BLM. If we can divide them then feminists might get socialism.
Thank you Senator for using logic in an increasingly chaotic and corrupt country determined to leave ordinary citizens tossed and broken.
She still an idiot
HOW. That means hello as you should already know
YES! Please Reform And Heavily Regulate The Credit Bureaus!!
#TimeForChange. @SenWarren would be a great @POTUS
, consumers should decide when their data is shared with bureaus i.e. when they want to borrow and then not stored/sold by bureaus
And you're waiting for what, exactly?
Want to hear the most annoying sound in the world? Then watch this video
Pocahontas at it again....all politics; no substance. Love seeing her lead the Dems into never never land
The credibility of reporters need reforming?  Couldn’t agree with u more.
Lizzy you helped CREATE this horse shit credit industry in the first place! You dam hypocrite!
We need to reform the Senate have not have done anything but vacationing and warming the Senate seats in between the vacation time.
Need to reform you squaw!
What have you "fixed" that hasn't been a disaster?
Do you ever think the gov should leave anything alone? Is it because you think you know all or that we can't defend ourselves...go away!!!
What do you really know about the credit reporting industry anyway
A system that allows A white old lady claiming to be Native American so that she gets special treatment is DEFINITELY broken system.
Can I get an Amen?
God, this man (DT) has NO class... Elizabeth PLEASE help us!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Before we do that, let’s reform Congress

No one wants to listen to crooked Democrats.

Do you think the credit reporting industry approves of known liars remaining in the Senate? I don't think so. Here is a picture of one.
Keep fighting @SenWarren!
Amen! Tired of them creating their own rules and allowing fraud to rampantly destroy lives.

Do something anything just earn your pay.
I look forward to your suggestions. Right to privacy. Responsibility for the security of personal information re: HIIPA. An industry inextricably bound to the world economy. CyberCrime. CyberSecurity. What a tangled web we weave.
So by “we” you mean...?
Problem: too many chiefs, not enough Indians. #FakeIndian #Fauxcahontas
YES!
And to think they wouldn't let me into Harvard! I guess being English and Irish doesn't count!
I speak Mandarin but oddly not much luck in Taipei! Very good luck with my fat wallet in Miami though! Lol
Please buy yourself a new blazer.
How many times can you wear the same one.
keep the education videos and everything you can do to educate. Average American has little time to really understand . Ty!
Start with closing Equifax and indictment
Oh now.    Socialism     everyone equal  credit
Loaners Send them your info!!!!  They tattle tail on you!!
I want 1% for every day from each contract they have that accesses their DB. I want 2% of that for everyday their DB isnt patched to current release. This is with %5 on backpay interest on the total that is calc DAILY with compound int every 30.1 days!
Why do I feel dirty for watching it?
Thank you for working for us, Senator! This isn't discussed in the media nearly enough
Who is forcing you to take on credit card debt? Who is forcing you to be irresponsible and not pay your bills?
How staged is this?
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. Warren allows  Foreclosure scam. #LockHerUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … … … … …
Bot block.
The big question is how when there are so many abandoned factories across this country that have not be used in over 30 or 40 years.
Warren is a outstanding  senator who works day in &out who fights for the evertday working class people. Thank you & keep up the fight LUV u
Please do it

Thanks, fake indian -
BLAH BLAH - please do a rain dance or something.
Start by endorsing their cash cow HRC again!
, conservatives think we should still be in Vietnam, liberals got us out of there. Wayne
I say shut these parasites down. All of them.
So, should we, the product,  or the vendor, the Credit Agencies, be regulated? Certainly someone will eventually raise that question...
Pandering to the poor again
You go Elizabeth.  You're one of the few we can trust
This one is aspiring for hollywood ....and Pelosi is rejected ...hahaha
What is this ...drama channel ????
Either they are accurately reporting your credit history, or they are inaccurately reporting your history... Customer status is irrelevant.
Elizabeth, FOCUS. Tax Reform. #Backtoworksenator
Selling my data ...well that explains the 5-6 pieces of junk mail a day from "lenders" offering me "cheap" loans/credit cards Recycling pile
Should the government run it? Like they run healthcare? The post office? Look how well gov managed the housing industry leading up to 2008
To you DemoRats we are just pawns on your drive to turn this country into a one Party Fascist State.
My credit rating is a product of my financial responsibility.  Nothing else.
I am not a product of some credit bureau, you socialist hack
At last, Invest and control your info from companies that sell it to third parties and more. Check this out.
http://datchat.com/offering6/ 
PLEASE EXPLAIN HOW, THEY'RE ASKING x 776% RATES. usury IS A CRIME 
Blue Trust Loans
info@bluetrustloans.com
http://www.bluetrustloans.com 
That's because in general ppl are not customers of credit reporting agencies, lenders are their main customers.
You could say the same for health insurance
Amazing yes people need control of their own information. Taking you for your hard work
WHY DOES THIS HAPPEN?
what can we do as consumers to stop this abuse of our personal information? I have paid for the freezes but it will not stop there!
Amen. I didn't sign up for this bullshit.
Every time you Dems "reform" something, it's another dollar out of my pocket and somehow an increase in welfare.  Please go away Pocahontas.
Who gave these now 4 companies permission to have all my info? Who’s regulating them? Why would IRS pay Equifax to protect info?! Get real!
Please help us Elizabeth
So pass a law instead of talking about it.
Besides talking... what does she got?
When she says "reform" I hear "control".
How did it get so twisted? Greed!!!
To the trucking industry. Drivers aren't slaves or robots. Tell them there's free men and women here. #eldorme
2020, Ms. Warren. The people are counting on you.
How about a DNA Report Lieawatha
Start with yourself!
YES!

I think you are a embarrassment and wrong on every issue. I agree with your statement. Credit Bureaus are a cartel
Please make sure a heart fibulator is on standby when someone tells Elizabeth Warren about #Google and #Facebook.
That and healthcare, Liz. We're the pawns of health insurance corporations too. Lead on!
a loan request from a website that said "let the lender compete for your business" suddenly my rate has fallen to 732 because of inquiries
So they are selling you a product where they offer you to check your credit, then each company gets permission to check your credit and then
Yeah yeah yeah
TY 4 THIS! I have yet to meet any1 w/ my name, but time & again, I have found things put on my report that are NOT EVEN MINE. Ridiculous!
You’re the Ranking Member Senator- why don’t you do your job?! You constantly tweet and write books - why not do your job and fix something.
Please do. I just experienced how crooked they are. I wanted to refinance and my credit score was 769, but in two days after I submitted
Put very strict privacy rules in place. They must stop selling private data.
Why didn't you work on this when you had a majority?
We are products? Is that how you look at us as a politician as well? Yeah. I thought so.
Wow. She sounds sane and I actually agree with her...what is the catch?
Ahh.  That last line is the catch. She wants to control and regulate them not just hold them accountable.
Pocahontas speak with forked tongue!
Finally something I can agree with this evil woman about.
We need soma this over here too 
Fat chance though from our politicians and regulators 
Pocahontas
How about we fix the issues with the wild fires in the country, the student debt and education systems first. Then you can talk about CFPB.
"We need to reform" translates to "they need to step up contributions..."
Let me guess. Credit is a basic human right. Everyone should get loans and credit whether they qualify or not.
o god. brace for more government interference. thats what we need in this country.

Yeah yeah. Will get to that later...
I Iove how whoever modified this silly "report card" couldn't even be bothered to put "Exceptional!!" in italics.
But no worries. At least some old guy named "beebo " will buy it!
This is what it looks like to work for America! Not in front of the camera pushing your own agenda. Thank you Sen Warren!
First of All , we each deserve at least +75 points to our scores for having to deal with this BS!
