As horrendous as it is . We still MUST vet these refugees for our own safety! Our PRES is trying to keep us safe!  What's wrong w you?
Our vetting is the strictest in the world and Trump has proposed zero changes. Grandstanding does nothing to keep us safe.
and the extreme vetting is just veiled prejudice and not addressing real issues
We should just allow these A'holes in & when they rape & murder our women & children have military there 2 euthanize these barbaric men.
Whites used to say the same things about blacks #History
The problem is not skin color. The problem is beliefs. Still waiting on moderate Muslims to stand up against terrorism....................
They do all the time. Google it.
Google it?  Google what?  Please post a news clip..... If you can find one.

You sir, are a sick individual. This is what our @POTUS is trying to STOP! He didn't HAVE to run for office to be berated by dips!

You are HYSTERICAL!  And Obama NEVER lied?  He was honest? LOL  Get outta here.  I hate to block ppl, but honestly, you're almost there.

Nope.  Obama was! And I have a feeling he'll hold that title for quite a bit longer than our lifetime. LOL

Not "Triggering" me.  Keep going. LOL.
They don't want to come here. They want help with safe zones and staying home. Who wants to be a refugee? They want Al-Assad removed .
The ones that do want in are the ones that want to dismantle our country from within. 1991 Muslim Brotherhood wrote their plan to do so.
children gassed at the hands of Assads regime aren't the muslim brotherhood, diversify your news
Referring to the hoards of male "refugees" trying to enter the US. Not the ones doing the gassing. Not many women/kids begging to come here
Too many from that region are willing to hurt us. Look at Germany. Sweden. Hell even London. They are let in and destroy cities as thanks.
All of them should be fighting for their own lands instead of giving up and running away to destroy ours with their locust like influx
that was the most ignorant comment I've seen today. you talk a big game champ
how many refugees are you willing to house up there on that high horse of yours ?
Your press have given him the adoration of the Magi - I think your nation, like ours, loves a bit of war.
vote full Republican in 2018, maybe then Democrats will listen to more people than liberals.
You mean, like Putin?
This is a battle of influence. Before you demonize the right, you should influence us to change our minds or we will vote again.
Rather than U demonizing the LEFT, how about YOU work with us? WE, too will VOTE AGAIN & WE've got the GREATEST  MOTIVATION: DONALD TRUMP
You think the right rebeled SJW/left/Democrat for no reason? Ok, I will work with you without consideration of myself.
I repeat: WE have the greatest incentive to vote. It's that Orange Clown in the WH.
repeat all you like, wont change both of our future votes. Keep attacking our side, shoot our senators, burn down stuff, etc.

EW you are 'out of your mind these people ?don't want to come here they want to ?go to their own homes.U FOOL!
Yeah because letting them enter would stop Assad from his crimes! Cloud cuckoo land 
They want to stay in their own country. You want refugees so you can gain their vote. You and your liberal friends never cared before.#TRUMP
Glad you aren't and never will be president.....
No war Let's help refugees!
Make safe zones in Syria so they can stay in their own country.
If   Dems had dealt with Syria on Obama's watch, there'd be no refugees. They want their country back #SafeZones
Help them regain their land, their home. You should try listening to Syrian people. Start here #SyriaStrikes 
Syrians want 2 stay in #Syria we don't want to be #Refugees @POTUS plz help us, we need safe zones, we need #Assad & #ISIS out of Syria
Safe zones
It can be very rewarding, as a Canadian I'm so dam proud
And as an American, I'm so damn proud, too. Love my president and this awesome country he is  looking out for.
Right.. and he talks about pu&@y and he's a racist and doesn't pay taxes and he stole the election w/help from Putin--- blah, blah, blah.
Are there openings on the reservation??
E Warren, ave you seen the CNN interview w/ the Syrian?  Straight up called your party out as a bunch of "Hypocrites".
If you want to help- STOP IGNORING THE TIES TO RUSSIA - START CHARGING PPL IN HIS ADMIN FOR FALSIFIED DISCLOSURES 
Why Donald Trump has 10 percent interest in Tomahawk Missiles
President Trump is putting Americans first maybe you should try doing that too
First in the hearts of millionaires and billionaires.
All you have to do is look at Europe. It's a complete disaster. No one will ever stop the Sunni / Shiite 1200 yr old war. They're bonkers.
When you invite them here, it's a ticking time bomb before the same chaos occurs in the US. It's why other nations wont take refugees.
No actually he should do just what he's doing stop the war in Syria and give the Syrians a chance to live in their own country in peace.
wow!  There you go!
So negative. What have you done in all your years in the senate? Get behind extreme vetting, then let them in
Trump has no ideology except Trump. He never thought he'd win, he doesn't want the job, & just sticking with it to enrich himself & his kids
It's all a facade. Trump had no change of heart. He's a  fraud and conman. Now back to the Trump/ Russia investigation.
I understand & this is a horrible situation, but can we focus on the treason thing before getting POTUS to make more decisions for the U.S.
Amen to that. Trump is diverting us, but not cleverly. We get it.

They were just mad at Hillary. Didn't think about electing someone who doesn't have a clue from one day to the next.
Hi
He doesn't care. Hes diverting attention from his Russian ties.
Those Russian ties nobodies found any evidence of, been screaming about the Russia for months not a bit of evidence tying Trump to Russia.
Check latest FBI reports. Soon they will consolidate ther findings. Boo Hook Trump!
Only people up to know good was the Obama administration, Susan Rice unmasking law abiding citizens, Obama using the IRS Nefariously.
Trumps's cronies  are hardly law abiding.
Why?? You're the Indian Giver!!
@LilMsgss @realDonaldTrump obviously he's only moved by kids harmed by  chemicals weapons. The others don't matter.
And barrel bombs
Trump is an opportunistic lying psychopath 
11 Children Killed in Syrian Barrel Bomb Attack 
=>
he's so stupid/ignorant 2Syrian timeline. I hv no doubt he's not read one page of research
What makes you think they want to come here?
did anyone watch that Syrian gas survivor on CNN? He said they don't want to come to the US.
I saw it! I agree we should help them remain in their country and help rebuild.  A FB friend of mine commented that he was not Syrian 
Why would they want to come here, look at the crooked, traitorous leadership we have? @POTUS @GOP
They don't care about our corrupted government, they care about their Homeland. Also, demonizing will only fuel fires.
It's not demonizing if it's true now is it?
If the GOP is accountable to ruining environment, pushing religion, fascism, then when can the left be accountable too?
Thank you for saying what I've been saying since I first heard about his latest attempt to take away from Russia ties
#FakeIndian speak with forked tongue from #Cambridge tepee to hear her own voice. #MAGA #MApoli #AmericaFirst #MuslimBan #BuildTheWall
How can you justify taking children from Syria at the same time you voted 4 killing American babies with abortion.@MariaBartiromo @LouDobbs
No mam. You should start working as hard to protect the people are citizens in this country as you do the people you want to blindly accept
Yes he should because don't think that intelligence sources don't know who is coming in
Please do the job we pay you for and shutup about your personal issues against Potus& Administration you useless waste of our Tax $$$
How you can find it reasonable for the US, UK & EU to absorb millions of Middle Eastern refugees? These people need to find safety in place.
No....people want to feel and be safe in their own homes.
Pres Trump know what he is doing.We don't expect u socialist 2 get it. So u need 2 listen maybe u, Croocked Hillary, BO, & Soroce will learn
U and  schmuck Schumer should resign you're ruining the Democratic Party. you both act like 4 year olds.
You have lost touch with the people of this nation.. we can no longer support large numbers of refugees, we must care for our own!
Also if he really cared (he doesn't) he'd spend all the millions wasted on Tomahawk missiles on humanitarian aid in Syria. #aidnotfakebombs
ISIS should have been WASWAS 3 years ago before they took root , 3 A-10's 3 days , and we would not be talking about them now ,
If you had a grasp...how many teachers do we have that speak both arabic and english to educate these children?
Are you willing to let them live with you?? Maybe next door to you?? I doubt it.
.No unlimited immigration from the Middle East. Xenophobia is not what is happening. It is intentional CLASH OF CIVILIZATIONS by big bro.
If @SenWarren wants to really help the women's cause, maybe she would have equal pay for women on her staff!  Do something besides talk!
No - there are 22 million Syrians - we cannot help them all unless it's on their soil. America first, #chicago #flint #nychomeless
Even if the war stopped tomorrow, what will living conditions be? Will India be the next drought disaster?
Excatly & to cut all the  programs & waste tax money on his mar a lago Vac that $ would have paid these 45/cab need to get out of our WH
He doesn't want them here, gets mad when they're gassed, then bombs them killing more.. sounds like Trump did a great job in Syria
Every life counts!!!! 
I think that President Trump was right to bomb the airfield, but he and Congress need to do more, like set up safety zones.
Why does his action feel and sound like "Wag the dog"
Calling BS on the whole Trump administration. I think it a distraction from the issues
Lock him up!!
Will you let them stay with you?
Ask him why the letter from the 7 yr old Syrian girl did not move him in January to take action.
AMEN!
Hahahaha!
Hey Pocahontas
Keep them over there we don't need these kids here
Lizzy, you're like a sore that just keeps oozing pus.
Same mentality that prioritizes unborn "children" over those already born & trying to live their lives
No way to relocate an entire region worth of refugees to the US. Why not make their country safe for them as many have said they prefer?
It appears the POTUS has a lower tolerance for the murder of children than Libs . What did you do to stop the murder of children for 8 yrs?
We don't need more refugees that don't want to be here safe zones in their own country would be best
Or make their country safe so they don't have to flee
Open up your spare room and take them in.
Perhaps discuss his profits from Raytheon for the stock boost they received once he launched missiles.
this boggled my mind. images of kids dying from bomb blasts wasn't enough to stir his heart to let refugees in...
Been amazing letting refugees into Europe! They love it, terrorist attacks weekly. They take over entire neighborhoods & impose sharia law!
Why are you not at the fair? Eating corn through a fence.
Over 27000 women and children killed in Syria under Obama, so how compassionate has @SenWarren been? Trump took action , you didn't !!
well said!!!
You know donnie doesn't care. The bomb we dropped in Mosul killed more people and probably more babies. Trump didn't even apologize to them.
Let alone the fact there are like 5 million refugees. How many do your propose we let in.
You're nuts, lady. How about this:  you go to Syria plead for peace?
If only he had true feelings. There's only one person he cares about. He's a malignant narcissist!
And triple the humanitarian relief to the hundreds if thousands in tents in Jordan and pay for teachers so the 9 y.o. kids don't join ISIS
WHY would the Syrians want to come here? They have much better options in many European countries. And they are respected as human beings.
It's because he's out golfing!
You won't even take care of the people you have. Why do you want more here so you could skim off the top of food stamps
@DanScavino WTH were these pleas yrs ago~ oh let's use children to Alinsky tactic 4 T45... Pathetic
Obama was so helpful wasn't he.
He went to congress, congress said NO, TRUMPUTIN did his own thing! Read the history book, or watch a real channel not fox!
If your so concerned about the refugees let them move in with you, until then keep quiet
So tired of hearing your lies.  I am $ to Rep Diehl and I am not even in your state. BTW, how about equal wages for the women on your staff
Ur constant hatred, negativity& resistance is boring at this point. Try a new strategy to get someone on board
Give your head a shake. Your @POTUS is protecting your country!
You're delusional. It wouldn't be the children running for our borders. Why don't you actually spend time in the ME. #doseofreality
How many rooms in ur house . Will u be offering to house  these people. I am sure u r going to lead by example.
instead of spending $100mn on a PR stunt that did nothing to stop Syria/Russia killing of civilians
No brainer for a guy who seemingly has no brain.
##Dear Liz:  what's your address? He'll send some right over.
What an absolutely stupid thing to say. The best way for us to "help Syrians" is for us to wipe out their force, which would take 2 days max
Wrong. They don't want to leave their homeland, risk their lives traveling 1000s of miles to strange land. They want their own country fixed
Wrong
Why don't you take a few dozen Syrian refugees into your mansion Warren?
Funny thing is, most of the pictures of refugees, that I've seen, were adult men. No families. How many do you have at your house?
Can they be housed on your property? You have more $$ than single taxpayers to support them. If u want them, keep them under your guard.
US CONTROLLED #syria W. #ALLIES!+U get rid of #ChemicalWeapons! CAN'T trust #putin! +LET THE REFUGEES IN NOW!!! #ChildrenUnderAttack #babies
@SenWarren better idea why don't you bring them to your home and you pay for all their needs.
How many are you personally taking into your home and providing for personally? 20? 30? Speak up! We cant hear you!
I'm sure she lives in a gated community that none of us can enter.
Love it!
Stop all immigration until solid policy in place that all follow and keeps all Americans safe!Extreme vetting a must!No papers no entrance
Not his bombing of them? Geezus christ! He killed civilians!
.@SenWarren @realDonaldTrump And you should stop the innocent killing of children everyday. #hypocrite #stopabortion
Syrians don't want to leave their homeland for US. They want the brutal dictator and his thugs gone.
You should talk. You wouldn't even meet with me to discuss the disappearance of my friend, American teacher missing in Egypt. Shameful!
No he shouldn't
His Syria bombing is like his charity donation. A lot of show, little substance and the priority is always to help himself first.
Why doesn't she respect the #Syrians wishes to remain in their own country, #safezones #RefugeeCrisis
How many you want in your gated white neighborhood?
Why don't we just bring the entire Middle East here? We can accelerate our own destruction
Why not have safe spaces in their own country or ask other ME nations to take them in. Problem is they don't want terrorist either. Stupid!!
So no outrage against the liar Susan Rice who guaranteed us her &BFF Obama destroyed all of the chemical weapons held by Assad? Interesting
The USA has a 2 party system.  Democrats & Hypocrites.  Don't expect Hypocrites to change direction.
How about American children's safety? Are you worried about our children??
America can setup a Syrian Bed And Breakfast at GITMO for $100k per Refugee per year excluding travel cost.
Leader of the FEMALE MEN HATERS club
Syria, the refugee crisis around the world & Russia's now stronghold in the Middle East is the work of one feckless so called leader, Obama
Then change the laws
Remember who we are dealing with heartless irresponsible evil monster with no soul
We cannot open our doors to everyone! We need to take care of Americans and teach them to take care of themselves
I know you have good intentions Senator. However, I don't think (I may be wrong) the majority of USA wants them.
I also think @DNC needs to drop this ideology of open door policy to refugees/migrants if it hopes to take back senate/House/WH.
Because besides refugee ideology, I think most Americans agree with Dems environmental policies.
Plus stay true to labor unions and universal healthcare. I believe that to be winning strategy.
One more thing. Drop gun control from platform. Would really help Dems take back rural America. End sanctuary cities too.
Invite them to your house. Take care of our inner city poor and veterans first you traitor
Common sense with our a doubt how do u feel sorry but they can't come here to get medical attention so very very sad
If you wanted to help Syrian refugees, you should've helped Bernie win the election xx
and not cheer for war hawk Hillary xx
it's sad that our president tells so many lies. you are so so right @SenWarren thank you for this message
Hmmm, Dull Squaw with forked tongue make much buffalo sh!t fall from her own mouth
you are 1000%correct. Good for you! For standing firm I've got my eye on you
This is,completely unacceptable
Wrong. We can support people in their country.
Safe zones over there is the right way.
No, he should stop the murderers, then there would be no refugees.
No Refugees Americans 1st Veterans 1st Hungry 1st Homeless 1st Elderly 1st please worry about the tax payers 1st Please AMERICANS FIRST
That's what we want next, little kids being used as human bombs. Thanks @SenWarren #dummy
http://linkis.com/thehornnews.com/e2sc5 … read this weap. LIES  LIES COME OUT OF THAT WOMANS MOUTH. THEY DONT WANT 2 COME HERE. THEY DONT WANT 2 BE REFUGEES
Maybe you can answer just one of my questions Senator.
Are you going to break out your checkbook Senator? You can't even pay your own employees fairly!
Syrian people don't need help from america....if you really wanna help syrian people ....fight isis and Alnosra
Awe sweetheart... Hillary forgot to send you the talking points email huh?
Thank you, Senator.
How many are you going to have stay at your house?
Not every person wants to come to America stop with your propaganda
IF ELIZABETH REALLY WANT TO HELP SYRIANS SHE WOULD BE TRYING HARDER TO GET RID OF ISIS & RADICAL ISLAMISTS. BUT THAT WOULD MAKE US ALL SAFE!
If Obama wanted to help them then why did he bomb them 75 times a day for years?
In case you haven't noticed from the example provided by Europe, Islam & western democracies are not compatible. They are mutually exclusive
Nope!!! Keep their asses there. The strike was meant to send a message that chemical weapons shall not be used. You know that. Hate spreader
Syrians don't want to leave. They want it to be safe.  Good job President Trump.
I suppose you are opening your home and forfeiting your next 18 years of wages to pay for these children? I didn't think so. Say goodbye Liz
Exactly,  PERIOD!
That's what YOU want, not what Syrians want. Even your fake CNN buds can't deny it
Why have not impeached him it took only days for Clinton but really impeach this Lunatic or lose my vote warren.
Senator Warren you could give the people of your state and the country as a whole a blessing if you resigned your partisan rear end ASAP.
