The only reason Mrs Warren tweets is that she can't get anyone in congress to read what she is proposing.
#Fuckers U need to protesting murdering
Hillary Clinton
Obama and Hillary Clinton campaign
was WORST
Said the eejit who never created a job. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @CNN = felons
Irony.

@RickCosnett @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @CNN as a middle class former democrat what has POTUS done for us? Downsized 2x w/ no ins
Warren is an idiot!  She should be tarred and feathered, run out of town on a rail  #hypocrisy
Reminder, the legislative branch makes law.
If more people were actually working and not protesting they might actually make MONEY, WORK!
:Obama did nothing to help mid-clas, only rich & poor. You were w/ him all the way!
How exactly is he not standing up for American workers? What "protections" are you referring to?
Trump has already saved & created more jobs than your Kenyan in 8 years of golfing and holidays.
CNN is suggesting murder of Trump and Pense.My suggestion is distance yourself from CNN.
I stand with native Americans and their right to Hughes education. Please submit to a DNA test!
It is clear from watching you at nominee hearings you have an inability to deal with concepts and visions set for this country. NOPE to 2018
Since when is there a winter White House?


and you should do your job instead of complaining about trump. Do us a favor and run in 2020 to give trump second term!
hopefully not like Obama warren polosi did.
Elizabeth Warren — one-time prof paid $400k to teach single class — calls Trump ‘greedy’ 
you are the scourge of the Democratic Party, America better off if you resign.
You're crooked and you're a liar
no one reads cnn or appreciates anything you do.  Just go home and stay home
Rude Warren, impolite to not shake hands w DeVos. U R too big for your Dem britches!
Trump has actually hired people in his company (not govt paid) he does not need your advice
Why don't you focus on finding some class.  What a lack of respect you put on.  http://ln.is/freebeacon.com/polit/virFO …
#NoClassNoRespect

Liz thanks for my daily dose of your insanity. makes me laugh everytime





