@DemocracyValues @SenateMajLdr I can't afford afford copay the last 2 years. how long am I supposed to wait to fix my own life???
Increase your Deductibe to like $5k. Prems will be lower. More $$ for you to pay copays.
@RealDustinLewis @SenateMajLdr It needs to be rewritten to suit everyone's needs not just the rich!
I think it's really called #Trump(doesn't)care
please stop lying MS WARREN. Medicaid is NOT going away, it's going back to states to handle where it belongs.
Mass. Had Romneycare. What could be the problem?
@missb62 @SenateMajLdr 
My father is an arthritic, cancer patient - how am I going to find an affordable plan that covers him?
and @SenateMajLdr live in an #ivorytower! Pass a conservative bill with conservative solutions!  Get the gov't out of our lives
Dr's have Omited Medicaid plus  time give us a PPO instead
My healthy 26 yo pays $3600 per year for a $5000 deductible under Obamacare - that's NOT coverage, it's theft!
You daughter needs a higher Deductible, i.e.15 or 20k. Since she is real healthy now, lower those prems and don't seek med attn
thank Obamacare for that!!!
Olivia sounds like me. Scared and fearful. Never let Paul Ryan say he is pro life again if he passes this bill
I have health care through my husband's employer, my daughter has epilepsy, will she be in the 24million?
please help us Elizabeth
maybe the snow will keep Donald at home! Save some tax payers $,golf in Florida every weekend
Gov shouldn't be deciding who can live or die. Let the individual have that right. Gov has no right to this power
because she totally decided to get a chronic illness out of her own volition...
My wife and I pay $18,000.00 a year with a $5,000.00 deductible, What about Me?
Your wife needs to INCREASE her deductible. Make Ded=15k,lower prem. Same for you! Point is to be INSURED . ..health is it!
Gee Liz.... I couldn't afford OBAMACARE nor can my kids & grandkids Premiums & DEDUCTIBLES too high! #WhatSayYou @SenWarren @SenateMajLdr
Trumps plan is FAR WORSE than the worst features if the Affordable Care Act.
the ACA? You mean Medicaid?
Liz why don't you pay for the bills? You can afford it.
No she won't.  Feel better?
$7000 in premiums, $9000 deductible before it pays. You are lying to Americans . That's $16000 of nothing. Liars.
@MadAlice10_6_2 @SenateMajLdr You should seriously tweet 24 million of these.
If she refuses to get coverage, See we are adults and should have the right to decide if we want healthcare or not. MY BODY MY HEALTHCARE
probably not. We don't want corporate monopolies,why have it with healthcare and education? #CosProject
.@SenWarren .@SenateMajLdr .@SpeakerRyan Give the people the same insurance that Senators get. Trump health care plan is rubbish.
Lost my home after illness, ded. & premiums forced bankruptcy, what about my family?
Senator will you be 1 of the 24 million? That's right you don't have  Obamacare!!!
@GOP doesn't care. They blame poor people for being poor and then go to church on Sunday. #Trumpcare



You are beyond despicable @SenateMajLdr
unfortunately yes........:(
this guy is heartless and a hypocrite. You think he cares?!
could you be more misleading?  How many of the 24 million were forced to buy insurance?
if she claims her Indian heritage coverage is automatic. Help her with the paperwork
Massachusetts won't pay for her bills? This state makes everyone have insurance.
there's only 9 million signed up for Obamacare
Fear mongering Pocahontas. That house you stole for 30k and flipped for 145k means you don't have moral high ground
Remember Pelosi said." WE NEED TO PASS IT BEFORE WE KNOW WHAT'S IN IT" ON OBAMACARE QUOTE UNQUOTE! WHY THE CHANGE?
you really have no shame...you should be embarrassed for yourself!
Paul in N. FL is young/healthy and will voluntarily drop ins. Will he be counted as "loosing his healthcare"?
My mother in-law has cancer and lost her coverage with higher payments under ObamaCrapyCare!
that will be her choice. Let us know.
Continues to share #FakeNews and attempts to scare people.  Well "SHE" scares me.  ACA needs to be repealed @SenateMajLdr
you are lying so much, let them go on MA health,remember all MA ppl have to pay a penalty for not having health Ins
Should we find all the Olivias who needed their doctor and hospital but lost them due to Obamacare?
you are lying Olivia can keep her Obamacare
- Indian woman Warren please tell us the tribe you belong to so we know what arrows to dodge!!!
Not to worry. She'll be dead soon. Wonder if GOP has thought about how they'll get their pay w/no taxpayers?
You don't live in the real world where people have to pay for insurance no matter how bad it is.
she's most likely better than in ur obama scam plan ! Lizzy it's cold out shouldn't u b hibernating
Dumpster ran his campaign on the pro-life BS, so now he doesn't care about who will die who can't afford Ins.
SHE WILL GET TO CHOSE FOR HERSELF NOT SHOVED DOWN her throat & better care
keep fishing Pocahontas! One sad story after another. No one cried for me when I couldn't afford Obamacare!! FRAUD!
@SenSanders Hope you watch @Maddow - @PreetBharara was fired over #DeutscheMoneyLaundering scandal!
Elizabeth in Massachusetts needs mental treatment and electrical shocks to stay barely sane. Will she be? @POTUS
Just because YOU say something Fauxcahontas doesn't mean it's true.  Quit lying.  Quit dividing our country.
#Hedoesntcare
you don't think McConnell cares do you? He is incapable of compassion #soulless
isn't she covered under romneycare?
I suffer from severe nerve damage.All ACA did for me was drain my savings bc it's expensive and high OOP&deductable
why don't you pay her premiums Liz .. open your own purse for something other than buying foreclosures
stop using scar tatics tell th he truth you don't have a clue
I didn't get any help from Obamacare anyway?
What about the 8 million that opted to pay the ACA Penalty...since it was such as great deal...
we can't lose insurance I don't want my husband dead
Wow, still peddling hysteria...I cannot believe a Senator acting like a high school bully...wow...
I'm a breast cancer survivor who NEEDS my ACA insurance. If I get sick again am I to crawl of and die? Jackholes!
my husband is disabled, we used up our savings on insurance, finally got ACA,but will loose it
Elizabeth, you don't give a shit about anyone.....   you need to be put out to pasture!
Warren you have reached your lowest, grow up.
or are you really just concerned with the 500 mill. planned prnthood is going to lose?! DemocRATS love baby killing
then you should have made a better plan initially.
sounds like she needs medical care and not health insurance.
Lying about it already, Elizabeth? #Hyperbole
Who will insure sick people when Aetna and Humana drop out in 2018?
Looks like @SenWarren is still under the impression that ACA actually provides people with healthcare. @SenateMajLdr
She needs to do what Americans have been doing for 250 yrs. Take responsibility for herself and her family.
Excuse me Liz, how about all the sick people who LOST their insurance when you fools passed #ObamaCare!!! @SenWarren @SenateMajLdr
Clearly you believe the answer is "yes".
Tthat if she isn't forced to buy it; she won't.
Why don't you help pay for Olivia since you want the gov't to control our healthcare?
If she has coverage now, all you have to do is pay her premiums for her. You can afford it.
you know dam well the aca is failing so think of a way to fix it!! Stop bitching,!!!
No, And you know it.
she needs Dr's and meds to stay alive not insurance.
Senator Warren leave it to you to start your antics and lies! You Democrats are going down in 2018 because you suck
YES!
you pushed Obama care through and it's failing. You also failed these people with a poor bill!! Get over yourself
Why does she need the ACA?  Why not BXBS guaranteed issue plan?  What about her employer's plan?  At least tell the whole "story"...
is a #FakeSenator (among other things)
Maybe heapem big chief pochahotas can see to it your medicine man is available.  Thats what we get with ACA!
you feel it's right to take from a person that worked for & didn't recieve to pay for the life another didn't earn?
@SpeakerRyan 
Wasn't their goal.
Lining pockets of wealthy, CEOs, and 1% was the goal.
And, no, they don't care,
whatever you say, grandma

my daughter in law has BRCA2 Gene. Expanded medicaid allows her to be tested every 6 months. She is uninsurable.
Why can't the ACA just get tweaked?
Of course she will & the sad thing is tRump & GOP do not care! #tRumpDoesNotCare
@goducks5678 @SenateMajLdr I remember who Price looks like now. The evil Nazi Dr who kills people in all those movies
I pray to god I am in the 24 million. I am a hostage of the ACA and I suspect most in the 24 million are too.
.@SenWarren @SenateMajLdr She needs the ACA like a fish needs a bicycle. #LeftistAntics
if she went all her life not paying for health insurance,got sick then wants HC too bad..her own fault
I have a progressive disease I’ll b gone n thrown off coverage long b4 10yr. out theoretical deduction Thanks Trump
.@SenWarren @SenateMajLdr Not if she buys insurance. If she can't why don't you help support her with your massive wealth?
stop your propaganda
can you outline your health care plan Pocahontas
I lost my insurance when the ACA made it unaffordable.
A Nation of healthy & hopeful people is a strong & vital Nation. You can't treat disease or fill bowls w/ promises.
The Republicans do not care about us middle class citizens they only care about the rich.
probably because Trump dont care about anyone but himself.
you have hom mistaken for democrats
Will you be on the same health care plan as the rest of America?
how many people who lie about being Native American will have healthcare
how bout millions that really don't have Obamacare because of unaffordable premiums any $10,000+ deductibles
probably but she lives in a solid blue state so the GOP doesn't give a crap.
this is the best news for democratic when it come to 2018 I am sorry for anyone that will losses insurance
As every industrialized country already knows - only single-payer guarantees healthcare for all.
She should thank you & the rest of your party for putting her in that position with ObamaCare!
rename it as TrumpDon'tCare
Will I receive the $2500 reduction in my premiums Obama promised? How about my ever increasing deductibles?
Apparently if she just downgrades to a flip phone she'll be right as rain. #Trumpcare @jasoninthehouse
Budgeting is important, just don't dictate to poor what is/isn't necessary
My son takes medication to prevent seizures. Scrambling now to find a replacement if ACA should go away. (He's 21)
use hashtag #RepublicanCare
To all of our government who is left with any dignity Please start the impeachment!
Why NOT make the ins co work for these great breaks, they get? The deficit is gonna get hurt not by this but #LIES
probably and this in unacceptable
Do you Think @SenMajLeader CARES? He Also CHOOSES GREED OVER PPL Th TURTLE NEEDS 2 GO #LYINRYANDEATHCARE 
#RESIST
can take @SpeakerRyan w/him
Block this Sen Warren!
"The republicans want you to die, vote for us, because we care."  Ya'll are just ridiculously fake...  
wah!
Most old medicaid you must be disabled, or poor with children under 19 Nothing for poor single Cuts out many
Would she be able to opt out of her illness? Of course not, so she might be SOL!
39 cent WILL slove her her her her her co mitt, Hell Yes??? This is way bed her her her her. You got Al Mo Ed whore
The only way to let doctors and patients make decisions is to eliminate the insurance companies from the mix.
your rich, you can pay her bills. Redistribute your income for a change.
OBAMA care prevented my friend from crossing state lines for treatment. She died .
now you will have more friends likely to die because they can't afford Trumpcare
No one needs ACA to stay alive.  Our great country treats those with and without healthcare.  You know that.
derp derp choices derp derp counties derp derp GOP GOP
@POTUS can't see it ... he's wearing his new cap
I thought his had an antenna on it
she should eat Trump Steaks. #Trumpcare
why should I be paying for everyone else care when I can’t afford my own?  Obama care sucks
does she need ACA or something better
TrumpDon'tCare health insurance will be bad for 24MG.
