that is a lie.We will fight back against you for lying about Betsy.What for profit you mean charter schools.Schools protect there students
Yeah, teacher's unions and democrat pols NEVER do that!!!!
Thank you!!!
Liberals spew some of the most hateful BS LIES ever.  Get over it, Communism has failed in the US, we don't want it.
Do protect our public schools.  So many are unaware private schools are not bound by standards for teacher accountability and education.
None of these for profit schools should be getting a dime of public money, ever!
Capitalism will work even within the educational system, because capitalism does prey on the failing. Such as the public school system.
Let's reach into schools and universities and FIRE every Marxist Feminist we can, so they can't continue to indoctrinate students.
Quit picking on Jane Sanders.
You fight back we have teen boys in public schools Commom Core a Joke no creative thinking teach to test your brainwashing them!! #GoDevos
F. I.G.H.T.  like hell
Yeah right..it bites into your cut of the teachers union dollars... and it helps get the poor out of your greedy reach..
For profit colleges should be accredited. People should be able to discharge student loans in bankruptcy.
#Hippocrates Every one of these AG reports to Gov. ~10x problem 2008 and 88% non-profit. AG's cut cost back to 2008 levels #policalPiggyBank
Have to keep the power and control with the #Government. #Choice is forbidden by #Leftists unless they say so. #Hypocrites
I was a public school teacher.  YOU ARE WRONG!
" School" her AG !
Yea, keep bad teachers employed! To hell with our kids future! Just support failing schools & substandard education! Hurray!
What research have you done to blame "failing schools" on "bad teachers"? Most problems stem from too many std. tests, little home support.
School choice is a freedom that should be made available to all parents
Yep...BUT not with public tax dollars.  Those $$ should go 2 public free schools equal and open 2 everyone.
So should ppl who want to send their kids to alternative schools, have to still have their tax payer $$ go to public schools?
Yes.  Tax maintain and improve free public service. If CHOICE is not to use free public services why should public taxes be used.
My biggest concern is that the teachers unions are one of the biggest democrat donors and have an invested interest
Help me understand that concern.  As long as teachers educate kids, who cares what they do with their dues $$ taken out their pay check.
And by the way, thank you for sincere ?'s
:) The feeling is absolutely mutual "ConcernedCitizen"!!!  THANK YOU!!

@SenWarren instead of whinning, present a new bill to fix it. Your all talk and no go, REPLACE THE FAKE INDIAN
I'm afraid of getting a better job because of my Student Loan!
Please help us in this cause!
DeVos with NO experience in education other than anti public education plagerised herself but give millions to the GOP & get an imp position
I'm proud of you Maura! Another Massachusetts citizen happy to be with you.
On behalf of teachers with student loans, thank you. We have a current teacher shortage & we need quality minds without the difficult debt.
Not to mention that she is making it easy for religious schools to promote their interests with tax support.Isn't Constitution against that?
Keep up the fight our kids ate worth it !!
Go !!
Hello nice meeting you
IF THIS IS ABOUT STUDENT DEBT GIVE THEM  A 1% INTEREST ON THEIR DEBT !THEY WON'T HAVE ANY REASON TO COMPLAIN,!
Never attended, worked in nor sent her children to public schools. No experience managing a bureaucracy. 
Is this #MakingAmericaGreatAgain ?
Someone needs to stand up for public ed, but as sure as hell isn't Devos. Fight hard, Senator!
kind of hypocritcal of lizzy warren to support this..since she gets paid big bucks from the university she has programs at....
I will. Stop Senators from making $500K for a teaching assignment and then cry that student tuition is high. #draintheswamp #drainMASSSwamp
That's simple contract law 101
Fool , you don't sue the government you sue the schools. You will not get free education
@USEDGOV@WHITEHOUSE@SCOTUS@CIVILRIGHTS@DHSGOV@DEPTOFDEFENSE@MARINES@MASSGOV@TOWNOFEASTON@AMESFREELIBRARY@JFKLIBRARY@LBJLIBRARY@WJCLIBRARY
@EMKINSTITUTE@USUN@UKPARLIMENT@PONTIFEX IM FORCED TO SUFFER A DOCUMENTED LAWLESS PAST CRIMEHISTORY SINCE 1961! ITS JULY 2017!
Just another lie . From lien democrats
Ok butt bott why don't you want every one to go to a good school...whatever comes from you and Pocahontas is diarrhea thus butt bott
Win!
GO Ms. Healey GO!!
Only because you want to keep kids in substandard schools.
Won't be fighting for too long after @va_shiva takes your place
It's funny how in the last 6 months the Libs have stopped using the word "regulations". Now they use "protections". #ScareTactics
Education for Profit will come back to bite Us in The A**!? The USA.  It's What It Is Today Thanks To Education And Immigrants. @MassAgo
Pocahantas is protecting another englishman - again. incompetent educators being protected from termination, she has been bought.
Thanks for fighting for us!!!
Thank you!! Such a travesty to destroy public ed and try to ram her version of so called christian down throats!
Are the 18 AG's all from blue states?????
Predatory for profit schools??You have a problem with the ideology of capitalism?? Did you vote B.S.?
Competition moves economy forward & yields optimal outcome & good reason to live USA. Perhaps you would feel more comfortable in Venezuela.
The destruction is aimed at all things good and I'm loathe to check trending as I'm sure it's #YummyKibble or equally notwoke
When u got paid $300,000 for teaching 1 class, was that for profit? Did the students get what they paid for. You're a fraud and u know it.
Utterly unacceptable
#resign
Liawatha,

Have you noticed how you keep fighting, and losing?
honestly who cares.. Teachers try but our school system for the last 40 years has been shit. find a good trade and work hard.
Well Trump drain the swamp and put them in the White House !
Yes!!!!!
Totally unqualified until she gets an EdD degree & experience. Remove her now!
@NormEisen 

@senrobportman For one easy payment of $51,000.00, you too can buy  #ConManRob's vote!
DeVos is already super rich yet she uses her position to rake in more $$$ . #CorruptionandGreed
They should work for the rest of their lives paying Betsy & her friends for their summer homes & expensive cars while they make ends meet?
Well her boss was a predatory for profit school person. Of course they'll do this. Such transparency!
Eliminate all for profit schools
Stunning that this administration has 2 b fought on EVERY front.  Are they waiting for us to tire of the fight so they can steal the nation?
Thank you!
Your just mad because you sleazy tic's ain't stealing it.
Thank you.
@SenWarren thank you!!
Massachuestts is so fortunate to have you working for us. Tks.
Thank you AG Healey for fighting for us!!
@SenWarren Good morning Maura
Please keep fighting! Its so harf to watch these rich people do everything to hurt only to make themselves richer
The president had one in his name, they're all the rage
You support unions! You prefer keeping kids in failing schools rather than unemploy bad teachers! You aren't for the Middle Class!
Oh stop it. You have no clue.

Lizzie....go away with all the other progressive leftists. You CANNOT crack the core of America!  We Stand Strong!
You go Pocahontas stand up and take money away from other students
Disgusting.  I fail to understand why anyone, regardless of political philosophy, would reward fraud and theft.
Maybe, just maybe they should have been taught to read before signing things. Just sayin.
Thank You for doing the right thing!!
Wonder where she got this idea, hmmm. How about protecting tge people??????
Give me a break!! What schools? What students? If what are passing for students are really students, we should shut the schools down!!
What is good for students....choice to go where they want to go. Let our tax dollars follow the students. That's caring!
Absolute nonsense. Best private schools are much better than any public school & teachers make less.? This is nothing but Union panic.
See where Elisabeth Warrens children and grandchildren went to school?
Yes "the children" - bullshit - it's all about the union endorsement - and you know it.
You are clueless.
Oh, and Trump is a sick man.
Let's do away with federal education and turn it back to the States where it should be
No one takes the lying, crooked Liz Warren anymore. She won't even take a simple DNA test to back up her claim to be an Indian. #Cockroach
yasssss
Really?What about Sen Warren and her husband making $ 300,000+ a year working part-time as professors?That salary isn't "for profit"? 
Thank you Maura, Eliz & all other dedicated public servants using authority to stand up to Trump and his staff & cabinet of MISCREANTS!!
@SenWarren #DeVos #Trump &the entire unqualified Administration should b thrown out of government,all corrupt & dangerous 2 USA#R
Came out from under the rock you've been hiding under since that scandal with the lab ruined your dream of becoming governor?
@BetsyDeVos you are nothing short of a criminal- preying upon our most vulnerable & disadvantaged. They Should be protected not beaten down

Reason number 16 of why I'm proud to live in MA. thank you AG!
DeVos wants to give students protections from government run education by giving then choices. Finally we have a Sec of Ed worth her salt.
And South Carolina ranks where in education? Yes I know I used to live in Charleston. Look up your ranking before you say anything.
South Carolina is doing ok for it!s people and student.
@SenWarren Resist!.  Stop devos
Keep up the fight for mediocre education Maura.  Dems need as many undereducated as they can get.  Thank you!!
This is corporate welfare giving taxpayers money to for profit business.
Well done! @BetsyDeVosED, like all of the #OrangeBuffoon's cabinet, is driven by a single conviction = the 1% need more! #Deplorable
Protection from what? Democracy and capitalism? And what about that private college that pays you $450,000 a year because your not native!
What does her heritage have 2 do with it?? And if she is make those $ her reach back 2 help those less fortunate is called public service.
Thank you!
Shameful supporting failing schools and screwing our kids
Since when is "for profit" a bad thing?
For profit is always bad IF it profits ahead of student need, ability or prey on desperation with no regard or consequence. Other than that.
@GeneralBrnovich You in?
What protections are proposed for elimination?
Thank you
.@NYGovCuomoi What do u say Governor? Do u still believe in charter schools?
Aren't they going to follow the same path?
Go Betsy!
Elizabeth Warren... In the daze of her days...
Thank you!!
Their called liberal establishments using Barrack's regulations for benefit of "friends"...Hmmmmm?!!
Thank you
@SenWarren THANK YOU!!!
@BetsyDeVosED should just resign. Now. This is beyond the pale.
Welcome to the Trump swamp, where anything goes !!!!
School of life #we alway learning yeah child of entity worship yeah man #childprotections #studentprotections absolute factual truth far out
Ty Maura .
Support the ACLU. Our way of life is under attack. No right to think critically, no questioning, bow now to authority.
ABSOLUTELY Trendiculous!
Good job!

Elisabeth you should give her a chance. You have been saying you fight for people in Massachusetts . Still waiting . All lies
You have to win. If not,  this country is done.
Elizabeth Warren needs to learn how to say "pro-gram" it's not "pro-grum"
Thank you to all AGs who are fighting Trumps corruption!Thanks also4teaching kids in Govt checks&balances WORK&are IMPORTANT&DemocracyWorks!
@SenWarren thank you
You can't count on @AGRutledge for help. She let gov agencies get away with scams. #shadydrugdealsareathinginAR
Betsy DeVos is another example of the right wings attempts to polarize the country
Thank you for fighting back. Thank you for passing on the message that when one suffers we all suffer
I hope I will live to see the day when we can put another Massachusetts Senator in the White House. @SenWarren is an exceptional rep.
@SenWarren is an angry person with a very flawed economic policy - no private sector growth - warren is bad for USA
If that bird brain Liz Warren stands with you; I'm pretty sure you're a big government busy body railing against the private sector.
ThankYou
School choice, meaning vouchers for inner-city kids to attend private schools, if they choose to, bc $1B costs less than rebuilding.
You've 100% spun what is ACTUALLY happening. Your plan=no choice but the crappy public schools Dems created. (Cough..Chicago...Cough).

That has nothing to do with what she's fighting for
Thank U!
Warren get heat big wampum from teachers union to stop Betsy
Cancel the indoctrunated charasmatic..oh don't get me started.. Thank God for Betsy Devos!
"indontrunated" lol
Whatever! I didn't have my glasses on  & I have poor coordination. Took my neuro meds "Sinamet & others" but I meant what I said
Predatory schools??? Lmao. Just go play in traffic.
We're so grateful. God bless you!
Proud you are our Massachusetts AG!
I'm not she should be in prison hum grabber
Thank you!
If you people had your way, kids would be learning that the earth was 6000 years old.
Proud to have MA leading the way - thanks @MassAGO!
Check out UMass Amherst!!
I wish all the states would stand up to B. DeVos.
Wallflower
What does that mean?
Blocked, because you're just not that bright.
Thank you Maura for standing up to the madness in our beloved White House
What are you talking about?
Thank you so much for fighting back on this & for all your important work!
Thank you Maura!
