But you understand these are actual children, not embyos so #proLife republicans OK with their not getting the #Healthcare they need to live
So when is it the responsibility of the parents to provide for the needs of their children?
The parents of theses children are responsible they need help though to treat them they all are not millionaires like your GOP buddies
awww so you think only the GOP are rich? Look at Warren lovely home. 
Yes and he donates to charities in amounts that would blow your mind while Trump uses charitable funds to buy art for his home.
You don't even know who you're defending-ROFLMAO!   
As Margaret Thatcher once said, "Socialism is great until you run out of other people's money." 
But Liz, what are YOU doing to reign in the cost of healthcare?  U think it's fair for a family of 4 to pay $1500/$2000 month? Your plan is?
What? U think she doesn't have a plan? Pshhhh, she's not a republican...
The new republican plan is the nazi plan over a longer time period. Kill off the afflicted by lack of care. The old GOP plan is Obamacare.
We'd all like to know the Democrat alternative plan... besides scare tactics.
No alternative plan needed. Fix what we have and stop sabotaging it. Simple
Easier to stop a volcano than to fix our corrupt health care system. It's nothing more than a sand castle and the tide came in.
If by "tide" u mean 45, then I agree. He's purposely sabotaging it. What a dick.
Funny you think that as insurance companies were pulling out long before 45 got elected. It was a get rich scheme and we got strong armed.
Can't even take u seriously! Its OK 2kill a fetus yet u worry about babies nothaving healthcare? Imagine if wehad a singlepayer death panel!
Lol, you want to keep the fetus and kill the child, a child that looks at you and cries and smiles and gets sick.
It's been said that most Republicans only care about the unborn. From birth onward, as far they're concerned, you're on your own.
That is so stupid!
Not really. Republicans give a shit about abortion, but no talks about kids in the shitty foster care system due to unwanted pregnancies.
Are you kidding me right now? So many people want 2 adopt. Its DHS fault for holding children so they can eventually go back 2 their parents
Pretty sure over medicating and over prescribing is the biggest threat they currently face. Besides being turned in whiney losers by D's ofc
The GOP has never been about health care for the American people (children, elderly, poor, etc.) it has always been about the birthing.
That is not true, they want people in charge of their healthcare. Dems think they can tell us what to eat, drink and give poor healthcare.
Do you know that over half of the money you give in healthcare goes for profit to big business?
Any one in business is wanting profit. Look at all the money clintons collected they just pocketed it.
I just watch you Today in the Confirmation hearing.... And you don't have a Clue what you are doing.... Mass should be ashamed to have you
Thank you all for speaking up! Please keep beating your professional drums!
And if you are 40% Indian then you deserve the high paying minority job at Harvard instead of the lying sack of crap 1/36 fake Indian . Hah!
I don't think Elizabeth Warren has even an inkling of what's going on as far as health care anything else
We she would have gotten Clinden, she had the popular Vote, she was kind! Mr TRUMP is MEAN, AND STILL MEAN!
By your spelling, guessing you are about 12. So you're not old enough to remember this evil corrupt woman the last time they were in office.
60% of Medicaid recipients are lazy adults, who don't want have a job or purchase healthcare.
Trump puppet.
Such a Lie! These Children will Not Lose their Medicaid and you know it!  I hope it makes you people feel good to Lie all the time!
A lot of folks are taking advantage of Medicaid, wake up to the real world.
I hear you but please stop holding everybody hostage for the few! You can mandate coverage for children!
Medicaid paid for my life-saving heart surgery as a child. Dad's company wouldn't insure my "pre-existing" heart defect. #saveACA
Shriners , st Jude's hospitals treat patients all at no cost. No government needed.
Please help bring Medicaid back to Florida. Rick Scott is killing our people. Typical Republican. Revolution!!
People don't believe FL has NO MEDICAID safety net.Been fighting this fight w DCF SSI for 21 plus yrs for my disabled kid.#SinglePayerNow
I would say being slaughtered in the uterus by liberal abortion doctors would be a great risk.
Then why has no major medical prof assoc supported TrumpCare? All who've made statements oppose. And I'm a doctor who think she's spot on.
Well @BBindib?!!! What say you? Got some @foxandfriends talking points to counter @RNickGorton?
Does the Republican Senate care how many children of its Republican voters this bill will harm?
Why are so many children on medicaid? where are the parents? where are they working?
These new jobs that have been sprouting up in the USA in the last decade aren't paying enough for rent/bills, food, & insurance. Pay=minimum
Lol dumbest reply I have ever read. Pray tell what are these new jobs? Lmao.
How many illegals use Medicaid/Medicare I wonder?
Before I forget;
So it's more important to you that undocumented immigrants' kids suffer than keeping 30 mil American kids insured? Priorities much?
#LizWarren ->wants sanctuary state, BLM's protesting w/o consequence & her TOP priority is to give OUR $ to ppl who don't WORK 4 theirs!!!
A simple yes would have sufficed. However normal people think it's more important 30 million kids stay covered than hating on immigrants.
THIS IS A DISGRACE!  GOD HELP US!
Call your senators. I did.
GOP will pay because their policies will negatively affect many of their voters too.
so GOP wants to ban abortions while denying same babies healthcare? What twisted thinking!
I hate using all CAPS but how else do i shout and stress my point THIS WHY WE NEED TO SAVE OUR NHS !!
Actually you and liberal professors are
Elizabeth Warren model: rejecting the notion that people should have to work. Unreal. All BIG GOVTs run out of other people's $!!!
Only the children that ProLife saved. 
@SenWaren love aborting the most of those little ones...
@girlzinger But you know the RW is the Right to Life party! Love those babies until the minute they breathe air.
HEY how about DEMANDING THEY TESTIFY IN PUBLIC UNDER OATH! HEALTHCARE? HE STARTS A WORLD WAR WHO NEEDS HEALTHCARE? And you guys let it go!
If Senator McConnell succeeds he will become the most hated man in America. Don't let America forget who it was that hurt them.
#MedicareForAll
GOP says they must pass ANYTHING to fulfill the promise that got them elected. I remember that promise was  BETTER and CHEAPER.
Why do so many Americans not understand the benefits of a healthy population ? Healthy people are productive people. It's also moral.
Absolutely, Ian; even from an economic view it makes sense; God bless, Andy :-)
He knows Medicaid. is very important for the eldly and disable also plan parenthood and special need fight @SenWarren @SenateDems
The largest threat facing our children is the creation of a dependent society. Elizabeth Warren is One of the leaders of this movement.
Find them job ops. Not welfare ops.  They will be better off and vote Republican next time
Doctor who ? Some doctors are scummier than insurance companies
27 mil off Obamacare , Obamacare lite 22-24 mil off , gop no Obamacare 15mil , repeal only 17 mil
Children are never turned away nice fearmongering , got any other ideas
This is a lie and you know that huh pocahontas. You don't deserve to represent Americans. Your always bitching and mad.
Fake news Warren
U know I'm from mass I love my Obamacare I don't have one problem with it so that's why I'm telling my senator!! Lol
Let's get a single payer system and lose any chance of providing the best healthcare in the world to our people. Docs can't work under ACA.

Lies Lies. Pokahonas.


Open your wallet and give me all your money. Afterall, that is what you advocate.
Still believe our leaders care about you and your family?If you do you need some sort supervision so you are not taken advantage of ....
It would devastate this country
Quit the bullshit, cutting over budget freebies, you are part of what's wrong in America !
A cut to Medicaid across the board in Washington D.C. means the amount stays the same or raises up to $6. Do not let them fool you.
If you want to protect the children enforce the laws and protect the legal deserving children of America. #GeoffDiehlforcongress
What about the 2 BILLION!! that was spent on illegal immigrants through Medicaid last year? 1 Billion spent in California alone!
STRICTLY AN UNINFORMED OPINION.  YPOU NEED TO LIMIT MOUTH RUNNING TO PROVEN FACTS!
Planned Parenthood is the largrat threat facing our children. Sit down.
People who believe medicaid is a giveaway have never been poor. Do some cheat-sure-You go after cheaters, you don't harm the truley needy.
News flash... The rich don't care. For them these kids are a waste of tax money. They prefer tax cuts to sick kids so let them die.
How does a family two with $1700 a month have more spendable money than the same couple would with $2500 a month. one gets low income help
'Needs to be universal.  Period.
Seen a doctor about your delusions yet hun?
grow having everything food, education n good healh money (game changers) poor climb sand mountains harder feel good seeing a  smiling face
Donate your salary to the kids liz. You don't need it.
Not exactly "pro-life" of them, is it?
Any cuts to Medicaid and the expansion will be devastating. # working poor employers provide no insurance.# Low income seniors .
Liz - if you give a person a fish they eat for a day - if you teach them to fish they eat forever - all you do is hand out fish!
No, the biggest threat is you scalping mens testicles
I'm not a millionaire and I provided for my 4 children. It was my responsibilty, not my neighbors. "Swamp Queen" has no idea
Let the weak die off, its natures course.
USA spends more taxpayer money on healthcare and cover less people than any other developed nation. Whose pockets is the money going into?
https://youtu.be/KvBcFA9fPHw 
1 man that that is in fear of losing money for his large office vist fees tyhats the best your staff can do sounds like propaganda
Let the kids heal themselves, Why should we, as a society have an obligation to children. Let them get a job with benefits.
Still waiting for someone to care how PR take IDEA funds but not comply its conditions with the PROMESA excuse.
Imnensely #Sad. and mean!
Elizabeth, U know there are no "cuts" to Medicare so why R U lying? Plz see @Sen_JoeManchin for his ruling on if you belong in the Senate.
Dem ideas/ideals- GO BIG! FDR-LBJ-MLK-RFK! B4 it's 2 late!!!
It's a fact. Republicans are fighting to kill your children. Still wanna vote for them?
How much better healthcare could we have of not spending so much for healthcare for illegals and refugees?
Then tell him he has nothing to worry about since there are no Medicaid cuts. Stop lying
Pls rt -This #HealthcareBill could be the difference between life & death for my medically fragile child
O l guess he missed Obama care.
Why show a baby bloody warren?  I thought democrats, wanted them exterminated?  Who are you trying to fool
So where are the parents ? 40% is a lot if true, probablyva bunch of libs, gimme gimme
No one proposes any cuts to Medicaid. Stop the lies
What about Rump purposely not funding shutting down ACA is that not a crime?
cuts for Medicaid don't take effect for 4yrs.They don't affect those that are children and those that are disabled ONLY ADULTS! #TRYAGAIN
How about insurers dropping policies and leaving states? ACA is garbage
You tell 'em @SenWarren !
Yes
My Niece has Juvenile Arthritis & would be crippled at age 7, if she didn't have Medicaid. Both parents work full time, but paid 2 little.
Always about the children until it's not
Why are we cutting Medicaid? Why not cut politicians pay and benefits? The real working people always get the short end with you liberals ..
The truth is the Republican bill doesn't cut medicaid so give it your support.  Do it for America and forget party lines.
one man against the the rest of the USA
You all need to read Democracy in Chians
The welfare system in Mass is disastrous and proliferates the recipient roles...wake up! And people like Warren do nothing to get folks off.
No one, not just Warren & Pursley, wants children to suffer...how do you think that child got aids? Why are so many children on Medicaid?
What have you done to fix Obamacare? Nothing! All talk no action! No accomplishments
Total lie.  Left wing propaganda.  Scare tactics.  What warren is good at, scaring people and lying.
Did cuts all ready happen or is this just more Hysteria Rederick to scare people
It's Medicaid Senator, stop scaring constituents.Medicaid only represents a small percentage of insured
Why don't you simply pay for their care?
Your good with the @GOP as long as you STAY in the womb. @GOP @FoxNews @SpeakerRyan  @SenateMajLdr

Wow I guess he's never heard of Planned Parenthood!
Women attention, Senator Elizabeth Warren paid Female Staffers $20,000 Less than lowest paid Male Staffers -
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey The #GOP calls itself #prolife but if they really were there would be no way #Trumpcare would pass!
Sen warren: if you would get off your asses get to work helping republicans get this healthcare Bill oked.we would have healthcare for all.
@SenWarren takes tax money that should be spent on sick children and she hands out bloated government paychecks.
How about we cut bloated paychecks to the CFPB?  That money could go to sick children.
Total fear mongering. This will not take a dime away from children that need medical care. Nevermind all the private funding for children's
It's been known for decades that healthcare @ social security could not be sustained unless changes made. still no cooperation
Trump is right! The GOP (Trumpcare) bill is MEAN!!! Sad!!
And there all going to die, huh Lizzy ?
Lizzy Warren, the biggest threat to  kids is abortion.  Not cuts to Medicaid.  @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Again nothing but negative and negative. Do you ever have anything positive to say? Such miserable woman that is full of hatred and anger.
And how does the good dr rate the threat to the over 300 thousand children a year -victims of abortion? Answer that pocohantis!!!
Key words, (could be). But he is just a doctor. Funny though, when the national socialist Democratic party starts this, doctors were AGAINST
What are the others?  A do nothing book writing congress?
@SenateDems I also think Trump's nominee for science must not pass. How can he give such job to a non-scientist? WTH is goin on?
God Bless the children. We're supposed to take care of each other. GOP is SHAMEFUL. Thank you Dr's, healthcare workers, families, etc.
.

The GOP wants women to Have Babies...
No Abortions
But let them Die when they are born....

That is what REAL MURDER
Looks Like...!

.
Healthcare isn't a constitutional right but Medicaid as it is will not be taken from needy children. More fear mongering from the left.
Monica needs to come to reality..!
60% are not. Whats your alt left liberal point. Are american indians covered ?
Makes me wonder if they have an extinction agenda
I assume all this will be paid for by raising taxes on middle and lower class citizens further driving them down even more?

Tommie is a father who went back to school & suffers from chronic migraines. He is an Obamacare victim who can't find affordable coverage. 
Trump doesn't care as long as money ends up in the hands of his family and the wealthy, basically is going to be a mass murder
Typical Dem scare tactics. Warren lied to claim Indian ancestry. Even writing PowWowChow.  Used minority stat for pref in early career!
Oh, okay Warren.
Ok, Pokeyhauntus,  you'll believe tooth fairy too.
Horrible plan to cut Medicaid.It will affect so many who cant fight back but maybe thats the plan.
Shiva Ayyadurai for Senate,  2018.
Yeah but rich people get a tax cut.  In GOP logic it's worth it.
Answer just one Question Warren?  How can this be if there is only one service provider insurance carrier left in OBAMACARE?  Bull Crap?
What a bunch of crap
Stop with the democrats using this as a death march. Parents need to take some responsibility !
Then doctors better temember their promise, to treat even if cant pay . Why havent snuone in washington stopped this inflation before it got
These children's are Trump voters. Did they not understand what would happen when they bought his BS?  Is our electorate that stupid?
Hey Elizabeth.... Medicaid & Healthcare would be fine if people wouldn't abuse it
Democrats always want to give & not hold anyone accountable to work... That's why our Country is so messed up
@GOP @VP @realDonaldTrump @Reince @SpeakerRyan
Hey Elizabeth.. Why don't you & your cronies in the Congress live under the same Healthcare & Non-Pension... Then maybe you'll do something
Then GET IN TRUMPS OFFICE AND HELP WITH THE DAMB BILL
Sorry,frustrated
Impressed by this discussion. Access to health care is a universal right - no brainer! Is USA a developing country? 'Third world'?
If you'd look at the numbers, we're worse than the rest of the developed world at most things. Learning? Dead last. Healthcare? Pretty low..
Sure,that is why there are Americans in refugee camps all over the world where everything is better
Don't have babies you can't afford!!!!!!
This why we should never have gov healthcare.
That's why we should never have Gov healthcare. If people had their own they would not worry about any political taking it away.
Thank you for all that you do to protect the vulnerable in our nation. Truly, thank you Senator.
What about the Republican Senators that just signed the bill to drop the children's healthcare
You mean Capitalism incentivizing politicians to cut Medicaid = greatest threat?

Oh but you don't, that would take balls.
Nice houses Lizzy. Capitalism been very good to you!!!
Trump cares about only Trump. Republicans only cares about rich people. They don't care about poor, woman or children. think before you voie
This is a bunch of BS ! Most middle class 's are paying high premium & co-pays with Obama care . It is bankrupting the middle class .
Yet @SenWarren refuses to listen & promotes scare tactics because the Republican bill doesn't fit your agenda
All democrats need to be held responsible for the failing Obamacare
Even worse they refuse to work with Republicans to improve health care because it doesn't fit your agenda
It's time for @SenWarren to go in 2018
Warren for president
Yes cuts to Medicaid are a very seriously issue.  But now it's time to capitalize on republican incompetence and fight for SINGLE PAYER!
Warren for president 2018, yes 2018 when there is a redo because Trump was NOT elected obviously
@realDonaldTrump SADDER THAN FAKE NEWS ISNT IT SIR
