Wow glad to have you on our Trump chain
Ms. Warren remember when your President and Party became heroes  caputured Bin Laden poured in to keep America safer
Really did you tell them how to solve the us drone problem against Pakistani citizens
You need to get out of the way and let them do the job then! How much money are you getting for slowing them down?
I am sure they will listen to you beth!     They seem like reasonable people! Ha ha
You the American can not we the people of Pakistan  brief what to do and why to do when it comes to eliminates Islam Pakistan Solidify
What a LIAR.... must be running for reelection... obstructionist hypocritical seditious ANTI-American democRAT.
If you were so smart you think you democrats would have won the election Surprised Clinton Killing machine didn't step in like usual
you know Pakistan hates our country and does not trust you
Ms.Warren Pakistan is an Independent country no matter it's almost Texas size big US considers Pakistan A safe haven for Terrorist
Isn't that your party's base though?
Ask your #AfghanSlaves and forces to do more in #Afghanistan rather than pointing finger at #Pakistan.
Sounds like more demwit vs!
World will be in peace if America Stop interference  in others countries, all devilishly root grow from America...
Such as the destruction of camps in Helmand province?
Do you have a mouse in your pocket????
There is no radicalism in Islam, only created by your spy agencies..so shut your mouth & replay YouTube video of stupid Obama & Hillary
Is that the same type of school that Sander's wife borrow money to run and lied about, now involving in investigation?
You don't seem to know the history of the region.
and I bet they were all in
Accepting ISIS support and supporting Mujhadeen shut your 'f' mouth
There is no terrorist except created by CIA.. don't dictate Pakistan..& ur leadership accepted who created ISIS, Mujhadeen,&Alqaeda..
Dear Liz, This has been said 2 Pakis over & over again BUT what goes around,it comes around,unfortunately people lose not war profiteers.
It's time US will do more,stop blamming PAK on your defeat  in AFG.US achieved nothing in AFG
#US is epicentre of #terrorism  who is constantly interfering in other countries, attacking them and destroying them.
16 yrs down the road and #US is still thinking how to win the war. And you have nothing to contribute except blaming #Pakistan. Wonderful
The safe heavens are in afgainstan under us umberlla...
Did you tell the same to Afg as well .. The problem lies there
What about safe heaven on the other side that costed us around 100,000 lives
What was your idea on how they should do this? Send them to America?
And USA will do more by supporting KSA & Israel the core of hatred
Pakistan is doing more than enough, lost thousands of precious lives. Would you care to ask American forces in Afghanistan to "do more" ?
Thanks Liz. Your idiocy never ceases to amaze!
Warren/Franken 2020
Same applies to USA in rest of the world
The US led killing n bombing of Afghan civilians count for little for the respected US senator
Treacherous n deceptive from the US establishment giving free hand to Indian Hindutva state terrorism in Kashmir n Pak
@omar_quraishi hmm by asking 4 doing more dnt u feel sorry 4 ur self tht  US super power cant do it in 16 yrs in AFG ?
What have you told to Afghan leaders than? That they shall keep killing Pakistanis with the help of Raw ?
they are giving safe heavens to global terrorists from so many years,remember osama bin laden?
Actually,U need 2 do more in ceasing ur support 4 terrorists in Syria & elsewhere.U need 2 stop killing childrn in Muslim countries by bombs
We?  Lol - you got a frog in your pocket lizzie?
Correct
you can stop your grandstanding - you're not going to be President
Elizabeth Warren...a queen of pretender's like Chuck Schumer (Schemer). Worn out political hack's. Truth finds all in judgement...
So your "pow wow" went well?
See how I made light of your claimed heritage even after you refused the DNA test gift?
Wow! You have so much credibility! Until you open your mouth...and shiver with joy as you listen to yourself! But they don't believe you...
Can we take steps to eliminate terrorist safe havens in the U.S.? SPLC has thankfully been tracking them for years.
Good point. Trump recently defunded efforts to clamp down on RW domestic terrorists. If memory serves


Domestic terrorists are still listed on the DHS website
Good to know
then how about you start getting behind Trump and practice what you preach thanks Pocahontas
Now if you would just endorse eliminating the safe havens here, aka sanctuary cities!
Have you tried bribing them with wampum ?
The herion isnt grown in the united states but Americans are the biggesy user there of explain republicans how years of war have helped us
give it a rest already.....you and your opinions are irrelevant #highcheekbones
Did they give you a big ole California howdy?
Oh I see. So when Trump does something you like it's "WE" .... you and your party are pathetic
No one is going to listen to Perez. He's a weak Voice for the Democratic Party, people will nt come out & Vote! It was so wrong to elect him
For one, we r worried about what's going on over here! You chose a DNC that no one is listening too. Keith Ellison had a stronger Voice!
And we must take positive steps to make sure we Americans can vote without our elections being hacked 2018 is our last chance
Good luck with that!
Perhaps they should implement a #TravelBan like @POTUS has done?
Elizabeth Warren you have upset so many of us true Americans. You are a disgrace to our country! You need to know this. You need to go!
How?
you are spending time on our country what is wrong why aren't you TRUMP bashing & kicking the millions of deplorables who voted 4 him
Holly molly!!!  This is the first damn thing you've said in the last three years that's made any sense. Congratulations!
And by more did you suggest you would love to have them come to the U.S.?
Like what, bringing them to America.
So you avoided constituent meetings in MA over the 4th recess to go to Pakistan? Poor play.
The key to ending extremism is #education, eliminating #poverty esp. thru empowering #womenandgirls. LET'S GET REAL!
Did you send them a strongly worded letter telling them to, "cut it out"?

Now you are talking about something that we the people care about Sen. try to stay on message with things that Americans care about!

Think they're done laughing? ?? How much did that cost???

Kinda like were u make safe havens in america for illegal immigrants that kill americans .
Always telling everyone what to do. WHY DID YOU VOTE NO to audit the FED? Where did $9 trillion go, What banks, what countries got money!
No doubt
Thank you for being acting POTUS @SenWarren . You need to be the real one!
Step down Hilary Clinton jr
We they complacent or complicit in Osama bin Laden living blocks from military school/installation. Are they an ally?
Yes Liz, you have been talking for years and doing nothing. A bobbing car dash head does more than you and your ilk.
And Muslims listen women how much?
Then they looked at you and said "eat shit"! Don't expect Pakistan to kill thier brothers. They'll be our friend as long as the money flow!
Who is we?
How about pulling out of the region and stop fighting an unwinable war?
We?
Pakistan leaders will continue to play both sides. U must know that.
I'm sure they are going to listen to you, fauxcahontas.
Haven't you heard dear? Pakistan supports terror. Remember Al-Qaeda? Or are you in a fake American Indian dream state?
Safe havens like San Francisco Los Angeles and Chicago with its record breaking killathon this weekend.
I see they r grooming you for presidency . You go girl and kick Boody
Define terrorist. Have you ever?
I think she's got it. I think she's almost ready to get on the Trump train. MAGA
Did you tell them to cut it out? It worked well for Obama and Russia.
Who is "we", and do you really think telling them to behave is a plan, are you alright upstairs.
But you're willing to create them here?????? @SenWarren you're morals are all messed up lady
What are we going to do about the Washington, DC terrorists whose weapon is the withholding of healthcare from millions of Americans?
Worried about reelection? Pay back the $ you stole from the na #impeachwarren
Good job! Did you talk about Kashmiris terrorism by #India and killing of un armed population of #Kashmir
Thanks Liz!
It's about time USA looks inwards at their policies before lecturing others.is the world a better place since your intervention policies?NO
The US has failed now and again in handling such situations.. it's time now the US should back off and handle it's own territory
Again, I would let our President handle this.  #awanbrothers #AwanGate
I'm sure that had them shaking in their sandals.
You should keep you nose on the trail and leave foreign policy to Trump. He knows how to handle Pakistan.
Who's we??? And you really think they give a crap what the west wants???
Or we could just bomb them all and eliminate the entire problem
Really Liz? U think they need to do more? How about letting the USA do there job and stop bitching every time they try ! U are a real beauty
Great advice. But very empty
I'm impressed. I'll bet they listened too. Bahahaha
Taking credit for someone else's work? How very socialist of you!
Goodness I thought you wanted  the USA a safe haven for these people. Are you learning a lesson from Europe? Wow you are so fickle
Oh good for you. Now maybe go home and do your job.
They need strong ultimatums. America first.
@SenWarren  What did ya say to Em?.An Obama line "Knock it Off"..Bet they were wetting there britches..*sarcasm* Let Trump handle the Job!!
What a genius! Is that the imperial WE, or was someone with you. Did the Pakistanis mind that your a self proclaimed INDIAN ?
@va_shiva for Senate!
From your lips to God's ears
that aight to do it
Democrats are going to start talking like Trump. It's what they do. Mimic what works, get to power, make a hard left turn into Loonetown
Sorry, but they need to work on ending "honor" killings and insuring women's rights far more.
Check their new art museum for funneled pieces and money
Gee.....now there's some original thinking.....maybe you should run for president Beth.
Try smokem' peace pipe with them....
Sweet talking dosent cut it with bad guys- thats a no brainer
Why are you in Pakistan?  Aren't you a US Senator?  Your constituents don't live in Pakistan. Please come back here and represent your State
O Pocahontas,  Lekani kutiponyera ife! Kuwala kwambiri kumachokera mkamwa mwako kuposa ngamila yotsekula m'mimba!
When did you get on the train? I didn't see any smoke signals. Get it- smoke signals & fake Native American
And thief, pay back the money Lizzie
@SenWarren - You sound just like President Donald Trump!! MAGA 
We have their @lsarsour . Show support for  hearing @SecretService pounding on her door & steps to remove her US citizenship.
Did they really tell you 2 create safe havens in Chicago first.
Did you know Lizzy Warren that our president is in Poland, and they love him
Hahahahahaha. Thanks for telling them instead of making them. Big difference in leadership now. Let the big boys handle this. #retire
Stick to policing the banks. Foreign policy is an arena for Hillary Clinton (the next president)

Real problem is that Pakistan needs to allow some terrorism to keep level of aid, much of which likely goes astray. V difficult.  G luck
Shocked!! I didn't see any reference to Trump in that tweet. You ok?
I am sure that told them Elizabeth.
Safe havens like we have Sanctuary cities?
You should do more here in Massachusetts to keep out illegals. Tax payers don't want to pay for illegals. Do you get it Elisabeth
Boy you showed them!
This time I actually agree with you!  They must do more.
The proof is in the pudding, Ma'am Senator.
Who is "we"?  Did you tell them in your sternest voice to "cut it out"?
Been doing that for last 8 years so what's the response this time?
Offer the terrorists some free stuff and maybe they'll stop. Seems that's all you lefties know how to do...
What free stuff do you referring to? Social Security,  Medicare?

What do you mean WE I believe it was President Trump 
Oh Snowflake Pocahontas , go away !!
Who is this we? You didn't say anything that wasn't written for you.
Wow, Pocahontas! I'll bet they never heard that before.
Is this what dumbo said

Keep dreaming,Lizzy. Those are unreadable expectations for that part of the world.
Wahooo Warren 
Do ya think ??
You never cease to amaze/disappoint
We who?
why don't you talk to the women I know, , your being duped l Iike Vietnam. Boys and your senators, grow up again
Yea bring them all to the US. We will take care of them. Damn hypocrite wont even protect your own country.
What's this we s***,liberal paleface? Oh wait, no paleface...10% Injun with minority benefits and government grants.
@MariaBartiromo @Scavino45 U told em they must do more!  Try WALK the TALK not Talk the Talk.
How about safe havens here in Michigan
Do they have t hotels??
(Sorry to interrupt) Of course, ma'am. We do. Our Capital Islamabad is amongst the most beautiful Capitals in the World.
you have more terrorist groups in America than Pakistan, someone is feeding you senators bogus Intel, a wild chase looking for
You don't know shut Liz.  You are appearing to be a fool trying to take credit for the knowledge and actions of othets.
How could anybody with just a tiny bit of sense take this woman serious.
Who is we????
Acting like a president does not make you one now or never !
GOP discussing sleeves
Pakistan needs to stop marriage between first cousins and to use more birth control. AND, how about droppingreligion as the government?
Wow...guess you really told them!
Hey. What about Obama sticking his nose where it doesn't belong?
You know. The Logan Act!!!
And YOUR state has multiple Sanctuary Cities, safe havens for people in our country illegally. Why not take some "positive steps" back here?
Oh, well, at least you told them.  Lmao.
Wow. I think I can finally give you some props.
Did you discuss ways to decrease the consistent flow of arms to these groups?
And just because YOU told them, you think they'll listen!?!?! Nieve
#lieawatha
hello my dear how are you today ,, my name is james i  really love to talk yo you
"We...."??? Since when? Hard to believe you're not simply campaigning for a future office.
squaw   did you explain you were an Indian and could bring the whole tribe to attack them ?? what did they give you not to attack  ??
I don't think the Pakistanis heard you Elizabeth
Like bring them to the US as "refugees". Great idea chief warren.
