Take a chill pill Pocahontas! In case you haven't noticed, there weren't many roads left to travel on!
And Elizabeth what are you doing.?
Love you Ms. Warren, you sound almost ... vice-presidential. No, but I do like you.
Well gee thanks for the outrage on day 8
Aren't you in government? Go down and help.
They're busy insulting the NFL, or flying around on private jets to their homes or visiting family.  Important stuff like that
They're busy figuring out how to cut taxes for themselves and their donors. And throw a few bones to everyone else.
The it’s a good tax cut that reduces rates and takes write offs of the rich! Run your head but tell the truth not taking points!
You're not paying attention to what is going on in PR....what a shock. Be a part of the solution not complain then do nothing. Typical Lib.

Why don't you go there Pocahontas?
Great idea Pocahontas get going put your actions where your big mouth is
Maria is Trump's Katrina.  Puerto Rico is his New Orleans. But he hasn't taken his eye off the football and golf ball long enough to notice.
I feel the same way about your endorsement of Hillary Clinton, and upcoming allegiance with Kamala Harris to lose to GOP again. Shame!
Hey Pocahontas how much money did you send you didn't answer us
97 followers? Nice try #bot #troll How is Vladimir today? @FBI
You of all people should no the truth Senator, so stop with the lies! Very unbecoming of a person in your position.
I didn't hear your ROAR with FLOOD IN TEXAS & FLORIDA! What's the difference? RED STATES??? Get off your LIBERAL HIGH HORSE!
With every day that passes, I wonder what next?! Enough is enough! Americans deserve a functioning federal government!
I'm a RN. Willing 2 goto PR with sponsor 4 plane tic. & send your unused antibiotics.Don't care if I lose my license, do my best 2 save life
@CarmenYulinCruz Trump will rape #PuertoRico! Declare independence,  cancel debt, get help from international community. Refuse US govt help
With every day that passes YOU are one day closer to be out of a job!  That is so comforting to me & millions who voted for @realDonaldTrump
there was help before the hurricane hit red cross and fema plus troops to repair piers and airport.Ships came the next day.Stop the lies
What have you DONE other than flap your gums?
Flip another house Lizzie.
Is there enough outrage to start #Impeachment because Today would be a good day to do that.
Hey Folks. Suzanne is a FAKE PROPAGANDA ACCOUNT run by TRUMP TEAM. BEWARE.
Frossie sounds like a dried up old lady ready for nursing home. 
Hey Folks. Lavon is a FAKE PROPAGANDA ACCOUNT. #PutinBot
You are part of the government shed some light as to what is being done to expedite the needed help.
Where are @USNavy & @uscoastguard? Helicopters are better than trucks. #NoRoadsNecessary #PuertoRico
Don't United States Senators have any clout? Is Congress a helpless mess? Last time I checked you folks ARE the federal gov't too.I love U
TRUTH: 15k containers sat for 3+ days because local truck drivers and SanJuan gov was refusing to help 10k US troops sent by @POTUS
The Puerto Ricans aren't the right color for the Tangerine moron
We all are!
TRUMP and his administration has FAILED PUERTO RICO.
Did you hear & see the mayor BEGGING the President for help in front of the world to help his people? Disgraceful and weak! Vulnerable too!
That was after the dems talked to him. President has done plenty
The San Juan mayor is a WOMAN who has shown great strength & courage. There's no shame in humbling yourself in defense of others wellbeing.
You can lead a fool to water but you can't make her think
Your imagination is "running wild" again. Go drink something strong.
Dont tweet about it, gather the press & call that son of a bitch out! Trump should be working not on vacation while #PuertoRico is in crisis
Get the facts- not true
What are you giving?
Is that all you do, spread fear and hate?
Yes, that's all Fauxcahantas does.
You got plenty of federal government money why don't you donate your salary and all the rest of your perks to them?  Yeah why don't ya???
You are the federal government....and what are you doing?
Evergreen tweet
Have you done ANY research AT ALL??  Or is this your typical spewing from the mouth??
Thank you Sen. Warren for your continuous help and reminder to those who don't know       Puerto Ricans have U. S. Citizenship.
I'm outraged that you two shills have collected a salary for years and accomplished nothing for your people but debt and misery.
Why do you continue to lie @SenWarren..
She is one of the  most honest politicians there is -she is on your side even if you are not on hers.
..honest and Warren are in 2 different leagues! Pocahontas and gang are angry because they know their days of taking your $$ are ending..
Check the box Native American ancestry for profit, fraud Fauxcahontas 
@SenWarren Can't believe a word she says, pay reparations @Harvard
Instead of racist name calling maybe you should try reading up on some facts and truth.  It's liberating - the truth will set you free
I don't think you even know the meaning of racism. You might consider buzzing around another convo., with others that are as bigoted as you!
Instead of name calling why don't you just give reasons why you disagree w her with facts and data.
Why don't you go to PR or VI and send them about a million dollars then you might be able to talk
Really, faux Indian.
You're welcomed to go and volunteer.
I'm appalled that Puerto Rico has no one willing to drive a truck to distribute all the food and water just sitting on its shores.
So am I. This is not what people in Texas did to their fellow citizens. This is the real tragedy!!!
RU acknowledging that the federal gov't is a failure? UR right, it is & it will always be a failure.#PrivatizeAllTheThings #TaxationIsTheft
You are so very correct  what is going on with our government?  We are not living as the great country of past years
Just wondering how much did Obama, #HillaryClinton, #Blm & #Antifa or @SenWarren donate to hurricane relief and Puerto Rico?
It is an Island of people of color   , not Trump Voters
Then corrupt Communist politician lies onTV that USA not helping when FLEET ofShips hospital ship military billion$ suppliesSittingBehindHer
Senator Warren, electing a grotesquely unfit president is all fun and games until something serious happens. Then it isn't funny anymore.
not as bad as electing a fraudulent box checker
Go there. You will attract attention and press. Seriously. Use the bully pulpit.
Excellent idea, but Trump administration has prevented Congress from traveling to PR on military flights due to "disruption". Seriously...
I saw. But if it were me, I'd find a way in. If reporters can make it there, so can politicians. :]
Trump is going on Tuesday. When is Pocahontas going?
Can't Congress appropriate more money and put the former Presidents in charge of it? Or the Joint Chiefs of Staff?
Maybe you should talk to the UNION truck drivers refusing to take the supplies out of the PORT that OUR gov sent because they are striking.
YOU ARE AN ABSOLUTE LIAR.
What have you done to help? Did you think good thoughts while sipping camomile tea in your mansion?
How about you driving a truckload of donations there?

Besides always nagging & complaining, what exactly do YOU personally do to provide help to those in need? Tweet about THAT Fauxahontas #MAGA
Warren you are full of crap and a liar
Dear #FakeIndian, take your #FakeNews and go back to where you came from. Spreading misinformation is the last thing Puerto Ricans need.

Lefties slobbering over the opportunity to blame Trump for anything and everything. Keep it up folks.
But the #MayorOfSanJuan had a sweet custom t-shirt, was that approved by you and your Marxist club?
Yeah, you aren't making this political. Fraud!
You should go to Puerto Rico and assist.
What a political hack.
Bwaaaaahahahaha!  'Lying Liz' spits out another whopper!  
Yes now she is a native Peurto Rican 
It's the high cheek bone bones in her ass
#Pocahontas #dogwhistling
Time to print T-shirt’s but can’t distribute water and food. Typical liberal thinking screw you!!!!!!
Warren is nothing but an opportunist
Hey dumbass aren't you part of the government? You are no different than the mayor. Full of LIES!!!
Your a joke!!!
Meanwhile the mayor gets stupid shirts made...

Puerto Rico's cop telling the truth about Hurricane Maria's aid https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s  via @YouTube
Send some of your wampum and volunteer to dispense aid. Aren’t you part of federal govt. ? You lying sack...
Fake Indian with Fake News and a liar 
You are a liar!
Might want to call your Union pals in Puerto Rico then and tell them to stop striking and start delivering all the supplies Trump has sent.
Because you are clueless of what the fed govt is, what it does, or what help they have given.  #LiberalsLackingLogic #Imbeciles
It is sad when politicians like you lie to gain political points.
The problem in Puerto Rico is the Democrat Mayor sabatoging the relief effort rufusing to distribute food & water. Geraldo Rivera
Grab your broom and fly there to help them
You'd think a senator would tell the truth. Federal aid was mobilized w/in 24 hrs of Maria. Food/water/medical supplies were there last week
And on the (aircrafts carrier)ship waiting, they have 2 subs down there making electricity for the whole island
What have you done, Nanc?
You believe everything fairytale CNN airs.
Maybe you should all learn what it means to be a Fiat currency. In fact, that should be the future litmus test to be in #Congress #Duh
Wow!  Have you seen all the praises for Trump's response from their Governor? Have you donated?
You’re part of the federal government, go there @SenWarren do your share. You have the talking part done.

(1) Okay. First we have the video of the Puerto Rican truckers' union confirming that they're on strike.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sdnvu9FHscA …
meanwhile the mayor criticized Trump while standing in front of supply not moved due to union strike
You must be uninformed Pocahonta. This is not Trumps fault.  PR was on a downward spiral. The grid needed mega work, the roads, the damn etc
With each day that passes I'm more outraged that Congress has not impeached DT!  Why???


Warren needs to glue her bobble head back on, trump is way ahead of her and the rest of her rat nest trash, he's had fema,the mil. And on the phone make sure of other needs.where is the leftovers helping.


Tell us about your GOD - obama
WH Visitor Log
WHY is he meeting w Convicted Child Traffickers....
Horrible.
Like you do in Detroit, Chicago, California, or any liberal controlled city that is poor and failing with high poverty and crime. no thanks
You know this is a lie!  Aid is there!  People are there!
What are you doing to help? Sitting at a desk?
OH now I know where u're getting your politics from...@SenWarren.  Not the greatest of examples. It figures. So @realDonaldTrump was right.

Neighboring mayor praises Trump, says San Juan mayor playing "politics," AWOL at meetings http://washex.am/2x7ngFL  
Please please please go away and never come back. You’re so useless it pains me to even reply to such incompetence
Crying about PR while we have relief and FEMA on the ground in that shit hole of an island
if my business had been allowed to open 6 years ago now Puerto Rican Energy might still be on!
Shut up you ignat!  Have you been there? The Govt has done a good job! The local Govt has dropped the ball! You never miss a chance!
Aren't you part of the Federal Government
Everything they need is there and you know it @SenWarren You people play on any tragedy real or fake. It used to work for you,no longer.
Why don't you go down there, get a first hand look, document what's going on then lend a helping hand to your fellow Americans?
Many Guard members walking with supplies. Most places have damaged roads. How much more do you want from them? Working on electrical/roads.
Tons of gov't supplies at PR ports. Truck driver union Frente Amplio using disaster for contract negotiation. Liar.
You're a fraud

Hahaha!
Another day passed Liz, have you flown out to help? Or just at the keyboard spouting?
Lizzie Warren is a hack gave our country 40 whacks then before she's through she will lie to every one of you!!
You are part of the Federal government. Now you know how we feel about you
Received a call for a donation for your competitor. I live 1,000 miles away & said no, it's a MA race. Now I changed my mind. You're evil.
There are trucks there, loaded with food, water, supplies, clothing, but no one there to move the trucks, unload the trucks, it's a strike!
And every day that passes, I'm more outraged that congress is so busy attacking each other while the American Citizens pay the $.
You go where ever the wind blows.
With every day that passes, I'm more outraged that congress isn't doing more to help our fellow taxpayers in America. 
What exactly are you doing? Our great POTUS is doing an awesome job! MAGA
Get your rear end down there then!
As usual, a bunch of bull from Pocahontas.
Your appalling all by yourself.

They also have to help themselves as well like the Texans and Floridians!
I'm outraged that you used American Indians to further your career as Indians say you speak with forked tongue.
No one trusts you any longer, because the party is entirely agenda driven.  It's sickening.  You guys could care less about your voters.
Or get rid of stinkin' pres who is worthless.
Democrats love to use the suffering of others to accomplish there sick and twisted agenda..vote them out 2018 drain the swamp
I am more outraged that you have no clue what you are taking about while pretending to be a US Senator.  Why don't go there if it's so bad??
Be quiet
Okay. What more needs to be done?
Stop your lying Senator
Not sure what is behind her? Could you tell me Pocahontas
Aren't you the federal government?

Have you been to Houston or the Keys to help?  

Or do you just have a big mouth?

#fedup
Nice try, irrelevant one.
Here how the Liberal mayor is handling it.She hasn't missed a photo opt but has missed all FIMA meetings.Boat full of media not supplies
Then do something it's your job!!quit all this Trump bashing and do what we put you in office to do. Drain the swamp 2018..
And we couldn't care less what outrages you
Are you really this nuts warren @ClayTravis @RealJamesWoods
What have you donated to the effort? Annnnd crickets!
They are stop lying to the American people
Well aren't you part of the federal government?
@SenWarren You do realize you have become irrelevant, haven't you?
Then get your but up and go to Puerto Rico & do something. Quite tweeting about it & put your word into action
Sad that you choose to lie and use these people for political gain.


Boom!
Elizabeth they are doing the best then can don't like jump right in and help! Or are you disabled?
to all those screaming they racism in THIS country, I say: https://twitter.com/TansuBiremen/status/913492802520182784 …
