What an embarrassment Warren is.  Try to have a little class.  You behave like a bar room brawler.
she is in a class of her own.
The lowest of class.
No. Trump lying in spite of video/audio proof otherwise is lowest of low.  Support of that is same.
Please provide video & state what he was lying about.  If is something petty like the exact size of the crowd don't bother
met Russian ambassdor during campaign, supported Iraq war, 2 many others 2 count #urahypocrite #uwhinedwhendemsruled
i didn't say he did anything illegal.   He said he NEVER met him.  He did.  It was a lie.  I never said it was for profit
Go ahead and keep the conspiracy going.  No one believes it anymore.  #DemExit
@warhammer she was stopped but a male democrat read it 1 hr later #sexism #learnurfacts #closeth8r
Is that a threat? Do we need to report you to @SenateMajLdr for censure? You lost.  Now please start working for USA or quit.
Remember DT lost the popular votes
Welcome to the Constitutional Republic of the United States and our voting system.  Our duly elected POTUS is D. J. Trump.
Not by the popular votes
It's our system is set up.  We are not a democracy and we don't have majority (aka mob) rule.  Read the Constitution.
Thank you senator speak loud and clear for those of us who can't speak and who you represent!
Thank you Sen. Warren Do not be silenced! You represent US!
@SallySueIam KNOCK IT OFF! YOU LOST! GET OVER IT! YOU ARE DESTROYING OUR DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY WITH UR OWO AGENDA. STOP IT NOW! #DTS
please PLEASE run for president in 2020. PLEASE
LOL.Yes, please. America could use a good laugh. Things are so tense right now. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #womenfortrump
DO NOT GIVE UP.  TELL US WHAT WE CAN DO!  We are waiting to act! Millions of us!
Even your Native Americans are telling you to shut up.
So you admit you broke the rules. You are really unhinged with all your tweets. Holy cow. Enough caffeine already.
You are right! We are mobilizing in VA. We will be behind you and every other democrat that stands up for us!
Follow the peaceful guidelines in place or resign. Even if your believe your right, your not complying, thus silenced.
Sent Mitch McConnell all ten pages of Coretta Scott King's letter. Figured he could read it when he can't sleep at night
shut up pls
I second what Sara says!! Go back to Boston and your progressive paradise!!!
Stop partisanship and start working with Repub to address key issues avg America faces. Senator acting like a ranting 5 yr old
I'm so proud of you Senator Warren. You are the strong and sound voice I'm listening to. Thank you for shouting what I'm feeling @SenWarren
thank you!
you lost, again. Grow up
Every time you are told to sit down and shut up, we will stand up and shout. Let's go. Let's do this! #mapoli
You sound like a sour loser. Lol
Gosh. Liliya. All Quiet On The Western Front. By the way, Americans say "sore" loser. Ask Putin 4 English lessons.
soar grapes
you GO GIRL!! #ShePersisted
Thanks for speaking for all those who oppose racism and bigotry.
me too cause now we feel we really are screwed. :(
It's hilarious too see you guys lose your shit when you lose over and over again, and you still dont know why
did you vote for Obama either time?
No I live in Sweden a country that has gone to shit because of liberal government and refugee crisis
And I only wish we had someone like Trump to get our country back under control.
We have the most amount of migrants per our own capita, we are the rape capital of west
Massive spikes in crimes, muder, rapes, robberies,  ever since we let these people in
Thank you. The #antifa #antifa  will back you.
We respect and stand with you 
We stand w you.
I think I need to cancel Nexlix
l think I need to cancel nexflix
ily
keep fighting, Ms. Warren. So many of us believe you're one of the people that will get us through the nightmare
Actually, according to the numbers of democrats that have lost office, I think maybe this might be the end...
go get em Senator Warren...we got your back!!!
Thank you for making our voices heard through yours.
TAKE YOUR MEDS
you go!!!
Fauxcahontas, why not talk about Robert KKK Byrd, your colleague that burned crosses in black people's yards?
Byrd renounced the KKK and tirelessly worked for Civil Rights.
I guess that's why Byrd filibustered the Civil Rights and Voting Rights acts.
.@TexasTRex @SenWarren  You don't give a f*ck about people of color or the legacy of Robert Byrd. I just looked at your timeline
While u roar, we whisper. We do hear u. U won't hear us. America voted. We won. Time 2 stop. #maga #dts!!
.@realPwarden @TexasTRex @SenWarren Buyer's Remorse
I'm going to bet his numbers are better at Fox so called 'news'.
Trump's Approval Rating via Fox News is 42% the worst of any modern day Potus @LilDocCollins @realPwarden @TexasTRex @SenWarren
@inky_mark why does it seem you're the only one fighting up there?
she is one of many
I know, but the perception. Maybe just me, but I don't see the others as much.
true most democrats hiding under their house seats
TAKE YOUR SEAT you Goofy Dingbat!
@realDonaldTrump  Once again you are wrong Shouldn't be in the senate if you don't know the rules Please run in 20 Trump 4 4 more
@dkwhitlock1 ha ha. You are a liberal on a downward spiral.  Splash!!!!!!
would you just SHUTUP! I AM SO TIRED OF HEARING YOUR BIG NASTY MOUTH
@OpPigRoast Mitch learns consequence of silencing speech he can't bear to hear--Elizabeth now speaks to the world!  Fitting
@frostnhstaterep Fight! We, the majority, are with you
Not a marathon, or a sprint; it's a relay race. Carry the baton as long as you can, hand off, rest, then back in!
yes. Perfect! Thank you
well, it may sound good, but on what grounds?
collusion w/Russia = Traitor/#Emoluments clause:#Unfit /#TrumpCantRead/#Pay4Play etc.
but profiting from investments while in office is not necessarily illegal
law does not apply to pres or vice pres. Look at Cheney and hekkibyrton
should have been helliburton
@MelissaJPeltier GO, Elizabeth!!!
@LynCKos
<3 what a day. What a week. What a.. What comes 1st: the 45 induced zombie apocalypse or the return of TWD? @SenWarren
I hope TWD. I need to lose some weight before the Zombie Apocalypse...
:-) Sunday the 12th it is. May Rick and the gang long outlive 45's term.

hehe!! You have great memes!
If I could speak in real life with just memes, I would be rich and famous
"hold him accountable & make sure he looks out for all. Anger without work is futile & will wear u out. Let's get to work." 
You broke the rules, Pocahontas. I know Dems don't think rules apply to them, but you were summarily slapped for good reason.
Like Republicans follow rules HA! You just lie, buy, and insult please who don't look or think like you.
projection
Dems don't seem to realize they have been made. We see through them, but needy followers want to believe them.
The only followers are Republicans who want slavery back and really want the white house whites only.
that's the stupidest thing I've seen on Twitter today
go cry me a river
Says the fake who cheated real minorities out of a place in line. 
#Fauxcahontas
We're just getting started too. 
sour losers

@riasmomma chill out fauxahontis
say it with excellence
@LetsMakeBabiess GO get THEM, all of them. We have your bck & there are more of "us" than "them". And now we are insulted & mad.
@MelissaJPeltier @SenWarren @LetsMakeBabiess You scare them.they wouldn't try so hard if they weren't.
drag him
not familiar with the phrase, eh
you look at his career and then tweet about it
you sound triggered
You sound sad. And lost. And defeated...
The beginning was several months ago, ma'am. You're just catching up to the citizen journos.
Go get 'em!!  We're right behind you!  <3
Thank you @SenWarren
We're all rooting for you & so proud of you
& Loling at @SenateMajLdr for giving us the new rallying cry
#ShePersisted
we have your back!
please also go hard on the Russian hacking.  It's important and seems to have faded from memory.
Good, I just wish more Democrats would grow a set and stand up...DNC and most of house & senate need to go, electoral college 2
How Are you doing today
@ntmyprez Thank You Sen Warren.  Standing behind you  Also, All Democrat's
Never accept being silenced by anyone!!
Hello there
.@SenWarren Persist! Persist!
Americans don't want to hear what you have to say any longer. Go away and buy a pair of Ivanka trumps shoes, you need them.
weird how your publisher tweeted about your new book hours before you broke rules.
doesn't diminish what Warrenhad to say and that she was silenced because of it. Wrong battle @Bisquettet
it goes toward her motives for doing something she knew she couldn't win, but could profit from.
How about you check your GOP reps that got paid $$$ by DeVos???? THERES your swamp, bud.
Wind Bag!! The reason you're at only 44% in your state
- Democrats lost WH, Senate, House, most Govs & State Houses. America has rejected liberalism. 

You literally don't matter. Bye.
go away Warren your done in Massachusetts you fake
you are an American hero. Thank you.
Nobody wants to hear your hate speech. We want to Make America Great Again.
- thank you!!!
give up. people who vote see who you are now that you finally expose it. Those who pay you don't vote. Remember that
I take it you've never been to Massachusetts.
You get it girl! #DemsSenatorsAreBadass
I will fund your campaign directly. Not via @dscc as they have not yet gathered all on board i.e. @JoeManchinWV
@DavidGMcAfee warren your a joke. How about standing up for veterans, or the atrocities committed against natives. Clueless much?
@01Dianawmc @SenWarren remember Liz's lies!
Nothing says "Vote for me" like a persistent nagging shrill voice.
I feel sorry for your poor husband, yap,yap,yap
Go get 'em. We need you up there fighting. GOP has lost their minds, siding with the mad king against their own countrymen.
Well we sure could use a Rule 19 so we don't have to hear your screeching idiocracy
thank you for being a true hero
What bearing does bringing up a letter from 31 years ago have on confirming Senator Sessions? congress needs to go to work
Yes! Keep it up! And we will too!
Thank you Senator

keep fighting the honorable fight
amen sister
Thank you! My new purpose is to do as you have done, "She persisted!"
I notice the voters of your home state have had about enough of you too.
Here to the beginning. Go get'em Senator.
where were you when Senator Sanders needed you in the primary. You reap what you sew Senator.  You helped that asshole win.
Your racist! Everyone see's it now.  Keep at it Republicans will be in power forever thanks to your loudmouth. You never learn
get real we got rid of George wallace, Lester Maddox,Ross barrnett,and many others all Democrats and kkk.
preach girl, preach 
does your lack of silence come from the tribal teachings of your elders. BTW not a good idea to post a pic w Sarah the Hater
get em'- right behind you!
Keep spreading your hatred, bias & lies. America doesn't buy it. Maybe time to retire to the reservation with your people?
@rolling_2 
BOOM
DROP THE MIC
Is there a Elizabeth Warren for President fund yet?
I know it's passé but "winners never lie and liars never win". Just keep that in mind while you defame @SenJeffSessions.
Please do not stop
all you are is just a loud mouth argumentative bitoch
im trying to figure what is wrong with u
Democrats. U don't show up to vote, everything you do is extreme.Pick your Battles.
come on lying fauxcohantis sit down
Slick lizzy threating republicans with her non-stop mouth.  I hope she doesn't hit McConnel with her automatic purse.
Pocahontas thinks she is more important than our country. It's all about her being the first woman president
that will be constructive.  Predetermine that something will be bad. Would you want your kids to think that way?
speak loudly and clearly so they can understand what your saying Ms Warren
you are full of HATE you are trying to Divide us That's NOT A Real American I was going to vote Trump because he loves the USA
you do what you believe is the right thing to do, I commend your actions for not staying silent like so many others choose to do
you lose and soon you will no longer be a senator
You Go, Girl! We got your back
interesting how you LIED about being of Indian descent BUT I GUESS YOU WERE TOO DEPLORABLE, YOU HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY SESSIONS
And rember if they turn their back to you  bite them in the ass
U can count on it chick. It's only gonna get worse for U dems. This is just the beginning
The ever growing silent majority awaits you.
Proud of your efforts in the Senate. Elizabeth Warren for President!
thank you for being a strong woman and standing up!
Thank you! You are my new hero! #wonderwoman #superheroesarereal #resist #persist
Thank You.
and I hope the rest of the @SenateDems will join you.
yes there is you goon
I am looking forward for Curt Shilling to run against you in MA
Your favorable rating is falling.  Keep it up, You are irrelevant
so, why did he receive an award from the NAACP for his work in 2009?
Ooooohhhh! We're shaking in our work boots. 
feel free to include that narcissistic psychopath that was elected president #habitualliartrump
Keep it up, I support you!
YES!!!
Obviously nothing can silence you. Try doing something for a change.
I can't hear you, the wind is blowing away your smoke signals.
stop grandstanding
hey Lizzy I found a video of you oh poor baby bless your little heart it will be ok sweet pea take your ball and go home
Keep it up! You are my hero
We are with you, Senator! #Resist
Damn skippy! Thank you for working so tirelessly on behalf of We the People!
You Libs have no regard for the law, UNLESS it benefits you! #ImpeachSenWarren
Give'm hell Senator Warren..in a legal ethical way off course  many of us got your back and each other's backs.
yes, there is!!!!   you are  the one  who is in the dark!!
2021
Thanks for your strong voice speaking up for what is right.
Your a crazy dingbat. We will be better when you are voted out!
it doesnt count unless you say it in ALL CAPS.  Seriously though, thank you for continuing to fight.
You'll be booted out of office next year.. 
Keep acting like a lunatic buries your reelection chances which I'm quite happy about. Hey 1% how's your returns coming hypocrite
Stop with the obstruction-move on,u r elected to WORK 4 people of ! Stop the hate. Grow up! B constructive destructive 
you are amazing!
a zipper would really come in handy right about now.
we are listening #ShePersisted #resist #ResistTrump
@noahs_clARKe 
god shut up...
take a seat, Ms. Warren. Your 15 mins are over.
#WEAREWITHYOU Let them go ham. 2018 can't get here fast enough!!
@DemResistance you go girl!!! 
Beginning of what? Not following rules and acting unorderly? Please keep it up..
please tun in 2020
you are my hero!!
You are my hero Ms. Warren, keep fighting. I wish I could help you fight more!
Thank you!
oh goody. It will make a huge difference. Enjoy your last year. Schilling n 2018
