I’ve introduced a bipartisan bill with Sen. Rubio to help cut off human traffickers’ access to the banking system:
More invasions of financial privacy to come I'm sure.  If people want to sell sex let them.     You are the epitome of the Nanny State.
BI partisan? That's a first
Warren doesn't give a crap about anyone but herself! She's preys on the poor and buys their foreclosed homes to make quick personal profit!
Really? Please provide your source / link so I can learn more...
The hypocrite just did a radio  interview where she dismay about Obama charging 400k
and the money snake in and out if DC  you 'CAN READ about it in MY BOOK' SHE FINISHES WITH.
She's making a lot of money from that book. Do you dislike rich people?
No buts....take trump billionaire the only 1 thing that bothered me about him is that...
The master of human trafficking @realDonaldTrump will never allow it.
Tks for passing a budget that will take care of the coal miners @GOP were doing nothing but #TheResistance got the word out to help! YW
But then where will trump get the people to run his resorts and hotels?
Would love to see congress move along despite @POTUS's distractions.
Would love to see the country move along despite Congress's attempt to sabotage progress!
Considering that congress is run by republicans, I wholeheartedly agree
Congress is run by corrupt career politicians! @SpeakerRyan @SenSanders @SenWarren @marcorubio! They all get rich off tax payers!
How is Sanders or Warren getting rich off taxpayers. There is NO proof of that. Do you just type and hope that someone believes you?
Proof? @SenSanders has been on a tax payer funded salary since 1981! He was broke before politics and now he owns 3 houses!
LOL, you made me laugh aloud, thanks! Uh, yeah, have you any idea what he makes a year? If he didn't I'd think he was a lousy manager of $$
Right! He makes 4x the national median income as a career politician! He's amassed a fortune from leeching off our tax dollars #GreedyBernie
I mostly don't agree with Sen Warren, but at least she's working with Sen Rubio on solutions rather than the usual liberal pandering bs
This is one example of why few will vote for you and are done with the left wing communist party
I want to see an abby normal brain too! I bet his front lobe is very atrophied.

Human trafficking is and has always been an issue. We can tackle more than one problem at once. It's called time management.
Human Trafficking is a BS issue like the war on drugs that gives Pols a talking point &gives police an excuse to demand more money & power
How bout you just hunt them down and kill them? Would t that keep them from using the banking system?
Make sure Bill Clinton reads it probably wouldn't hurt for Hillary to take a quick peek with Monica
Rubio showed up for work?
Still waiting for the bill that stops the president from bilking America.
How about bipartisan bill to keep monsters like this out? Say no to Illegal immigrants!
Illegal,deported 4 times, rapes a 2 year old girl who will need reconstructive surgery. Dear Jesus we've had enough! 
Trump is an expert on high end human trafficking. He, O'Reilly, and Ailes would fully support any effort to impede exploiters of women.
It's not a good thing, to cut people's access to money, who are doing survival and other forms of sex work. You're not rescuing those ppl!
How about cutting off White House's access to the banking system?
I would love to have you be my guest in Madison WI anytime.   Please pm me lol. I have your media
Let's be real. This will hurt sex workers who outnumber human traffickers a million to one
Thank you!
Republican support... NONE.
I agree with most of what you do.
But that's some bullshit right there.
Maybe you shouldn't use the phrase "cut off" Just saying
A wall would help
Doesn`t look like "RESISTANCE" to us.  Would you try to be consistent?
Thanks! And thanks also for "reaching across the aisle." That seems more difficult, these days.

Need a refresher on @SenWarren lying about her ancestry? 

Read my @townhallcom column now! https://townhall.com/columnists/howiecarr/2017/05/01/why-trump-is-still-calling-sen-warren-pocahontas-n2320732 …

…
Please stop trashing Democrats. Thanks!
STOP WITH THE OBAMA BASHING NOW--if you think we're gonna let you go down the "White Working Class" road without a fight-you are VERY wrong
What about a bill that prevents people from claiming minority status in order to benefit their career?
As far as I'm concerned you seem like an extremist that divides people instead of bringing them together.
You and Bern need a more dynamic, positive approach or your walking into trap, trust me. Talk about more than just the problems. Build hope
I don't want to see you fall into the trap of "the resistance vs fascism". You'll make yourself an easy target. Trump is expecting this.
I have high hopes for you, your research on the dual income household was essential to my understanding of the recession...having said that.
Human traffickers or "sex workers" which is basically law to allow police to target people already targeted (mainly women)? Really Senator?
Cutting and humans seems to be a frequent saying for you 
I don't care that someone gets paid for a speech out of office, but I have a problem w/ lobbyist, Russians & paid speeches while in office.
#MarchForTruth & March on #GOP @GOP sit in - refuse to leave until @SenateGOP takes action #REVOLT2017 #StormTheCastle #Resist #Trumprussia
Please don't fight with other democrats. It hurts the party. People love Obama. If you go against him, they'll go against you.
Warren and Rubio for office.... A hypocrite and Moron  can see it.
If you know these ppl have access 2 banking system, then U would have idea who they are, right? Find the children & arrest the traffickers!
Then the VOICE office is doing a disservice! VOICE needs to stop, it is just racial profiling
Well that's great I'll give you credit for that but how about if you cut off funding for killing babies in our nation
My rt'ing of this had NOTHING to do with Warren, but everything to do with @marcorubio proving once again he can work with ANYONE
Oh I absolutely got that Marco Rubio was my choice for president sorry if you were offended had to get my dig in for Warren
My choice also he is GREAT and will be President one day. Warren is a nobody to me 
@AJ_9342 if they're known human traffickers why do they have access to banking system in first place
Down what do you say Lizzy come its your turn to stand up and take one for the team
I think it's a deplorable situation I vote to send you under deep cover and you can collect all of the information needed to put these dogs
how come you never gave this a thought while Obama was President what's your motivation now?
Thank You for everything you do to combat our nightmare
Build the WALL! Southern borders are wide open for human trafficking. ENOUGH!
You really like to cut stuff, don't you.
LOOOOSEER LIBTARD
@marcorubio and you need to get @realDonaldTrump trafficked out of the @WhiteHouse His conflicts and abuses are deplorable!
Delusions can be controlled but you must want to get help.
Back off @POTUS44 He's no longer in public office & can speak to whomever for $$$!Get to work on @realDonaldTrump conflicts and abuses! 
Why not build a border wall...probably cheaper.  Wild eyes are all the same..cause a problem, then create 5 new gov programs to make worse
... himself. Same could be said of his friendliness with Turkeys leader. Maybe even Kim Jong Un could be a business gold mine. Sad
Why does Trump invite President Duterte to the US, yet ignore many allies? Is It to establish personal business deals to enrich
Why did Obama bring known terrorist groups to the White House and ignore allies?
How will u n the rest of your pizza ship cronies do your banking ???
You are a sick & twisted monster. "I hope they (Trump and his voters) leave their bodies to science.I would like to cut them open"YOUR WORDS
That's GREAT!  Thank you!  If I didn't know better, I'd say you were in danger of becoming a conservative. 
In the military females get raped, in media they get assaulted in universities they get raped and everywhere they cover it up, bust them
If you stop human trafficking you stop the government because they are the ones doing it, that is why they can not be caught
Then build a wall fauxahontas!!!!
awesome
Thank you and glad to see our #FLSenator @marcorubio onboard too!
I just watched you state you would like to cut trump supporters up. What THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU LADY?
We Love all of you so much so much and always will, I feel as if it's happening to me, Now, here in your Country, Just saying,
Another BS law,  if you know who the human traffickers are why don't you have them prosecuted. This will do nothing.
Thank you. Anything that can be done to help. And, good to hear bipartisan.
So glad to see this. Thank you so much for your efforts to help combat this terrible epidemic.
Term limits
@b_ofrights 
Congratulations on the bill and on bipartisan efforts.
Senator Warren, I just finished your book.  Hope that you will become President may just get me through these dark time. Thank you!
Then close the damn borders
Excellent!  We need more people would can work across the aisle, especially now that the Republicans seem to have lost unity
Gee......  I would have proposed a law to put them in jail........
Sounds like useless bullshit to distract from a do nothing Congress.  All cowards.
This is what our nation (and globe) needs!  Thank you for fighting to #endslavery
Yes! More legislation please, Senator. Even if they have no chance of seeing the floor, please file, file, file!
LOL.At d same time U want Trump Supporter's bodies for science.Millions of dem?Sick Fake Liberals...Fiberals
Wow, you moved Rubio to do something for the good!!! Yeah!!! Never thought I would see that!!!
Thank you and Senator Rubio
@marcorubio that's a great bipartisan bill. Let's see more.
Work together!! @SenRubioPress
Worried about human trafficking but probably got paid $$$ by @HillaryClinton
Thank you Sen. Warren.  Glad you could get Marco Rubio to do something for his paycheck.  It's more than we Floridians have gotten from him.
Then how are Democrats going to make any money?
Go for it.
Very nice look we can work together bipartisan
Doesn't being in the same room with him make you itch?
I applaud Senators Warren and Rubio for their efforts to cut off human trafficking. It's a despicable crime.
Amen 
Thank you!  There are minimal resources available to investigate and arrest the human trafficking rings.
We r behind u senator Warren!
great idea and bipartisan even better I tried reading the bill. pure leagleaz  they think bankers can stop trafficking why no law enforcers
Did you know the Mexico cartels walk them across the border and do a 30 city tour with stolen girls ? Replenish able money supply
Rubio will fuck it up. We want him out. Now.
Hi it must be nice to be a princess. An Indian Princess!!!!!
That should B pretty easy Bi-Partisan Bill to pass!,unless Russia is included?Unless Manchurian Candidate President gets a change of orders!
Well @realDonaldTrump will never go for that. He'll probably trash you for it.
If human trafficking is a stain on humanity, please help us find the #missingblackgirls who vanished from #washingtondc #blacklivesmatter
Thank you.
Rubio's doing something???? Amazing
Thank you

"Bipartisan"? Dang. I'll have to google that. Haven't seen the word in years! Good job!
Emmm, Pocahontas want to take credit when do nothing but take elephant dump in the middle of Senate.
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/858742017521631232 …
you guys better get Trump in on this
Trump already is.  We need to stop the rapes and exploitation by those trafficking women & children across Mexican border. Build the wall!
This thread is sick! Two people on opposite sides are working together and you all you want to do is tear them to pieces. Grow the hell up!
Pardon the use of "you" two times.  Blaste thumps and auto-type
Keep Rubio in front of you. In the trenches Rubio will exit stage left.
U r so blind & ignorant +rubio it's the coran reading believing muslims ! So far ur for them $ & against freedom! Wipe us out ur next
Wow, my Senator @marcorubio finally did something I support!
Ms Warren we have jungles of poverty where peep live Why &the rest are not concern with that?You think its fair we Black are not paid compen
I was watching do cu on LA riots. My question is where did the money come for other 2 invade Black I say paid  Interment Indians were compen
The greatest offender's of slavery are Muslims.
I'm from Chicago and I voted for Trump you want to see my brain what is wrong with you you need to go see a psychiatrist
OMG - a Dem and a Republican signed off on a bill??? This should be the norm. What else can u agree on? Surprise us.
Wait now, we're you the open borders people?
How's that going to work Hiawatha?America going cashless? More slaves today than EVER in history.Put that feather in your cap.
If Elizabeth Warren is involved I don't trust it one bit
Alright, right direction, finally learning what Bipartisan means. Good Job!
But this is why it seldom occurs. You seem to be very passive aggresive here. Not very bipartisan, is it?
She's not bipartisan usually, what else the fuck do you want me to say?
I can sense you're becoming a bit tense now from the profanity. Why not take a breather and get back to me when your EO gets signed, eh?
She's not Bipartisan whether I say it in a profanic way or not.
You see, now you're going back on what you said. Take a few. Chill out. You won't solve the problems by being on the offence
Good to see Marco Rubio doing something positive. Even a broken clock, yadda yadda... first bipartisan thing I have seen in a very long time
bipartisan cooperation!  Love it!
Great work. Thank you two for being actual productive members of congress.
Good to see Congress still working together...at times.
Donnie is going to get cranky. Can't wait for the Twitter rant
Little Senator Rubio has no core- can't be trusted #aturncoat!
They don't need banks, they have bit coin!
Please do not lose sight of the Russian intervention in our election. The electoral college has outlived its usefulness as per the election.
Isn't that what the RICO statute supposed to do? If it closes loopholes I'm with both of you. If not it's a political move for 2020
I applaud the effort. Having lived near a house & having shut down houses in my central MN community due to illegal drugs, guns, &
sex trafficking, they didn't seem to use banks. They wanted to have cash for quick buy, sales, or get away. These houses were kept open by
a 7th Judicial District judge & husband who had an apparent C4D scam. They knew where the $$ they received each month came from.
People in power, who abuse it, need to be held accountable for damaged lives & damaged neighborhoods. Still working for justice on this.
Get it, senator! Less partisanship and more progress 
If we know who these traffickers are then why not just arrest them?
Start arresting the buyers--they do with drug deals. Why not in this case? Oh, yeah, because white men are in charge of our country.
Almost of the people being trafficked are actually the ones paying so they can come here because once they do (illegally) they can stay
@marcorubio Good to hear Demo/Repub working "together" for a change.
Well where were you during the Obummer, Bush & Clinton era???? I guess it wasn't important to you then, so why now? #TrumpTrain
She was first elected in 2012. Does your internet connection only allow you to post nonsense on twitter and not research?
What else to say, but you go, girl!
What? You're actually working with a republican?
Invade & revoke permits of small, private massage parlors/spas aka brothels! Citing health code violations are slaps on the wrists!
I would say that it is none of your F-ing business. Are you human?
No, hahaha, she's not in favor of the wall!
finally getting @marcorubio to do something bipartisan nice!
Yeah with Sessions he seems to care more about weed than people.
Don't be surprised he enjoy weed - #hypocritesthemall
Does this mean less money for you Squaw Face Warren...
Now let's see if the @GOP have any humanity & decency at all. If they vote it down, we know they've completely gone off the cliff.
Let's see if Warren will support a wall on the Mexican border that would stop human trafficking and sexual exploitation of women & children.
This also includes children for the sex trade.
How about you and Sen. Rubio co-sponsor S.66 Disabled Veteran Tax Termination Act! Allow CH61 Retirees collect their earned retirement.
Would love to hear "bipartisan" more. @TheDemocrats @GOP
Unfortunately to leftist Dems, "bipartisan" means despite the fact that you won, you must do what we want even if it is unconstitutional.
um why Marco? He's Team Trump. And you know what? WE DON'T CARE what you did. Not after how YOU even treat President Obama recently.
Focus on the bill...thats what matters
Well, finally something that both parties can get behind.
, why do you think it's okay for kids to die of drug overdoses knowing full well that you can help stop it by building a wall?
RT @FreetheSlaves @ACAMS_AML
There's literally nothing to say except "Good, human tracking is bad," and yet look at the comments. Everyone on the internet's a genius.
I know you don't care how about drug traffic across our Southern border and kids dying but a lot of other people do. Build the wall
Hope it's actually discussed in a non-partisan manner.
I asked Senator Cruz about 14 billion dollars that we can get to build the wall from El Chapo.
Super Good!
