
is that all you got?

I mean is that your only line of insults.  Does the senator really make you that nervous?
Trumpsupporters, Memes and Rhetoric one-liners, literally all they have in them
trump won. It's hard weaning people off of 8 yrs of Obama carnage and mayhem. Get used to it.
living in your own world friend
what is reality?  trump didn't win, the left promotes free speech, and CNN is real news?
how!
YES IT WILL!  ISIS LOVES THIS.
please for the love of god draw up Impeachment and criminal charges now before we all get kille!
please, tell us what Trump has done illegal? Did he kill Americans extrajudicially? That was Obama.
because of his ineptitude a Navy Seal and a child died but nice try bot 
girl-- I am ALL about it. But I would like some 'splanin' re: #BenCarson approval. There's gotta be a good reason bc I trust you.
she wrote explanation on her FB. Basically,  she has to chose her battles.
if ur listening 2 @PodSaveAmerica (u shld!) Strong argument for dems 2 vote down every nominee.
that's what I was hoping for. We need dems to have a backbone now more than ever.
you wouldn't know 'nonpartisan' if it crawled up and bit you on the rear end
When a Dem. says a non-partisan expert, you can bet the HOUSE that expert is in the bag for the Dems. !!!
dems are taking a day off again. They are being paid to be storm trooper protest organizers. Lib hitler youth mayhem! Free speech
there is no way possible vetting people who cross our borders could HURT national security.  ARE YOU BATSHIT CRAZY Fauxcahontas?
Look into the business of becoming a DOG CATCHER, lying, loser! "You cannot fool all the people all of the time!" We're onto you!
You need to argue that the wall is a waste of money. We are better off giving that money to @NASA. Tell that to @POTUS #USA
@POTUS says it's not a ban it's extreme vetting for national security. Should we not vet people we allow into the #USA?
@rsimet1 pow wow pow wow Pocahontas
she rather show truth and culture above ignorance of nazis Clinton trump or R U a #legacyforlife co bushdid911 fan

#protest #theheritagefoundation for writing the #MuslimBan law.  Racists who want a white only, their type of Christian only #USA
did you protest when Obama banned Iraqi's for 6 months? Oh that's right-it was ok then #hypocrite
@DanScavino nonpartisan but true Alinskyite
One issue or maybe the issue is that Fox followers have NO IDEA WHAT THE FACTS ARE. THEY THINK THERE IS NO VETTING.
You are such a dishonest fool. You will not be re-elected.
are you and others trying to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment?? This can't go on for 4 years
thanks for representing America . Stand strong. The majority are behind you!
THANK YOU for having our backs, @SenWarren! It is greatly appreciated! #NoBanNoWall
@GetBZLiving how about Bannon running MSC & Joint Chiefs out? How about evil GOP agenda & Gag orders?
Doubt their nonpartisan
This is out of hand. Can't he be impeached for gross incompetence?
@POTUS is a Giant & U & your leftist comrades R squeaky little pygmies. Paid protesters does not an army make. Law & order
thank you senwarren for caring so much about our country. As you know we need him gone ASAP. I LOVE THIS COUNTRY AND HE IS MAKIN
Sentaor Warren, I'm very worried that Trump and Bannon are doing this: http://bit.ly/2jymmGK 
Steel yourself. Don't burn out.  Be in it for the long haul and you will become a shining example of Democracy's finest hours
Let's talk about what is going on with Bannon - he needs to get out!
Speak up for the 91 Cubans in Jail because @BarackObama ended Wet Foot Dry Foot show you care for People 
Never mind Liz you dont
one more year senator and the people will send you packing! Your an embarrassment
good luck tomorrow and thank you!!! 
the list of ban countries same one as Obamas was get over it
We the people support this EO travel ban and POTUS Trump, get over it, you lost.
nothings going to bring back Hilary your pal.so just roll over and grow up.being a cry baby is getting u nowhere.
forget the policy, @potus is THE REAL THREAT !HE'S SPMI MENTALLY ILL, AND CAN HARM HIMSLEFNOR OTHERS ON A WHIM! #IMPEACH #danger
thank you for speaking up to ensure that @POTUS knows what the majority of Americans wants. #noban #nowall #minorityPresident
Please vote noon DeVoss and Sessions!
you got proof of that?
Please SAVE us from the DICKtator in the White House!!!
just what exectly can be done? R any republicans standing up? Time to reach across party division and stop the lunacy
Allowing everyone into this country harms national security. REMEMBER 9-11. Let us never forget.
You are powerless. We won! America first!
stop executive branch from dismantling our system, arrest the CBP agents who refuse the court orders
tell your fellow Senators and friends in congress, shut him down now! The people have learned they must vote and will vote in'18
thank you for all you do. Our real leadership is shining. You are a beacon for hope.
Please oppose EVERYTHING they want--approve nothing until they start standing up to him. Future is terrifying. We need you!
#StandwithSally!
you think it's not going to happened. You are wrong. The BAN is going to stay. The WALL is going to happen.
please filibuster the Supreme Court pick
Its pretty simple. You piss off enough people and they all hate you. Trump has cornered the market on that.
I put a petition on the Add to dictionary site but it isn't visible to anyone but me. It calls for Trump to stop raising anxiety
thank you for you tireless work u do for us u are an amazing woman
which nonpartisan experts are saying this will harm our security

You acting like a fool an airport harms our security
Thank you for standing up. It is appreciated, we need more in the Senate of ilk.
and what about the economic crush this will ripple into...
"Harming our national security" are these hysterical "protests" at our airports. Let's at least agree that SECURITY IS PRIORITY?!
Impeach Trump and Pence 4 Violating 1st Amendment,  Fed Laws,  Fed Judges orders NOW!
The wall is coming!#DigressingProgressivs! #NeverGonnaBeElisabeth!
@Bdanie61 We want the wall and we want whatever President Trump wants he's the expert in the White House CJ
Why don't we just get rid of our borders and let the whole world in. We'll start housing them @ Kookie Liz's house. 
you are a dangerous and divisive figure! Stop inciting riots! Please encourage your goons to get jobs and work for a living!
LOL
you should be prosecuted for inciting.#NeverElizabeth
This is about a POWER struggle. All these loud mouths don't want to awaken the silent, work every day Republican Americans.
when it comes to you there is no nonpartisan
Nice Job Sen Warren!
Schumacher finestine signed a ban on Muslims in 2002 is your name on the other 17 fact not fiction look it up stupid hate r
Really? How about THIS guy's "alarm," #Fauxcahontas?

http://bit.ly/2klbd0t  Waiting for you to denouce ChuckYou, sweetie. #TCOT
@jimmy_dore Nat sec is also served by not dropping 26k bombs/year on Muslim countries.  How about #NoBanNoWallNoBombs
Were they alarmed when Obama added those 7 countries to a Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015?
I've got two experts for every expert you have

Please just give us actual facts.  Before and after / comparisons / and data for once.
Watch Bannon, too!!!
This is an impeachable offense.  Trump has violated the Constitution.  He needs to be impeached and thrown in prison.
Thank you, @SenWarren ! You show America what leadership looks like.
is it true DP is planning on letting 2/3 of current EPA staff go?
Really, non partisans, I'll tune in after the Donald Duck show.
watch out 4 their real agenda. This shock 2 our country is a diversion. Be diligent. And thank you!!!
The damage has already been done. No one will forget what has happened.
#nohillarynoraise #sameshitdifferentday #cubanrefugeesarepeopletoo
Lizzy That is like a meeting of A Ship Of Fools.In the end your Ilk is but a Ship Of Fools I will remind you pal You are Pissing in the wind
please stop approving Trumps cabinet choices. You can't have it both ways Senior Warren. #StandUpToTrump
thank you Senator Warren.  You are a heroine!!!
Pocahontas you speak with fork tongue again.
doesn't allowing people into the US who chant "Death to America" reflect poorly on our national security? #panderingforvotes
Thank you for working for us.
@POTUS where are your comments from when Obama banned Cuban refugees three weeks ago?  I guess Syrian refugees > Cuban refugees?
"non-partisan" what a joke
thank you for putting this in the spotlight and @ top of priority list! So vital!

You sharing the views of "nonpartisan experts".....LOL.....yeah that will be a first
stop fucking voting for his cabinet
do you entertain any experts who think it is a good idea? Didn't think so. Many Americans are in support. It is temporary.
We have no national security now we are letting everyone in too many
absolutely it's so dangerous to our country. Thank you for your brave work!
Thank you Senator Warren for standing up for America!

Obama, Clinton and Carter all had times that our borders were closed to certain groups, SHAME on you!
and some people said.. give him a chance! But we believed what we saw in the campaign. NO TRUST
#StopPresidentBannon
This will help us
You failed to disclose $1.3m interest free loan! Your free grants based on Indian heritage? What do you have to say? Hypocrite!
WE NEED TO GET HIM(THEM) OUT NOW.... MAYBE THE DAMAGE CAN BE MINIMIZED. IT'S NOT A WAY FOR US TO LIVE.
I resent you telling the Congress that Americans do not agree with President Trump's ban.
amazing speech, but the feed cut out halfway through. Hoping it was from server overload and not something more sinister
What will you do when this shows to be a test of their ability to pull a more overt coup?
Just Another Jezebel Of D.C.! #America
Thank you!

Thank you for standing up and speaking out for our American values!
I support you all the way and thank you for everything you'really doing. Very much appreciate #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW.ORG

You lost all credibility with your not disclosing your 1.3 million line of credit and lying about being Native American.
Go Away
There is no such a thing as a nonpartisan. It's a fiction, made up and doesn't exist.
Where were you when Obama did the same thing, where was the outrage and protesting!
Somebody should tell them to watch the @FullFrontalSamB segment on Syrian refugees & how vetted they are. (Technically NSFW)
hypocrite
where are all the other Democrats fighting against Trump? I get emails asking for money and that's about it.  #silence
.@SenWarren WARREN LIES...Safety of AMERICAN CITIZENS is IRRELEVANT to the DEMOCRATS.. THEY would rather spend tax $ on refugees.. IGNORANT
Please vote AGAINST any further Trump cabinet appointments. You have nothing to lose except the soul of our nation. #resist
You folks on the left are absolutely nuts. We have Europe as the template for what happens with open borders and massive refugees
With present state of UNFAIR distribution of wealth & access to opportunities, massive refugee crises will be the norm
why don't you be the first and donate YOUR ENTIRE PAYCHECK to refugees, you know, if you have a job.
Why did you approve Carson for HUD? Why? Your explanation made no sense.
we're with u.  RESIST!
does anyone see how roles are reversed now. US is run by fascists, Germany a generous humanitarian nation.  Shame on us!
nonpartisan lol
#BuildTheWall #NoRefugees #AmericaFirst
We can't take you too seriously after you took the path of claiming you are native American to gain a free Harvard education. Sad
We need more GOPers to speak up and speak out! "Libtards"/Dems are being disregarded
there needs to be greater level dialogue on the changes to the NSC Principals meeting.  Our military needs a voice!
TY, Sen. I oft disagree w you (respectfully) but appreciate the fervor w which you rep MA, both on this (we agree) & other issues
