we as Americans should stop giving  Europe a free ride
Why didn't you give a dam about this when Obama was president?
Sent Warren keep up the great work keep it 
Actually, if you were paying attention, you would see that the african invasion of "refugees" flooding Europe is the biggest destabilizer
I will never vote for you now. You are pushing this Russia hacked the election propaganda with no evidence. You are no progressive
She's fought for so much, you need to look the info up & get informed on reality not lies!
“@SenWarren: We reaffirmed need to strengthen Europe's capabilities against Russia's aggressive & destabilizing activities thr/out Europe.”
You're just another chickenhawk aren't you?
Talk to Obama, Kerry and Clinton about destabilizing activities they did it!
Obama said Russia is not a threat. You minions agreed. Now they're still a threat and you finally realized it. A bit slow, aren't you?
Please run for president
How about Europe finding the 2.8 billion from us they lost they can buy alot of protection from that
Oh so that's why Killary sold them 20% of our uranium... #goodidea 
Another Trumps lie. U can't believe everything someone says bc u like him. Search till u find the truth & what really did or didn't happen.
Lie huh? Another misinformed Libtard. Here you go:
Fuck Russia we need to focus on North Korea
Shut up!
Please denounce Trump act of traition for thanking Putin for expulsing 755 from embassy
Hawk!
SENATOR IF RUSSIA WAS REALLY OUR ENEMY THEY WOULD NOT OF SANCTIONS ON DPRK!
"Would not of sanctions"? Can you elaborate?
Let Europe take care of itself...Our military can't fight against everybody's enemies. 2 decades in an undeclared war. Get our troops out!
After all, who needs allies anyway?
Yeah, it's so 20th century...
Yeah and when someone says what do we need to do. U will say well-- we need a special council
Make them do it themselves, they invited the problem in, now you want us to clean up the mess,what a hypocrite you are.NON NATIVE
In case you haven't noticed, Western Europe is a disaster, while Eastern Europe is quite stable by comparison.
Why isn't Europe capable of strengthening their own capabilities!  This type of thinking is old and doesn't work!  Warren brings old ideas
Bring our troops home, stop wasting the taxpayers money over sea's.
Sure you did
Obama Is Returning To Politics This Fall, And Trump Isn't Going To Like It - Newsweek
Shameful to watch how such "progressive" democrat fallen into ilk of Russophobes, although nowadays Democrats and Russophobes are synonyms.
Another liberal lunatic response from #NutbagWarren.   Brings ZERO intelligence & ZERO credibility she it comes to global affairs!  Loser!
@FEC please investigate this senator. Appears a $1051 car payment made from campaign fund in a state she doesn't represent.
Kind of like Putin taking over Crimea while our Nobel Peace winning DEMOCRAT President did NOTHING!
No joke, after all, they made me vote for Trump!
Why don't Europeans  strengthen THEMSELVES especially against Muslim invasion and aggression.There are more Muslims in Europe than Riussians
Is that Russia aggressive & destabilizing activities in throughout Europe? It looks more like Islamic immigrants!
@SenWarren has a Russian fetish.
We arnt worried about "Europe's capabilities against Russia's aggressive & destabilizing activities throughout Europe."
Reaffirming doesn't do anything. What would you actually do to fix or help anything? The answer is absolutely nothing.
What is going on with Manchin? Please tell me this is a rumor.
Now find a way to strengthen americs capabilities against Trump's aggressive and reckless actions.
You are a Massachusetts senator!! Get home singalong and do your job!
Which Trump unlike Obama is clearly doing. Ready to switch parties Ms. War Hawk??
Besides Ukraine, what aggressive activities?
Do you need Russia as the enemy in order to propp up arms sales?
2 bad u didn't listen to Mitt when he told u.  u just laughed. U are a horrible lying Senator. Lucky for u it's hard to find 1 that's not
Hi how are you.. hi HOW are you.. hi HOW are you.. POCAHONTAS
I think that he is setting up a smoke screen w N Korea to hide his secret agenda in the US. Health care, human rights please help stop hi
Bingo.
Nice words...no real valued action
Hey Lizzie how about North Korea!
So why did you support @BarrackObara removing the missile shield in Europe?
someone has been daydreaming in contracts 1
Is this a quote from Truman in 1947?
yeah too bad obama looked the other way for 8 years
Think you should be looking at the real threat! Islamic State marching across Europe unchecked! Instead of Russian collusion narrative!
And Venezuela
Any thoughts on Korea as well?
You & the globalist shave already destroyed Europe. Keep your eye on destroying America. You and your buddies are doing a fine job at it.
Nah, Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles aren't a threat at all....
Your job is to change the toilet paper in Susan Collins private water closet, you have nothing to do with diplomacy you dipstick jellyfish.
So happy to see that while u r on another vacation. U keep up with latest news. N K stupid. Eastern Europe was last yr.
Hey clueless. The latest headlines are about N. Korea.
What about if you political party focus more in solving the problem that Trump represent for our nation and you focus in Europe later

How do you breathe with your up so far up your ass
DA....
News is in ....that all dnc info was leaked check it out..not hacked
Instead of saber rattling, Liz shakes her rattle. An adult baby
Liz, any thoughts about the Muslim aggressive & destabilizing activities in Europe? How about term limits for you and ur career politicians?
That is a very very worn out record .
And don't worry about those millions of military aged migrants flooding into Europe. Nothing destabilizing there. Nope. Russia's the threat
Pocahontas speaks... but the world could care less...
#NorthKoreaNukes???
What scripted dumb arse babble is this Chief?
It's about time Europe strengthend capabilities on thier own.
Russia is not aggressive, Lizzie - NATO and Noodleman's gang are. Stick to Massachusetts, ay?
U gonna bore them to death with your liberal logic they're Pocahontas?
Really.   Still on the Russia  shit
Good Lord! Do your job and stop your utter nonsense
Shill
That's Soros, not Russia, dummy!
You people aren't doing a thing to help our divided country become one again. Your rude talk keeps driving it further apart. So sad for USA!
You tell her, Coco!  She needs help!!
like installing a missile defense system your buddy Obama scrapped?  #OBAMAWORSTPRESIDENTEVER

Yeah like where in Europe !  Who destabilized Libya and Syria ?
Yup, that's the answer..... Go do us a favor and move to Russia.
So are you stating that #Russia brought all those refugees into Europe Or was it the #DeepState NGOs stop drinking the kool-aid 
That's not what Obama said. He pulled the missile defense system as soon as Putin asked him. We had a russian connection way before trump
Russia isn't doing nothing but North Korea is you delusional crab
SENATOR WW3 WILL NOT COME FROM THIS I AM SURE IT WAS THE ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT OBAMA IT SAID IT IN BIBLE! MATHEW 24,!

SENATOR IF CHINA WAS REALLY OUR ENEMY THEY WOULD NOT OF SANCTIONS ON DPRK!
Wonder if your self serving tweets impress anyone. You have done nothing to support US or our allies' capabilities. Who buys this stuff?
You need to be straightened out by Nigel Farage! You don't know what you're talking about as usual.
Elizabeth Warren fighting CHEMTRAILS!!
get off the Russian train and worry about North Korea
YOU ARE AS STUPUD AS A GUCKING ROCK!!!!
Lizzy, what about your parties destabilizing actions in our own country? Now you're spreading it across the pond
Look  like Senator Warren has drunk the Kool Aid, too. Unfollow.
Either she's not as smart as I thought, or too willing to cater to the hysteria.
It's hard to reaffirm when you haven't affirmed in the first place! Typical...grasping for a cause! Feeling threatened Lizzie?
Russia is Europes problem, not ours.
Does "reaffirming" mean anything specific, or just more politically-oriented talk?
what about some of these refugees wrecking Havoc on Europe!!
Have you done the same to reaffirm South Korea's capabilities.
Seems like you should be home doing the job you were elected to do - represent
Still with the Russia crap you're off point Pocahontas the topic is now North Korea the country Obama knew had nuclear capabilities in 2013
"we" 
Elizabeth you are corrupt and too angry to lead
Quite frankly Europe needs to protect itself from your country my dear...sort it out will you please

Amen
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @jessebwatters @kimguilfoyle @GregGutfeldShow @RealJamesWoods @HillaryClinton Hey Lizzy did you make your deal
Be quiet woman your irrelevant!
Surely her bunker will keep her safe from NK attack. But her Native American heritage will keep her & family alive.
Stop tweeting and start working for mass.  You don't have a national job you have a local ma job. Ted Kennedy is rolling in his grave
I remember when dido was really popular, how do you feel about Trump's dido tweets my conservative colleague
Did you sign "Fake Indian Peace Treaty"? Great photo 4 your office; bare chested Vladimir on horseback, photoshopped w war bonnet & spear.
Shut up Pocahontas!
Germany is doing some damage as well
Russia?  You been following the investigation?
That Russia horse is dead. No need to beat it.
The only trouble is that Russia has already paid off Trump and it is much easier with that Rat Fink. Because he can be bought like the GOP.
What about our aggressive and destabilizing president? What recourse do we have?
Doesn't look like we have any w that idiot & farce as a president...
There's bigger shit going on...that horse you're beating has been dead a while.
AAuuu
So why didn't we follow through with the missile defense system in Poland after former President Obama took office?
Huh?  How about North Korea?
#TermLimits
Hello, betrayer warren. You didn't help @NoDAPL but are jumping on the #Russiagate trumpwagon? Shame on you.
Meanwhile Trumps on to destabilizing US
How so?
What ate we gonna do now about China, thanks to our Supreme Leader?
Oh now we care. The American People needed this during the election not concerts and nasty women.
How much money are you going to personally make? #hypocrite
...and South America, and North America.
Russia is what you are worried about?
Great, but:
1. Who is we? (Trump, Dem Senate, GOP Senate?)
2. What kind of capabilities? (military, intelligence, etc.)
You should be more worried about the refugees ruining Europe.
Why? It wasn't a problem the last 8 years.
Trying to instigate a war w/ a nuclear power senator. Stop poking the bear or it will bite back your not dealing with republicans here
I think EU needs to help USA against Russia's control of the WH. USA first needs to sort get rid of Trump
#TrumpIsPutinsBitch
Propaganda
Yes it is, an boy is it GOOD!
Thank you, Senator. Where do you get the energy to do the traveling + handle rigorous daily schedule? Amazing woman. Leadership!
Who is We?? You'er not running off your mouth again are you? You embarrassed a whole Indian Nation last time.
Just funneling our tax dollars into the war complex
Violence is a http://disease.You  dont cure it,by spreading it further.An eye for an eye makes the world go blind.NATO isn't the answer.
Yo Pocahontas!
Again; Didn't you sign on to a sanctions package that our European allies regard as borderline insane and destabilizing?
hope you're doing it in America too.
You probably should've talked to @MittRomney about this. Say in 2012. But those 1980s sitcom reruns are funny af (as fuck).
We've reaffirmed the need to strengthen America's capabilities against democrats aggressive and destabilizing activities throughout AMERICA
You're really tossing away your street cred with all this Russia nonsense.  Sigh....
Which street cred?!
Why should we strengthen their capabilities?  Let them do it.
And forget about the migrants that are destroying Europe as we speak. YOU ARE SO SICK ITS FRIGHTENING !
POCAHONTAS !
Um mm...u do realize unstable countries are unstable because of war,dictators and other issues
My comment referred to Russia, not N. Korea or Venisualia .
Wow so out of touch! Every day you embarrass yourself more!
Who the hell is "we". All you do is obstruct and whine.
Please help us get rid of this president!!!  He's insane!!!
