Affordable? What planet are you living on? ACA is good for people who pay nothing! Can't wait to see you voted out in 2018!
Say good bye bye to these loser people. They will be voted out.
Hey Liawatha, define affordable! Do you lie about everything?
Obamacare had made insurance less and less affordable since it's inception. Wake up (or stop lying) Senator.
That is not a fact. Costs rose at their slowest rate in 30 years.

Research why... then get back to me.
Dems more worried about keeping the Obama alter intact than what's best for the people. Sick worship of this man rules their party.
Hey Liz, it's not affordable and rates are climbing.  Everything you tweet is a lie.
Hon, your rates will go up 20% a year.
When is that
Starting next year if this passes. Employer based coverage is also not mandated
Show any graph you want. O-care is failing and turning into a one payer system! That's not what right!  I'll worry about paying for my own!
Nope. Before Repubs actively began sabotaging it in May, markets were stabilizing and enrollment was up.
Until you get honest w yourself you have no credibility.havr a nice noght

Since when is it affordable??
not sure what planet you are living on but where I live we can't afford the Obamacare (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvtsv 
They are not affordable at all, what the fuck are you talking about?
I think that the insurance affordable  part of the ACA was fake news from the first. Try to fool us with a new talking point.
it WAS affordable for my family BEFORE Ocare now I CAN'T see a doctor w/ 9k/yr premium & 6k deduct like many mid class but what do you care?
AFFORDABLE FOR EVERYONE???  Ours is unaffordable plus got notice it ends in DEC. How is yours, want to switch? Disgusting!!!!
Not all of the ACA is bad, but it definitely needs work. People are angry when politicians pretend it's effective. It's not.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1524712967604926&id=158924294183807 …
Both bills are unconstitutional!!
Hahahahaha, that's a good one! DIdn't know you had a sense of humor.
ACA not affordable for everyone. Hours/wages cut,  6.5 Mill paying $3B Penalties. Use  it yourself & get back to us.
Not affordable to me. Premium is higher than my mortgage, deductible & copays ensure that I can't afford to use it. Thanks so much.
Not affordable
Wait. What!? Trump should repeal the special exemption for congress & staff from ACA & then you frauds will do something about it.
I pay $750 p/m with a $9,500 deductible for just me...And I'm healthy. How in the HELL is that affordable? You are a LIAR!
You do understand that the whole uproar right now is because the ACA isn't affordable for everyone, right? Right?
Hey Fauxcahontas from the lyingho tribe.
NOT Everyone, You are a Senator for goodness sake and you don't know this?
It was more "affordable" before ACA
Bullshit! My wife has lupus no ins, or $2200 a month. With ACA. About $460 for my family.
Nope. You benefit & for her sake, I am happy for you. But, I'm paying more per month + higher copays + higher deduct. + higher max OOP
Ouch. That seems to be the exception and not the rule.
I'm paying $275 a month with a $5,000 deductible. I haven't seen a doctor in over a year. I used to pay $100 a month with a $35 copay.
Did you dump you employer based insurance?
I tried. The exchange was MORE than my employer. Also, I didn't get to "keep my plan". They replaced it with less coverage for more $$
That is not true. Most plans did not offer min std coverage, that is why your plan went away.
It was a junk plan like most of them were.
Well if they remove the mandate they're going to destabilize healthcare. There's no reasoning behind this. ACA or not, everyone will suffer.
So forcing Americans to get healthcare to subsidize for others.  Great plan
Do you have car insurance? You're forced to have that.
I do.  Liability is the only part forced.  The day i cause others to need to see doc ill get liability healthcare
What do you think happens when people show up for emergency care without health insurance and then don't pay? It costs us all more.
That what happened before ACA and my insurance was half of what it is now and better coverage
If it's affordable, are you enrolled in the #ACA?
We need single payer insurance Senator. Profit for a few is not a justifiable reason to deny health and safety to millions. #MedicareForAll
Even a public option would stabilize and drive costs down. @SenateGOP  They blocked it from happening with ACA and thus the issues with ACA
Obamacare was passed without a single GOP vote. And it was Olympia Snowe (Republican) who suggested a public option which Dems rejected. Oh
But you're wrong about Olympia snowe she encouraged them to take the public option off the table
No. Washington Times had piece saying she supported triggered public option that dems rejected. Either way whole thing is a mess IMO.

Too late.  Can't afford our current insurance due to Obamacare
Try harder. Insurance companies set prices, not the ACA. You have been listening to lies, not facts.
It's not affordable & U can't keep your doc. Premuiums & deductiables R tripled. It will collapse & govt. will put us on socialized medicine
Middle class America's healthcare is bigger than our mortgage. You don't know but you don't have it. You are against us & you will loose
Oh really? OsamaCare high prems coupled with more than doubled deductible nixed my coverage. Stop LYING, Lizzie. SenateGOP
Demagoguery at it's finest, preying on the fears of the weak-minded. shame.
Are you using your Common Core Math in your conclusion?? You seriously have very little intelligence Pocahontas
Can't wait till you are voted out in 18.
Where has insurance been affordable for ANYONE? My premiums more than doubled in 5 years!! You're a liar. Partisan hack.
Affordable?  It's as affordable as you an Indian.  Bag it you slave owning liberal.
My insurance was affordable prior to the ACA. Now it is not.  Rather than blindly opposing everything how about looking at actual facts.
Are you smoking crack again moron?? $1000 a month premiums and $10,000 deductibles is not only completely  unaffordable, but USELESS. You people will pay dearly for unleashing this HELL on us.

"KEEPING"? "AFFORDABLE"? "EVERYONE"? Surely you jest.
'affordable to everyone'? We were told we would save $2,000/yr, could keep our plans and our doctors - all lies!
Blame insurance companies! Those statements were based on the original numbers, before ins cos had to provide minimum coverage standards.
Blame anyone except the government right? What did people do BEFORE insurance companies existed? Back in the 1950's, die in the streets?
Nixon paved the way for profit based health care in 1973. The gov is blamed for its part, you want to blame it for everything.
In the case of ACA, the government should be blamed. Besides the terrible insurance it made possible, they lied to get it passed.
The ACA is NOT insurance!  Why do you guys insist that it is?
but it set laws that insurance companies and the American people had to obey, causing prices to go up and coverage to go down.
Another leftist lie.  Obamacare is unaffordable for the middle class.  But you know that.
Sorry. THAT is the lie. Pre existing, $2200 a month or no ins. With ACA 460 bucks for a silver plan.
Yours went down but mine went up in order to make that happen.
Yes, it's my fault.
Well, you condone it.  You think it's fine that others suffer so you can get the healthcare you need. 

Well...touché.
So EVERYONE can get the HC they need.
Except me.
If you fell in the coverage hole, blame your governor. Not the ACA.
Affordable. 2 people $2,057 month. Not affordable 
Blame insurance companies, they set prices.
Based on rules set out BY THE GOVERNMENT!
True
However the ins cos will raise rates to keep profits high. It is not that difficult to understand.
No it's not hard to understand. Repeal
Because your costs and fily are more important than the 30 million people set to have their HC taken away. Got it
Couple jump to their deaths because they 'can't afford health care' http://dailym.ai/2ve9vDZ  via @MailOnline
Their deaths had nothing to do with HC. They owed TAXES - Federal & State. Like most of 2ANow's retweets, this is nonsense. Read the Article
Who Mentioned HC ?
Oh sorry "Lying Democrats" my bad
Yes They Had NO More Money To Pay
Happy Resisting !
Who mentioned HC? The printing on the picture YOU posted.  Why would they want to pay Happy Resisting? How would they pay Happy Resisting?
I PROMISE you Obamacare is NOT affordable for me and my cancer treatments.
Maybe you can tell @RoyBlunt - his office doesn't answer.
Is @royblunt allowed to phone in his vote? He's been phoning it in where everything else is concerned as a representative . . .
Yes. @RoyBlunt can phone in from his Penthouse
Dear Forum, I never thought this would happen to me, but here I am in bed with billionaires, fanatics, and racists! Sleepily yrs, R. Blunt
Only a moron or a liar would think that $1000/month or more is affordable!
ACA is only affordable for those receiving a 100% subsidy!
False.  Eat keeps it free for the lazy, illegal, uneducated Democrat voters.  It continues to force the middle class into bankruptcy.
Are you kidding? It's not affordable for 65% of the people. Mine went up 200%. Do I make my mortgage or pay healthcare. Your out of touch
Obama and democrats put America in a no win situation, ACA will fail and millions are going to lose their insurance
You are going down here in Mass.  I can't wait for you to be defeated and I am going to help in any way I can.
It's "affordable" for NO working class families!!
When was OCare affordable for anyone It was just a way for the government to gain control of 1/3 of the GDP and bring us closer to socialism
Oh Pocahontas you own it and now the Dems and you can sink like the titanic. Obamacare was a joke like you and your party.
Hasn't been affordable for years. From $325 month. To $1145 a month.  Deductible  $2K to $4.5K.  Ya, keep talking.
+116% in one year is not affordable
ACA forced me to lose perfectly good prior insurance
My Premiums tripled since joining
I can't afford my deductibles
SO THAT'S AFFORDABLE?
Trump has all the best doctors for us!
Fuck Jerry Brown.
Ha ha
2/2 Work everything is free!! Nothing like punishing hard working family so freeloaders get theirs! Seriously ill is fine not lazy loafers!
Really? My premiums were going to be $923 this year and I had to go w no insurance for 1st time in my life. You're delusional.
Perhaps tell the people how many opted FOR THE FINES as they were significantly CHEAPER! Oh, yeah, the cat's outta the bag on that one
Everyone keeps saying it's bad for this reason for that reason so on & so on can't you ppl every figure anything out MY GOS
what a hoot to say ACA is affordable. Why don't you try it out?
Quit lying Elizabeth.  Obamacare is DEAD.  Anything would be better.
ACA is done and dead. Start working together to get a bill that helps WE, the PEOPLE.
When will President Trump sign an EO to force YOU and your cronies to live under your beloved Obamacare?
Good point...If that key part had made it affordable for millions of Americans. Instead it took care from millions and skyrocketed premiums.
Funny how it's not affordable right now and when you can't afford it they fine you and take money from you anyway..
It's not affordable for everyone. Premiums+OOP=23% of my family's income!  How is that affordable?  Are we to not eat?
#StandWithRand @RandPaul Government should N
Fuck Rand, that idiot would end every program that helped any one!
Please tell @chuckschumer to quit being an apologist!
What are you smoking? The ACA is in a death spiral! Plus the premiums have tripled! ACA biggest government lie ever!!
There is nothing affordable about ACA - it was passed only on lies. Shame on you EW for not admitting the lies of Ocare.
stop using the word affordable. We've all figured out that was a lie a while back.
How is 200% increase in premiums and astronomical deductibles affordable? #RepealObamacare
Doesn't @GOP plan make valuable allowances for PRETEND NATIVE AMERICANS like you, who screwed ACTUAL NATIVE AMERICANS out of THEIR benefits?
Affordable for who ? The 1% ?
Uhhh, premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed for last six years.
Elizabeth, it is only good for the folks who are unable to work, for "whatever" reason.  It is killing the middle class, is that your agenda
Rates are up, Deductibles are up - who is it affordable for? How about getting rid of your plan and getting on an Obamacare Excahange
The ACA is NOT affordable.  My premium went up 16% this year.  How much did yours go up?
You are really not in touch are you?
it's currently not affordable now either, so what's your point?
Affordable via subsidies is not affordable
Is a big lie !! Healthy people shouldn't pay higher premiums than sick people .!! Unaffordable insurance ! I dare you to buy it !!
They will force insurers out of business-if ppl can't afford it they can't buy it...  like houses ~ sick 
WTF. ITS ALREADY UNAFFORDABLE!!!...PREMIUMS HAVE 3X!!...ALMOST AS MUCH AS A MORTGAGE!!..WITH ONLY 1 PROVIDER IN STATE!!! OMG
Yes. The mandates. The taxes. The confiscation and transfer of money from producers to takers
So an average increase of 105% is a good thing??? That's what yuo Dems have in Obamacare.
Thank you @SenWarren for your brave fight on many fronts. We are lucky to have you as our senator. @SenateGOP start working on your resumes.
Affordable? How out of touch are you?
They live in Dream Land 
It's UNaffordable now.
Lol! If your in a state that has more than 1 insurer
There's an affordable part?!! If the ACA is so awesome & progressive, why don't Congress use it, Senator?
Fight! Scream! Kick! #Persist
Lie here-lie there-lies everywhere. Just shut it!
All government employees need to be on Obamacare. They have healthcare and don’t give a crap. Then will it be a viable healthcare solution
And what about the people suffering now with Obamacare?
Obamacare premiums skyrocketing, out of pocket increasing, options decreasing, rationed care on the horizon. But Pocohantas keeps pushing it
That's the whole point that everyone agrees on genius. It's not affordable
Stay with Obamacare! Only thing is YOU PEOPLE have to but it yourselves! Let's see how you crooks like it!
You are a Liar, just like you are a Fake Indian, Fauxahontus
Exactly how has insurance become more affordable? Skinny repeal is BULLSQUIRT, but the current law needs work.
What part of the #ACA is affordable 4 EVERYONE?! STOP the #resist movement & start working on a plan that works 4 more ppl. #doyourjob #AHCA
Insurance is not affordable for anyone. Stop your lies.
Can't believe you take yourself seriously.
For whom is insurance affordable???? Premiums,deductibles,co pays are so high people are opting to take the fine!!!!
It's not affordable Pokeyhantes!  Couple jump to their deaths because they 'can't afford health care'
Bernie Sanders should be President but you Democrats are corrupt savages.
@senwarren you are aware of what affordable means right?in case you didnt get the memo, the aca is nowhere close to it-Do you're homework
Let's face it, republicans do not want Americans to have healthcare, see a doctor, stay healthy, live. Question is, why?
Please keep up the good fight.
What planet do you live on?
Insurance quit being affordable when deductibles went up to $15,000. What's the point of insurance.
Not surprising, we're wondering how much the REP party members are pulling in for this.
Well, we know thats a lie.  Over 6 million chose the tax penalty.
It was always about keeping your tax money it was never really about covering America
You said "keeping it affordable" LOL
"Keeping insurance affordable" she said with a straight face...
"affordable for everyone"

Define "everyone".
I have a $4500 deductible I can't go to the doctor. How is it affordable?
ISIS is no longer the biggest terrorist threat to the American people. @GOP is.
It's affordable because someone else's costs went up to cover it. Obamacare is just wealth redistribution.
Current Insurance is NOT affordable ...
Hey Senator, because of YOU & the democrats I can no longer afford insurance. I lost it so some other person you prefer can have it. Thanks!
I have an idea! Put senate, congress, staff, and POTUS on the ACA (Obamacare). It will then be repealed & replaced by BOTH willingly.
Of course screwing American is what Congress does, they are all traitors.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
they were honest, they were killers, you are a liar. A coward, a lair and not worth anything.
Even those getting subsidies to help pay for their insurance can't afford the high deductibles. Still paying out of pocket for everything.
Exactly!
Affordable for everyone? What universe do you dems & 3 repubs live in?
Ask an Arizona how affordable this piece of crap is, govt should not be involved in the ins business, you take care of yourselves
Then how come the ACA left my family behind? We made too much for Medicaid not enough for private ins. Whoopsie.
#WeThePeople are watching. So the @SenateGOP should be very concerned.
Because you were instrumental in their election? Beating a drum only you can hear.
You know the ACA is not affordable for everyone.  Why keep telling this falsehood.  It's failing all over the place and you know that too.
Bring competition to the market place and prices will come down. Singlepayer monopoly is killing the country. ACA is a disaster
isn't it possible for each governor of every state to go single-payer? That way you trump Trumpcare.
Wrong!!!!
It's not affordable for us in the middle class!!
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Our co's hc ins rose by 85% just this year. ACA has made hc ins far more costly, esp for young healthy now paying for old sickly. #StopLying
And by everyone you mean absolutely no one.  Get a clue Senator.
You are liar.
🖒⚘
@senwarren you are a criminal!
My 12,000 dollar deductible says it would be hard to believe it would be more expensive. Can you provide better analysis? Instead of banter
For EVERYONE? EVERYONE? You are delusional
And its affordable NOW??? Answer...NO.
Insurance is not affordable for everyone.  It is exactly the opposite.
