What was wrong with your plan?
Just because it never happened before doesn't mean it's a direct result of Obamacare. Private insurance has been doing that to people 4 yrs!
Why don't you advocate for ways to improve it instead of just saying, "fuck everyone else. I only want to wait one month instead of five!"
THANK YOU.
God bless you, my She-roes and Heroes.
XOXO
Aw, poor Baby.
Sociopathic, selfish mindsets make me barf.
Your buddy tRump has thrown half the country into THAT state, thank you very much.
Republicans will do anything to stop poor people from getting health care.
??? Romney gave MA Health Care. Obama Care is Romney Care. Republicans suddenly don't like it because Obama has a darker tan.
And so was Obamacare, until the Republicans were given the opportunity to deny Medicaid expansion. That is why the costs are rising.
So you fix it. You don't throw out the baby with the bath water. Pre existing conditions will bankrupt America. Payout ceilings will too.
I think you should publicize all of the threats the GOP is making against Republicans who are doing their jobs and stand with constituents.
Because this is a democracy, for the people, of the people and by the people! Not a dictatorship and not the Mafia!
Isn't there legal recourse against this behavior? This is not bullying, this is unlawful criminal behavior!
Since when is a vote immoral? Seems tyrannical to me to denounce the act of voting itself. Also it's a vote to debate not repeal.
It's immoral cause they are forcing a vote on legislation that hasnt been seen. It's like a game show: fix it or take what the mystery prize
No, this is factually incorrect. The vote is on whether or not to debate, which would help us learn what's in it.
"Not normal" is different than "immoral". Distinction is one can be debated. The other is partisan demagoguery.
But this tweet does equal straw man because I was referring to warren calling holding a vote immoral. This is just debate and it's good
I see your point now and agree.
Wrong! You are fighting tooth and nail to preserve your pocket-lining income from the only insurance companies left on the plan. LIAR!
If Obama is such a good deal for us why don't all these people that get paid by us tax payers go on it
They are on it.
That's not what it's about and you know it.
R
Did not Pelosi, osama, oh I'm sorry Obama, pass obamacare without nobody reading the bill
No. Incorrect. Obama held town hall meetings to talk about it.
Elizabeth Warren, give up your health care and go on Obama care
They are actually covered by the affordable care act. That's how that worked.
It was a vote and not jammed through appropriations like u did with Obamacare.Stop screaming and start meeting to come up with a joint plan
If you think that is how this is going to go, I have some more of that koolaid you drink, to sell you. WTF?? Why can't people get this??!
And what is she doing about the mess they put this country in..
Not even helping to fix Obama Care.
support  .who cancel  my medical card
Get ready Republicans you're out the door
Lol, your forgetting about peole who once had insurance, but can no longer afford it, like the 2 mil that just dropped obamacare.

Omg, you liberals are sure good for laughs. Thanks .
What's so funny is The right wingers and I quote what Kevin Heart says
Lol, your such a comedian,  ought to go on road with Kathy Griffin.
Maybe I will as much is your president goes on the road maybe I can beat him out
I thought this vote was just to open discussion about healthcare?
Thanks for fighting for America! & Thanks to the 51 American hero!
Millions of people will die without the ACA because... aliens will come to Earth and push them off a cliff? Gotta be it.
Glad you find that funny. There are ppl with cancer, autism and other catistrofic illness.
Everyone of those people will get Medicaid if they cannot afford insurance with or without the ACA because THAT IS THE LAW. Research & learn
No, Medicaid spending would drop by $880 billion over the next 10 years under trump's plan. trump cares nothing for the law.
Trump is getting away with his behavior because it's what the Democrats did. You cannot hold one party's feet to the fire and not the other.
Regardless of what the Dems did trump is responsible for his behavior and decisions...he isn't a child.
No, he is not a child, but he obviously has a mental disorder, most likely dementia.
I don't understand the level of what seems like hatred towards the countries people. Hard to feel safe.
It
Elizabeth Warren is so far out in left field is not even funny
I want your healthcare.
@drhug People w/company provided insurance think they're protected from repeal, forgetting pre-existing & limits helped by ACA
you must have unfettered access, know more than Congress. Good for you
there's no final negotiated bill, things change, Republicans cannot be relied on, so you lose. Have nice night
like majority of country hear you're concerned protecting pre-existing condition from repeal, nothing's certain
with undrafted legislation. Trumpcare is #wealthcare not a healthcare plan,  best of luck.
s and tall it not over until you done all to stand fast forward @timkaine @SenWarren @NancyPelosi  @SenSanders  @CNN @ABCNews.
Hey Lizz! How embarrassing was it for you to not be good enough to get hired at Harvard without having lying about your race on your resume?
You're a professional agitator. Trump won and Hillary lost, get over it and stop stonewalling any and everything #LyingLiz
Enjoy having zero healthcare. And thank you for voting to screw the country and its citizens over. #Traitor
I have great healthcare through my job, and am in excellent health so I rarely ever use it. Stop living off the gov #Leach
Again, thanks for your vote to divide, enrage and screw over this country!  But you take care of you!
Exactly how will you "fight back" when Repubs control House and Senate?
Thank you!!! You're a hero to the cause and to women and girls everywhere! Lets give 'em hell!
Well we wouldn't say everywhere @SenWarren and nor are you a hero.
I said everyone, not to everyone.  but I respect your opinion.
Well I just wanted to clarify that up for Sen Warren.
I am scared physically scared of what is happening to America
Thank you from western MA we know you and @SenMarkey are there for us as well as America 
            
            
Our health care was set up by Mitt Romney back when he was our Gov we $ into masshealth & if you need it its there our version of medicaid
Well I'm sorry you feel that way but  things have changed dramatically so they're KILLING ACA as I type TRULY HOPE IT WORKS OUT FOR YOU 
In fact Reps have held control and obstructed for 8yrs but this is where things go bad everyone is blaming every one else instead of working
Obamacare is sh*tty for the common American. Shame on you for helping to pass it.
Fight for us Warren ! At least we have someone there that is doing the job that needs to be done.
HEY LIEAWATHA, is this gathering called a 
POW WOW?
Oh, so you have your loved ones and yourself  enrolled in " affordable" healthcare? Didn't think so.
Immoral? If you say Obama it's immoral!  Just the name itself is immoral.
Looks really diverse. You're just protecting white people and their ill-gotten wealth.
All healthcare shld be "not for profit"  considering you're all guinea pigs of pharmaceuticals and surgeons  aren't you angry you hv to pay?
Just read patient leaflets of side effects. I've got one prescription now and refuse to take it over the risk of having a heart attack.
ibuprofen was wonder drug tht prolonged life couple years back. Now   being told it increases risk stroke and esp older ppl shldnt take it
Exactly. Can't take NSAIDs anyway, owing to asthma. They cause severe breathing difficulties.
Sending love and solidarity from UK ..
Healthcare and insurance are not synonymous. 
Immoral is Stealing my Income to pay for inferior healthcare #TaxationIsTheft
Only 10 million people are on Obamacare, There r 300+ million Americans. U stretching truth again, Pocahontas! U going down in next election
Playing to your campaign votes when you have 5 star  Gov't health plan / let's see O' care for Congress, how quickly it wd be repealed
Your shaken old lady syndrome is immoral! Free the hair free the hair u hag um oops hack !!
GET THE GOV OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE! FREE MEDICAL CARE IS OFF THE LIST! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT FOR HEATHCARE
OK WE DEMAND YOU RECIEVE OBAMACARE THEN. YOU ARE A FREAKING HYPOCRIT WHO PUSHES MEDICAID AND OBAMACARE! KIND OF A SMALL CROWD LOL
YES just what i wanted, healthcare that i cant afford to use. lets keep it so i can hit a early grave!!


You're fighting to retain and expand Socialism. But you wouldn't know much about the truth.
I bet you don't even know what fry bread is Fakahontas!!
Join the military free healthcare for life!!!  Or how about this get a fucking job that has health benefits like 75% of Americans
The few dozen of you look really upset!
You Wouldn't HELP A FLEA
I would love to understand why there's no debate.your asleep at the switch
That photo alone looks larger than Trumps Inauguration Day parade
We know you're not used to seeing him on your side, so may I introduce Tennessee Senator Lamar Alexander?  Thanks @senalexander
No the immoral vote took place 7 years ago when your yes vote forced Americans to buy a service. That is wrong in every way possible.
Madame Senator, it is not the job or responsibility of Govt to provide Health Care. It is not a Right & the Govt has no business doing it.
Fight the power!
Stay on the steps please. Entertain your base of mindless UnAmerican losers while the Rest of us get on to rebuilding our Country.
Thank you
You should have improved this bill. You didn't. U open the door
@SenWarren defining morality is a joke
Sorry, I didn't see this yesterday, those were my thoughts!
All of you please stay safe and hydrated!  Blessings!
Thank you!
Sen,Why now  You had 8 years in office to fix the Obama health care and you sat on your buff and done nothing ,Now you yell ,up for election
How about a national voter registration that comes with citizenship and birth? What is everyone waiting for?
Foolish photo op.
We are sick of him
Thank you so much!
HAHAHAHA "Immoral vote?"This, coming from a woman who has no morals, no ethics, no clue! You make me laugh!
Why dont you N the rest of the Washington elitists have the same Obamacare as the rest of us? Explain to me again why I have to pay for it?
What's immoral is the #ACA, the lies that came with it, the tons extra $ it's cost EVERY1 who had coverage before it, & tax $'s 2 providers!
Look closely at the picture people they are well dressed its not you its those money junkies that make millions off obamacare
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator Warren!
So instead of doing your job and passing bills you're standing outside in Defiance my my my that's so typical
The minority liberals are on the steps.
REPAEL AND REPLACE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT-ACA- IS NOT AFFORDABLE. IT IS A COLOSSAL FAILURE. SINGLE PAYOR SYSTEM IS THE ONLY ANSWER.
Then fight for American people, not your frail ego. Morality is = protection under law. Ppl now pay 200% incr., while others pay $0 not fair
OBAMACARE made me POORER& SICKER!The left doesn't want to hear from me!I work FT with a preexisting.What happen to personal responsibility?
so sick or you and Bernie with scare tatics.I'm not rich and now have to pay huge copays and premiums.I see DR less now with a prexisting!
I had medical debt due to a major illness.I didn't ask strangers to pay my bills!! My family took responsibility for it. And NO ONE DIED!
What's immoral is stealing money from hard working tax payers to subsidize illegals Alien and those who don't work.
The worst senator and it's greatest liar. Pocahontas. Zero credibility
Now you're about morals?  Whose morals?  Who decides what is and is not moral, YOU?  The supporter of killing babies? I think not.
Why don't you work with the GOP... Obstructionists... You will lose in 2020.
Yes pocahontas, but WHERE IS THE CROWD???  Shut your face, go back to your "Never, Never Land"!!

Maybe  @realDonaldTrump will fall while taking his medication and knock some sense into his mostly empty evil head
Better yet, get on this healthcare like your constituents and then tell us how great it is.
That they have to pay before they can sched. surgery! Repeal this horrible healthcare or get out and let someone else do the job.
Since its inception I have seen friends of mine having outrageous deductibles and co-pays. 2 of them in Ohio; 10,000.00 and 20,000.00
and your solution?......oh that's right you simply obstruct
Taking away insurance plans & forcing ppl to pay higher premiums plus forcing them to pay for other people's stuff isn't immoral?
Who are you fighting? Certainly not the GOP...you're fighting a reality check that you can't stop this GOP train with DEM symbolism..wake up
Wow nothing like the @POTUS rally in Ohio!
Which head dress did you wear?
What's immoral was Obamacare and the Democrats plan to destroy a healthcare insurance system in order to have single payer!
You don't give a shit about the American people
This isn't enough . Get out of Washington n go to home towns, villages cities countryside
Meanwhile...
It is a vote to talk about repealing Obama's failed Health INSURANCE SYSTEM - not healthCARE!
We need bipartisan cooperation.. if you really want to run someday for president start by being "presidential " not a dinosaur
When are health care is under attack what do we do, stand up fight back
The nine "nay" Republicans were Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Cotton, Paul, Lee, Heller, Corker and Moran. Keep calling!
I'm an American cancer survivor who cannot afford healthcare.  WTF are you going to do for those of us Ocare screwed?
Heath is a universal Human right does antoje Knows?. Is not about deserve ir not for money. Is Human Being condition.

I'm on my couch fighting back against your immoral vote and your fork tongue.
The blatant & callous hypocrisy of repealing healthcare for millions by those who are fully covered by tax
why do you allow health insurance monopolies is most states?

Thanks to the Demwits Obamacare has left 290 MILLION without a choice for insurance and if lucky to find, deductibles in the 5 digits
my healthcare has steadily been getting shittier over the past decade.
It's immoral that you, your Democrat buddies aren't on Obamacare.  But it was a bad plan and you all knew it so you kept your Cadillac plan.
Hillary's Bill would have been the same kind of Obamacare 2.0. What are dems complaining about?
It's immoral to take away Americans liberty and force them to purchase something they don't want RETIRE or BE FIRED
Please,  you need to go get your rainbow sachet & start dancing in the street for immorality. Because that's what you stand for.
Such idiots! Every time they don't get their own way here comes the bull horn, cries and stomps like a bunch of crazy unpopular kids.
The way you lie is what is immoral. #SHAMEFUL
Squaw Running Mouth do something besides run your mouth!
@SenateGOP : have you all lost your #American values? Are you all becoming #PutinsPuppet sss or #Trump's toadies??????
So, your response to Send. McCain's call for bipartisan dialogue on health insurance is "Up yours."?  Classic.
Liz a real big crowd there tops 150, 40,000 showed up to see our President, you are the loser
Do a war dance, that will get their blood up
Negotiate instead of wasting time protesting you could get something done do your job and debate until you can come to an agreement
The people united will never be defeated..
A lot of good it did though
So many heroes in this story. 
50 callous cowards can only last so long.
"@SenWarren: We're here fighting back ”
This is NOT America's healthcare!!! Stop lying!!
Fight all ya want the health care hand outs are coming to an end.
All of those people need to get jobs. They're coming back again....in case you haven't heard!!
I am an OR nurse. I am also a single mom. I need help immigrating to Canada so my daughter and I can have a future. Can you help?
Don't you think it is immoral to tax citizens who don't want to have health care?  I need it.  But I don't think you should FORCE people!
I'm not there in person, but I'm there in spirit
Vote for V.A. Shiva and get rid of this lying fraud.
Wow. Minorities and women, must be a dem gathering
Wow, Mr Kizmo,  a gathering of a bunch of old, gray haired, white men....... oh.... must be our Senate Republicans!!!
McCain should b ashamed...
These unprecedented times will require unprecedented fight. Honestly us minions are not "feeling" this fight....Im not seeing the leadership
So my wife and I paying $14,000 a year w/ $3500 deduct is your idea of affordable? F off!
Bitter old lesbian. Get a clue
You are such a HYPOCRITE!! If Obamacare was such a GREAT healthcare vehicle, why aren't all Senators part of the plan?? Why?? #lyingliberal
Obamacare which is immoral to 95% of Americans has to be eliminated. Just relax, plan for your retirement which will begin in Nov 2018.
I want to say both, because you are truly misrepresenting the facts about the healthcare issue. Your position outs you as not so smart.
You're the cause of this health mess and then you want to go out there and protest about something you did yourself you're sad.
Ms. Warren, I read your bio. Either all those law schools you taught at are really pathetic, or, you are a great con artist. Which is it?
It's Obumer doesn't care and it failed!
You mean you really want communism over liberty!
Hey Elizabeth - how about #participate instead of #resist?  Oh - how about getting an exchange plan instead of your free senate healthcare?
#GOP white boys' club hasn't  given her or #dems a seat at the negotiating table despite all they've learned implementing #ACA
Dems choose to not participate. Warren is a US Senator and enjoys all rights and privileges.  If she doesn't like things - get to work.
Hey Liz, do that little jig you did when you were rolling out your new pizza slogan.
There should have been hundreds of thousands more. What the Hell is wrong with you US? Have you given up and died??
Just a dog and pony show
Why are you lying again. Seems to be your pattern. This vote did not repeal health insurance. You lie Lieawatha!
If obama care is so great people why doesn't the Senators and Congressmen and women use it. Oh that's right because it SUCKS!!!!!!!!
Liz are these all your dead-beats?  The ones that want everything for nothing but don't want to put anything in the pot....
immoral? says the liar
Ignore. Irrelevant. Fake ideology. Genuine deceit.Dizzy Lizzy's end of the road. Grow old gracefully or fade and disgraced. Empty rhetoric.
Keep fighting against #Trump and his #Republican enablers. Our country we all love is in grave danger from a demagogue.
Heap big pow-wow with many palefaces (or not) ready to smoke wacky weed pipe.  Me thinks Sen. Pocahontas is Sitting in Bull .
Go away ur not helping
Is it a fight Liz, or simply another photo op?  Be honest, at least with yourself.  No one in Congress is helping, or we wouldn't be here.
Blah blah blah. Mumbo jumbo..
Ask Charlie guard and his parents how he likes one payer system #worktogether
Apparently you think Obamacare and Medicaid is the best and lasting option?
Trump said he wants to continue coverage for citizens at & below poverty level. Obama care has imploded & diminished into nonexistance MAGA!
You forgot to mention the bankrupt Obamacare healthcare system that no democrat senator ever read.
The immoral vote was when the pathetic democrats shoved Obama care down our throats when the idiot democrats had the majority.
Thank you @SenWarren! My family's lives, many friends, depend on #ACA. Keep up the good fight! #ProtectOurCare #protectourpatients
Immoral??You can keep your Dr..You can keep your insurance, It will drive your insurance premiums down by 2,500.
Elizabeth Warren we will fight you Democrats because you're not doing your job for the American people.We need a health care bill passed now
Nothing to fight.  You lost.  Work with the GOP
I wish you all the best, I just wish the people in the senate gave a shit about us. The Republicans are royalist asses.
Elizabeth Warren would you like to pay my high premiums in my $7,000 deductible. You Democrats work with the RNC orget out.We are sick of it
Says one the most immoral woman in history
We need to debate the health-care bill Elizabeth Warren if you can't do your job get the hell out. Stop scaring the American people U Dems.
