Thank you for always defending our rights, ma'am.
Trump is defending our rights. MAGA 
I'm all for gun rights. Other than that, what rights is he defending? Of the average person, not just the rich.
Are we sure he's even defending gun rights? I admit ignorance on the matter. I don't believe I've seen any pro-gun legislation yet.
The problem here is people thinking "gun rights" are more important than health care and financial regulation. 
'Gun rights' became a focal point for the culture wars. No one can really blv rapists, abusers, children, ppl on terror lists shd have guns.
ME: Here is a list of horrible awful things the GOP/Trump has done.
REPUBLICAN: Yeah, but gun rights.

Disheartening to say the least.
It's very sad that this type of behavior is what our country has come to. No one issue should decide political affiliation.
Of course they did ppl better wake up very soon.
This is unbelievable. How are people supposed to survive?
They don't care not at all.
How can such things be passed with all this going on?
When you born with money you don't know the everyday struggles. Most don't want a handout they just want a chance to make it.
It would be nice not to worry. I hate him so much. I know that's bad but I can't help it.
He just isn't a good person!!!
No he isn't. He's horrible. And he could care less.
People in mass should take their money out of banks and find good local credit unions to use instead. Send a message impossible to ignore.
And then send your $$$ to MAGA 
This happens when the rats take over the cheese factory.
They eat the Democrats
...and the middle class and the blue collar workers and the poor and they sleep very well at night afterwards.
Been cheated by banks my whole life. Stop late fee abuse and I'll listen.
My dear, yes it is wrong, & I am a Republican! Can we ever just hear good things from you? U have great Potential,now show us all sides of u
she's intolorant and  bought and paid for...
Not surprising at all. It's more important to keep bank CEO's happy. They won't get hurt in the next Great Recession but reg Americans will.
Hell they caused it last time. Bank of America illegally foreclosed my home. My compensation? $800.00. on a house worth $350,000!
thats dodd frank for you.  i am sorry
your dodd frank act did nothing!  banks got bigger and there are less banks.  your clueless
Again, way to twist the truth
Again we the middle class & below are kicked down & screwed Unbelievable we must unite & stop these criminals
might try reading the 142 pages.
Trumps voters don't pay attention to this stuff, their watching wrestling.
not true.  it's better than obamascare
Just more proof that those who voted republican have ruined our government. Reasons there are checks and balances
government was ruined by odumba
So you're going to help #WI01 rid itself of Paul Ryan by supporting Randy Bryce (@IronStache)? That's great!

If you want big Banks to make money make drug dealers pay taxes and make ladies of the night pay taxes end of subject.
So the entire region of new England should secede!!!(Maybe we'll be nice and ask the state of New York to join us!!)
perfect.  share your dolllars and defend yourselves. remember you all hate guns.
Fascist GOP.  Their voters are so stupud.
You seem nice.
I am sick and tired of the greed in this country and Republicans appear to be promoting it.  What's our breaking point?
HRC received more wall street money than any other president candidate.  who's greedy?
Is this ok with Trump voters is this y u put him office so what's next he making it easy 2 take ur home car or ur life
it's not feasible to give everyone free healthcare.  i say leave obamacare "as is" and let the socialists fix their own problem.
@SenWarren you make me...
Repugnant behavior from @housegop.
MAPA make Americans poor again.
After Trumputin  supporters get ripped off in the stock market -  at least they can stare at their little red hats shouting "lock her up"
Wall street gave their most donations  to HRC
Does this come to the Senate now? Please tell me as still have a chance against this!
#jamescomey said #Russia is coming for the United States. The GOP is already here.
clueless.   obama was the one who let them in.
Damn, now what are you going to do with all your money Lizzy? They're all going to cheat you.
Typical trumpie worshiper, thinks it's okay to cheat and break the law on the off chance that it MIGHT hurt someone they dislike.
Warren you are against AMERICANSVOTERS WORKERS ! WARREN ALL YOU DO IS MAKERICH DEMOCRATSRICHER!  VOTE WARREN OUT OFOFFICE !
Frank-Dodd hurt community banks while Wall Street actually grew. Just a scheme for Dems to secure more campaign donation money. #WakeUp
Why am I not even just a teensy bit surprised???
That's the GOP last time in power housing crisis millions bankrupt stock market record lows banking collapse 12.5% unemp billions in bailout
How do we hold you accountable for stealing a minority chair at Harvard?
All the more reason to switch to Bitcoin
Next time @SenWarren & @NancyPelosi run for President if you're trying to secure women's vote!
@HillaryClinton has too much baggage!
If any GOP member is found guilty of tampering with election results, it could reverse this.  #TrumpMustTestify before #GOP can continue.
Senator, Please stop attempting to fool your polity. You know better.
Everything That Donald Trump Does Is So CEO's Big Businesses & The RICH Can CHEAT The AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Good thing you stabbed Bernie in the back the crucial point in time when you could have made him win MA. Trump is in a big way your fault.
Let me repeat democrats voted to make huge funds available to "too big to fail" banks  effectively rewarding them for reckless behavior.
#RESIST #Republicanvalues #RepublicanJesus #FASCISTGOP #TRUMPRUSSIA #NOMORETRICKLEDOWN #WHERESTHEJOBS Rethuglians
History to repeat itself?  And it's made so easy for non readers.  It's called a movie...The Big Short 2015
worry more about how you and the @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  are screwing us by focusing on Russia instead of USA! do your damn job!
It's time to all take our business away from the big Banks and support credit unions and local banks truly local
You mean like they did under Obama? Where you all gave them billions because they lost taxpayers money.
Keep speaking truth. We can overthrow these politicians who act against the interests of the majority of Americans!!
They forget recent history so quickly. Actually they dont  care about the American people.
did they really? Is that exactly correct? Cuz I'm sick of both parties spouting BS. R they always wrong? R we? #truth
And thanks to @SusanSarandon , we have a 'less dangerous Trump', who would sign such a bill.
Campaign platform 2020 - hold all politicians who voted for banking deregulation criminally liable in event that dereg results in recession?
How do we stop it,?!
Hopefully it won't pass. This is a awful bill.
Do #WeThePeople even have a voice or are we find to be ruled by minority rule? End electoral college, end gerrymandering
Betcha everyone's glad they didn't elect that Goldman Sachs minion, out to screw the average person for benefit of banks  Oh wait, they DID
We know, but know one seems to care. I'm down right depressed
This is why they support Trump, thinking that traitor will join them to sell us out.
Diversify your stock portfolio.
2020 will be too late. Huge recession prior to 2020. Put on your big girl panties and get ready for @POTUS to destroy economy.
Those GOP dopes must have forgotten about 2008
Come on, Senator!  Banks don't need regulation!  Everyone knows they are to big to fail! #HousingCrisis #WrongChoiceAct
That's Trumps doing and his merry band of followers
Isn't that what the second amendment is for?
Of course, all this is to create more jobs!
"Beware the moneychangers". . .
Perhaps you should invest in a Candian account.
Canada's Banks make nice profits too, but thank God they are still regulated.
#Watchout
This was theRepublican's ungodly plan from theBeginning & like Eli it'll cost'm somthng irreplaceable bc #KARMA_IS_HELL
Explain yourself. I'm sick and tired of Dems spewing with no facts to back up the spew.
They cheated us with or without the CFPB
The big are already committing fraud on consumers!A dear friend contacted me about electronic fraud at the bank,two accounts had money (1)
Deposited in to their accounts ,than they were contacted and was told it was accidentally in the wrong account. My friend withdraws the(2)
Money and wires it back to the perpetrator of the trickery, the bank contacts my friend and says it was electronic fraud but closes both(3)
Accounts! Which means my friend can't file a claim against the bank in customer service bc the accounts are not open!Now my friend owes (4)
The bank the money they withdrew and the feds are investigating my friend who has been defrauded 3times by the bank,the crook and the feds(5
You can't file a incident against your account if its closed,that's the Chase Bank rip off,they make their customers responsible !(6)
Next crash let's maker sure #GOP & #banksters go to jail
Maybe if you weren't so focused on Russians and the fake collusion you could have done something.  But you couldn't help yourself so TOO BAD
So big banks being able to lie and get people into loans they can't afford is what we need to keep doing?
Big banks got massive control with DF bill. Needs to go.  Democrats drove the banks to give bad loans to mostly gullible people. Sorry fact.
So, the senate needs to not pass it.
Foxes in the henhouse destroying all life of our constitutional protections
here We go again
Bull crap. Dodd Frank Killing Off Community Banks http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/10/killing-off-community-banks-intended-consequence-of-dodd-frank.html …
A certain segment of the Republican Party is truly only for the rich. It is amazing that poor people vote Republican against their interest.
While we were watching #TrumpRussia those party over country types said it's ok for  banks to rip us off.  Vote them out next year. Banks.
It can be fixed next year if the democrats play their cards right. Personally I have no hope for the democrats even if I hate GOP.
Nothing this corrupt GOP does should surprise anyone anymore, just take note and learn from it when you vote again
Let's say DT is impeached & removed. What can then be done to reverse this?  Or is it doomsday? #thanks
Your lost because your all cheated Mr Saunders
Does anyone here know how the law protects us? Seems like a great conclusion, but how does "requiring" advisors to act for us make them?
Biggest danger in repealing Dodd Frank is exposing Federally insured Deposits to high risk investments. We can not afford another 2018.
Read the bill. It's more of a thorn in the side of big banks. This helps small banks. Do you really think big banks want competition ?
CROOKED LIARS always works for and defend CROOKED LIARS. That shouldn't be surprise at all.
It's all part of the Republican agenda
How can the @HouseGOP possibly justify this??? This is so blatantly in service to the predatory 1%. #ResistTheGOP
#WrongChoiceAct and #NoAHCA - they seem determined to bankrupt the 99%. It's unconscionable on so many levels. #ResisttheGOP
Sigh... so much to restore once we've repealed and replaced GOP.
We need to pay attention as American to what's really going on in Washington agenda is being  off while we're watching Russia
Hmm. Do I hide money under my mattress? Geez.
How can they survive without cheating their customers? Private jets are expensive.
The GOP is killing themselves, slowly, but they're going to be so far out of elected office, they'll be lucky to land dog-catcher!
Not surprised these sneaky bastards adoring that. So when 2008 happens again it's on Trump, Ryan an McConnell. We all need to keep our money
Y does this not surprise me. We r dismantling all the good work. Melting the polar caps, removing 30m frm ACA, polluting enviro. Y not this?
#shutupLiz
@kristenschaaled @HouseGOP 
Wait. I thought @HillaryClinton was the one we weRe to watch?
Time to move mortgages from BANKS to other places..or sell while you can!!!
GOP only cares about millionaires so this is both sad and completely expected.  #WrongChoiceAct
Eh, but Hillary would have done the same, right?
Ms.Warren; respectfully, what can we do? In WI we worked to re-elect Feingold-Ron Johnson won--now what do we do?
The GOP focuses on the top 2% and ignores the rest.. Republicans try to discredit Obama to turn voters against the Democrats.
@HouseGOP have all mirrors removed from their offices, homes, summer homes, ski cabins, cabanas, yachts, luxury cars, stables & tryst rooms.
How will the Senate vote?
How's can they live with themselves?
Big banks made the Clinton's philthy rich...no one seemed to care back then!
That's why they won't rid us of DT. He's the PERFECT cover for them to jam thru their domestic nightmare agenda while we're not looking.
I find this absurd. How have we elected so many people willing to line the pockets of the oligarchy?

@SenWarren: what would have to change?
Can't you just go away?
Unacceptable! Congress is suppose to work for the people, not the banks!
Can these Trump stirrers please wake up are they so blind that they can't see?
What a terrific country you've all become. That American Dream is looking better and better every day 
Thank you!
We have bigger problems right now- The @HouseGOP will NEVER impeach Trump! Focus on a new House of Reps ASAP!  #PRIORITIES or No More USA
@whitehouserogue @HouseGOP Someone should send them a history of French Revolution
The GOP/Wall Street Rape of MainStreet and the US Middle Class begins anew, on steroids this time. What could possibly go wrong?
They sneak bills through while we were watching Comey.  WTH!!!
But you can bet they got some sweet donations coming their way for doing this bidding for their buddies. They gonna make bank (had too)
So wrong  they are just getting worse everyday
While the nation was focused on the Comey interview the @HouseGOP pulled this shameful act.
counting on you to fix this when we flip the house and senate.
people are pissed in large numbers across the parties.
LIZZY better withdraw your MILLIONS then from the bank. living off the government dime are you?
@RepTomReed, you voted for the choiceact and we will remember that you took away all our financial protections. #reedslastterm
Did we steal y'all lunch money or something because wow
Wow that's a darn shame
Why am I not surprised.
It's the old "look at the dancing monkey" trick. We're obsessed with the fool while they do all of the real damage.
This coming from one of the biggest liars  i am an Indian lol do a blood test!!
U may want to expand ur media diet If that's all u know about her.
Credit unions are the way to go! Ditch big bank today and shit their whole operation down!
What is happening in the Senate? LIkely to pass? Obviously, there will be a fight...
It's about deregulations so the top 1% continue to defraud the poor!
Vote them all the hell out.
Been screaming "hijacked" for years. No one listened
every damn @GOP member is a sleaze ball
Luckily, the Senate is busy abusing budgetary rules to prevent you filibustering health care. If the GOP pushes this through they lose that.
While everyone stuck on Russia Trump crisis, the deplorable GOP is havin a vote-fest & passing the most heinous of itineraries thru #Impeach
We got cheated with the $10 trillion in debt that Obama and the Dems piled on.... and we have nothing to show for it.
And @PatrickMcHenry says he doesn't  give a damn, it's big money for his clients and they always pass it on. His desire, zero regs on Banks
@PatrickMcHenry has a LONG history of choosing special interest $ over the needs of constituents. Looking forward to working against him!
You do know he is in a very special gerrymandered district. He passes that money to his friends, they give him safe place so money continues
All the more reason for people to shift their funds to credit unions, financial institutions owned by and accountable to patrons.
Then it's to the Senate to stop it!
Leave your 'big bank'. It ain't going to be an easy thing to do, but technically, it is.
You go Senator Warren reading your book love it. Sharing with my friends. Time to keep the heat on.
Wow
Nobody believes anything Elizabeth Warren says until it is verified, she has lied too many times.
Back to Bushes time what the hell is wrong with these people they love messing with people
Examples.... We'll wait
Shame on you @SpeakerRyan
The Wall Street crowd and Goldman Sachs are back in business.
Pocahontas Pocahontas smh
Sadly, you wouldn't know a good bill for the economy, businesses and working people if it bit you in you Pocahontas ass!
Where's Cliff Calley when you need him @WestWingWeekly
yeah, but Hillary gave a speech to Goldman Sachs that one time or something, @SusanSarandon tells us.
When is this nightmare going to be over?
Repugs idea of making America Great Again. For Big Bankers.
After what happened several years ago and most recently with Wells Fargo, this is a disgrace. It's time for fresh blood in Congress.
GOP is the scum of the earth.
Politicians are souls sellers just like the leaders of these churches.  All that interest them is money. Thats why  they r in corruption!
And we only hear after the fact?
Please help us @SenWarren and @BernieSanders
And soon the @SenateGOP will bring #AHCA to vote. Stay woke
But the main issue of 2018 should b Russia right? Go back to bed Elizabeth we're done with you. You're only courageous when it's convenient
"Yes. That exactly what we needed" Said no consumer ever 
No they didn't.  #FakeIndianForMoney
Watch out for imminent #Senate vote on #healthcare bill. Call your Senators. Google their phone numbers. Speak to their staffers.
Because protecting consumers is anti-"free market."  The @GOP is all in on asymmetrical info, mono/oligopolies & regressive taxes.
And the big cheeto @realDonaldTrump sells us out again. Someone please stop him.
Isn't this more like the #ScrewOverWorkingAmericansAgainAct and profit from it? #AmericanRegression
OMG, Okay, don't panic, here's the plan. Go yell at them bankers, then next chance you get support a corrupt Wall St shill like HRC. #retire
Watch "The Big Short" again, if you haven't already-watch it twice. Bank deregulation WON'T make America great #MillionairesWinWeAreScrewed
People you've all got to remember all these wrong choices come elections.  VOTE THEM OUT!
Thought it already was.
The Wells Fargo fraud - no recourse? Really?
So I guess this is.Trump's version of dealing with wall.street
I guess it's time to find a bank in Canada.  Wonder if they have better protection
And Trump supporters, who will be cheated the most, just shrug!!
Of course they did. 45 cabinet is stuffed with Goldman big wigs. Think 2008 was bad ? Wait till the 1% get rolling again. Look ahead people
So Trumps friends get more money. Think they'll give Trump some $ for his favours?
Bec your shit party pushed bogus RUS charges, you couldn't muster a debate to convince public of ills of rolling back Dodd-Frank. #Stupid.
Republicans are stupid
Well then maybe we should just NOT USE THEM ANYMORE AND START MAKING THEM LOSE MONEY
This is going to bite a lot of people in the butt.  Too bad Trump's despicable acts are distracting us from harmful legislative action.
And if any pull an Enron we are really screwed
Schumer better filibuster.
The GOP hole just keeps getting deeper and deeper
