really these things are toxic and you question it? #dumpthegop
ecigs saved my health, read my story. From early COPD to running 3rd marathon.  http://vapervision.com/?it_editorial=former-smoker-turned-marathon-runner-thanks-to-vaping …
I had to balls to actually quit smoking cold turkey not just switch habits
Congrats! That's awesome. There's nothing wrong with Nicotine. It's in the same boat as caffeine. You drink coffee?
Thank you from Australia Many Aussies buy their eLiquid from America which we are happy to do knowing we help create jobs
thank you for giving a voice to the 1,000s of small businesses that will be forced to close because of these regulations.
@Paisley_Place much evidence these are safer than cigs.  Tobacco doesn't want them around. I am a no nicotine vaper
I've gone from 1-2pk a day to 3pks every 24hrs 1pk & half then vape 30, 27, 18, 12, 6mg nic! 7/7/16 is my 7th-yr!
restoring my faith in government. Fighting blatant corporate manipulation of gov't entities. @FDATobacco has overstepped.
Thank you, Sen. Johnson. I'm not in your state, but I've visited. I appreciate your support as a 3 year no nicotine vaper.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thanks Senator Johnson!Thanks to e-cigs I no longer have a smokers cough, don't get winded as easily & feel better overall!
thank you!
Thank you so very much Sir for standing for the rights of Americans to use E Cigarette's. They did save my life...
thank you senator for your letter to the @FDATobacco .. Go packers!!!!
from across the pond, thank you senator, for thinking of the smokers and ex smokers society so often derrides.
The FDA did not care about the thounsands of businesses they were shutting down! #AnswerRonJohnson
thank you for caring about our Heath! Ecigs saved my life
Thank-you Senator Ron Johnson.  May common sense prevail!
Thank you for actually standing up & doing the right thing for the people! Unlike most people in government. Its refreshing.
Thank you Senator Johnson
Thank you for asking the FDA to respond. As a small biz in vaping, your support is critical.
.@SenRonJohnson Quit wasting time! We need a fair hearing for Merrick Garland and a vote. #DoYourJob #WeNeedNine You'll be voted out in Nov!
thank you Sen. Johnson, I'm glad to see you care.
Thank you for standing up! I smoked for 30+ years and could never quit until I started vaping. 5+ years smoke free!!!!
Thank you senator! As a small vape business and certified pharmacy tech, I appreciate your stepping up! You have my support!
Thank you!!!!
thank you for doing this and supporting harm reduction. Let's cut thru the cronyism of the FDA, big tobacco, and big pharma.
Thank You!
letter to FDA is inspiring to fight against unfair regulations that will destroy a revolutionary technology that saves lives
Thank you Senator for helping to keep this important tobacco cessation product alive.
I just hope this fight doesn't end in us all giving into regulations because the FDA said so. We are better off without them.
Thank you for questioning the FDA'S over reach on the deeming reg's. Vaping will save a billion lives.
#answerRonJohnson
e-cigarette saved my live (I am a cancer patient). My oncologist was glad I could quit smoking with starting vaping.
Thanks for taking action for small business!! And Keeping Options open for Adult choices #vapingsavedmylife
Thank you for proving that there are still checks and balances in this country. Thank you for questioning the FDA.
Thank you Senator for your letter to the @FDATobacco. #vapingsavedmylife
Thank you for standing up for the vaping Industry!
I applaud your efforts sir! Thanks for giving vapers a voice! Thank you from the bottom of my heart. #hr2058 #vapingsaves
Thank you Senator, for your good work! We need more people like you in office!
Thank you, Senator, for helping support the vaping community!  It's nice to see a Senator from WI stand up to the FDA!
Thank you for caring about the Amercian people! We wish there were more people like you in office.
Thank you for asking these important questions Sir.  #Iquit50dayhabit18monthsago  Vaping saves lives.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Mr. Johnson, for helping ecig users!  We need more people like you!
Thank you for this. I know that there are 50+ small businesses in my state alone that would be destroyed by the FDA regs.
thank you for questioning the FDA regs! There is no proof of toxicity, in fact Royal College claims the opposite!
Thank you, Senator!!
.@SenRonJohnson Thank you with every breath I take.
Thank You! Vaping saved my life. Don't let the FDA destroy the lives of many by forcing them back to tobacco.
Thanks for standing for what's right! Somebody needed to hold FDA accountable for their overreach!
thank you!!! Let's gradually roll out regulation! Common sense! #vapingsavedmylife
good job on the vape letter to the FDA. The purpose is likely to wipe out small businesses. Maybe someone wants a monopoly?
You are absolutely the man
Thank you.I smoked for43yrs and vaping is the only thing I tried to use to quite that worked.
Thank you!  The FDA has been running rampant for too long, ENOUGH!
.@SenRonJohnson  https://www.hsgac.senate.gov/media/majority-media/johnson-seeks-answers-from-fda-on-burdensome-e-cigarette-regulations … FINALLY someone that gets it @RaferWeigel @ABillionLives @CNN @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump @abcnews
thank you!
Thank you, sir.
thank you for asking the questions that needed to be asked! #FDAtobacco #FDA
Thank you for asking the questions that need to be asked of the FDA. This deeming is the wrong approach! #ecigdeeming
THANK-YOU! I am 57. I am the oldest member of my family. The rest already died from smoking. I believe #VapingSavedMyLife
I believe it saved your life also.Thanks for sharing. Cigs killed my stepmom too.I refuse to be another victim.
Thank you!!!!!! I would also love to have the answers to those questions........ @SenRonJohnson
Thank you for seeing the costly burden on #smallbiz and why didn't @FDATobacco see it as such.  Thank you!!!! #ecigssavelives
Thank you for having a brain in your head, Sen. Johnson, since the FDA clearly does NOT.
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator Johnson! Your voice can help save thousands of people's jobs as well as health!
thank you, Senator. A proven method of harm reduction should not be stifled and held back.
.@SenRonJohnson THANK YOU!  As a smoker for 30 years who quit through vaping, it would be CRIMINAL for it to end up with a de-facto ban.
Don't let the FDA snow you into thinking that the regs are a good thing.Thank you for taking them on.Make them accountable.
Thank you for writing to the FDA and expressing the concerns of all of us who have quit smoking with E-Cigaretts.
Thank you
Thank you for standing up and asking the questions that many of us Vapers/ex-smokers want answered. Something stinks here.
Thank you for requesting answers to real questions! @FDATobacco you got your ears on?
Thank you! 5 1/2 Years Cigarette Free after many many years of smoking thanks to vapor.
thank you.
FYI @FDATobacco head Mitch Zeller left his position as a lobbyist for Nicorette gum when the FDA gave him the nod.
Please read this. Perhaps more questions will come to mind: http://www.cspdailynews.com/category-news/tobacco/articles/debunking-fda-s-deeming-claims …
Thank you for putting pressure on the FDA by questioning their unconstitutional regulations that will force massive job loss
Thank you for putting pressure on the FDA by questioning their unconstitutional regulations that will force massive job loss
Sad to read some of the uneducated and I already drank the koolaid responses.
Ecigs/Vapor products are the single most disruptive tech to combustible tobacco.
thank you for standing up to the premature and inaccurate deeming of E-cigarettes as tobacco by @FDATobacco
Thank You @SenRonJohnson The @FDATobacco need to answer for the their regulation that only protects cigarettes.
Thank You Senator for demanding answers from the FDA! Much Love and Prayers!
@ecigaretteforum Now we can't even sample the product before we buy, so I'm  much less inclined to take a chance & buy.
@ecigaretteforum Thank you! I'm tired of having my e-cigarette treated like 2nd hand smoke. Would like that to change.
Thanks for trying to get answers why FDA is protecting Big Tobacco and killing small businesses. Ecigs save lives!
What about @realDonaldTrump ?
Thank you @SenRonJohnson for standing up to @FDATobacco's arbitrary & capricious #ecigdeeming. 9M US #vaping voters take note
SenRon I would highly recommend not to get involved as everything else you touch, you destroy
Do your job senator and hold hearings and a up&down vote for Justice Garland.  Quit peddling to the special interest.
You are the worst.
.@ScottSenay  @SenRonJohnson why is this man the worst chimp? Because he wants to save  #vapingsaveslives  9 million plus people vape get it
