You and your cronies created ISIS! Believe that!
if you are so concerned ban assault weapons, strengthen background checks, no guns for no fly! Represent me!
Platitudes are cheap, RWNJ.
your thoughts & prayers mean literally nothing unless you use your position of power to ensure that this never happens again
Your thoughts are meaningless and your prayers even more so
.@SenRonJohnson Save it. Talk is cheap. Stand up to the @NRA. (I know you won't, so I'm comforted knowing @russfeingold will.) #buhbye
what are you praying for? More money from the NRA?
you voted against taking guns out of the hands of terrorists.  Take your prayers and shove them u know where.
Enuf words/need actn. U might want 2 watch this vdo. #TakeDownNRA @SusannaMatte #democrats @zstollar
Comedian Hasan Minaj blasts a room full of Congress members for inaction on gun control http://bzfd.it/1S9Nk0S  
Give back $1.3 million to gun lobby and work to limit access to guns.
How much did you accept from guns rights groups? There's only one right answer--and we have the records. Keep your prayers.
So nothing about the LGBT Community in your tweets...Thanks anyways.
James 2:14-26
you are a terrible senator. This was more domestic terrorism and you still won't outlaw AR 15 rifles.
.@SenRonJohnson Your #ThoughtsAndPrayers are meaningless. It’s time to start doing what's RIGHT, not what the @NRA pays you to do!
.@SenRonJohnson  The NRA's cash and bribes are with you and your family. Well done profiting from death, Senator.
@NRA! Shame on you! Keep your future empty moments of silence to yourselves!
Can we have more than thoughts & prayers? Legislation that makes a difference? Don't even have to draft it, just vote yes.
As a member of your constituency, I feel a more appropriate/proactive action would've been a yea vote http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&session=1&vote=00319 …
f the victims were Christians you would've acknowledged it. Attacked the media for ignoring it. Victims were targeted LGBT.
. thanks for protecting Americans' "rights" to blast each other away. #thoughtsandprayers are working really well.
Says man that took 1.3 Mill from gun lobby.
Thoughts and prayers r an insult. 
Legislation are what victims deserve. 4=
You mean the LGBTQ victims? And what, other than thinking and praying, have you done?
You believe in God but it's a mortal sin to benefit from the sufferings of others. You're a disgrace. Blood on your hands
You are nothing if not an insincere hypocrite. We are tired of Americans being mowed down by assault weapons. U don't care.
You Trumprepublican #47traitor Hypocrite took$1.3mIl from NRA THENvoted NO4banning people on terror watchlist frm buying guns
Trumprepublican $0 funding for ZIKA,infrastructure. Cut GI benefits. Guns4terrorists,mentally ill.Deport 11mil, BAN MUSLIMS.
You are the senator of Wisconsin, you have the ability to do more than send your thoughts and prayers. Do something about it.
Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless. How about some meaningful gun control?
STOP SAYING ANYTHING when you are a paid TOOL of the NRA!
@SenateGOP A moment of silence in the Senate is an insult. 90% of the country want action not silence!
. And you accepted political donations firm the #NRA your sad excuse for a human being!
the blood is on your hands. 1st responders shouldn't risk their lives because you allow military assault rifles in the US
if you care so much maybe you'll focus more on the victims of these horrifying attacks and not so much on @NRA lobbyists.
As someone who does bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
Time to ban AR-15 assault weapons.  Thoughts and prayers are meaningless without change.
When the NRA gave you $1.3M, you promised victims of gun violence that all they would ever get is your thoughts and prayers.
Voting to let terrorists get assault rifles is tantamount to treason. You are personally harming national security. #gunsense
a person believing in a higher power in sky? Needs mental checkup for insanity! Religions/cults(same) r the rotten apple on 
stop praying and take actual. Too much of a coward to do the right thing?
Oh Shut Up...We know how much $$ you took from @NRA. What does it feel like to sell your soul to the lowest bidder?
I don't believe in ur prayers. What are you going 2 do about it?  Take more money from the NRA? ur hands are bathed in blood
If prayers aren't accompanied by action, they are phony and an insult to God.
The second amendment was written about muskets. When bombs and assault rifles do the same damage, why is the second one OK?
We don't want your  prayers we want legislation that would help prevent these massacres.Get off your knees & move your feet!
$1.3 million from the NRA & all you offer are your thoughts & prayers? BAN military assault style weapons NOW!
#nrawhores
Please spare us your insincere  mass killing "thoughts and prayers". You are a joke, an NRA paid fraud. All BS
You took $26,000 from the NRA for every person murdered in #Orlando. Was it worth it? #Coward #HowDoYouLiveWithYourself?
So I guess you'll be introducing a ban on assault weapons when you get back to Washington?
, YOU can do something. "In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead." James 2:17 (NIV)
So are you going to donate to them some of that 1.3 million dollars that you accepted from the gun lobbyists? #HypocrasyIsSin
you're still with the NRA. I hope we vote you out of office.
Fuck your thoughts and prayers. YOU voted against a ban on sales to terrorist suspects.
Sorry, but I don't vote for NRA loving hypocrites.  @russfeingold for senate.
we don't need your thoughts or prayers. Republican like you are the reason this hate exist and this violence can happen
Coward! Do your job in protecting your citizens. Stand up to the NRA!
@SenRonJohnson
1.3 million from gun interests? Fuck you!
The thoughts and prayers template brought to you by the NRA
, your thoughts & prayers are killing us. What we need is #gunsense. #OrlandoNightClubShooting
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT RON. STOP TAKING THE ERA's CASH. STOP SELLING YOUR SOUL FOR ELECTED OFFICE. GIVE A DAMN ABOUT IT!
.@SenRonJohnson Praycongress enacts sensible gun control & bans assault weapons #GunSense #VoteCongressBlue #BanAssaultWeapons #UnitedBlue
Keep ur bullshit fakeass prayers! Ur head is do far up the NRA ass u can't see daylight! Do your damn job u PO !
.@SenRonJohnson Remember this? After San Bernardino when you issued an awfully similar LAME meaningless response?
...#senronjohnson the moron!
what about the blood money you get from the NRA?
We need more than thoughts and prayers to keep us safe. Please protect the homeland by banning assault rifles.
.@SenRonJohnson #Feingold
I'm sure the families care about your prayers after you, @SenRonJohnson took over $1 million in funds from gun advocates! #hypocrisy
Your thoughts and prayers and $1.3 million from the NRA. #hypocrite
Pray for the victims of the next massacre. There will be one as long as you have a say in anything. #GOP
do your job
¿Last time you supported either gun control or queer equality? Ur prayers not only fail us, they created this shit.
Thoughts and prayers do nothing. Make gun laws more strict!
@SenRonJohnson
keep ur prayers stop being a puppet for the @NRA  Ashamed my home state voted for you.
had no problem calling them LGBT when they were alleged perverts in bathrooms, he erases them as  massacre victims on US Soil
We don't want your thoughts and prayers. We want change.
Stop taking money from gun rights groups. Actions speak louder than thoughts and prayers. @MomsDemand #Orlando
Too bad the GOP are too cowardly to take a stand against the gun lobby... Take your "thoughts & prayers" and shove 'em.
How about you give back the NRA blood money and take some real ACTION?  Your "thoughts and prayers" do nothing.
Your thoughts and prayers are with them, while the NRA ' S money is with you.
Just imagine how differently things would have turned out if there had been no automatic weapon.#ThoughtsAndPrayers
You are as guilty as he is.
takes more money than anyone from gun lobbyists. In return, we are routinely graced with his "heartfelt condolences". #noguns
More thoughts and prayers?! Go wash your bloody hands. Ban assault weapons. #NRAKills
@SenRonJohnson
With your record on gun control, I hope you are wearing a Kevlar helmet when your prayers hit the ceiling & ricochet back.
because you won't stop people from getting deadly guns! No, you want your dirty money!
Save your thoughts and prayers! Do something about guns instead @SenRonJohnson
Shove your #ThoughtsAndPrayers, #DemandChangeForOrlando instead of being an NRA schill
Do something about getting rid of the guns. Don't just tweet your prayers.  Act. Now!!!
How much $$$ did you take from the NRA in the last 24 months?
You got over a million from Gun lobby. With all that money you could skip the tweet and buy a nice Hallmark sympathy card.
Crocodile tears senator how about having the courage to reject the NRA and the culture of death
Send the $1.3M you rec'd from gun rights groups to the families in #Orlando who lost loved ones in the #PulseShooting.
I'd say "Have you no shame?", but I already know t/answer. You don't. Off to contribute to your opponent.
Wisconsin will be rid of you by the end of the day on Nov. 8. You have been a waste of Congressional office space.
you are part of the problem, stop giving us your thoughts and prayers and DO SOMETHING!
.@SenRonJohnson America is SICK of #ThoughtsAndPrayers! God helps those that help themselves! That means take action! Or, get voted out.
Rojo, you've got a certifiable loon at the top of the ticket & no 2010 wave to save you. Please resign now.
What more do you have to offer?
no they aren't. Your thoughts & prayers are that the gun lobbies will give you another 1.3M in grease money. #Orlando
We dont want your phony thoughts/prayers when you've taken a $1MILLION from the NRA You're part of the problem #gunsense @SenRonJohnson
voted NO on banning high-capacity magazines ver 10 bullets.  Your "thoughts & prayers" aren't actions.  Need you to vote YES.
Screw your thoughts and prayers. Theyve ibviously not been working. Do your job. Outlaw AR-15s.
Your "thoughts and prayers" may be with the victims, etc., but your miserable ass belongs to @NRA. @jeffreyjonsmith
Can you be more patronizing? SHUT UP.  No one cares about your thoughts and prayers. They are hollow and fake, just like you.
Pass agressive gun legislation rather than apologize for loss of American lives
You take $ from gun industry then Tweet your thoughts and prayers to victims of gun violence? Your hypocrisy disgusts me.
.@SenRonJohnson Because praying to imaginary friends has helped everyone else gunned down by the maniacs your inaction has enabled. Sure.
@SenRonJohnson
@SenRonJohnson
.@SenRonJohnson Your thoughts&prayers have not helped protect the citizens you represent. Please vote to enact reasonable gun control laws.
thoughts and prayers is all you can do huh? Shame on you
did you vote for or against the bg checks that may have prevented this man from buying an assault rifle?
nra schill
Their blood is on your hands.
glad you'll be in office for only a few more months you NRA shill.
hope you enjoyed your NRA bribes
Awfully hypocritical to pray for the victims when you take money from the NRA, isn't it? You helped cause it.
how about you start by returning the blood money from NRA and other pro-death groups? Embarrassed to be your constituent.
pray in one hand, shit in the other. See which one gets filled first.
do something about guns and laws to protect people!!!
Do. Your. Job. @SenRonJohnson
Nice use of the GOP template on gun violence. You must be so proud.
prayers are meaningless without action to control guns. Right to bear arms cannot be more important than innocent lives
you lie.
That $1.3mil you got from gun rights groups should help you feel better. Dick.
We can add hypocrisy to the lengthy charade of qualities you have manifested.  Shove your crocodile tears, Johnson .
- For $1.4 million, from the @NRA, you now have their blood on your hands.
NRA whore.
if only there were a way to block people on terrorist watch lists from purchasing firearms. Oh, right, you voted against that
you are a senator you can do more than pray.  You can literally change the law.  Stop praying and fucking do your job
Stop taking NRA Blood money pass gun control NOW #EndGunViolence #ENOUGH
You received over $1M from the NRA. Will you return that money and work to pass meaningful gun control laws? Didn't think so.
And how much would it cost to buy your vote for sensible gun laws that would save lives? #gunsense
So it was OK that this nut was allowed an assault weapon?
You're a hypocrite and crook with 1.3 million bucks of blood money. DO YOUR JOB.
blood on your hands you NRA lapdog goon
you should be ashamed!!! your thoughts and prayers mean nothing after what you did.
You could vote for effective gun control legislation, so that things like this _do not happen_.  Do that while you pray.
Vote to fund ATF, allow an ATF head to be appointed. Fund gun violence research. Newtown to Orlando. Do your job.
ballpark figure, how many shooting sprees would you say your thoughts and prayers have prevented?
Dear Lord, give me the strength to stand up to @NRA & pass legislation to reduce gun violence
We already know,all you got is thoughts and prayers...thanks but no thanks! #GunSense
you should be ashamed of yourself. Double standards and gun money.
How much $$$ do you take from gun rights groups?  Hmmm?
what exactly is it you pray for? Cuz every time there's a mass shooting u pray then we have another and u pray then another.
your thoughts and prayers are worthless, mealy mouthed platitudes. Stop taking NRA bribes and help advocate for gun safety.
