Apparently Repubs or Conservatives have little influence on Liberal Repubs on this issue
Nope even Bernie sanders said it will bankrupt America
Look it up your self
Oh quit fear mongering and fix what isn't working. No sense starting from scratch and throwing millions off healthcare.
Just think of the good you could do if you worked with @SenatorCollins and #fixedtheACA. Americans in PR need you
3.411 million Americans in Puerto Rico are without power or water.

Congress is awol whilst trump attacks athletes.
The Graham–Cassidy Plan — The Most Harmful ACA-Repeal Bill Yet @NEJM
Could have a private/public system,but you keep voting against it. So Medicare for all is the next solution. You chose it by opposing ACA
Please vote NO.
Blatant, illogical fearmongering, especially w/ @gop control of congress. Listen to experts and your own constituents and vote no on GCHJ.
YOU R WRONG!FUNDING of ACA has taking away from advertising dates 2 join,same w/support in the field during sign up & cuts 45days off signup
http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1712614 …
Reshuffling money and adding even more is not repeal/replace we voted for.
No.
It isn't.
@POTUS
#HeroesResist SUPPORT A BIPARTISAN BILL AND GET TO WORK FIXING THE ACA. MAKE IT BETTER! #NoRealpealofACA!
Then write a freakin decent bill with help from Democrats. Hold hearings & debates.
Has GOP gone nuts? #RegularOrder to fix this! #GOVERN
Medicare for all is the very best solution.
Tell your constituents why.
the question is why are you against single payer?  it makes sense for the people you area disgrace BE ASHAMED
Wish you would be honest and not claim single payer is like vets' gov't PROVIDED care when it's really like Medicare, gov't is the INSURER.
#HealthCare
#SaveACA
If a baby is born & needs a doctor to save its life, you believe it should die?
How about an amputee veteran?
A child?
Then why would you guys put your name on this piece of crap... This is on You
This is the end of your term as senator of the great state of Wisconsin. You failed us. You ignored us. You're fired.
But Americans WANT single payer.
Because it's right for our people, or because you never liked Pres. Obama?
FYI:Senate repealed a rule that says they no longer have 2 wait 4 CBO SCORE 2 PASS A BILL.We won’t know how bills R affecting costs &people!

A yes knocks millions off health care and premiums and copay are just as high. Seniors suffer & others with pre existing conditions
GCHJ will endanger Medicaid for nearly 500,000 WI children. I am still waiting for your answer about how you are going to protect them
Why is America forced to buy Insurance when we should be purchasing HealthCare. Why are we paying for the Middle-man?
Conservatives don't care about elderly and pre-existing conditions. You're lucky you have Federal health care. I don't! Vote NO and fix it.
I urge you to look at the facts and listen to your constituents. Please vote NO.
A yes vote will rip access to affordable care from the hands of millions. You bring shame to the state of WI putting party over country.
You do realize NO on GCHJ isnt unilateral support for ACA, right? Giving states "power" to dictate healthcare w/o resources isnt the answer
Your binary thinking has got to go. Wisconsin deserves better. Those on Medicaid/Medicare deserve better. Pregnant women deserve better.
Too bad Republicans have gerrymandered to make it unfairly difficult to remove those corrupt idiots...
I am going to work my ass off to get you, walker and ryan out. 2018, the year of reckoning.
No, but you should. Your system is shit, and only enriches the rich while leaving the rest of us to suffer and die, penniless.
You are as clueless as they come!!
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/25/opinion/columnists/republican-lies-krugman.html?action=click&contentCollection=opinion&region=rank&module=package&version=highlights&contentPlacement=4&pgtype=sectionfront …
I expect outright lies like this from a suspected criminal, but not from a Wisconsin senator

Revised Senate health bill is “all about buying Republican votes” https://bloom.bg/2y4yXNG  
Good. Leave healthcare in place. Work to improve on it, not take it away.
plz take your time and work on a new plan




Excellent! As a constituent I ask you to Please vote NO and then work towards single-player health care. Thanks!
From the senator with healthcare. Hippocrate
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/09/24/552891450/biggest-flash-points-in-the-graham-cassidy-health-care-bill?utm_source=npr_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_content=20170924&utm_campaign=news&utm_term=nprnews …
No one said ACA was perfect, and 100% of us would  to see bi-party ideas to make it better. NOT millions losing bc u choose party first!
Millions of Americans will keep their health insurance. HOW TERRIBLE!

 BREAKING: Insurance commissioners: Graham-Cassidy will "severely disrupt" markets with "sharp premium increases and insurer exits"  
Maybe if you and your colleagues actually sat down and drafted real legislation

Because conservatives care only about themselves.  Sociopaths.
"Conservatives can't let that happen" why... because it keeps poor Dem voters alive?  because it's not your idea?  Because @GOP is cruel?
A bipartisan  plan w/ proper vetting/CBO score could get 60 votes. Anti-Obamaism is no reason to deny millions affordable health insurance.
or your just one of those trouble making "lib-er-al" loud mouth lazy
foolish nobodies who don't know anything about capitalism & money.
WSJ: Wealth begins @ $10 million beyond primary residence & those that are morally flexible should vote GOP, but anything less: wannabe!
How are Ivy League Skull/Bones good old money families going to create markets/dynasties in an exponentially expanding poverty ridden USA?
Yes,you are supposed to be quiet & accept whatever the GOP jams down yourthroat like a good little passive insignificant worshiper of the .
Why not?  Give a well thought out alternative where every citizen in the US is covered and will not lose their house if they get sick.
If you paid more attention to healthcare and less to wealthcare, you might have a winner
give more pressure on Myanmar military to give Rohingya citizenship and to stop genocide on them
If not req.votes due to @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski  pandering @SenateGOP @POTUS can consider @SenRandPauI limited bill
I wish u would listen to who elected u. We don't want a plan that relies on the states for pre-existing conditions.
Dems have said they can fix #ObamaCare, but Republicans won't let them. It's a con. #ObamaCare is unfixable.
Conservatives can let that happen and work on nonpartisan solutions that make the ACA better. Represent Wisconsinites not just conservatives
Have you noticed a trend in the responses?  You are out of touch with your constituents. Vote NO and do your job!  Listen to us!!!
#GCHJ won't even settle the healthcare debate. It'll further destabilize markets next year, and it's written to be end in 8 years max
#GCHJ doesn't affect the passage of #SinglePayer one way or the other. That is a separate bill, and would require 60 votes
Not a single country on earth that has single payer wants to repeal it. #resign
Yes we can because that's what the American people want why don't you represent your constituents and do what the Americans want Healthcare
Do you literally not know how many votes it takes to pass a bill?
Procrastinating until the eleventh hour is not an excuse to vote in support of a bill that endangers many US citizens.
don't you dare pretend to be a conservative after approving the outrageous FoxCONn corporate ... http://tmi.me/1fjHoF 
You are the worst senator we have EVER had. You make me sick
What is wrong with you?  Support your constituents, give them health care.  All of them.  Be a champion. Wisconsin deserves better.
So vote NO!
Why not? If everyone pays their fair share then everyone gets the care they need. Save $17T over 10 years. No more med bankruptcies. Win Win
WOMB TO TOMB coverage. State run and control with federal oversight.
Instead you can take healthcare away from 30m people? Not very pro life of you. #compassionateconservatismmyass
Your bill is so bad you can't afford for CBO scores and you know it.  All major health orgs against it- let u push forward. Gambling lives
You don't seem to realize we don't get to line our pockets w/Koch bros $$$ like you to pass this bill. Obamacare is better. #SaveACA
Sounds great! Sign me up!!
God forbid we should provide healthcare to all. Wisconsin deserves better than you!!!
CONSERVATIVE RON JOHNSON DOES NOT GIVE A HOOT ABOUT MILLION'S GOING TO LOOSE HEALTHCARE BECAUSE OF HIM
NEVER SEEN A POLITICIAN REPUBLICAN PARTY SIDE DONATE TO HURRICANE VICTIM'S AND  WANT TO TAKE HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM MILLION'S OF PEOPLE
A NO VOTE KEEP'S MILLION'S ON HEALTHCARE, AND NOT MILLION'S OF DOLLARS DIVERTED TO TAX CUT'S/ DON'T TRY TO PULL WOOL OVER OUR/MY EYES
Senate, House/TRUMP get HEALTHCARE, JETS/MILLION'S IN PAY, & YOU WANT TO CUT MILLION'S OFF HEALTHCARE, /MAKE PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS NO???
Since the majority of Americans want the things that ACA supplies,and don't want to have the rhings Trumpcare offers,Johnson is wrong again!
Sen. Johnson has spent his time getting things for the wealthy, and cutting things for Citizens -- useless for those of us in WI!
I happily support a path to single payer even though it means a loss of my job.  Why are comm. rates 3x+ times federal?  Is care 3x as good?
Please Share!
Thank mccain for that.
Something makes me super nervous about any healthcare bill that barely passes, that will be forced on citizens, & ultimately blamed on GOP.
Please vote no. I know you won't but you'd do us all a solid if you did.
Conservatives are only interested in killing sick children by order of the Kochs
Conservatives should work with their constituents, not against them.
Would be great and in fact is supported by most Americans!  Remember, you work for us and we are the ones who vote you into office (or out).
Oh no you didn't! This is not about one or the other. Repeal it, period! Like you bunch of liars told us you would!
A NO vote doesn't strip coverage from your constituents.&please, back up your outrageous clam about single-payer.  Sounding desperate.
There was a bipartisan effort to improve Obamacare going on until your lousy bill killed it. Vote "no" on #GrahamCasiddy then stand side.
Seriously, work bi-partisan and FIX ACA. Caps on insurance and drug companies, they are out of control. U want destroy too many lives!!!
Why? Because God forbid everyone have equal access to healthcare regardless of socioeconomic status?
Also, why do you hate people? I know we cant contribute to you like the Bradley family but sheeze.  Help some one on the 98% club.
You are pushing a rope against the right thing to do
All those outcomes sound fantastic!
You still don’t have a plan that helps people..
HEAVEN FORBID anyone who is poor should have health care. Ronny only cares about his billionaire buddies & their tax cut. SHAME ON YOU!
Yes, Ron! Save us all from the horrible specter of health insurance!
Conservatives cut spending.
As one of your constituents, I ask that you stop calling ACA Obamacare and stop voting to repeal it.
Why? explain what's wrong with that. I'm sure it's complicated.  You might need more than 140 characters so do it in multiple tweets.
Please vote no!
24% of Americans support GCHJ. 414,000 Wisconsinites will lose health care under this bill. Who are you representing?
HURRAY!!!!!!
Respectfully disagree with your statement and position. We are judged by how we treat the vulnerable members of our society. Keep Onamacare.
It doesn't matter as long as trump is president America doesn't trust anything in DC
Tell me where in GCHJ it says Congress will be subjected to same shitty h/c as proposed. Oh, you are exempt? Enough said we won't forget 
Poor response to big problem: EVERYONE says GCHJ sucks but you stubbornly plod along cuz @GOP can't come up w/anything better. Shame on you
So you don’t want all Americans to be able to see a doctor when ill? Now that’s sick.
Please stop the dramatics. You could work with your Democrat colleagues to craft a bipartisan Obamacare improvement. You know CGHC is bad.
Why not? Do you hate your constituents that much?
Even Conservatives are supposed to have integrity and help their constituents: NOT JUST THE RICH ONES. Your bill will hurt your own ppl.
If #ACA is so bad, why has the #GOP rushed bad bills through and failed over and over? Seems like it would be worth more of your effort.
Even a conservative is not supposed to SCREW their own ppl.Your bill will TAKE insurnce away from 30mill. ppl. includng ppl who voted for U.
No, it doesn’t leave us on a path to single payer. That is a lie and a scare tactic. Follow McCain’s lead and something bipartisan.
The ACA is the only thing keeping Anerica from embracing single-payer and you are sabotaging it!
,, the ACA is only not working in the red states that fail to expand at the beginning of the program.
sounds good
Ron you are on the wrong side of history with this one.
How is it conservative to pass legislation that we don't know the economic impact of? Seems highly irresponsible.
Single payer health care is what we want. Put the insurance companies making billions out of business
Work together and help Americans!
You need to work with Dem's .... follow the real American leader @SenJohnMcCain .. you sold out on us Ron

Tell me Ronny why we can't have single payer system? Will your pockets then be unlined by your corporate supporters? Cant take care of US?
Why not? Works for Switzerland France Canada and England not to mention all other 1st world countries
Vote NO!
This bill is not the answer. You should vote no.
Why not?
Yes they can
YES!
WI will lose 47,000 jobs and premiums will go up $4000+. Work to fix ACA - bipartisan, as you once encouraged.
No = CARE FOR PEOPLE and PUT PEOPLE before MONEY
Too late on our way to socialism. 
Got our schools 
Got our healthcare
We're divided
Most of us depenbent
$20 trillion debt
Killing religion
ALL 50 Medicaid directors vote NO!!!
Throw you state under the bus. Why didn’t you work on something the last seven years. Instead of seven months
All this tells me is party over people
Federation of American Hospitals voted no!
American Health Insurance Plan voted No!
American Academy of Family Physicians voted no!
American Hospital Association voted no!
Blue Cross Blue Shield voted no!
AMA (American Medical Association) votes no!
They all vote no!
Thank you.
The Koch brothers in your ass, Ron? Hmmm?
But Senator, that's what members of your party are allowing to happen! You have no unity despite campaign promises.
Secretary Tom Prices wants to take away healthcare from 32 million Americans while flying around in charter private jets
and spending $300,000 of taxpayer $!!!
A bipartisan approach for improvements was underway and then you torpedoed the effort by introducing this amendment!



Well done!
Conservatism is not in the majority. Need to find a way to return to normalcy!

The US Senate, House, and Trump admin get healthcare (and chartered jets) You should be ashamed of harming taxpayers with #GrahamCassidy
Hey Amy! I'm writing a story for @BritandCo on how the bill would affect women and would love to talk to you if you're game!
What do you say to your 200,000 constituents who have health insurance because of Obama care?


I demand a no vote!
Come up with a better plan!
#NoGrahamCassidy Party over Americans. That is all it is for Johnson. MAGA Make America Gag Again
Your plan will hurt so many people. I hope it's something we can recover from. People are going to die.
INCORRECT
Stop scaring people. You are a liar.
Make a better bill.
Conservatives can't let all people have healthcare! Pro life! Really!!!
Because giving tax breaks to your wealthy friends is more important than healthcare for the poor, elderly and disabled?
Spend on military an amount more than next 6 countries combined. Refuse to spend money providing healthcare better than those countries.
yes! $700 million on military while taking away healthcare from 32 M!
we already have it for seniors. Are you against Medicare or against employees not being dependent on their employers?
Because conservatives are assholes.
Please stop trying to repeal Obamacare. The racist tantrum needs to stop. You are hurting Wisconsin.
You are sacrificing the truth for a Political win. Not to mention the children thrown off Medicaid. Conservatives should be responsible.
Hey slimeserpent. This statement proves you are a greedy one-perceter
Voting NO leaves 92% of Americans with healthcare!  And leaves the rest of us protected!
What do Conservatives actually believe in? For 6 years it was "anti everything Obama" & now it seems pro racism, nepotism, wild spending.
Why do you oppose healthcare for every person in America?  Explain why money is more important to you than people’s lives? #HealthcareForAll
