Work with the Democrats to improve the ACA. DO YOUR JOB!
I agree. We do deserve better than you.
Do you mean that? @SenRonJohnson. Then let's see some action.  Include women, democrats and most importantly your constituents in plan
Had your party came up with something this would be worth taking about. Obamacare's failures were in doing nothing about insurance industry
How about including the democratically in the process if u r really serious about getting health care passed. Reach across the aisle please
Consider the #FederalistParty. It's clear the GOP won't be saved & won't stand 4 their voters. Let us know if u hear us Senator.
#KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #No Compromise #UnitedForFreedom
Then work with Dems and THE WOMEN senators this time to fix what's wrong. Going behind closed door w/o them is not representing all of us!
You need to work with Dems, the AMA, hospitals, anyone that has a stake in this.    Work together openly!!!!!
U clearly do not understand our healthcare system nor the needs of children, the disabled, women and the poor. Represent Wisconsonites!
Good. Now you'll need to work together with Dems instead of trying to bulldoze with bad bills.
Please fight 2 get new leadership for the Sen. Let's start a new party. We'll con't the fight 4 #FullRepeal! We'll stand #UnitedForFreedom!
Only answer is Bipartisanship!!  Guarantee if you make that attempt, you will be WI's Senator for a very long time.  Think Herb Kohl long!!
Thank you for all you've done, Senator Johnson. IMO, we need new Senate leadership.I will continue to support your efforts for #FullRepeal!
Phased single payer. It's the best option by far.
Premiums were climbing prior to the law and continued climbing after, we need real oversight and regulation not a choice subsidies v nothing
We want a #FullRepeal of Obamacare.   We do NOT want #SkinnyRepeal
Riddle of the day: who is determined to golf & line his pockets while America goes down in flames? http://wapo.st/2wdOAx4?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.27198a4ddf1d …. Ans: CLOWN IN WH
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
#SwampCare = 98% ACA; Don't be blamed for its failure
#FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
It would be great if you worked for the people of Wisconsin and not the Republican Party. Vote like you're citizen of WI not the RNC.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891327574806233089 …
Thank you.  The govt mandate is a travesty that should never have been decided by anyone who doesn't have to be subjected to.
Senator Johnson, these results are unacceptable. We, you and I need to fully support OUR president.  Please use your influence to do it.
#Wisconsin deserves a far better elected official than one who would vote for a bad bill he hopes wouldn't actually become law. Shameful.
Ron.... this health care problem needs to be fixed. my employer is going broke and so am I from these outrageous costs. Oh my god pleasehelp
Does this mean you'll hold a town hall?
Yet you still took a cowardly yes vote on repeal last night. You abdicated your responsibility to the people of Wisconsin to outsiders.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891722694512824321 …
Agree, we deserve better. Simple way to solve all health care & insurance issues is to give Americans the very same plan as you have.
A bipartisan solution that addresses big Pharma & Ins profits without a 20% premium rise would be a better plan.
We deserve universal health care!
Drain the sewer starting with Sen. McCain, Collins and Muckup.
The number of people that would've been hurt by last night having gone the "other way" would've FAR exceeded those hurt by the ACA
Big talker when the cameras are on  But your balls were cut of last nite thankyou McCain
Blaming Obama, Liberals and Hillary is the GOP's only game plan.
Yourself included.
I disagree
Americans deserve better than Ron Johnson and his Republican colleagues
Time for @SenRonJohnson  and @SenatorBaldwin to start working together to fix ACA.  That's what Americans want.
Obama "Mitt Romney" Care = competition at the state level, promote & get the established companies back into the stable markets = Solved!
Resign, and let someone who actually cares do the job.
Wisconsinites deserve better than you representing them!
No, we deserve decent health care, not what you are pushing. Lifetime caps? Pre-existing condition penalties? NO THANK YOU.
Ron , maybe your cold feet before the July 4th recess vote wasn't such a great move on your part? Opened Pandora's Box maybe?
Sure. Let's see if you actually work with Dems to get something accomplished.
The shit show Lyin Ryan the turtle and Dense Pence
Put the House and Senate on Obamacare  NOW!!! What's good for us is good for you!!!
Not a good day to hear u.
Called u every day, emailed you ev. day Waited for town hall. No response Who do u represent?
We do deserve better!  Now get your head out of your ass and start working with Dems to fix the ACA!
How about starting from the idea that ALL Americans should have access to afforable comprehensive health care?
I'm your constituent.  I called you.  I wrote.  I emailed.  You kept voting to strip me of my health care.  You only cared about "winning."
Um yeah sure ok 
let's see a real bipartisan effort - like the old days
While you look into the impact the ACA has had on America, do not forget that there are many many stories of ACA saving lives and people
@SenatorBaldwin Senator Johnson plz work WITH Senator Baldwin so WI residents don't die!
Dysfunctional process?  Did you say that to Trump at the WH this week?
Any time you want to live up to these words and stand up for Wisconsinites against Trump and McConnell, let us know.
Have you paid your back child support yet, deadbeat?
Next time your party draws up a healthcare bill, let it not be drawn up in secret nor exclude input from moderates.
Don't wait 4 others 2 step up, go and build a coalition of the center. Use your position to make something happen. Someone has 2 b first
UR my elected Senator and I couldn't be more disappointed. Plz let Senator McCain mentor u.
Well, you're one of them... stand up for us
I like Obamacare. I would like a single payer health care system even better.
You seemed to speak with a forked tongue. You stood with Mccain on the podium but voted yes to a bill written in the dark. #chameleon
This is beyond politics and party. Now work together and get something BETTER passed.
78% of Wisconsin voters want Obamacare "fixed and funded".
-- Milwauke Sentinel
So disingenuous, we do deserve better. Your constituents vote you in to represent what's best for WI. You choose not to every time.
Something needs to change. I'm middle class, worked for 26 so far. Served honorably in the Marines and my healthcare has doubled this year!
You, sir, have been part of the problem. Please work in unity to improve what we have.
Then why in the hell did you not have the cajones to vote against it? Way too little, way too late.
YOU took part in this dysfunctional process.  Worse yet YOU voted to kill Americans last night.  Wisconsin saw and will not forget.
I would appreciate it if you don't get rid of my healthcare when you try to fix Obamacare. Why not fix issues with current system?
Your party has had 7 years to come up with a better plan. Where is it? All you've done is obstruct. Now what?
You do not represent common-sense Wisconsin; ppl who HELP each other, not harm one another. Embarassed.
Americans want refund on Senators $200k salary. Do nothing. Failure is unacceptable. Any other job get fired.
Thanks for voting to screw Wisconsin! 
@SenRonJohnson WE'RE WATCHING YOU! BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION NOW! @SenatorBaldwin @RepGallagher
So what you're saying is you're disappointed in McConnell
Catastrophic coverage for everyone with needs-based deductible, and we take care of the rest ourselves, are key to a permanent system.
@SenRonJohnson You are right! We do deserve better than a closed door with 13 men secretly crafting a bill that impact the entire population
My question to you Mr. Johnson is why the hell did you vote for some of the worst legislation in history yesterday????

Collins, Murkowski and McCain had courage u do not, vote Johnson out!
We will never forget u voted to take our healthcare away. Vote Ron Johnson out!
For once I actually agree with you. Can we make sure the committee is bipartisan? And actually looks to improve things for all people?
We deserve far better than you. You disagreed with the process, knew the bills up for vote would hurt millions of people and still voted yes
Spoken by someone who voted yes for a bill crafted by a minority safe from consequences. In secret. U R just one of many tools screwing WI.
Why dont you propose that you give Americans  the same quality of health care that all of you in Congress are entitled to?
As a constituent I knew you would fail to rise to the occasion & would cave to PARTY. You could've held your head high today. SHAME ON YOU!
We deserve far better than U! U r evil! 
I'm far more disappointed in your yes votes & your unwillingness to hold a real town hall! After 7 years, you should have had a plan ready.
Just please shut up! We in Wisconsin sure as hell deserve better than u!Your midnight attempt to knock 16 million off healthcare says it all
Please help us American people
You just voted to let a conference committee make a law that you would have NO idea about; you Suck!
Holding a vote with only hours notice in the middle of the night is a cowardly act, and you should be ashamed.
Yes Ron, we deserve better. Appalled by U not working with Dems & public input to create a great HC system. United we stand, divided we fall
LIAR and a bad one at that. You and  GOP buddies rely on your constituency not searching for the truth. LOOK:
Yep!  That's why you will be voted out.
You're disappointed? If you felt this way about the process, why did you keep voting for these bills? The hypocrisy from the GOP is stunning
We welcome all genuine efforts to improve #ACA, but your disappointment in the process is not credible b/c you could've stopped it + didn't
Yes we do - @GOP @SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer - ACA is tyrannical-no choice no options-smbiz owners brunting the insane costs for all others!
I live in NJ and will be donating as much money as I can to your opponent when you are up for re-election. Same goes for Heller and Capito.
Don't listen to these hypocrites. I want a full repeal. Back to a free market solution. Also get rid of Medicare.
I hope you include yourself in that statement, Senator. And I truly hope you will work on bipartisan measures to make life better for us.
Single payer.  Period.
No, there were a few brace men and women that actually had Americans in their thoughts. They voted against the good ole boys backroom deal
You don't want anything better than ACA so saying this is 
Didn't like the process - voted yes on MTP. Didn't like the bill - voted yes for every amendment. Tweeted displeasure.  #profilesincourage
Senator your base often doesnt know that ACA is Obamacare. They didn't even understand what you promised. When they did, you wouldn't listen
@SenRonJohnson - ready to join us?

Voters Engaged Listening Session on Healthcare | August 27 in Tomah, WI

http://sites.google.com/view/voterseng …
Posts like these make me just scroll to the vulgar posts.
Rookie Ron walked the plank. Hahahahaha
Ron Johnson Voted to take your healthcare away . After publicly saying "we could do better for WI"  LIER LIER. SHAME ON YOU.
u missed the point, people want all people 2 have access to health care-don't want millions uninsured. People over profits!!
Universal healthcare.
Thank you.
Good words, but they're belied by your Yes vote early this morning. Explain that action.
The voters have decided the time is now that medical care is assured for ALL people at ALL times. As our REPRESENTATIVE it is your duty
You hold fast to pure free-market healthcare, when the rest of the world reject it, then label us not serious. Screw You!
You Republicans showed you have no respect for the institution to which you were elected. If you don't like government, get out of the way.
Maybe you should have held hearings, and learned the realities of the healthcare system BEFORE voting on a new bill!
And why should I be upset that you didn't single handedly rip healthcare away from millions of people?
How about coming up with a better plan than ACA, like Medicare for All.
Gee, @SenRonJohnson, if only you had gone on the record with a plan to hold hearings before voting "yes" on a bill with no hearings.
Stop telling lies about Obamacare/ACA. You had nothing better to offer so quit whining and lying.
Shame on you!
Fix the ACA don't end it.
Sen Johnson--stop! You're lying re ACA's failure. Find your conscience, Your moral compass, your duty to ppl of WI. Improve ACA, not damg it
Repeal the aca. Take personal responsibility for your life. Stop using the government to force others to coerce with force for you
I agree because you are an elected official. We deserve better than you.
FYI: Having my maternity care, baby's NICU stay, and breast pump covered by my affordable insurance wasn't damaging to me or my family.
Only 17% of Americans supported your effort to repeal ACA. That it didn't pass shows that our democracy is still (somewhat) functional.
What 17% are you referring to. Everyone I know knows that Obamacare sucks.
ACA is and was working the GOP worked tirelessly to kill it like they wanted to do to Americans! Never repeal ACA just fix it
You've had SEVEN years to come up with a better plan and FAILED. The people of WI deserve better than the shitty effort you put forth.
What we need is to stop pretending that RINOS help our party. Our leadership is failing us badly! They will lie on tax reform as well
How about you guys trying reaching across the aisle, working with your fellow dems, fix Ocare, and return to regular order?
Work with Dems and public input if you really want to create a successful plan!The division in DC needs to end. Americans deserve better!
We in WI deserved your NO vote, and instead you were just another lemming running off the cliff.
Wisconsinites deserve far better than YOU. You tried to HURT your constituents not help. I work in health care & you should be ashamed.
How disingenuous. If u believed in a transparent process & real solutions, you would have voted no on this middle-of-the-night monstrosity.
Show me the evidence and all the data that gives you confidence that the ACA is failing, and not from the insurance lobby
So why did you vote yes last nite? Re-election
You voted to repeal the individual mandate and throw 16 million off their health care while throwing markets into a death spiral. (1/2)
Don't you ever pretend to give a shit about your constituents ever again. 16 million Americans for a political "win". 220,000 in Wi (2/2)
I will personally make sure this vote hangs around your neck for the rest of your political life. (3/3)*
Best thing to repair damage is to stabilize health insurance markets. We need bi-partisan effort. Stop the “take no prisoners” mentality.
Ron. You chickened out, unlike McCain.
Get some docs and dems, and now act like a leader; get something meaningful to ALL done.  JFWebbMD
You have much to answer for. You could have moved this back to regular order on the first vote. You didn't. Don't pretend to be a hero now.
Please stop the Republicans-only crap and bring everyone to the table. The American people want a win.
And yet you voted for it? You voted for a measure you didn't want to become law? How lame is that? You had 7 years to come up with a plan...
The people of Wisconsin deserve far better than you, Ron. As our elected rep you're supposed to rep us. Instead, you rep the filthy-rich.
You voted for it anyway! Spare me this b/s. Your actions speak louder than words! Your constituents want ACA. Listen!
What constitutions are you referring to? The ones that fail to take personal responsibility? I don't want the ace
Oh you're talkin single payer? Because that is what we all deserve.
We give $ to many countries, yet our citizens do not have adequate healthcare. Disgraceful politicians, working 4 Big Biz instead of people!
Then do better, Sen. You should have voted no too to get back to regular order and a bipartisan approach. Actions speak louder than words.
“This thing I tried so hard and failed to do was a terrible idea. PITY ME."
Should have worked together from the get go. Shame on you all who voted for a bill like that. We the people will vote you out one at a tine
Americans deserve far better than @gop waiting 7 years to draft a bill in secret the day of vote that would kick 16 million off health care.
Oh but didn't the democrats do the same thing with Obamacare? Have to pas it to see what's in it.
You belly rolled in the end Ron #fail. You stood by your pals @PRyan .. instead of opting for bipartisan collaboration like @SenJohnMcCain
Why didn't you vote no on the motion to proceed?
You are the elected official Americans deserve far better than.
And I'm disappointed that the bill voted on would strip 22 Million people of their health insurance. Universal Health Care of Bust.
