then tell him to release his taxes
Immigration reform needs to come b4 tax reform
Another deception. Liar and deceiver.
Nothing here for the middle class.

Jeff Sessions is a racist!

As a CPA I ask, where are the specifics, where are the details, this is all fluff, show us a proposal that is more than 140 characters

TAX REFORM?????? TAX REFORM?????? OR TAX CUTS, DO YOU MEAN?
Mostly benefits the wealthy!
Imagine what could happen if congress gets behind Trump! MAGA!
Sure. The wealthiest 2/10 of 1 percent need to pay less in taxes. So, you want to eliminate the estate tax. That'll help everyone else!

Tax cuts for wealthy & corporations and trump kicks out 800,000 young immigrants who pay taxes!
#NotaxCuts4Rich


Microsoft says protections for Dreamers more important than tax reform http://politi.co/2wCuGiv  
We unleash the full potential of America by making good on the "pluribus" part. #SaveDACA

#DefendDACA 

You are a #TrumpPuppet!
But senator he can't even spell tax reform let alone articulate a policy
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrump
That's not tax reform. It's tax cuts for the 1%. Let me know when congress starts to think about the rest of us
Spread tax brackets further out for middle class. Relief from ACA too for those that pay 100%of their prem. Treat LLC as a true business.
GOP STEALS FROM THE POOR TO GIVE TO THE RICH .  http://wapo.st/2wzYJWs?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.94447b6bb787 …. SHAME ON YOU! Ronny the ROBBING HOOD. SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!
More trickle down economics?
Like the sheep that he is, @SenRonJohnson tweets about something other than Trump's most recent insult to humanity. You're embarrassing.
Stop spreading these lies. If tax cuts =jobs then make the tax cuts contingent on creating the jobs. We don't need tax cuts=more CEO bonus







#DefendDACA
Trickle down economics has never worked anywhere ever. Try learning from history instead of repeating it...
About time...get on the President Trump train making America Great again...proud to be an American again...God Bless
Run you are in congress and you all hold the majority in the hose and senate WHAT IS THE PROBLEM Get New leaders if you can't do anything.
FIXING, the tax code is only a cover for FLEECING the middle class and cutting tax rates for CEOs and the rich.  Including TRUMP
Trickle down economics DOES NOT work. Millionaires and billionaires DON"T need more tax cuts. Try helping the MIDDLE CLASS. #NotOnePenny
How about some specifics on this tax plan. Who want the HOW, not the WHAT.  Also waiting for a town hall.  When?
Yes, we need to make the rich richer and tax the middle class more
GEEZ...  I hope this isn't the trickle down story again.  NO!  and no more tax breaks to the obscenely wealthy.  It is breaking America.
And not for the wealthy & billionaires. You need to focus on the middle class! @SenatorBaldwin @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
Tax reform that supports the middle class please
Whatever Rob. You're complicit.
What hell happened to Wisconsin?  How'd we get the limp Ryan and dimwit Johnson....Russ come back.
Trickle down economics will increase income inequality. The only thing trickling down on the middle class with your tax cuts will be yellow.
I would like to see @SenateGOP grow a set of balls and start defending conservative policies instead of Obama's policies! #VoteThemOut
Trickle down economics doesn't work, Senator Johnson.  When are you holding a Town Hall?!?
We need to impeach so called POTUS!
As long as Trump is in office any good you do will be overshadowed by him. By supporting Trump, you support bigots,
racists and Nazis.

You had it. Result: 2008 recession. Along with all the regulations trump removed we are heading right back there.
Of course you think it's right to tax the poor and give tax breaks to the wealthy. We know where your priorities lie,not w-working people.
We need a better @POTUS #incompetent #unfit #mentalcase #dangerous #realnews
#SAD Senator please do your job and #25thAmendmentNow
So get tax REFORM done! Not tax CUTS for 1% and corporations. We know the difference!
I thought the economy was the best it's ever been in the last 8 years. Which is it?
Same old trickle down baloney.
So, the old dead horse, zombie idea of tax cuts for the rich to help the poor and middle classes?
So why did you feel you needed to put this picture up which has absolutely nothing to do with tax reform? Is it because you're trying to
Pro growth yes. Trickle down no.
No more tax breaks for the wealthy asshat. #AssHat
Senator Johnson IS the wealthy.  He'll keep voting for his own interests.
OK then Senator.... GET IT DONE!  Tell the rest of Congress to get on board!  Americans are WATCHING!  #MAGA
i agree we should make america gay again
While I agree completely with you, how will this be accomplished by a Congress that has stopped POTUS's agenda. I'm not saying you, you know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAykOz1gWi4&sns=tw … via @youtube
Pro-growth policies give it to the people who spend every cent, not overpd CEOs. Hike min. wage, mk sal. pay bills.
Perhaps the strong economies of Western Europe can give us some ideas that will benefit ALL, not just the wealthy
Listen to your Wisconsin constituents for a change. We need higher wages. If adjusting taxes, be clear and open about what you want for once
yes then maybe we can afford free health care
