Empty rational. So-vague-as-to-be-meaningless strategy. All Trump was missing was a useless chart & it could have been one of your speeches!
Yes let's be like Obama and tell enemy our plans so they can maximize American casualties
Ineffectual and vague. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Samantha policy he used to virtually wipe out ISIS. It will be totally effective!
What speech were you watching? President Whitmore's speech from Independence Day?
When u resist Trump, you resist America. Go to Canada?
When you support Trump, you support oppression. Go to Russia?
Supporting the President of the USA is supporting America. Quit fallling for fake medias lies. Wake up and listen to FOX and Trump
You must have been a big Obama supporter, yeah?
The party is going off the rails bc you all chose to follow a man whose ignorance knows no bounds. Way to go, Senator.
Trump is one of smartest men on planet. A nonPolitician decimated polished rivals& won! Jobs st 16 yr high, national growth triple Obamas
What are you talking about? He could barely read the teleprompter and spoke only in broad platitudes.
He was calm cool collected. Laid out excellent policy. USA!
Thank you.
Really. I missed the strategy. Pleased if you would explain Senator Johnson
Same strategy that is wiping out ISIS
You forgot about this tweet...
You old white guys have got to go. Not seeing the same thing the younger people see. Losers? No evidence of a plan. Fuzz continues to rule.
You should jump on the anti-Trump wagon buddy or you can bank on not being re-elected.
Another endorsement from a mindless robot republican senator scared that disagreeing with #drumpf may cost their senate seat. What strategy?
An "excellent speech" for a captive military audience, and the Nov. Congressional elections. Most Americans missed it!
Supporting the presidents incoherent rambling speech, you senator are a shame and a blight on Wisconsin politics.
You are so disappointing
I hope those NR houses of reps, sent there by us2do OUR bidding,R listening 2wh R Pres is trying 2do4 America! RU listening? ReallyListening
What strategy?  Can you stop kissing Trump's ass long enough to think straight?  He couldn't find Afghanistan on a map & you know it.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=c_orP5JHZWE … @devilradio
Ronny, u r just as delusional as the buffoon in the WH.  http://politi.co/2vX3bQr .
Not.
When are you and/or your kids enlisting then?
Oh stop it!   Your brown nosing isn't doing anything good for anyone.
Was this the one on Monday where he didn't give specifics? Or the Tuesday one where he said journalists aren't patriotic?
Just no. Were we listening to the same thing? #warmongering #hategroupsarenotok #watchingyou  Stand against the inequality and speak up!!!
What exactly were you listening to?
The speech sucked,Johnson. Clarifying rationale? So exactly what "conditions" must exist for the US to *finally* withdraw? You. Don't. Know.
You don't think 16 years of war that includes incalculable death & destruction, costing billions,  might be sending a different message?
One speech doesn't wipe out all the tweets and shade business deals he was behind!
His speech was great. Gives confidence to troops and Americans we will do just enough to guard AMERICAN interests.
Have no fear senator if they weren't listening they will soon be in listening
No exit strategy&17 yrs of blood,sweat&tears&17 yrs more of same pounding sand insanity MAGA for Mar-a-Lago members?
He is Braking His Promise !! How Many more will Die ??
???? Who is paying you !!  We are !!
Riddle me this Batman....how do we know when we win??
Ask the record number of dead ISIS since Trumps been at helm
That's one thing for sure.......It's not what they are used to.....@seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump @VP @TheFive
He read a speech that was written by someone else  and he looked unattached /miserable doing so. Just a distraction from his bad press
OR, perhaps spend $ on diplomacy or even (heaven forbid) HEALTHCARE for USA didn't see AFG/PAK on @POTUS list of terror countries banned 
Listening and lying in wait, one would have thought...
Oh, they are.
All I heard is that we're sending more troops with no definition of what constitutes victory. How does that constitute a strategy?
Seems like it is basically more of the same. This strategy will get us no further than we have gotten in 15 years.
"We cannot remain a force for peace in the world if we are not at peace with each other."  Ramp up this war to forget the Nazi support! Sad.
I didn't hear any strategy. If he could give a speech without reading every. word. blah. blah. blah
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Our young men and women sacrificed because Afghanistan has rare earth minerals? Only Trump campaign promise I agreed with was another lie.
You are deplorable.
Actually, he just stripped away the fake rationale for continued killing innocents w/ the guilty, and placating the mil-industrial bastards.
As your constituent Senator; I do not support this President who refuses to criticize White Supremacists.  You do not speak for WI!
Oh? Tell me what he said.
#BS
Why do you support trumph?He lies constantly.He is inhumane attacking transgender people in the military and elsewhere. Last year support !
All these #Complicit @GOPers. You, @SpeakerRyan , @RepSeanDuffy . An embarrassment to this state. #impeachTrump #checkthebankstatements
Admit it, Senator, you'd be in full agreement and think it was just Wonderful if POTUS said, "The moon is made of green cheese."
These are the type of people who support the same president that you support
KKK leader threatens to 'burn' Latina journalist, the first black person on his property http://wapo.st/2wvDGGu?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.bfd9bb761085 …
#MondayMotivation 
I hope, you're listening to the public asking you to condemn nazis. In spite of your massive brain tumor.
I need more details as this shows no change from the last Admin and is counter to Trump's campaign promises.
That was dogshit and you know it. This was a middle finger to the American people and a thumbs up to the military industrial complex.
Very disappointed in your blind trust.  Not happy with your lack of support for good health care and not standing up to President Trump
Vague statements from a Nazi sympathizer. It's time for @realDonaldTrump to go! #ImpeachTrumpNow #StandUpToRacism
They are!
Nobody is listening to him. His words mean nothing!
Hmmm what you #traitor
"Laid out Clarifying rationale and strategy"?
You didn't watch the speech did you?
a President that dodged the draft by claiming a fake bone spur, and refuses the criticize our # 1 enemy, Putin, has no moral authority.
It was the most presidential 30 minutes of his life. I'll bet he can't wait to get back to twitter to contradict himself.
He did no such thing.  He said we're gonna keep doing the same ole thing for..forever?  And we're gonna win...after 16 years what's winning?
It did?

Does anyone even care about Afghanistan anymore? Yawn, what's on the other channel?
Please don't blew sunshine upvhis behind
Surely is. Meets criteria for a SMART strategy but a Republican wants to put it to a vote? Have a talk w/@RandPaul.
He actually did the opposite. He clearly said he wasn't going to let our enemies know how and when he was going to accomplish something...
Stop praising this undignified man he is a disgrace to America and the presidency you know that speech was written for him
It was a "nothing burger" with no substance, specifics, numbers, real plan. Empty. This war will go on...
Military families are not seeing anything Clear?? Can you tell me
Because saw any policy changes and what about the part we don't have diplomats ? How is any of this a plan ?! Come on
So how will this war end?
It won't.
 R U S S I A 
u need to have your head examined..literally.  my bro already done 3 tours..bring em home.  u r pathetic warmongers #resign #Afghanistan

They are laughing their behinds off. Russia knows as do the British and everyone else. Don't think they will be helping us much.
Are you
I didn't hear any of that. I heard "more troops" & "winning," & no strategy. Secret strategy mght work in reality TV. We r sending r troops.
You folks stop abandoning him. He loves this country Yes he had made some goofs but you folks stand with him & help him We are looking.
I think you were watching the cartoon network
You're officially on the idiot wagon.  Horrible. Another step towards secrecy and Authoritarian Regime. #ImpeachTrumpNow
That was clear? Can you explain the strategy? Mostly description of current status. Pakistan "demonstrate commitment to civilization" Insult
Speech: we will win, trust me.
LIES
one liners.  sound bites.  things he's said before.  all to boost his ratings.
Trumps generals are the same ones who lost the first 16yrs in Afghan. This is why we have homeless vets and nothing to show for it.
Trump[ laid out absolutley nothing whatsoever .All talk and no substance at all
You mean the a$$ managed to avoid defending Nazis for 20 minutes? Wow. Excellent.
Seriously? There goes the last iota of respect I had for you.
Um...what strategy? Literally NO ONE on Earth heard a strategy.
TelePrompTer Trump @realDonaldTrump is #UnfitToLead #UnfitToServe and a disgrace to this nation.  #ShameOnYouForAssKissing #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sen Johnson; You continue to support this President I hope you realize your political career is tied with his. #Resist
Thank you Senator for standing publicly with @POTUS -
Please, Ron. Stop the madness.
We've been in Afghanistan for how long now?Has there ever purpose or a goal?
Not even a little bit... nope.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!! You must be a comedian!
What was the strategy? How many troops are we deploying? Any details? Any?
Weird how the only positive reply you have is from a Russian bot? You getting yer checks in rubles comrade? Also: you are a traitor.
can U please tell us what the plan is, this was like watching a ping pong match, message lost in the shuffle.
I didn't hear a strategy! I heard him try to change the narrative from Russia & bigotry!
I think i can hear republicans jerkin off in the distance.
You can bet they weren't, mainly because the whole world, enemies and allies alike, think he is an ignorant buffoon.
Well he will show them he is not
You're a disgrace Ron! You still support/stand-by this @POTUS whose hatred, racism has divided our country, Americans. Putting @GOP first!
It was dumb. More death. Cost more money. Cost lives. No end in sight. Totally antithetical to peace.
When you run for re-election in five years tell us how it worked out, because 16 years of doing the same thing isn't enough.
What part(s) were clarifying and strategic?  All I heard was he's not going to tell us the plan because it's secret. smh
A great great man..our PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP
I feel safe under President Trump!!! My family is safe!!
She feels safe UNDER him. Kinda gross but maybe that's her thing? #tolerance
She feels safe because she is a .
I don't think we heard the same speech. What detailed strategy?
