What is senseless is your taking $$ from the NRA and opposing gun control!!
How about toughing the laws for sales of weapons of war? Thoughts are nice ... but do something to stop this from happening again.
Fuck your thoughts and prayers
GOP has been sending "thoughts and prayers" for decades, then accepting NRA money and doing nothing to stop the violence.  Hypocrisy.
Do "thoughts and prayers" help all the newly orphaned in Vegas?  Please try and wean yourself from all that NRA $ and do the right thing.
If only you were in a position to DO something about the constant gun violence that plagues the country. We're sick of thoughts & prayers
I can't love this comment enough.
Republican Senator Ron Johnson has committed his "prayers" to the tragedy unfolding in #PuertoRico. Can only offer "thoughts" here. USELESS!
He can't offer prayers, especially if his has received blood money.
Doesn’t mean much until you ban automatic weapons and toughen laws to obtain guns. NRA lover that you are. Sickening!
Burn in hell NRA cockholster

To buy Sudafed at the drug store, one needs identification & can only buy so many per year. For guns or ammo there are no limits? why?
how much gun money ron?  over $1M?  Is this why you went to washington, to keep military weapons in the hands of killers?  #NRAmericanISIS
STOP taking money from NRA. YOU are complicit and have blood on your hands. Save your thoughts. #GunControl
You complete hypocrite, you are bought and paid for by the very entity that is the cause of those deaths. YOU contributed to this tragedy
this was a heinous act that could have been prevented with stricter gun laws and regulations in place. Let's take action now.
Outlaw semiautomatic weapons period. Doing anything less makes you a co-consprirator  to mass murder.
One of the  top earners from NRA contributions. Bought and paid for
You're so sad, yet you take millions from gun lobby groups
Another NRA deans-list jerkoff talking out of both sides of his face.
but this act is not heinous enough for you to refuse contributions from the NRA. Shame.
So give back the fucking money!!!
But I'll bet you don't feel any guilt about taking money from the NRA, do you. Hypocrite.
Please do something about guns in America! Start by getting your colleagues to vote no on #SHAREact, which would deregulate silencers.
Silencers are already legal with exception of a few states. the share act only eliminates the $200 tax associated with buying a silencer.
HOW heinous? More or less than $7,450? #NRA #NRAKills #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
But not your money and not your votes. Those are more important to you than their lives.
It certainly was "heartbreaking." But your "thoughts" going out to everyone affected by "this heinous act" are complete bullshit. YOU accepted $7,450 from the NRA in 2016. There is blood on YOUR hands.
What are you going to do about it? This keeps happening and will continue until we have stricter gun laws. This is so easy. You don’t care.
Do not touch my Medicare or Medicaid, I will sue the U.S. Government for stealing my money! That is Americans money, we paid into that!
For every time you accepted money from gun rights groups and voted against gun regulations, I say this:

Their blood is on your hands.

Time for real action on gun control no automatic weapons!!
Save your prayers & platitudes You took money from @NRA Blood is on your hands & you need to get voted out!
it will, unfortunately, overshadow your heinous words.
things more regulated than assault rifles:
- Kinder Surprise Eggs 
- Sudafed
- birth control pills
- fucking lawn darts
- Camembert cheese
Don't offer empty words. Do something like co-sponsoring Diane Feinstein's legislation to ban "bump-stock" devices. Please do Something!
Yuck you, Ron you jucking a55h0le
Nobody wants your useless "thoughts".
Oh really? Do they “deserve” health care?
How about stop putting guns before people? Stop taking NRA $ and pass reasonable gun control. Doing nothing leaves this blood on your hands.
You've played a part in the heinous act by accepting money from the NRA!
Your NRA fueled thoughts are meaningless. #emptythoughtsfullpockets
spare us the BS. YOU TOOK $7,450 from NRA in 2016. This heinous act has been allowed by you and others because NRA owns you!
Are you Thoughts about how you're going to paint your campaign trail with blood money and are the Prayers for reelection? #GunControlNow
.@SenRonJohnson What's heinous is the $7,450 you took from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
You know where my thoughts are? Wondering when our constituents will stop blowing smoke up our asses while continuing to accept NRA money.
Way to go, Rob! Call everyone of those families and tell them about the money you’ve taken from gun rights groups. #complicit
Your thoughts would have meaning if you weren’t bought off by the @NRA #GunControlNow #EveryTownForGunSafety

The $6,950 u accepted from the NRA in 2016 is worth $119.83/victim. This is the “value” of your thoughts and prayers.
You take money from the NRA.  Shut up.
Gun Control Now
Gosh, I wonder how far that $7450 from the NRA is going to get you, not re-elected that's for sure. Your prayers means nothing.
You received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. Enough thoughts and prayers. ACTION against the NRA!
Apparently, your "price of freedom" is $7,450.  Of course, the price for the victims was their lives.
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the #NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Stop taking NRA blood money and DO SOMETHING!
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
Really, well if you truly meant that you would be working on gun control laws but your not so keep your thoughts and prayers to yourself
Stop taking money from the NRA. Your thoughts do nothing. I live in Wisconsin and I vote.
Wow,the NRA sure loves you as an employee! Have you received your bonus check for the latest massacre by a white American male terrorist?
You forgot to add prayers Senator Johnson.
Phony compassion after U voted to kill thousands of Wisconsinites by robbing them of heathcare coverage. You don't give a sh#t. Man up.
Worthless words, Ronny. Too bad you don't believe in any facts that are inconvenient for your warped world view. You're a lost cause.
...what's your next move? Beyond thoughts?
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
You have blood on your hands.
Yr #FakeSympathy is belayed by the million+ u took from the @NRA & gun manufacturers. Take leadership on #GunControlNow! #GOPpoliciesStink
If you actually mean this, then you should hop out of the NRA's pocket and actually do something to prevent another tragedy. Hypocrite!
Do something about it.
You have blood on your hands.  Are you going to start talking about guns control now?  Give your NRA money back.
My thoughts are with the people impacted next time if congress continues to ignore the issue of gun violence in our country. Do something!
The blood is on YOUR HANDS .

If you in ANY WAY oppose gun control, your words have no meaning. The NRA is a terrorist organization.
Your "thoughts" aren't helping. Do something! Please support sensible gun control legislation.
may you please also send the NRA their money back. or better yet donate it to save lives. thank you.
Then do something about it. Stop talking about thoughts and prayers.
Let us know you care. Vote NO on the #shareact. Release yourself from the NRA's hold on you. It'll probably feel great.
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.

Fuck your thoughts.  How about you DO something?
Just for clarity, how much campaign money have you accepted from the NRA?
Think about turning down gun lobby $ and doing something productive to prevent this from happening again and again and again and again, kthx
$1.3M in NRA blood money tells us your thoughts and prayers mean absolute squat.
I am one of your constituents.  Please do something to stop such tragedies in the future.  #GunContolNow
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
"thoughts don't work. Try not taking money from NRA and take action now!
His account says ‘tweets from Ron are signed rj’ - didn’t even tweet this himself. That’s how much he gives a fuck.
It's heinous that our Senators and Congress members keep taking money from the NRA yet refuseto reform gun control to help prevent tragedies
Sen. you are bought & paid for by the gun lobby. Take your hypocritical self & shut up. Will vote against you, again, & hope others do too.
With respect, sir, your thoughts are not sufficient. Find your courage and vote for common sense gun control. #NRA #LasVegas
My thoughts are about taking you down for accepting $7450 from the NRA.
Screw your thoughts.  Shame on u 4 taking donations from NRA. DO SOMETHING!  How many more deaths? USA needs #GunControlNow!
You and your donor - NRA have blood on your hands.
Thoughts but no Prayers? Sir, do you love your country?
When Americans R afraid 2 go out in public 4 fear of being massacred, we R NOT FREE! NO 1 needs 2 own weapons of massacre & war! #NRAKills
Pay back the money you got from the NRA, then you can talk. Till then..
Yup, you're so  you returned all your #NRA #bloodmoney Right?
Now is your chance to do something to stop this before it happens again. Do something real to protect the citizens.
Thoughts and prayers from one who pockets NRA $$ is odious and cruel. We see what you are. You are done.
Then do something. Get off NRA payroll.
you are just as guilty as that psycho on the 32nd floor
Then do something about it! They need more than your thoughts! Get out of the NRA's pockets and make change to prevent mass shootings.
Why don't you do something about it?!
Call for research instead of blocking it
If you truly feel this way, please turn your thoughts to actions and call for bipartisan talks & effort.
What's heartbreaking is that politicians like U do NOTHING to stop this. We need common sense gun laws. And stop taking $$ from the NRA!
Now pass some gun laws that actually protect us, you big lying hypocrite. #BloodMoney #NRAsBitch
Too bad you are just as guilty.  Why don't you tell your constituents how much the NRA pays you to squash common sense gun laws?
Stick to prayers and wait for the check @NRA. Don't forget who got you here. You owe them. Pay up and shut up.

Stop accepting money from @NRA & support #guncontrol. Less thoughts & condolences, more action. Retire having actually made a change.
Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson received $7,450 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Until you DO YOUR JOB and enact effective #guncontrol your prayers & thoughts are an abomination! You were elected to ACT, not pray & think!
$7,450
This guy right here thinks access to food, shelter and healthcare are a privilege for you America.
So does this mean you’ll vote for the people over your wallet?
Let's get some gun control so this doesn't happen again!
Please have open hearings in Homeland Security. There are answers to this. It does not have to be a regular occurrence in America.
"thoughts and prayers" = I have zero plans to actually do anything about this.
You rode in on this, and the coattails of a corrupt Russian plant.
Republicans have rigged the system to hold onto power.  The results speak for themselves. #NoRiggedMaps #SCOTUS #FairMaps 
You don’t give a fuck about it or you wouldn’t take as much money from gun lobbyists like the NRA.
If only someone on this response could do something about it.....#GunContolNow
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. You're in a position of power. DO SOMETHING.
Your "thoughts" are meaningless, you corrupt ^%&^$
Did you happen to have any thoughts on how to prevent these heinous acts?
Touting community blood drives & emergency response doesn't negate the fact you are killing us with your inaction. What if it was ur kid??!
Your pockets are lined with suffering
Try thinking about toughening Background checks outlawing semi auto weapons and growing a conscience we know how much $ u get from NRA
is it heartbreaking when you take the NRAs money?  Your thoughts don’t mean shit to the dead asshole
THEN STOP TAKING BLOOD MONEY FROM  THE NRA!!!!!!! #GunControlNow
Fuck you and your "thoughts." DO SOMETHING. Also, @SenRonJohnson couldn't even both to write his own thoughts tweet.
How does it feel to be employed by the NRA and to fail at your full time job of representing the people.
Your thoughts and prayers mean nothing while you keep taking money from the NRA!!! #fake #liar
