
A powerful first step on the right path. You have never been uninsured.
Bad Bill Senator Johnson do not vote for the health care reform. You know it's flawed
Another war on the GOP watch. Who is going to fight ur war for u? And who is going to pay for it? GOP is a DISASTER.

What’s been threatening the health-care coverage of tens of millions of Americans isn’t Trump. It’s the entire Republican Party.
rump’s unseriousness has become so grotesque, so all-consuming, that it has distracted us from dozens of other dilettantes and demagogues
Or we can do it your way and bankrupt the states or take away coverage.
It’s not a good bill and you know it.  People are going to die because of your yes vote.  I can tell you I won’t be voting for you.
A federal apppraoch to a universal concern is the right approach.
I'm so sad you represent big money and not the good, hard working people of Wisconsin. #listentothepeople
Ru kidding..enjoy your last days as you'll be outta there.
You have social service health care why not everyone else
your name on this bill is yet another apology we Wisconsinites have to make about our crazy out of touch/ethically compromised politicians
I was counting on you to do the right thing. You let me down
Your constituents want you to vote against this bill, the last time I looked the Koch brothers aren't from Wisconsin.
What are you doing to get did to #PuertoRico ?
"What killed your mom, son?"
"Federalism."
Your plan will kill Americans. #PutinMustBeProud. #32MillionAmericans will lose coverage under your disaster of a plan.
Too bad...failure of the Repub. party and their “leadership?”
Is your bill dead yet?  80% of America hopes so!
#KillTheBill
- no it's a path toward improving health care for all.  Start representing people over party.  Work with dems - fix ACA
you are deaf to WI voters
"Your honor, this bill is not perfect. Really not perfect. I mean... Wow it's a piece of sh*t. The important thing is it's not Obamacare."
We. Don't. Want. Federalism. Get it?
Why the F do you flip flop so much?? Is it from the people dangling money in your face??
good. I support single payer.  You have great health care, share the wealth.
Another failure of Ron's. He's too radical for Wisconsin
Quit lying to Wisconsin in America, this is bad legislation and you damn well know it, And it will get you voted out of office!!!!
What's powerful is the money the Koch bros will give the GOP if this passes. Country before party. Don't sell us out for greed.
No you want that disaster you proposed for a tax cut to YOUR benefactors the Koch Brothers Wisconsin home of the CROOKED GOP
Please make it happen ~ getting to first base gives us a remote chance if getting back to freedom of choice - End mandates punishing sm biz!
Yeah Baby!
You don't have the votes. No killing Americans for you this week. #GrahamCassidy
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
you are not listening to your constituents. The outrage will not simmer down if GC passes- to the contrary! Career mistake.
Your constituents are tired of you.
How will this bill personally affect the quality of your own healthcare, @SenRonJohnson?
Do you believe the words that come out of your own mouth, or is it all just branding and advertising?
Sell out!
Get to work and - Help Fix the ACA !!
C'mon Rubber Stamp Ron. Why not speak your own mind instead of what others tell you? Oops, forgot.  It's The Republican Way!
Notice that not one person supports your position. Pay attention. You work for us. Vote yes and you will be out of a Job.
Most people want single payer health care. It's our tax dollars that is paying for your insurance. Share the wealth. #HealthCareForAll
MONEY over PEOPLE
Bi-partisan compromise. The solution is somewhere in between. You are failing Wisconsin, Ron.
Why not work together on a journey....see where talking and listening takes each other?
You guys had years to come up with an alternative. All you care about is your own wealth.
Hey rojo, really, what better have you offered.....NOTHING!
Well not anymore thanks to you GOP bed wetters who don't have the balls to repeal O care.
What is @SenRonJohnson DOING to #HelpPuertRico!
#NoGrahamCassidy
Taking away healthcare and tax cuts for the top 1% are not goals that help America or 99% of Americans
How's that healthcare bill coming? lmao.
It's pretty great, right?
We hope one day you'll grow a conscience. Til then, we're going to get louder & louder and demand you take care of us first, b4 Koch bros.
Great news!
And a path towards illness and death for the 414,000 in WI who lose coverage.
Walker will just give the money to his corporate masters. They all have pre-existing condition of his lips stuck to their asses.
But how much freedom do you have if you have a pre-existing condition and no health care?
So wrong Sir...
And that is NOT a problem!
This bill doesn't solve any real problems. It just allows you to go back to your rich donors with an open hand. #SaveACA
Shame on you, that you're not willing to use your position to protect some of the most vulnerable people in our country. #SaveACA
Ron Jihnson seriously you are a DOPE. Who would be dumb enough to listen to someone like you.
Doesn't look like to many people are interested in listening to you or your lying partners!
We aren't a federation of states, we are a republic of states. Reminder that state's rights died in the Civil War. You are stripping funding
Your colleagues at CNN DEBATE ARE LYING DIRECTLY TO AMERICANS & FAILING MISERABLY!
Funny how Cassidy not mentioning at debate that his bill passes the Jimmy Kimmel test - CAUSE IT DOESN'T!!
This is all about the Koch brothers closing the bank! Think about your constituents!
He only cares about $$$; could give  about his constituents.
Please stop your bullshit it hurts people.
WRONG AGAIN BOZO! WORK WITH THE DEMOCRATS LIKE WE WANT YOU TO AND SERVE YOUR CONSTITUENTS & NOT THE PRESIDENT! WE THE PPL ELECTED U!
Where is Nancy Pelosi and John McCain bitter ass
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
