Word is you wouldn't meet  in WI because you were afraid there would be too many protestors. Snicker.
Smart, pansy protesters would be no match for Bikers for Trump!
I was demonstrating in DC on Jan 21. Where were you? #NotAfraid
So you admit to being a fool!
At least I'm a real person. Bye.
Help IMPEACH that Traitor instead of meeting with him 
Obama met with someone? That's the traitor and fraud!
Liberals don't need any help to look stupid, their actions do it for them!
哈哈，不懂你们美国佬
.@POTUS @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse shame you couldn't go to Milwaukee. It must be tough to know most Americans hate you.
@POTUS @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse
Lot of bad people
نظام خ
you lost the popular vote. No voter fraud. And you had the smallest crowds ever. 
#FAILED BIG TIME!
BS, but keep watching fake news and you'll never learn the truth!
I can tell you are lying to them from here. Because lying is what you do. It's practically all you do. 
The great liar Obama isn't in office anymore!
we all know who rides bitch
Hey...that's Bannon & #45 leaving you're mom's house!
NPR Is At IT AGAIN SPREADING BULL
Great job!!  LOVE IT!
you chickened out and were afraid of protesters in Wi you ain't seen nothing yet. #coward #SAD
Thank you, @harleydavidson execs!
#BoycottHD coming in 5.. 4.. 3.. 2..
boy you do get around.  My son had a Harley, you go
Keep yor promise to the American people.....RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
you are loud, unmuffled, and obnoxious. and then you have a Harley
#bikersfortrump #Bikers 
 Never owned one but definitely support it. Sweet.
#MiloAtCal #BerkeleyBrownShirts
Crazy Liberals attack women at #Berkeley #LiberalNazis
If protester could been there they would have been.
looks like a bunch of wh interns in front of rented bikes. #proof or #fakenews #drumpf
make America bike again!

Too scared to come to Wisconsin? We're the nicest state in the country... #NoBanNoWall #Notthistime
Make America Racist Again!!!
Ignore the hatets!
Hear that rumble? It's American business' starting to roll! I love American!
lol except that the reason they met in D.C. was because that business didn't want him there
It was the threat of protests by the public.
/ the Obama administration gave Iran 150 billion and a 400 million tip..can u hear Iran laughing
Meanwhile, at the airport....
Fake, Pathetic get yr silly asses to work dumbfcks
I'm not entirely sure how this could be said to be fake...
#fake as in #staged
Harley is mostly made across seas now.   Not completely American made no more.... Mostly China parts
You should cut funding in Milwaukee they don't want to uphold the law on illegals.this city takes more free funds than the rest of Wisconsin
I want a ride. Those are beautiful bikes.
harley riding true Americans are PROUD!!!!!
That's the spirit! Throw in Milo and some rainbow flags and you've got a parade Mr President!
you just speaking to them tarnishes my bike
one motorcycle brand that's wishing to be openly racist

President Trump well on his way to becoming the COOLEST prez ever.
Bigly!
While POTUS works, liberal cucks continue to spew hate. Liberals paving the way for Trump's 2020 win...
@POTUS @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse
Mr. President. You should have tried one of the Harleys that was on display. Awesome sight!
no better place to be...
You are afraid of stairs.
There is no way you have the balls to sit on a @harleydavidson
Your Gang Trump
Trump should be awarded HONORARY HARLEY PRESIDENT BIKERS JACKET.   Bikers did so much for him&us keeping us safe.DJT&Bikers  
Mr. President: please cut off all Federal funding for California. America has had enough
glad you had time to play with motorcycles today! So much more important than those silly security briefings
All of you saying trump doesn't need the security briefings, please say that to US Navy Seal William Owen's family.
I'm taking it that you never served. I did. Hold your tongue for things you know nothing about.
Rich is 100% behind don't ask don't tell & it's ok to call him dick...he loves it
Back to mommies basement little man.
I'm not the one making fun our first lady's English.
خدا اینچی بود خلق کردی
Have a lot of friends that ride those . All Christian Biker groups .. Many ah veterans to.
Jqibwbwhwa. WhnznQwQnqnAK jjnkfjuj
@TrumpWisconsin @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse
Makes the White House look better with a couple of Hogs on the Lawn
my president good luck
awesome bikes!!!
politique
harley made in USA unlike trump brand.
Asss holes
- one can hope that they lose followers/customers and whats up with the bad image?
Kanske fördomsfullt men tror du inte det är visst överlapp mellan HD-ägare och Trump-supporters?
du har säkert helt rätt... man blir bara så trött
Går fortfarande hoppas på att de ska vakna upp och inse vem de röstat på men det är troligtvis för mycket begärt.
I don't have to tell myself that.  Look at the destruction by the left.
these aren't protests.  They're riots.
.@POTUS Do we all get free motorcycles now?! Trumpbikes!
wrong president for freebies.

I can tell you're a Trump supporter. Does that make you feel good?
Not Good. Great!
bully elsewhere
lol. I haven't say anything to you. Good Day to ya.
you bully everywhere. Just like trump
You look confused. Did you think you were going to meet 'Clay' from 'Sons of Anarchy'?

It's funny cus it's true .
Respect is earned not given freely.
And I'd say Trump is earning it not the UC Berkeley students.

Donald Trump got a Navy Seal killed because he was lazy.
#MAGA You are doing a great job
how's @realDonaldTrump dick taste?
this is literally the funniest shit I've read today. Thank you for making my night 
have you seen your pic 
yes I have and I look beautiful. Thank you for noticing 
ok. Have a great night
thank you. Sweet dreams
This for the world Star's......
Did you acknowledge the tragic attacks on mosques yet?!  Or are you too busy defunding schools?
So they couldn't have the Prez visit their site due to possible protests? HD execs grow a pair. Disappointing.
fantastic
@EntheosShines @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse ...why we love trump ..@washingtonpost @FortuneMagazine @WSJ @FoxNews @CNN @nytimes @TIME
Gee, the Harley employees didn't get to experience the stench of your presence. SAD!

I hope they run over you
Why isn't Yemen Trump's Benghazi ? 15 civilians dead, 1 a US child, and 1 soldier. Bad decision. Even military agrees.
@StephenBannon @PressSec @KellyannePolls @Reince FIND/STOP DAMN LEAKS Get rid of all involved regardless of dept/personnel #MAGA
They had to come to the White House because WI voters know they made a HUGE mistake. #unpopularPresident #nomandate
Really? How?
I held my nose & voted Trump. The way Dems have been acting since the election makes me VERY HAPPY I did!
Riding the team with President Trump an so win, win, win.
congragulation sir you got two free bikes.
sir can i have one bike please.
why not meet in Milwaukee?  Afraid of losing face to protests after your "landslide" victory? #NoMandate
Awesome! #MAGA

let's reach out to @indianmotocycle
Hey President Tiny Hands, why didn't you go to WI agn? Afraid to face the people? #resist #LoserPOTUS
Glad you're taking up Arnold up on his offer!  He will be great!
praying for you. We will win! Thank you. God Bless you!
according to the Liberals they cancelled the meeting good they change their mind preparing a boycott
another reason to avoid those piece of shit bikes. #smalldickalliance
k now ride that thing off a cliff
yes to bikes, yes to immigration reform #TRUMPGODBLESSYOURSOUL##TRUMPNOTBADPERSON
the Harley guys are doing what's called "eat shit and smile"
Trump, in a Joint statement with the PM of India, both thanked H-D for the US based jobs!
Thank you because I love my Harley, she took me to the inaguration an back BIGLY!! 
to bad they didn't run you over
@TrumpUntamed @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse wow so many childish comments from grown men oh wait did I say grown men I take that back.
Keep up the great work! God Bless America!
Made in USA? More like assembled. High % of parts made overseas! Made is not = assembled #LiarInChief
have them build Harley Davidson 1 and 2 presidential motorcycles
My wife & I are Harley owners and ridersee. LOVE our president #hogmember #two wheelthrills
great pic. MAGA
You are doing a great job!
Thank you for meeting with HD.stock numbers are down.hope they put the right strategy in place.
"Live to Ride... Ride to Live"
In NH parlance "Live Free or Die"!!!
You are a great american President Trump
Haven't you been impeached yet? Most people like Harleys more than you, but most folks also prefer herpes
@melgrissom @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse why not at the factory?
please publish your tax returns
Meet with their employees if you want to create real change. Help them unionize!
Is HD still having trouble with Getting those China made parts?
Vroom vrooom!!!
sirji
shit product. I mean Trump.
Please ride into the sunset !
@CNN @harleydavidson @WhiteHouse Did u know while u were AU bashing to HD that their strategy is to grow sales outside US faster
ARE U HIRING THEM AS SECURITY NOW?
where is that executive order saying it's okay for religions to discriminate? I'd like to start a no christians policy.
Nice bikes!! We all support you Mr. President!!. MAGA!!
I'll take one
They are the only people in Milwaukee that like you.  Out of almost 600,000, that's not much.
we love you President Trump. American people thank u for all your hard work. more 10 days OBama 8 years
I'm Proud of you President Trump! America first!!
Bet you would enjoy riding a Harley, fun, remember you are always in our prayers.
why is the secret service driving Yamaha?
Fabulous
why didn't you go to WI? They withdrew the invite, didn't they. Can't take you anywhere
RUSSIAN PUPPET! #traitor #psyco #Americandiscrace
drain the swamp... Tired of winning yet?
Will ALL religions be able to fund their stooge of choice?  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-destroy-johnson-amendment-religious-freedom-separation-church-state-a7559421.html …
This is a President that is not only for the people.....it's obvious that he likes people.
pussy so afraid of protesters. How does it feel to be hated by so many?

seen part of it great take time to come out
Did you tap anyone or did they tap you?
They should hurry up and make a production electric motorcycle. I know they made a prototype.
because that's clearly important...
lol, they didn't want yer fascist stink in WI. & don't even think of coming to . Won't be pleasant 4 u.
Hey trolls, you wouldn't do well on a bike a Toyota is more your speed.
The protest I attended last night had more people.
Resign. You need mental help. Real help from a real doctor. Go. Now.
not seeing as much of you on Twitter. Did they restrict your use of it
try getting China to sell Harleys without 50-100 grand in taxes and bull shit fees
did they give Boss Hog a hog? What do they want in return?
@EWTNNewsNightly Why did you like this ? Serious question.
We only ride "Yamaha" and BSA and,BMW
maybe one day u to can visit the shop! U funny!
that's great.
Very low energy photo, angle is weak. LYING TRUMP says it was great, wrong! Failing Harley Davidson bad!
@realDonaldTrump "how to alienate a nation in less than two weeks" by Donald Trump
awesome. Hopefully all the hipster democrats will get off their Harleys as some kind of tough boycott.
Come on back to WI, we'd love to see you again
if you create a FREAKING war the first I want to see in it are your sons and son in law
I get it, @POTUS. Today’s horsemen would ride horses of steel. Might as well be @harleydavidson.
President* Trump extracting money from more business interests.  He'll be a billionaire in 4 years
Make America Great Again!!
now you're a biker! Please Does a insane person know he's insane? Donald?
i thought they fucked you off? Given most harleys are exported.
ha ha you weren't big enough to meet at their place!
Wonderful move Mr. President! Go Milwaukee Wisconsin!
Harley's good at promotion 101... I wish they actually made a good product! Too bad victory can't sell
because there were too many protests to have it at the plant.
you guys suck
Why didn't Pence take one for a spin?
but not on their own turf lol they know better
