The only positive thing you can do would be to Vote No on all versions of the terrible GOP bill. But that would require a spine of sorts.
You don't even make sense.

BREAKING: Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices" 
You sir are an embarrassment to Wisconsin
Only way to be a positive influence is to vote no and put and end to this "process" - other option is not a good result for WI #VoteNoBCRA
You're a garbage senator if you think repealing the #ACA is a good idea. #saveourhealthcare #wedeservebetter
Oh Hey me too! Why don't you let the public comment on your disgusting health care legislation?
We will hold you responsible for deaths due to loss of care,
You liar. Why don't you put all Federal employees and Big Business sponsored employees in high risk pools. Mr Expert Damn you.
way to fold Ronny, big surprise.
How dare you say we are fear mongering! You know #Medicaid expansion helps millions, & Medicaid being phased out. You are giving junk ins.

You are All Guilty! @Gop  # ACA 
@SenRonJohnson This is how cancer patients get treated by @GOP gop
How do you feel about this?
Saw this guy mocking a woman who had cancer & relies on protections under the ACA for healthcare. 

Started filming. He stormed off. 
He voted YES... He doesn't care about sick people in Wisc.  Can't wait till Next Election to vote NO to him! Your career will be short..
32 million could lose coverage because of our vote today!
Here's what the Senate is doing today – first, we're likely to vote on another repeal bill – more info here https://www.vox.com/2017/7/19/16000840/senate-obamacare-cbo-score …
Then follow the lead of your colleagues Senators @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins instead of voting the GOP line.

Please make sure you don't vote For pre existing conditions exclusions and decreasing MedicAid funding.  Both would be awful for WI #voteWI
When will you stop putting your own agenda ahead of the lives of the citizens you work for?! Disgrace that you're selling out on Americans!
Which is the "good" result you were hoping for - 15 million fewer people insured or 20% increase in premiums for everyone else? Vote NO.
A positive influence means looking the other way when millions of Americans can't get/afford the medical care they deserve? #WeDeserveBetter


CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
Sold yourself again. . .Don't do it again today we deserve better than any of the bills up for vote.
I don't think you understand what the words "positive" or "good" mean, Ron.
You want a good result? Resign. That's the best outcome.
you do realise a good result would be more people with healthcare, right? A little less profit &more coverage?
Talk to @SenMikeLee about supporting a compromise to #RepealAndReplace. Convince him!
Not very popular, are you? Maybe you should do what's the best thing for your constituents and give them HC, just like you have.
Then listen to the people and vote no on repealing the ACA.
ACA is garbage anyway. People put too much weight on a political platform, rather then its execution. Read, engage, inform. 
Really sad none of you listen to your constituents anymore. Unless said constituent has millions of dollars. Or is an out of state donor!

What's baffling is, the industry is publicly against the bill. If industry money is the problem, their automata are running off the rails
The Koch Bros. they're the ones who REALLY run the country, & Repubs are in bed w/ them
No, it's many wealthy white men, out for their own self-interest, not just that evil cabal.
Then kill this bill. Start over in regular order. We can all do better.

@GOP - Why do you need medical assistance?! Work harder!!
America- We are! Childcare 75% of min wage!
@GOP - We should lower minimum wage!
How could you? All this crap to save McConnell's face?? SHAME on you!!
Listen to your constituents!  VOTE NO, NO, NO!!!  Get this behind us so we can get on with the task of fixing the ACA in a bipartisan way!
Please use your brain and not just vote along party lines; if it is better than ACA put on your bipartisan hat and do what is best for USA.
The country and your constituents are watching and hoping you choose to do what is right.
Guy on DeanCare checking in. Please don't let the Senate take away my healthcare. I need it for being healthy and stuff.
Also, I can't vote for you if I'm dead. So there's that.
You know that a business would never succeed with this kind of secretive half-baked decision process. Vote no.
So you voted no?? If not - pack your bags.  This of us who you screwed over will vote you out
You care more about tax breaks than human life. You've failed to represent us. Tell me, when did you sell your souls?
For whom?Certainly not your constituents. Be transparent about whose well-being you care about. That's at least honest if distasteful.

We know who you are now. You just signed your unemployment papers. We will stand against you. You just lost any respect from Wisconsin.
So disappointed in you. Haven't you made enough corporate money that you could protect our people, just once?
The Koch Bros & Senator Ron Johnson working hard today to force thru healthcare bill less than 20% of s support.
Koch bros https://twitter.com/charlesornstein/status/886017717362454529 …
Sen Johnson PLEASE REJECT SKINNY REPEAL! Do what's right for Wisconsin! Stand up to that charlatan McConnell. He is bought and paid for.
Looks like Murkowski actually did what you said you would do. This is not how process should work. #dontcapmycare #doctorsspeakout

Please help keep patient protection as part of that bill , my husband has MS and without patient protections he would not have insurance
Republican healthcare plans are unclear. Exactly which one do you support?

Then do your job and follow real rules of order! Communicate with ALL, reach out with earnest!
Start by representing the people of Wisconsin vote no on this terrible health bill!
Ok. This means you will vote no on everything from here on out? That is what needs to happen to #KeepKidsCovered  in WI
Then fix #ACA and stop #TrumpCare in all its forms
Way to cave! Another rich white guy detached from reality #voterremorseisreal
Sorry you put party before the health of the American public.  We expected more of you.
My plan better be better fort family.  You represent me big guy!
My plan better be better for my family.  You represent me big guy! If it is worse it is on you
We demand you consider the needs of WI residents and vote NO! on this awful proposal #BCRA #NoAHCA no #Trumpcare 
Bipartisan is the only way America will be satisfied good or bad it must be bi partison
SHAME ON YOU! You are sentencing my disabled child to death with your Medicaid cuts! Republican death panels!
You have disgraced Wi ppl. You even voted yes on the 1st amendment today. Shame on you.
After you vote to kill Americans, the living will remember.
Vote NO. Please vote NO. #BCRA
He voted YES. Sickening
Disgusting.
I believe you! Work w/all the senators, reps, healthcare industry & citizen groups to see how we can improve and strengthen the ACA! Thank u
Please be a Healthcare Hero for millions of Americans & vote NO to repeal the ACA. Over 50% Americans were NOT represented in the process!!!
He voted yes.
U r not listening to US!! 
Absolutely appalled you represent my state. You don't represent me. WI will not forget.
You have failed the people who elected you to represent them. You chose the GOP over the healthcare of Wisconsin.
Senate had no problems adding an amendment to keep Congress & staff on #Obamacare. Good enough for you, but not your constituents?Disgusting
What a piece of fluff you are. Choosing Mitch McConnell's agenda over your constituents. Do Wisconsin a favor & move to Kentucky.
you are an embarrassment..but fortunately we can rectify that by removing you from office.  who the hell do you think you're kidding
I'm disappointed in you, and ashamed to be represented by you.  Wisconsin deserves better.
Coward - America could not be more proud of @lisamurkowski  and @SenatorCollins for their corageous vote. You Sir are done
I don't recall seeing thousands of people at town halls asking for yes votes. Oh that's right, you're not in it for the people.
So basically you put your hand out for reelection funds instead of protecting health coverage for millions in your state and nationwide
Your a 
You're on the wrong side of history. Shame on you for ignoring your constituents and the facts!
Follow Rand Paul's lead and repeal. Believe in the Free market
Don't take away our healthcare.
Work to fix the ACA. What is happening is horrid for those who depend on Medicaid and Obamacare. Vote to fix ACA
Can you honestly tell the parents of children with special needs that this is good? #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare
how could you turn your back on WI? People trusted you and you voted maliciously to take away their healthcare
You do realize that if you had voted NO today, many of your constituents would have backed you. What did you sell out for?
This WI voter can't believe why so many people fall 4 voting against their interest in my once beloved progressive WI. Spiked  & brats.SAD!
Oh! Bravo!  That oughta do it.  I knew your foolish voters saw something in you.
Your DC voicemail is full. I'm appalled you would vote yes on a bill that could harm so many people, rural hospitals,  and WI jobs.
Well done is better than well said. You failed us, Senator.
You MUST vote NO.  You simply cannot destroy my family.
You know exactly what you did today  Here's a hint- increase of over $1,200 in premiums NEXT YEAR. #partyovercountry
NEW: The so-called "skinny bill" will increase average premiums by $1,238 NEXT YEAR, based on CBO estimates.  
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/25/436642/skinny-repeal-bill-raise-average-premiums-1238-increase-uninsured/ …
Please senator.  DO NOT DO THIS WITH PPS LIVES!!! Disabled ppl, sick ppl, old ppl, children.... Please don't let this happen!!!
People die without insurance. Sooner or later. Lack of health care kills. People should not die because of it.
Yet, you ignore experts from across the spectrum when they say there are no good results from this process. Shameful, really..
You should be ashamed but you are not. The Congress is taking away healthcare from US citizens but keeping it for themselves. U R awful!
How could you? How could you???? What is wrong with you??
I said the same thing when I voted for you last year senator. I now very much regret doing that. Enjoy the rest of your term in office.
Sold out.........again
Shame on you Senator. The people of your state will suffer. Shame on you!
Completely and utterly disappointed in your choice
A positive influence on a terrible bill that will hurt people in Wisconsin this is not a good result!
Are you serious with this quote? You have zero integrity. You have yet to listen to WI voters We are awake now, 2023 can't come soon enough
Any bill should not have anything attached not related to the issue at hand.
There should not be anything that the federal gov should do except allow insurance to be sold across state lines
We need to repeal the ACA and defund everything attached to it. Cut taxes to the states and let them handle health insurance/care
Obamacare is not working. Families are suffering.
Please do your job and protect us from the insanity of this Congress.
It seems,Senator, you have put your political party ahead of the people you represent. You are VOTED into office. WI will remember this.
Actually thought you were going to do the right thing. Disgusted that you represent MY state.
As good a result for who? Your rich sugar daddies that's who. You certainly don't want a good result for working people in Wisconsin.
shame on you.  Listen to your constituents.  Less than 20% (some est. 12%) want this.
Here's some advice: don't vote yes on something you don't even know of. #disappointed #HealthCareVote
So, you finally found a plan that would screw your constituents completely?!
No, you want to stroke other GOP egos. Time after time you have shown that you don't care about Wisconsinites. #dontcomehome
I would argue millions without health care is NOT a good result. But I guess we have different values.
Thank you for being like Jesus and thinking of the poor, the lame, the sick and bringing the love of God to the Senate with your vote today.
Sure wish you had voted NO. What did McConnell threaten you with ? Do the right thing! Better be good result ... you guys own it now!
I guess when you are guaranteed your job for 6 yrs, it's easy to screw the voters over.
You are extremely weak, and you never actually listen to your constituents.
Then build on it, don't start from scratch at the people's expense! Vote no!
Shame. Party before people. You just don't care do you. SAD.
I have no idea what your words mean anymore.  The doublespeak is ridiculous.
Shame on you.
I call BS on you, Sen Johnson. Is my disabled daughter losing Medicaid a good result? You say yes. Your good result is tax cuts for wealthy.
Did you not hear a word Sen McCain said. Disappointed in your pandering for party leader's approval. You work for the people.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 
This smug prick waited till the last minute to secure pork from McConnell before voting with rest of the Republicans. Vote him out in 2018!
It's a #BadBill if there's bipartisan opposition. 
If you repeal the #ACA I won't be able to contribute to society, I'll be forced 2 B SMI
An ugly day for American democracy. Way to help Mitch McConnell shepherd in a historic new low for gov transparency.
Today Republicans broke the Senate. They still have no idea what the final vote will be on. It's Russian roulette for health care. 
Then you shud've positively voted against it. That wud've been the best result. @GOP Your Rube-Goldberg scheme will fail as certainly as ACA
Whatever plan goes into effect all of our representatives and senators should have to use that insurance
Republican Ron Johnson yesterday on the healthcare motion to proceed vote: "I don't have a clue what we're going to be voting on."
This looks like trying to stay on trumps good side and not caring about the people in Wisconsin
Exactly
#AARP....
seriously? positive influence? you are #shameful and @SenateMajLdr has no soul.
If you truly wanted better results. Then you should've voted no. Now it could be repealed or possibly replace. No concrete plan
So you choose to bow down to leadership instead of standing up for Wisconsin. They pay you well to fall in line.
Hole many will you kill with your vote
You fraud. You sold your constituents down the river for the promise of tax cuts for billionaires. People will die. You should be ashamed.
You live with the death of the vulnerable, with their blood on your hands. Hitler killed his people and you will be branded as killing yourd
Shame on you for not listening to your constituents
Look at single payer. Studies show it could save 17 trillion over 10 years. Almost enough to pay off debt. Isn't that worth looking at?
You're getting played & lied to by Sen. McConnell. The American ppl are watching closely and we are disgusted w/ how GOP is handling this.
Zero transparency. Zero bipartisan effort. Super low voter approval. And still you are forcing TrumpCare down our throats? Shame on you.
@GOP aren't even attempting to disguise their inner EVIL anymore and @SenRonJohnson is no different. Blatant sociopath. #SaveACA #NOREPEAL
I show up for tests I don't know anything about, and just fill in random answers.  You know, positively influencing the process.
Please vote for the REPEAL of Obamacare.
You had an opportunity to have the greatest possible impact on a good result for your constituents. Instead, you caved. Disgraceful.
How about an amendment to force members of Congress to have to use TrumpCare?
You failed.
Dear Senator, it's hard for "rich" to enter the Kingdom of God. We wish you should go down in history by supporting universal healthcare S4A
You are a stain on Wisconsin! Swampthing!
For a short period of time, some people thought you might have a spine. You have proven instead that you are, indeed, spineless.
Who is Ron Johnson trying to kid.  His sole purpose for going to D.C. was to take healthcare away.
Dear Senator, now about 45 universal healthcare nations on this planet. Americans are human like those people.Why we don't deserve a betterO
You folded
How can you possibly vote when you have NO IDEA what you are voting on and no time to consider the short and long-term effects!#KillTheBill
Shame on you! How do you look at yourself in the mirror?!
As good a result as possible is not what the American people need. We need a quality health care bill that cares for all!
Ur senate leader went on tv and said health care was not a bipartisan issue-r u kidding me! It affects ALL Americans-not just republicans!
Don't believe that for a moment. U could have been a hero, sold us out instead. Wonder if we'll ever find out what Mitch REALLY offered u.
You still voted for the MTP. You only paid lip service to it instead of taking an actual stand. #Coward
Very disappointing to your constituents. WI deserves better. #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare #DoctorsSpeakOut
VOTE NO 
..  From Milwaukee
Thank you!!!
@SenRonJohnson I'm curious what you think can be improved? I see 22 mil losing insurance as a no-go. Let's start over again from scratch.
Get out of our healthcare!. GOP only wants to  reward big Ins w/ bigger profits & tax cuts.  Us; higher deductibles, less coverage Senator!
You could have achieved the same thing by forcing it down and making way for a brand new slate w/new ideas, bipartisan, real effort.
You had the power to force bipartisan discussion to improve US Healthcare. Shame on you for selling out.
Shame on you Senator.  What kind of deal did you take?
IE everyone who #paytoplay will get what they want and the people I represent will get fucked over
What does that mean? In what way have you been an even remotely positive influence on this process?
Disgraceful stance on a horrendous bill, voters won't forget
Yet again, I am ashamed to be represented by you.
Sometimes the most positive thing you can do is say no to blatant evil. #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
You fell a bit short there Senator
So what changed? Last month you were all stand up and opposey?
@SenateMajLdr Was just too charming huh? Couldn't say no to that mushy punim could ya?
Your constituents need healthcare or they'll die. Stop. Killing. Us
Give all government officials same health care as everyone else..then we will see how good it could be
Wisconsin will not forget.
Preach.
What does that even mean?
Your actions demonstrate the opposite.
The Koch habit is too hard for him to kick
