Why do you put your party values before country?You know you would be having a (Wisconsin) cow if this was done by Obama.
I want to know what answer he can give for voting to allow the sale of private data.
Wld u b willing 2 lead congress in vote 2 remove P Ryan, L Graham, J McCain-declaring them unable 2 perform responsibilities?
Why did you vote Yea on H.J.Res.69 to end the protection of bear cubs and hibernating wolf pups in Alaskan wildlife refuges?
Why a FB town hall. Meet the ppl you serve in person. Chicken way out!!! Never have nor will vote for him!!! WI voter
that's not a real town hall!!  #DoYourJob   @MaxTemkin, Ron is hosting a fake town hall. Does that count? 
Why did you vote Yea on S.J.Res.34 rather than allowing the FCC to protect the privacy of customers from ISPs and Telecoms?
Is it because of the $123,652 in donations you've received in the last election cycle from the telecom industry?
What benefit is to be realized for WI constituents from the recent privacy rollback that you supported?
Question - "how much are you personally making so ISPs can profit off Americans' personal and private information?"
Why did you vote Yea on H.J.Res.38 to end the Stream Protection Rule which enforced responsible surface coal mining?
how about an actual LIVE in person town hall, like other senators. Face the people u are sworn to represent instead of hiding
Why did you vote Yea on PN44 confirming Scott Pruitt to lead the EPA when he opposes the EPA and denies climate change?
Please comment on Trumps statement that troops in Iraq are fighting like they've never fought before. Are we at war?
ask him why he didn't have the class to support the president, but loved riding on his coat tails 
What do you believe would be the most effective way for Repubs & Dems to work together for the people instead of their party?
Or instead of their donors?
Why did you vote to allow private internet user data to get sold? Isn't privacy important?
Because he was paid $100k
What is your position on the Great Lakes cleanup and how will you support this for WI's future?
How ashamed are you of the partisan vote today to move towards defunding @PPact @PPAWI @PPFA against the wishes of your constituents?
Here's a question: what are you going to do with that $123,652 that you just got for selling our private internet history?
do you favor continued prosecution and civil actions against Catholic church pedophiles?
.@SenRonJohnson Q: How does EO ending Clean Power Plan and budget reduction to EPA create jobs for Americans? Compare alt energy sector.
You described Judge Gorsuch as "mainstream", please explain.
What are your thoughts on Speaker Ryan's comment that he does not want to work with Dems on health care?
Please give a rationale behind cutting beneficial gov't programs, like Meals on Wheels, Pell grants and the CDC.
Please give us an example of when you did not vote along partylines.
Do you honestly believe you represented your constituents when you voted to allow internet users data to be sold?
Please defend your vote to allow Internet Service Providers to sell our browsing data without consent.
when you see a poor child eating a free meal does it make you angry?
NO! This is just another slap in the face! Have a real, live, actual town hall!
Do you support @POTUS's travel bans? Do you think 19th Circuit overstepped their boundaries?
Would you support a one-line complete #repeal for #Obamacare? Why or why not?
the Senate must lead to provide the American people answers about the integrity and honor of the presidency.
what is your position on supporting changes to help decrease effects on global warming?
do you support the science that states climate change is a real phenomenon that is influenced by human activity?
Will Wisconsin adopt an anti-shariah law like 7 other states to pre-empt radical Islam problems?
U received $381K from oil/gas industries + are a climate denier/skeptic.Is that a coincidence or did you sell out the planet?
Do you see the irony of a Tea Party candidate being too cowardly to hold a town hall meeting with his constituents?
Do you honestly believe you know more about climate science than virtually ALL of the world's climate scientists? Got hubris?
Will you support the formation of an independent commission to probe WH-Kremlin connections? If not, why not?
Why would anyone object to an independent prosecutor into #Trumprussia ? Or are you cool with treason?
what is your most urgent question regarding Russian investigation?
can you give Russ his seat back
what is your position on the investigation into Russian contacts with Trump's campaign?
Why don't you speak up against the EPA's declaration that science is no longer important?
How can you vote for Gorusch while Trump is under FBI investigstion but couldn't have hearing for garland in 44's last year?
Why increase military spend?  We outspend the next 10 countries combined
when will you ask for Trumps taxes?
Do you like drinking water? Breathing air? Visiting a park?  Avoiding medical bankruptcies?  Your party sold all this
Are you planning a war in Syria or North Korea
selling our privacy on the internet is like opening our mail.  Are we too stupid to know that is what we want?
- You got $123,652 from TeleCom companies so you voted for them to sell our personal data. Sell-out!
are you going to stand up for woman’s rights?
what are you doing to protect our environment???
You are allowing ISPs to collect/sell your constituents personal information and yet trump doesn’t have to release his taxes?
White supremacy and satanism have become aggressive forces in the Milwaukee college and arts communities.
For example,Gary Witt (Pabst Theater Group Live Shows) & Sidney McCain of MSOE/WMSE brought in/promoted Mayhem at Turner Hall
Mayhem bassist Varg Vikernes had Anders Breivik manifesto prior to Oslo/Utoya attacks that killed 77. Vikernes praised attack
@MayorOfMKE Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett says it's simply up to the theater whether this group performs in their venue.
Vikernes criticized Breivik for not killing Muslims. US and Canada have recently had mosque attacks.
Why did you send a veteran a cease and desist letter when all he was trying to do was get in touch with you?
Why did not recuse yourself from the DeVos vote when you took $48,500 from her??
You are absolutely useless. You vote for big business, not the people.
why won't you respond to your constituents? You are supposed to represent all of us, not just those that donated $
how can you continue to condone GOP rolling back protections for clean air & water? Why do you try to "sell" these to us?
Why don't you speak out against the way women are treated by the Trump administration?
Are your emails part of the RNC hack by Russia that has not been released yet?
What do you have to say about Nunes' obstruction of justice?
Why do your phones remained unanswered? How can you justify ignoring your constituents? Phone in town halls do not cut it.
why did you whine about Obamacare for 7 years & then not use the time to actually come up with a better plan?
Why won't you hold an in person town hall? 53716
Why do you put media interviews over communication with your constituents?
why do voters like you?
Why do you not vote for Trump to show us his taxes??
Why do you not condemn the hate speech and racism that comes from the Trump Administration?
How can the Senator represent constituents in DC when he refuses to hear our concerns? Does he realize that he works for us?
why don't you vote as your constituents ask? Why do you take special interest money? (DeVos)
Senator Johnson took $123,652 from internet providers and voted for the bill to expose our SS#, health info, browsing info...
what are you afraid of? Do your job!
how much did you get from Comcast for selling us out on the privacy act?
What made you proud of your vote for Betsy DeVos?
Do you think spending 20 billion on a border wall while gutting programs like Meals on Wheels makes us great?
Do you think gutting funding for Great Lakes programs is a good thing for Wisconsin?
I sure do! Do you support an investigation into Trump's Russia ties? If not, why? Are you not concerned?
give three solid reasons why you support 45*
Do you support $300 million in cuts to Great Lakes Restoration, as well as devastating cuts to EPA?
doesn't think we need water to drink or air for kids to breathe so they don't have asthma. Hail the mighty $
what are you doing to represent your constituents that you may not fundamentally agree with?
when do you plan on having an open, in-person townhall?
are you supporting an independent investigation into the Russia situation?
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO RESIGN RON , TODAY WOULD BE GOOD FOR AMERICA .
can you justify your vote to allow others to purchase my internet history? Invasion of privacy??
Are you going to call for Devin Nunes to step down? Do you support an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia?
when my search history is a commodity to sell, market, & spied on, have you read the Constitution?
why did you vote to reverse the  FCC privacy rule that opens the door for ISPs to sell customer data? #notok
I read he got paid 6 figures!
Why is the senator hiding behind a screen?
how will you make sure there is no $500B increase in stupid military spending? Save EPA, Planned Parenthood, dump coal
yes, what are you personally doing to investigate the Russian invasion into our democracy ?!? Hope you are standing up
when will you stand up and oppose the republican liar-in-chief's destruction of EPA?
how could you possibly votr for Gorsich?
