did someone tell you healthcare was inexpensive? Prepared to pay my way. Think for yourself.
So, what have you come up with so far? You had seven years. Quite honestly...
the damage to insurance company profits?
Vote NO to DeVos! I'm a Wisconsin voter, listen to what we're saying.
... and what is your plan?
What damage? I love Obamacare & am grateful to have it! GOP wants to repeal it but have no viable alternative plans to ACA.
What specific damage has it caused? And does the damage out weigh the positive effects?
Thanks,
Registered WI Voter
The ACA allowed my family the ability to get health insurance. Insurance companies denied us coverage. Fix what. Be specific.
Are you ever right about anything. Try voting against Devos that might be a start
What "All the damage"?
.@SenRonJohnson you've been quite for awhile - just reminding you to vote no for Devoss!
Obamacare has done FAR more for Wisconsin citizens that you have ever done. All you do is complain with no plans to replace
and soon we'll have to repair all the damage done by you, the GOP, and President Trump!
Great. Do that. First, vote NO on DeVos. Don't lose the respect of your constituents over this. She's not worth it.
what messes have been created by ACA - give some examples. Keep your hands off my health care!
Because clearly the events that have transpired in the short time Trump has been in have stabilized the nation.
You owe an apology to the children you sold out
Oh. I guess that means undoing the double heart valve replacement my daughter was able to have. #SaveACA
what damage, specifically? How about talking to constituents?
Left to Republican plans Emergency Rooms will go back to being primary care for the poor. If you can't improve it LEAVE IT BE
thanks for looking out for your constituents. Not.
Show us the replacement plan before you take away the current one. Put your money where your mouth is
you are a disappointment to every child in America.  Shame on you
Please explain the mess!! Please do NOT repeal without a replacement plan!
vote no on DeVos!
If you're so dammed worried about the country, vote no on DeVos.
How about we repeal and replace your insurance? Sick of paying for it.
shame on you for failing the children of America
, under ACA I have lower & stable premiums, am not charged more because I'm a woman & have access to coverage w/preexisting.
please cite more specifics... Obamacare is the only reason I could afford insurance for 2 years.
Agreed. Why should we have a system that allows entrepreneurs or people with preexisting conditions  get coverage? #ACABroken
If you're going to vote to strip millions of Americans of their health insurance, what is your plan for replacement?
without ACA my brother with brain tumor & my niece with MS are both uninsurable.  Please THINK about what you are doing.
thought it was getting replaced by something better?
Yep, wouldn't want people having something that makes their lives better.
please vote NO for DeVos!!!!
please recuse from devos vote as you can see they own your ass this is just one year of donations to your pac
vote no for DeVos.  Our children's future is important.  Please vote no
'Damage done' was daughter having insurance, son covered, no limits treatment catastrophic illness, no preexisting condition.
What are you talking about??? Leave ACA alone. You're like a dog with a bone. People NEED insurance. Who pays for YOURS? !!
Vote no to DeVos!
NO "REPAIR!!!" REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! YOU LEFT PRIVATE INDUSTRY & RAN FOR SENATE 6 YRS AGO PROMISING TO GET RID OF OBAMACARE!!
You must vote NO on Devos. Your constituents insist.
I have ACA coverage & it works great for me. You're lying to your constituents. They will vote against you for it.
and who will repair the damage done already by this administration?
fine. Repair Obamacare- but please vote No on DeVos - she is not the right pick, do better for our children. Please. Begging
Hey Ronny, when r u going to hold a listening session in the Madison area?
I have been trying to call for days. Mail box is full
Between this travesty and your expected yes vote on DeVos, you can expect my $$ and my vote to go to your next opponent.
can we repeal and replace your insurance? I'm thinking my tax dollars could be spent better helping people in actual need.
Do NOT mess with ACA unless you can make it broader and cheaper, with same or better protections. We are watching.
Sen.Johnson,S. Bannon a political appointee is unfit & unqualified to sit on NSC,This is USA Security issue, do not approve!
Be kind to our nations children and our school teachers – vote no to Betsy DeVos.
stop the spin !
ANSWER YOUR PHONE

Damage? My asthmatic son has insurance thanks to the ACA. #SaveACA Don't repeal. Fix what needs fix. Keep coverage.
Do NOT repeal the ACA without replacing it with something that will keep us all covered. Lives depend on this.
There are parts of the ACA that really benefit my family.
.@SenRonJohnson one way to prove you're serious about positive change is a NO vote on DeVos.
And there is this to consider: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/aarp-obamacare-affordable-care-act_us_589280eee4b070cf8b80ab63 …
Who pays you to lie like that? Hope it's worth it--killing off sick Americans because of your greed and grift. Sad..
only damage done by Obamacare is to get ins for 30M Am. people and set minimum levels of coverage and help pre-existing ppl
What's your plan for ensuring that millions of Americans don't lose health insurance?
Your idea of "repair" is going to kill Americans who need preventive care, coverage of pre-existing conditions, & more.
Donny's BIGLY DISASTROUS Rambo raid : Raid in Yemen: Risky From the Start and Costly in the End https://nyti.ms/2jXAIBs 
And all the plans have such insanely high deductibles that having insurance does no good anyway. REPEAL LIKE YOU PROMISED!
I am too poor to pay this damned individual mandate penalty, and not poor enough to be exempt! REPEAL!!!
No, you need to repeal it like you promised. If it takes firing the stupid Senate parlimenarian, do it. Keep promises!
what damage? The real damage is not having a one payer system, but who would be bribed then?
While ACA has its problems and far from perfect,  it's helped more than it's hurt.
Damage? Health care for all.  What a terrible idea. #HealthCrisis
Your voice mail is full,your govt email is down. Are you avoiding your constituents? Vote NO DeVos Price Mnuchin.#ronjohnson
Give up your primo insurance before taking others away. Acceptable (to US!) replacement before repeal. Selfish narcissist!
What damage? Maybe you should take a look at the article in the WSJ journal today.  Oh wait, you don't care what WI thinks.
Universal Coverage would be a great fix!
vote NO to DEVOSS appointment
the only thing that needs fixing with ACA is the price people have to pay.  The content is fine.
I relied on the ACA due to pre-existing conditions. Thx for denying my family healthcare coverage.
what you are really saying is repeal anything Obama. ACA not perfect, but why not make changes instead of repealing?
You have the power now. Do your JOB and repeal Obamacare disgrace.
Taking the taxpayers for a ride: Business trip to Uruguay cost taxpayers $97,830 http://wapo.st/2l6gJAP?tid=ss_tw … . Shame on u!
so much waste...30,000,000 so far to keep Melanie safe in NYC.
let's repair health care by decreasing the number of people who have insurance and making insurance more difficult to obtain
Please do the responsible thing and work with Dems on a bipartisan replacement. Repeal through reconciliation is too risky.
such as stock market up 13000 pts/healthcare/low unemployment/ great jobs 72 mo in a row? Go get a job
Ronny boy, pray tell us what damage was done. Some folks who could never afford healthcare got it. U have a problem with that
or where you lying are stupid when you spoke those words.  Fix it or be recalled beginning in 355 days
ACA may need some improvements which is typical for such vast a regulation. The problem was the GOP boycotting everything.
This video does not have captions.  What damage?  Obamacare saves lives.  Are you being paid by Aetna too?
what is the best resource that concisely and specifically explains obamacare's failures?
How do you sleep at night? That healthcare plan is a lifeline to many and all you want is to seek revenge. #shame
Don't make us buy your vote too. #OpposeDeVos #SupportPublicEducation https://www.gofundme.com/buy-pat-toomeys-vote …
no we need #FullRepeal! @rushlimbaugh called you out today. You are out of touch.We delivered @gop all power. #nomoreexcuses
We love Obamacare. It helps so many people, including our family with pre-existing condition and a low income family member.
Yes! Those poor 20million+ who suddenly have health care! They will be so relieved to lose coverage due to prexisting conds.
your phone messages are full.  Please delete your messages. I'd like to call your office.
same here
what people being able to afford health care and thus not dying?
if by damage you mean providing people access to healthcare. Too bad the idiot governor Scott Walker didn't expand Medicaid.
why don't you talk about the mess in the White House?  Wake up Ron!
And the damage done by helping over 20 Million people get medical care was??? #healthcare #healthcrisis #health
My kids were covered, people w/ pre-existing conditions could afford insurance, 20 million Americans are now insured.
What happened to repeal and replace? #norepealwithoutaplan What most people in #Wisconsin want is #medicareforall
Is this a joke? Did you just learn what trolling is? ACA repeal will only happen if Republican would rather not win anymore.
Explain what damage. Specifics please. Insurance companies greed is one, big pharma greed is another.
. @SenRonJohnson promises to personally kill anybody whose life was saved as part of the ACA "damage"
#satire
most do not want the ACA repealed. Pay attention.
have you seen polls? My mother would be alive today if this would have been available to her.
the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT works;improve what has been a life saver for millions; oh wait, that would mean you cared!
you are an embarrassment to Wisconsin
What damage and mess?  People being able to afford healthcare for the first time?? Do your job and help people - not your ego
repealing #ACA gives us 20 million more people to oppose you and your political croanies
that 13 second clip doesn't really have a ton of specifics in it
for some reason, I feel like you're saying ACA isn't fixable because it's the party line, not because you've investigated it
#confirm deVos #repealELDs
Right. Gotta put all the sick people back in our place: standing with one foot in the grave w/no way to seek treatment!
senator trying working for the citizens of Wisconsin instead of the Republican Party and return your constitutiens emails
WE NEED TO FIX WHAT THE GOP IS DOING YOU COWARDS!! #dunptrump
Obamacare helped my family gain affordable quality healthcare. Do not repeal it. 20+ million currently take part in the ACA.
If I lose employer-provided ins., my husband can't get the meds he needs to do his job. P.S. You won due to #gerrymandering
Continued. IF you do away with pre-existing condition coverage.
Yes, Single Payer it is! I've got the VA and love it!

ok what is your fix?What have you got?Better than Obamacare, no one is stopping you. Wasting time running your mouth
Where is your plan?  #morealtfacts
we hired you to improve the system.  Give your people an idea of how you will improve coverage. No excuses!
170,000 Wisconsinites, including many of my closest friends, will lose healthcare w/ a repeal. And you have no replace plans.
how will you repair the deaths if you don't replace?
great air time. Can you make a few minutes to answer constituent questions about #muslimban?  You work for us, not @CNN
It's not worth throwing out, gov't needs to look at price control on drugs, providers, insurance industry;make it affordable
Are you even listening to your constituents in WI? Do you even care?  ACA has saved lives. Put #CountryOverParty  #integrity
and by that I hope you mean repeal, as you promised.
regulations are needed because businessmen (like you!) are only concerned with the bottom line, not how actions affect others
businesses have proved they cannot be trusted to do the right thing and they continue to ruin the lives/the planet.
Damage? 20 million more insured which helps the economy. What damage are you talking about?
no damage sir. You are incorrect. Many lives have been saved. Americans have benefited tremendously from the ACA
So true, saved mine.
is the "damage" the profit insurance companies make by only insuring healthy people? Quit whining and tell us the truth.
Sir, you need to repair education and #DeVos is not the fix. Vote NO.
Better give some detail there, Ron. What's the 'mess'? Is it the confusion of lies your party has piled on about the ACA?
Well you've had 7 years to think of something else. A replacement. An answer. SOMETHING. All you've done is whine about it.
no we do not. Get with the facts
What you need to do is vote against deVos.
but we don't need clean water right?
damage yeah kids getting insurance is damage u are going to repair which u should have done 7 yrs ago but it's all politics
specifically... what ? Name 2 or 3 worst damages please?
What damage? What mess? I pay slightly higher prices, but I don't mind because my friends who needed #ACA are still alive.
Fix it, improve it. Don't repeal it. That "mess" is keeping people alive.
Sen---that is why the people of your state and the others who voted for @realDonaldTrump put you there.  Please DO YOUR JOB!
You can do better @SenRonJohnson. Be articulate. I have a brain: tell me exactly what the mess is, and explain why you "cannot" fix it.
Yeah! All that healthcare for the 30 million Americans who did not have it before sucks! #resist
government involvement is the problem. You don't need to repair. Just walk away bro!
