Liar.
You are a fool.  You were against "acting" in 2013.  Must have been something about that POTUS you didn't like.
History won't forget that @SenRonJohnson carried water for a Russian-backed traitor. You have to live with that, Senator.
GD HYPOCRITE.
YOU sir, will go down with donny and the rest of his clowns.
Two legit idiots, who think a few dozen cruise missiles will end an intractable civil war
I do not want to live in a world where ONE lone person is able to drop bombs whenever he feels like it. In America we are a nation of laws.
It's cost us $21.6 million in 80 days for Trump alone, much more if we include his family. Any comment?
you're a hypocrite of the HIGHEST order! You denied Pres Obama the OK to do what DJT did w/out asking & you praise him? SHAME! My zip -53211
You're a liar and a hypocrite. Shame on you for ruining America

When Obama proposed SYRIA STRIKE PLAN in 2013, Johnson said admin didn't have plan for reprocussions 

Trump has NO PLAN&Johnson is thrilled https://twitter.com/SenRonJohnson/status/850469259008495616 …
.@SenRonJohnson Bullshit. .@POTUS has NO idea what the hell he is doing, while you put party over country.
except it didn't do shit. Remember when Trump said telling your enemies what you are going to do is a bad idea? I do.
Hypocrite much?
Our President is under investigation for treason and your going to let him start WWIII to distract from inves. and raise poll #'s
Your party is killing the multi-billion dollar tourism industry with warrantless searches.
Any comment?
#despicable
Please explain to me those "real consequences"?  Don't think I know of any - other than to our own budget.
Considering #DeltaAirlines was delayed longer by t-storms than Syria's airbase was from Tomahawks, it looks like it was an expensive waste.
If you're looking to disable an airfield, you attack with multiple layers. Render it all useless.
Hypocrite much?
this was an emotional reaction to an awful situation, not the way to engage in military action
So much for those principled republican defenders of the constitution !
Your memory is too short to hold any office, anywhere.
Give me a break.  It was a ploy on his part, and you fell for it.  I highly doubt Assad will stop.
So all the equipment was moved before the strike and the airfield was being used for bombing runs by the next day! So damn effective 
Something could have been done long ago but Obama actually went and asked Congress like he was supposed to you voted no remember
You are a partisan hack who puts the GOP ahead of our nation and its citizens. For shame!

How do you look your family in the face?
Hey Buddy, stop talking, your nose is growing very quickly!
So you just had problems with a Black Democrat using Military action? HYPOCRITE..
Hypocrite
.#RankHypocrite
Yes, that cafeteria will never be repaired in time for Taco Tuesday.
He had zero plan none
Hypocrites
I am concerned that he did not get approval from Congress. I oppose getting stuck in another war. What about America first?!
What "real" consequences?McMaster said strike doesn't stop attacks & in letter 2 Congress, Trump said that had been his goal.
Wage the dog Ronny!

Trump Confident U.S. Military Strike On Syria Wiped Out Russian Scandal http://trib.al/JTT6w8S  
Yes, however the greater threat to the USA is his irrational, inconsistent and irresponsible approach to his so-called leadership.
Source on how much it will cost to replace missiles:
Why is that an appropriate response? There was no investigation. You are saying you are pro war in Syria when there is no security risk.
how about when a country just uses bombs? like the US. all the time. all over the world. should that be deterred?
He usurped the process. That's what dictators do.
No.
Not sure what you think sucking up to 45 will get you. Maybe you should come home and see what WI voter really think of how you are doing
No, he didn't you nitwit. All he did was waste millions and millions of dollars.
Your pants =  Unconstitutional attack managed to launch 59 missiles at airbase and miss every runway? Do. Your. Job. #TrumpRussia
I can't answer real questions. I only go on Fox News.
So if Obama or Clinton did the same thing. It would have been OK? Somehow, I do not think you would have the same feeling.
I guess bombs w/out gas is ok to use on people that oppose a state/government ?
@All100Senators @POTUS How 'real' when you bomb an airbase but you don't hit ANY runways?? Assad flying planes from base now!
Doesn't look like he caused much damage in Syria. Plus he tipped off Putin. AND didn't inform/seek approval from Congress. You're a twit Ron
What did this accomplish? Why wasn't Congress asked for approval? Does DJT now have carte blanche to wage war?
Without congressional approval! Wtf!?! For a group who's soooo into the constitution you sure can ignore it when convenient
why approve of this now but not when Obama wanted to in 2013 ( and he at least asked permission from Congress)
Syria used that base today to launch more airstrikes. How many innocent people died? 59 Tomahawk missiles wasted. You are deluded.
We agree with Senator Johnson. The obama administration was made up of garbage didn't care about the U.S just money and power.
#paytoplay
Is it now our policy to alert allies of our target of our plans, so that the target can move their assets to safety? #TrumpRussia
REPUBLICAN LIE REPUBLICAN B S .
Query -- Why was Syria able to launch airstrikes from that airfield after the strike?
Senator Johnson can address the mass death & famine that we are responsible for in Yemen. We are producing real consequences there, too.
OBAMA +SYRIA PLAN+CONSTITUTIONALLY ASK CONGRESS=@SenateGOP @HouseGOP SAID NOPE. TRUMP DOES IT ILLEGALLY+NO PLAN=GOP SAY AWESOME!!!
How many active aircraft were destroyed? (Hint - Less than One)
Did you learn about it after the Kremlin? #Corruption #saveUS
And yet, he elected NOT to destroy the chemical weapons at that airfield.
DUH...just what they needed was that crap flying all over Syria.
