or to the people...
Will you actually hold a town hall, or perhaps actually answer questions at a phone meeting?  #RisforRedneck
Great pic of two guys who should be in jail. I'm ashamed to say you represent my state. #hypocrites
nice that ROJO only gives Snotty Scotty time of day will not meet with constituents
@ScottWalker @GovWalker you didn't threaten him with arrest as you do your voters?
How come Sen. Johnson won't come to Wisconsin to talk to his constituents in person?
This is what you are wasting your time doing? Try calling for Jeff Sessions to resign for lying under oath.
or talking to your constituents.
How about printing the 1st Amendment above that! Opinion:GOP Senator Threatens Constituent
cringe worthy pose, after you are done giggling with each other how about you address the ACA mess GOP is making.
two peabrains in a pod.
How about you 2 doing some work for ur constituents for a change? Do we pay u to stand around like this?
Ron Johnson a coward and traitor to the people.
Presumably the 5th Amendment
@ScottWalker @GovWalker yes, please get ride of the FAA. Where does the Const say that the Feds can regulate flying machines?
so apparently you have to be a Governor to find Senator Johnson.
you should be talking to your constituents! You're a coward!! #VoteHimOut
Both definitely want to get rid of the 1st amendment - violating it all the time. Destroying WI
This is why Wisconsin is in such dire straights financially. U 2 have ur fun while we struggle to pay our bills.
You rank the amendment used to justify slavery ahead of freedom of speech and freedom of the press? Interesting.
Your boy Jeff Beauregard likes that one too. He's gonna like the 5th amendment better tho. #resist
Or to the people, you forget that part. Convenient.
So you're both against SB446?
And working together, you didn't even need to take your shoes off to count that high, eh?
Glad you two are having fun because we the people are not!
Bill of Rights was designed to protect individuals. You pick the only one not specifically for individuals. #lame
Oh, no 'cease and desist' letter for him? Thought you were handing them out randomly.
#worsegovernorever #ourdumbsenator
Ron - come on, you work for the people.  We the people demand Trump tax returns.  What's he got to hide, right?
just stop 
and I thought it was the 2nd amendment.  I'd appreciate you not cherry picking.
Is your office staff planning on taking out a restraining order against Walker? You won't, but I sure would!
You certainly must have blocked "or to the people" out of your mind. I reckon you can only understand so much.
not many positive comments here Senator, maybe you should try listening to your constituents.
sen ron John is on his final lap... will be awesome when officially no one cares what he says until townhall?
both will be gone because of Ron John's C&D - he don't want to C Deez
I did not get a C&D letter yet - bring it on big guy... I bet I can get more likes :-)
.@SenRonJohnson @GovWalker all that time could have been spent meeting with constituents - too bad your coward to see that we do not support
You guys need to pay more attention to the last four words of the tenth amendment.
which is why you guys like screwing over the powerless people with your power.
You did not answer any of the questions in today's phone in town hall. We need town hall in EauClaire #TownHall
Wow.   (And not in a good way.)
Cowards http://flip.it/Tj4UUN 
do your job or do we need to wave some cash in your face for you to listen? You work for us senator #yourlastterm
you let him in? Or did you call the police on him? I heard he's been making lots of phone calls to you
you should meet with the people who hired you. You know, your bosses.

When are you planning to hold a #townhall?
I'm guessing it's not the 13th.......
how about a #TownHall to hear what #Wisconsin has to say
No Cease and Desist letter for him. You Sir are there to SERVE your constituents.  RESIGN if you can't do that.
neat! Now can you please do a live town hall event?
Except for matters of voting rights and protections for transgender youth, right?
you passed on the 13 before that before finding one you liked most?
you are shameless
Scooter is in the running for worst governor (of all 50). Wisconsin losing respect and cred with him at the helm.
@ScottWalker
I'm pretty sure @GovWalker's favorite amendment is the 5th.
oh, so you have to be a gov to get a live meeting? #meetwithyourconstituents #shameonyou
YOU TWO ARE NO MORE THAN KOCHSUCKERS AND TRUMPSUCKERS , GET YOUR BULLSHIT OUT OF KOCHSCONSIN .
You shouldn't be talking to Walker. You should be talking to your voters at a Town Hall @SenRonJohnson
true Wisconsinites would have the 21st on the wall. Poor representation.
.@SenRonJohnson .@GovWalker "The People" want ACA healthcare, clean water, Fed lands protected, fair/just gov, freedom 2 choose +more #fools
You two are just off the hook!! How much are we paying you clowns?
You both only care about big $ interests.  WI has become a joke to the rest of the country because of ur greed
Hey Ron.  When are we going to have a town hall over in La Crosse.  Lots of things to discuss. #ACA #Medicare
Or will I get a  C & D for asking too?  My calls, letters, emails and faxes don't get answered either.  #LISTEN
Look at the Nazis laughing at our Constitution
Poor George looks ashamed to be sandwiched between you two yahoos.
Yes he is.  #RECALL
Gee, I always wanted to live in a loose federation of kingdoms.
Two slimy liars.
the 14th?!?!
God Bless the poor intern yall made take this while you posed.  This is embarrassing
wow crooks that is what I see
That's a lot of douchiness in one room.
