why dont you just move to Moscow.
and my family has defended the Constitution for a century. So, yeah, Im not going to be a Trump fanboy!
Oh, and best believe I vote! Enjoy being the minority!
well, it seems the federal courts have been ruling against those gerrymandered dicstricts lately...
Why do you believe that reducing restrictions on polluting streams and mining in public lands is good for our state?
1st Question: When will you have an in-person, in Wisconsin Town Hall?
@IndivisibleMad It's a step in the right direction, but not like in-person town halls  @SenatorBaldwin has held 2017.
His "town hall" was staffers lobbing softballs for less than half an hour. They asked him a question about his fucking beard. What a prick.
It remains difficult to schedule meetings at your D.C. Office. Either an answering machine or no replies to emails. Help?
@IndivisibleMad Seriously?  Less than 24 hour notice; mid-afternoon; FB. #notok
Q: Sen., do you think that Comey is going to indict anyone in Trump's campaign for colluding with the Russians? #resist
That's not good enough, chicken shit
when are you and your republican brothers going to actually put some legislation together for the good of the nation
Sorry, as citizen of WI, you do not dictate to me, your boss, how I must limit my questions.  We need a free flow of dialog
why isn't there an active investigation of pizzagate?
are you in favor of TorBrowsers and VPNs for all your constituents that do not want their Internet activity sold to corps.?
what are your thoughts on nullification?
how are you working on getting the federal government out of education?
After the recently failed health care bill, what is next? Will you even work across the aisle to improve health care?
why are you pushing for more intervention in wars? How much in contributions do you get from the military industrial complex?
what are you doing to prevent civil forfeiture by the government? The govt stole more than actual criminals in 2015 & 16
agree or disagree...taxation is theft? Support your stance
why isn't congress working on cutting spending? I don't mean cutting the projected increase. I mean actually cut spending
why isn't congress working on cutting taxes?
why isn't congress working on cutting more regulations?
how do you plan to stop vault 7 and other similar programs that spy on Americans?You took an oath to uphold constitution
why don't we try a new philosophy with the Middle East and withdraw? 16 years and things have gotten worse.
would you support a bill to have an independent audit of the federal reserve? Why or why not?
do you support a full repeal of the affordable care act?
Why are we forced limit our questions to facebook and 125letter tweets? Face your constituents!
Why R politicians, who most R already millionaires, entitled 2 Cadillac health insurance then vote 2 cut constituent coverage
with a proj. atmos. carbon of 670 ppm & acidification effecting shell formation in sea life, why do you hate living things?
do you support municipal broadband policies giving consumers a real choice from companies now likely to sell them off to the highest bidder?
What evidence would lead you to support a bipartisan investigation of Trump-Russia and have we seen it yet?
When will you have one in person where your staff can't control the questions asked?
I'd like to buy your browsing history. How's $25 sound?
with outside spending on elections quadrupling after Citizens United (1)
& a correlation between spending and political polarization how long can democracy last like this?
You've betrayed us by selling out to ISPs for $123,652 which went to your PAC...this data=ss#, health info...chump chg to you
why not get trump tax returns, insist on special committee, reject repeal and replace and reject regs for epa to dirty steam.
What are you doing to improve diversity in the legislative branch?  Do you think predominantly white men is representative of the country?
How do you feel about the proposed budgets that eliminate Great Lakes restoration and remediation funding?
Do you think companies that receive tax breaks should be required to drug test their executives and directors who benefit most?
can you explain your reasoning to vote in favor of allowing ISPs to sell user data?
Why don't you hold in-person townhalls?  Your constituents expect to speak with you, and let you see the faces of people you affect.
Why doesn't the politicians live under the same insurance as the people?!
Do you support single-payer healthcare? Replacing partial employee premiums w/ a tax would see better care for less money.
Can you explain how President Trump's cuts to  NEA funding which includes libraries, is good for WI? Do you support the cuts?
Why aren't you doing more to support your Muslim constituents?
Will you be hitching your wagon to Trump, no matter what he does?  You haven’t denounced him in any way so I assume, yes.
Why did you vote to allow companies to sell our browsing history without our consent, a clear invasion of privacy?
what proof do you have that regs harm Americans more than help them? And you can't base your answer on one/a few anecdotes
and let's operate with the concept that corporations are not "Americans"
Did the fact that ISPs gave you $123K influence you to help sneak thru legislation you know voters are against?
with $88 trillion of wealth & 85% of that held by the top 20% Why on earth do you constantly side with the wealthy?
.@SenRonJohnson You wrote "continues to hide behind phones and keyboards instead of holding a town hall" wrong. But we'll still be there.
Why did you vote to have our browsing history sold to the highest bidder? Corporations over people Gorsuch
Why aren't companies with government sponsored monopolies (Telco and Cable providers)  obligated to protect users' privacy?
Why won't the GOP UNITE?? STAND TOGETHER! Stop the infighting & let's get things DONE!
what are you going to do with your $123,652.00? Invest in a vpn service perhaps?
