**CORRUPTION ALERT** wants to arrest citizens who call or go in person to his office to request town halls.
it would be amazing if you could talk about this in your next town hall
but who will pay for experimental treatment when no one has affordable insurance?
if you don't want to meet with your constituents -resign. It's your job !
would love a town hall
repub snowflake afraid of his constituents.  What a coward. Do your job.
good, they all should be
You need to resign - you can't take the heat 
I'm a Californian & just read this. I'm appalled. Meet with your constituents or quit. Its your job! #TownHall
another cowardly republican who refuses to answer to constituents #TownHall. Now threatens arrest of constituents.
who do you answer to? The voters or big business. You don't have to reply we already know the answer.
HAVE A TOWN HALL, SON
Senator Johnson, can I have the right to try to get a town hall with my senator?
I oppose. Any appropriate medications are already available in clinical trials and off label. No more options are safe!
Right to Try sells false hope to the people who can least afford it.
Can you please post your #Town Hall dates and locations here please? I know many who would like to meet with U
Jesus died for your sins and this guy hid in a corner from his people.
don't you have the guts to go to your own town hall?  Cease &     desist to your constituency?!Poor form sir. #resist
He's a coward!!
Don't forget who you work for and get paid by.  You should resign if you don't want to do your elected job 
Wow - you deigned to have a constituent in your presence WITHOUT a cease and desist letter?? #ProfilesInCourage
#DoYourJob #GrowAPair #FaceYourConstituents
Cease and desist, Senator. Your tweets are harassing me.
you WILL comply or you will be replaces
our tax dollars pay your salery! yoy work for us! you do what WE tell you too, not your big donors, DO YOUR job
coward!! Schedule a townhall and face your constituents!!

.@SenRonJohnson @POTUS -- Guess you don't want your job, come re election.

Coward.
You refuse to hear your constituents, and then threaten them with citizens arrest? You're a coward #TownHall
seems like this could be fun for you to talk about at a town hall, lil buddy!
letters to everyone that asks you? That's a coward!!!! You're an embarrassment to the good state of Wisconsin! COWARD!!!!!!
Isn't it time you get the guts to face your constituents by holding a town hall? Or are you going to send cease and desist
seriously? Cease and desist!? What a coward. You work for US.
Can I ask about Town Halls here, or will you sic your lawyers on me? For shame!
, Team 45=Traitors All of the. #Totus #RussianPrez #UncleVladmir #Traitors #YouToo
I don't think you understand your job. I hope it lands you in jail for misusing the courts.
As a public servant sir, you have an obligation to serve your constituents.  Unenforceable C&D is a cowards move.
Waaaah! I can't handle seeing my own constituents holding signs!  Waaaaaah!  #Resign
maybe you should focus on doing a townhall instead of threatening your constituents
Did you threaten to call the cops on your constituents! That is appalling!
did u send them a cease&desist order too?What?You won't talk to your constituents, you know the 1s YOU represent
@exploitation of women and children
wow you are some sort of coward. Cease and desist letter? You're no senator (or man).
coward
Schedule a townhall. #coward #cantstandheatgetoutofthekitchen
when is your next #TownHall Would love to talk about issues for people of #Wisconsin
Just called and left message
Daily reminder that you are a public servant who is #failing at serving the public. Time to schedule a #TownHall, Senator.
Is this true? I wouldn't put it past him, but do you have some proof?
Yep, I found one. Looks like we're going to have to double our efforts to be heard. 202-224-5323.
go to your town hall meetings. Coward.
