Leaker? Traitor? One in the same.
You have my respect Sen. McCain but GOP is 61% behind Russia and that's anti-American.
But @SenJohnMcCain and the rest of the US government is 100% behind nations like Turkey & Saudi Arabia. The real danger.
Did y'all discuss all the people you got killed in Syria?
enjoy it while it lasts. You can't win against us and your @POTUS.
You POS, Trump plays chess, you play checkers................
again pushing the inaccurate belief that NATO had created global peace. Quite the opposite in fact. Just look around.
why do you continue to divide our rep. party? just resign or democrats will win again
Not ok  to ask our soldiers to commit war crimes
I am SCREAMING at you .. do something.
 http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58d5d3f5e4b0f633072b37db?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
Meeting, meeting.... when you will start protecting people of EU against Isis and stop collaborating with Tiran Erdogan?!
Acting more presidential than the president.
@NATO
Yes! Thank God for Senator McCain! 
Nobody wants a New World Order except for evil people like you.
I would imagine they were relieved to say hello to an adult
Why did you talk about Trump in Brussels?  It's unwritten rules not to talk outside the country.
Stop THE NWO  We Americans don't want it. We want our country back. RESIGN. MARCH COMING UP TO DEMONSTRATE RESIGNATION OF YOU
The USA has been attacked by Russian. Nefarious appointees are harming USA as fast as they can. #mayday
 “A Cry To NATO” by @DameJEMarshall
Finished nerds ...
Need new blood in Government.  The White House looks like a Geriatric Unit
Please stop Trump & his treasonous Admin before it's too late. Some GOP have to put national security over GOP
Did you discuss about fellow soldiers you killed in Vietnam too?
3 fools stand and smile
your five foot three? 5' 3"? Holy sh-t. No wonder why your angry
BOONDOGGLE=DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Our loyalty is judge for how we stand up for America when she needs us most. Ty @SenJohnMcCain 
You have no business there.  We have a SecState. #fuckingtraitor
You let yourself down today and the US also. Stop criticising your President
war on terror. Cooperation amongst international law enforcement agencies should be top priority.
Stop warmongering !
John McCain you traitor you should be hanging on the end of a rope for treason
Welcome to Belgium. Nice to see one of the best and most respected US Senators of the last 50 years in our country
You bashed our President. Keep UR tratorism to URself! CHILDISH & STUPIT!!!
No one wants you in Brussels. Get out.  Stop doing the globalist's agenda
= you called Rand Paul a 'RUSSIAN'. You're Neo-McCarthyism is DISGUSTING. U going DOWN
главная тройка мировых агрессоров
@NATOpress @NATO @jensstoltenberg @SenRonJohnson #STOPNATO #WARCRIMINALS #YANKEEGOHOME
How Many Arizonans did you meet with in BRU
#TownHall
Local, Western issues await attn
Pres Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump needs to put you on a leash! You want WW3! #MAGA
john McCain you are a selfish traitor
we TRUMP supporters  are going to have to vote out a lot of Republican congressman this midterm
word is---you're the leaker.
if you're the leaker #warforprofit McCain, we will finally see your a$$ tried for #treason! #disgraceful #unhinged
how could you vote for this Ron Johnson?
LOOK MOM-THEIR ARE 3 USELESS TRAITORS WHO MIGHT BE INVOLVED IN PIZZA GATE
John McCain is the Jane Fonda of the US Senate.
Glad your meeting with NATO . So important
Thank God some folks know how to govern.
at least he thinks so. Bitter deluded old man. Sad to see a hero fall so low.
Will you be voting "No" on Montenegro? With #Manaford involvement, no trust.
Quit  badmouthing our president.
Please as a Wisconsinite  - PLEASE, don't get hooked into John McCain and his politics
.... and really piss Putin off by admitting Ukraine into NATO
NATO is a bulwark against Putin that's why #45 isn't a fan
Too Bad you only speak for Arizona or should I say Tweet like a Songbird.
Great. Did you tell the no-load members to pay what they agreed to?
You are personally responsible for 250k dead Syrians,
"Operation Zero Footprint"
what did they say about NK?
who has made Mc Cain the Sec of State or Defense? He needs to retire absurd
He's just filling in while Tillerson naps ...
Too bad you still kiss the ring of NATO's biggest foe, Trump. Nice photo op though.
You should be home in a wheel chair.  RINO
It would be a great meeting if you were discussing the impeachment of Donnie!

Are you a Sen for USA? What do you do for America?
#Trumprussia ??????????
Thank you!  You represent our country well...and understand importance of NATO!!
who says you speak for our country let one out predident
r u cutting side deals on arms sales?  I know that's some big business for u and NATO.
Well done. Did you inform SecGen that POTUS will start invoicing NATO for US support?
Три дебила. - это сила!
So, is it just you doing all the diplomacy now? #TillersonAWOL
great to see a real SOS in action
You need to be home cleaning up the Russia mess that Trump has gotten our country into...So many true Americans are SCARED
Do U2 maybe think it's in best interest of U.S. Nat. Sec to focus on evicting the Traitors in @WhiteHouse?

Get back to fixing problems in our state and Country for a change. Self appointed
good work Senator
Thank you sir for somehow maintaining a steady, wise presence amid the WH lunacy.
= it could not be any sweeter to see leftists merging with #neoCONS
Senator-sent you an email re:ComradeTRUMP and Putin.Please read it,respond,protect USA!
did you talk about how you sold out your supporters by signing a bill to let ISPs sell our privacy for profit?
Was Prez Bannon ok with your meeting with Nato Sir ?
plotting more wars I see or just arming more terrorist which one is it today
I guess @SenJohnMcCain is our de facto Sec State for the time being
Great meeting w/ @NATO Secretary General @jensstoltenberg & @SenRonJohnson in #Brussels today #BrusselsForum 
good one Adam
Are you watching these knuckleheads in The House fight over this bill?
such a relief to see an isolated act of normally-functioning governance.
