Vote no on Betsy DeVos.  Totally unqualified!
can't wait to hear what constituents wanted vs what you voted
Really that's so funny to see you on the phone.  Not when I call. #presidentbannon
Not getting through today. You mailbox full. Please support the ACA. A lifesaver for millions of Americans.My family included
DeVos would be an embarrassment. No idea of growth/proficiency (pretty important) and thinks grizzlies attack schools...idiot
I'm having trouble getting through on the phone, but wanted to encourage you to vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos.
But are you actually listening?
I live in Wisconsin and I say vote NO on Devos.
You have a responsibility to your constituents to hear what they have to say and respond. You are simply not doing your job.
Have sent two emails to vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Already heard back from @tammybaldwin but nothing from you.
@WiStateJournal @CapTimes @isthmus I've called every day for a week, all offices, no answer, voicemail is full. Head in sand.
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS
@TomAdler @SenRonJohnson Vote NO on DeVos
in case you didn't hear my voicemail, vote NO on DeVos. She is not qualified for the job, she shouldn't be hired. #noDevos
Why does your Washington number forward to Oshkosh line with full voicemail? Vote "No" on DeVos.
I called but no room in you voice mail. Please dont support DeVos. Not qualified! America can do better!!
vote NO on Sessions & Devos!! #NoOnSessions and #NoonDeVos
glad to see you taking calls unlike Ryan. However, the next step is to ACTUALLY listen! Do not allow these cabinet noms!
I agree w/ Denny. He needs to listen 2 his constituents and vote on behalf of the people! #NoDevos #Indivisible
Please pass along to committee members America doesn't want "white nationalist" Bannon in gov't at all. Thank you. #Bannon
vote NO on Sessions! No on DeVos! Uphold our Wisconsin values as you claimed! #noDevos #NoSessions Now empty your voicemail!
Are you serious?  Is that why constituents are receiving threatening letters  from your office not to visit or call?
vote NO to DeVos. She's no good for our education system.
VOTE NO TO DEVOS!
My child has autism and goes to MPS. Do the right thing and vote NO to Betsy DeVos. My sons futures depends on this vote.
I still can't get through, all your voicemails are full, & you still haven't said which cabinet nominees you do/don't support
no return calls.  No pickup.  Vote NO  DeVos. She failed her hearing and is beyond incompetent.
-tried this, was told this venue is "down for maintenance" - for how long, I wonder?
so glad to know you are listening. I am counting on you to vote #NoOnSessions and #NoonDeVos neither are competent for jobs
#NoDevos ##Indivisible
vote no on DeVos. She is unqualified.
I completely agree Amanda! DeVos is not qualified! #NoDevos #indivisible
Sent email as the voicemail is full. Hope you are taking these opposition messages seriously. This has gone too far already.
haha...nice photo opp. I'll believe it when I actually get a human on the other end. What are we paying you for anyway?
.@SenRonJohnson But will you respond with something other than a form letter? I've been trying to reach you.
thanks. Please I have called and emailed but did not get a response. Please vote no for #BetsyDeVos
NO to Betsy DeVos. She will decapitate our public schools. 19 year school board member here. #noDevos
Ron, buddy, did you just write your own name on that pad of paper and then scribble beneath it?
I can't get through on your phones.
.@SenRonJohnson Called six times today. #JustMissedYouRon
I  every day, leave name # & concern, never  anything from U. Sent email, got auto reply, face it, GOP gives us big ole
Voicemail full.
I am one of your constituents - can't get to you on the phone. You need to vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
for the good of WI children please vote NO on DeVos #NoForDeVos
No one picks up; voicemail sometimes full. Let your constituents talk to you!
Hard to do that when your DC mailbox is full.
As a student in the UW system and who graduated from public school I am concerned about Betsy DeVos lack of knowledge.
No one was picking up at any of your three offices that I called today.
this string of responses are all saying the same thing. ALL ur constituents, ALL saying the SAME THING. I hope u listen.
I tried calling you, but your mailbox is full.
VOTE NO on DEVOS!!! @SenRonJohnson
yep, you just have to provide ALL of your information.@SenRonJohnson
We'll keep calling, friend.  When will you be at a public event?  Constituents demand that YOU support the Constitution.
cant reach you re:Muslim ban does more to harm homeland security than refugees ever could. Where do u stand? DO you stand?
Your HSA Committee phone line is constantly busy/vmail always full. Bannon has NO business being part of the NSC. @SenRonJohnson
yeah how bout y'all send emails they're easier to ignore. We gotcha loud and clear.
and then what are you doing after you get our feedback?
so where's your statement on the immigration EO? Voicemail box is full and no response to my email.
Vote no on DeVos- completely lacks qualifications & basic understanding of issues.  Stand up for my kids by demanding better
Great! Look forward to talking with your team tomorrow. Lots to cover!
called and once again voicemail is full!!! When & where is next town hall!
Vote no on Sessions and DeVos, and condemn the EO on immigration and Bannon on the NSC. We note your silence thus far.
nice grimace. Is that your no vote face for these unqualified, embarrassing, dangerous nominees? I hope so #CountryOverParty
Tried calling all the of your offices x2, and have not reached a human. Concerned that you're not hearing your constituents.
If I need anything, I'll call Al Franken. You're useless.
your mailbox is still full.  Peraps you should listen to your constituents and vote against Jeff sessions
.@SenRonJohnson Please request that every Sen, who accepted campaign contributions from the DeVos family, recuse themselves. #draintheswam
Thank you! I've left messages, but just to be sure: VOTE NO to Tillerson, Davos, Price, and Sessions.
I hope your hold time isn’t as long as your 29 hour delay to post a photo.
"This is one of those clarifying moments in American history." https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/a-clarifying-moment-in-american-history/514868/?utm_source=twb …
FAKE NEWS!  Sad!
I have not been able to get through to your office at all this week. Still trying.
I beg you to please remove Bannon! His advisement to Trump causing careless  and unconstitutional chaos!
#FireBannon
Vote no on Jeff Sessions!
Don't let government waste Billions on a wall, use that money for infrastructure, education, and healthcare!
Bring back the Joint Chiefs! Brannon should not be on the security council.
you support the Muslim ban for safety's sake, right? How about the 93 people per DAY killed w firearms? Safety issue or nah?
Speak out against the Muslim Ban!
Speak out against DeVos! She's not right for Wisconsin schools.
vote no on Sessions. Maybe pick somebody not racist? Just a thought.
I have called or visited nearly every day to remind you of the values you claim to have. Never heard back.
I called and filled out the email form to talk about Mrs. DeVos. Should I expect to hear back or at least acknowledge it was received?
I also filled out email form two weeks ago with straightforward question and did not even receive autoresponse.
Your tweet appears to be a Republican lie. Your mailbox is full. Only racists will confirm J Sessions
I called you and left a message VOTE NO on DEVOS
So does this mean we can expect a statement on Trump's #MuslimBan? Or still nah?
He called it a "pretty reasonable proposal"
so I assume they fixed whatever issue you were having where I could not reach the D.C. Office?
No thanks. We will continue to call. You don't pay attention to this or emails.
I think you're awesome but I call your office all the time, and have only gotten a live answer once.
