Dysfunction is changing rules instead of putting forth nominees who r actually qualified. You don't change rules 4 a problem unique 2 Trump.
Exactly. It will come back to bite them in the behind, unless they somehow know Rs & 45 will be in power & hold the majority in perpetuity.
But if/when they lose the majority and the Ds can use a rule change against them, they will accuse Ds of abuse of power.
You would be correct, and the dysfunction is coming directly from the WH and aided by the (R) House & Senate, which is why we #Resist
Yes!  Someone is thinking!
Fix it you are in charge and have a willing and able @POTUS
I suggest you start distancing yourself from the WH and start representing your constituents, or this will be your last term.
It's his last term anyway. He's already stated he's not running again. He has nothing to lose and everything to gain by ignoring us.
I hadn't heard that, but thank all the gods!
Try a little bipartisanship.  What does the republican party of no, led by no one, with no agenda, have to lose?
But you won't take a stand on trump's lies about Don jr. meeting. "Oh, so much else to look at." LOOK AT IT. Don't brush it under the rug.
While I agree with you (which I have not often done), I think right now, with the WH climate being what it is, vetting everyone is good.
Make that extreme vetting, until we can figure out what the h.e.double toothpicks is going on.
Be the change we are looking for! Signed: one of your constituents
I disagree. This particular example doesn't prove the Washington dysfunction. It proves that Trump's nominees are sub-standard.
You're part of that dysfunction, deadbeat...
How can we trust you when you have done just that in Wisconsin?...and continue to do that in Washington.
Pot meet kettle. Kettle? This is pot.
Trump has been inexcusably slow in making nominations, leaving us horribly weak as a nation.
You have a lot of nerve complaining about confirmations when you refused to even have hearings for Garland.
If only you spent this much energy ensuring Wisconsin residents all have a higher education and healthcare. #wrongpriorities
Who is this "we"? aren't you pretty much at the center of the dysfunction?
Then vote McConnell out!
The counter arguments to making the process easier are the supremely unqualified people that have made it through the existing system...
Your op-ed @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan are intellectually dishonest and hypocritical.
You're the biggest part of the problem Ron
Your right!  Repeal the 17th Amendment!
You mean so the Gerrymandered districts created by both parties can pick the Senate?  That is no different than what we have now.
I can't help you if you don't understand the difference!
Do you understand what the 17th amendment does?
Allow a certain time limit to get confirmation or they automatically get confirmed.
Just change the rule: give opposition a couple of hours total to oppose.
If you were really quoting the bible, you wouldn't be sitting idly by while others' blood is shed. Support background checks!
Senate is the problem, not White House. The Senate is hyper partisan & Republicans are hyper losers as leaders. Hate OUR @POTUS ? Resign!
While it's a convenient excuse It's not as simple as just being the fault of the Democrats.
Eliminate 75% of the federal governments footprint. Eliminate the Dept of Education, labor, energy, etc.
you are the washington dysfunction #hypocrite @devilradio
@SenRonJohnson Evaluating nominees is your job. Please do it, even if it takes more than 2 hours.
Are you calling for your own recall vote?
Soros said in Aussie News he was enraged '16 loss of power.Obama spoke on US TV he intended 2setup shadow govt. Soros: "Trump won't last 1yr
Unless @SenRonJohnson @SenateMajLdr give FULL support, Soros could get his wish. @realDonaldTrump has great policy goals people voted for.
Right. If there's one thing we've learned so far, it's that Trump nominates top quality people.
LOL. You are the very epitome of both 'sitting idly by' and 'Washington dysfunction.'
Yes, leave.
#MondayMotivation stop blaming #Obamacare problems in WI on #ACA.  Walker didn't take money for #medicaid expansion.  Start there.
how about you put together a proposal to remove the dangerous, senile, mentally unstable man w/ the nuclear codes from office #ImpeachTrump
So senator, what's your plan?
You mean like voting to confirm a nominee because you received a $48,000 donation?
But you are accepting of this - very accepting
Do something then! You're the freakin senator!
When will you be leaving ?
That's right! So stop enabling it!  Don't need rule change.  Get back to the way it's supposed to be.
So you're saying 2 wrongs make a right? They did it so we should do it too? Do you have any principles? How about 45 picks quality over $$?!
Sorry you should have not take the SCOTUS seat so pay the price.
Your party has sold it's soul to a moronic racist so you can take away people's healthcare to give tax cuts to millionaires
They delayed the nominees because this administration is corrupt. Just like you are corrupt and have acted against your constituents.
The only dysfunction is Washington is from your comrade @realDonaldTrump How much are the Russians paying you? #traitors #ImpeachTrumpNow
You fail to mention that Trump has so many judicial nominations to make, because you & the GOP used the rules to stop Obama's picks.
You a enable all of it
Dysfunction is republicans are in charge. People who don't believe in government running government doesn't work. #wisconsin #gop #complicit
Changing the rules to pass legislation isn't the answer. Try to work together &compromising instead of bullying.
I hope this means that some of our representatives will say enough is enough and use common sense and respect to work for the common good.
Impeach and vote all that voted "yes" to take health insurance away from millions.....out.
Have you met The Resistance?
Well we voted to have a Rep majority in the house, the Senate & @POTUS but that doesn't seem to matter any more. WE GET LIED TO EVERY DAY!!!
Have supported you wholeheartedly for past few years; conservative voting score only mid-range. Pick side & stay with it! Conservatism wins.
try voting against the Trump insane agenda.
And he hasn't nominated anyone because he doesn't trust anyone but friends and family, and he's running out of those.
That and how many people WON'T work for him.
That you're a part of?
No we should protest until Congress impeaches the Trump Klan
This is cute, Senator. You want to pretend now that you're not part of it?
You are contributing to it by your refusal to work across the aisle
Start by getting rid of you and your #paytoplay LYING AND COWARDLY WAYS
Typical GOP   Ignore laws meant to ensure you represent your constituents to protect your donors.
The idea is not bad; the people Trump has proposed are conficted and poorly chosen. The problem is WH   Look at the scandal and turnaround!
You are quick to criticize others when you just defending defunding of health care, an effort in which you failed. Try having a real message
You are Washington dysfunction
You are a poster child for Washington dysfunction. Do your job and represent us constituents for once.
Senator, your frustration is fundamentally misplaced. You can either define leadership for years to come or pass conservative legislation.
Senator,  I hope you can lead the change to bipartisan statesmanship.   6 year terms and 60 votes was great insight by our forefathers.
Six year terms voted in again and again is NOT what "founding fathers" intended! Career & politician were NOT intended to go together.
Does this not ignore the fact that the administration simply hasn't nominated people or has no plan to?
You are a traitor to America.
You've got a loooong wait! Leftist hack! Trump/Pence 2016-2024! Then President Pence 2024-2032! USA won't be socialist any time soon.
Uninformed, ill-educated, blind radical alt-left whack-job! Oops, did I leave out delusional liar?!
Give me a break! This won't fix Trump, or Garland.
You guys are hopeless.
So, instead of gaining Dem cooperation, you codify the ability to obstruct? Also, rich since the GOP obstructed nearly every breath Obama tk
But....you all do just that
NOW you're saying this?
Soooo...  You're resigning then?
Does @realDonaldTrump & his merry band of deplorables factor into this or have you lost yourself in an abyss of cognitive dissonance?
Garland.
Then get rid of Trump, and start representing your citizens, not just the wealthy ones.

Don't sit then DO SOMETHING



