A clear sign of bad leadership - the infighting among his staff is unparalleled. Everyone is scared. Time for the 25th amendment
And security leaks?! What about prez loco spilling his guts to Russia? There's your big fat leak!
Maybe because it's actually this administration doing the leaking.  Like 45 did with the Russians about Israel?!?!!!  Look in a mirror
Your words:

"“Dedicated men and women who take a risk to expose wrongdoing ... in fed gov't deserve the respect and support of our nation."
I believe the leakers once caught should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  First, a change of venue get the case out of DC
Speaking of leaks how many people from the last administration still have security clearance? Take them ALL away.  Good start as any.
We know who is leaking secrets: the president. Other than that, has the free press gotten any classified info? Then that isn't a leak.
Start locking up the leakers!!! It will stop.
I thought @realdonaldtrump was going to surround himself with 'all the best people'? #cluelesspresident
Thank God for those leaks! If not we wouldn't know how crooked you all are!
Real news:
Like when Obama massively increased the deficit?
What was that @mikeskara0 ?


All coming from trump.
Democracy in action, Ron. Other branches of government compensate for rot at the top.
Damaging to whom?
We know who is leaking secrets: the president. Other than that has the free press hasn't gotten any classified info? Then that isn't a leak.
Don't you wonder why?   We all want to protect real people and he threatens America
Isn't the president responsible for many of the leaks?
So find the leakers. Comey admitted leaking, arrest him
Leaks damaging to national security are treasonous; leaks damaging to a president with criminal ties & foreign entanglements are patriotic.
Why did the ethics officer resign?   Couldn't take the irony?
So this administration is incompetent? Thanks for the clarification.
Yeah it's coming from Donald J Trump!
8 months ago you thought leaks were fantastic and now suddenly you're all up in arms about leaks. Hmm, weird.
What is ur point in tweeting this constantly? Are u offering a solution, continuing the rhetoric about #fakenews, or what? I'm confused.
Senator.  I don't understand why you are surprised? Don't you think that is a reflection of the Trump administration?  What else is new??
If only we had a strong DHS Committee leader who cared about stopping them as much as he cared about hurting poor people
Pro Tip: Linking to a story on Fox News is not a way to convince people of your argument.
More like hurting @realDonaldTrump
sticking to the GOP talking points
You're supporting his propaganda. How sickening. He is the national security risk, and so's his admin. And so are you for supporting.
Why are you so up in arms about leaks today, Mr. Johnson? Something coming for you?
Are you saying he hasn't been capable of garnering loyalty and respect in his administration?
http://www.townandcountrymag.com/society/money-and-power/a10267854/trump-taj-mahal-auction-sale-details/ …

With @POTUS in office  I'm afraid this will happen to America!
This is a distraction. Tell us how you plan to protect healthcare for WI residents instead, including the elderly, disabled, and children.
Many of the leaks likely different White House factions trying to damage other factions. Investigate that @SenRonJohnson
Very disappointing texts here. Are any of you aware of the # of career workers in White House? @POTUS did not hire
Nice job carrying water for the Oompah Loompah in Chief.
You are quoting Fox news too? This is the problem. The biggest leaks have been coming from the Republican administration.
If he had never been elected we may not have leaks. Time to remove the problem. Trump and Pence!
Are you counting the fake documents intended to discredit MSM outlets or just the patriots alerting us to @POTUS grift and incompetence?
Be transparent...then leaks won't occur...make sense?
Again, is there a point beyond vague fear mongering?
What ever happened to transparency or freedom of information? What's worse? The leak or the crime? He gets what he deserves.
Maybe if his administration weren't promoting fascism! #ImpeachTrump
I agree completely.  Therefore i recommend the cause of these leaks (Trump) be immediately removed from office and sent to a retirement home
Find out who in the WH is leaking fake nsa docs trying to get CNN and msnbc to report fake news.
Senator Johnson should switch parties...688,000 voters in DC voted for Hillary..22,000 voted for Trump and wonder who leaks..RINO loser
Cut through the B.S.and say what your thinking
It is ridiculous
That is very suspicious. Do you think that he is the leaker?
Real news:
Again I ask, what will the Senate and Congress do about this issue?
Real news:
Real news:
Who should be held accountable? leakers? Sure. @POTUS is ultimately responsible for entire show & rightfully needs to be held accountable
Stop Mr Johnson.  This type of post is just embarrassing.   You know the real problem is the WH and its staff.
Donald Trump is a one man wrecking ball to national security
Because he's that corrupt
Trump is a liar.

Trump is in charge.  What are you trying to say.  This is Trumps watch.  It's his problem.

You've been tweeting about this all day. Shame you didn't use that time to hear directly from your WI constituents about their concerns.



Trump lies the most!



Get a grip Ron. When the President is a Leaker in Chief you can't throw stones.
Sen Johnson, I live in Wis, Medicare makes it possible for me to make positive contributions to society. Please don't let Mitch take it!
When the administration continues to boldly and consistently lie to us, true patriots within it ensure the public has access to the truth.
Yes Ron. There is evidence that Trump WH is leaking altered/forged NSA documents to entice the media to report fake news to discredit media.
Senator Johnson, President Trump's administration has been a cluster F since the first day. He fired Comey and isn't respectful of O office
There you go, finally got potentially in there. An old dog CAN learn new tricks. Now the question is, What's going to be done?
Our problem is Trump and those that are propping him up for what they can get from his corruption and incompetence.
Probably the only thing that saved us from being entirely in the hands of the Russians already.
Perhaps because these people care about this country
The Trump family’s endless conflicts of interest. Chapter and Verse
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow There is a traitor in the Oval Office. It's @realDonaldTrump
President Trump's Lies, the Definitive List
Donald Trump masqueraded as publicist to brag about himself -
Trump asks Russia to hack Hillary's emails
Trump has been sued 134 times in federal court since Inauguration Day - The Boston Globe
Perhaps some chip was installed during the update.
Image of U.S. has plunged under Trump, survey says. There are 2 exceptions, Russia and Israel http://reut.rs/2saQvVR   via @noahbarkin
Perhaps his resignation would be the solution.
Find them & take appropriate action
INSTEAD of WHINING about it....

TRY FINDING THE LEAKERS AND PROSECUTE THEM! 

TIRED OF LIP SERVICE.... FREAKIN' DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!!!!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #No AHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Thanks Sen. Johnson for calling this out. It shows a lack of respect for our institutions.
...That's not good.?. Is it senator.?.
Trump needs conservatives. Not Reince,McMastees,Dina,Cohen
Maybe if his administration were more ethical, that wouldn't happen.
@POTUS needs backup, which he is not getting, from you all in Congress. Why is that? How many are compromised by Obama's info gathering?
Perhaps they are not all as batshit crazy as DT. Perhaps they know DT is a fake Republican, whose ship is sinking?!
Crazy? Holy shit, what did he do? Supply Iran with a path to nuclear weapons and a ton of US taxpayer money???
But isn't the news fake?!?
#FACTS
