My pre-existing conditions and I have been leaving you voicemails with my input. Do not vote for this bill. We deserve to at least SEE it.
Trying to reach @SenRonJohnson is like door slammed in face.  Either vbox full or recording. Constituents are more than who voted for u Ron.
His vm now is working -call 202-224-5323
She said vbox full or recording. It is recording, I just called it.
It’s what I’ve gotten for months each time I’ve tried.
Try 202-224-5323,414-276-7282 or 920-230-7250.i get a staffer most when I call the 920 # -good luck. Can also call others using @make5calls
I use that app often! Thanks for the info.
You bet!!!
Thank you for demanding that we have time to find out what is in the bill, and for expressing reservations about the bill.
I am concerned about the number of people who will no longer have access (i.e., be able to afford) coverage under this bill. Please vote NO.
Johnson could have forced vetting in public with only two other Rep. senators, but failed to. Talk is cheap.
Please VOTE NO!!  The bill is sick and immoral.  Be on the right side of history on SOMETHING.
The #HealthcareBill raises deductibles, cuts coverage, and slashes Medicaid. I'm a Republican and I ask you to please vote NO. Thank you!
Hey RoJo is this a ruse ?
If you truly care what we think then vote no on this farce of a bill & work across the aisle to fix Obamacare not gut it.
Please don't kill me Senator. I live with Aortic Dissection & chronic issues & need constant meds & scans to stay alive. Repair not Replace
Please have a town hall.  I'd love to share my story and help you understand what real people are facing/ heart/brain/neck/thyroid surgeries
For once do the right thing for Wisconsin stop the nonsense  vote NO
Is there a town hall planned?
How do u listen when u don't answer the phone? I've called dozens of times, my calls have never been answered.
. This is not about you Senator Johnson it is about we the people. Get off the air and go negotiate. Compromise and get it done #BetterCare
Your a traitor to the president and we wil vote you put next election in wisconsin here
Thank you. What is the best way we can get input to you?  There are a lot of people concerned about this and have good ideas to share.
Thank you. We want to get rid of govt run healthcare. We don't want a HC bill. Just repeal Ocare and turn it over to the private sector.
Glad to hear but hope you will work together to ultimately come together.
When will you hold an actual townhall with your constituents to hear what they have to say about Trumpcare?
Senator, you should do some research on success of the ACA and the billions in cuts to Medicaid in the AHCA.
Find out how much Medicaid money flows to schools. Who is going to change a disable child into clean clothes if they soil themselves?
Awesome and courageous of you to want to discuss this with your constituents and public input. Thank you!
Are you supportive of changes to the bill that saves medicaid funding? Does not add high risk pools for pre-existing conditions?
Your tricky- it's like your putting your constituents over your political party. I am amazed.
Here's Wis input NO RICH TAX BREAKS! No taking away PREEXISTING no setting max. No higher cost. POTUS swore no Medicare Medicaid cuts LIES
Not the promise that was made. REPEAL O-Care. Free market works. Makes me wonder if u all want O-care? Truth will come out.
It's 142 pages, easy enough to read it.
Here's my input Senator, vote against this bill.
Please listen to your constituents and vote NO on this dangerous bill
If @SenRonJohnson votes Yes before July 4, we will all know he has no honor!
That statement of course will require @SenRonJohnson to vote NO next week as there is no way a bill just released can be vetted in. Week!!!
Bless you for looking out for the American people.
We invite you to come out to western WI for a healthcare discussion w constituents. 
Seriously.
Thank you @SenRonJohnson for your reasonable request to read the bill. #countryfirst
You have the Power to choose #CountryOverParty What will CBO say about @SenateGOP #TaxCut Adequate Affordable healthcare should be a RIGHT!
Simply illogical to rob Peter to pay Paul.  That's why Obamacare failing.  Wake up!
Health care bills should strip millions of their health care. That's a tax cut package. Call it what it is, you know its a gift to the rich
This price of legislation isn't health care it's a massive redistribution of wealth. It's a tax cut package for the rich.
Prove it. Do this process right. Have committee meetings, hold days and days of debate on the floor, reach across the isle.
Your wrong on healthcare. Wrong on immigration. Wrong on serving the middle class. #DoYourJob, #listen to your constituents, #ShowUsTheBill
Time to support the American people who foot the bill senator.  Do your job and abolish Obamacare. Be a man!
And worst of all, you really don't seem to understand, to fully comprehend the consequences of bills you put forward. #ListenToTheFuture
And your view of reality is caustic and disappointing. WI is one of the hardest hit by the house version of #TRUMPCARE AND WHAT DO TOU CARE?
Oh and, having called your office on many issues and having seen not a budge, is argue you don't care about public input anyway...
Hash out differences. Do that. Releasing a bill a week before you're forcing a vote isn't legislating, it's cheating. #ShowUsTheBill
ACA, 25 days of debate, hundreds of amendments, a couple of the largest committee meetings (ever), closed door sesh just for rebubs to 1/2
Protecting his job...this is our chance to fix this mess and u protect your job. We may not have this opportunity again
I want to believe this
Thank you for wanting constituents to have input! #leadershipdemocracystyle
If you don't stand up to oppose a vote before the July 4 recess, then I will call this statement a complete and utter lie.
You have: a) failed to listen to our input, and b) probably lied about your intent to do so. WI is not happy.  a Stevens Point constituent
thanks for making sure health care isn't decided in some invite only chop shop and for putting the USA before party!
Thank you for calling for more transparency on the healthcare bill! Not right to keep Americans in the dark on the #AHCA.
No one believes him. This is smoke & mirrors to get constituents to stop calling him to vote no so he can claim he didn't hear from many
Healthcare is vital in Wisconsin because sick people can't work. The repeal of ACA taxes will affect the most vulnerable
I don't believe you have demonstrated a habit of listening to our input, but I'd be pleased if you started now. No AHCA, please.
I hope this means if it comes up for a vote before the break you vote no. A week is not enough time to decide the fate of 1/6 the economy.
Yes! This we can agree on. 100% transparency. Nothing less.
I hope you stand behind this, Sir. We are counting on you.
We don't like it.  There's my input.
Please sir, hold firm to this stance with real action. This MUST be vetted publicly and without haste. Pls don't cave to party pressure. Thx
The 1% who *may* have to pay a bit more will say sky is falling.
98% who benefit will stay silent.
What other "feedback" do you expect?

please sir, do not vote for #AHCA rural Wisconsin will be hurt.
What if our input is that it sucks and needs to be shut down wholesale?
Still waiting on a town hall meeting for those who pay your salary. Shame!
A good description of your duties as a public servant. Thank You @SenRonJohnson, this may be the first time I approve of your actions.
Why don't constituents believe you ROJO? Because you are bought and paid for by your donors. WI GOP POS!
My husband's ulcerative colitis and our small business, ACA, no subsidy family are counting on you and @SenatorBaldwin
We will see if you are a man of your word and listen to our input.
I sincerely hope you stick to your word.
Why should I believe my opinion will matter? (From a former WI licensed health agent)
Since when have you EVER listened to your Wisconsin constituents' interests? Actually, you may listen, but you usually vote for your doners,
This is true. Could @CNN please ask @SenRonJohnson why he takes special interest money and ignores his constituents?
Your constituents have been asking for a town hall and you haven't done that yet. How much are you going to listen to us on the ACHA then?
But what I want more is a massive tax cut for rich people like me.
So are you going to listen to your constituents, or the corps that line your pockets? You should be acting in OUR best interest, not theirs.
Thank you.
Yes, and we want to know what's in it too. We know you and Tammy will keep our best interests in mind, Ron. @SenatorBaldwin
