Ron, as usual, you're always way behind the curve. Instead of leading the way, this is just an attempt to look relevant. #MedicareForAll
Imagine the coverage you could recieve if you were the first Republican cosponsor for #MedicareForAll
The shit talking Republicans.
It's a poor shot at that!
this means in many states there will be no coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. People will go bankrupt/die
Graham-Cassidy is a disaster.  Why do you hate your constituents that much? Every heath care provider in this country is opposed; me as well
#Medicare4All
Just #repealObamacare and let people and insurance companies make choices. Socialized Healthcare is Unconstitutional and anti-American.
Socialized healthcare is unconstitutional & anti-American? What r ur thoughts on Medicare?
Or the largest socialized program in the US - the US military. How about the USPS, highways, bridges, fire, police, first aid responders?
Liar liar! Sold your soul!
We need Bernie Sanders' Medicare for All N.O.W.!   Stop beating a dead horse, and sponsor Single Payer!
@SenRonJohnson Why are you in favor of taking healthcare from millions of people?
Meet with your constituents and explain yourself!
In his new office in Madison?
health services none of the normal rules applies No price disclosure no published prices no actual prices & no consumer protection
Sounds like a typical Republican deal. Sign and we figure out details on how bad it is later! Repubs never learn! #believeIt
Can give examples of your accusations

Not a creditable media still haven't proven your accusation it's only opinion  prove something tangible
Don't really have time for your games...
Again typical liberal can make accusations but not provide tangible proof plus provide a media outside of the  by the way didn't Nancy say
A healthcare bill being jammed through to repeal the ACA w/o proper process is foolish & a fall cry from the traditional legislative process
Rushing the Graham-Cassidy bill will create chaos, impose additional expense on cash strapped States, and will cause job losses.
Keep your hands off our heath care! You should not support/author any bill that decreases the number of Americans covered.  No ACA repeal!
Deplorable
Don't deprive millions of citizens healthcare! WE WIl RISE & VOTE YOU OUT !
#medicare4all
Rejected!!!
Please don't take this shot, Senator. Please. #KeepKidsCovered
His ladt shot? The people of your state hate that bill, if you spoke with citizens yiu would know. Constituent dodger
SLUSH FUNDS FOR SPECIFIC REPUBLICAN STATES IS CROOKED. IF ANY STATE GETS A FEDERAL SLUSH FUND, EVERY STATE SHOULD HAVE A FEDERAL SLUSH FUND!

If you or a family member depend on Medicaid for opioid treatment or nursing home care, this bill will hurt you.
This is your last shot at establishing a legacy and this is how you chose to go out?
You would think that w1000+ years of combined experience in gov't, they could help American citizens. But, instead bowed down to #BHO #Swamp
Please sponsor #MedicareForAll NOW!
and there went your career. Will remember what you did. https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/read-about-graham-cassidy-heller-johnson …
Medicare for all!
Get it done Senator! We're 20 trillion in debt because of Bernie and friends.
You obviously have not heard what the majority of your constituents have said about the health care issue. This is not what WI wants.
How could he? He doesn't meet with his constituents
Yeah. Good luck with that losing proposition.
Your constituents oppose your work to dismantle American healthcare.
The majority of Americans have decided it is time for #MedicareforAll #DoYourJob and provide healthcare for ALL Americans
How about subjecting yourself to the same healthcare bill you have ant to force on Americans?  @GOP #whitemalesupremecists
Republicans healthcare bill sucks millions of Americans wouldn't have Medicaid tell the truth Johnson
This bill is an absolutely terrible idea.
You clearly did not have a real town hall with your constituents or you would not be supporting this last ditch gross mess that nobody wants
Guaranteeing minimum healthcare, independent of employer's whims/abilities, is a perfect use of federal authority. #healthcare
Stop trying to repeal ACA - all Americans deserve health care.  You are not representing your constituents in WI.  Move on.
Good luck - glad you are there.
I'd like you to explain to us what healthcare congress gets in this here fancy overhaul / last shot of yours ... #MedicareforAll
health industry is "uniquely authorized" to price gouge. "Discounts for insurance networks"
#Medicare4All
YOU will be VOTED OUT, YOU support Killing us and support russian collusion.
At screwing the country? Nah, you and your fellow idiots will think of a 1000 more ways to stick it to the middle and lower classes.
It's not the last shot if you guys stop the repealing and just fix the problem
#MedicareForAll
This is your last shot at shafting poor people in service to your big money - healthcare donors.  Shame on the GOP.
Have you lost your mind Ron Johnson? I have a background of working in a factory. every Department became supervisor. Walker is a dink!
Because we're just to effing lazy do anything...
If only we could believe you. Stop trying to make people's lives worse
Why keep making things worse?  #medicareforall!  Do something in the interest of those you represent!  It's time
Yes @SenRonJohnson  get on board. People need this. Good for employers too.
Medicare for All will bankrupt this country! Try standing on your own two feet!Lefties always want somebody else to take care of them!
Republicans need to fulfill their 8 year promise to Repeal and Replace Obamacare!Or we need to start Draining the Swamp! #FLAKEHELLERSTRANGE
And this rim shot will miss. We will not allow you to do this to THE MILLIONS OF AMERICANS, YOUR CONSTITUENTS, who need health care.  BAD.
Work on a better name for it.
AWFUL! Cutting Medicaid is terrible for elderly & disabled! I oppose this bill and wish you would support Medicare for all. Shame on you!
Estimated 32million will lose coverage and 20% premiums increase. This is your solution @SenRonJohnson ?
Kansas dr group is the answer..they contract w hospitals & specialists. Get going..this is the way.
send vouchers to each state..get fed gov out. Each state forms dr groups for reduced care and they contract for scripts...contact Kansas dr
Stop shooting.  #MedicareForAll
Well rojo, your non-healthcare is a failure to serve Americans
Senator Johnson, is it true that you will be supporting #Medicare4all!
Medicare for all
Your last shot to leave me without health care options? How does that move the US forward?
I think those for who vote no this should be their last term; we didn't elect you guys for more excuses.
#Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
Wisconsin isn't going to forget you supported this mess even if your name is listed last. #MedicareForAll #MoveForward
Personally, I'd want to go OUT on a high note...Sad.
Do not do this to millions of Americans
You should be ashamed of yourself. Taking health insurance away from 32 million people &exempting yourself. This is inhumane.
Who would vote for a bill with such a bad name
#MedicareForAll
Why the hell is old Sweater Vest hanging out?
Good question,why is he involved ?
Attempt #50? #60? ... keep chasing your tails .... silly @GOP
Sounds like a shitty corporation policy set to make middle class americans pay even more then they are. GODS WATCHING Johnson
Shame! The American people want the ACA! Listen! WI will remember!
You're right he doesn't care because he already said he wouldn't run again so he only has wealthy contributors to please
What the fruit pies is Ole Frothey doing in the background?Didn't we vote his sweater vest wearing ass out?Oh, Hells Bells! God help us all!
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Sen. Johnson, it's too late. #MedicareForAll is inevitable. You may as well be on the right side of history.
Speaking of Shari and Vern, their story is now a common feature of the American experience today. Folks like us NEED change "in a big way".
#MedicareForAll
You really suck, Ron!
Our best shot is still #MedicareForAll if you really care about not leaving people behind
Miss.
This is your last shot at ripping my ACA policy away from me and my kids.  I'm your constituent.  You've never cared.  Hold a Town Hall.
#Medicare4All
Who's that chump behind you? Oh yeah...
