But dems won the popular vote. So confirming him goes against the will of the majority of American
.@SenRonJohnson @SenatorBaldwin Obstruction: denying Garland a hearing & rushing to confirm nom. of president w/suspicious links to Russia
As it turns out, I am a-ok with defying the wishes of people from Wisconsin. #StopGorsuch
cheese
What about your party saying if HRC were elected she wouldn't have gotten any SCOTUS nominees heard? Hypocrites much?
Haha, no.  You guys are too funny.
Ron, why wasn't Garland even given a hearing?
Unfortunately the intern monitoring this account won't reply. Old Ron won't even see this.
That's the sad part about government officials with Twitter accounts. They're rarely ever monitored.
#MerrickGarland
I guess you don't remember Merick Garland - but we do #StopGorsuch
so you want to let businesses use him to cut wages and banks call him for emergency liquidation of probate before insurance pays bills?
So why did u #corruptGOP deprive TWICE elected POTUS Obama's nominee from even having a hearing? You'll CHEAT & STEAL 4 power! #Trumprussia
Wisconsin voted for @BarackObama in 2012. Did you forget? Obstruction of Merrick Garland went against voters of USA.
That is bullshit Senator. You denied Obama that seat. You have no right to whine now. I guess elections didn't matter before huh?
Gorsuch is an extremist; Wisconsin isn't. Get a better candidate-say, Garland?
What did you have to say about 8 years of obstruction?  I bet you were all for it then.
You seem to forget that Garland should be sitting on the Court. You're such a hypocrite.
Republicans lost the right to use the term #Obstruction when they delayed #MerrickGarland for 273 days
Get a better nominee!
of course it is.
No.  Changing Senate rules goes against the will of the voters of Wisconsin. No Nuclear.
Ever hear of a guy by the name "Garland". How do you sleep at night being a lying hypocrite than shills for an orange TRAITOR?
My will is for senate to do it's job...like hosting the Garland hearing that YOu ALL obstructed!
I'm a voter in Wisconsin. It doesn't go against my will. It's a stolen seat you grimy b's #StopGorsuch
Merrick Garland
Gorsuch received consideration and was found lacking, Did you give Merrick Garland the same consideration? #HypocriteRon
"Voters of #Wisconsin" elected #Obama 2x. Much bigger margins. He wasn't under #FBI investigation & no hearing for #Garland!
Let's not forget the fact that Dems offered a moderate SCOTUSnominee, while GOP is offering anEXTREME right wing nominee!!#Gorsuchfilibuster
Are you certain? Or have all of you forgotten bipartisanship and how to lead by example?
y'all forget shit quickly for convenience sake don't you? well, we didn't forget your obstruction of Obama and his pick!  #Garland
What about  your obstruction of Merrick Garland?  Hypocrite
This hypocrisy is epic.  Merrick Garland ring a bell?  The @GOP should be ashamed. You too, Ron.  Shameful.
You're a hypocrite Senator, in a party full of hypocrites.
the voters of Wisconsin want good jobs and wages - that's why they went for Trump. Where are those?
Liar.....u must be a friend of trump
Are you seriously questioning what people want? You have NO CLUE what people want. You don't connect with ANY of your voters! #GTFO NOW!
What was your excuse for not doing your job with Merrick Garland?  Obama won the state, too
Ron Johnson, the second stupidest man in Congress, after Louie Gohmert.
Who's will? Because I am a WI voter and I sure as hell do NOT support congress going nuclear to confirm Gorsuch. #checksandbalances
I am a Dem and he should be in. But after Garland you look dumb making this post.I am from Wi and he is not my will. Explain
nope. You're wrong.
As a matter of fact, you didn't speak for Wisconsin Voters when Obama nominated Garland and never even received a hearing.
You're only in office because of the rise of the tea party and Scott Walker's rule in Wisconsin.
A Pres. that may have worked w/ Russia gets no nomination. We wait till we know what happened. We have a reason. you didn't #MerrickGarland
Additionally, the position has remained vacant due to a refusal to vote for President Obama's pick. Waiting a bit longer isn't end of world
With all due respect, as a WI resident, I feel that with the investigation going on, confirming the important SCOTUS position need wait
- What about the obstruction of Judge Garland?
No Johnson, not allowing Merrick Garland to be considered for the seat was going against the will of WI voters..ur trying to steal this seat
This is a clear example of being #tonedeaf. Sen Johnson just ignores the final 11 months of @BarackObama's term when #Garland was blocked.
Americans will never forgive/forget if @GOP puts party first and uses nuclear option to force unwanted approval of #Trump nominated #SCOTUS!
the 2012 re-election of President Obama also mattered;it reaffirmed his right to nominate Merrick Garland. #SCOTUS
How many more faxes must I send you to tell you to not do anything till you give Merrick Garland his opportunity?
The will of voters didn't put Trump in office, it was the electoral college.  The people wanted Hillary Clinton, and a hearing for Garland.
I am a Wisconsin voter. If you are speaking for me, you are wrong on this issue, as was the Gerrick Marland obstructionism.
How did you vote on Garland? Oh, that's right, you didn't!
as I voter of Wisconsin I say hell no do not confirm him.
What about the will of 1,620,985 WI voters who chose Obama in 2012? Where was outrage when GOP obstructed his pick Garland?
Sorry, too little too late: no garland, no gorsuch
Why weren't you speaking out a year ago when Garland was blocked from even being brought to a vote?  WI voted for Obama x2. Hypocrite.
Hypocrisy much?
SERIOUSLY???  How do you sleep at night?  Not even allowing a hearing for Garland, and THIS is obstruction?!!
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ... Merrick Garland
Clearly you not only have no memory, but also no conscience, no morals, no backbone, I could go on...
Well THEY are the only ones! Go watch a feel good movie!
Mandate was for jobs, not conservative "values".
GOP obstruction went against the will of voters who elected PBO twice! Crawl back under ur rock maggot! Stop with the lies!
Merrick Garland
I am in Wisconsin and it's not my will! Garland's obstruction was against the will of everyone!
you do realise that using the word obstruction in relation to the Supreme Court officially gives you a rubber nose
MERRICK FREAKIN GARLAND. #NoGorsuch
With that kind of thinking, enjoy your last term in office
This must be a joke. How short do you think our memories are?
The corrupt #gop has lost the moral highground. #merrickgarland had his seat stolen.  collusion & interference r ignored, uncowards
More people voted for Hillary. Just FYI.
Hypocrite.  Not even giving Garland a hearing went against the will of the American People.  You should be ashamed.
Not this voter of Wisconsin, my little buddy
Please don't change the longstanding rules of the Senate.
But you have no guilt doing the same thing against the will of the people even after GOP praised Garland?! Hypocrit! @wisgop @WisDems
#MerrickGarland hypocrite
As you have gone against the cheesehead voters for years. Left WI cuz of you and Scotty.
The GOP didn't care about Wisconsin's voters when they blocked 300,000 of them from voting. Why start now?
Why wasn't this your attitude when President Obama was in office. Oh right, you only care about America when Republicans are in power
No, Ron. You're wrong.
Not this voter.  How bout a TOWNHALL
Do the people of Wisconsin want a plagiarist on the Supreme Court?  I doubt it. #GorsuchPlagiarism #holdthefloor
Speaking of plagiarism, Meredith McIver is still missing. (Pls RT)
Corrupt hypocrites all.
Huh that's funny weren't we in this exact same place a year ago with Merrick Garland? Maybe I'll call your office on this.
Hypocrite. Hold a townhall and you might understand the will of Wisconsin voters. #MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland, you hypocritical fool.
Merrick Garland
GOP is dying bc they don't do what ppl want or need! GOP is only interested in big donors! Sad! No to #gorsuch!
Maybe the Republicans should have considered that before denying Garland an up and down vote, eh?
Yes, elections do matter Senator, which is why Merrick Garland should be a sitting SC justice right now. #StolenSeat
Elections do matter. If the presidential election was robbed how can voters feel good about any decision thereafter? We need answers.
You truly are #AmericasDumbestSenator
Lol
Wrong Ron Wisconsin does NOT want Gorsuch. U DO NOT speak for us. Why were you MIA during the last recess? It's because u don't care abt us.
We shouldnt confirm any more Trump noms until the criminal FBI investigation into his campaign is completed.
#hypocrite So you agree that you went against the will of the entire nation that elected a 2-time prez? Where we you then? #MerrickGarland
Hypocrite. How about you actually meet the voters of WI and hold a town hall over the recess. Instead of a fund raiser in another state.
You are wrong.  We the people do NOT want Gorsuch. We do not want the senate rules changed.  Gorsuch is too extreme. He is NOT the right man
Obama was elected and reelected, hypocrite much?
Were you in Congress for Merrick Garland? Did you block his nomination by refusing to act? No credibility on this one.
What did the obstruction of Judge Merrick Garland mean? Going against the entire country which elected and re-elected president Obama?
Bullshit. Obama won the EC and popular vote twice and Garland couldn't get a hearing. Your lies aren't even half as. #stolen.
Will of the people...hundreds of ppl demonstrated against a ecological disaster. Sprayed w/ ice water, shot at & gassed. SILENT. #DAPL
Will of the people...#BlackLivesMatter. Black ppl were being demonised because they were standing up for injustice. Where were you? SILENT
You are a DOPE and unfit for the office you hold. You will be defeated in the next election.
Will of the people...unarmed #occupywallstreet protesters...HUMAN BEINGS, being beaten, gassed and shot at. Where was @GOP? HIDING. SILENT.
What about during 2008 crash? Will of the people wanting justice for actions criminal bankers. @gop was SILENT.
What did you do for Garland? Blocked him. Will of the people? You & other @GOP scum are going to take healthcare away from ppl.
Your party refused to hear Garland because "it was Obama's last year in office".  Zero doubt it is trump's last year. So...
#holdthefloor
Lol...Merrick Garland
And what about Garland?  Hypocrite!
Hearing for Garland now
Did you forget about Merrill Garland you lying POS?
What did the obstruction of Judge Merrick Garland mean? Going against the entire country which elected and re-elected president Obama?
Hypocrite.
Not this one.
So your unprecedented obstruction of a twice elected presidents SCOTUS nominee is different? This is hypocrisy at the highest order.
Hypocrite, you've got to stop giving your constituents the opportunity and justification for referring to you as #ourdumbsenator.
you are a hypocrite.
Tell me more about the 'will of the voters of Wisconsin,' you crooked fuck  
So you fought to confirm President Obama's nominee while your GOP fellows obstructed for the better part of a year?
Get real. The will of the voters of Wisconsin was obstructed *last* year.
Yes, elections DO matter- and I wouldn't whine about #obstruction if I were you. Vote NO on Gorsuch, or we vote NO on YOU.
#DoYourJob!
As did the obstruction of the judge put forward last year.
You think so eh? Better check your crystal ball again Senator...
Not anymore they don't. Not when it was the Russians that won.
Yes they matter you'll see in 2018! #TheResistance
Looking at this thread, @SenRonJohnson, it appears voters disagree with your statement. #NoGorsuch #GOP #MerrickGarland was disrespected.
This is bullshit your the disappointment doing the disservice to Wisconsin.
what would you know about that?
Nothing like not even having a hearing for Obamas nominee huh?? tRump should have no say until he,s no longer under suspicion of treason.
You're one to tweet, Senator Hypocrite.
Cheesehead
#MerrickGarland
You have totally got it WRONG senator. Every friend & acquaintance I know feels Gorsuch would be a disaster for SCOTUS & the U.S.
The Honorable Neil M. Gorsuch, Plagiarizer.
Thanks, Sam - the man is a total disaster!
PLEASE WISCONSIN make sure this destructive man supporting corruption does NOT get reelected.
If elections matter then my winning cote for Pres. Obama would have resulted in a vote on Garland, you sick hypocrite.
You guys are so full of it.
Merrick Garland....
.@SenRonJohnson WRONG! Going against what YOU believe perhaps but n voters! @realDonaldTrump turning tables on WI people, many DT supporters
horse-shit, ron. keep that dope off the bench. speaking of dopes, who the hell all voted for you? eau claire says you suck.
Hypocrite.  Does the name Merrick Garland rings any bells?
Except for mine.  A voter in WI who feels that Garland should have gotten a chance to be voted on!
He's a fine one to whine about #obstruction- see #GOP vs #POTUS44. And YES, elections DO matter: he KNOWS we can vote his ass OUT, right?
It is not going against the will of the majority of voters in America Senator! Vote #NOGorsuch!
52.9% of votes cast in Wisconsin were against Trump. Who do you represent again?
Will wait for next election.
Merrick Garland you hypocrite
But your party wouldn't even give President Obama's nominee a hearing.  GOP is full of s...t.#VoteNoGorsuch
Gorsuch is not good for the country....he's good for Trump and his money grabbing friends.American http://First.Open  your eyes.
Bish, plz. Do you think we've forgotten #MerrickGarland ? That #SCOTUS seat is his! Scalia has been dead since feb 2016!
What about the 3 million more that didn't vote for this President and don't approve this nominee
It's not....and I think you've gotten a few phone calls from Wi voters expressing that sentiment. Maybe answer your phone.
I'm from Wisconsin and I say NO to gorsuch! Where was your integrity with Garland?
What about the GOP obstruction of Merrick Garland? #doublestandard will not be tolerated. #BlockGorsuch
What did the obstruction of Judge Merrick Garland mean? Going against  the entire country which elected and re-elected president Obama?
I will be calling you tomorrow about #garlandhearing and #SyriaGasAttack step up.  Time to put on your big boy pants.
No. And voters don't forget. @WisDems @SpeakerRyan
Not this Wisconsin voter! I wanted Merrick Garland.
Elections matter. Failing to hold hearings for Merrick Garland went against the wishes of the American people who elected Obama. Hypocrite.
Hey bud, you spelled 'stolen seat' wrong in your tweet.
Merrick tho... 
The voters didn't matter when GOP refused to confirm Garland.
U should poll all of wis. Residents to see what we really want! Not just gop
Quinnipiac poll shows GOP 17% and Trump lowest in Pres.History. #Russia scandal = NO #scotus #IMPEACH #GOP FAILS
You broke it. You own it!!!  Eight years of dismantling the government. This is your fallout. #stolenseat
Senator, how do you reconcile this with the fact that the GOP wouldn't even give Judge Garland a hearing?
Yeah, obstruction doesn't seem right, does it? Like when y'all did this to Merrit Garland! You can't have it both ways you turkeys!!
Elections matter. The obstruction of Judge Garland  expressly went against the will of the voters in the 2012 election including Wisconsin!
Hypocrite
Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell? Hmmm, who could that be?!
Your Grouper in Chief is being investigated for treason & spends our tax $ on lavish weekends. Does that matter to your squeaky shoes?
