We are still waiting on the president's tax returns, seems before any tax reform this needs to happen too.
No one really gives a crap about his tax returns.   Except Hillary followers.  Move on.  MAGA.
I'm pro America, I'd rather know that our leaders are transparent.
Oh yeah just like your prior leader, The Muslim Traitor!! Real transparent??
When did anyone ever go on record and say that Obama was a Muslim?
He did! And he is! His actions proved it!
Deplorable AND Ignorant You - - educate yourself and do better, Beth
Yes get this going!! He is corrupt
Complete waste of our tax $$.  Move on.  Stop doing Trump's bidding.
Just like Russia, a complete waste of time!!
Jim Comey was the most corrupt & dishonest FBI director in history. And the most dishonest & corrupt President appointed him
Exactly
They need to prosecute all of Obama's people
And Obummer
Y'all need to just give up this line of bs. Reps controlled congress for 6 of his 8 yrs. if there was something they would have found it
Not if there's something in it for them which always is on both sides
Okay. 
Really? You think that might be important. We can't afford the Russia witch hunt, and can't afford not to confront Comey. #DraintheSwamp
Bannon said... Worst move in modern history
Well I think he made a big mistake the way he fired him and honestly he should have kept him reporting to him until he got the entire story
Immediate action required. Top govt official for goodness sakes!
What took so long
Prosecute
Uh-oh ;) Comey Comey Comey...you are going down ;)
I Am an American I have a right to know what happens the truth!
So much for non partisan FBI
When are these swamp rats going to get prosecuted for their crimes
Good to ask...be prepared to go the next step...
For God's sake Senator we are investigating the collusion between our president and Russia, for the sake of our democracy. Give up this BS.
@SenRonJohnson how about you focus on what you should be doing, working to help convict the thug @realDonaldTrump or are you in on it too?
He is up to his eyeballs in shit and corruption - what is the holdup?
Why are alot of Americans upset? Because they see Clinton, Lynch, & Comey getting away with crime after crime! They are not above the law!
He probably erased them like #CrookedHillary did
Probably with Hillary's email.
Deleted!!
give mr @TGowdySC freedom to do what he does, which is seek out the truth and turn him loose on the whole bunch again. when they lie. punish
The investigation into Donald Trump's collusion with Russia must be getting somewhere, Republicans are getting desperate #FakeFox
Already showed no collusion! Honestly, where do you pick up your news?!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE BUCKING FOR THE VP SLOT IN 2020...WITH YOU IT'S ALL POLITICS ALL OF THE TIME ISN'T IT?
Mueller wants full transcripts of staff conversations of the cover up of Russia. But u just keep on blaming America for trumps Russian shit
Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!!!!
Republicans are pigs.
Absolutely the right thing to do-seems to be a huge cover up going on as concerns HRC-evidently govt agencies involved
They're  all corrupt. Potus has the biggest challenge of a lifetime! God bless him & the USA!
Trying to cover the clown in chief ( @realDonaldTrump ) criminal acts. #Disgraceful
The clown left Jan 20
#PaidSupporter
Lock Comey up!
Go get him. Lock the good for nothing up and throw away the keys!
It's time to HANG EM ALL....
Hmmm.. I smell a charge of lying to Congress in the air.
I'll do the transcripts.
#SaveACA
Yes-please show him for the corrupt ashat he is that forever tainted the FBI reputation-its the only way for us to know some are decent
Why isn't Comey ,Hillary ,Lynch , Learner being investigated , There all Corrupt . but yet they investigate Pres. Trump . There no justice .
Please continue investigating. Hillary, Obama and James need to be behind bars.
The desperation is real mueller is close
are involved he's in big trouble.
Good luck with that request. It has probably already hit the shredder. Besides I don't expect Comey will do any time. Too well connected.





What a waste of everyone's time. Shouldn't you be looking into Russian hacking of our voter DBs, Senator Johnson?
He already admitted on TV that he leaked info to Columbia U professor.  Why is he not prosecuted?  Where is justice for all?
Time to refine COMEY perjury for a grand jury.
What judge will block this?
He is part of the Clinton mob
How many more times must we hear that! GET ON WITH IT!!! I never saw anything take so long!! STALLING!!!Get someone who can do it!
Good luck. The crooks cover each other that's why the country has been taken over by liberals.
Can we have the same for Donald Jr's testimony Faux News?
Comey is a CRIMINAL!
Always good to hear about a #GOP senator who wants something other than like a weird porn site tweet.
Finally
GOP working for Russia, again.  Fox "news" obeying GOP & Trump directives.
Grill Comey!
Comey broke so many laws.  He is supposed to be a "lawyer".  He violated so many rules.  Charge him!
Yes, we need the truth and nothing but the truth!!!
I smell a skunk and his name is Comey!
It's about time!
Treasonous GOP law makers still looking to stall Russian investigations. We won't forget @GOP
@mike_highley @brookefoxnews Thank u Ron Johnson.
Arrest him!
Get it
Overdue! Deep State is covering for Obama / Hillary Clinton Conspiracy
And will get them October 1 2099.Senators Want - What happened to NOW or DOH funding cut 50% 
I KNOW YOU "CANT" do that. Ok CAN'T VOTE FOR U

Hey Trumpanzees, why do you suppose this is? 
Russian fingerprints are on thousands of fake Facebook and Twitter accounts that posted anti-Clinton messages http://nyti.ms/2xjoT2V 
Comey smear campaign, with ongoing help from the Fox flunkies of course.
Crooked Lier
and independent Accounting agency
Why do people think POTUS prepared his tax returns, his accounting department did it and he signed them after 3 independent audits, FTC, IRS

Boy howdy someone is nervous I am guessing Mueller has Trump's tax returns by now
Took 2 hurricanes 4 America wake up..Kennedy shots progressives in heart..upholds ban across board...prog freak..
No laws, no boards, ANTIFA
Wow! A GOP willing to investigate wrong doing. Thank you.
No crime in not releasing taxes.
"Federal Cosa Nostra" coined by Charlie Daniels.
Yes get them
Where is the "ROBERT MULLER"  to investigate the COMEY, LYNCH, OBAMA, CLINTON, BILL AND HILL, KABALL??? DIRTY, DIRTY, COURUPT ALL THE WAY!!!
Good Luck Getting Anything From Comey ! Probably Been Acid Washed!!!
@SenRonJohnson keep up the pressure - the American people want answers.
The cult newspaper has spoken go forth and find anything that will help Dear Leader! #idiots
I'm sure he has plenty of lies to try to cover up and collusion with The special prosecutor to hide under speak out America
Comey is a compromised man, I'm sure he was ordered by Loretta Lynch to stop the Hillary investigation!
All I am hearing is talk about getting stuff when are we going to hear about some action. Looks like all talk and no action
Good
Me too
He needs to share a cell w/Killary and Loretta.
We hear they are demanding all kinds of information from Comey; we don't hear much about trump's staff being put through the grinder. Why?
SOMEBODY needs to go to jail for Clinton's crimes against the American people.
This is the time to get these S.O.B all of them with no exceptions @AGJeffBSessions We demand justice! If you can't do your job You're Fired
...and @tedcruz porn history. #GOPPlatform #Porn was it for or against porn? Maybe he misunderstood? #texas #RNC
DC Repuglicans and Commucrats think WE THE PEOPLE are a bunch of idiots who can't see they're protecting each other from us and the Donald.
@RonJohnsonWI picking out new office in New Republican Party HQ. Ron is looking at office on 4th floor corner, next to @TGowdySC @DevinNunes
Want or will get? Do someting people!
about time
Yes! This stuff needs to be out in the open.
Those same GOP Senators should be just as keen to get documents and information from the W.H. but they are NOT. #ICYMI
Turn up the HEAT on these folks who took our country down this Russia Rabbit Hole for political bias to undermine Trump plain & simple.
Getting tiered of this crap. Senator what. The people want a trail.
Throw @JamesComeyFBI  and his bestie, @HillaryClinton both in the same cell and throw away the key
I say open Alcatraz & pick them all up! Including all terrorist groups! Get them the hell out of our country. No luxaries!
WE THE PEOPLE,DEMAND MR. MUELLER TO ISSUE WARRANT FOR COMEDY. IF HE DOESN'T HE SHOULD STEP DOWN. HIS NOT DOING HIS JOB ANY WAY. DO IT NOW
Let's focus on the guy that got fired for doing his job.
Fox News, doing anything to try to distract from crooked Trump's investigation.
As Melania fasts and prays her press conference debunking illegal modelling  is no longer an  issue
this is ludicrous, how much time do they need to investigate. Has been going on & on.  Should have been settled long ago.another waste of $$
And I hope they stick on the trail!
Comey is in trouble. If he lied and covered up the Clinton investigation then he will be prosecuted to the full extent. Another D.C. snake.
It is the deep state. Comey is a paying member. Or Should I say paid. An un American swap creator out for his own gain.
Mr crafty I would love th see a lie-detector  test strapped to him it would probably blow up
Good Luck with that! laura
Absolutely he's a liar & he needs to go to jail...perjury!!!
didn't @JudicialWatch sue to obtain them?
Comey should be investigsted inficted and jailed he is a fraud
This slime should be held for treason! Instead, he's living the sweet life writing rotten books like his girlfriend Hillary.#lockthembothup
Will my granddaughter live to see justice in this country?
I'm afraid our government has become the very thing are founders were afraid of, big government corruption
@NCHouseSpeaker @NCLeg FBI corrupt no legal oversight for US Congress! Our only hope is @COSProject Article V repeal 17th Amendment
Don't know how that will ever be achieved.  They've gotten Nothing  so far. And how long has it been?
Good. The crook needs to be in jail
SMUG AND COCKY.  never trusted his Chatty Cathy chatter and he obviously did some corrupt things with HILLARY email scandal.
I have always  said Coney is a rogue agent in the right place to do his dirty  work. He used the cover of the FBI to hide his dirty deeds.
Stop f'ng around with Comey and put him in jail where he belongs, and Wasserman, Clinton, Brazile, Rice and Huma
Bot
I like to see this whole thing play out justice.  Who is laughing now, Not Comey?
Smirk!!
Poor Jim "QUEASY LEAKS" Comey.  On the bright side, our Federal Penitentiary System, encourages the "ARTS".  He may get the lead role.
He is a damn good attorney.  Ask bannon
GOP panics tries to desperately derail investigations closing in on party leaders.
FUNNY, BUT WHAT HAVE THEY FOUND BUT WHAT THE DEMS PLANTED.  MUELLER INVESTIGATING RUSSIA INVOLVEMENT IN THE EU. WHAT HAS THAT GOT TO DO HERE
Republicans are stepping into a mine field. This may blow up in their face.
The Dems have blown up.. all they stand for is hate and ignorance.
Americans want the truth. How about that for a change @FoxNews and @GOP?

ATTN: PATRIOTS 
 Let's make SURE @POTUS , @realDonaldTrump sees this !!
RETWEET LIKE MAD !
…
