If the senator believes in this bill so much, why won't he allow it to be scored by the CBO so we can understand it's impacts? #Obvious
SENATOR, YOU CAN'T SHUT UP LONG ENOUGH TO HEAR THE QUESTIONS.  THEREFORE, YOU CAN'T SATISFACTORILY ANSWER THE QUESTIONS!  LEARN TO LISTEN!
Ron gets 4 Pinocchios!
if you gave a damn about those you were elected to serve you would vote NO on #GrahamCassidy you pathetic traitor to our state
All of your voicemail boxes are full. Are you hiding from your constituents?
We All Understand  ... Jimmy Kimmel is Right  ... You're WRONG !! All Major medical groups TOTALLY disagree with #GrahamCassidy #NoTrumpCare
https://twitter.com/Sams1stDaughter/status/910851265294360576 …
There are 84 million Americans with preexisting conditions.  Did you know that? If this passes, you should lose your job.
FEINGOLD please come back! This nut is killing us!
Shameless!!
American Associate of Pediatrics says NO to G-C  https://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/Pages/GrahamCassidy.aspx …
I hope you have a tremendous plan for the elderly men & women of WI - hope you have Scotty working on single payer
Good job embarassing yourself, Ronnie. When is your #TownHall? We have plenty of questions about #DeathCare. Face the people you will kill.
Liars club. Tell him you want the same insurance as he gets or all bets are off
Go Wisconsin!
Only 12% of Americans support this bill.  Please be mindful of that when considering your vote.
12%  you mean 1%???
Repeatedly shouting Obamacare is not talking about health care. You should be ashamed. Selling out Americans for campaign donations.
I absolutely agree with you! I am so sick of screaming at Ron Johnson on Twitter. It's sad he said he was working for us in Wisconsin. Lies!
I can't believe the shit they've pulled in Wisconsin. Stripping workers of rights. How do they get re-elected?
Rigged elections
Voting without knowing how your bill affects Americans + the economy, you're rejecting Republican values and complicit in deaths. Resign.
I am totally against this healthcare bill. I haven't talked to a single voter that supports it! WI does not support and neither should you!
Does even ONE of your constituents agree with you?  Elected (don't ask my why) by the people, but paid for by big $.  Shame on you.
How about you talk to constituents? Return phone calls? Town hall? Do your job
I live in your district and I vote. Please vote no on this bill. Americans over partisan politics please. This bill is as bad as a weapon.

So true!
When are you having a LIVE townhall?
I heard he hasn't had a town hall in "forever"
Making huge cuts and letting states let prevent their own citizens from getting needed care is not "allowing states to tailor health care".
Please try talking health care with your constituents before you vote to take it away from them
SenJohnson, your insurnce bill will TAKE insurance from your constituents who you are supposed to serve.YOUR Constituents#THEVULNERABLE
I just wish the needs of the American people and their health was more important than your reelection,  the GOP  and your sponsors.
Rich republicans first!  New slogan for you.  Hands off our health care.  No to Graham-Cassidy.  Not forgetting your role in it.
Full repeal!!
Q: How did an evil piece of work like you ever defeat Russ Feingold?
A: Russian interference

#IllegitimateSenator
When someone has to talk loudly over a interviewer, to avoid answering simple questions with a yes or no, that shouts, "BAD DEAL " Pathetic!
Why do Americans have to repeatedly go to bat for ourselves to prevent wealthy people like you from making our healthcare decisions?
You're a real piece of shit a real piece of shit next to the acronym POS should be your picture
12% approval rating for this farce of a bill as an 88% disapproval 88% of Americans don't want it what don't you get about that
You're a sorry excuse for a human being.
And I'm the fucking snowflake on someone who actually cares about the health and well-being of our citizenswe don't want this bill. got it?
You just talk over people and all you do is lie you know this is bad for America and you don’t care #votehimout Wis your state will suffer
You mean, talking removal of healthcare for those most in need…@senronjohnson @charlesbenson4 @tmj4
Taking healthcare away today is more like it  You are NOT LISTENING to us...we don't want #GrahamCassidy
Do you actually have anything new and informative to add to the debate, or is it just mindlessness for you? Our health care system sucks
you lack the intelligence to make any rational points and revert to insults as a defense mechanism. You are a clown I suppose 
Let's take away YOUR Insurance & your families insurance then we'll go to all the other GOP Senators & House that will save US $$$'s!
Then why are you there?  Health care should strive to cover all, #GrahamCassidyِ will reduce coverage.
And states can opt out of pre existing conditions protections... shame on you for supporting this sham of a bill...
Talk til you're blue in the face, Graham Cassidy is S.I.C.K. #Shame4Sham
I am more of an expert than Charles. I'd tell you that you want to deny people like me health insurance so that rich people pay less taxes
so tired of this bs. You were voted in by the people, listen to them!  You represent us!  This is crapcare and you know it!
No you're not. Address these issues prove this is good for US. You should be ashamed for this. Tired of your BS & lies. Enjoy your last term
Obamacare is great improvement from what we had before. This new bill goes backwards. Tell the truth: you want Obamacare money for tax cuts.
Just REPEAL it already.  We cannot afford the ACA. Remember the polls saying Trump was going to lose. Same people giving you the polls now.
Do you mean healthcare, or do you mean Cassidy-Graham? Those are two entirely different things
I cannot believe that he can keep twisting how the coverage will work. We will be destroyed in Michigan, GOP here will screw us over. #sad
Did you tell him it's all about tax cuts?
Cool. Hey, and this is just a thought, why not have #healthcare conversations directly w/ constituents? Y’know, input rather than marketing.

Hey @SenRonJohnson, how many fortune 50 companies are you angering?
https://www.ahip.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/AHIP-Letter-to-Leaders-McConnell-and-Schumer-re-Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson-Proposal-9-20-2017.pdf …
NO to Graham Cassidy. A betrayal of your constituents. We want bipartisan fix for ACA.
History shows a pendulum. Your donor class is careening into the backlash. No legacy for u, only a shake of the head ignominy.
Get this - the American Medical Association opposes the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill because it violates “first, do no harm.”
Yeah, but who's the expert? And why are you looking out for your constituents? Shoving this damn ACA repeal through. #VoteNO
Why is a northern Wisconsin senator supporting a abomination of a unhealthy bill cooked up by southern senators. Packers kick Saints ass.
Title should read, taking healthcare away from millions. NO NO NO to Graham Cassidy Healthcare bill
VOTE NO. Why do you want to deny healthcare to those who need it the most? Your constituents have repeatedly said no to GOP deathcare.
Ask the expert: "How is it possible to do what's best for your constituents if you never actually speak to them face-to-face?"
Please vote no on the Graham/Cassidy bill. People are depending on you to do the right thing.
I saw you with @chucktodd 
You have 3 lines that you say over and over, and that's your defense. 
If you vote PRE EXISTING U lose my vote.
Please explain how this bill will help an entrepreneur with several preexisting conditions? I couldn’t afford to work for myself & cover fam
Someday Jesus is going to ask you why you took away his health care.
If you listened to your constituents instead, you might learn of heartbreaking stories waiting to happen with passage of your evil bill.
Constituent here. Vote to repeal ACA and I'll vote to repeal you. Got it?
Shame! Listen to your constituents! Shame!
Chicken Ron is too scared to hold a townhall meeting.
My first glance read this as "taking health care away today".  Which I guess is true, isn't it?
You are setting yourself to join Hitler and Nazis for setting up 21st century Eugenics in . History won't be kind to you.

Graham-Cassidy bill would reduce federal funding to states by $21B through 2026. No safety net, no employer mandates.=NO insurance for mill.
How you @billcassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS @SenateGOP are switching your families to the new health plan you're proposing for Americans?
Consider the disastrous effect Graham/Cassidy would have on the USA. As a cancer survivor, Yes votes=my death warrant. My kids need me!
Like anything else, rojo, you have no clue.
The Graham-Cassidy bill does NOT allow for pre-existing condition coverage, unless people pay whatever astronomical increase is required.
What's with all the lies??! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Who is the "expert"?
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Did you explain how it will cost people with pre-existing conditions more in premiums?
