
Must watch explainer. Vox video on DACA, with @JuanSaaa https://youtu.be/UzYDqQDNFzc 

#TuesdayThoughts
Trump & Republicans once again proving it's ok to fight for their freedom, just don't live near them!
#DACA…


6 years of Republican obstruction forced President Obama do the right thing. President Obama has heart. Most Republicans want cash.

@SenRonJohnson you can fix @POTUS #DACA debacle without lying about @POTUS44 legacy.  @BarackObama took action because #Congress didn't.
What is unconstitutional is an enemy of that state colluding with US politicians and citizens.
Why haven't you done anything on this the last six years? Also, we missed when it was ruled unconstitutional.
Careful Trump has signed more executive orders than Obama did at this stage in the presidency.
If it was unconstitutional the courts would have stopped it. Kinda like that travel ban.
You are wrong. It was an executive action that was supposed to be acted on. Boehner would not allow this. Take care of the Dreamers.
Then get to work on it ...all talk
You guys have a bad track record if you could get it done in 6 months I will be surprised, more surprised if you don't give them amesty

You're the human embodiment of an embarrassment.
System isn't broken. Government is. And there are immigration laws that Obama ignored for 8 years as well as GW Bush and Bill Clinton!
Unbelievable! You don't follow our Legal Protections like a Judges ruling against a Muslim Ban. You were never a Wisconsinite! #defendDACA
Not unconstitutional. We need to fix your broken moral compass. This is pure racism.
Oh my. Don't get too comfy in that chair, Senator. Elections are coming.
Ever consider that the system is broken BECAUSE of you and your party of white supremacists?

Please watch this. Many #dreamers & immigrants were part of our 1st Armored Division team in N. Iraq. They sacrificed, gave their lives. https://twitter.com/votevets/status/905170246398603264 …
you've already had years - what's different now?   GOP majority in House since 2010 and in Senate since 2014 - face it, you can't govern!!
So do you support DACA or not?
Well put sir.
Before you criticize Obama for the balls to do something humane..explain to me what the fuc# you and congress have done historically. Squat.
Why did President Obama protect http://dreamers.You  republicans keep voting down humane immigration reform. We will remember atthe polls
Democrats had 8 years to do it under Prez Obama and it really isn't a priority when you have insider trading and stock offerings to buy!
You do realize that the GOP controlled Congress for 6 of those years right & that GOP killed it in Senate when bill was originally debated?
Look at him. You know he doesn't care about facts.
Isn't good hard because Congress hadn't passed Immigration reform in over a decade? We can not toss children away Why is being free so bad

Attorney General Jeff Sessions LIED about the Dreamers!  He also LIED under oath twice!
OK. Just codify DACA. Don't pretend yr "humane" if you try anything else. The public doesn't want to waste billions on a nationalist wall.
Just shut up!  You yeah u GOP would not not even debate immigration reform under president o so just please shut up! #DefendaDACA
When have you ever treated Wisconsinites humanely?
How about build the wall first.
President Obama did what he had to do when Congress couldn't get the job done right.  Now get it done right or get out.
Who hurt you?
First you have to remove all the racist's from the House and you have alot of them.
Keep DACA in place.  Some of the best doctors and scientists are immigrants. Make legal immigration easier. Then we all win!
I fear we want to shut out people who have brilliance we need ....doctors, scientists, inventors, etc. Some of the best are immigrants!
you are an unconstitutional overreach @devilradio
Sen Johnson your state has many wonderful DACA dreamers who are counting on you to protect them as they study and work.
#DACADreamers
Nothing was stopping you since 2009. The last Bill was filibustered. Its a disaster of your own making #dosomethingcongress #gopownsthis
Obama tried to work with your party.....you wouldn't budge. Look in the mirror Senator
@SharylAttkisson Point noted.
#DACA was the right & just decision by Obama in front of a cowardly Congress that was too morally & spiritually bankrupt to do anything.
Please further explain how?
Actually, Obama gave you that opportunity with DACA, but since then...zilch.
Would be glad to see all if that accomplished.
YOU ARE NOT MY SENATOR, JOHNSON 
Do what's right or face God's rath
What a joke! You do nothing to help your constituents. Won't even show up for a town hall. You kowtow to the Koch Bros., like Walker. Shame.
Obama over-reached, now Trump over-reaches, too. Congress needs to limit Executive power.
You've been there how long? How many immigration reforms have you proposed?

Do not reward law breaking.  No amnesty and no citizenship.
You are a monster. Give and take? Give and take for children that only know this country. Who go to school and pay taxes? #constituent
what does humanely even mean ... well other than amnesty i mean
Perhaps you should be accountable for not dealing with it in the first place causing Obama to act. DO YOUR JOB for a change
Wisconsin should've voted you out in '16. Punishing kids for the actions of their parents? Abhorrent
Put the money down in the Southside of Chicago.
There's nothing constitutional about removing the protections of 1 million people who only know America as home.  It's white supremacy.
Party line! It is constitutional! This is cruel. Shame!
If it was unconstitutional, why did SCOTUS allow it to continue for 5 years? Why do you always feel the need to lie to us, RoJoke?
Had congress done it's job he would not have had to do it his way!  Fix it now. Don't think GOP understands negative economic impact!
How is it inhumane to allow children, whose parents brought them to the US, an opportunity to be successful? They didn't ask to be illegal.
On what do you base that assertion? DACA has never been found unconstitutional.
Why didn't Congress do it before, so President Obama didn't need to EO Dreamers?
@Obama only enacted DACA because Congress wouldn't act. #govern not #obstruct
He got the most unpopular Obamacare through when he had the majority but didn't. Talking obstruction is lame.
SCOTUS has yet to decide that. Congress needs to do its job and legislate justice for 800,000 Dreamers. That means YOU!
Enforce the laws of America first senator, that is why your there. Not to appease the chamber of commerce or corporations
another chorus of the "our broken immigration system" propaganda. the southern border is broken & our congress is broken. @VicenteFoxQue /1
and Mexican "leadership" are broken, pretending that US & Mexico are one. Just #BuildThatWall.
You're the worst
This. http://www.facebook.com/barackobama/  Fixing an immigration problem is reasonable. Targeting ppl who came as children, and are law-abiding is cruel
Many legal experts, people more qualified and smarter than you, say DACA is legal. This decision is morally wrong and bad for the economy.
Just get it done.
Mostly because you and your obstructionist party couldn't work across the aisle to pass any legislation.
Please pass legislation to protect the Dreamers
We're watching you, you unconstitutional overreach of hatred!
#DefendDACA
Another trump lie!!!
Buried in holiday weekend Friday night doc dump: DOJ admits Trump's wiretap claim not true http://cnn.it/2eIz9Km  @jaketapper on #TheLead
Actually there was no ruling stating it was unconstitutional. Why not "fix" it before nixing it?
@SharylAttkisson
Be advised
Every disgraceful college president is sending emails to all students advising them to oppose
Humanely for whom? Keep America safe! No amnesty, use #RAISEAct to decide who comes 2 USA, who stays here including DACA. Most not children!
C'mon Ron wasn't it GOP Senate who killed it in 2010..GOP house in 2013 ....but now u care. More GOP BS...
Finally the voice of reason...common sense...can Congress actually make it happen?

The system is not broken, enforcement is !
A breath of fresh air. The Liberals will be beating on you and your poor family tomorrow.
A constitutional law president Obama didn't create any illegal act! Ur a #LIAR!! & U should hav done ur job last 8 yrs! #Fool #LOSER
Enforce our immigration laws, get rid of DACA it is illegal & carved out special treatment for illegals. Deport all who are here illegally
If only you truly understood the term "common sense."
Way to alienate the future of your own state and the future of America. We are a nation of immigrants. #daca #badgerpride
Shame on you Ron. Shame.
Wrong
Border security a necessary prerequisite.
And put $/start border wall constr in as a condition for addressing DACA.
And you chicken shits did nothing about any of his illegal eo's.
Then why didn't you pass a law? That is your job.
Secure the borders THEN we'll talk about DACA
#EndDACA  Not "Broken" Enforce US laws. Pass RAISE & Build That Wall. Make Sanc Cities criminally & civilly liable for illegal's crimes.
Humanely? What was inhumane was you tired asses not standing up to that 45 and his racist rants and bigotry.  America is tired of y'all!
Funny how these guys all become Joe legislator when an issue for non Americans comes up &couldn't give a shit about 325mm rest of the time
Republicans blocked Obama at every turn. DO YOUR JOB! Work with Democrats to protect the Dreamers. Show some moral courage.
Blocked Obama? Should have been impeached after all his violations including DACA! Had both houses of congress 2 yrs, screwed us w/OCare!
It wasn’t an overreach.   It was temporary stopgap measure to get you and your fellow members of Congress to come up with a permanent fix.
What's broken about our immigration policy? If you think we need to fix it, let's adopt Mexico's immigration system!
Hope your actions match your words.
You know that we don't trust you to do it, right?
Trade them some sort of status - we get RAISE act and Everify.
You'll TRY to fix it. But just like the rest of the "two party" system, you'll break it worse. Who does this honestly benefit?
You left out cutting legal immigration and guest worker program to improve the lot of average American voters.
We know where you stand.
BOOM!  Get to work @RepAdamSmith @MariaCantwell @PattyMurray We're watching and we're voting! @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @davereichert
if wall funded- then- help minor illegal aliens   -else-  no DACA!       I'm not mean I just remember there r legal immigrants waiting!
And don't forget your "base" expects this to happen right after you terminate the ACA and implement @POTUS tax reform/cuts. NOTHING LESS!
Obama tried to get Republican cooperation on immigration reform FOR EIGHT YEARS. Got nothing but obstruction. Go suck an egg.
Swings and roundabouts.
Our immigration system isnt broken. Enforce the law.
That's right. By not enforcing the law we or it, our government that is, caused the huge problem we have today
What exactly is the problem these kids cause?
Thank you, most of your brethren say ok to illegal Obama DACA , say no to Trump for reversing Obama. Whose side are those politicians on?
3 PLEASE SHARE: The US Govt's immigration solution is a lie. "Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs"
Not your job to protect foreign nationals
Protect Americans
2 PLEASE SHARE: US Gov immigration policy is destroying America. "Immigration By The Numbers-Off The Charts"
1 PLEASE SHARE: Knowledge is power. Most Americans are ignorant, blindly accepting & perpetuating the US Govt's immigration lie.
You're in congress right? Get to work.
Remember there are DACA recipients in our military.
Congress sux.  Both houses.. not gonna do a damned thing.
You and your party abdicated this responsibility to the previous President, RON.  You shouldn't judge action that YOU failed to take.
But I look forward to DACA protections being solidified into law.  GO. DO. THAT.
This is a shameful move on the part of 45. It's also shameful that you support.
POTUS is following the law! Not used to that after Obama, get used to it. DACA only one of his many assaults 2 Constitution
Ron an Trump your not God ..God will take care of the ones who do wrong like you an Trump who lies to the American people you will be judge
Everybody are immigrants in the USA why play God an judge them an tell them they have leave remember what do them will come a lot harder
It's humane, whereas you are not in your professed politics.
You still really suck, Ron.
The DACAs are not causing problems.  They had to be here by 2007!  Defeat the white hoods, neo Nazis, racists and Alt-R.  They r the threat
#DefendDACA
Says a person always handed everything to him
A WALL WILL FIX NOTHING!!! DRUMP ALREADY HAS DOMESTIC TERRORIST HE WON'T DEAL WITH, IN FACT SUPPORTS THEM
This is certainly not a high priority deal.  It's just Trump undoing something.  Republicans have had plenty of time to object, but nothing
He has friends that are $Mills & $Bills if he wants that wall. 45 can get the money from them! He wouldn't have no friends if he wasn't rich
Fuck you. Rj
Courts had not said DACA was overreach. This was preemptive cruel thing to do. You have proven you can't get anything done.800K fearful now.
1 more things Ron, get that "wall" out of your head right now! He said Mexico was paying for it. This is not United States of Mexico. 1/2
Your understanding of constitutionality leaves much to be desired, on this issue and so many others.
I hope "humanely" doesn't mean amnesty!!
If you pass amnesty, the voters will vote you out.
Do it, and do it fast. Although this should be a legislative action, the order in which this is happening is exactly wrong. @SenatorBaldwin
So....when Obama did this unconstitutional action, why didn't you stop him then? Hmmm?
Thank you Ron, I was getting a little tired yelling at you everyday. Now, was that so hard to do? That's Your job! You work for us, not him!

Here's a question from a #Veteran for @realDonaldTrump
How many of your children took the risks Lance Cpl Gutiérrez did?
ZERO
…

Duckworth: "This is a gut-wrenching betrayal of American values." 

Top Member of Trump’s Diversity Council Just Resigned on Live TV http://indiarising.news/top-member-trumps-diversity-council-just-resigned-live-tv/ …
so much winning! Sad!
A CRUEL ACT
Former President Obama slams President Trump for rescinding DACA, calling the move "cruel" and "self-defeating" http://cnn.it/2eCIyiS  
Immigration can't be "fixed" so long as the main focus is conduit for undocumented Dem voters! Amnesty is not a fix! It is license to steal!
the voters of WI will hold you to that senator...
GOOD LUCK... PLEASE GET THE JOB DONE SOON.
Why do innocent people always get hurt when the senate says they are #FIXING SOMETHING. Try to do it humanely the 1st time.

President Obama slams Trump's #DACA decision, calling it:
-"wrong"
-"self defeating"…
Jeff Sessions, attorney general, LIED UNDER OATH!  FIRE SESSIONS!
Thanks for the support but you better follow thru!  800k livelihoods are at stake!
support???

.@POTUS's decision on #DACA is wrong approach at a time when both sides need to compromise on #immigration reform https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=E1DFA7A9-1FCA-4F7D-8CDC-F84E00599E47 … 

JUST IN: Former Pres. Obama on Trump administration rescinding DACA: "Shadow has been cast over some of our best and brightest young people" 

Per @MSNBC just now. The Trump administration is potentially about to deport the wife of a U.S. soldier set to be deployed to Afghanistan.
Still searching for that elusive original thought I see.

White House on legality of Muslim ban: POTUS power on immigration is "beyond question"

White House on DACA: it's illegal our hands are tied

What do the courts say about that?  They determine that not you and your political rats.
Now is the time to fix our broken immigration system?  Maybe when DACA was put into place was time.  #DoYourJob
We the people need to vote you out disgusting
Thank you Sir.
I stand with Dreamers
yeah, right....from the party that wanted to kick 20+ million people off Obamacare......
#YOUROPINION #Overstep by OBAMA-trump #everything OBAMA DID WAS OVERSTEP#SMARTERTHAN TRUMP
and Trump is also unfit mentally!!!  25th amendment Trump is a narcissistic sociopath!
and Trump should be impeached for Obstruction of Justice and emoluments clause and kleptocracy and all his lies and conspiracy theories.
Protect our employees, our customers, the people who are an integral part of our society. Fire #SenRonJohnson and #DefendDACA
You could have fixed all of this WITHOUT endangering innocent children. What is wrong with you #SenRonJohnson? #ImpeachTrump he's disgusting
