"unique perspective" is used when you can't think of actual ways to praise someone. I would have preferred someone qualified.
Business experience doesn't hold sway when diplomacy is needed and national interests are not for sale.
Too many ties to Russia & big oil. How on earth did you guys approve him? What happened to putting country before party?
you voted for a person who is financially vested with our enemy, Russia/Putin. Just ridiculous
Yeah, it will be "valuable" to Exon, Rex, Trump, Russia, (the list goes on!)
so the party line trumps the security of the country and the needs of your constituents?
He only wants Russia sanctions removed so he can drill in Russia. Exxon has more oil wells than the US. You are SHAMEFUL
I have serious concerns about his continued ties to the private sector. Sincerely, an angry 54449 constituent
you need to leave the davis-bacon act alone and do not make National right to work a law
It was a pleasure to see your warm smile on the dias today, 6 years in coming to now, get the work of the People accomplished
Did you get some oil money to say this? Or was it Russian Rubles?
Wouldn't surprise me. That's gonna be our currency soon, if we don't get these idiots in check FAST!
This "unified republican government" is making things worse at an alarming rate.
Tell me about it. They celebrate the first time since Coolidge. I fear they might be worse than his Republicans...
Unique is one way of putting it. He’s coming from a private sector with a business and personal ties to Putin. Unacceptable
Valuable to Russia, that is. President Reagan is rolling in his grave at how the GOP has sold out
Good work keeping the title #OurDumbSenator. Tillerson is a shill for Russia and big oil, and a disaster for the USA.
good luck everyone
so how much can you get for a soul theses days?
Oil/gas gave Ron $346,000 last year.
, it also provides unique conflicts of interest. Person look further, maybe you can find someone who has exp & integrity.
Do you even take yourself seriously?
vote NO on DEVOS and answer the phones

JUST IN: House approves resolution killing SEC requirement for oil, gas, mining companies to disclose payments to foreign governments
what a cute way to spin lack of qualification. how adorable of you.
Rex Tillerson gave a SWEET deal to Russia.  The gift that keeps on giving.  AMAZING!!!  #presidentbannon
Sounds like you want all votes based on qualifications and not party lines. VOTE NO on Pruitt, Devos, Mnuchin,Sessions, Perry
I agree.
aren't you concerned about PUTTIN RELATIONSHIP? Are we handing the US to puttin?
Disagree. Your constituent here.
I likes Rex....He is good for Mother Russia. Oh and my wallet! Thanks Comrade Johnson!!
NO.
Extremely disappointed that you let Wisconsin down in this way. So worried about your very bad judgment on this confirmation.
With no diplomatic experience.
Terrible pick. Vote no on Tillerson and Devos.
in that he loves russia or ?????


As a WI resident, I object!  We don't need a Russian comrade as Sec of State.  Please vote no.
This man does not care about our best interests.
Valuable to #PresidentBannon and #TrumPutin maybe. Oh, and another thing to keep in mind #Unconstitutional #Gerrymandering
Now do the right thing and go block Betsy Devos.  She is dangerous and unqualified to lead.
Put the People B4 party #russianhacking Look at #TrumpLeaks #TrumpLiesMatter #alternativefacts #ImpeachTrump
Doubtful
Still waiting for your private sector experience to benefit Wisconsites that don't have 7 figure bank accounts.

You are obviously delusional.
Tillerson at state will be a disaster for all of humanity. Stop lying to yourself and the American people. #ExxonKnew
NO. it provides conflicts of interest. vote no!
VOTE NO ON DEVOS
Now I'm starting to doubt that you understand what a Sec of State does. It's a bit more than being BFFs with Russia
Please vote no on Ms. DeVos. She has absolutely no idea what's she's doing.
Tillerson's Russian ties are as deep as Trump's. You've betrayed us.
Tillerson has deep ties to Russia.  You've betrayed us voting for him. Put our children and country first. Vote NO ON DEVOS
Exxon has drilling rights in Russia they can't use. We'll see.
wrong experience and the wrong time
Thats "whats good for GM is good for the USA". Not necessarily so. Especially energy. Don't parrot bogus pseudo-theology
and his great friendship with putin is a bonus!
no on unqualified Devos children deserve skilled leader not political donor croanie
do you think he will put the interests of United States citizens ahead of big oil?
Too bad it hasn't worked in your case.
You're surely voting No on DeVos. She wouldn't be hired by any school district. Not qualified at all.
you're a corporate tool, Ron.  I cannot believe anyone voted to reelect you.
And his ties to RUSSIA YOU #COWARD
Of course...because I can't imagine any conflicts of interest when you're a big oil CEO and now the Secretary of State...gag
Yeah, he'll get along real well with Russia.
Tillerson is in Putin's pocket and cares more for his own enrichment than for our country.Americans will suffer deeply
Wisconsin is ashamed of you.
Interesting choice of words, "valuable". To whom is the value? Send some my way, please. Support the VA system fully.
Leonard Peltier has a unique perspective too but you're not suggesting he get the appointment.
Please explain how.
like yours has done so much for Wisconsin? (Hint: the answer is no.)
As long as reasonable, fair, and diligent oversight ensures he recuses himself re: conflicts of interest (unlikely)
our hopes for him are high, our expectations are low, I just hope he can keep us out of war with Russia and China
As do his ties to Russia. Nice work.
you fools u put the fox in charge in of the hen house! He's a planet destroyer! You didn't protect the people, u sold us out
Not true ! He is evil
yea agreed he'll be great for special interest and big oil!!!
