How about you have someone answering your calls, face your constituents?
No, you lie just like your buddy Trump. You are out, my friend.
Fires rage in the west & hurricanes rage in the south & the buffoon the GOP gave us for POTUS only cares about NFL ratings. GOP=IDIOTS!
says you. We're not stupid Ron, we know what the healthcare bill is and isn't. And it has nothing to go with health or care.
NO !
This will leave hundreds of thousands uninsured once again as before Obamacare. 1 step forward 10 steps back
All major health organizations disagree.  You don't empower. You strip protections from those who need it most.  You ought to be ashamed.
No!!!
And you will pay at the polls, Senator. Listen to your constituents-we are contacting you here on Twitter because your voicemails are full.
I listened to your live speech on CSPAN2 moments ago and I find no factual basis for your GCHJ claims.  You ought to be ashamed.
Senator Johnson, you should work to improve healthcare; not repealing it and replacing it with something that's even worse than what
worse than what you helped to create.
Do everything in your power to protect our health care. Block the dangerous Graham-Cassidy bill. Stop playing politics with our lives.
So u think all citizens r not entitled to equal health care? Think all of block grants will be spent on citizens equally? Naivety squared
This is your plan?  Lame
As a healthcare provider in your state of WI, I absolutely disagree. This is not what the people of WI need.
what crap. all it does is screw people and put money in your pockets. SHAPE UP
Who specifically is empowered?
Nope, you are still wrong
u r 1 selfish man. I am a MD. I would never support a bill with questionable pre-existing coverage. How dare u do that,Doctor. Gross plan

No, no, no.
I'd love to be part of ensuring care to my community but #GrahamCassidy won't give healthcare leaders the funding to do that.#Tweetiatrician
Ask Sen Johnson why we can't afford universal healthcare like most other nations. He says it will bankrupt us but other countries manage it!
Neither should be involved in deciding anyone's Health Care. True author of the bill heratige foundation.
Why are AARP and American Medical Association against Graham Cassidy? I do not those are partisan groups.
And why did the Medicaid Directors from all 50 states issue a negative statement about Graham-Cassidy? #NotRhetoricalPleaseAnswer
Because Wisconsin shouldn't have to pay for crazy Californian policy.
And you are also a NO. I don't understand your thinking. I also left myself wide open for that one. Explain it to me then.
Just repeal the ACA already. Work on replace later.
SO RACIST that it's more important 2 u to repeal signature Obama legislation than ensure healthcare for the sick?
Sen. Johnson,The GrahamCassidy Bill would take insurance away from 30mill. Americans including our most vulnerable: the elderly and children
Look up the word empower. You're thinking bout burdening
smoke & mirrors.  winners = states, elites, non-minorities; losers = minorities--sub-std healthcare & less med $$$ for them.  watch!
Experts disagree and so do I.
This bill is an abomination @SenRonJohnson  Shame on you for putting the GOP ahead of  Americans
ACA is broken because politicians (like the sponsors of this bill) have gone out of their way to sabotage it, every step of the way.
Liar! This bill is an abomination. 32M people without health ins & healthcare is not empowerment, it is deathcare.
LIES!!! U R SO quick 2 sentence people 2 die! May u be afflicted with a swift & deadly disease to remove the cancer from OUR gov't.
"Tax cuts for the rich, pork for me to distribute, big bucks for candidates, and a death warrant for 32,000,000 people? Yup, sounds good!"
Funny, they say your state WILL be getting its own special dish of pork in exchange for selling out the American public w #CassidyGraham
Don't vote for it.  That is all.
Do we really  need 50 different health plans????
I'm so praying for the bill. Now with McCain my hope is fading. What can we do to pass this thing?

Homeland Security says Russian hackers targeted Wisconsin's voter registration system http://bit.ly/2ffRsD9  
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy
So this is what you bill does.  You are not for the people you never were . You are for lining you pockets like most GOP. Thank John McCain
And what happens if some states remove coverage for pre-existing conditions? My friends shouldn't have to move because of that.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154793391660493&id=7292655492 …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1713309898700493&id=908009612563863 …
This bill distills everything wrong with the GOP today.  @SenJohnMcCain found his conscience.  Can you find yours or is it lost forever?
Do the right thing. Vote No! Make a bipartisan bill that will work for all Americans!
Yours does NOT cover pre-existing.  YOU LIED.  All providers say it's bad and so does the rest of America.  Just stop.
If it's such a great plan let the CBO score it and prove to Americans that's it's a good as you say it is!
GCH empowers those closest to their communities to strip their neighbors & constituents of proper med coverage/attention and/or life!
#GrahamCassidy is the distilled essence of everything wrong with the GOP today.  You are a traitor to the people of WI and will be replaced.
Ask people this will HURT Senator Johnson.  Ask  medical people in the trenches. Ask people with pre-existing conditions. You are WRONG!
What protections are in place to ensure that my 10yo daughter with Type 1 diabetes and Celiac disease will have affordable healthcare?
That is a LIE.  WI is begging you to do the right thing for their health and their families.  And you keep voting for death/bankruptcy.
If you know this isn't true: you're lying
If you think it's true: you're ignorant of policy&practice
Either way, you should not be a senator
Ever watch Jimmy Kimmel?
I called U I want U to Vote NO! Your mail box is full! What a disastrous bill! What are you thinking! Save Obamacare!
This isn’t an opinion or an opposing view; it’s disingenuous (also known as “lying”). @USATODAY @SenRonJohnson #GrahamCasiddy
Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson empowers those closest to their communities to provide effective health care. http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/09/20/senator-ron-johnson-let-states-tailor-health-care-editorials-debates/105830692/ …
This line is.... so so bad
you mean like Walker has done????   NO!!    we need to join the rest of the developed countries with UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE!
Vote no. Represent the voice of your constituents.
No it doesn’t. You are towing the GOP line. Elections are coming.
#NoGrahamCassidy
As a constituent pediatrician I am still waiting for you to answer how you will protect WI children on Medicaid from loss of coverage
Universal health care.
You could not be more wrong.  Shame on you.
Ronny just wants to put $$ into Walker's pocket because Walker is so incompetent he can't keep the lights on in Wisconsin.
Then why are all healthcare organizations in America against it?
@SenRonJohnson's message: I could care less about Americans' healthcare, but maybe someone at the state level does. Let's under fund them
How will you be personally affected by the bill? Will your health care change?
Please stop trying to murder us.
No hearing, no CBO numbers and we, the people,  are supposed to believe that a bunch of millionaires will do what is good for us?  Right!
Your constituents and the American public in general disagree. Listen to the people you represent!
Signed, a registered Wisconsin voter
BS!  You hear me?  BS!

You mean make them even more complicated - therefore more expensive!
It will hurt states! Stop acting like you are saving the day - this is a cop out.
Pro Koch bot
Your untruths are showing Ron Johnson. Your state level is worse right now than almost every other state in America.
Criminally untrue
If it is so right, why so many legit organizations disapproved of it
Do not vote for this Senator.  All the Koch money in the world wont get you elected if you do.  Party b4 Politics
I dont want Insurers to b in charge bt they are! Profits off the sick/dying! Get to single Payer like the rest of the world! Gov obligated!
BULL! It continues to empower the Insurers and their greed! They aren't oblidged to us! No votes lost! Gov. Needs to be obligated for HC!
Liar and deceiver, just like the rest. Please donn't get on tv with this BS
It empowers states to prioritize the profits of insurance companies over the health of constituents. Healthcare is a right #MedicareForAll
The only one this bill empowers are your funders.

Got a preexisting condition? Here's how much extra you'll pay under #GrahamCassidy. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
How do you look at yourself in the mirror, this is evil legislation
Lies lies lies from the racist republican senate
Empty your voice mail box. Can't call you. FYI
Wisconsin is watching. Vote against this. Vote against it as we tell you to. Be our voice or be unemployed.
You were voted in as a voice of Wisconsin. Vote for Graham-Cassidy and you will fail that, and you will lose your job, senator.
Please do NOT support this piece of legislation! We want Single Payer! Spend money to save peoples lives with quality healthcare.
"Rubber Stamp Ron," is at it again.  Now, how does this happen? Examples please?

Or does it provide the states a quicker path to single payer systems and eventual bankruptcy? Just asking.
Bologna!
Why do GOP Governors oppose it? It is a gift to the rich and you know it!

#Traitor
Saying this over and over again does not make it true
Health care providers disagree, as do all major patient groups and the American public.
And Hospital administrators & insurance companies & Medicaid leaders...
You just approved $800 BILLION FOR MILITARY, you're logic here is crazy
Too bad it will be unaffordable for those that need it the most.
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
If it's so great, why don't you want it?
Just remember that every single senator voting to "save us from government healthcare" HAS GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE
50 state Medicaid directors, insurance cos, AMA, AARP, AHA say that's a lie. Why reject expert analysis? Fear? Be honest/ethical: vote no.
cough  bullshit  cough
Wrong wrong wrong wrong False false false. Stop it stop it stop it stop it.
sure---read what Governors Hogan and Kasich said
By empower you mean take their medicaid funds and shift the blame for the plan's failure while you spend the savings on tax cuts for Kochs
I wish more ppl would understand that this is what they are doing?
By cutting funding
Will you, sir, be using the Wisconsin plan?
No sir, that is not true.
This bill will raise the avg health insurance premium in WI by $4400/yr. 414K WI'tes will lose coverage. WI hospitals lose $373K/yr.
How is that empowerment?
Did you sell your soul, or just lose it somewhere in the abyss of partisan politics? #Shame4Sham #GrahamCassidy
No. Did you confer with your constituents? If you cannot get Trump out, there will be no one left to cover any way.
The bills you sponsor are cruel and inhumane. Therefore, I think you are cruel and inhumane. And I can't wait for us to finally vote you out
Blah, blah, blah. You keep regurgitating your message. You're a co-sponsor of the bill. We'll have you to thank for losing healthcare.  
Since nobody wants this, u r putting your donors demands above voters. This is politics. What good are donors if you lose elections? Vote NO
The same people who rejected Medicaid expansion, you mean? They've already demonstrated their priorities.
Block grants are meant to undo the gains Obamacare made for our most vulnerable citizens.  Block grants are a lie a dangerous lie.
Your constituents do NOT want this, AMA, AHA, AARP, in fact every medical authority says it's terrible. You are taking health care away.
Looking at what has been done to WI public schools during @ScottWalker ‘s tenure is added proof what he’ll do to our healthcare. #VoteNo 
This so called bill is nothing more than politicians bought & paid for giving their big money donors a big tax cut. Time to drain the swamp.
Experts say people with Pre-Existing Conditions will be priced out of insurance. They will not be able to afford premiums.
You will pay dearly for this Sen Johnson. I will volunteer to make sure you will be voted out. Let Trump wipe his ass with Constitution.
Go ahead vote for it and pass it? Can't wait to see you fall....
Just like Humpty Trumpty sat on wall.... then???
doing this for the money and their wealthy donors with financial guns to the repubs heads...FOLLOW THE MONEY FOLKS
Closest to the people would be to cut each one a check for the value of health coverage each year. Why stop at the state gov't?
ah!  Your name is on it...that explains why you're so in love with a plan that hurts so many.
Bullshit!
Nope. It doesn't. Lying again.
That's a great idea.  Pass the problem down to the states since the US Congress is completely incapable of improving ACA on a federal level.
How does stripping health care from 32,000,000 people amount to "empowerment"? You are a poor liar in a party full of them.
Bs
In the short amount of time written in the bill? Doubtful. But we must eradicate Medicaid at any cost, eh, senator?
Liar
Bullshit. Do your job and improve ACA.  Care for America, build up your country.
The problem is that the money for states is not guaranteed ...means it will be reduced.  States like WI will lose. We need Federal funds.
If this can possibly work which is a slim possibility, we need guaranteed funds.  Sen. Johnson should volunteer payments he is receiving.
WI didn't take ACA expansion money.   Claiming ACA doesn't work in WI is Gov fault not the law.
Your bill is terrible - you should be ashamed of yourself.  Obviously you do not care about other human beings.
I am a stage 3 cancer survivor with 85% chance of recurrence. I can't afford an annual premium increase of &150K. DEATH WARRANT!  SHAME!
rubbish! Discriminating againts people with pre-existing conditions takes power away from those who need it most
Do you want to buy the Brooklyn Bridge?
It also takes guarantees away that we can not afford to loose
Then give all 50 states relatively equal and unrestricted block grants of our our tax funds to provide the health care we choose.
Forces 50 states to come up with 50 different health care systems within 2 years. Ridiculous.
Good god rojo, you repubs have to offer ObamaCare to Alaska to get a vote from Sen Murkowski for the repeal. What is not nuts about that????
You're taking away health care. Ron, people will die as a direct result of your actions. People. Will. Die. Because. Of. You.
All Medicaid directors, ACA, AARP, AHA, major insurance companies & more say this is a horrible plan, but we should believe you 4 instead??
Not really!It is contrived by non-medical minds to try to salvage a political disaster withAmericanCitizens paying the price.
If you want to get close to the problem, talk to the patients with pre-existing conditions. They pay price for your arrogance and stupidity!
No. It means people will die. You're basically a murderer.
It does no such thing, and you know it.  It removes access to services for those most in need.  The vulnerable, the sick, the dying.
Wrong.Look at all of the notable organizations against this http://bill.You  are sucking up to your big money donors. Shame shame u 
Effective health care from insurers who are free to jack up premiums for any reason and put caps on coverage. #LIAR
Your appearance on MSNBWas shameful as are you! Whose paying you ? I want an investigation
No, it's another "screw you if you're not rich" bill by the GOP
If this was something they were good at it would be happening already.
Heller Nevada hates you
Nice try...I'm not buying it. Sincerely, a Wisconsin Registered Voter
You do realize people are now saying Rope Tree GOP. That's what I'm hearing people saying if you mess with health care. How's your security?
The people of WI will remember that you put the Koch brothers before the voters!
We knew he was terrible yet he got reelected on a wave of Russian propaganda and hate. Now we're stuck with this guy for 6 more years.
He's in bed with Paul Ryan and Gov.Scott Walker!  This Liar could care less about the American People and helping or listening to them!
Hey rojo, very bad logic! The Wisconsin repubs  cannot manage to repair roads and still increase debt. Really too incompetent, bad logic.
