Lower taxes for the rich, what is there not to like?
Your comment about Senator McCain was a telling tweet about your total lack of morals and integrity. Your disgusting.
Try not to embarrass yourself and WI this time by insulting an American hero who voted with his brain instead of wallet like you did.
You don't need to apologize it's the truth we're all thinking it .. specially with that weird devil laugh he had after his Thumbs down
I want to fact check this "devil laugh" accusation. I saw a very solemn face, no laugh, no smile after thumbs down:
Please do pictures posted all over laughing with Chuck
Please post the devil laugh pictures and audio.

But the "photo" is a meme with no indication when it was taken.  There's no audio of a "devil laugh," the quote, or a name of who heard it.
Exactly. I don't believe this photo was taken after the heath vote. I think the author of that article intentionally misleading people.
Of course your video is the only true one so what's the point In showing you in the first place you would believe nothing
Help Trump
Should've used your time to make a public apology to @SenJohnMcCain - we understand that you're too small of a man for that.
Your comments about John McCain were horrible.  You owe him an immediate apology.
Blaming McCain's brain tumor on his vote to repeal the ACA, shows your true character...you should be ashamed of yourself!

#CutTheirCard! #BalancedBudgetOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Tax reform, brought to you by the same corrupt ideologues that fucked up fixing the ACA.
would rather dust than listen to his BS
Pro tip: Do not insult the critically ill on air.
Balance the federal budget &
reform entitlement programs!! DO NOT raise the debt ceiling! #CutTheirCard!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Plan on bashing @SenJohnMcCain ?
That's "expressing sympathy"!? OMFG, you really think you're helping by trying to kill people like my friend, don't you?
You're comments about John McCain honestly make me throw up! You are a disgrace!! How dare you?? Do you always kick them when they are down?
Well if their plan is as bad as Trumpcare, it is doomed to failure as well.  Trump agenda is dead.  Move on and take up American's agenda.
You are not fit for your job. Your state needs to vote you out of office.
Morally reprehensible.  Only a small, mean human attacks another like you did @SenJohnMcCain.  You brush all those you serve with shame.
How low a blow can you go about John McCain? Disgusting behavior. Shame, shame. Part of the swamp.
U need to go find your soul. I yhink u lost it beween here and the Kremlin. Take bk ur ugly lies re John McCain.
#GOPtreasonweaselsneedtogo
And John McCains live Facebook didn't go well either read the comments to him those questions weren't asked to him
You are an a$$hole. Plain and simple.
Back peddle, back peddle, back peddle,...remember talk about some other than McCain, back peddle....
Ppl give to a charity.
When the govt takes money fm one person as a tax & gives it to another one,
That is income redistribution...Socialism
Dear Senator Johnson;
You were elected by the common people, why are you throwing them under the bus when it comes to health care.
So since your brain transplant is that the reason you voted for the AHCA ? It would take someone with no brain to vote for it
Ron Johnson - on @cnn @NewDay is trying to hurt sick unwell people! .. Unwell people hurt as RON JOHNSON is covered on by TAXPAYERS!
Congresman should not be covered by taxpayers that cannot afford health insurance.
THE SENATE THE HOUSE THE PRESIDENCY IS "OLD"  THEIR THINKING CAP IS USELESS. BEEN IN POWER TOO LONG.  ERADICATE THE 3 HOUSES OF GOV

Johnson assumes that anyone who puts country before party must have a debilitating disease. Shame on him. http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/09/politics/kfile-ron-johnson-john-mccain/index.html …
Your position on tax reform is as dishonest as your positions on net neutrality and health care. #Wisconsin deserves better.
Johnson on shows with his "presentation slides" trying to show how ACA is not working. Americans DONT TRUST YOU with ur party over country.
80 bagger with voodoo economics. Fu BTW Foxconn is a con. Fake jobs for the fake news Junkies of Wisconsin
Sen Johnson, get on a network where you get some coverage.  The two dozen people that heard you on CNBC isn't enough.
Wow, sir. Where is the tumor that clearly made you lose your tact and respect for fellow colleagues?
And if this really were an issue, your problem should be with Mitch McConnell et al for making McCain travel in ill health to vote your way.
On CNN this morning to hear this jackass misspoke on Sen. John McCain  and on N. Korea shows how IGNORANT many n the Republican Party are
Tax Reform? Oh! You mean Corporate Welfare to the biggest & most greed ridden entities. You are pathetic. #UNSEAT
It's time for @senRonJohnson to resign. Wisconsin needs a Senator that works  for all its citizens, not just the party and the PAC.
Are you going to retract your comments about @SenJohnMcCain 's mental acuity? That was the lowest of the low. You should be ashamed.
Good job Senator Johnson...but McCain is a traitor and McConnell needs to be replaced...
Shame on Ron. Attaching an American hero. Why not tax Foxcomm from the start. 25 years.
How will you make sure companies aren't living off the dole i.e. tax credits, loopholes, special funding, and paying their share?
Oh, and let's ignore the fact that we're facing nuclear war.

Gonna talk about what excrement you are for your comments about McCain? He has twice the brain you will ever have. May God smite you mute.
Hopefully the first thing out of your mouth is an apology to @SenJohnMcCain and the second thing out is your resignation #disgustingspin 
McCain been an anti Trumpster since the beginning...like Nam he didn't care about the troops now he doesn't care about Americans
After your recent comments about John McCain Wisconsinites believe it is time you resign as senator for Wisconsin!!!!!!!
Or how the GOP is making the rich richer and the rest of us are SCREWED!  #paytoplay
Maybe you have a tumor, or just lack a spine, since you voted for taking healthcare away from millions.
There's a comfy safe zone for you. Did they give you the questions ahead of time or just bullet points?
