They don't need thoughts and prayers, they need food, water and gas.  Give them help Senator.
How much are you donating? you're worth 36 million right?
Please work for a waiver of the Jones Act. think & pray that you do your job and get some water and food sent stat
That and a buck fifty will get them a candy bar. Send relief now! I don't why this is so difficult. We can buzz PRNK but can't drop water?
Lift. The. Jones. Act.
Ron honey, people really don't like you. Lift the Jones Act. Save lives. Do something.
"Because that's all they're going to get from this administration."
Those thoughts and prayers need to turn into action. Lift the #JonesAct
Thoughts and prayers are meaningless. Send people and supplies. Help our fellow Americans.
The US Navy is there where are the Seabees? Where are the navy motor transport operators?
Thoughts & Prayers? Really that's your answer? Kinda the same strategy if you get sick under your healthcare bill. Stupidity at its finest!
Stop with the prayers. ACT.
I hope every American who can donates to help US hurricane victims, I hope our govt steps up & helps those citizens & I hope help, too.
I hope you will put partisan politics aside & invoke the 25th amendment on the entire Trump Administration.  What a bunch of incompetents!
Thoughts and prayers don't provide tangible help. Lace up you shoes and get down there!
Repeal the arcane Jones Act. Get off your entitled white pedestal and insist PR gets help from their gov't.
Thoughts and payers. Send everything we got that we can this moment that can help our fellow Americans. They need help now.
Thoughts & prayers may be nice. Actual HELP is better. Stop your rhetoric & ACT doing good for the people of this country.
Thoughts & prayers = useless in humanitarian disasters. Get off twitter & GET HELP for Puerto Rico. You have the power to do good! #senator
Because that is what they need. Not drinking water.
For God's sake lift the Jones Act so help can get to them!!!
Send them help!  They ARE Americans!  Did u think Maria was fake news?  Ships should have been prepped & on their way a week ago!
I pray that the CITIZENS of Puerto Rico don't die because of the delayed government response.
Puerto Rico needs more than thoughts & prayers, they need leadership & military to deliver supplies & evacuate.
Why didn't the army deploy MOS 88M (motor transport driver)?
Thought is nothing prayers aren't really any help at all unless you think easing you concious helps how, react quicker gov fool
Prayers won't fix this.
Then why is aid delayed? U r such a @GOP #FakeSenator
You say all the right things, but ur actions never align with your words! #Sad #SendAidToPuertoRico #WaveTheJonesAct
Thoughts, prayers, and COPIOUS SUPPORT AND INVESTMENT.
Lift the Jones Act so they can get help! You have power to take action, not just send t & p!!
If only there was something you could do to help them? But how? You're just one man.  It's not like you're high up in the govt or anything.
Why don't you tell president nutjob  (@realDonaldTrump ) to keep them in his thoughts  (I doubt he prays) we already are. #PuertoRico
Why waive #JonesAct for Texas and Florida and not for PR? Should have seen this coming and been ready.
Get rid of #JonesAct. This isn't 1920 anymore! PR needs help NOW! and USVI too! These are OUR citizens.
I hope Congress keeps them in the appropriations agenda
So what are you doing to help them ?
Please support waiver of Jones Act. There is precedent for temporary waivers during times of crisis. This is critical for American citizens
America sending our thoughts and prayers to Koch brothers and your other billionaire #GOP Donors instead of tax cuts...ok?
Love this!
Do you ever get tired of all of us telling you that you suck? Look at these comments! We universally think you’re the worst!
Send them help and assistance!
Thoughts and prayers don't get people clean drinking water and unspoiled food.
Thoughts and prayers don't repair electric grids. Thoughts and prayers don't give medical supplies.
starting right at the top
We need to get more support out there now to get supplies from the ports to the people who need them. #savepuertorico
For god sakes, rojo, for once be a force to actually help do good. Call potus and demand supplies get there with no bullshit.
There we go again, thoughts and prayers. Do domething useful...a Berlin Airlift type of immediate supply chain directly to the people.
So suspend the Jones Act already...or quit expressing empty thoughts. Just sit there doing nothing but screwing up. Better if you resign.
Why don't you get your lazy ass down there and do something then? With all your bennies you can certainly afford it.
Suspend Jones act! Trumps payoff for McConnell really worth the blood on your hands?
Maybe you could, you know, send them help? Since you're kinda in a place to do shit like that
Do they have an @NFL team?
Thoughts and prayers don't do shit. Lift the Jones Act and DO something.
They can't eat or drink thoughts and prayers. Tell Trump to waive the Jones Act and GET THEM SOME HELP!
Took you what a WEEK to do something?!!
They don't need thoughts and prayers. They need the Jones act waived and military assistance
That doesn’t accomplish anything.
