Objection. Leading the witness.
BIG LIARS!!!
Again I bet they felt you only cared Face value. Like Hillary trying to take Coke minors jobs
How about meeting your constituents?
and what will you be offering instead....you don't know..because you're not very smart
Love seeing AF2 being generously and wisely used to take officials to those events that you attend. 
EXCELLENT!!!
Pence didn't break the law with Emails in fact he followed the law unlike Hillary who lied and broke the law
Nearly 13% of all jobs created since ACA have been in health care.It's a job creator.
http://www.healthleadersmedia.com/community-rural/healthcare-job-growth-threatened-aca-repeal …
Why not meet with the people who like healthcare? Tell your people how Cuba is more advanced than the U.S....you represent people too.
Clearly you are not listening. You and your cronies are the ONLY challenge to the ACA. We want it. Understand
Background
.@VP @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD Well, at least you guys button your suit coats.
And our president collaborating with a foreign government to influence an election. Don't forget that one.
good luck Mr Right
FIX IT THEN!!!  Don't replace it completely.  Make it better!!  Do your darn job!!
Let's do something about @BundyRanch
We must have a full clean repeal and no replacement except for the marketplace with no gov't nvolvement.
Why is Obamacare a challenge? It will be a challenge for millions if you take it away
said NO contact between Trump Campaign and Russia.

What else has Pence lied about?
https://twitter.com/cathykaku1/status/826828418998206465 …
@SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
heck call joshh wife mother.ummm what do you think.
yeah providing benefits to your employees is a challenge. Let em work hard and die young.
so sad that creeps are using my beloved Wisconsin as some insane clown show at the local Fleet Farm.
We stand with President Trump, VP Pence, this great Administration, & Republicans in Congress to #MAGA
And when they fall, Colonel, as they surely will, they're landing squarely on you.
#Coward @SenRonJohnson if you can't meet with constituents you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! @SecPriceMD
All of them are running from their constituents
at least Mike is doing his job the dems are just blowing smoke out of there asses.
Hiel to everyone! Great salute you guys  operate under. Hey BTW I turned Muslim lately. Just wanted u2no
meet with REAL PEOPLE
Release your emails, & get ready to take what you dished out! #hypocrisy 45's admin is going down. #Russia
Get off your government-provided healthcare before you  take away healthcare for 20m. #SaveACA #TrumpCare
looks like picture from Boys from Brazil.
How to Kill a Democrat Bug
https://www.whatsthatbug.com/2012/09/16/democrat-bugs-2/ …
Have a safe trip, and say hello to all the CEO'S for me!
maybe they will stop mooching from the government and provide insurance for their folks!
give us a break pence. This is just a diversionary tactic on your part. You used a private server, hypocrite
look 3 white men who don't support woman, people of color, LGBT - they only support rich white men #losers
you guys got this!
Thank you for your hard work Mr. @VP! We love you
I'm told the plane was filled with Russian fuel !
You were hacked, Hillary NOT.  #HypocGOP #PenceHomophobe
ick. So wish they would all 3 just fall down the stairs.
Stop in Green Bay and I'll buy you a beer and fish fry
Lock him up! Lock him up! That's what we do when you use private a email server, right?
BTW fuckwit, good job getting your AOL hacked BUT WHAT ABOUT HER EMAILS
Oh please. Your gov't is in a shambles. You are enabling possible traitors. Have a care!
make sure you take your Russian homework
Was this meeting arranged for via evite or more secure means of communication?
Did you make these arrangements with your private aol acct?
WOW. LOOK MORE WHITE MEN DOING HORRIBLE THINGS TO AMERICA. #BanPence
welcome to Wisconsin, land of two seasons, winter and summer. Good luck with your meeting.
I guess you think if you say Obamacare enough you'll make people believe it's bad.  Not how this works.
Impeach pence impeach trump save America
and like having a bunch of Russian traitors in the White House.
You found @SenRonJohnson who's been missing from WI! Janesville is a cop-out; so much more to WI than @SpeakerRyan's home.
The 3 Spooges!
Protect patients w pre-existing conditions & scrap individual mandate that helps pay costs. What's your plan?
how about the challenges WE face such as Orange prez & HOMOPHOBE VP, say hi to Vlady
Public Universal healthcare that covers ALL will fix their problems and everyone elses.
there you go spend more taxpayer Money Getting absolutely nothing done
what about that private email server you use during your governorship, come clean, Pence.
you might wanna stay close to the cheeto Jesus he is clearly loosing his mind
it's not a challenge when people overwhelmingly approve the ACA. Keep it. Oh wait, u won't because $
@steph93065 @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD Mr VP kick Johnsons ass
18 us code chapter 115
Read codes 2381-2390
Obama has done all
NOT ONLY WAS OBAMA CARE A JOKE, WE DO NOT NEED TO SEE OR HEAR THAT NAME EVER AGAIN..WE NEED REAL INSURANCE
Moe,Curly and Larry....One their way, kicking off "The BoneHead Tour"
We appreciate your twitter up dates it keeps  Americans on tap as to all the work that our VP &Pres R doing
what challenges will there be with Trumpcare?  All systems need adjustment in implentation of changes.
@realDonaldTrump Thanks for taking the time to acknowledge your citizens by waving as you board planes.
wonder if tom price will let those other punks in on his insider trading deals ?
@BasedMelGibson @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD great job 
What are you going to do about the challenges of having a deceitful Atty. Gen? Minorities and immigrants@risk
FOR!!!!! I Hope u PEOPLE get your comupence for what your doing to everyone!!!!!!!
 I can't believe "Obamacare" is the biggest challenge we face. Wake up. It's you guys.
Make sure u take everything away from the PEOPLE so u can do your bidding for the whore's. U really do work
welcome to Wisconsin
Ya get the CEOs,Insurance Industry out of it,you know the ones you make deals with for profit based health
Like you will accomplish anything except escape your email scandal for a spell.

and the challenges they'll have having no health care
How about their lying @POTUS and hypocritical VP, will you discuss those too? #Trumprussia #impeach
oink oink there go the money pig pawns of the insurance execs to earn their bonuses
So nice that RoJo can meet with business, but he has no time for town halls with his constituents.
God bless you
.@VP @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD You might want to head to hospitals and cancer centers if you want to hear about challenges re: insurance
Be sure to discuss the excellent business strategy of #UniversalHealthcare.  That would help biz owners.
are you sure Daddy Putin would approve?
Hey I'm a small biz owner. I LOVE the ACA. Just my 2 cents. Plus, please have a live town hall. Thx, bye.
THE BIGGEST CHALLENGE YOU FACE IS OBAMA AND HIS PROF THUGS MANY OF WHOM NEED TO LEAVE YOUR OFFICES NOW
Quit talking about your plan for O'Care and implement it already!!
like no real president
If you get a chance, tell @SenRonJohnson to hold a Town Hall. @SecPriceMD. PS - ObamaCare is AWESOME!!
What a joke
And what is your secret replacement plan?  Details?  Oh right - they are secret..........
@steph93065 @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD Just repeal it! Nobody was denied care in '13. It was designed to drive us into terminal debt.
loved the work here in IN, and impressed with your work in the White House. Especially clean up in cemetery
I only fallow u and @realDonaldTrump so can post my distain for u and the other trump traitors,not the only1
when will the Republicans grow a pair and start fighting back they are useless
emails???
I got your email, schmuck boy
no don't leave him home alone!
In this instance, Small Biz Owners is anyone on the Fortune 500 list
are they Russian? They look Russian...
USA HCAccess is a Healthcare savings account. All payments into are TAX FREE up to a credit limit set by congress annually.
Tell Johnson to have a town hall meeting like his constituents want He's a coward
nazi salut?
safe travels and have a blessed weekend!
looks like a 3 Stooges road trip.Don't forget the cheese curds!the Rats at the W.H.are probably hungry.
invoke the 25th
Stand with POTUS or b replaced by Voters 
This is the most hypocritical dangerous Administration yet. Shame on you for criticizing HRC and you used an aol account.  Unbelievable
u r next to resign, u lied, like trump, sessions, and most of your cronies. its unamerican, and so r u!
love the vice pres
So, going to go tell more lies.   Why not just email them?
another challenge: the republican "replacement". Or is it the "Russian" replacement"?
This administration spends too much time on photo events. What is their classification for a small business?
Pence should be locked up for using personal email server, same as said about Hillary / #muddrag
I'm confused. Private email server used for official business? Why is this ok for you and @realDonaldTrump but not HRC? Hypocrites!!!
Hypocrisy is the tantamount value among the #TrumpRegime clearly
Sir,You may find that those Americans outside your base,Have a very LOW Tolerance for B.S.Nyet!Nyet!Nyet!!
@RandPaul Is there where the secret meeting is???
Thank you for working for us.  Democrats gave us depleted military, failing ACA, growing ISIS, VA disaster.
investigate Trump's  and Sessions' Russian communications. Do your job!
Hacked emails? #lockhimup #trumprussia
it's the ACA you hypocritical dummy. Stop in IN along the way and say hi to Keith Cooper.
like changing your email address...
Sounds like you have no plan, so this trip, at tax payers expense, is just a delaying tactic 
why not meet with some victims of conversion therapy so u can see how debilitating it really is?
your email, tho.
I would like to know more about your private email while you were governor. You should not throw stones.....
....when you live in a glass house.
Mike Pence should be impeached along with 45 and his admin.
Can anyone say AFFORDABLE CARE ACT ?? Quit blaming Obama
How's that private email server, Mikey? #ironic #embarrassment
did you mean "Affordable Care Act"? The idiocy that we have in the White House is demeaning.
I would make sure to remember that medical expense are just that expenses.  Small business can write it off
USA HCAccess takes healthcare financing off the NATIONAL DEBT!
Is this meeting open Johnson's constituents?
USA HCAccess is a funding mechanism for all healthcare upon demand!
Hey Mike - How many free dial-up hours did you get with your AOL CD-ROM?
are we gonna investigate you for using ur private email servers?
Be sure to send Cease and Desist to people you don't like. You know, non-Christians.
then take Democrats with you or have you not shown them your proposed replacement? Have they had time to read
can't you just email them from aol?
tweak, not repeal.
Pence you need to answer to the US CITIZENS About your emails when you we're GOVERNOR.Go to church with trump
Maybe you can squeeze in a meeting or two with the Russians?
You Are Such an Amazing Patriot @VP, I Look forward to the HONOR of shaking your hand one day! Love My Harley
الحمد لله أعتقد اني بخير ولاكن هناك بعض القادة ينظرون من رأسهم ويحتاجون تعديل مسارهم ترك love
Cmon Mike... AOL? Really? Who uses AOL anymore? Not me since 1999 Its actually safer to have a private server
The challenge we Wisconsinites face is trying to get Ron Johnsonto host a REAL townhall with constituents. #DoYourJob
We know, they know, everybody knows..Get your asses to work and make it better.
The real challenges: this right wing coup you have colluded with Russia to install #LOCKHIMUP
Those most challenged by ACA are insurance cos who have been forced to pony up or pay fines. We see you.
VP, you used email for gov't. business. Then lied about it. Shameful. Some Christian you are.
@veganvecoh @SenRonJohnson @SecPriceMD Keep on truckin', Mr. Vice President. We support you! 
And don't forget to remind them not to use personal email for official business, Koch Brothers stooge.
"to meet with small biz owners and discuss challenges they face like Trump". Fixed that for you. #impeach
