It's not a hypothetical disaster, it's a real one.  The polar caps are melting and the oceans are rising.  Open your eyes.
You cannot vote to allow more coal waste in streams and rivers and at the same time claim to want cleaner drinking water.

@gop = hypocrites
@SenRonJohnson took $382,000 from oil/gas interests in 2016. Nothing he says on climate change has any meaning.
you are a disgrace to wisconsin and also a huge turd in general
This is all a hustle from the same people who own our government it was another attempt to destroy r country stop Chemtrails reduce carbon
#horseshit nice try ron.
By "taking other measures" why not start with universal background checks? Like 80% of your constituents asked you to do? #bought by NRA
You are so far off base, there are no words. We were not and were not going to spend that kind of money. Get the facts.
You and the Toddler are free to break that agreement. It tells us who you are. We don't need either of you to move ahead.
Safe drinking water? Haven't done a damn thing about Flint, Gary and all other cities. U R also murders calling health insurance healthcare!
You, @realDonaldTrump & the #GOP are shortsighted shills for the oil industry. #Wisconsin & our country need leaders on climate not you
.@SenRonJohnson, the authors of the study you cite say you underestimate the Paris Accords effects by six-fold: http://news.mit.edu/2017/mit-issues-statement-research-paris-agreement-0602 …
Here's @SenRonJohnson statement on @POTUS  #ParisAgreement decision--> 
Can't believe anyone is trying to have a conversation on this. It's about global redistribution of USA money. Not climate
Trump is done.  Your lack of vocal support shows this.  Be smart and cut ties
It was at least a start to solve a real "here"  & "now" problem. Ur message = Screw our children & their kid's hypothetical distant future.
You had better come up with a superb health plan to care for all the people that will get sick from the polluted environment
If you don't address geoengineering which is the cause of all the pollution what's the point you people think we're stupid you'll see
Climate change is made up excuse to promote transfer of wealth from USA
See how good it's working flouride chemtrails these people don't even know what the complaint about
I agree that the Paris accord was bad for the US taking jobs and billions of dollars out of the US.
Hmm. -.3 degrees w/Paris Accord, +4-5 degrees w/o Paris Accord. You sir, are full of it. Your dishonest omission of key data shows your bias
"So because this deal isn't perfect, let's do nothing & end world hunger ".  There.  I shortened it for you, Senator
Shameful.
Then why aren't you currently supporting causes that help the poor?! Put your money where your mouth is. #hypocrite #alltalknoaction
If you really believe these resources could be better spent on alleviating human suffering, then support a budget that actually does this.
Investing in clean and renewable energy is not "wasteful" but is making the US more competitive and less dependent on depleting resources.
How do these idiots keep voting you in.
What about the new clean energy JOBS! Fool
Why are clean energy jobs going away because we got out of this agreement? Green energy industry was developed well before this agreement!
Do you think opening new markets with all countries involved might help? Or should we stay home and let the powerful countries edge us out?
They edge us out because we give them the edge in trade. We pay them to do what we demand our companies to do on their own dime Unfair trade
Back to Paris, a non-binding agreement each country does their program. Bring the world together and do something to decrease pollution
I fear many many people have no clue about this subject. This subject I live every day and know very well! $1.00 per gallon!Check gal import
When people in Sub-Saharan Africa are starving due to drought, will you feed them with your sanctimony?
Yes ! This is sanity.
Our kids are the same age, know each other. What you're backing is a semi-literate president who doesn't care about our grandkids.
Don't see any money going to clean water or medical research. Only see Trump doesn't want to abide by the Paris Agreement. No upside there.
Please tell.- Are you one of  the 22 Republican Senators that received over $10m in "donations"  aka payoffs from the fossil fuel industry?
You are wrong for supporting this action.
Keep it up. Update your resume. Oh, forgot. Go back to your old "job"
Putting party, potus before country, world and humanity
Won't matter to your generation as you'll be dead and cursed by future generations as long as the planet holds up. SHAME ON YOU.
It is a start to the new energy future where 3rd world countries leap frog to the newest energy technologies that the Chinese  develop.
This is drivel, and you will be judged harshly not by some nebulous future view of history, but by your constituents in the next cycle.
Are you not able to support both? One eye on the present; one on the future. A skill we should expect all politicans to be able to master.
Ron Johnson supports the US to lose our leadership role in the world.  Ron Johnson doesn't represent Wisconsin' environmental leadership.
So disappointed that the US chose to give up leadership in the world.
Is being a lapdog for the dumbest president ever really what you want to do?
Nonsense.  And non-science too!
BULLSHIT!
You would rather kiss up to TREASONOUS Trump, than protect our air and water.
SHAME The government's job is to protect us from the dangerous effects of climate change. Our children deserve clean air and water..#SCIENCE
Too bad we are gutting environmental protections and funds for public health research at home...but oh it will be great here won't it?!
And the earth is flat, right RoJo?
Money can be spent on dismantling last bastions of Communism in China, making the world far better and safer than #ParisAgreeement ever can.
@SenRonJohnson, but @POTUS's plans don't help w/our current situation defunding key areas that need funding & we need to think long term too
You are wrong.
What have you done to further any of those efforts?  You know climate change exacerbates ALL of those, right?
This is a huge mistake for America.  This will hurt us financially, and put us behind the rest of the world. WI voters will remember this.
So you'll be funding the Great Lakes cleanup that Trump is trying to defund?  Because you'd rather spend money on drinking water, right?
Blindly following party over people, why would this ignorant statement be a surprise? Let's vote him out! #54011
You're so wrong Senator, as your constituent I ashamed & embarrassed by this.  Our children deserve so much better.  Climate change is real!
Senator Johnson, hold a town hall. Your constituents want to speak with you.
I am ashamed to be represented by you.
YOU ARE A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT! GET A CLUE YOU SELLOUT! HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT, ALL CUDDLES WITH YOUR $$ FOR SELLING OUT WI. & USA? SHAME!
I assume you're a scientist on the Koch  brothers payroll? Just wants to eliminate everything done by the first black president
Right. As if that's what's going to happen next. Get real, @SenRonJohnson This is a terrible thing for the U.S. to do.
Shame on you!
Bullsh*t. It's simply greed
You and the @GOP can't provide clean water to Flint, MI. What makes you think we believe you will do *anything* for the entire planet?
Trump sent $100MM to Flint to fix their water. Get caught up on facts. That problem happened under DEM watch!
I'd like to second this sentiment.
-A Wisconsin voter.
No part of this makes any sense. #ParisAgreement doesn't go far enough, so let's completely ignore it instead?
Here's @SenRonJohnson statement on @POTUS  #ParisAgreement decision--> 
If you want better results, you sign onto the agreement and use our position as a world leader to challenge everyone to do even better.
Instead, not only are we ignoring the thing you acknowledge implicitly is a global problem, we're giving up our world leader pulpit to boot.
How many of your constituents drink water from the Great Lakes? How many make their livelihood in agriculture? We'll all be hurt by this.
Once again, you're turning your back on Wisconsinites. If you and @SpeakerRyan have an ounce of soul left, I hope it keeps you up at night.
This is wrong and weakens the usa's status as a world leader. Climate change is a existential threat and we should be leading not hiding.
dude; reducing emissions means also stopping the GROWTH of emissions....you are missing some math. Also, I'm thinking of my grandkids.
Junk economics from a junk Senator.  I'm ashamed of you.
Problem here is you and your colleagues aren't exactly rushing to "move the needle" on any of these other pressing issues you identify.
So disgusted and disappointed by this. Never have been politically active before, but can't wait to volunteer for your next opponent.
Oh yes, I'll be there in 2018. And 2020. And 2022.
Me too, I'm right there with you!
So I assume this means that you'll be sponsoring a brand new bill that would reduce global warming by a more substantial amount then right?
I am ashamed to be represented by you.
Ditto
On my drive home on I-94 I'm just going to toss my trash out the window. Hopefully you're good with that too. You're welcome!
We need to fire up those coal plants... to prevent human suffering.
This is garbage; inaction on climate change at this point is simply immoral. Don't pretend for a second this is about alleviating suffering
Don't give massive tax breaks and we can do both.  Also, can you direct me to any legislation you sponsor to address the issues you raise?
It's why I voted to let coal companies dump their waste into streams. I mean, who drinks from those?
Guys, it's obvious fossil fuels have nothing to do with clean water and clean health.
Bad, bad response while corporate leaders, many republicans, and all world  but Syria & Nicaragua saying Trump is wrong #ParisAgreement
How Do you plan on providing clean water when you roll back environmental protections? Like not testing pesticides impact on water.
Even I know this is shameful.
