I'm sure they will be fired quicker than the confirmation process.  POTUS has no credibility in personnel decisions.
Merrick Garland. And ICYMI from what we've seen so far in this viper-nest administration, the fewer snakes appointed the better off we are 
Or the President could nominate a few people who aren't millionaire pals requiring a month to vet financial and international dealings.
Please post your voting record on presidential nominees during your tenure as Senator.  Thank you
Say "Merrick Garland" three times fast, then hang your head in shame at your own rampant hypocrisy.
Tell the Kentucky Gobbler to ram them through!
Rubber-stamping nominees from a compromised, unfit President would be a grave disservice to all Americans.
Maybe you and your majority leader need to find new jobs if you cant get your work done.
2/ public record of your vote FOR stripping away healthcare from millions of Americans.  3/nothing but the sound of crickets when DJT says
He would have to actually make nominees first. State department still had gaping holes with no names put forward.
It's true! That's why Supreme Court Justice Garland is on the bench today. OH WAIT.
That's actually funny, deadbeat.  The Republicans NEVER delayed any nominations from 2009 thru 2017...you suck!
3/climate change is a hoax. Senator, we, your voters will remember both your inactions and actions.
Your voters are paying attention to your actions. No public record of your disdain when DJT disrespected women, disabled. 2:
Was that your stance when President Obama was in office?
What nominees?
Merrick Garland.  Republicans wouldn't even give him the hearing he deserved. So eff your rule now that you want to apply it to your party.
To bad. Should have not stole seat.
Your party holds the majority and has used nuclear option at will, including the Gorsuch nom. There is nothing stopping noms except GOP.
@POTUS is crippling his own administration treating his cabinet members like contestants on a reality show.
well, if he stopped nominating lunatics....
An Administration guilty of treason deserves nothing less than rejection.
Well duh! So fix it!
Or you could fix this
@SenRonJohnson If the confirmation process is so onerous, maybe the president shouldn't be pulling John Kelly away from Homeland Security?
Maybe @POTUS should actually nominate people for the posts! You know, get vetted and all. You morons control it yet you are powerless?
Didn't hear you complaining when your party blocked Obama's SUPREME COURT NOMINEE
Atta boy ron start pulling for the team
Trump can't keep the people he has. The others there seem 2 b crooked. He hasn't nominated any1 for most positions. But blame dems 4 failure
Ron. Are you luney? You helped deny the majority of Americans an entire nomination to the Supreme Court. You really don't see that, do you?!
Why confirm anyone, President nut-job (@realDonaldTrump ) will just fire them in 2 weeks #ImpeachTrump
Support the RAISE Act Ron. There are these people called "Americans" that can fill jobs.Every worker you import takes a job from an American
Who needs a job now? His dry cleaner??
As you did to President Obama.  Trump nominated Mooch and we see how that worked out. #FakePOTUS #Chaos #Circus #LockHimUp #TreasonousTrump
Current GOP strategy: if you can't get it done legitimately, change the rules. A page out of the Trump playbook. Shameful.
So even if Reid's decision was not good (as you imply), precedent takes precedence over good judgment? I don't get it.
trump is dysfunctional.
PLEASE put up QUALIFIED candidates.  References from Putin aren't working.
You seem genuinely bi-partisan in the article - make the rule take effect after the current Presidential term?
Trump has nominated the most highly unqualified ppl for cab posts. Rather than change historically effective rules, change quality of noms.
This amounts to treason. The Senate must ACT to stop this NOW.
You could try nominating qualified candidates instead of donors and family members
Do you hear yourself?  Where were you the last 8 years?
Rhino's in the Senate need to get on board the President's agenda!!!!!!
39 comments so far explaining the truth to our Senator while a pathetic 7 people like/believe this tweet.
1. Are you saying both parties will be allowed to take oh, more than 5 min to ask nominees questions in comm. now? Not a lot of trust there
2. Could it be partially the fault of a messy transition packed of people with complex ethics issues to work out? Talk to your pres abt that
And 3. Don't you *dare* use Gorsuch as an example of how your poor GOP has been so oppressed. That was Obama's vacancy to fill.
The bad faith underlying this claim would be beneath a Senator who put country first. Alas...
look at his retention record! Filling positions isn't the problem -it's hiring quality people and that starts at the top!
Does the name Merrick Garland mean anything to you?
Crippled?? Pick another word dude. Constituents of yours with disabilities are not ok with this.
I hope you appreciate the irony in this statement.
I agree that we face enormous challenges. Having an incompetent, uneducated potus is our biggest challenge yet. Stand up to him!
Merrill Garland would agree
Excuse us??
the problem isnt that ur nominees r being denied, its this so-called POTUS cant nominate any quality, ethical, conscientious ppl #resist
Merrick Garland and President Obama both agree with your headline...imagine that!
Merrick Garland.
At least you didn't steel a SC seat or anything, oh wait. Deaf ears.
Oh, come on - over 2x as many spots have no nominee as those waiting for confirmation.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/?tid=a_inl …
Merrick Garland called and said you're a hypocrite. Do your job for once. #RussianSpy How much is Putin paying you?
Big challenges created by liberal socialist dems and nurtured by spineless RINOs. @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
Come on (my)Senator keep changing the rules & I'm certain it will bite you in a couple years, #hypocrisy doesn't look good on you
Merrick Garland sends his regards.
What a joke! The only one denying nominees is the giant Orange man!
Maybe he should appoint?
Trump is responsible for crippling his administration. And GOP is responsible for this ineffective and embarrassing government.
How about he nominates qualified people who aren't beholden to dirty money and corrupt regimes? This isn't rocket science.
The admin hasnt nominated anyone to fill many roles, including critical ones in State dept. Tell @WhiteHouse to fill them before accusing Ds
That's not the only challenge, Congress certainly playing their part in more ways than just that.
Merrick Garland.
So... "He isnt letting us hand pick who is in the government, with no Democrat oversight."

About right?
i bet if you guys cancelled recess til you got them, you would have those appointments in a week
This seems like more partisan bickering and minutia. Why not strive for a bipartisan budget surplus and focus projecting that out w Twitter?
You mean like Merrick Garland?
U must be talking about Obama's supreme court's nominee! BOOM! Ur a HYPOCRITE like the rest of GOP & tRump ppl! 
Ron Johnson, hypocrite. Always and forever.
Let's make sure they are good nominees w/ out conflicts of interest. Also, no one wants to work for he boss @realDonaldTrump
Merrick. Garland.
You should have thought of that when Merrick Garland was nominated.
Like Garland?
Merrick Garland says 'Hi!'
What you really mean is that no GOP administration should be denied nominees. Because you were cool with fillibustering Obama's.
