Hey Senator,Do ur job and if the pres is compromising security, do something, as if it were Hillary
I like how the Sen is serious & sticking to issues while Wolf gossips, no substance. Pure tabloid tv
I like the part when Sen Johnson wanted to talk abt n Korea and wolf kept wanting to talk abt dinner
It's all gossip and tabloid with CNN. Smh, wolf did not want to talk issues, just WH gossip
So many   2 Russia; Trumpfamily, Kushnerfamily &more! SEE #DworkinReport #trumpleaks dossier's true
Trump's only nom 35 of the 693 he needs to nominate. Quit blaming Dems and do your job!
I cannot believe he would not admit that reviewing N Korea docs in front of public was a bad move.
Johnson gave no imminent threat or proof in support of the illegal terror ban. Just like wmd.
Trump is trying to remove focus on his Russia problem by sending US troops to Syria? Really?
should a Sen. unconcerned w/ breach of nat sec by anyone - including & esp Prez - be on Hmland Sec?
yet another set of ice cold blue eyes giving cold pat answers.
The only way to stop North Korea is to make their efforts futile so he learns his lesson.
ask him how he's going to hide from his constituents until 2022.
do not let him lie...ask him when we get to see the Russia Flynn transcripts
he didn't budge did he?
What is interesting is that he has a seperate phone line for reporters & I'll bet that one gets answered.
Please ask him why he continues to hide from his constituents. He DOES NOT answer his phone to voters.
homeland security.. " is not for the people " .
Russia hacked our election & GOP act like nothing happened. Hillary loses emails & its an apocalypse
Obahma CONSULTED with Congress - Trump consulted with Steve Bannon.........no comparison
When you have crooked and unqualified swamp rats it takes longer to vet. Try giving straight answers
The Repubs need to stop minimizing harm trump does. If Hillary they would be losing their minds
Again a Repub scared to buck 45. Pathetic. Flynn should be fired He LIED. Oh yeah, they all do!
They would buck 45 if he tried to raise taxes on top 1%. They just don't care.
we don't forget
Democrats,have you ever seen such poor sports.sore losers.
Trump Adm. said H. Clinton missed handling top secret info. Yet, he's at a restaurant doing worst!
he's reciting everything else and when it comes to 45 he's flabbergasted on EVERYTHING
What the HELL is wrong with these republicans!! Sen. JOHNSON Needs to CARE that our Pres. Is security risk!
Sen Johnson comes across as ttypical Rep stooge..he says diff in private/afraid of trump/unpatriotic
Johnson is trying to blow smoke up everyone's behinds. We're not falling for it.
I know that this is not the longest time it's taken 4 cabinet 2 b in place AND YOU DON'T?! 
We can't just blow off North Korea. We have to take the threat seriously & not let him succeed!
So, Senator Johnson, you're advocating war with North Korea?
he's stonewalling trying not to answer the questions
We have to stand up to North Korea & blow up those nuclear missiles if he tries to hit us or allies.
You know what I hate? Senators that tapdance & protect their own butts. Speak up @SenRonJohnson:serve the people!
Why don't you defect to North Korea?
Ron Johnson is a blowhard idiot pandering to his stupid president
Not going to second guess the President - shameful.
Feeling a bit uncomfortable? What exactly do you know? Nothing.
Be honest, you are just afraid of the President.
Korea is a blessing so they dont have to talk about Flynn.  Pivot so you hold no responsibility
Fact check. Sen. Johnson wrong on how long cab.nom hearings are going. Please don't spread non factual info!
Liar and hypocrite. Not trustworthy.
AVOIDED ALL ISSUES REGARDING FLYN.  GREAT WAY TO PIVOT.  WHAT A JOKE
Ron doesn't know if colluding with Putin is an issue? Weasel.
Ask him why he continues to allow 45 to put our security at risk w/ his unsecure phone & idiocy
U should ask him abt the talks at Mar a lago abt NK missile test in front of the entire dining rm
No Television writer could ever write a better fiction script than what CNN is broadcasting now days
CNN is not going to have bored people working for them for at least 4 years. You can't make this up!
Are you going to talk about the public intel meeting and the use of smartphone flashlights?
No bc he is afraid of Trump.
Don't let him lie Wolf
lie?  U mean CNN
