McConnell said: "I hate to blame everything on him...it would have been helpful had we had a discussion about this ... earlier than last wk"
Yep...which of your staffers told you to say that? lol. We all know you don't have a heart...or functioning brain. You are 
Oh, wow. Such a brave statement. But of course you support the racists who committed the crimes and have done NOTHING to protect Sikhs.
You have no thoughts!
don't buy it!
Did you really say McCain voted No on TrumpCare bcuz his brain tumor & early morning hours were affecting him? Have you lost ur damn mind? 
@benshapiro Any final thoughts?
Before you even try that usual crap, specifically any thoughts on this right wing brethren's opinion about sen McCain's vote

Sen. John McCain thanks supporters after cancer diagnosis: "Even those that want me to die don't want me to die right away, so that's good" 
Maybe finding out he had a brain tumor helped McCain realize healthcare is a matter of life and death. You owe him a huge apology.
Sick weak man. Shame on you
What kind of person insinuates that McCain had a loss of his faculties for the vote? He flew back to help your party proceed. You are low.
2/2 Ever consider that having cancer may have made him think about costs of treatment and insurance policies/coverage? McCain voted FOR us!
I'm an RN in Canada who has great respect for Sen McCain.He remains fully competent despite his cancer diagnosis.Your remarks were shameful.
I'm a progressive & I respect @SenJohnMcCain! Don't often agree with much; but he is & was a hero; for his service & VOTE! You're garbage!
Maybe YOU'RE the one who needs his head examined! There is no walking this one back! Can't wait to hear it in your opponent's attack ads!
Your innuendo about John McCain's vote reveals how ignorant you are. If you aren't educated on a subject, don't speak about it. #Apologize
Btw: the Muslim community was attacked 3 days ago by a terrorist white nationalist too! Just saying! #MuslimsRightsAreHumanRights
Disgusted by your comment about McCain's vote. How can you overlook 45's craziness but comment about McCain's state of health?! 1/2
I saw you walked back part of your disgusting comments on Sen. McCain, but it sure wasnt an apology.  Now your blaming it on him being tired
Aaargh. You're*
I've heard enough from you to last a lifetime. Delete your acct. And oh--apologize to @SenJohnMcCain. You're a creep
Ron , your remarks about McCain are undeniably the lowest I've heard in 45 years of political history
And considering the crap @realDonaldTrump has said, that's pretty damn impressive.
You are a sick, twisted man. May God remove your tongue, pierce your eyes, rip off your ears, and insert a soul.
Your callous & contemptible comments re. @SenJohnMcCain disgust all. I truly hope you lose your seat at the next election.
POS!
a complete failure at his job he keeps taking the people of Wisconsin for fools.
You owe @SenJohnMcCain and your constituents an apology !
Just read your statement on McCain's vote...you are truly a dishonorable weasel!     I hope some day YOU get to vote fm his perspective
That was a terrible thing you said about John McCain who has done more for this country then you could ever do....Karma
Your comments were unconscionable. Maybe @SenJohnMcCain has something you seem to be lacking.  You should apologize immediately.
Sad accusation blaming John McCain brain tumor on No vote. He actually cares for the healthcare of the American ppl. Not money in UR pocket.
Is McCain?  #gross
You can't apologize your way out of this one Senator. True colors. Sad.
Re: McCain. Congrats, you're low life POS of the year.
Nothing wrong with Sen McCain, but we sure question your mental stability.
Your comments about Senator McCain were really, really awful, dude. I mean, sub-Trump awful.
Why would you find it so hard to believe that you wouldn't have universal support for a TERRIBLE, HALF-ASSED bill?

A vile attack on John McCaine reveals your immaturity & vilanous disposition.  Proud Dem here but respect McCaine as a true hero!
You are no gentleman.
You're despicable
U say somex but Trump can't be bothered,  what a man.
you're not fit be involved in the government of this country.  Please resign.
You say McCain's brain cancer was his reason to vote no, eh? What medical excuse do YOU have for a Yes vote, nitwit?
Your comments about @SenJohnMcCain and his vote are Sick. Yes, maybe his condition made him think about those without gold plated insurance.
Hey, @SenRonJohnson

Do your job 

End #KoreanWar

#ChecktRUMP

Vote with @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC for 
#SelectCommittee
Who's idea was it to vote on health care, i mean removing health care, at 1 in the morning? Disgusting comments about McCain. I'm shocked...
Ignorant man.
Sen. McCain's vote showed he was much more clear headed and in a much more perfect frame of mind than your vote showed. You are disgusting.
Read your comments on McCain.  Classless.  Maybe he has values you don't understand.
From the   that comes out of your mouth maybe you have brain cancer?
Oh, my, aren't you a nasty little (little in morals and decency) man, to say that about Sen. McCain's vote on your sick "health care" bill.
Hey dickwad, nice comment on McCain's show of integrity on the Trumpcare vote. At least a few on your side have a clue.
Only an asshole would say a vote he didn't like must have been the result of a brain tumor. You're not fit to shine @SenJohnMcCain's boots.
Due to your comments on @SenJohnMcCain, the whole world knows what an embarrassment you are to WI and the country. Glad I didn't vote for u.
Appreciate the statement abt the Sikh community, but ur comment that McCain's cancer affected his healthcare vote was disgusting. apologize.
Another dumb remark regarding McCains tumor and bettercare vote
You're a low life individual. Bet you're a ChINO too (Christian In Name Only). I'm not a McCain supporter but what u said is outrageous.
#Sikh community. Yeh sabse bada chootia tie pahan ke hum sub ki gandh marne pe toola hua hai. Khatarnak and dokhebaz. Translation: Asshat
This #Madachod is the slimy moss that develops under the belly of a community like #Sikh community, and is the #ThinWhiteLine
To all the #Sikh community, this #BehanChod is the reason Indians in America will always be the scapegoats for misguided attacks after 9/11
So you don't like the way someone voted, so you blame it on their health? What's your excuse? You are the lowest of them all.
If you didn't vote for repeal you have a brain tumor, proving again that rock bottom has a basement.
Oh, and pretty sleazy comments about McCain. Do U people ever think before U speak? Can only imagine what your ilk says behind closed doors.
As member of Homeland security committee, why has there been no comment from the administration re: the terror attack in Minnesota? Sad.
Sen. Ron Johnson said Tuesday that Sen. John McCain's brain tumor affected the Arizona Republican's no vote on the Senate bill to repeal ACA
YOUR STATEMENT ON MCCAIN IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT I HAVE HAD A BRAIN INJURY SINCE 2009 AND EVERYDAY IS STILL A CHALLENGE HE NEEDS TO STEP DOWN
2018
.@SenJohnMcCain voted NO on #Trumpcare because it was the right thing to do. You should be ashamed of yourself, Ron. #Resist
Were you suggesting that @SenJohnMcCain 's brain tumor kept him from a yes vote on #trumpcare ? No, it was integrity and a conscience.
If i were u I might be watching the stupid stuff I say..cause u are all going down on the ship with frumpy...byebye
Did you really try to equate McCain's no vote on Healthcare to his brain tumor??? That's just low.
Can you believe it ? Sickening
@SenJohnMcCain clearly told us why he voted no. Did you listen to his speech? Horrible of you to even subtly disparage him.
You're a jackass for that McCain comment. What's wrong with you?
Your comments about John McCain are beyond offensive! WTF is wrong with you?!?! 
Ever thought that maybe McCain voted for what was best for his constituents? I cannot believe how smug this @GOP is. Big group of a$$holes
You weren't elected to rubber stamp everything Trump wants. Your constiuents come before your party & def before Trump. When's your term up?
Your comment says more about the state of your brain than it does about John McCain's.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself. I see perfectly healthy people like yourself making stupid a$$ decisions daily. What's your excuse?

If John McCain's brain tumor had an impact on his "no" vote, then Ron Johnson's "yes" vote must've been post-lobotomy...
Just b/c McCain actually LISTENED to his constituents, unlike you, & voted his conscience, unlike you, you blame his vote on his cancer???
Wow. Just heard about your disgraceful comment about blaming McCain's vote on his brain tumor & that it was late so maybe he was tired?????
Difficult to take you seriously after this comment on John McCain:
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson: John McCain's brain tumor might have been a factor in his no vote on health care http://cnn.it/2vOmF9Z  
Resign
Is that fake news about arresting people for badgering you about a town hall meeting, or are you just evil?

Republican Senator Ron Johnson (Wisconsin) Threatens Citizen With Arrest If They Continue Asking For A Town Hall  http://reverbpress.com/politics/republican-senator-threatens-citizen-arrest-continue-asking-town-hall/ …

Can you please host at least one in-person open-to-the-public town hall during this 3 week recess?
And please talk some sense into our thin skinned maniac-in-chief. Nuclear war is not a real estate deal or reality tv. Cooler heads needed.
This guy is an ACA supporter
PS When's your next town hall mtg?
If you are as unlucky as I am, he'll cold call you for a BS conference call, bark at you the entire time & not listen to anything you say.
Not in your prayers?
Congress sank to a 10% approval rating in a new Quinnipiac University poll
Tolerance of and kindness to all. Our public policy needs to do more to follow Sikh principles
Please demonstrate tolerance to minority communities. Don't side with racism and xenophobia which is pervasive in politics right now.
johnson is a DESPICABLE person

don't expect anything but HATE AND IGNORANCE from him
Save your disingenuous tweet. Your actions speak much louder than your phony words. Act like our senator for a change, lead by example.
He just put his foot in his mouth. That's for sure.  Terrible to say what he said about McCain.
You should say this more loudly around your more racist-leaning supporters.
And my heart goes out to all the family and friends of the "Bowling Green Massacre" @KellyannePolls
I'm glad you're making a statement,  but national politicians from Wisconsin could be doing more to discourage hate & ignorance.
