Ron & @SpeakerRyan your Silence on Russia concerning to Wisconsin! Let's get investigations to the public
.@SenRonJohnson All these replies seem to indicate you need to listen to your constituents, Senator. Hope to see you in Middleton next Wed.
Is Ron going to do a town hall meeting?
Citizens are hosting one, we hope he shows!
Am in Madison, would love to go. When/where will this be? Thanks!
Wednesday, 6 -8:30pm, Middleton Public Library.
Please vigorously pursue  leaks by Obama Admin's Intel Community! Stand w/POTUS against their Shadow Govt
Why is the taxpayer footing the bill for Donny's lux vacations at Mar-a-Lago? Why is there $ for this & not for healthcare?
Has anyone seen Ron Johnson? Any town hall meetings scheduled? Or is Ronny off to the golf links like Donny for the week?
did you already forget the cause of the crash?  Please be smarter than ALEC
Ron Johnson is a proud member of ALEC. We know where his priorities lie & they're not people.
voting for the destruction of our country is all you have did. You are disrespectful to your constituents.
please fix health care BEFORE U Investigate the Russians
Hey Wisconsin! Help us find our missing Senator. Let's post 1,000,000 of these around the state 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DY3TDD2qMTmODzlq40LkuMLo95O0oz5xGMKpVS0S27t4T9wqyeaBhrbTTIW2p0gShDrZaBVcRqSNiadT/view …
let's confirm some townhall meetings with you constituents your off this week I'm sure you could find time
two of your voicemail boxes are full and the Oshkosh number keeps ringing no answer or voicemail better get to those messages
Why do you refuse to attend town halls? What are you aftaid of? We have questions for you. Hear our voices.
Ronny off to the golf links for the Recess? What r we paying u for? Golfing with the FAKE POTUS at Mar-a-Lago? SHAME!
@RepMickMulvaney Wrong. Your focus should be to protect hard working Wisconsin residents, not corporations or a party.
Let's have Homeland Security Committees investigate Russian interference in our election.
country over party, Senator.
Let's say SOMETHING about the need to investigate Russian ties to the WH, huh? Country before party. Wisconsin is watching.
So many   2 Russia; Trump&family, Kushner& family & more! SEE #DworkinReport #trumpleaks #trumprussia dossier
Let's confirm that you're a gutless traitor for defending Trump instead of national security. Protect  or step aside.
Will you listen to your constituents? Will you call for stand up for natl security in the face of this dangerous admin?
Hey Wisconsin! Help us find our missing Senator. Let's post 1,000,000 of these around the state 

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DY3TDD2qMTmODzlq40LkuMLo95O0oz5xGMKpVS0S27t4T9wqyeaBhrbTTIW2p0gShDrZaBVcRqSNiadT/view …
there is a meeting set up for you by the citizens Saturday 3pm Bayview library in Milwaukee
let's investigate Trump and Russia!
I hear that you have President's Day off. It's not too late to plan a #TownHall. Pencil one in for Monday? We'll be there!
#DailyReminder: Your constituents are demanding a town hall. You pick the time and place. We will be there. #YouWorkForUs
aka consumer protections! C'mon, put your constituents/our environment  ahead of wall Street, lobbyists, big business.
, twitter says @RepMickMulvaney doesn't exist. Huh. So anyhoo...whatcha doin abt Russia, education, #ACA, #LastNightInSweden
Hmm.  Let's talk it over a town hall meeting.  I'm really looking forward to it.
right, just throw the environment, healthcare, education, labor and jobs to the dogs. You, 45, Ryan & McCon
please build the wall
No!  Americans do not want him.  Vote NO
I tried to call twice yesterday. Voicemail box was full. SHAME ON U for suppressing constituent comments.
Let's NOT confirm Mulvaney. Get UR phones working again Senator. U r not letting ur constituents call in.
When are you going to call for a special investigation against @realDonaldTrump #russia
No to any business until Trump/Russia has been fully investigated. Town hall is necessary for you to answer to the people.
No. Let's hold a town hall and answer your phones! You don't represent WI, you represent oil ind. who gave u $345K in 2016.
We want an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties. Show that you will put country ahead of party.
you mean get rid of those nasty ones that require ethics and transparency?
Let's confirm that you have no intention of holding a #TownHall because you refuse to be held accountable.
Confirm that the White House/Kremlin relationship is above board first please
You're an American first, a politician 2nd. Or are you? The danger is real. It's YOUR JOB to be our voice. #investigatetrump
To what effect to the environment?
those pesky rules that protect our land water air and human rights are so overrated let's get rid of them
let's NOT. Regulations are in place to protect consumers.  We don't need you guys selling us out to banks.
Where is your evidence of regulatory burden. Regulations protect us from bad actors in our society.
please point to any data proving there is a "regulatory burden" on the great majority of American people.
let's not
again with the "burden". What burden? Specific (and true) examples, please.
um Russia?
you're speaking up about this guy? Have u emptied your VM after u ignored constituents about DeVos? #puke
reduce regulatory burden by cutting defense spending and raising the national debt ceiling...?
@VernBuchanan @marcorubio @GOPLeader Do not vote for Mulvaney, his policies will harm the elderly and poor.
your silence on the Russia issue is suspect and as my senator I expect you to choose country over party
There is a very real chance the highest levels of the WH have been compromised. That should be your priority, sir.
I believe that there should be no more confirmation hearings while the administration is suspected of treason INVESTIGATE!
how about we start an investigation into #russiagate
