MSM more #fakenews edited footage of Trump @WH seeming to ignore a disabled child, however full clip shoes they lie again.
So-called :skinny repeal” will hurt millions. All experts say this. Are Republicans putting their pride before their country? You too?
Seems clear means test SS, and repel O-care!
@SenSchumer U lie again we saw U & Warren & others on video celebrating that less ppl have coverage 2day than B4 O'care & cost is 70% higher
@RepMoBrooks: "If I were Mitch McConnell, I would resign and let somebody else see if they can provide the kind of leadership necessary."

Courage? The GOP needs sugery to remove there noses from tRumps ars!
The ACA saved my friends life. would have saved my sister had it been implemented earlier. She died of cancer. savings wiped out.
Let it be known @SenJohnMcCain was the deciding vote to keep in tact the worst law of the last 100 years. Less freedom. More debt  Disgrace
Reps & dems for last 40 yrs in DC swamp is reason US has 20T in debt   &US shld never have invaded Iraq & shd have let Russia have Afgan.
@RepMarkMeadows: There was a gov’t trying  2 interfere w/election.It was the US gov’t under Obama admin trying to ensure HRC was next pres.
, Obamacare would work if you would work to improve it. But you won't. You have no courage
Do it now!
McCain lies as much as Obama.
Obama exempted you from Obamacare to get your support. RJ you're a Coward and a Liar.
Fully repealing the ACA was an old battle cry that was no longer the answer to the problem. I am disappointed that you voted for a bad bill.
It is obscene to vote for a bill hoping it won't become law.Have the courage to stand against the unraveling of our democracy
You said it yourself - you have no way of guaranteeing the skinny repeal won't be approved as is by house. Vote no
But if you funded it like is was designed to there would not be a problem. But you and your cronies defunded it. Your fault liar.
I hope we all survive long enough to vote all of you out in 2018.  Shame on you.
Obama aide made hundreds of unmasking requests; Catherine Herridge reports.
Trump can win the ObamaCare fight: End the friends and cronies exemption for Congress. @realDonaldTrump
Over 270+ bills waiting in Senate & 200+ appts not acted on,10X + than when Harry was in charge, Mitch/McCain/Collins need 2 go
Will you add captions to make this info available to Deaf and HOH constituents, please?
U would have half the country die for lack of medical care while U bask in UR Exec plan. VOTED TO REMOVE HC FROM 32 MILLION AMERICANS. SHAME
Don't repeal. FIX the ACA. Pre existing conditions must be covered! Healthcare is a right. Do the right thing- vote NO to repeal. Help us!
#voteNo this is not a bill to be rushed without bipartisanship... as far as I can tell, you have ignored any democratic input!

Senators say they don't want House members to pass skinny repeal. House members say they would totally pass skinny repeal.

Graham, Johnson, Cassidy & McCain want "assurance" skinny bill will go to conference. Here's why that's worthless. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/skinny-repeal-mark-meadows-senate-house … 
This is good but get rid of the mandates and penalties to stop forcing people to have insurance that does not work.
Sir, this is about people's lives not a political game.
I urge you not to inflict pain and harm on the American public vote NO
Mr. Johnson you are not taking care of Wisconsinites voting for Trump care is going to get you voted out of office at the first opportunity!
Let the people that were happy with the healthcare they had b4 OCare debacle go back to what they had.Everybody happy with OCare stay on it.
Please stop hurting your constituents.
How about just fix the ACA like WI citizens are begging you to do? Stand up for your state and put people over party! MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Excuse me, but the pain and harm is caused by those needing insurance not being able to afford it! Stop the BS!
Single payer
GOD YOU SUCK!!!!!!!!!!! You hold no town hall meetings so you're ignoring your constituents. THIS IS NOT WHAT WI TAXPAYERS WANT! U SUCK!!!!!
Protests should be held outside of ALL of the Senators offices who decided they weren't repealing when they had a president to sign the bill
Then you shouldn't exempt yourself from #trumpcare either.
Sure, but why open that debate?  You caved to your party!
Have you read and analyzed McConnell's plan?  Have you?  Is there really a plan?  That's what I thought.
DO YOU REALLY THINK THE POLITICIANS WOULD AGREE WITH NOT EXEMPTING THEMSELVES!! THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN!!! SO THEY HAVE NO REASON TO REPEAL!
It is a close minded view to repeal healthcare that works for millions, it can sustain a change but not to this degree
The open market can not fix these problems because profit and greed lead to the most in need not being able to afford coverage.
Let this dolt know you want HIS insurance here @botresist
I don't see that happening, but it would be nice.
However, most in Congress well off and could pay full market family plans, $15,000 plus per year. So what pain?
Introduce a bill removing exemption. A clean, concise bill that says "Congress shall not be exempt from ANY laws of the U.S."!
If Congress can't repeal Obamacare then Congress needs to give up their cushy health insurance and go on Obamacare with us peons.
I agree with you. My Oklahoma senator and congressman are getting a no vote from me in 2018. Voting independent or not at all. 1st time ever
You politicians should get the same health care as you give the American people, then you'd make sure we were covered well!
I hope the petition gets enough signatures to put that very thing up to a vote.
You can call Obamacare a failure but the fact is it's far better than anything you'd come up with. Don't take my healthcare away!
Okay I like you again.
That's a bullshit argument that intentionally goes nowhere. Wanna do something repeal the thing!
Yes congress does
Make them use the VA
start looking for a new job.
Courage- colleagues? You should not  use those two concepts in the same sentence.  Selling out the lower- middle class is not courageous
ACA works you have nothing but murder hate and lies
Nice of you to turn your back on the disabled. Shame!
Nice #grandstanding you are as big of a lair as this fool

Congress needs term limits because it's full of mediocre people easily hypnotized by money and power.
Sometimes 1st term members of congress hypnotized by money & power, get into politics for profit. Others serve selflessly for many years.
Term limits aren't a silver bullet. Might help a little. Even better would be transparency about COI & donors. Give @OfficeGovEthics teeth
Save Medicaid and ACA-stop terrorizing America @GOP is govt of Putin. Remove compromised Putin puppets NOW @houseGOP @senateGOP complicit
Yes, Congress should be on the same plan as it votes for for the rest of us. Obamacare was a lifesaver; your bill will be vastly harmful.

Any member of Congress who votes to take healthcare from a single American should not receive any healthcare funding from taxpayers.
You need to listen to people in your state jackass..you failed. We however will not fail..all Republicans will get it when they lose in 2018
Why do you value billionaires more than the citizens of Wisconsin?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
What about the pain & harm to the millions of people you're causing? Hey, your obligation is to the people not your colleagues. 2018-2020
Yeah, it's better than having u in a higher tier than the rest of us, but still cold comfort for those of us who lose our financial security
