Finally
Stop Stalling @fema Puerto Rico is needing food, water, fuel, medications NOW. There is NO excuse for this!
All of these things have been there and are still coming in ask the mayor of San Juan why she hasn't tried to distribute them
Or requested help if she could not. Instead she waited then went on National TV and politicized it she's the one holding supplies
Over 10,000 shipping creates she could have asked for a transport helicopter I'm sure they would have sent one
I understand the Puerto Rican longshoreman are requiring their pay before distribution. I recommend paying them.
What does that tell you about the corruption in government.I certainly would not give it to the mayor's to handout, 'cause Carmin corrupt'.
So sad fakestream media isn't reporting the facts of your good work
Dont forget san lorenzo, 00754
The "bottom line" Brock is people are dying in Puerto Rico & Trump's response has been horrible & you, just an apologist for Trump, it seems
Brock does not care he’s a trump puppet what a terrible govt employee
Trump supporter in Puerto Rico: "Our men go to war to help the US. Why can’t he help us in this kind of matter?”
Dude, health care is a privilege?  How about meeting your real constituents in a Town Hall to listen to our stories?
Thank you FEMA and EVERYONE helping to provide relief to the people of Puerto Rico
Please help toa baja levittown too..
Gracias a Dios y. Los amiricanos trallendo a yuda a este pueblo Gracias
Disgraceful way your #notmy45 has tweeted about disaster victims! #puertorico needs help NOW!  Do your job!
You’re 8 days late, putz.
PR take a page out of Trumps book, file bankruptcy.
Gracias a Dios y. Los amiricanos trallendo a yuda a este pueblo Gracias
You're doing a piss poor job, per the Mayor of San Juan. In case you didn't hear her mayday, they don't have electricity and internet access
Thank you for all you have done in wake of 3 Devastating Hurricanes We are Proud & Humbled by the Dedication & Hard work 2 Assist us ALL
Thank you!!!  Please do everything you can!
@Sal_Robins much needed supplies being sent
@CNN Truth
Thank you FEMA! Most of us can't help, so you are appreciated in times of severe crisis.
It's about time you puts history will remember the real truth!!! SHAME!!!
Much less than you sent for Harvey and Irma. Fl got faster relief. PR & USVI are US citizens too. Disgraceful
Lets us know who we can asist with genset and fuel
So what is the mayor of PUerto RICO  crying on CNN that they are dying
Have you guys went to Orocovis yet ?? Pls thanks 
@eugenegu more proof you are a LIAR. If medical treatment is needed for you, don't pay a visit to LYING GU.
Thank you for your service
Is there a list of distribution centers in Puerto Rico currently? any info please!
There's a gentleman name Jesse say his family needs help this minute,his grandmother out of her meds,
Thank-you for your much needed help
@fema so much for an emergency response plan! 9 days later? Are you kidding me?
Where were these pics taken? Where's the distribution plan? Press conferences? Reporting? Seriously, what's going in? We need to know!!
FINALLY.  Does it feel good that the mayor of San Juan has had to go all over the news and beg for help?  Is that what it took?
@SethDavisHoops you are #FakeNews
Yes! The power of help in time of need.
You aren't doing your job.  What happened to FEMA?   This is a disgrace.   You are not being truthful.  Guess it's the Trump effect.
And people are still dying
It has been 9 DAYS what is taKing so long? THESE are Americans who are dying. DO something more

Don't bother leftist lunatics with that; they know better...
It's about time
So are you calling the mayor of San Juan a liar that people are dying ? Oh let me guess it's retaliation against trump somehow
Sounds like Brownie is running things
Keep on pushing Fema. Trump cut your funding but I know you will find a way to help Puerto Rico come through this.
Mayor of San Juan needs immediate marching orders to get military medical teams, food and supplies off the dock and to the people.
I'm glad you finally got the go- ahead.  People died waiting.
Finally ! What about military planes
I hope that this type of activity is rapidly scaled to level necessary to save the lives of our fellow Americans.
Most incompetent response ever,because POTUS and cabinet apparently did not take advantage of week+advance warning to set up early response!
Food,medicine,fuel,generators and teams should be preemptively situated to follow storm safelyASAP.Our military has people&skills to manage!
This should be standard procedure for every season& major storm even by climate-denier "leaders" who prefer golf and NFL"crises"! No excuse!
And what happen to the @usvirginislands they are destroyed also and are US citizens.
That is what should have been ready day 1, not a week later. Apparently NFL "crisis" was priority! People will die if pace not accelerated!
GOD bless the victims and responders! 
God Bless them!!  Everyone!!!
Here an update for the trolls. The ones who can read tho ...
Really lame and really late.
Wasting time loading and unloading get the heavy lift transport military helicopter and cover the Island already!#Puerto Rico
Please donate to Operation Blessing's disaster relief fund. They are one of - if not THE MOST - trusted charities in America.
1-800-700-7000
This needs to be increased drastically
not
Finally you mean?
Show this to the complaining SJU mayor tell her you are taking over
Sr ustedes son grandes seres humanos Dios los bendiga y proteja
@RotorcraftMama #HelicopterTwitter
This is a huge catastrophe & the logistics must be coordinated to overcome an infrastructure that is destroyed. Unfortunately it takes time.
They must be lost.
It's about we used choppers for this. Why did it take so long?
A Welcome idea
9 days later!
They should have been dropping in supplies last week.






Give them food yes. But Let them fix their failed system
Generals tell different story hows muller
Took you what OVER A WEEK TO DO SOMETHING????

A****** better late than never

@potus Hurricane Maria made landfall on Puerto Rico on September 20th.  Today is September 29th.  NINE DAYS LATER and you're finally getting food & water to those AMERICAN citizens?!  This is UNACCEPTABLE!

God Bless the USA!!!
Very Good!  Also, Maddow & Whoopie Cronies #HaterHags are contributing & making trip to assist. Maddow said someone has to do it!
@POTUS the Mayor of San Juan says there's going to be a genocide. Whole administration serial liars; I believe her!!! Incompetent subhumans!
I'm hoping and praying for the best for all of you and your families. sending what little $ I can and know it's used where needed
You clowns have created a clusterfuck and people are dying. No excuse.
What machinery and manpower is being sent to clear the roads?
Don't forget though. It's an island. An island surrounded by water. Big water. Like an island. And lots of water. Salty water. Like a sea.
Wait but the liberal media and elites say nothing is being done.  We know the Fed Govt is doing a great job.  Keep it up and #MAGA
Your ignorance defies description.
I have been saying this for 7 days what took you so long.

I'm urging anyone to help me go to #PeurtoRicoRelief to go lend my hands please I can't keep seeing #Americans die for this!!! 
You mean we can use helicopters to an island in the middle of a big ocean? Big water? Maybe tell @realDonaldTrump

HI FLORIDA @SenBillNelson helicopters are helping hard to reach areas of Puerto Rico. DO you consider this the Calvary, or not good enough?
I call BS!
Outstanding! That's what is all about! 
im class b truck driver how can I help
Who ferried the photographers? Does everything have to be a photo op? Why not find some hungry, thirsty and sick people to further your op?
IT IS ABOUT TIME 

THANK YOU !!!!!!!!

Not troops' fault

Problem is at the tRUMP tOP
Excellent work!
Send more please.  
Why didn't the governor of PR have a plan in place to get aid from the airport/dock to the rest of the island.

This is a local failure.
AT LEASE YOU DOING A BETTER JOB THAN #POTUS #DONALDTRUMP
Yes #FEMA es bueno. #MAGA
Only 8 days too late.
Thank You for all the work
No thanks to Trump. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpCrimeFamily #KremlinKlan
I still know someone who hasn’t heard from his family. Your responses on television interviews are abhorrent
Why are you so defensive and arrogant, Brock?
Hearts and smiles full of appreciation frim@then es in need 
Thank you - please get them to the little towns where roads are blocked!
What about areas like Arecibo? Metro areas that are not hard to reach and there is no water being sold in stores
Give out @lifestraw
Why is the director on TV talking about "misinformation?"
I watched a reporter give a crying woman some cash last night.
#PuertoRico
Where r these donations being transported ? Luquillo needs you! My family needs you. My grandmother needs her meds/water/food! Please
FEMA Shelter in Luquillo. Can anyone near your grandmother get help for her? Does she need to be evacuated?
#PuertoRicoReliefNOW
You are NOT DOING ALL YOU CAN. !! ( Brownie )
@Fema can you pls note where photos originate as in #SanJuan, #Aguadilla & tagged in some way, so that we can see what the region looks like
http://DVIDSHUB.net  is a reliable source for military photos/videos. They have a lot of #HurricaneMaria with dates, location
Thank you @Taylorx2 , will do.
Suggestion-Next time there's a Hurricane that's going to hit Island-Use Military Cargo Planes & Evac Low Income Families & Put in Shelters
Not doing a great Job!! Not helping fast enough Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands!!!  Texas and Florida still need help!!! Sad!!
Keep up the Good work!!
You All are doing a Great Job!! 
What an attitude on @MSNBC. You're not doing yourself any favors. Defensive much?
Journalists you say, that's the problem? Waving that finger on live TV make you feel important?
People can't bathe, clean, brush their teeth, or wash clothes on bottle water. You need to get them hell off the island & back to mainland..
No the supplies are there
Don’t forget Maricao and Las Marias. They were hurt badly and are incomunicated. Access roads are washed away. No access to them
People can't bathe, clean, brush their teeth, or wash clothes on bottle water. You need to get them hell off the island & back to mainland.
Get supplies including diesel fuel to #Vieques.
No leadership, no skills, just a country boy like "Brownie"
And obviously if FEMA is getting supplies to the people its nothing more than a drop in the bucket - a token gesture.
Go ahead and discourage them, why don't you...
