SAD PART IS WE HAve to pay for THIER Health Care in Prison! Bannons boy not gonna like Prison! Maybe Putin will take Him in?
@Vicky4Trump America needs more coal Ash in our rivers and streams THANKS TRAITOR DON IMPEACH TRAITORS TRUMP&PENCE#PURGE GOP IN 2018
A lot of butt hurt people on here. Lol
Pleasing investors again, sad
Just make sure that the so called job creation, does not come at the cost of destroying the Environment, the quality of air or water supply.
Your old and apparently don't care that you're destroying our earth for future generations. SHAMEFUL!
America was better with Obama in the White House. Stop golfing!
Amen!!!
God bless you President Trump!!!!   
when Obama was elected I was told to learn Chinese as he was giving the US away. Looks like we will really  need to learn Russian 
BUT DID YOU READ THEM? SORRY..DID SOMEONE READ IT TO YOU? SORRY, DID SOMEONE READ YOU LITTLE BITE SIZE BITS?
Exactly
Regulations that protect our health...environment...and our children...this is shameful Mr Pres
@TheTrumpLady Thank you Mr.President!
slow down! Your impeachment is approaching!
I so hope this is true!!?
you are the number one jobs killer. Just watch how many jobs this nation loses under your presidency
Hey guys. LOOK! I can unsign bills Obama passed, even if I don't get to sign any of my own.
haters can hate all they want but Trump will continue to press forward w/ his agenda  of which he clearly has a mandate
He has a mandate in the upside down.
a mandate that will be implemented sucka!
Only to be changed back in 2018.
we'll see about that sucka!
wow, the only comeback is sucka, you can borrow my dictionary.
Funny how reducing "job killing regulations" is actually a job killer 4 those in that industry
please do not sign anything. We know you didn't read it. You said you don't read. So you're just signing America away. SAD!
Gee, thanks for allowing the US to start looking like China and Japan. We will all be wearing those cute little paper medical masks.
WOOT!  Another 35 jobs coming our way?? It's. Too. Much. Winning! 
Look everybody ~ the great cheeto is going to save us all!

#DIAF
post the bills so we can see what is happening.
You probably went to the loo too.  We don't care.  Yahoo!
and how many jobs will be lost as a result of eliminating the regulations
wow king of signing flop bills
no that would be failbama. Liberals -anti jobs. Glad u lost!
A smaller and smaller government each day... excellent!
making America great by moving us back 50 years. Not smart.
Deuteronomy 31:8
And the Lord, He is the One who goes before you. He will be with you, He will not leave you nor forsake you; [1/2]
Isn't this about God ? You think Trump is God ? Really?

#LickAWitch
YOU need a restraining order from your Twitter let alone the White House. #Idiot #illegitimatePresident
thank God we get to keep ACA...I'm sure we will have to use it from all the pollution these deregulations cause! #WaterIsLife
we need clean air and water, you're a monster
My water and air is clean, maybe you should talk to your local representatives first to solve your LOCAL issues.
air doesn't stay local. Get a clue.
Of course it does not, however contaminants disperse into smaller amounts thought the whole atmosphere.
Are you arguing that it is okay to pollute because pollution eventually "disperses" away?

Caused the mess un Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan.   HE'S caused the REFUGEE Problem. He is the reason. ISIS was formed.
This is BAD!  You are ruining our country and selling it to the highest bidder!
History will judge you as the petulant child King who rolled back regulations designed to preserve the planet for future generations.
you do realize that everything doesn't think the way you do, therefore history won't remember him the way you think it should
Regulation rollbacks....yummy water
I'm sorry I didn't know Flint was caused under Trump...
@FaithFlaherty3 you need to kill some of the bullregulations in the trucking industry they are killing us 
we need Americans and jobs we don't need to bring over refugees to take American jobs
Your grand children and great grand children will have to live in this. They're going to be so ashamed of you and your legacy. Shame!
You don't even know what you're signing or what the impact will be. You are destroying America, Drumpf.
job killing rules. People killing policies.
Thank you Trump!!!
he's a winner and what a role model
I did a great job with replacing an repealing Ocare. Everything is going according to plan. Don't believe what #fakenewsmedia is telling you
freak
 @POTUS Thank you for putting America First Mr. President ! Don't sweat the haters , The globalists , and the Domestic enemies ie Liberals.
America 1st? RUSSIAN steel used 4 pipeline! Unqualified imbeciles run Dept of Ed, Housing, Energy. He's screwing us BIGLY
Just like you?
ur giving us all a death sentence!
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
obviously you're more concerned about low wage jobs than public and environmental health.
Make sure u eliminate all those silly rules that protect our water and air!!
Has anyone told you today what a real POS you are?  If not, this is your sign. 45 is WORST PRESIDENT EVER.
Please sign your resignation letter please, if not for me do it for my kids future please I beg of you
are you bothering to read them first?
no matter what: stick to the Constitution!
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
To All The People Who Are Asking Me "Why Do You Hate Trump?"

This Is The Reason
#InaugurationDay

We Hate Trump Like You Hated OBAMA.
However We Hate Trump Because He Is Racist, You Hated Obama…
Thats the stupidest thing I've heard I'm not racist and I didn't like Obama I'm half just like him he set out to split the US and almost did
excellent! Good job, President Trump. The more liberals cry, the better our country will be!
Cry me a river of denial
No its not a river
Liberal label makers
After their finished with you
The will spit you out
*Regulation that prevents your 1% homies from making even more money at the expense of workers, consumers, & the environment.
Homies? Wow a big word for you? The Urban Dictionary is not quite proper English.
Have you heard Trump speak? He doesn't have a BIGLY grasp of English. Women that vote for Trump should be ashamed 
45 can't spell either.
@POTUS POTUS WINTER WHITE HOUSE? Bulls**t! You live & work @ 1600 Pennsylvania Ave! Keep your a** in DC! Stop charging us for ur vacations!
God bless you,  Mr President ! Stay safe & strong !
Mr. President I'm a 40 yr tradesmen 60 years old but no one hire us. Could you help us?
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Bad.
You cancelling out regulations that would have given Americans a healthier environment. Jobs can be made without killing our environment
can you tell me what those regulations were that were cut and what their long term effects are?
Exactly
And in doing so trump has endangered American citizens, American workers, and American children, cyanide/arsenic dumped into drinking water
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!!  @POTUS @erichmcelroy
Pathetic Don the Con is riding A Real Potus winning streak THANK U OBAMA IMPEACH TRAITORS TRUMP&PENCE
thanks for killing clean air and water so the rich can get richer. Assclown.
Get rid of the 10-99 Obama tax rules.
if you see an old treaty by Johnson DONT SIGN it's selling Alaska back to Russia! Being we got 7.2 mil in gold you'd sell it for 1mil
it would be nice if you could click on something to read about this?  Wth
how daring of you
you go Trump! Love ya
swamp is Russian
NO NO NO thank you.
how about one that gets you off twitter, stop traveling from the White House?
Stop signing things! Ur illegitimate! Ur admin is in bed with Russia. U'll all be gone soon! #ImpeachTrump
instead of referencing jobkilling,how about rolling these policiesback endanger all of us and our planet! Liar in chief! #Trumprussia
@WhiteHouse 
You should let your bosses, the American public, read all bills you intend to sign b4 u sign them. Most of them r horrid. So r u.
These regulations are illogical and impossible to implement. Where can U buy E85? CA+NV. We can't grow enough corn, pollutes more!!!!
#saveyourplanet #loveyourmother earth.
so as long as you kill people, and the planet, you'll be happy?
ok. Now train miners in solar energy so they can really become employable because you know coal is out. New equipment for gas is in.
and kills the earth sooner than the 83 years we supposedly have left
subject verb agreement is off there buddy
Man up, we know you are just doing what you are told to do without weighing the ramifications and consequences.
Thanks for all your hard work !
@TangoChange
you go Mr. President! Keep moving forward! Jobs jobs jobs!!!
Making America Great Again does not mean killing half the population by loosening environmental and employment regulations!
God bless you Mr. President for keeping ur promises
way to take care of the environment!

Thank God I can finally get back into that mine and die!
once again not caring about the world we live in except as it pertains directly to you.
Enter the paid professional tweeters on the democrat party payroll.
hey?
hey
@les_izmoore . Thank you!!!
Bring on the pollution and graft. You're a con.
I support you and agree with most of your plans to make America great again. Please protect our wildlife. Thank you.

EXCELLENT NEWS!
clean water and air is not bipartisan. Disgusting. Lies. No jobs.
All you sign will be appealed once you and your staff are charged w/ collusion and conspiracy against the United States, forty-FILTH
oh the regulations that help curb pollution of our planet? Certainly jobs are more important than clean air for us and our children.
President Trump thank you for all you are doing for the USA..WE LOVE YOU
You really want to help American workers sign H-1B reform like you promised. STEM grads and workers livelihood is being destroyed
if there is huge profit in the any corporate business new Jobs will be available.
make clean energy jobs. coal kills, and you know better.
American-killing president #ImpeachTrump
we need those regulations
Go forward Mr. President Donald Trump, we are behind you, and if we must stand in front of you, Sir. Ciao . . . Sal
u r awful uptight about anything Obama signed. Comes off as a racist there Donnie!
you had nothing to do with this
STOP DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY,  EVERY THING YOU DO WILL BE REVERSED  #IMPEACH45
Idiot...
@WhiteHouse your a monster. An enemy of the people. Your a friend only to your wealthy , and Corporate colleagues .
the best/saddest part is that @POTUS is run by staff.
Oy. Even worse.
.  Retire.  Quit.  GO.  Away
plez POST the website so AMERICA can review the 'CRA' thank you sir.. still your biggest fan
ok, so where is the money you were going to give to the treasury for payments to your hotels?

We the real Americans stand with President Trump.
Since when is coal mining romantic? Black lung, unsafe jobs. Bad for the environment. Just stop. Your budget is insane. #shameful
Stop "Russian" to make all these changes. No, really. Stop.
PLEASE STOP THE LEGISLATION FOR KILLING BEAR AND WOLVES IN THEIR DEN IN AK- WIN THE HEARTS OF ANIMAL ENVIROMENTALIST-ITS RIGHT!
Keep up the good & promised work for the people to MAGA.Thank you, dear POTUS.
Good job Mr.President! Leave no trace of Obama & his statist regulations & laws. Patriotic citizens are counting on you & Republicans
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @KellyannePolls hmmmm remember your pledge to #repealandreplace.  You are s dedicated lad aren't you
How are you this stupid?
You are so bad for America.
Thanks for stopping the Chemtrails. That was most of the pollutants that was going into our air and water. It was keeping rain away.
why do anything to protect the planet. You want to use it and toss it aside like one of your wives
DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT
#MAGA by defunding #EPA, #Education, #MealsonWheels #PBS importing #RussianSteel while I golf at 3 mil x 12 at tax payers expense.
Thanks, soon we'd be be good for nothing. Living in fear. Like a man trying to make sure his heart beats repeatedly.
ABSOLUTELY WRONG, regulations PROTECT people. You only care about freedom to make $ at any cost. This will hurt America. Sick.
how about signing your resignation letter?
Donny made it easier for Social Security recipients with a mental impairment to buy guns. Hooray for Donny! #DonnyHatesRules
did you actually read them? Were there big words? @IvankaTrump approve, #bigly ? Who Did you screw over today? #resist
stop ! You have grandchildren! Think before you sign!
if there weren't so many Obstructionist in Congress he could do for the people what he was put there for.
cracking one of the most dangerous methods for oil. USGS proves it causes earth quakes. Look at Oklahoma.
just keep doing what you can when you can, they will fight you at every turn, get coal back up and running would be nice for Kentucky

We are so happy for all the updates reaffirming you can write your name
If any of those "bills" allow the killing of animals in hibernation- It's on.
RUINING AMERICA!
Great, more dirty water.
@HouseGOP ...and with complete disregard for what's in our country, and the world's, best interest!!!
god bless you mr president America first
how will you make America great again for workers whose employers require excessive/overtime hrs without regulatory accountability?
@WhiteHouse your only signing stuff OBAMA did to spite him. You can't even read what your signing.
we love you Mr TRUMP and support this bill
@RepMcKinley Plz show how this will improve jobs and save lives.  Coal companies will use automation and creat very few jobs for WV.
You will eventually answer  for destroying  this country...If anyone can actually read at that point....
go ahead Mr @POTUS ,, best wishes
If you need help #MAGA I'm ready. 35+ years starting, growing businesses. Helped start fastest growing retail chain in US history
and kills the environment, then all life on Earth. Tosser.
really really bad idea
Cutting back on medical regulations too, so the Russian oligarchs get a better deal on American healthcare?
You mean the ones that grant CEOs bigger paychecks, and the ability for corporations to kill our environment? Those rules?
and so you. Cry
like the one elimination coal regulations and making our air and water polluted again? You're morally bankrupt.
@HouseGOP ...and with complete disregard for the best interest of the country and planet!!
Convince congress to approve infrastructure spending. This will create millions of new opportunities for greater quality of US life
When you going to sign order turning over USA to RUSSIA , that is all you know how to do is sign executive orders,never getting thing DONE
