The American people pay for your excellent Health Care. We the people should drop your Health coverage today. Jerk!
@SenRonJohnson Having a hard time connecting with @SenatorBaldwin on healthcare solutions? If you visited WI you might cross paths
Simple answer. Copy the plan you get now for everyone. Cut some of the military budget.
McCain is one of the few Republican to have a set. And can lead. 4 republicans went to the microphone and admit Trump care is a fraud #shame
@GOP GOP: get your membership together. Obamacare is ruining healthcare for 313 mil Americans. Get that albatross repealed & move on 2 taxes
so fix it!  You whiney repubs have been complaining about it for years. Now the time comes and you didn't already have a plan in mind?
CORRECTION... You can't do it because this administration and the GOP are both messes!!! #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT
7 percent of the healthcare market is a mess because of Republican sloganeering instead of governing. Universal access fixes it all.
You are a frighinbsgmhit Moran sir
U WILL move on. until you get a sensible, bipartisan plan with input from all, you're just wasting time and money #GOP has dug its own hole
@SenRonJohnson The filibuster is one of our longest-standing institutions. Your proposal to destroy it is unamerican and cowardly
You're right. He's advocated for it elsewhere though, referring to the "post-atomic" congress
Obamacare is not a mess you and Trump are making it a mess with your wicked inhumane conscience America is great because it is humane
Instead of doubling down on your lies, why not try and solve a problem for the American people you donor-owned incompetent uncaring fool?
NO, we want y'all to MOVE ON! Fix the ACA if you want to do something useful to citizens.
We can't move forward because people are still voting for republicans
Solving #ACA woes as easy as 1) allow fed #BigPharma bargaining 2) reduce #Medicare age to 0 3) End FICA $110000 limit to cover.
Bandaid approach would be to allow @MedicareGov to offer prorated plans on exchanges that will save it money through #prevention #cboscore
I am disgusted by Congress, repeal it, then replace it, what is wrong with you, we need an EO to stop payments, @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
Whatever Congress is a mess the Rep Party is a mess and their elected Prez is a freakin joke !
No, that actually is Fake News. The GOP can't get anything done with healthcare because their aim is to really not give out any.
Not compared to pathetically and perpetually unprepared GOP.
Obamacare is a mess you guys are a mess and a proven one at that!!! Watch a gonna DO???
@SenRonJohnson We have the majority to get it done so get it done. It should not be difficult. Have a plan.
Put McCain on obamacare and see if it's  a mess
Wow the entire house and Senate for that matter.
The ACA saves American lives.  Fix it!
but they can't quantify or specify what the CEO's are making off with / or a number of issues that SHOULD be fixed not 'repealed'
Then fix it dear Liza.
Waisted time trying to repeal.
Why is this so? B/c @GOP+Blue Dog Dems insisted on removing "Fed exchange options" run in each State to foster competition: @SenWarren
You can't just give up and blame it on the Democrats. You need to pick it apart and try to fix it. That's what you are there for!
You cowered in the 11th hour
So tell me @SenRonJohnson, as a constituent, how are you going to FIX it?
Dood Ron is a #paytoplay GOP Mess
Not one dime to help the non elite.
you've had 7 LONG YEARS to work on it, but all you know is how to complaing and obstruct - WHY did you vote yes on the 'skinny bill'???
@SenRonJohnson It's a shame you wasted six months on partisan, terrible bills that make healthcare worse. Why not help Americans?
You mean you WON'T move on it because you are a loser and a hypocrite.
GOP has made effort to fix Obamacare, only to destroy it. Obamacare is a market solution so why do the Republicans automatically reject it?
Ha ha. After 7 years @senronjohnson is finally talking about gathering information before acting on health care.
GOP can't move on healthcare because they screwed up ObamaCare instead of trying to fix it.
@GOP is a mess !!  What don't you understand about the people's message a mere 16 % approve...aw right you work for Koch @SenRonJohnson
Bullshit! The Senate is a mess!
Let it be.
It wasn't a mess until the gop started sabotaging it. What company is going to invest in a system where the rules change on a whim. U own it
So work together with Democrats to fix it. Is everyone in Washington a simpleton and an idiot?
YES
@SenRonJohnson you can't move on healthcare because you do not have an acceptable replacement.
If Obamacare is such a mess then @GOP should focus on fixing it, not destroying it.
It's pretty tough since the GOP own the house, senate and presidency, who knew it could be so hard.
The ACA (NOT ObamaCare Twit) needs tweaking, Not to have GOP screw USA over. Reach across the isle & work with The Dems NOT AGAINST THEM
Translation: "We can't move on from healthcare (or anything else for that matter...) because the GOP flat out cannot govern...".
No the GOP can't move on from the ACA because @RonJohnsonWI and his colleagues are racist.
It is a mess because it was conceived in order to destroy the insurance model. It is a mess and performing exactly as intended.
...because the Republican Party is a mess.
You want to take healthcare from as many people as you can Senator. The measure failed. People need healthcare. Wrong man for Wisconsin
ACA isn't perfect, but it was SOMETHING. It's not even close 2 da mess GOP is making out of our whole country! Fix THAT!
Give it a rest Dude.  Fix it!
@SenRonJohnson WI here, Ron. Obamacare needs work not repeal. But you don't really want to do any work. You do not represent WI only self.
Tuesday morning GOP talking point "Obamacare must go"
No @SenRonJohnson the @SenateGOP is a mess. Start working with @DSenFloor to make it better. #CountryOverParty
But it's not. It's thriving. You just hate the thought of it because it belongs to @POTUS44
Your a mess
Not Obamacare...Congress and this Administration are sabotaging the program and can't come up with anything better!
This just in from an ACA worker, ObamaCare works just fine. Needs a few fixes/tweaks, so fix it. Stop lying about it, use ur time 2 fix ACA!
What exactly is an ACA worker? ACA is legislation not a health plan!
Translation:
We can't move on till we rob the poor of all benefits to pay for tax benefits to the uber rich. It will make Stock Mkt happy.
It's actually not a mess, that's just a lie. @gop is a mess and can't shoot straight.
@SenRonJohnson Fix Ocare. I don't burn my house down when the furnace goes out or the roof has a leak.
Oh hey @SenRonJohnson! Forgot you even existed since you haven't done a damn thing since you took office. Probably better that way, tbh.
BIG Pharmaceuticals own our government WE have no representation
"I can't clean up the dog poop in the yard because it's underneath my own giant turd from a few minutes ago."
Only one way to "fix" healthcare insurance: #SinglePayer #SinglePayerNow We are out of step with the whole rest of the developed world.
Come up with a plan and we'll talk
Then fix it. It is morally reprehensible and financially irresponsible to repeal the AHCA. Fix it.
Don't you mean the GOP is a mess?
Hypocrites!!!!  Be loyal to our constituents. 
STOP trying to kill the Affordable Care Act.
Work together with the democrats at fixing it.

@SenRonJohnson stop focusing on the word "obamacare" we get it? appease the base? where is the lowering premiums plan? R&R enough rhetoric
It's a mess because YOU WANT IT TO FAIL. #sabotage
@SenRonJohnson u r absolutely incorrect. The ACA (the real name) is a mess because U n UR colleagues along with tRump have made it that way
Here's a idea, uh...what about cleaning up the mess first
It is a Heritage Foundation law that can be tweaked. Cf bipartisan group working on it in the House
The Democrates should help the GOP fix Obama care, obviously after 7 years, they still can't get it together!
@Senronjohnson it is now time to work with Democrats to do what more than 85% of Americans want: fix problems with ACA & move on.
.@SenRonJohnson misspells "my party"
Still drinking the koolaid !  Sad for us.
So fix it! Don't destroy it and then create more laws.
Do your job!
So, why don't you work to improve it instead of trying to destroy it?
Friggin Fix It!
@SenRonJohnson should then lead by engaging democratic colleagues in the finding a solution & stop 45 & @GOP from undermining the ACA.
Obama is the master of disaster and the dems created this horrible mess
So, what if you idiots fixed it? It might actually require some work instead of whispering behind closed doors.
And while Washington eats itself over  Russian spies and health care debates,Beijing takes control of the South China Sea.
Maybe they should fix it.
Trump care.     Give us your plan you've been sitting on for 7 years
lol  without Obama they have nobody else to blame for their inferiority!
May be just may be you all dun want twitch n improve cos you know it might work!
And by a mess he means it was passed by a black guy.
Of course that's what's it all about show America your true color
I recognize that poster boy for Snidley WhiplashBrand mustache wax! It was he that broke O'care
then FIX IT!!!
@SenRonJohnson What purpose does it serve to continue to bash what you oppose when you have NO PLAN to fix it?
Can't move b/c your healthcare bill was nothing but a big tax cuts bill for the rich. GOP needs ACA repeal for tax reform!
Then WORK TO FIX IT!!!  There are LOTS of things that could be done to improve it!!!!  Stop talking....start fixing!  Ridiculous!
Hahahah yall been saying that for what 7/8 yrs now and havent come up with away to fix it !!
Actually senator, it's the GOP that is a mess.
You can't move on cuz you lost. Now fix it.
