This needed to happen decades ago
*psst* ACA passed less than 10 years ago
*psst* health insurance was never allowed to be sold across state lines before
*psst* doing so has never been prohibited. Obamacare allows it. Some states have tried. It's always been a massive failure.
Not on the individual market, only on employer provided group market
Nope. The individual market. GA, ME, @ WY. Not one insurer expressed interest. And for good reason.
You don't care!

Trump's new policy will increase premiums by 20%, cost the government $194 billion, increase the deficit, destabilize insurance markets, and increase the number of uninsured Americans. There is nothing it makes better; it's pure policy nihilism. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/10/13/16467910/trump-obamacare-politics-aca …

I have worked as an underwriter, provider contractor & actuarial in the healthcare insurance industry for 30 years. Trump's EO is a LIE! /1
Remember when @GOP was opposed to this type of EO on principal? 

I remember.
“It is a spiteful act of vast, pointless sabotage leveled at working families and the middle class in every corner of America,”
Flat Out Disgusting!!!


But as with Obama's  EOs and EAs I am not sure if this is legal.
We know they can be easily overturned. Apparently this is the only recourse left.
Trump may have done better by just letting the PPACA die of natural, economic causes...
I read an article last night. Insurance CEO said ACA made them miney this year. Premiums weren't going to rise. Sounds positive to me.
Which Company??
Lol knew you'd ask. I'm trying to find the article now.  I read a good thirty a night, so I'm trying to retrace my steps.
Alrighty I found it.  It was from Andy Slavitt's Twitter feed, not an article.  Read through all 10 tweets.
CEO 1 said they made "a lot" of money on ACA this year. Would have been 0% in rates, but increased them for CSRs. 2/
As of today, Oct. 16, we call it #Trumpcare!!!

@SenRonJohnson, your statement misses the reality of  how the insurance system actually works. EO will increase premiums, decrease care
Increase by 20% and 25% down the road!
Gents spit out the Kool aid. As a primary care doc, have the courage to do what's right for patients. Stop bending to the highest bidder.
You must be heartless too!

Ron.  Do you know a family doctor or general practice internist that has cared for patients for a career, that agrees with Trump's Exec Ord?
It Is now called TrumpCare supported by the GOP.

This is nothing more than a revenge presidency. Trump will take away anyone's rights, privileges, or resources if it damages Obama's legacy.
Trump had “apparently decided to punish the American people for his inability to improve our health care system.”
If it is broken, why would you need extra sabotage?  You might be a bigger moron than The Donald.
I’m your constituent.  I know what you did here, and I won’t forget it.  Thank goodness this is your last term.
Unfortunately, we have 5 more frickin years of narcissist Johnson!
I thought you'd enjoy this cartoon.
Gutting the ACA subsidies proves @realDonaldTrump has NO idea the damage he is doing to HIS most vulnerable citizens. #Unfit #Unpresidential 

LIAR. You and the GOP are too incompetent to fix anything. So all you do is break things. You are children.
and Ron Johnson!
From now on, anyone who pays more for health coverage or loses it due to preexisting condition can ONLY blame @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpcare.

Pro-Trump states most affected by his health care decision   https://apnews.com/cd3fb39ebc2d47a8a3c636283eeae4fc …
Premiums will now start to skyrocket after trump's EO!
GOP in the House and Senate now own the health-care system!

"Their destructive actions and the actions of the president are on their backs!

You support out pricing healthcare except for the wealthy. Healthcare as you have stated is a privilege!


New Poll >> By 71% to 21%, Americans overwhelming want the Trump Admin to fix Obamacare instead of making it fail. 
https://www.kff.org/health-reform/poll-finding/kaiser-health-tracking-poll-october-2017-open-enrollment-and-the-aca-marketplaces/?utm_campaign=KFF-2017-October-Tracking-Poll-ACA&utm_content=61711031&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … 

Bannon tells 'Values Voters Summit' Trump pulled CSR payments to 'blow up' Obamacare exchanges, make prices skyrocket. 
@POTUS sabotages health insurance market--jacking up premiums, allowing scam plans, taking http://healthcare.gov  down--and you thank him??
What solutions are you proposing other than pinching seniors and the poor to fund healthcare while giving tax breaks to the wealthy?
How does taking subsidies away from the poor help lower costs? Also, I thought EOs were bad, or is that only when a black guy makes them?
My family affected by #autism needs the #ACA. We also need subsidies to be able to afford our insurance. #middleclassfamilyWI
Just make sure you vote to repeal at any opportunity. Get the feds out of the health care business.

Today's executive order will increase deficit and raise EVERYONE'S insurance premiums. Stop the madness. Sabotaging the ACA hurts Wisconsin.
Is this the health care u and your families r going to sign up 4?Not good enough for u;not good enough 4 US
Terrible move.  Not what the people of WI/America want.  We proved that by calling you and emailing over and over.  You represent us!
.. It's only failing because of you and the rest of your evil pals.  Trump is a lunatic!
You haven’t got one clue about health care policy. I would be happy to tell you how to fix it.  So would a lot of other people who actually understand health policy. Destabilizing the insurance market is not the way.  Universal coverage would do the trick nicely.
How can you so blatantly spread falsehood? "More accessible and affordable" is plainly not the case
People are going to die @realDonaldTrump and @SenRonJohnson. Their blood will be on your hands. No amount of lies will wash it away.
Cutting health care subsidies will mean more uninsured in our state. You promised more access, affordable coverage. This does opposite.
Meanwhile millions of lower income will no longer be able to afford it so none for them. But hey, just as long as our rich trumptards r ok
Republican death panels are the greatest threat this country has seen in recent times.  Keep the US flag at half mast to honor the dead.
I really feel sorry for you. Hate, vengeance, and intolerance fill your heart. And you don't even know it. #thoushaltnotkill
"Forgotten"... I'm a constituent and on Obamacare and don't feel like I've been forgotten. Knock it off with the Trumpism jargon.
Executive orders doesn't mean you passed legislation. Following lead of #POTUS44 that helped Americans healthcare. You failed #impeach45
More fake info to the American people.  #resistance #flipthevote2018 #impeach
Junk insurance and medical bankruptcies are back in style.
Really?? #Trumpcare is a disaster for America.  It is making the ACA more expensive for those who need it most.
This will raise everyone premiums and out of pocket for everyone, not just those on ACA plans.
Yeah while reducing coverage for millions with unregulated junk plans you half wit
Your job is to represent your constituents. Make ACA better, tearing it apart does not help 223,000 that need our assistance.
It sucks that you’re happy that I will no longer be able to afford health insurance...
It wasn't broken, Trump is breaking it by gutting it without a vote. Difference.
There are many, many of us with pre-existing conditions.  You have actively worked to see that we are left behind. #Forgotten #Ivote #RA
You are a traitor to your country, this is purposefully hurting people, especially the poor.  Shame on you.
Liar
This so called Senator has one thing on his mind, his Teaparty stance to all that is good!
when are you going to get a backbone and stand up for Americans.  The poor and sick will be hurt by this.  YOU  KNOW IT
You're applauding making health care coverage less affordable? A bold stance, I'll give you that.
“Rubber Stamp Ron,” at it again! DT’s Exec Order has no teeth. More Show and Tell. So, when you going to stand up for the real of WI.
Let's see, CHIP-expires, Perkins Loans-expires, 3% tax cut for you, this is the #GOP
I really hate to say this, but you should have to go through a major illness. I really wish you were facing catastrophic care cost. Empathy!
Mr. Potter should replace the elephant as the GOP symbol, maybe Mr. Burns/Simpsons or Mr. Pewterschmidt/Family Guy for the younger crowd.
The “rugged individualist” myth results in a few billionaires accumulating wealth & power controlling the US's political system & economy.
or your just one of those trouble making "lib-er-al" loud mouth lazy
foolish nobodies who don't know anything about capitalism & money.
Yes, you are supposed to be quiet & accept whatever the GOP jams down your
throat like a good little passive insignificant worshiper of the
GOPs over the top flag waving covers: "winner take all" mindset justifies
& rationalizes insatiable greed, moral flexibility for top 10%.
How are Ivy League Skull/Bones good old money families going to create markets/dynasties in an exponentially expanding poverty ridden USA?
Happy for this exec order. Gives me hope my premium may return to nearer what it was before ACA.
Why did the regional monopolies pull out of Obama Care? It seems that a
short-term loss may result in long-term profits with the GOP plan.
Congressional healthcare needs to be dissolved & choose a plan that isoffered under the Affordable Healthcare: public service & leadership.
All Americans should have the same health care program as Congress: Senate & House of Representatives, but we know that will never happen.
The GOP PACs must be angry about free & open competition, capitalism, at the state level for health insurance, monopolies are the answer.
Corporations that are a person/citizen & the 1% (up to 10%) are our elected representative’s puppeteer & control potential health care.
The largest obstacle was/is the GOP politics not implementing/funding Health Care is corporate & 1% (up to 10%) tax cuts are on the way!
Obama "Mitt Romney" Care = competition at the state level, promote & get the established companies back into the markets = Solved!
it's better than what existed and what GOP is proposing.....how about that!
Once again you are working against Wisconsinites.  Why not work to reign in medical and pharma costs which are the real issues.
Sorry this is bogus why not find middle ground by problem-solving together like we teach in PreK.
Medicare for all or shut up.
Sabotage. It preys on people who don't understand they are being sold junk plans that won't pay when they need it to!
Well Ron when you do all you can to kill it its going to die good luck, all the blood & deaths are going to be on you.
This is an assault on your constituents.  This will lead to nothing but higher cost and less coverage. But what should we expect from you
#DOWNWITHTHEGOP! All of you fucktards need to be removed from your position. You are so fucking out of touch with everyone but the KOCH BROS
This is bullshit it's only hurting Americans because of Drumpf. If you GOP fuckers would work with DEMs to fix it we wouldn't have problems.
Well you clearly just mean go along Dems and not work with them, because you know, the ACA wasn’t exactly bipartisan...
To fix it and make it functional for all Americans can be bi-partisan. Everyone knows the ACA needs fixing this and this is an opportunity
you are a traitor to the elderly, children, disabled and vets of Wisconsin..both of you should #resign immediately
The "low cost" plans you are so proud of cover NOTHING; eventually the suckers that buy them will realize it, just like their vote for Trump
You know this will drive up prices for all! The Koch brothers win again!
That's what he wants.  He works for them, not us.
You guys broke it by not stabilizing subsidies and playing games with people's lives.
Terrible 4  all Americans. It segments ins  risk pools & will drive up premiums 4 all.Those healthy folks who may benefit now will pay later
.@GOP will suffer by this move.U all think ur so good bcz u have majority  BUT u still can't get support & had 2 do EO.  #2018elections
ACS disagrees with you fools.
You're both baldfaced liars and traitors
It's bullshit. Cry baby politics. He couldn't get a bill passed the correct way. So he wrote his own. That the people and the govt don't wnt
The sheer magnitude of my hatred for u & your party is something that shocks me. But the magnitude of your hatred for us is shocking, too.
By skyrocketing prices do you mean the whole $30 my FAMILY policy went up?  #saveACA
You are part of the liar and deceiver club and you have no credibility.  Republicans in congress are a bunch of sick white men
Are you in Puerto Rico now. You said you were going to check the situation yourself.
I respectfully disagree Sir.
We will remove you from office.   We will not forget.
The ACA was intentionally sabotaged by Trump & @GOP. Every expert in Health Care and HC insurance says this will not work. #YouOwnItNow
AMEN
You are a terrible senator.
LYING SACKS OF $HIT.
Takes some nerve to associate yourself with this nuclear wang-size contest participant.  You’re party to the damage he does.
You did nothing to help it.  I remember your lies about the ACA. (My daughter would have died)   You only care for the rich and we know it.
This is despicable. Truly.    GOP = dark side.
Cheap  "healthcare plans" you cant get sick or you will be bankrupt. It paid $ 1200.00 per year in hospitalization. Crooks and liars
First you supported one horrendous repeal after another and now this. You've done nothing to be proud of here!

End  your enslavement to nra and return every cent of nra blood money
Don't forget to vote these pricks out of office!!!
You do not know what you are talking about! This ploy allows an inferior product into the market at a lower price, but undercuts quality!...
In the process it counteracts the positive concept of insurance, shared risk. If the healthy go to the cheap product, the less healthy pay..
..higher premiums, especially for pre-existing disease, often unaffordable! All of us get older, eventually sick or injured (some young) ...
..&end up paying more, not spread over diverse group & time.As a neurosurgeon, I cared for many chronically I'll. New drugs are very costly!
This will take affordable care from those who need it most. Of course, you are immune as rich politician! Most are not!
I am ashamed to be represented by you.
Agreed
"short-term, limited duration plans"?   Do you not understand how insurance works?
You & this admin are purposely trying to sabotage ACA simply to erase something good Obama did. Try to be a leader instead of a destroyer.
This will only serve to harm people looking for health care. We need #MedicareForAll, Senator!
Broken because red states did not allow for the expansion. Blame it on yourselves. This is fixable if you want to. GOP plan sucks

Hampton City Schools investigates a post ft. a deaf black student in a headlock with racial slurs. #StopHate http://www.13newsnow.com/news/local/mycity/hampton/racist-image-featuring-kecoughtan-high-school-students-investigated/482589926 …
Obamacare is broken because you and this administration have refused to fix it. It's as simple as that! You, Trump, and the GOP are greedy &
uncaring. My insur prem is going up by a factor of 4 bc this admin refused to shore up Obamacare & the insurance industry. From what I have
read about Trump's latest health care proposal ppl that R sick and have pre-existing conditions will be paying hefty premiums. That's not ok
We need to vote out representatives like you that are self-serving & do nothing 4 the country & your constituents.
This is worse and you know it!

#You'reOnTheWrongSideOfHistory
Where do U get your information, people?  The ACA (Obamacare for those of you that don’t know they’re one & the same) is NOT broken!  You have been brainwashed. Look for the GOOD in it. It has SAVED people in our family.Do u think if u say it enough times, it becomes true?  No!
To be fair, while ACA is not broken, it does have a number of areas that fall short. Should have been #SinglePayer
Nothing’s Perfect.... but leave it alone. When I hear there is NO PLAN to replace:  it means there is NO PLAN. That scares us!
No argument from me there.
Either you don't understand what this executive order will do or you are lying. I'm guessing it's the latter.
Great for all the people who aren't sick yet. For those w audacity to get ill - tough luck if you can't afford coverage. Despicable.
We have seen enough of Trump to realize he doesn't ever do things to benefit us.  He does things that benefit HIM. You stand with him.
Let see when some child dies or can not get care.
This evil demented sabotage of Obamacare will not stand. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Enjoy your last term.
His last term should've been this putz's last term. Then he rode to victory on a Russian wave of support
Unfortunately you are hurting people in your home state! Very bad move!
Dear Senator; Not only are you a liar, but you are weak-kneed piece of shit who is willing to sell this country down the toilet just so you can get your despicable, destructive agenda passed. It's 2017, not 1955.
Funny, I don't see you refusing Obamacare and purchasing your own insurance with your own money.
No. You don't get to break affordable health care for millions of Americans & then swoop in to fix what you broke. That's not how it works.
If you want to work for us, #FixACA or switch to #SinglePayer , we'll be with you, but you're intentionally hurting Americans now. Get out.
Did DT write you a check like DeVos and the NRA did??
People don't need more choices,they need more care, the best they can get. Ins co's won't compete unless they can choose customers.
goddammit Ronald. you could not possibly put more bullshit into one statement than if you wrapped a cow in an ex-lax blanket and stuck the whole thing on twitter
You stick with that anchor Ron. You and your entire party are going down with him. Buh-bye!

"The GOP congress is broken and hurting hard-working Americans every day"

Fixed it for you.
Crap insurance for more money. When you need the coverage, it won't be there. Then you can start running up your cards & sell your valuables
You've simply turned your back on us.  We did not want this. The majority of Americans want the ACA.
There's nothing in your statement that's true.

Why is that?

No essentl hlth benes / pre-existng cond cvg is bad.
I'm from WI.  Johnson caters to big $$ outfits, doesn't care about constituents.  We are going to vote him out along with Ryan & Trump.
Thanks to your sabotage.
