I benefit from the ACA. What damage are you speaking about?
how about stop taking money as bribes from the DeVos family and start doing what's right to protect our country.
and how exactly do you propose to "repair" the damage.  Some semblance of a "plan" would be a big first step. #lipservice
Congratulations, you put more coal waste into streams and rivers, poisoning thousands. You should be very proud of yourselves
the GOP is spineless! You must be scared of Trump. You're willing to get in bed with @realDonaldTrump knowing he's corrupt!
202-224-5323 @SenRonJohnson sir, it's time. #NoMoreExcuses. #VotersMandate #FullREPEAL I don't care how hard it is. #JustDoIt #DoItNOW!!
Not on my dime, you don't: Business trip to Uruguay cost taxpayers $97,830 in hotel bills http://wapo.st/2l6gJAP?tid=ss_tw …
NO TO BANNON ON NSC
OMG! Too bad Obama regulated the banks! They were so great for America when they crashed the economy. AMIRIGHT, Ronny? LOL
Deregulation is a BAN on consumer protections.  Stop lying to the electorate.
easy for you to say ur HC will remain intact. BTW did you get my message & emails? So many calls u turned off messages #weak
Protect my family's health: Fix ACA, don't repeal! Protect our public schools:  Vote NO on DeVos!
Big interest fraud.
Bet here is a few of YOUR lobbyist friends have You in their Pocket- You will never say no to ???????????????????Money
We are sick of the excuses. You have NONE!! We've given you the House, Senate, and Presidency 
#NoMoreExcuses -> #FullREPEAL
What damage are you alluding to?
You GOP asses are all about profits over people. You should have to suffer along with the people you condemn to illness.
you will be replaced
.@SenRonJohnson My daughter survived a hospital acquired infection as a premie and uses a wheelchair.  The Affordable Care Act protects her.
.@SenRonJohnson Why don't you want to protect a girl in a wheelchair????
Gee thanks for giving us coal water to drink.  Have you forgotten Y u became a Sen, 2 help ppl or was it to line ur pockets?
u can provide jobs for people & still protect environment its all on a scale. Drama queen
What damage is that insuring 20 million Americans who couldn't get insurance before the ACA law took effect
vote no on DeVos!
Ron I think you better start repairing the damage Trump and Bannon are doing why is Bannon on the NSC????? A Leninist !!!
Obamacare ensured free preventative care for me and my family. Why do you want to take that away?
No, you didn't.  You did give us dirtier water to drink, dirtier air to breath, and less money for taxpayers (gas royalties).
.@SenRonJohnson-I'm from 54022 and would like to express my disapproval of Bannon's nomination to the NSC. #NoBannonOnNSC #NotAPaidProtestor
water is life!
.@SenRonJohnson the phone line will no longer accept messages. I want to express my disapproval of Bannon's nomination. #NY #USA resident
Jennifer serious question what is it that Bannon wrote or said cause you to think this way? He did compete with MSM correct
How about first preventing Executive overreach NOW? Reign 45 in please.
As for "regulatory damage' -- can we talk about making coal communities drink slag?  Who pays for their clean water and air?
Trump doing more damage daily, plus milllions of taxpayer $ to keep family in NY.
NEED TO FIX ACA, NOT REPEAL; WHAT ABOUT COST CONTAINMENT??? SINGLE PAYOR. VOTE NO ON SESSIONS, DEVOS, PRICE, AND PRUITT.
STOP
Senator, I wish you would get a Pair.  Republicans like you promised REPEAL, not repair. No more excuses. REPEAL OBAMACARE!
The plan is to Replace ACA. Typical GOP Senator..No guts to do the job people voted you to do. Don't use excuses
wadr Senator the repair rhetoric is getting loud. Please don't screw us. Repeal & Replace!  You have all 3 now! GET'R DONE!!!
We dont want it repaired,we want 2 purchase healthcare, own it & manage it w/o govt or lose your seat
Please don't include Steven Bannon on the Security Council.  He is not qualified for this position. #IL #USA resident
YOU LOST YER NUTS SEN! GITTIN SQUIRRELY ON ACA? CANT DO IT W/2 HSES+PRES+SC? PARLIAMENTARIAN? YER CADDY TELLYA NO ACA TOO?
parliamentarian? Lamest Repub excuse ever. #repeal it
repair? Really? Not what u were reelected to do. #repealit
TO OVERTURN OBAMA'S POLICIES, no matter what the idgits here are saying! Stop copping out
You're not a very popular senator. I'd watch my seat if I were you & remember that we, the ppl put gave U repubs the majority
You republicans need to learn from this election that we the voters give power and we can take it away w/the flick of a pen!
Why are you allowing the "Parliamentarian" to usurp the power the repubs now have? Dont be lame or U wont be re-elected!
Why did U tell CNN that 60 votes R needed to repeal? It was passed without 60 votes, repeal it without 60 votes! THIS IS BS!
if you don't repeal Obamacare, this will be your last session as senator- listen to the people.
you don't have enough per to repeal #Obamacare? You have the house, senate, and Presidency. What else u need? Get it done
pwr *
"Repair damage" by destroying streams? #pacsdontvote
no sir, not repair. Repeal! What is this repair business?
Focus on helping America not harming it. Hold businesses accountable to preserving environment over profit #cantdrinkoil
Really? I think the American voters want you protecting our environment, not stripping regulations that benefit your donors.
WHO PAYS FOR THOSE PHONES & EVERYTHING ELSE?!   TAXPAYERS!!!TURN THEM BACK ON!
SEND AN EMAIL! THE CALLS, EMAILS & TWITTERS ARE TIC MARKS ON A SHEET AND MEAN NOTHING. WRITE A $40K CHECK
do you mean the ones that are keeping us safe?
As you consider reg overeach Remember we can't drink water contaminated with oil. PACs may fund your campaing but PEOPLE VOTE
neat, so how about some commitment to rule of law and remove Steve Bannon?
when can we stop REPUBLICAN Overreach? You are destroying OUR country.
dangerous for whom? oh right, corporations are people now.
wonderful, we can either die at hands of mentally ill person with a gun or by drinking polluted water. Good to have choices!
the Stream Protection Rule only harmed those who harmed the environment. As a WI voter I'm not happy with your representation
Recuse yourself from Betsy DeVos vote: http://wisconsingazette.com/2017/02/02/devos-family-gave-1-million-to-senators-wholl-vote-on-her-confirmation/ … You took her money & have no business voting for her.
regulations r necessary when the ruling class is clearly corrupt+greedy. who ru really working 4, Wisconsin or UR OWN POCKETS
.@SenRonJohnson  your phone still busy. Get Bannon out of the WH. Do not confirm DeVoss. Listen to the people, we are not going away.
if Wisconsin would have expanded Medicaid by excepting federal funding Obamacare would work
you're a mess. Don't damage Obamacare.
... how about taking a look at the damage Trump is doing and putting a stop to that?
I adamantly oppose Steve Bannon's role in the National Security Council. His very presence is the White House is a mockery.
Please stop Bannon from being appointed to the National Security Council. He is unfit.
u use twitter as a platform but fail to answer to constituents. why would you vote for this? common sense. protect water...
you are no longer excepting messages? What does that tell you?  You need to start listening to the people.
pay to play. The lobbyists have total control over you. Try thinking about people and not your bank account. Disgusting
you all are doing a fine job at destroying your party. The next election should be a eye opener.
the only damage done during the Obama administration came from you and your party. Does that mean your all resigning?
and what was that over reach? And what was the damage?
Please listen to this.  I pray you are not apart of this agenda.   VOTE NO
Great, as an investor in energy, if it comes down to making a dime, or giving some poor kid cancer, I want that dime!
need to repair what Donald has done
.@SenRonJohnson could we possibly try to put a stop to current trump/bannon trainwreck? So tired of you putting politics over people.
Ironic that you used the word damage when talking about repealing a law preventing damage to streams. #StreamProtectionRule
Botched operation in Yemen but this is what you decide to focus on. When will you stop blaming Obama & start working for us?
oppose Bannon having a seat on the NSC, or having the ear of the President. He's a danger to this country.
they're not regulations. They're protections. Protecting us citizens. We see where your priorities are.
Remove Steve Bannon from his position on NSC done illegally without Senate approval or consent. 50 of U.S. Code, Section 3021
you are on the wrong side of history and the wrong side of peace.
Why don't you represent your people?
My heart is heavy when I think of the repairs we will have to make after you're out of office.
Posion our rivers.  Go ahead.  We can't wait to tell all the fisherman and children that play in that water that Ron did it.
how about all your POTUS over reaching EOs?
How about you repair the damage you are doing by not representing your constituents' interests?
Yeah!  Who wants clean air or water?  All that matters is businesses making $$$ and donating to campaigns.  You are a hero!
vote No on DeVos
#SteveBannon needs to be approved by the Senate.It would be tragic if #DHS turns into an ethnonationalist militia.
but I don't want you to
shame on you!  Name-calling while you allow Neo-Nazi Bannon run this country!
this disgusts me that you would insult someone the whole world respected - unlike the current "leader"
Obama is 100x the man/boy Trump is!  Are you a tTiny Trump too?
start with repairing the damage Trump is starting!!
you need to check your facts sir. It's your job to save America from the tyranny of a presidency.
starting with allowing coal companies dump waste into rivers? #thanksfornothing
How about watching Trump's executive overreach??

#OpposeDeVos #Unfit #PayToPlay https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/02/02/11-revealing-answers-devos-gave-to-democratic-senators-questions-about-vouchers-common-core-and-more/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.c49e1f2e99cf …
right cause it's overreach to protect our water.  Get with it Ron...don't be a patsy do the right thing.
And who will pay for the aftermath of the deregulation?
You Are The Problem!
Bring us back to the #greatrecession–Bring us back to the brink of #financialruin–Bring us back 2 toxic assets & all the rest
Such as allowing mentally ill people to have guns. Are you working for the people or the lobbyists? #53572
Received 100K+ from gun rights groups
We aren't paying u big bucks to party in DC on our dime. Get those phones working again.
BTW, did u finally get those phones back on the hook? Nobody was answering for at least 2 days.Trying to ignore constituents
party line ron , have you done the research or are you just following behind
when is a live townhall taking place?  Or, are you running scared until the next election?
can you also begin the process of the admins damage to legal residents and vetted immigrants.  Our worldwide rep is waning.
How about have a staffer check your voicemail?  Been trying to leave msgs. @SenatorBaldwin has staffer answering the phone
See? A woman, again, that cares about all of us.
great so companies can pollute the water more easily. We need tougher environmental policies, not to revert backwards
you are completely out of touch, truly amazing. Do you read your emails, letters or tweets?
Respectfully disagree. 

If industry must raise prices so we pay for externalities now, will be cheaper in the long run.
Thanks for nothing. You should be ashamed.  I'm ashamed you are my senator.
so when will the #ecig #vape regulations be killed?Smoking is still #1 cause of preventable illness. Let's start preventing!
#paytoplay much? http://wisconsingazette.com/2017/02/02/devos-family-gave-1-million-to-senators-wholl-vote-on-her-confirmation/ …
what damage? You keep saying that but provide no evidence. Please provide data to back your claim.
you are the damage! To undo the right thing is political suicide; choose wisely.
Support Wisconsin's long & proud tradition of quality public education for every student. #OpposeDeVos #Unfit
why would this benefit Wi when it may sacrifice natural resources that make Wi beautiful.
right cuz it's such an overreach to protect the people you're supposed to be serving
you mean keeping water clean and keeping mentally ill people that *need help cashing their SS checks* from owning a gun?
you mean the ones that protect the environment, consumers, and human rights? you're a loser
Maybe u haven't realized Trump's phone calls to our friends around the world have poised off most of them!
Yeah, that's cute Senator. How about instead you stand up to the *current* president to keep him from attacking Australia.
by making it easier for mentally ill people to own guns?  #incompetent #resist #stopthetyranny
What about the environment? We don't need to pollute our environment for a healthy economy.
#givemeabreak
Regulatory overreach? You must be referring to the record setting number of EOs @POTUS is forcing through these days, right?
wow these posters are so rude and disrespectful.. must have never learned to disagree without deplorable comments
Wisconsin families will suffer be ause you are doing Trmp's bidding. Coward.
Whatever repairs you wish, make sure to base them on benefiting THE PEOPLE, not the entities created by SOME OF THEM,
Polluted water and allowing mentally ill people the right to arm themselves will do wonders for this nation. Thank you.
#MakeAmericaOrangeAgain
So what you're saying is, we should stockpile gas masks, filter packs, & bottled water? We know how you won.  #gerrymandering
SOMEBODY'S TRIGGERED! LOOK YOU NEED TO REALIZE THAT YOU LOST & WE WON AND THROWING FITS ONLY MAKE YOU "THE OTHER"
.@SenRonJohnson The damage #DeVos fam contributions has done to the integrity of our democracy needs to be repaired. #recuseyourself
FUCK CLEAN WATER RIGHT? http://time.com/4657438/congressional-republicans-environmental-regulations-coal-streams/?xid=time_socialflow_facebook …
idiot
go fuck yourself
ahahahahahahaha! yes, THAT'S what will rip the throat out of our crippled democracy
Damn straight! Coal miners have had clean drinking water for far too long!
Wow! The only good constituent is a dead constituent! Regulations keep people alive. You have failed your country.
By easing background checks for the mentally ill who try to purchase guns? America feels less safe to me.
#americaWorse
maybe you should work on preventing the damage Trump is causing. But you've been pretty quiet on his policies thus far.
Dumping all regulation and raping the planet is not repairing anything.
Johnson you are one sick http://person.YOU  really need Obamacare to try and heal the sickness in your soul.
hooray for the democratic process! Lawmakers coming together from one party, exploiting the system to avoid confrontation.
because corporations have consciences? Because they do the right thing? Ask a SoCal girl about smog days...yeah-they suck.
or by exploiting old laws?
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/827247748793630723 … Trump has only been in office 8 days and already he is killing Americans! #VoteNoConfidence
Trump approved raid in Yemen without sufficient intelligence: military officials http://hill.cm/So9RkXO  
by voting on new laws?
BY POISONING THE PEOPLE.  BY GRANTING THE REAL TAXPAYER'S MONEY TO BILLIONAIRES.  YOU WILL HAVE REVOLUTION.
You will cause death to people who can't pay for health insurance.
OH BS! Get a grip snowflake
