missed you at town hall.
You're almost as cowardly as @GovWalker when it comes to facing constituents.At least you did it in the past. He never has!
TELEPHONE town hall? JUST FOR THAT ALONE he deserves to be turned out of office.
hold town halls in person & open to the public. #DoYourJob #CeaseAndDesistThis
Will you save on postage and just hand out cease & desist letters to your constituents at any town halls you hold? Cowardly!
Telephone townhall?  Afraid to look people in the eye?
.@SenRonJohnson Hold a real town hall. Thurs at 11 is a work day for many Wisconsinites.
You can run for re-election, but you can’t hide from the American people. The longer you wait, the louder it will get.
Why dont you show up in person?
pls just hold a town hall. Stop hiding from us.
@GovWalker Too chicken shit to face his constituents. What a guy!
Thursday at 11am I will be working, as will most of your constituents. But I guess that's the point.
War on press is first amendment issue, yes?@SenRonJohnson
when is the next one? Please make after 3 at minimum. Some of us actually work. I get fired if I don't do my job #clapbackGOP
have sent cease and desist letters to all your constituents you'd rather not have participate in your tele-town hall?
Will you again be screening questions and not allowing follow up questions?
Coward!  All Senators afraid of backlash of constituents.  Vote out in 2018! Budget coming soon! So sad u vote 4 bad peeps
Telephone town hall is cowardly. Face us your constituents and answer what you will do to thoroughly investigate Trump/Russia
Will POTUS release tax returns?@SenRonJohnson
You're such a delicate little flower, Ron. Why not hold a real town hall?
Senator, hold a real town hall where constituents are face to face w/you to express their concerns!
still waiting to hear a response!  I'm livid because you refuse to accommodate my needs as a Deaf person!
When will you meet with Madtown area voters?@SenRonJohnson
Why is Bannon on NSC? @SenRonJohnson
I'll be calling your office at (202) 224-5323 to register my displeasure with the time and method of this "meeting" for WI.
I'll be calling your office at (414) 276-7282 to register my displeasure with the time and method of this "meeting" for WI.
When will you do a real town hall or other meeting out in public? Why misdescribe a conference call as a "Town Hall"? @SenRonJohnson
3 months ago I wrote asking how you'll make sure my dad doesn't lose his healthcare. I hope to hear you address our concerns.
the definition of phoning it in
What help for Jews whose cemetaries are vandalized?@SenRonJohnson
profiles in courage starring ROJO.
Meaning the questions will be screened? Nice. Why not just do a press release and save us all the b.s.
How about an actual town hall with voters or having a staffer actually answer the phones at your office?
afraid to face the people who got you re-elected, huh? You should be.
you can show up to dinners and fundraisers but not town halls?  Coward.
show up to your town halls!  You can lose your job as easily as you got it.
Are your phones working again? Couldn't get thru when I was trying to call before votes on cabinet picks!
that's not a townhall! What are you afraid of? Face your constituents #coward #TownHall
So you can prescreen your questions, avoid anger and signs, avoid eye contact, avoid boos to your evasive answers. Sad!!! 
Nice
How staying in Washington and getting this country a cabinet sometime in the next decade?
Please tell me you see the irony of a Tea Partier being afraid to do a real town hall.
another? He canceled his last scheduled phone #townhall
Here's my ?: When will you put country ahead of party and call for an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia?

Telephone Town Hall Thurs 3/2 11 am-a weekday before noon, you choose callers. This is accessible? jkng #Indivisible #MoveOn
*another* one? Why didn't you announce the first one? no mention in your twitter feed.  why not an in-person townhall?
11am? Most people are at work.  And phone is not what we are asking for.  Pathetic.
Tekephone town hall is bullshit.  You only want to have exchanges where you have control or suck up to donors.
a telephone town hall?! Really? I guess our WI Sen is scared of his constituents.
Lame!
perhaps hold it after business hours so more people can "attend."
Shame on you. People were respectful, articulate, and thoughtful. You could even be bothered to tell us why you weren't there
these are NOT substitutions! No flw up, mid-day, no body language/non-verbal communication, no idea how many agree/disagree
we want you to show up in person, what are you afraid of? #coward
hilarious. Wonder who will be on the phone?
This is where we're going under Trump: news outlets vilified, Repub pols hiding out, WH seemingly in bed with Russia. Geez
please hold a real town hall not a telephone call.
put on your big boy pants and face us like the man you claim to be!!
Chicken!
how about an in person town hall, I never thought my Senator would be a coward.
ROBOT TWEET
Hey Ron we actually have day jobs. Why don't you show up to one of the many in-person town halls your constituents organized
It's not a "Town Hall" when you ask people to call in and listen to a recording of pre-screened questions. #accountability
Why the telephone? Why not attend one of the town halls your constituents have invited you to?
Telephone is poor substitute for an open meeting w your constituents. GOP failing to face the public at a time of gov crisis

Sissy hiding behind a phone line. Come meet your constituents.
Give me a break. How can you responsibly represent people you're too afraid to meet in person?
Well it won't be you...BOT.
you are paid and receive premium healthcare and you cannot face the people of your state who pay for your benefits and job
ROBOT TWEET
COWARD!
You need to meet your constituents in person. The calls are screened and the time is during work hours.
When are you coming to wisconsin?
Agoraphobia is a valid mental health issue luckily currently covered under ACA. Will you protect others afflicted? #TownHall
Coward! Face your constituents!!!
A Telephone town Hall during work hours is for cowards.  Face your constituents!
you do realize people work, correct?
Since you're an active dem, I am sure you know Badwin's number.
you should also have live meetings.  Your constituents are requesting this!
not acceptable alternative. Show up and face your constituents #coward
are you too afraid to meet your constituents face to face?  Phone “town halls” aren’t what we are asking for.
The people you represent want you to hold an in-person townhall.
you missed all the townhalls you were invited to. You flunk at being a responsible congressperson. Shame on you.
When will you stand up & defend the Constitution, Ron? Where is the line drawn? We deserve an answer not a pre-recorded call.
what time was the 'meeting' yesterday? I signed up and didn't get a call. Ignoring WI01 will get you nowhere.
Give respect to constituents and hold many in person town hall meetings.
Please hold an in-person town hall.
face the public, that put you in your seat. You have questions to answer, out in the open. Wisconsin deserves better
telephone? Why not in person?
why don't you have a town hall where you are physically present?
Too many liberal goons only there to act up and disrupt.  Pointless waste of time.
you mean constituents? He represents everyone & not just those that agree with him.
why don't you come in person?  Too scared?
You're too scared to meet in person? You don't belong in the Senate. Quit. @GabbyGiffords @SpeakerRyan @RoguePOTUSStaff
Waste of time.  Too many nuts at those things.
Always look at fine print:this isn't u listening to constituents; this is gathering telephone # to send prerecorded messages.
if you can't face your constituency- you shouldn't be in Congress.
You shouldn't be tweeting a Wisconsin Senator when you live in Virginia.
I hope you are discussing #righttotry
not hiding out like Paul Ryan
How would you know.  You live in San Francisco?  Don't you have enough problems there?
