LIAR
@SenRonJohnson Who are these "forgotten people" demanding higher premiums, loss of coverage, and fewer protections?
Is this one of your #ForgottenPeople?
Ron Johnson - you're not fighting for anyone- ACA works if you participate- prob is some are too lazy to sign up-then complain -STUPID
Fight for forgotten is a crock of crap no one wants your no healthcare really bill. Breast cancer preexisting will be charged $174,000 a yr
U are either terribly self-serving http://ORSTUPID.How  would u idiots WOULD have reacted if DemsHAD tried this no CBO score ramrod plan?
You sure aren't fighting for me! Just how are you helping us get good, affordable coverage? It's not by giving it to the states!
Fixing ACA means open hearing, CBO scored,unveiled plan to protect health 4all
By screwing over the forgotten that Obama care helped, right? The hardworking people who were below the poverty level & couldn't get care
This exactly. Why not make healthcare better for everybody? For all citizens. It's time.
How many morons do they have in Wisconsin? He's not concerned with helping anyone!!
All care about one another. So should you. You are pitting states against ea other. Dangerous
414,000 in WI will lose coverage. Thousands more will opt out due to limits preexist surcharges & 20% premium increase. How do u sleep??
Millions will die. Our parents, neighbors & fiends rely on these benefits. Two parties but all Americans. We
LIAR!!!
Your are the guy that blatantly disregards fact & consistently lies in order to pass this garbage bill!! Shameful
When you cram a bill through without CBO or information to public you are in serious danger of being investigate for fraud
BULLSHIT!! YOUR FIGHTING FOR FUNDS FOR THE RICH!!
Thats a lie. Your GrahamCassidyBill will TAKE insurance away from your poor constituents and the most vulnerable among us.#NOTYOURKIND
Ocare is killing health care for everyone--new bill needs to pass to give states control.  Read the bill--its better than Ocare by a lot.
another weasel from the state of wisconsin
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY! Stop trying to KILL people.
Disgusting! GOP senate is destroying our health insurance because they hate our former president.
Liar
You're actually just a blustery asshole, dude.
What a joke! Ronnie is they guy who refuses to hold a #TownHall and face the constituents who he intends to kill with #DeathCate.
You're the guy trying to take health insurance away from millions of people. Health care IS a right, not a privilege .
Laughable.  You are the guy trying to appease fellow millionaires. Retire and continue working on your tan.  #CongressCanDoBetter

Your appearance was disgraceful on @Morning_Joe this am. You are a liar and terrible Senator. Shame on you and those who voted for you!
Koch and Mercer  is all you want.
Wisconsinites, America is counting on you, GET RID OF LYING RON JOHNSON! He won't answer simple questions, what's he hiding? Follow money?
Unfortunately he was just re-elected for 6 years
There MUST be a procedure for removing him from office! He's an embarrassment to Wisconsin & America! VOTE RON JOHNSON OUT! DISGUSTING!
Oh right!  Give us a break you liar. We r not stupid
Someone needs to fight for the forgotten Military Surviving Spouses being cheated out of earned and purchased benefits
Liar! Junk policies 4 cheap because they cover nothing. Not real insurance. People will die. I almost did, without ACA.
Well, if you're so proud of this hastily written healthcare plan, wait for the CBO and explain to Americans why it's so damned LOW.
You're a fricking PUKE!
I really wish you had answered the questions about Graham-Cassidy from Willie Geist and others on Morning Joe today.What are you hiding?
No forgotten men& women under Obama care Senator: just lying hypocritical corrupt GOP like you screwing us to make your rich donors happy
GOP has caused problems with ACA. Puzzling that GOP lies by omission. Cheaper to repair ACA than replace it with crap-all for politics.
He says ACA distributed funds unfairly when it was the GOP who refused to expand Medicaid in their states. What a POS
Ron Johnson=vinyl siding salesman, used car salesman, lawyer, politician, etc! He's also a bully and a thug who can't be trusted! DISGUSTING
Why does Sen. Johnson lie & say ACA unfairly distributed funds when shitty republikkkans refused to expand medicaid in their states?
Mike Barnicle asked you to answer a yes or no question and you did not answer with a yes or no! Ron Johnson MUST GO! CAN'T BE TRUSTED! SAD!
That's a boatload of crap. ACA has suffered because Trump, who should be in jail, won't provide subsidies to insurers in ACA & they leave.
You are full of bologna. Just keep talking as fast as you can - we don't believe a word you say. You will hopefully be voted out.
When Willie Geist asks you direct questions, why do you not answer with direct answers? You talk like a slick, used car salesman! DISGUSTING
But kicking 36,000,000 people off of insurance means taking care of those problems? Ron you are a joke to the people of this country.
Everyone agrees ACA needs fixing. Why do YOU  not see, or not eant to see, this? Graham/Cassidy=TERRORISM! You are a bully & thug! SAD!
Ron honey, you can't draft G-C and then claim you are Pro-Life.
No, you're the guy trying to rip healthcare from millions of people! Koch brothers calling?
Where is the CBO score, it is estimated 30 million people will be kicked off healthcare with this plan this will get you voted out of office
Sure you are.   You are fighting for a tax cut for the rich.
The GOP position is that health insurance should only be available to the rich and those who don't need it.
What about the kids?!#GrahamCassidy is devastating for them, and those with pre-existing conditions, those with substance use disorders, etc
Come on. You're America's worst senator, that's who you are. We all know it. Hell, you probably know it.
Make sure to rape!! Lol it's all bull shit just cost to tax for free med
There are 12MM ppl in the ACA today, and 32MM who will be uncovered in the GOP Death Plan. Do the math. You are solving the wrong prob.
If the ACA regs are the prob, why did the GOP abandon the bipartisan "fix" panel to focus on a plan that hurts kids, older ppl, disabled?
Nothing in this plan helps reduce costs or lower premiums. Analysis says it will do the opposite, while leaving many w/o care.
It will hurt ppl who rely on the ACA: entrepreneurs, farmers, small biz, self-employed, semi-retired, disabled. No solutions in yr plan.
This plan takes a lot away & offers nothing in return. What gd does "freedom" do me if I am sick & bankrupt? Where is my family's security?
If I fall sick, or someone in my family does, everything I have saved for & built up cld be gone. Economic Darwinism; only the rich survive.
LIAR
Forgotten people looking for tax cuts?  Republicans look out for no one but their rich donors and themselves.
Vote NO!  #Graham-Cassidy
You are going to create 32 million more forgotten with this plan.
#RoJo.  I'm a #Wisconsin resident who wants you to vote NO. You don't care, do you? How do you sleep at night? #ourdumbsenator
Hi from WI. The USA needs to cover pre existing conditions like most other countries. Also need to work on affordability side of equation.
Please know that a GOP vote in 11/16 was NOT a mandate to repeal ACA!! It was a vote for conservative values & against the opposition.
Senator Ron Johnson, Wisconsin -  Very proud he is my Senator...  Truly one of the good guys!!
Puke.  He's my Senator and I have a disabled daughter.  He's going to tank MA for her.  He hasn't held a Town Hall in forever.
As a constituent I want you to vote against the Graham Cassidy bill.

Everyday there is magnificent bullshit  perpetrated by s.o. usually trying to punish poor people.  This is stunning b.s. from Ron Johnson.
Please vote no!!!!!!   Sincerely, a Wisconsin resident
I think Ron meant he's fighting to screw as many constituents (and Americans) as he can.
And killing kids. @SenRonJohnson #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
You're willing to pass ANYTHING at the price of millions of peoples health, just to get any kind of win. Shameful.
Don't F it up by slowing down the vote this time . Push like your 2 weeks overdue. Get it done. Conservative progressivism. Win and move fed
What the hell does this even mean? The truth is you are the  guy trying to make it impossible for me to afford insurance because pre-ex.
Are we doing earlier quotes? Shall I find the ‘need a CBO score & validated facts’ quote or do you have that memorized?
Work on bi-partisan bill to stabilize the markets where it's needed. Why strip insurance from those that ACA has helped. That's just cruel.
you lie!!!
@SenRonJohnson: "I'm the guy fighting for the forgotten Millionaires and Billionaires."
How many people will lose healthcare under this bill, Senator?  Do no harm!
Please - you sabotaged them. GOP governors should have taken expansion.
Chuck you should have told him to shut up if he's gonna lie
It's amazing to me that they demonize ACA n say it's a failure when millions of ppl. Are helped
Then work on a bipartisan fix!!!
Until government actually tackles the rising cost/profit of Healthcare and pharma, argue about the cost/profit of insurance is political bs
He wouldn't even let Chuck ask the questions! Blah blah blah. Blah
He is a Liar! His mouth was moving but I heard Bullshit! He blames the Governors that took Medicaid expansion for getting the $$$
Trying to decide between laughing hysterically or throwing up.
"You don't want to mortgage your children's future, do you" says the guy who is trying to mortgage your children's life.
Give me a break.
I don't know about that. But I CAN  say with utmost confidence that you are absolutely the arrogant junk-yard man.
Really, I'd like to see some politician lift a finger to help my brother who was incapacitated by a stroke.
pretty poor interview. .he had nothing except Obama care bad about 20 times so he couldn't be ask any questions about thei crappie policy
Wow. What a nasty guy. He acted like he was having a fit.
The forgotten men and woman or do mean the lazy non workers the live off the system
2. then the Americans who didn't want ACA repealed can see if your #deathcare is worth dying for? Great bill,  put ur health on the line.
Let me meet them
@SenRonJohnson is so disingenuous his family should be ashamed of
The insurance companies!
After viewing the MTP interview with Chuck Todd I feel very sorry for Ron Johnson's constituents.
Appreciate the condolences.
Unless they're 'able bodied working class childless adults.' then he said they don't deserve affordable care.
@MeetThePress Obamacare can't be a failure b/c all STs didn't participate
They fought Obamacare all the way to SCOTUS & Won
#MTPDaily
1.Ron you and the Rep congress are just liars. You didnt have answers for your disaster of a bill. Y don't Rep test this HC bill out first
What a liar! He might fool somebody, but some of us see through his specious argument #MTPDaily @RonJohnsonWI you're not helping anyone!
Gee, the states regulated insurance before ACA, they did such a great & compassionate job before, lol. Snake oil salesman.
@SenRonJohnson I live in Texas and have absolutely ZERO faith that my local government will do the right thing with health care!
Same here in Oklahoma.
When you have to avoid questions, be argumentative and talk over people then it's proof your selling a load of bull.
Sadly, Their STs forgot abt them
#MTPDaily
A liar! 32M lose insurance.
If states cared, why did 19 not join expansion?
1/830 die w/o HC. How many died in those 19 states in past 7yrs?
Thank you! I live and Texas, a state that didn't take the expansion and the state with the lowest insured!  Ridiculous
@SenRonJohnson stop telling tales/this takes healthcare away from millions/punish women & prexstng condtns/it's all about tax cuts & donors
Bullshit!!!!
@SenRonJohnson  PREMIUMS WERE RISING FASTER BEFORE OBAMACARE. The exchange IS FREE MARKET. The problem is zero regulations on price gouging.
No you r not fighting for the forgotten you are just trying to get rid of the ACA becuz Pres. Obama helped the American people&u couldn't.
Say Obama care 37 more times. That's your whole argument saying Obama care?? Local government cares about people? Like KS? WI? Lies
There is nothing to prevent a state from essentially cutting out people with pre-existing conditions. You care only about insurance CEO’s $$
Lies!  You don't give a damn about the people.  You only care about insurance companies.
And tax cuts!
Tax cuts for the 1% that is. Oh and ripping healthcare from the needy, cause you know, it's Obama's plan.
He's trying to fight for the insurance companies who fill his campaign coffers each cycle. #GrahamCassidy
Johnson is grandstanding
nope he's a con man, who doesn't answer questions
