Please note the Wisconsin state logo on this young
ladies T-shirt. Please also note that come election
time I will also take note.
Senator, if you want to protect elderly, children & disabled, then please vote against #SkinnyRepeal. #SaveOurCare

If you stand behind your amendment, then explain it to us. Get feedback. Don't vote for anything that's unscored, unseen, barely debated
As one of your constituents I will never forget your actions!
https://www.gofundme.com/ronksfund  how can you vote against our children?
Please vote against the so-called Skinny Repeal Bill.  That is not the way to proceed on this critical issue!  Vote NO, please!
VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE
Everything the majority is proposing is nothing to do with this statement and if you vote for Republican repeal or skinny repeal out you go!

You can't repeal the ACA without taking away 32 million people's health care. http://bit.ly/2u5rZ7K  
Lies... #Resist
Your amendment will never make it into the final bill. You know that. GOP abandoned you once already, learn from the past #VoteNo
Please vote NO on this irresponsible "skinny repeal"! We need you to be a patriot and stand up for America 
PLEASE #VoteNo #noskinnyrepeal too many people and their lives are at risk if this bill passes, including mine.
Vote without a CBO score is what they do in banana republics!  The GOP have become authoritarians!  trump thinks he's a dictator!!!
Why did you have a presser saying you wouldn't vote for a bill then end up voting for it? No stones?
How can you vote yes tonight on a bill you know will hurt your constituents and the people of this great country! Have some integrity!!!
Don't want to own the problem??? Get out of politics
Get a backbone and stop backing this president that destroying everything America's about.

2. If bill DOES get to conference, it will be merged w House bill making DEEP cuts to Medicaid, which your Sen prob *said* they opposed. 11/
Bullshit
U voted against WI last nite...U should have voted with Mcain, Collins & Murkowski
You know Ryan will put the skinny bill on Trumps desk so fast your head will spin.  Playing chicken with MY life and 15 million is wrong
#RINO #Traitor Another lying republican who broke their promise
please vote No on this and let's get back to bipartisanship and work together to improve the ACA. This skinny bill is crazy. undemocratic.
All the Cali Dems want u to vote no although they would never vote for u
You're a disgrace if you vote yes
H.R. 1628, the Healthcare Freedom Act of 2017, an Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute [S.A. 667] https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52979 …

1) House Rules Committee just passed something they call Martial Law, which gives them total control, enabling them to enact Senate bill.
So sick of listening to you fools that I hope you just let the whole Obamacare thing blow up.
WISCONSIN EMPLOYERS CAN'T FIND WORKERS BECAUSE EVERYBODY IS ON FOODS STAMPS, MEDICAID & OBAMAPHONES ETC.  GET A GRIP!
Vote no skinny Repeal. Fix ACA.  Stop sabotaging the insurers by withholding subsidies.

Graham, Johnson, Cassidy & McCain want "assurance" skinny bill will go to conference. Here's why that's worthless. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/skinny-repeal-mark-meadows-senate-house … 
The promise, I thought, was not touching Medicaid. So lets not. Okay?
Medicaid is not Medicare.  There is a big difference.
Lier. Your story today. Millions had no insurance loss jobs and retirement due2high ins and denials LONG before @BarackObama
But you're OK with leaving 22 Million Americans without healthcare?

UPDATE: Skinny is no longer just about mandate. Door now open for waivers that hurt ppl w pre-existing conditions. (Called "1332 waivers.")

THAT IS HOW REPUBLICANS HAVE LIED ABOUT ACA...AND THEN THEY INCLUDED TAX CUTS FOR INSURANCE EXECS.. HOW OUTRAGEOUS! 
@SenRonJohnson
Every Medical Org against @SenateGOP Bill(s). Per @ACSCAN 
Why not Medicaid/care for all? Thank you for the "no Congressional exemption" amendment, though. Only fair.
Let's see the details
Expansion of people on Medicaid is not sustainable. Entitlements must be reduced!!
"Choosing" no insurance if my only options are unaffordable or junk is a #FakeChoice. I want health coverage, Sen. Johnson, not #FakeFreedom
CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums. This is not progress.
But still a cut, right? Trump won't be around in 6 yrs to buy your seat, but we will still be around to vote you out.
Who gets "sustained"? Rich donors I would suspect!
This “skinny repeal” process is unethical & you know it. No actual bill, no CBO eval, no hearings. This is wrong.
Is this your cover to then proceed to vote yes at the end?
Whats wrong with it now? Please vote no on the so called skinny repeal.
I don't trust you one bit. How about just leave Medicaid alone!  Any cuts to that program are cruel and EVIL!
Show.Us.the.Bill  Medicaid must be available to all who need it--why prevent enrollment of those who qualify?
Ugh-- THIS is the " sound bite" now???
Not good enough senator
#SkinnyRepeal
nice
Thank you!
Tell your colleagues they need to stop this cruel repeal of ACA, unless you give us Universal Healthcare. Americans deserve healthcare.
Suck the marrow from the bones of the poor and the weak while defecating cash for your masters.  You have earned your 30 pieces of silver...
Not good enough
And yet you continue to vote w/GOP to rob millions of healthcare. Wisconsin keeps on calling for you to vote NO.
You represent me and my plan better not get worse due to your votes
Amen, Johnson your on the clock. During open enrollment this Fall if there is a big or drastic change I'll hold you personally responsible!
The cuts are too steep and exclude other vulnerable populations.
Political theater. U cannot redeem yourself. Too late. Well...u COULD redeem yourself by voting NO on skinny repeal. Will it be us or Mitch?
Can you please share the content?
Here's an idea: let's not cut Medicaid to begin with!
How about all of us with preexisting conditions or who want to survive childbirth? #SaveACA
How about tweeting out the whole amendment.Usually when U put "sustainability" in it you're making cuts. How about military sustainability?
Please tell us what you know about individuals with disabilities. Tell us about privatized education. #disabled #wisconsin
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Oh does this mean you had a town hall with your constituents? It doesn't sound like what they would ask for. Sustainability = cuts.
Unless @ASlavitt or @TopherSpiro say it, I don't believe it. You all lie, you've had over 7 years. Don't know how to govern. Pffft.
Others aspects of #ACA that ppl like my family need? Preexisting conditions? Children over 19? Lifetime maximums? Reproductive?
That is great news! Please use all your political capital to push this through into law. Thank you, sir. One of us = all of us.
Doesn't this instead seek to curb enrollment rather than actually preserving it?  In Wisconsin this led to more parents losing insurance
By kicking 16m off the rolls?
Does this protect expansion? People that made need to go on it in the future? Protect everyone on it?

And the award for "Most Orwellian Title" goes to you Senator.
Details please.
Sen. Johnson, there are people like me who get treatment thru the #ACA and because of it, we can then contribute 2 society. W/o ACA we can't
Just stop you fool
