How about "there is no place for white supremacists" or "there is no place for Nazis"? Try again, Ron.
Wait, he is wincing in private and is feeling troubled. He can't remember Hitler and Nazism anymore. That was soooo long ago!
Ron Johnson can't condemn Nazis/KKK, can't cry foul at Russia's interfering in our election, doesn't have the integrity to meet constituents
That's because Ron is a coward and if it was not for money he would be a no one. He is bought and paid by the GOP
Please sir. I am your constituent. Please speak and act for racial justice! Call out the white supremacists! Call out our President!
Show you have a spine and condemn the white supremacists and neo-Nazi's for what they are.
Umm you need to condone white supremacy.... you can't figure that out
This doesn't go far enough, Senator. Why are you not condemning KKK white nationalists? This shouldn't be hard to do. #Charlottesville
Where's your condemnation of the perpetrators? Coward.
If you continue to support the president, you are complicit in this. It's up to you to stop this before it is too late.#SilenceIsComplicity
Shame on you for this self-preserving spin. You have a responsibility to ACTUALLY speak out against these forces of evil.
Don't be afraid to say "We will not tolerate white supremacist or Nazi ideology" Ron. You can do it.

Whose hart is breaking? Names please. Proove that u know simeone with a breakable heart
Germany, new leader of the free world and nazi's marching in US streets with Trump & R approval. What must our WWII vets be thinking?
Why don't you vocally condemn the Nazis and white supremacists? Heather Heyer was MURDERED. By a racist. Say that. Condemn that.
can u say nazi or white supremacists now that ur fuhrer has? Let's see u say it senator or u busy attaching a true hero, John McCain?
Try again Ron. Are you afraid of calling out Nazis and white supremacists just like the president that you support?
Weak
Mr. Trump needs to call out Nazis and white supremacists specifically. There is no place for such hatred in our nation.
And...you are going to do what? YOu have to ask reporters what you are suppose to do next. RESIGN Along with TRUMP.
And? This 18-word stmt is all you've got? How about this: "I urge Speaker Ryan to begin Trump's impeachment." That's eight words.
What kind of violence would that be? A specific kind, perhaps? I'll just wait right here.... #sayit #sayhername #DenounceWhiteSupremacy
Why won't you call it NAZISM??? That's what it is. JUST SAY IT. Say "Nazisim & ALT RIGHT have NO PLACE in AMERICA."

SAY IT

SAY IT

SAY IT
Condemn White Supremacy by name
Trump?
This tweet is a disgrace.  Begin demonstrating moral clarity and an ounce of courage. WI & US deserve far more.
Weak statement. Why are you supporting racist Trump?
Words blah blah blah. What have you done to protect civil rights?
#FireNaziGorka! #FireLeninistBannon #FireAltRightMiller
Here is an anti-American senator who is unable to condemn Nazi violence and white supremacists carrying out acts of terror on US citizens.
Do you think it's crucial for @ronjohnsonWI to say "White supremacy, KKK, neo-Nazis & alt-right will never be accepted in America" ?
#BloodandSoil #NaziRhetoric #DomesticTerrorism #DonaldTrump
Say the terms. These are Nazi terrorists.
You need to explicitly condemn the white nationalists who were responsible for the violence. This was domestic terrorism!
It's time!
Sen. Johnson - condemn white supremacy! Our leaders should not allow groups who advocate for human rights violations to go unchallenged.
you men have better man up, stand up, and fight this, yes Trump's 'ratings" poll numbers will drop--small price for fighting hate
I fear it is too little too late. You boys have courted these types of  folks for years - Trump exalting & empowering white supremacist
This is the most disassociated Tweet ever. #saytheirnames
Glad that you are sorry about the violence, but you MUST call out the white supremacists. You are giving cover to Alt Right .Maybe a fan?
Coward
You should be calling on Trump to formally declare White Supremacist groups Terrorist Organizations. You can't because they support you
That's it?
Weak statement.
Hideously inadequate response.
There's no place for the KKK and Nazis PERIOD! America should not harbor terrorists
Speak out against the nazis and white nationalists.  By not doing so, you give them a pass and make them steonger. Show some backbone.
Senator, you will not lose any votes by denouncing American Nazis. Show a little fortitude.
Not enough Senator. Don't be weak and sniveling like the president. Leave no doubt where you stand. Speak out against white supremacists!
Theyre called white supremacists or Nazis - either will do.

Ur family fight Nazis in WW2? 

CALL IT OUT #zerotolerance
they no but its plain ignorance and greed have um so sir
They are Nazis. They are terrorists. You side w Nazis-you have no place in elected office in USA
Hey Ronnie - can you be more specific about who was behind the violence?
COWARD!
Oh look. I found another Nazi sympathizer in the couch cushions again! & it's Republican!
But there's a place for Right wing hate groups?? Wisconsin politicians have been such a disappointment this year.
Holy crap didn't Trump lament about the "old days" when it was just awesome to beat up protesters? I guess winning is better than honor huh?
Ron Jon supports his redneck base. Issues tepid criticism.  Get some balls Ron and do the right thing.  KKK and Neo-Nazi's back him down!
You should finish that tweet and denounce white supremacists. Honor WWII soldiers who died fighting against the spread of Nazi'ism. #Enough
Because your silence over the years makes you culpable in this. Got it, dummy?
Coward
You are not a spokesperson for anti-racist behavior. Your broken heart is not respectable.
As Trump, are you also a white supremacist and Nazi sympathizer?
Agreed
Nazi murdering one woman and injuring many more is 
what say you re KKK, Nazis, & White Supremacists in general & IN @WhiteHouse ???
I hear what you say but I believe this criminal behavior originates and gets promoted by Trump and some folks in his cabinet.
Anything more to say about that violence or are you going to equivocate like Trump? #apologist
Stop given us Lip Service with your statements, take action. Impeach @realDonaldTrump before it is too late to save our Country.
They are Nazis. For the love of all that is decent, condemn them and their hate rhetoric! This Wisconsinite is ashamed of your cowardace.
So close but not quite there Senator.
You do not represent us, Senator. Not anymore. How dare you be so passive-aggressive when a peaceful American's life is lost? You coward.
BY FUCKING NAZIS EMPOWERED BY YOUR BUTT BUDDY TRUMP!!!!
Like your predecessor, Joe McCarthy, 'Sir, have you no shame?'
It appears that there was a place for it, and that was Charlottesville, Virginia. 'Where is the next place' might be the better question.
There is no place for such HATE.  Call it what it is; white supremacy, nazism.
Nazis committing terrorism
Why not call it what it is?
FUCKING NAZI TERRORIST
Or don't white guys killing others
Count as terrorism?
What's that matter, Sen? Can't condemn White supremacy by name? Why not?
Not denouncing the white supremacists and Nazi's as terrorists is a disservice to WI, it's people and history.
You can't call out Nazis either, eh? #TrumpIsANazi guess you are too?! 
if  you don't call out Trump for siding with Nazis, I assume you are a Nazi as well.
One side was spreading hate. The other side was there to stop it. In this climate, you need to be specific. @SenRonJohnson
If you are unable to condemn the horrible actions of these Nazi racists, you don't deserve to hold your office. Shame on you!
Call it what it is or you are complicit.  Nazis are here.....Trump is enabling fascism...are you?
Violence by who? If you can't properly condemn it, then you condone it
If you are really heartbroken over the loss of Heather Heyer, and concerned about violence of the nazi's then REMOVE TRUMP FROM OFFICE NOW!
Not to beat a dead horse, but can you identify this symbol? 

Goddamn fucking twit, it's A NAZI FLAG. Say it. They're NAZIS.
Shame on you for not denouncing Nazis and White Supremacists.
Do the right thing and either impeach Trump or remove him from office as unfit. Get rid of his crooked administration too
Who is "our"? And just say it. Condemn the racist nazis and then DO SOMETHING so that it never happens again.
You show no leadership & did not speak directly about nonsupport of white supremacists. It's a no go.
you are a fool and don't deserve to be in the senate. Say it "White Supremacists".
Nazis! White Supremacist! Call them out!
Call out the Nazis your party leader supports.
There is no place here for cowardice. Call it like it is: white terrorists and nazis. If you can’t say that, you should resign office
Maybe the public would like to know what you did to Carey?
You chair DHS committee Can't trust you about any threat if you don't say white supremacy is domestic terrorism and demand action to stop it
I don't care about your heart or your prayers. Be an America.mn and get rid of the Trump indoctrination before it is too late
Stop nurturing that type of violence then.
There's NO place4 Nazis, Wht Supremacists, Alt-Right...fueled by racism, hate & trump rhetoric. Yet they're in the WH, Cabinet & Congress.
Condemn the Nazis! And stay off my answering machine!
But by omission you are saying there IS a place for white supremacy? Noted and will not be forgotten.
Thoughts and prayers aren't enough. Either you remove Trump from office or YOU personally are as guilty as he is. Time to walk your talk.
Senator, read history. This is not new, this is a symptom of the culture of hatred of "others" in our country. Own it, change it!
"Tweets from Ron are signed -rj" So this is actually the statement of some lackey with access to this twitter account. So sad!

You mean no place for hate right? No place for white supremacists who claim free speech but spout awful hate and preach violence. Right?!
There is no place in our society for nazis. Fixed it for you.
Call them white supremacists, Nazis, and terrorists. Say it.
Demand that @POTUS condemn Radical #AltRight #Terrorism
They are your supporters, you are as guilty as @Realdonaldtrump @POTUS for this young womans death.
Then I assume you will have no issues when it comes to a vote to #ImpeachTrumpNow ??? Or your words are just bullshit @SenRonJohnson
They get it...you're just winking..and it's deplorable...
"Our hearts break?" That's all u can muster? Where's your outrage over nazis & white supremacists? Oh, right..Prez Bannon calling the shots.
SAY IT: WHITE SUPREMACIST
Out of the mouths of the appeasers.  Hand-picked by the guy who promoted this hate filled, immature & paranoid stupidity called "Alt-Right"
White christian terrorists
You and your buddy Trump OWN this anti American white supremacist cult. Your party the GOP. It's coming home to roost.
Unacceptable + spineless response. The world is watching, Senator. America deserves better!
I'm from Wisconsin and I'm embarrassed that you avoid speaking out against white supremacy. You, & the rest of the GOP are 1 voice: TRUMP
Trump gives every indication that he's a racist, loves totalitarianism, believes women are only valued as sex objects & he's uneducated.
These are empty words. You spent 8 years excoriating obama for not saying Islamic terror because it served your agenda.  Stand up.
You weak, weak man. Is this what you dreamed you would be when you were a kid? An apologist for Nazi's, kkk'ers & Russian traitors? pathetic
Can't bring ur self to say Nazis alt right or kkk  ur constituents won't be able to bring themselves to vote for u
But if there hadn't been violence, open celebration of white supremacy would be OK?
Then please stand with #Americans and REMOVE Trump out of the White House! Holding you #accountable Senator Ron Johnson!
#LoveTrumpsHate
Sir, you need to find a spine: until you do you are void of understanding and absolutely anti-American
NAZI, White Supremacist, KKK poster girl! .@realDonaldTrump #TheResistance #Charlottesville use this picture in your next campaign!
No denunciation of this as terrorism? You are a hypocrite.
Calling out Nazis and white supremacists as a hate group seems like a pretty low bar to me. 

One you've failed to meet 

#HeatherHeyer 
Trump won EC by 80K votes. He needs every. single. one of them.
Your white sheet and pointy hood are showing there, Ron.
You own this you GOP tool. You're as guilty as the nazis for you complicit support of trump.
Coward
Such "white supremicist violence" do you mean? But are afraid to say?
Vile is the man who fears to condemn evil.
White supremacists! Say it. Scared you will lose votes? Sad.
Condemn the nazis and white supremacy. You're spineless. Try again.
Repeat after me: "Nazi white supremacist terrorist."
You can't help with healthcare, I heard your BS the other day, it's all BS.Not as smart as you think.
PS Those are White Radical Terrorists
What do you expect from the man who runs one of the states DIRECTLY responsible for putting donald in Whitehouse? Ther ALL racist bigot!
Say it with us, Ron. "There is no place--no safe haven--for White Supremacists in this country."

Stop creating room for nazis & white supremacists by supporting this racist admin & racist voter suppression laws.
Is there a place for gun-toting Nazis, KKK and White Supremacists?  Incredible that you r so-wide of the mark.  @IndivisibleWi01
ashamed that you are my senator. What a pathetic human being
Forget your cowardice in not calling it what it is, you couldn't even be bothered to write this tweet yourself.  You crashing failure.
There is no place for neoNazis in this country. Say it.
But they are donors
Say It Say it Say it Say it
#Complicit coward
Impeach Trump now!
Every vote you take, policy that you support that reflects the views of White Supremacist Terrorists will be recorded for history. U own it
This was terrorism call it what it was. Homegrown from our pos president. @realDonaldTrump is accountable.
#trumpneedstogo
Embracing this ilk when it benefits you and then making weak statements when they act out will not be accepting. @GOP  own Trump and this
The hidden hateful policies and plans your party works on in secret to ensure a white male majority has many side affects. This is one
NAZIS. SAY IT
Can u b man enough 2 publicly condemn it 4 what it is #kkk #WhiteSupremacists #nazi way beyond "violence" #Charlottesville
Domestic Terrorism by NAZI, KKK, AND WHITE SUPREMACY  HATE GROUPS  is more of a threat than ISIS!  STOP THEM!!  Call them what they are!
Way to denounce the white socialists.... So afraid of Trump.
CALL IT WHAT IT IS = DOMESTIC TERRORISM BY WHITE SUPREMACISTS, KKK, AND NAZIES!  LOCK THEM UP!
Noticeably absent from your tweet, ANY acknowledgement & condemnation of the Nazis/White Supremacists. Can't piss off your base, right?
Ron Johnson (R-WI), the opposite of a profile in courage.
Violence by whom Senator? Can you utter the name of the perpetrators? I'll help, white supremacists. You're welcome.
Yet you support racist voter ID laws designed to keep blacks from the polls. You can't have it both ways.
Loss of life? She was murdered by a domestic terrorist. Come on. Not so hard to say it, now is it?
trump will never say "domestic terrorist" EVER, because they vote for him.  Yet he jumps all over London Mayor re Islamic terrorists
You actually blamed @SenJohnMcCain's brain tumor for his ACA vote but won't condemn Nazis for violence. Not a profile in courage.
Good and vague. #MoralCowards
It's your base. Those nazis are part of trumps cult45. The @GOP embraces white supremacy
Then DO something about it. Your words are empty and useless without action! Impeach the man who incites it all!
They are nazis. Condemn the perpetrators as nazis. Stop this madness.
Well. That makes your views on Nazis and white supremacists quite clear. There is no place for such passiveness.
