Single payer is the only solution
No it won't. I thought you were informed
Believe me, he's informed. Informed that the Koch coffers are closed until they get their "healthcare" & tax "reform" bills
Do you think these men have consciences and grandchildren. What? Breeding another generation of self serving Johnsons
Ron Johnson is after tax cuts for the wealthiest , don't let him fool you.

Homeland Security says Russian hackers targeted Wisconsin's voter registration system http://bit.ly/2ffRsD9  
Y'all have had seven years and what, 55 attempts, yet this is the best you can do? Embarrassing and pathetic. Sad and weak.
Obamacare was murdered by the GOP for purely partisan reasons - slowly, painfully -
Obamacare was the destruction of the BEST healthcare insurance options in America . Clean Repeal of Obamacare now
That is a blatant lie, btw.

[2/2] But, the people see what your party is doing & GOP will be held to account for hurting millions of Americans. The ACA is popular.
It would be better if Republicans didn't try to sabotage it.  Uncertainty is causing many of the problems.  Vote no on ACA repeal.
You are a failed model. Quit lying
Liar.
You embarrassed yourself in that interview..  The man who won't stop talking is the man who knows he's wrong.
Ur model is worse.  Fix the ACA, easier, people like it, but i guess u dont care. U work for republicans, trump not american citizens.
Your plan isn't better
Wrong.  ACA simply needs improvement
How about you have someone answering your calls, face your constituents?
Hey, @jimmykimmel has Senator Johnson read the G-C bill?
#Kochtapus
Are you kidding? You will wash your hands of it once the responsibility is transferred to the states.Your fix, make it someone else's issue.
Why are you lying?
Please do more research into how this will affect people's lives. This is not the right answer to health care.
You continue to lie and mislead. This bill isn't even supported by the insurance companies so why do you support it
Koch money. It's how he got where he is, twice. He owes them. And he wants more of it. He has a chronic habit.
@SenRonJohnson You sir, are a liar. Espouse to put #countryb4party like @SenJohnMcCain does. @SenatorBaldwin @SpeakerRyan @lisamurkowski
You are a Senator that is either misinformed or lying. Graham/Cassidy is a sham!#pleasestop
It's always lies with this one. He informs his lies with misinformation for his halfwit base.
[1/2] The things pointed to as "failing" are a direct result of GOP plan to sabotage ACA by creating doubt among insurers w/ lying rhetoric.
The ACA is not a "failed" model. It's actually worked quite well, though it can be improved. It solved problems for most Americans.
BS
GOP thinks they know more than the experts. The think the know more than scientists. They do know more about corruption. Experts at that.

Americans want a bi partisan approach to fix the ACA.
Put us on the path to fix it?  And meanwhile how many people have to suffer?  You had 7 years to fix it. What the hell were you doing?
You're too eager to destroy healthcare for Wisconsin & America Ron. Stop trying to kill us Now! #WeSeeYou
Define "failed". If you mean imperfect and needs improvement, true. But it is better for more Americans than what the R party has to offer.
Your horrible bill killed a bipartisan effort to improve Obamacare. Any "failures" have been caused by Repub generated meddling and chaos.
Here's to you, Mr. (last-term) Senator:

When this guy is interviewed someone should tell him to shut the fuck up and answer the question asked DAMN WHAT AN ASS
According to the video - yes we will lose coverage, prexist cond. won't be covered, and premiums will go up.  Way to tweet your idiocracy
FIX IT!!  Do you really think we don't know you did everything possible to destroy/erode implementation?
LIER LIER PANTS ON FIRE
So nothing is better than something?  Having no food is better than having Krispy Kreme's for every meal?
Moving insurance to states will create 50 bureaucracies, much higher cost. Why isn't Medicare state run? Oh ya, the elderly vote, poor don't
Lies. The only thing that has failed is 45 and congress.
ACA was originally a republican model that will work if not obstructed to death-insult u think we cant see the truth
You're full of crap Ronnie!
You do know that it only "failed" because a congress full of republicans added the insurance lobbyist wording, right? You WERE there, right?
Hold a #TownHall and face the constituents who you intend to kill with your #DeathCare bill. Stop being such a coward and own your actions.
#GrahamCassidy has the faulty architecture. Shame on you for betraying people for the sake of partisan politics. Vote NO on this bill!!
Actually it furthers the path of a tale of two cities. Extreme wealth & poverty.
You're a LIAR. #ACA works & has saved millions of Americans. #GrahamCassidy KILLS MILLIONS & costs skyrocket for everyone else
You liar. This makes you immoral
I bet you will not be covered under the #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill.
Another liar who hasn't studied the bill's implications but HAS to toe the party line.... let's call it the party lie.
Empty your voice mail box. Can't call you. Don't you want to hear from me?
Unlike the president, you don't have an electoral college to save you. We will vote you out if you vote for Graham-Cassidy.
Wisconsinites are telling you to vote against this bill. Hear us, vote for us or we vote against you.
ACA is NOT a failed model.
Why isn't bipartisan discussion or debate on the floor happening?! Millions of lives are at stake. Shame!
This will fix nothing other than lining the pockets of millionaires. For shame turning your back on Americans with serious concerns!
I don't understand how throwing a chunk of money at states and saying "good luck!" is a sound solution.
What the heck is wrong with you? Return to Regular Order and fix this thing with a REAL solution. U just a party hack? A Koch sychophant?
Thanks Senator there is no reason for a childless able body working age person to be on Medicare.  20 trillion-dollar debt is reason to stop
until you are ready to speak with my disabled Stepdaughter shut up
How?
I'll just ramble.. loud, and not answer the questions they're asking me. Yeah, that'll prove it's a good bill.
Ron you are lying. You know your bill is horrendous. Yet the Kochs want it; as their puppet you follow. You & Trump will KILL the great @GOP
What healthcare plan will @SenRonJohnson approve for CONGRESS?!?! He shoves crappy h/c on WI then partakes in sweet deal h/c for himself 
WISCONSIN is screaming out to you - we HATE this SHITTY healthcare bill you are trying to sell us! If you don't listen, we WILL remember 
Obamacare is a Republican idea, implemented by Romney in MA! You’re just doing this to get $$ from the Koch’s, right?
No. It won't.
The failure is yours and the Rep.  parties... 7 years to come with an alternative... nothing.  Quit playing politics with our health care.
All we hear are empty promises. Speak specifics, please. How better? How fixing?
CORRUPT LIAR! Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions, provides tax breaks to small business, and has expanded coverage to millions. #EVIL
Bullshit!
That the majority of Americans want to keep. Same can't be said about most of the GOP

Yea and screwing over millions. You are lying and we know it.
Republican party is a FAILED MODEL. #GrahamCassidyBill is a death sentence for most of us with pre-existing.NO access to care,too expensive
Why in God's name aren't u listening to John McCain!  U must return to regular order & work with each other for a solution!
Insurance companies not on our side No protection from raised rates for pre existing conditions. Companies not in business to provide ins

GOP Death Squat. Despicable liars!
fixing??Backroom "fixes" that price people with pre-existing conditions out of affordable healthcare and kids off medicaid
Speaking as a retired neurosurgeon, who dealt with patients and insurance plans for decades, I can assure you ACA was an improvement....
...over the prior situation,far superior to all.TrumpCare variants which would have taken affordable care from millions. You R unqualified!
Liar..you know better...liar!
Everyone in the medical field says don't do it. You all will be reviled . #norepeal
Bullshit rojo!!
OBAMACARE WILL STAY. THE ACA WILL REMAIN STRONG...the plan is brillant. @GOP will never not ever come.close to such success.
What's your cut from the Adelson and Koch money? It's on the news, man.
Lies. Lies. Lies. You are lying to yourself and to the American people.
Obamacare has saved people's lives.   Stop lying.
The people you represent are telling you to vote no. If you ignore the people's will you are not doing your job. #checkhisbankstatements
Fix it! Don't repeal it and screw over Americans! #deathcare #prodeath #bloodonyourhands
People over politics.  How can u say this will help? It doesnt help anyone who is hurting under ACA. It increases premiums.
I think it has a better chance of making you a professional rotary club speaker.
Senator,you do nothing but lie. You are an absolute embarrassment to Wisconsin. You're days as our representative are numbered.
This is crap!
You're a monster.
No it isn't. Your bill is going to fail the American public
@SenRonJohnson if your plan is so good, why aren't you and all senators & congress elected officials subject to it? @GOP #LIARS
You must be judging your models and architecture by what serves Republican interests and not your constuents' health.
Liar! 
Failed because of GOP sabotage
Lies, lies & more lies. You don't give a rats ass about healthcare or your constituents. Not voting for you ever.
Experts are coming forward disagreeing with your statements on this bill.There is also this.  VOTE NO on Graham Cassidy Healthcare bill
Does the person in charge of your social media honestly think tweeting lies every couple of hours will sway us? We're on to you, intern.
Work out a real solution w/ normal order.  Bipartisan legislation is usually more sustainable and effective, doesn't chg with every election

fix it not repeal replace Republicans P sabotage it that's why it's failing. It's not Obama care it's Affordable Care Act ACA
I wonder if Trump will sign single payer?
@SenRonJohnson Wrong.  This plan will not fix any of the problems.  It makes things worse.  Single payer is the only sustainable option.
Liars who lie exhibit 1
it's based off of a Republican basis for healthcare. It's not failing.

All you have to do is fix the broken parts & it will be much better!
If it's so bad, why is ldrshp trying to bribe senators to vote yes by allowing their states to KEEP ACA? Doesn't that contradict your point?
Senator you're starting to sound like Limbaugh, very misinformed and delusional
Then fix it.
Sounds like this a repeal without a replacement.  You just pin the problem on the states to figure out.  Work together and fix ACA instead.
You are a failed model!  WI why do you keep electing  guys who do not give a shit about you.  @SenRonJohnson @SpeakerRyan @GovWalker  vote
"Put us on a path"? Why not fix it now? Or is this all just for leverage when you inevitably negotiate with Dems?
3. 3 billion.
Greedy liars
I assume you haven't read it or don't understand it; if I'm wrong, then you are just another Republican liar.
Exactly
BULLSHIT!

had your stateysed it as intended instead of withholding from your constituents, it would have worked. how many billions do you get now?
@SenJohnMcCain called...wants to know what's up with all the flirting with Sen. Johnson.
I like the Alexander bipartisan effort much, much better!
YOU'RE A LIAR AND A SELL OUT. Do you clean the Koch Brother's toilets, too?
No, @SenRonJohnson, u & #GrahamCassidyBill are a failure! Time u GOPs put your Constituents b4 your Party! KEEP the ACA/Medicare/Medicaid!
That's the best you guys can come up with?  #DrainTheSwamp
Wow. Obama & the dems tried to get you guys to work on this in a bipartisan way for years. @GOP refused. We all know about the Koch deadline
WADR, a falsehood that is revealed by the data on the ACA.  If categorically opposed to government involvement in health care, say that.
Senator - why does every health care organization including the AMA and Blue Cross say otherwise?
And It undermines the protections the Affordable Care Act has afforded people with pre-existing conditions
“start fixing it” ???  You bigot idiot.  Just fix the ACA !!!  Do your job !!!  Quit being a bigot !!!
Can I have the same coverage as you your heinous?
They’re all crooks.
If you keep saying it, must be true.
Liar
Rushing to vote on this bill without a CBO score or normal hearings is disgraceful! Citizens will remember!!!
Giving Republican in WI control of healthcare $ can only result in only more defaulted loans through WEDC.
You are wrong!
YOU ARE DEAD WRONG  YOU WANT TO COUNT THE BODYS ?
8 years to come up with a solution. The failure is you and the rest of the @GOP. #GrahamCasiddy must be voted down.
Wrong again! You're just scared of the Koch brothers!
You're wrong senator Pinocchio
If you vote yes, you,YOU sir will be responsible for people loosing care and their deaths.Think long and hard on that. Is Koch $ worth it?
It wont fix anything- forget trying to rush a bill- make something good - make positive history
Repeating lies over and over doesn't make it true. We're onto you and this tired rhetoric. Let's vote this guy out!
We're gonna have single payer at some point in these, surely the last 10 years of your life, and I can't wait for you to have to see it. 
Your idea of fixing means people die and you're ok with it. This is a fact. Anyone with more than 3 brain cells knows it but you don't?


Johnson/Republicans do not care about the people or what they want.  FIX THE ACA and quit try to please Big Business/lobbyist.
Ron, you're full of it. Can't wait to vote you out of office.
This was your chance to fix it. You failed with a very bad bill. No md or insurance backs your plan either. Stop lying Ron Johnson
Tearing apart what worked will NOT fix it. Throwing millions off insurance will NOT fix it. Vote no on this ghastly piece of work.
But the new proposal will ultimately leave pre-existing conditions people with unaffordable insurance.
Yeah, it's failing because you failed to support it and actively sabotaged it. Don't piss on me and tell me it's raining.
You have a habit of deceit in your characterizations of ACA & your sham of a bill; shame on you. #RonJohnsonLies #GrahamCassidyKills
Doesn't cover pre-existing condition. Failure legislation. Vote no. #Trumpcare
We need more than just a 'start'.  Come up with a real plan and put it through regular order.
Weakening pre-existing condition protection and letting insurers sell junk plans are not fixing anything.
Sir, Non-tiered Whistleblower Protections & Accountability Act must become reality. I'm fmr FBI; seek @POTUS mtng.
Ron you representing the people is faulty architecture. It's taken this long and all are still corporate whipped to meekhood, false idols..
What happened to your call for a bipartisan solution? Out the window as soon as you thought you might get your partisan solution. Hypocrite.
WE WILL RISE and vote you OUT next time!!!
It's failing because you all aren't smart enough to fix it. Hire someone who knows what they are doing. Stop winging it with people's lives.
You're wrong and we will pay for it. #Shame
You will deprive the poor and needy and help your rich friends get richer! Wisconsin elderly will lose medicare and Medicaid. Shame on you!
Stop lying. Stop trying to kill my children. Stop supporting a traitor.
YOU are failing US. I am listing you as the "responsible party for pymt" on all med forms. YOU pay my surcharges since I pay for your ins.
Great idea.
No IT DOESN’T. LIAR
You are a failed model of a senator for the people of Wisconsin.
My wife has Lupus, arthritis & early Alzheimer's. So you guaranteeing that our ins rates will not go up under #GrahamCasiddy?
Start? GCHJ is your finished product. Rushing to vote on a flawed bill is quite an error in judgment. Are you tired of being a Senator?
If Obamacare is a failure, why are you bribing Alaska Sen Murkowski by letting Alaska keep it?
You sir ARE a failure- telling lie after lie- did you graduate high school? you can't read - better get your facts straight dorkwad
Stop lying Senator. The ACA didn’t fail even though Trump, you, and your GOP cronies are trying to sabotage it
No it won't. You ll steal more money from the middle class to pay for your tax cuts. Gods watching stealing from the people is disgusting!
ACA isn't a perfect one but Repeal ACA is a kind of gradual process of mass murder. T are abo 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. DYK?
Why start down a path to fix it, why not just fix it?
