Then why do you insist on enabling the putz?
286,000 in Wisconsin will lose health care with the Senate bill. HEALTH CARE ONLY FOR THE RICH - SHAME ON U!  https://nyti.ms/2tRVxGE .
GOP=the party of BIG IDEAS. Healthcare for the wealthy, a band aid for the rest of us. https://nyti.ms/2tZ6oyJ . SHAME, SHAME ON YOU!
What goes around comes around! Trump and company wants to privatize all government work.
vbnm, https://twitter.com/aewriter1/status/884436076328357890 …
That's because this administration sucks 7 times more than the past two! Open your eyes dude!
Score
Could be there's more to leak about because of corruption and secrecy. The People have the right to know!
Well done Ron.  Seems the "Whistleblower Protection Bill" you pushed through is working well.  Cheers to all the leakers under your bill.
Leaks? You mean whistle blowing. Maybe if he knew how to govern it wouldn't be a problem
Damn, sounds like mismanagement, who is the CEO of the federal government again? #WiResist
Modern day president=modern day resistance.  He cannot have it both ways. Why do you keep aligning yourself with him it is going to haunt u
Trump is not easily manipulated and therefore the left and entrenched bureaucrats do not want hm ableto kick them out.

Maybe because it's the most corrupt admin in decades #WTFComrade
Question: Is the swamp Obama-lovers who are leakers being led clandestinely by @POTUS44 + @SUSANRlCE? Others won't say it. I will.
Trump has awakened more true patriots
The obvious takeaway from this is the Trump admin. is committing many, many more crimes and violations than his predecessors'.
Has little bearing on him and says much more about the underhandedness going on by those left over from the last administration. Be honest
Tr**p fired people who knew how to run the government and never replaced them. If he doesn't have all his minions in place it's his fault.
Ron - Get the health care passed!!  That's why you were elected!
Hard to be loyal to the Lair and Chief! 45 is a proven moron.
It is tough to drain the swamp of Obama holdovers with the employment laws what they are.
good people expressing their dismay uncovering the corrupt and dis-functional party and admin.
Maybe because the man in the office wouldn't know the difference between dilettante and delineate if he looked up both in the dictionary.
because even his own staff are trying to cover their behinds.  They don't really trust him either.
Realistically, there's more to leak about. And maybe those doing the leaking are closer to 45 than one might think-Odd abt DTJr's emails.
Leaks wouldn't happen if Trump was ethical and competent  #factsmatter
Hey Ronaldo! How about a town hall?
And the President is the most prolific leaker of all. This administration is so leaky, it’s sinking!
this is a crime family, mobsters. leakers are patriots trying to show you the evidence. Pay attention to what is being revealed
Let's be glad!  He's so inept, else we would be in dark!
This proves that Trump is corrupt and ethical people are trying to blow the whistle!
Actually, it shows those left behind are the corrupt ones! This is about National security leaks, NOT 'blowing the whistle'
What national security leaks? Exposing the administrations questionable dealings is not a matter of national security.
It is almost like you politicians don't want President Trump to be successful. You are a legislator, what actions will you take? #NOTHING!
Trump has been in office for 169 days-This chart is 43 days old. Also, it shows a leak every other day, not nearly every day as you claim
Remember when YOU said:

"Dedicated men and women who take a risk to expose wrongdoing . . . deserve the respect and support of our nation"
Here is a link to YOUR webpage where you encourage whistleblowers to contact you. 

Your hypocrisy is stunning.

https://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/whistleblower-email …
Obama hold overs is your answer. Not President Trump. Common sense is free to those that know how to use is...SMH
Alot of Nutjob liberals are commenting on this tweet..... ignore them.
You must find the Leakers and prosecute

Do you attribute the leaks to @realDonaldTrump 's incompetence, inability to foster loyalty or whistleblower-worthy behavior?  #25Amendment
At least one lie everyday from Trump since he took the oath but let's just overlook that
50 lies every day more like it. #25thAmendment
Incompetence & chaos = desperate people; distrust = leaks; leaks = instability; instability = fear & loathing.
reflective of a lack of leadership from Oval & @GOP and loads of corruption within admin. Stop excusing it, Senator & stand up for justice
Thats cus the Gov doesn't like, agree or trust @POTUS. Also, hes got nobody in place to enforce his policies. The Gov is running itself now.
First of all, 62 leaks in 126 days is 1 leak every 2 days, which is HALF the rate you claim. You really need to learn to read charts.
Second, it's only a leak if it's true. So. Leaks of true information, or fabrication by biased media? Can't have it both ways.
Do you blame the leakers or the fact that so much information needs to be leaked? WI Voter from 53523
So what are going to do about it?  Mouth off without a plan like your health insurance plan! Get to work and solve the nations issues!
Why do U suppose there are so many leaks during DT's administration? Same Patriots working for the govt. Patriots don't tolerate corruption!
They aren't leaks. They're reports from whistleblowers. People who work in the WH are as terrified of Trump as we are. It's a nightmare.
So who is doing it? Newbies or anti-Trump folks...or both?
Time to clean house, remove the Obama holdovers if you cannot fire them put them in a room and get them crayons.
Anytime you want to schedule a town Hall meeting in WI make it so those of us who work can show up. The loud ones like to hold their own.
So Ron what's the big deal I bet I leak7 To 10 leaks a day depending what I drink &  do sweat a lot off in this weather it's called work RON
It's because people don't trust Trump, and Congress is failing to rein him in. Balance of power & checks/balances failing. No other choice.
Use the nsa tools find who they are and put them on trial it's a disservice to the public and dangerous intelligence needs to be kept safe

This
Great job by a very good @SenRonJohnson senator...thank you
@JudiciaryDems @SenFeinstein.look at what your fellow committee member is doing to protect PUTIN!He refuses to act on attacks to our COUNTRY
the body has a way of shutting that whole thing down
WHOEVER LEAKED I WANT TO COMMEND THEM ON PUTTING COUNTRY FIRST UNLIKE YOU SENATOR. Russia invaded our democracy and you do NOTHING.
You know very well the leaks are a sign this president can't be trusted- where your concerns would be focused if you are a true patriot.
Senator you are willing to allow Russia get a pass for interfering with our Democracy? If so that would be TREASON to not act on it like DT
And that matters because...? Leaks happen when public needs to know something administration is trying to hide.
Lmao these comments aren't what you were looking for
With all due respect, the leaks are very likely a symptom of a much larger problem. Dig deeper!
Donald Trump is wrecking this country. Leaks are cries for help. We're all crying out for help, Ron. #ImpeachTrump
This! @SenRonJohnson THIS! Please hear us!!!
How about a #Wisconsin #TownHall to tell us about it? We'll tell you what we think, too!
Makes you wonder what changed, doesn't it?
Easy to figure what's changed,people are butt hurt that we finally have a real President in office. Happens when everyone gets a trophy.
Ron, I don't think these stats prove what you think they prove. Don is incompetent + dangerous, thus more leaks. Get it now?
That's because his staff doesn't like him...maybe?
You don't work to help people, you work to get votes and get fame and make more money. Shame on your soul.
Wish there wld be a leak of all US Reps supporting #RACE4ChildrenAct  #KidsbeforeProfits 7 kids a day die in US from #ChildhoodCancer
The truth leaks out because Trump is a dangerous Narcissist and some of those  in the White House recognize that danger.
Can you ask the HSA secretary if the rigorous vetting standards are ready to go?
According to this chart 62 divided by 126 is 0.49 leaks per day which isn't almost one it's almost zero if you're going to round.
Math; I'm not sure Republicans still believe in it.
So the thing about being a morally devoid juvenile bag of shit, nobody really cares to keep your secrets.
I suspect a lot of career staffers and representatives on both sides of the aisle are needing a box of depends to stop these leaks.
That should tell us that President Trump probably should have vetted his staff as rigorously as he would the immigrants he's banned.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
BHO set this up. Mueller should be investigating this, too.
The IC clearly thinks he's incompetent or has something to hide.
