If you feel that way Senator then you should have some pretty harsh words for POTUS.
Does this include Muslims?
Yet #PresidentBannon issue illegal orders to attack over a billion people fir their religious beliefs & you say nothing.
unless they are Muslim. You seem fine with that.
The @GOP is CORRUPT. Silence = COLLUSION. Investigate Ryan, McConnell, Burr, Nunes, Chaffetz, Sessions & the KUSHNERS!
if tax returns  reveal that Trump had large business deals w Russian oligarchs, is this enough to demand resignation?
Then you should be OUTRAGED at this treatment of a gold star parent!

http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/khizr-khan-travel-privileges-toronto-235727 …
yet you supported the Muslim ban…hmmm
NO AMERICAN SHOULD ENDURE THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!
YOU BIG FAKE LIAR.  FRAUD!!!!!
yet you supported the Muslim ban. #NoMuslimBan
Of course, your voters endured a threat b/c you don't want to talk with them. Cool. What a twit.
- I'm glad to hear that u will now be voting against @POTUS' travel ban, right? Ur not a hypocrite r u?
THANKS for joining us on resistance to Trump's immig exec orders & his blatant discrim against ppl Muslim faith. 
no American deserves a legal threat for asking their senator to meet with constituents
Yes, Ron. Please clarify your position on suppressing 1st Amendment rights.
Protect us from all these politicians meeting with Russians and lying about it. No American should have to endure them.
This from the cowardly wimp who is threatening his constituents with legal action if they keep calling him. #traitor
Hey how about those Muslims enduring threats of being deported. Let's remember that is every American. Even ones u don't like
no constituent should be threatened by his or her representative because said representative won't do their job! #shame
No American should feel threatened based on their sex. Being female around @POTUS is frightening. He frightens us.
Why must Americans endure being threatened by a horrible @POTUS That we fear will drag us into sloppy wars? He's awful.
I believe in actions, not words. Your actions do not support religious minorities in this State. You reek of hypocrisy.
Earl Good for God's sake.  No American should endure the treatment of his elected official NOT DOING HIS JOB. Shame on you.
no American should endure the GOP
That's cool. But it's also your job to listen to your constituents @SenRonJohnson @FBI
Milwaukee man receives "cease and desist" from senator for "unwarranted telephone calls" http://hill.cm/mg6EgTp  
Empty words. You're too chicken to meet with constituents, much less "stand up" for anything but 45's lies, bluster & graft.
independent investigation into Russia, Senator.
would be pleased to see a #TownHall for the people of #Wisconsin. @fbi has lots to do!
Do you realize how foolish you look and sound? You don't even understand the irony of your tweet do you?
yes, and I am sure you will be happy when they get the rest. Me too.
INVESTIGATE TRUMP.!
Too chicken to hold a town hall meeting. Useless.
Please deliver this message to your #WhiteNationalist President and his puppet masters, Bannon & Miller. #NoHate #NoBanNoWall
You mean like 45's unconstitutional Muslim ban?
You get no credit for this. Your republican administration has fueled this hate and denigrated US intelligence agencies.
You supported religious biased hate! Glad you want to take it back. 
Now; impeach Trump!
Let's see you defend Muslims.
stop attacking the muslim communities with this "extreme Islamic terrorism" bullshit Victims of terrorism are mulsim
And yet our President spent his campaign and first weeks in office fueling hate towards Muslims.Stand up to @realDonaldTrump
There are some other cases the FBI has been tracking that also deserve your attention.
even Muslims? I hope so!
seriously, Johnson... trump has emboldened these people. This is on his shoulders.
We're in such a dangerous position because of Bannon, Trump, Russia, but you do nothing. You're endangering us all.
8 of the 100+ threats.  I see the fake news disease is spreading
no public servant, such as yourself, should be sending out cease and desist letters to their constituents... #justsaying
.@SenRonJohnson @FBI that includes the Muslim community right?
your silence speaks volumes about your hypocrisy.
