Just called @SenRonJohnson office. No public events scheduled for the upcoming recess. Have made a formal online request for #TownHall.
I got another email response from his office basically saying he will support whatever the administration does regardless of what voters say
NO! Delay vote until Russia probe done. Seat will be tainted forever if Trump campaign was complicit. We don't yet know what we don't know.
At least she has the courage to face her constituents.
How can we trust the judgement of @POTUS with all the lies spoken and suspicious people he's associated with? I certainly can not. How do u?
Lol
This WI voter is glad for the filibuster!  Garland should have gotten a hearing!
You are hypocrisy personified.
I'm a Wisconsin voter and I think @tammybaldwin is great! When will you have a #TownHall @RonJohnsonWI ?
Stealing is Wrong #MerrickGarland
WINNING!!! #NeilGorsuch 
How about listening to WI and investigate Russian connection and president?
She will vote NO to Neil Gorsuch just like we vote NO for you !!
You're definitely not listening to mine. No on Gorsuch, yes to Garland
We hope @SenRonJohnson listens to the voices of Wisconsin voters and holds a real face to face town hall meeting during the April recess.
Good luck with that
She's listening to me and voting NO! Why don't you listen to the voters?
Vote No! @SenatorRonJohnson Love, WI
Who needs to listen? Not Baldwin u need to talk to people outside of church
Why didn't you listen to voters of 2012 & hold hearings & vote on Garland? He was the nominee of Pres who won Elec College & pop vote bigley
Hilarious that your office tweets such garbage as you hide from constituents. When's your #TownHall, Ron? WI wants to tell you what we want!
Yes, she is listening to the 2012 results which *should* have allowed Garland to get a vote.
 Wrong again
Stand your ground Tammy, we in Wisconsin don't want you to vote for Gorsuch. Ron you should listen to us too.
Love you @SenatorBaldwin !!
Thank you @SenatorBaldwin for listening! Nice to have politicians who actually do that! Hell no Gorsuch...American people need to matter!
Listen to the voters of wisconsin - no nuclear - no changing the rules of the senate.  there are other options.
As a WI resident in your district I do NOT wish for such an important position to be filled with the serious questions on collusion
I believe her opposition to Gorsuch is EXACTLY listening to the voters of Wisconsin. If only her colleague would listen to his constituents.
How would you know what the voices of Wisconsin want.I called Tammy with my no vote.Have a real town hall & you will hear Wisc voices say NO
Merrick Garland. Hypocrite much
in 2012 Obama won WI easily, WI voters selected him to nominate #SCOTUS replacements, YOU obstructed by not even holding hearings on Garland
This is funny, you're a pro at ignoring your constituents.  #hypocrite #boughtandsold
She is listening to WI voters. You should try it sometime!
Senator Baldwin IS speaking for me! She also has town halls and listens to the people is Wisconsin- you DONT.
Respectfully, sir, you didn't listen to us when we asked you to hold hearings on Garland. 

SCOTUS can wait till FBI investigation is done
Or *you* could listen to us... Last I checked, the 1,547,104 votes for her outnumbered the 1,479,471 votes for you.
Thank you for listening to my vote @SenatorBaldwin ! No, no, no!
Sounds like she is. Maybe you should listen too.
Did you listen to the voters of Wisconsin? #nodevos #nosessions #nopruitt Need I go on?
Hoping @SenatorBaldwin listens to my voice as a Wisconsin voter and prevents lifetime appointment of radical choice of failing president
You need to listen to WI voters and say NO GORSUCH.
This #Wisconsin voter completely #opposed.
I hope @SenRonJohnson stops voting for #fascism. @SenatorBaldwin is NOT the problem.
I'm a Wisconsin voter and I'm thrilled with her decision. You are out of touch.
Senator, which voices are you listening to? The Fake Ones, I'll Bet.  Of course you were one of the morons who robbed Merrick Garland's seat
Why?  You didn't listen to the voters to give Garland a chance and he was a better judge AND person.
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland
@IndivisibleMad if you think it is your duty to listen to the voters of Wisconsin, why aren't you, Sen. Johnson? Town Hall?
Honorable @SenatorBaldwin IS listening to Wisconsin voters. You should too, especially our proud democratic traditions.  #NoNuclear
@SenRonJohnson You do realize nearly 1/2 the WI vote went to Hillary AND #POTUS approval rating is abysmal AND corporations aren't people?
she is listening. NO to Gorsuch.  Were you supportive of a hearing for Garland?
I am a wisconsin voter and I say vote No to Neeil Gorsuch.
Please. I wish you would have listened to the country when we wanted Obama's appointee. #hypocrites
you haven't listened to us at all. Just another $47000 sell out #54011
.@SenRonJohnson @SenatorBaldwin Sir, Wisc voters want the @SenateGOP to bring a consensus candidate who can get 60 votes. #NoNuclearOption
Thank you Tammy Baldwin for listening to your constituents!
If they don't listen, you could always hit them with a cease and desist letter, right?
My voice to @SenatorBaldwin and @SenRonJohnson is to vote no on Gorsuch nomination. She actually listens and responds to her constituents.
U've got some nerve ignored us on DeVos and sold our private info this is the definition of hypocrite. #lastterm #yougottago
She is listening to us!  You sir are not!  Follow the black money.
Merrick Garland.
Who tells you that? Governor Walker? The RNC? Nobody I know would suggest any voting but for Merrick Garland.
Not until they vote on Merrick Garland. What a travesty.
WHO ARE YOU KIDDING???? Stop pandering to Trump @SenRonJohnson and vote how your constituents want you to vote. @SenatorBaldwin vote NO! Thx
If you answered your phone you'd know we are telling you to vote no on SCOTUS. #noprobenorobe
She is listening to us!
She doesn't care about the voters. She'll do whatever Chuck tells her to do.
Trump is under a FBI investigation for treason! He should not be allowed to pick next supreme court Justice!!
Not happening Ronald. #MerrickGarland
Don't vote for an illegitimate SCOTUS nominee made by an illegitimate POTUS! GOP stole this position!
DO NOT FORCE A JUDGE ON THE PEOPLE! Get a judge who can get 60 votes. Ultimately every Republican will be remembered for forcing this thru!!
Dear @SenRonJohnson, I wrote you an email via your website on this very topic. Looking forward to your reply to my specific arguments!
After the heist the GOP staged with Garland? I hope @SenatorBaldwin holds you and the rest of your obstructionist cronies feet to the fire.
You've NEVER been my voice, Ron Johnson. Shame on you. You're USELESS for Wisconsin & you've got no moral compass. #VoteWisconsin #Scotus
WI voters want @SenatorBaldwin  to vote NO on Gorsuch...he's anti-women, anti-environment, anti-middle class, for Corporations over ppl...NO
NO.  Ron Johnson, do not speak for me! My voice says HOLD FIRM, Tammy!
No voting while @POTUS & his admin are under investigation for collusion/coordination w/ Russia. #MerrickGarland #Gerrymandering
Hahahaha NO. Tammy hasn't sold her soul to the highest bidder like you have
She's also listening to me and voting no on Gorsuch. Thanks Tammy!
How did the vote for Merrick Garland go?!? 
THE BEHAVIOR OF @GOP SENATORS IN THIS WHOLE DEBACLE WITH MERRICK GARLAND POISONED OUR GOVERNMENT FOREVER.  THE BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS ONLY.
I'm doing my part. She has heard from me about this already. Thank you for doing your part.
You're speaking only to supporters, Ronny - they're already in your corner. If you want to convince others, you need to do better.
she should vote no.  WI doesn’t support him or the senate changing the rules!
She won't. @chuckschumer Will lead her around with the ring in her nose.
She's listening to mine, that's for sure. VOTE NO, @SenatorBaldwin!
#merrickgarland
If she's listening she will vote no.
Wisconsin voters got robbed no way they are that dumb it's insulting to the surrounding states
Vote to confirm Gorsuch. Everyone needs to do the right thing.
