




https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=405532096511730&id=202064936858448 …

How about healthcare?
Thank you all for your leadership on this! Today is a good day! #RightToTry
Pence u and @SenRonJohnson must be made of same cloth- #ShameOnYou  4 supporting repeal of ACA @maddow @realDonaldTrump @Lawrence
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
Why is everyone going after our President? Is anyone fighting for him? If there is, I sure don't see it! I'm furious!
We used to call that clinical trials.
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
To say what you did about McCain, I think you're the one with brain damage, Johnson. For that matter, you're all pretty insane & heartless.
And then he criticizes Mccain for doing the thing he felt was right, Ron Johnson is disgusting.
TRUE, PRAYERS!!
Science. Not prayers.
Science and prayers
Fair enough.
Hope and POTUS don't belong in the same sentence
Potus is our only hope to straighten out this country after the moron we.had in there for the last 8years.
Omg...you are pathetic!
But what if they don't have health insurance?
Then they just let them die.

You tweet like there's no fire in the house, but can't you smell the smoke?  It's burning all around you Mike.  Mother says GET OUT!!
Let's see if we can get that trending today??  #loserboyPaulMayo  You're a genius, thank you.
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
Yet you're perfectly happy to take their healthcare away.
No, that was obama.
Yes because  I just lost my oldest sister 72 to cancer
Give the rest of us hope & a chance by not screwing us over with #TrumpCare #DeathCare? You're speaking from both sides of your mouth.
But you voted to repeal ACA.  Hmmm....
I'll bet $1000 @POTUS couldn't answer one question about it.  Not one.
This great news that will never be reported by media to the American public
Thanks to my Senator @SenRonJohnson
thankfully they have access to Obamacare still, otherwise they'd be left high and dry by the @GOP
You know Congress and THE OBAMAS are exempt from Obamacare, right? Something's rotten in Denmark...
Melania, would not be allowed in 
1. She doesn't speak "good" English.
2. And she doesn't have a real job or education #immigrationBill
You have no clue what you are talking about Melania speaks 5 different languages , she was a very high paid model prior to her marriage.
She comes from Slovenia, a land locked country, many there speak several languages. Dropped out of university after 1 year. Not that clever.
Mark Zuckerburg dropped out also. Many people drop out if they start making a lot of money. You are the one that is not cleaver.
She modeled for fashion houses. That's hardly soft porn.
She did both. Regardless, it's not exactly skilled labor.
She has her own businesses making her own net worth 11 million.
Science isn't their strong suit. And no, I don't know what their strong suit is. Maybe fooling people?
What about Right to be pain free?
That is happening. I have bone cancer & have never been denied pain medication. I take enough everyday that would kill an average person.
I'm sure there's a catch. Want to let me know what it is before the news does?
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
BS
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
Aw that's so good. Take care of yourself, much respect, God bless you 
I can't argue with this idea. I will argue if it is forced upon children who are old enough to know when they want to stop.
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use#Q10 …
Terminally ill patients don't need false hope. They need to accept death and die comfortably. So called further treatment is a blatant lie.
Mr VP thank you for man God has made you
You can give them hope by leaving healthcare alone!
Agree.  Take away Congress exemptions and subsidies from ACA to force  Congress to pass health care for the U.S.  citizens.

Hope and a chance?  Maybe insurance would be a better idea!  DOH
If you're such a believer in god, then why do you interfere in his work. No one dies until he says so right?
NONSENSE!The real aim of this junk is to allow govt to come between a patient, their family & Dr. Respect privacy!

This is why Dem's are so angry. Keep doing what you're doing, Mr. President. We the people need you. You have an Divine appointment.
Proud of you @VPOTUS and @POTUS too!!! Thumbs up to @SenRonJohnson, We will make note of no votes on both sides not just Rep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8wAjQIeEz8 ….
Laws need to be written where it's possible for individuals to help a family in need especially in terminal situations.
Hippa was needed but it has hurt many kids from low income families in bad situations and keeps people from being able to lend a helping hnd
In A Lion in the House Tim Woods would of spent last months alone because laws do not permit most people from getting involved like I did
Vice President Pence, because of current laws a film such as "A Lion in the House" cannot be made nor can some1 like I did help alonelychild
I urge all people to watch Documentary "A Lion in the House" .   My good buddy Tim Woods and many other brave families show the real cancer
This is one of the best bills and needed bills ever.  Until you are part of these gut wrenching decisions it's hard to understand the dilema
Unfortunately if they are terminally ill they need health insurance so they can live there life in comfort. But thanks to you guys .....
They probably don't have it.

Ah yes. The freedom to choose anything the Republican Party approves of.
Yes you should because you will personally respondable for their deaths because of your health care failures.  God is watching.
Thank you for your continued support! Let's hope @SpeakerRyan & @kevinomccarthy make it a priority in September!
Poor  folks  smaller  base  louder  squeal.  After  President  Trump's 8...then Ivanka's 8,God  bless  America !
Hypocrite.
The only hope is if @VP and @POTUS are removed from office. You are a blight and a stain upon our nation.
As long as it's not pre-existing.
#AmericansAgainstPence
We already have right to try.. let us decide when we want to quit trying! It's not your decision, its mine!
You might want to try it on your terminally party then.
The only liars, and criminals associated with Russia, are the Clintons...uranium, speeches for half a million...hmmmmm
Thanks to the Democrats and 3 brave Republicans these people have a chance  and can die with dignity without bankrupting their families.
But no treatment is covered by insurance... so sorry!
You hane no cald simting
You don't care.  You are not a Christian.
Good start. Now, pass #MedicareForAll and you'll be on the road to providing ALL Americans with hope. #HealthCare is a #HumanRight
Listen, you seem like a good man, and could handle the position of POTUS better than DT. Stop talking shit, and protect us from him! Got it?

I had a dream about a year or more ago about the satanists trying to push through assisted suicide.  Keep fighting in prayer more than all.
How you going to pay for that?
& Stephen Miller is just what our policies need: clear, logical, factual, and doesn't back down. 3 stars :)
You wouldn't even try to save your mommy.
Give them hope?  More like them dying horribly with NO help from you.  So Christian.
My Latest: McMaster need to go now get rid of him
شكرا جزيلا لكم كلامك جميل
Shut up and sit down.
HUGE bill. With #OBAMACARE there is a financial win in pushing patients to hospice. Uncle was forced to choose death. Change is needed
Complicit
prayers for you always,god bless ,all the best.
So proud of our President.
@VP now we need to give the same humanity when there's nothing left but suffering and death. We do the same for our pets, right?
No, it is yet another gift to health insurers, another reason to deny insurance to those who need it most.
You refuse to offer same respect to families and women
As you cut Medicaid by $800 billion and subsidies to Insurance companies to give a TRILLION to the rich!  #MAGA 
Well they would be better off if you just improved upon ObamaCare instead of trying to get rid of it and replace it with NOTHING. #fraud
Proverbs 18:2English Standard Version (ESV)

2 A fool takes no pleasure in understanding,
    but only in expressing his opinion.
Keep doing it when you are all in jail.
You believe in conversion therapy, therefore nothing you say is relevant.
Conversion therapy is inhumane.
Fake news
Deathcare!!!!!
Medical decisions should be between a patient and doctor.
must be bad for them if you're asking
Thank you for your service.
A chance at what pain?
Did Trumpie earn a treat from you?
Unless you take away their healthcare first.
Wow. You do realize repealing Obamacare & kicking people off insurance will result in more terminally ill people, right?  DUH.
terminally ill means they're going to die. So what's the point
And u want to be a part of taking Health Care away from people that need it badly. Bad Career Choice I would Say !
Fk u
ALL LIES
You're still an evil man. Wish I believed in hell so you could spend eternity paying for your sins on this earth. Sadly, you'll be worm food

Death with dignity is self explanatory...you should back that. #FakeChristian
Unless they're black, gay, open-minded, atheist.  Bigot!  #BringBackBiden
You don't really care! Amend the ACA (lower premiums and ax the tax penalty ) no need to replace
...good. for, the power of last hope is indeed so empowering in many ways.
But what if they bought one of those "skinny" policies and all they are covered for are immunizations and well care visits?...
We treat animals more human then humans think about it .
Clean up our food and medicines please! We will have fewer terminally ill patients.
Will never happen.  All politicians are in bed with pharma CEO's.  Vicious cycle.

Thank you.  I am lucky in comparison, but desperately wait for a cure.  Any ease to get treatments is good.
Then where is my single-payer
Forget about it
Try What? Try to apply to obtain health insurance & pray they aren't denied for having pre-existing conditions?
Thank you Mr. Vice President ! #MAGA
By taking their healthcare? You are a liar like your boss
GOD BLESS VP PENCE AND GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP!!
Beginning to think #POTUS is shifting gears and moving toward governing and helping the country.  Let's get onto tax code changes & infrastr
We are so blessed to have Donald trump and v p pence in charge
Aren't you the one that was trying to take away the healthcare away from  patients like this.. that was last week
Least curious VP, wanna be mover & shaker.
Your statement is ironic considering those who will be SOL if the republicans repeal/replace AHCA.
Crook.
https://youtu.be/K6vvx2rHid0  
#FAILURE

You need to leave with your boss.
If you mean with GOP's health care, I not sure what hope you are giving them!
What about giving veterans & 100 million Americans HOPE! Give me 15-30 mins. with an assistant to educate you on the horrors we are facing.
You & your Potus already showed how much you care abt patients & their wellbeing by sabotaging Obamacare.
Very Christian of you!
If they know they are dying what is the point of trying to help them.  All you are doing is prolonging their suffering to the end.
Hilarious how you gonna snatch their healthcare too?
POTUS is a New York real estate sheister! Plain and simple
As someone with multiple health issues, I am grateful for Right to Try. Speak for those who cannot speak for themselves!
Why are you not helping this sabotage of our elected President- speak out against this crap! Do your job
POTUS is a sabotage to our Country.
Very good, but they also have a right to believe in God and natural healing. Drug industry pharmacy are not good for kids.#Columbine
Oh?  Can they afford it? Well their insurance covet them?

If Johnson cared about terminally ill, he'd work to reduce their numbers by supporting decent health care and early cancer detection.
Would universal healthcare single payer system help? Knowing you won't leave your family in massive debt allows people to focus on treatment
Medical decisions should always ultimately be made by the patient. The Pt. has the right to be well-informed and to make their own choices.
THANK YOU
I am ill and I am no less alive!  
Actually, I think I'm a useful SOB
Good investment. Great values!
Will you all steal their funds like Trump kids did before. Hey how about that wall Trump lied to his base about. Wow you're winning eh
The more you allay yourself with Trump, the more danger you are of losing your job.  And, btw, your god is watching you and she's angry.
I believe the law discussed allows terminally ill patients to choose to try an experimental drug whether the FDA has approved it or not.
The fact that you can utter the word "proud of Potus" is disgusting.
Amen!
Hmmm don't understand what 'terminally' I'll means. Usually no hope??
This is definitely not a handout to big pharma. Definitely not.
Can we not make this a black and white issue? Please? Por que no los dos?
Cool.  Can you maybe see fit to extend your right to try toward women's health on more mundane things, like what Planned Parenthood offers?

You all love the dying and unborn, but as for the rest, unless you're rich you can just #GFY.
No, it's about bypassing testing & FDA so that snake oil sales people (and pharma) can fleece the families of the terminally ill. SHAME.
Powerful Message in Twelve Roses with Respect to the most painful grief: Roses are invaluable, Path 64 !
With the GOP healthcare bill they will just die anyway so why waste the time and money?
Simply because, ALL OF U.S. and the rest, Began "Dying" the day we ALL were born....AND ALL will....DIE...at some point.
