Your history is being written right now. An incompetent VP for a totally incompetent President named Trump. History. You failed.
can you tell me my future, too? @NYGoingBlue
Yes. You & the world will be sorry that the USA elected a completely incompetent person 4 President.
why are u assuming u know how I voted? I see it plain and simple, he IS our Pres now so give a chance
He got a chance and failed. He picked fools for every cabinet position. Pissed off numerous allies.
wouldn't want to work for you....not even a month you give someone, damn
Get real.
that Pres Trump is our Pres so y b,m&c about it?Put that energy2what u can chng&stop making self cray
how about making health care free and accessible to everyone! Like in... Canada!
Hahaha!  There's no such thing as free.
you are right. But hey, is worth the try!
I don't mind paying if they would just lower my deductible.
Its the insurance companies.  Single payer is only way.
Very aware of great innovations.  Did u know immigrants contribute much to that?
resign, you ruined america
TAKE A HIKE
actually not a bad idea! Bc as soon as these bums are done w/the environment it'll be toxic to take a hike.
Bums? Have some respect, it's people like you that are part if the problem
No The only thing worse than the liars r the believers of the lies who give false credibility
wait until Sessions exposes pizzagate, oh boy
And I quote from your earlier tweet, It's people like you that are part of the problem.
 yeah keep thinking that. Your party is digging a hole for themselves lol
You are killing 36,000 people a year by repealing the Affordable Care Act so you might as well tell this kid you are his killer.
How is Obamacare killing you?
every single time!
all settles in a positive way.  I hope that you get the same doctor to care for you.
hopefully you won't repeal #ACA #ObamaCare as that also gives patients a fighting chance.
Or bankrupt the middle class whose premiums are now tripled
Maybe you should realize thats not the ACA its the insurance companies
mine are tripled as well. Insurance companies have no cap, they can charge what they want.
when a person is terminal dont spew horsesh**
well, thanks to you our education system has no chance now
where have you been for the past 5 years? Our education system is based on tests. King was awful in NY and got promoted
Please tell me u didnt support her on common core alone
I didn't support her just wondering where everyone has been while the people in NY have been arguing tests.
All of a sudden everyone cares. Schumer did nothing for his state. in  3 weeks we're giving the ELA test. It's a 3 day
untimed test. Some students sat from 8:15 until 2:20. Schumer said NOTHING!!! This is okay? Where were the protestors?
what?.terminally ill is dying. Wgere is the hooe?
sorry @POTUS doesn't know his a** from his elbow. He supports only if #presidentbannon tells him to. Grrr.
and you sold out all kids in schools today for a bought vote! U should be ashamed of your vote today.
pence ure bs***. Hope is when they can cure a disease. You are terminal.
My 52 year old son-in-law has ALS, he & many others are desperate to try promising drugs. FDA says NO. So sad.
please get the children away from the grim reaper.
something is very wrong w this tweet. You and Trump should stop tweeting and do good for all Americans not just Red Americans.
You are TRAITORS! Another shameful day of swimming with the SWAMP rats!!!! How much money did #noDeVos give you?
if God was here, he open a can on these people for abuses done in his name. #notChristianlike
I hope you someday open a book
LIAR! You don't give a damn about fighting chances for the ill! Had you, you'd  fix Obama care, not repeal it simply cuz its not yours!
How about you restore America to what it was BEFORE @realDonaldTrump destroyed it.
Legalize Marijuana, Nation wide, while you're cause supporting.
Like we aren't dumb enough already. MTV and reality shows made that happen.
Marijuana makes you just as "dumb" as alcohol and it's not deadly, but you know that already.
Yes. You are proof of that.
LOL! Yes, I am living proof. 
Psalm 20:5
May we shout for joy over your salvation, and in the name of our God set up our banners! May the Lord fulfill [1/2]
all your petitions! [2/2]
and... more barf. .
It's almost as though your laws are called opposite of what they are. Astounding!
Bad idea, human!  That's using people essentially as guinea pigs. If the drugs do work, the companies don't have to provide them
not sure you understand the word terminal...
dear rojo, you are one messed up person with no moral compass
To be honest, this is pretty adorable.
So glad to have you as VP!  God Bless you and your family; and your servant's heart.  I'm praying for you all.
agreed you can try hemlock any time
there's nothing affordable about the ACA. I have ins but can't afford to go to the Doctors. Costs have increased 600%
respectfully only
eleviate the strain on the insurance values
thw only way to reatorw balance to the health care system is to make the tough calls
i said life support with no one in place absolutly no chance of recovery dont twist it
You are both inept. Failures. This will be your history.
Since we are talking personal rights how about a right to die law?
RealMenOfAmerica#Pence#ArmorBearer#MAGA
Then why are you taking away their healthcare? #Fake45
A death with dignity law does not preclude people from trying to live
oh really? Sessions does not seem to agree.
Love the positive Presidential leadership. God Bless America.
@DebraMMason1 @POTUS 
This could be a good move as long as patients are protected from exploitation by drug companies...
In #Carrara in #Tuscany in #Italy was born the first political party inspired by name of the #Trump   #DonaldTrump #usa #whitehouse
If you cared about children you wouldnt have voted for Devos.
Give people a fighting chance with ACA if republicans kill it they pretty much kill people period.
You'll help terminally ill kids BUT NOT LIVING ONES.
bravo we should not ignore well documented successful treatments because they use stem cells. Legalize stem cell research & use.
please end cannabis prohibition, it is completely unconstitutional. You could create tens of thousands of careers
which is why you voted in @BetsyDeVos? Give them a chance, but make sure they are poorly educated
Have you taught your boys how to rape women and gay-bash yet? Never too early!
You are awesome! Love you for fighting for this. Can't wait to have you as POTUS in 8 years. You will be great.
Thats a pretty white poster you got there... where is your diversity? #rainbowamerica @VP @POTUS
This is a giveaway to untried therapies. You are disgraceful. But you'll own any changes to ACA. YOUR BASE WONT BE HAPPY AT ALL,!
How in the world can anyone say NO to someone in so much need??
A Right to Try is great. So is a Right to Die. Trust people.
pigs belong in open fields with slop and other pigs.  do you agree Mr. Pence?
How about supporting healthcare programs that will cover MORE children with these life altering illnesses!!!??? Please, for kids!
Gee, and let's do those death panels by destroying ACA.  Just rename the darn thing Trumpcare, and leave it alone.
| What about death with dignity, for terminally ill patients who don't want to suffer...
How about a right to healthcare? How about a right to a public education? How about a right to clean air and water? #resist
Please Legalize Medical Cannabis! We need the research and the medicinal value! Morphine comes from Poppy's so does Heroin!
CAPTION: @realDonaldTrump meets with Mike Pence. @VP @POTUS
it's fundamentally a great way to give big pharmaceutical human guinea pigs with almost no repercussions.
the left wants free everything but doesn't want to pay the taxes.
it is taken directly out of your paycheck in most countries. The tax rate is incredibly high to pay for FREE medicine.
this is where the problem is. The left cries for free medicine and handouts not realizing that it's not FREE in other countries.
Support this while cutting the ACA, you make no sense, as per usual.
@SenRonJohnson Stifling free speech #letlizspeak SHAME ON THE GOP!U do not belong in that Senate seat if u can't defend the constitution
Thank you for such a special day and for caring about boys like my son, Jordan. We love you!
111
33
You make me ashamed to be an American.
try doing it without your healthcare though
Remember these kids. You're helping to kill them by repealing ACA.
I'd like the Right to Try kicking you square in the fekking nuts for tie-breaking vote on Betsy DeVoid. Congrats of ruining edu.
Nice and very nice beautiful child's
Your unity will make it Ecclesiastes 4:9-12 
The only ones with GOOD insurance are 536 people not required to be on OBAMAHOLE CARE!
it's suits your cause because you are running out of options loser

Sobre todo los qur percent  of cancer
#IMPEACHPENCE
what are you saying.  That dismantling ACA is good for someone beside the B class?  Interesting.
We are so very proud and honored to have you as our VP. Thank you for your service to this country & your love of our LORD.
@SenRonJohnson @POTUS
After 38 years of #repression #misery, #IranianPeople are writing to you hidden behind their papers. #talkaboutthem @Iranncorg @PahlaviReza 
Unless they're are on ACA. Then they're totally fucked. At least they have a picture with the guy that murdered them.

I'm from Indiana and Proud of you both.
I hope you know that devos will close this kid's public school down. You have ruined America.
speaking of restoring hope,Pro-life is Pro-Refugee.Even Jesus & parents were Middle Eastern refugees
what about millions of terminally ill people that depend on Obamacare for a fighting chance b/c Obamacare has no $ cap? Exactly !
@Darren32895836 @POTUS https://www.google.com/amp/naturalsociety.com/new-computer-will-decide-receive-healthcare/amp/ …
BREAKING NEWS: AMERICA, BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR THE WHITE DEVILS & KISS ASSES ON THE LOOSE IN DC, #DRAINTHEMOTHERFUCKINGSWAMP2018
high five to the rich
take your homophobic ideas to the polluted coal ash river and go down with them!
The worst administration in modern times. A group hell bent on dividing this nation. #WhiteCrackers #ShowUsYourTaxes
-does the church teach u that greed is good? #fakechristian
-Pence To u & ur admin. Phony! Bunch of Nazis I hope ur happy destroying the US. Closet homo#liar#hypocrite#unchristian
... POTUS knows nothing about restoring hope. He only restores fear.
Thankyou both. God bless.
you do not support children. You just voted against every child in our country.
That's why Trump is going to take away their health care?
What about all of the other rights?
Shock Therapy does work...
who is this guy??
more than half the country thinks you're against children. The dumbing down of America is on your shoulders
thank you for supporting the Right to Try law.
You mean, like cannabis oil, which has been proven to cure cancer??
Indiana is Very Humbled & Proud of you.. Thank You
you look the kinda creep that wears hoodie to a book store and blows guys .
What fresh hell is this? I smell a rat...
Do not listen to the LOSERCRATS, keep working hard, America stand w/you.
there's a lot of white in your life isn't there?  If I were you I'd be worried about judgment day #shame on you #greed #resist
poor decision maker!
cutting Medicaid for poor immigrants?  Cutting SNAP, SSI,  WIC  you're the killers!
what about ending transgender bathroom rights?
The d.o.j. lawyer did a horrible job defending the ban. The judges ate him up. I want the ban but this was not good.
you will never dictate the people of this nation. Or discriminate against immigrants on ssdi.  I know the law.. And I will use it
My BDAY is 2/12,can U please help with getting my #instagram  account back?RETWEET #BRINGBACK #herstoryuntold
as Registered Nurse for many years. Thank you may God Bless you and yours.
You are no Evangelical Christian. I've never in my 47 years of life seen so much disobedience and enabling.  We will resist!
NICE VP PENCE
thank you for what you did 2day & what u will do for our country 2morrow.
But, do not forget the millions of terminally ill that are going to die when you take away their health insurance.
keep our President to stay the course. We need both of you to #MAGA
Please don't use terminally ill children as your props when you plan to cut their health care & destroy their hope of education.
I like the nominee but still have hard time with Feds having anything to do with education. Belongs to states
why did you take down info on animal abusers selling animals list on USDA ?
Shocking man of God. You are an aide to Trump, who mocks the sick.
VALUE LIFE! WE NEED TO DO WHATEVER NECESSARY TO HELP SAVE THESE LITTLE PEOPLE LIVES! THEY ARE OUR FUTURE LEADERS!
thank you 
or damning them to a cruel and painful death. #righttodecide
@Cheryl_P12 @POTUS Yes! Love the job your doing! Keep it up!
Puppet!
what a hypocrit, u r for denying 30 million access to health care, liar.
I'm a widower. My wife was a veteran too and died in 03. Please legalize cannabis. The VA won't treat veterans using marijuana.
RT'ed you, I'm so sorry that you've been through this. It's so important that vets with PTSD receive proper treatment.
compromise @at what cost.  WWJD
No, actually, it's fundamentally using Americans in science experiments.
so is the Affordable Care Act CHUMP
Right to try? What's that? If pre-existing terminal illness, what fighting chance will they get with NO insurance, NO HEALTHCARE.
You are killing Americans! We don't need Muslim ban. We need Republican ban! NOW!!
uguys arefilling the swamp drowning middle class and poor.let's talk about penalties for Trumps outsourcin worst offender liar!BS
what's your plan Mr. V.P.???
you just ruined the Dept of Education with a person who's just as PHONY as you! One more shitty move on your part.
Amen, fast track results = more people saved from suffering or death
@SenRonJohnson @POTUS all three of you lost all respect when confirming DeVos.
then support the affordable care act. It saves lives
You'll be remembered as a coward and a reactionary extremist.
@Republican__Man @POTUS WHY CANT SICK KIDS W BRAIN CANCER GO 2DR BURZYNSKI IN TX.CURRENTLY FORBIDDEN BY LAW! KIDS ARE DYINGBIG PHARMA!
why does djt gives u his pen every time he finishes signing an EO? Is it just bc ur worth just a few pennies?
vice president Pence we serve a good God and if all men submit to God and keep his Commandments we will have a good country
I helped my daughter w/a paper 4 school"she w/against it"@ 1st until she did the research. Cannabis Oil was 1 remarkable cure....
4 many terminally ill patients ESP VET's W/PTSP TBI helped so many w/they were sent home to accentually & expected to die......
thought I would mention this due to the amount of people "children" dying everyday from medical illnesses w/o cure-this was it.
if you're at all in favor of liberty and personal responsibility you'd be in favor of the Right to Die. Don't like it don't do it
Public Schools are an Admission by Parents that they are  Incompetent to Educate them.  No Credibility, no Standing to Complain.
