Let this bill die! If it ever manages to come up for a vote, please vote No!
Trump flipped Johnson. He is on morning shows say CBO is wrong. Who do you trust with your HC: your Dr or Trump!
Please vote on this monstrosity of a healthcare bill. This is not healthcare. It is wealth care, a precursor to a tax cut for the wealthy.
WI Johnson was flipped by Trump!  AMA and AHA strong oppose. Who do you trust with your HC your Dr or Trump!
Tax cuts for the rich at the expense of lost & more expensive health care for the poor & middle class. Look at this & justify it
And this
Well sir if  YOUR  facts are based on  ONE STUDY like you said on CNN , then your conclusions statistically really hold no water . PERIOD .
Wow

Did you know that you signed up to take away HC from the disable when you started in politics? 

How do you look people in the eye?
You are a sell out!
Thanks for laying out biggest problem o healthcare bill under consideration by Senate - hidden http://prices.Docs  can't even quote $$
What will be your tax savings next year if you implement this plan .. I will expect a tweet and let us all know ...
Thank you, Senator. Senate meeds to hold out for more (fair markets vs Gov intervention). I appreciate it. #HealthcareBill
Trump flipped Johnson. He is voting yes. He was opposed about left out of process. Afraid of Trump/Pence attack add against him. Speak out!
Thanks Susan.
Ron, its a bad bill, period. Trash it and start over. Stick to it and vote NO. It isn't a healthcare bill. Its "mean" tax reallocation.
Vote No !!!!
We conservatives want you to get the bill passed! Push for changes but by the end of the week we want something passed! Don't be a snowflake
#AttentionWhore is not a Solution. #VoteYes for Health Care.
We The People will Vote Out RINOs.
Get on board, or get voted out of senate. Its that simple
Oh Ronny... We know you're gonna vote for it. You're just holding out for an extra large bag of cash from the koch brothers.
PASS a healthcare bill. Voters expect you to negotiate and pass healthcare.  I vote.
Your self aggrandizing grandstanding obstructionism hurts America.
I saw this, & you didn't sound like you'd have a backbone when push comes to shove on this bill. Health is more important than the deficit.
Go away you crazy liberal you did not vote for Ron anyhow!!
Ron we will vote you out you Democrat!!
GOP healthcare bill is a complete disaster. 99% Obamacare. WIll increase premiums and will lead to single payer. Please stay strong.
All about making a name for Ron Johnson, right? Forget us little pawns who are stuck paying out the nose for obamacare
CUT THE CRAP. YOU PEOPLE HAD 8 YEARS AND THE CURRENT 6 MONTHS . STOP YOUR GRANDSTANDING.
Have seen you SEVERAL times on SEVERAL stations. You say the same thing every time. Showboating much?
Don't let that lunch with @SenateMajLdr today sway you to vote yes on healthcare bill. Citizens are worth more than that salad you will get.
The bill isn't CRUEL enough for Ron!
You sign this - you will personally be responsible for killing thousands of needy elderly disabled and sick kids- Genocide - really ?! Sad!
Your DC, Oshkosh and MKE office mailboxes are FULL!  I can't get through to tell you to vote no on Senate healthcare bill.

The Trump-Paul Ryan scheme makes us physically ill. 
You have the opportunity to put the people of Wisconsin first. Vote NO on Trumpcare. Your constituents' lives depend on you.
Hi! Constituent here. Instead of making the rounds, could you listen to your full voicemail boxes?

Vote no.

-Tweeted from a cancer center

Anthem CEO made $47million last year - only thing that will be bolstered is his vacation home! @GOP
Just heard u on @MorningEdition Ron, you seem to have a never-ending reservoir of #Derp to call on when discussing #Obamacare  u tell tales
Please vote no!
then just vote NO!
Thank you Senator, Please stand firm in this decision.  Any last minute tweaks they might make won't have time for a proper vetting.
Thank you Senator.  Healthcare is too important to rush this bill through without public hearings, and meaningful discussions.
If you care about Vets vote no!!!!!
Thank you! #AHCAKills
You said the bill is flawed and should be a bipartisan work.  Please don't cave under party pressure. #VoteNoBCRA Don't just talk the talk!

Thank you Senator Johnson for voting NO on the healthcare bill.  The American people are depending on you!
Devoid of facts? Does that mean you didn't read the Bill? You have time to go on TV & criticize your own Party though.
Plz sir vote no! We pay high taxes & 2k a month in premiums in priv ins. Our dd has a medical condition& the ACA would destroy us!
Senator Johnson's pre-existing condition appears to be stupidity. The best treatment is kicking him out if he votes yes on the AHCA.
TY sir for voting against AHCA
You cant vote on health care? Are you kidding? What have you been doing for 7 yrs?
You are the last of the GOP w/ some integrity left. Please, I implore you, vote no on the AHCA. The bill is a stealth assault on our health
Vote No. We've got your back.
Thank you. I hope you keep working in this direction. Hamilton asked for deliberation in Federalist No. 1.
Free market does not work for essential items. Surely you see the difference between cancer surgery and voluntary laser eye surgery?

Say No to Trumpcare for Americans everywhere!!!
Unite Republicans... Don't divide
Please think about the millions who will be harmed by this bill. Those are not American values
Vote no = Yes for Wisconsin. A no vote will keep your constituents in healthcare.
Let me suggest you get off your ass and get to work. You was sent to repeal. DO IT ALREADY!
Because it's not draconian enough to please your evilness!
We beg you to vote NO on the health care bill.
Please vote no. Wisconsin has a health care system better than many states. Accessible.  Affordable. Integrated. Please help us live healthy
The fact that you are making your case to Chuck Todd is telling in and of itself.We will remember your votintg with the Democrats.
You must vote yes, you  can  always move  forward to discuss further changes. SUPPORT YOUR  PARTY.This is so important.
Do you live in Wisconsin?  I didn't think so. Go away bot
Please don't vote for this bill. Signed, a Wisconsin voter.
We agree, and urge you to vote no on the motion to proceed - this is an important bill that should have public hearings and debate.
And your #townhall is a trainwreck just like you. A #paytoplay fool
Senator- a human life is not an automobile. Your equivalence is false; not alternative, F-A-L-S-E (that means not true).
Because Johnson is holdout for more money
You’ll lose my vote if you hold it up. Thx.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
