Your Creator would appreciate it if you cared as much for Children outside the womb. Vote no on DeVos. Do the right thing.

time to put your cowardice aside and condemn Trump's Muslim ban. Speak up senator. You work for us.
I see you're on the list of silent Senators about the Muslim Ban. Why? https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hSGjyWJZIQJpGz4V2ftX_qioCgBtL59oJkkhx146nFE/htmlview?sle=true …
Are the Republicans going to provide for the needs of children upon birth? Why do YOU speak on behalf of "the creator?"
This isn't a political issue, this is a religious choice.  Do not mix the two.  Represent your constituents, not your church.
Don't lie. You march for right to BIRTH, but fight to destroy programs that support LIFE out of the womb. #hypocrisy
Our country is being governed by executive orders. You criticized Obama.Where is your Trump outrage? Do your job!
Republicans love fetuses not kid, they love soldiers not vets.  Stand with Trump and go down!
#RefugeesWelcome #MuslimBan
@journalsentinel What about Muslim lives? Or health care & clean air for all those lives you claim to care for?
The uninsured won't have much of a right to life when you repeal the ACA
It's not pro-life .. it's Pro-Birth!
Does the right to life end after the first breath?
But why are you imposing that belief on others through law? Public beliefs should not invade private decisions or a uterus!
If you'd like you can reuse this tweet today. Just change the hashtag to #noban
Then surely you will denounce the #MuslimBan which risks the lives of innocents already uprooted by war
Muslim refugees are also endowed with the right to life. Protect the lives of ALL
What is life without freedom?
No, they are not.  They are interfering with women's right to make decisions about her own body. They should ADOPT, not protest!
please get your religion based life out of my fact based one and leave my choice alone. I want the right to choose.
are unborn live more important than persecuted lives?  Refugees MUST be allowed
But you people could care less after the child is born!!!!
Please keep your religious beliefs and your duties as an elected official separate.
Whose creator?  "Our" assumes every1 believes the same as u  Do u even know the demographics of who u are supposed to serve?
Why are you still funding abortions in Israel?
leave women's rights alone you can't get pregnant so it is not up to you
consider this perspective: https://medium.com/indian-thoughts/you-dont-march-for-life-321e1a0bb349#.ixmi57esp …
thanks for your consideration - a Wisconsin constituent
Do these children have a right to life?
That's great, but children need to be cared for AFTER they are born.  Oppose DeVos and give them a good PUBLIC education.
Separation of church and state. It is a woman's right to choose Senator. Stand up for women's rights!
right to life movement is filled with hypocrites. U r more interested in human life in womb than ppl already born.
Men should have no say over a women's body.  Next you'll take away all birth control option. you give no support after birth.
Do you believe refugees and visa-holders from seven Muslim-majority countries endowed by our Creator with the #RightToLife?
Very disappointed in your superficial flaunting of our Christian values this week Senator. #matthew25:35
If you believe in the right to life, oppose Trump's ban on allowing refugees into the US. These people want to live in peace.
You must stand up to the #MuslimBan  Their lives and your job depend on it. Also, it's just the right thing to do.
your silence on the #muslinban is deafening. This is morally reprehensible and unamerican. Stand opposed.
Lawful U.S. residents with Green Cards, immigrants and refugees have a right to life. #NoBanNoWall
You are a hypocrite. You vote against the poor and minorities by making access to birth control harder.
Not changing my mind. We have a right to choose. Not your right or others. I make my own decisions.
No. You're wrong.
what about vulnerable ppl (refugees/greencardholders/etc)? #Shameonyou for your silence in the face of injustice #NoMuslimBan
Right to life, unless you're a refugee?
Didn't change my mind. Still think refugees warrant more compassion than you are granting them. Shame on you.
what about a Syrian refugee's right to life? Why have you been silent on the issue of the #MuslimBan the last 2 days?
rnt we 2 separate church and state? There4 the rights endowed by the creator should stay in the realm of church?
why is the Breitbart publisher making American immigration policy & also added to the National Security Council ?
you are ignoring your own voters. Please speak out against Muslim ban and stand up for ACA.
the world is watching.  #boycottfoxentertainment
couldn't find one tweet supporting your position here...better start listening to your constituents.
When will you stop funding abortions in Israel?
HYPOCRITE! U do not care about human life or children as U stand by & allow #MuslimBan to happen. How do you sleep at night? Ur no christian
If U cared so much about life why do you allow a ban on people, kids, babies who are dying overseas, trying 2 escape war? UR a hypocrite.
My 2-time cancer-survivor daughter also has a right to life. Leave the #ACA alone.
@GOP @VP @mike_pence Your President has undercut your message with refuge ban. Or is "Christian" life all you care about.
It's not murder. You were voted into office to represent ALL people in WI. Not just the one's who believe in your creator.
What about Muslim lives? Your Creator created them too. Please stand up for what's right and stop the #MuslimBan
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, to me: 
I lift my lamp beside the golden door.” What are you going to do?
“Give me your tired, your poor, 
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, 
The wretched refuse of your teeming shores.
As a constituent of yours, I am incredibly disappointed in you. Refugees deserve life too. As do the already born.
.@SenRonJohnson you and others do not have the right to my body. Choice is the only answer.
Do the kids born in Syrian during a civil war have right to life? Should  we not protect those lives also? Stand for liberty
Are you Pro-Life or AntiAbortion If ProLife it is  you responsibility to see that the care of the baby does not end at birth.
and the refugees your president just denied resettlement? Do their lives matter?
do refugees have a right to life?
Yes, they're making us realize we still have to fight like hell for our bodily autonomy. We won't go back.
beautiful but insincere words. Need to Help ppl from cradle to grave to live w dignity
Marching for birth, not life. Life means long term care for child's heathcare, nutr, shelter, educ, (k-college) & parents!
Maybe your creator, not mine.
meanwhile, back in WI, @WIGOPSenate wants to take away food from children living in poverty #christianvalues
Yeah, things like food and housing conservatives "don't want to pay for it".
Probirth is not Prolife. You are a hipocrite. Do not allow the end of the ACA.
Addendum: 
OBGYN healthcare is healthcare. 
Abortion is a medical treatment.
That is all.
You write #RightToTry legislation, but don't support a woman's right to make her own healthcare decisions? Make up your mind!
refugees and poor women (to name just a few) are endowed with those same rights. What are YOU doing to help them?
the marchers are the voice of the innocent unborn.
Do refugees fleeing a war they did not cause also have a right to life?
you say you support the vulnerable in our population -- what about women w/o access to good healthcare? #IStandWithPP
so does our Creator also endow us with the right to healthcare & safety? Does our Creator endow refugees w the right to life?

@FFRF #FreedomFromReligion #SeparationClause #NotMyCreator Please stop forcing your religious beliefs on other people.
no they are making the rest of us more resolute in our fight for own bodies
Wisconsin Resident with a Q: if we do not share the same beliefs, why do your creator's laws apply to me?
still waiting for a reply.
My Body - My Choice! The majority of Americans believe  politicians have no place in private medical decisions #WomensMarch
Thank you Senator Johnson for your support on the right to life! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Trump45
Does *your* creator also endow Muslim refuges the right to live?
Separation of church and state, you do not have the right to sign laws imposing your religious beliefs on me.
Do you have a #VAGINA? Are you a #VAGINA DOC? No??? Then don't make laws about #VAGINAS. Oh and remember the separation of
this is garbage
Separation of church and state please. Your religion may not be the same as someone elses
Does that right to life extend to refugees? Because if we won't take them here, they will not live.
Then surely you're not going to dismantle our healthcare or support blocking refugees, right?
outlawing abortions doesnt really stop abortions, it increases death rates in poor, young women who have back-alley abortions
there is so much stuff on the market if a woman does not want to get pregnant.
What about life after birth? Do we have rights then, too? Or do we turn our backs on kids and families in need?
You are only pro-birth. You do not support education, healthcare or other basic services needed by children of all ages.
