I think 400,000 Wisconsinites are more worried about losing their healthcare right now than leaks!
Who are they?  And be careful of those rights what the government give us the government can take it away
I hope we get more leaks!!!  This corrupt lying money launderer in collusion with Putin needs to be impeached now!
The GOP is complicit with the takeover of America by a tyrant!
Seems a bit odd to count the number rather than the content.

Ummm.....maybe if there weren't so much to leak.......just sayin...
Trump is the leaker to the Russians!

Congressional response to individuals who challenge the privileges within the #DeepState. 

Support @realDonaldTrump and #MAGA!!
Sore loser leaks
It simply points to the holdover Obama bureaucrats who could care less about America's national security as they try to destroy Trump.
So what are you doing about it
Deep State knows Trump going after Obama and his spying/Unmasking cronies. Trying to protect him by getting Trump ousted.
Instead of statistics maybe you could just help find Lakers and get rid of all holdovers. Voters do not forget.
Right on brandy
NSA has information on everything.  The watchers need to start being watched.
I don't respect him either
when the leakers prevent a nuclear war or russian hack of our power grid perhaps you'll grow some and stop playing partisan hack
You've published several tweets about this topic, but haven't given your thoughts on why you believe it is happening. What r your thoughts?
These leaks are all anonymous voices in news readers heads. No one will come out and put their name behind any of the #FakeNews
77% of Americans want protections for pre-existing conditions!
I think Wisconsinites with pre-existing conditions are more worried today about losing their healthcare if you vote for #Trumpcare #Wealthca
Bush 41, Clinton, Bush 42, Obama were all Globalists. Globalist leftovers trying to hurt Trump. You're trying to hurt Trump too. WAF RINO!
Too many traitors in the Deep State group plus those 5th columnists planted by Obama to continue his wrecking of America on Soros Orders.
Unfortunately, they were all leaked by the democrats and Comey.
12% of Americans support #Trumpcare!!!
"Potential" security leaks. Information leaks yes, but your own report states "potential" national security, not actual. Stop fearmongering
yes! Trump gave the Russians some great leaks when they were in the oval office!
Proof Please?
Read the report. I only quoted what was in it.
Why didn't you support him during the election? Shameful, you are lucky you could ride on his "coattails" or you wouldn't have a job 
You sponsored a Whistleblower Protection Bill.
Obama's security leaks were just NOT reported and his administration is CONTINUING their mayhem now!
Hillary cartel alone had more than 8 leaks, nice try though
They've been advised to resist by their previous bosses!
Obama and his minions set this up before he left office.  No doubt.  I hope something is being done behid the scenes to stop this.
#DeepState at work. Definitely NOT a coincidence!
Yes and thank God for that, this administration is dishonest and unethical.
Stop the leaks
@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr and most of the GOP are complicit with Trump's collusion with Russia!
Start putting away "leakers" This is so ridiculous. You have Obama running around being the "shadow president" & his holdovers leaking
Spying, unmasking, lowering classification levels and encouraging leaks by Obama has something to do with it.
are you for that...?
Gotta get those Obama holdovers out and prosecute them
START TO PRESS CHARGES!!! What are you waitlng for??!!!
Hmmm...just a hunch, but perhaps nobody had reason to think that their country was being gutted and sold to the highest bidders???
and pray tell why?  self-loathing Haters who can't see past their nose and self-centered agenda. Time to #DrainTheSwamp
Bad management look to the top
Hey Mr. Propaganda Spreader: if Trump wasn't a complete corrupt disaster, there wouldn't be leaks. Maybe focus on the real problem.
So, what does that tell you about the trust that @potus has instilled in everyone? No one trusts him, and they know he is a danger to U.S.
Imo, this is largely due to Obama's last minute relaxation of security rules re dissemination of intelligence to wider pool of recipients.
Bring leakers to justice #ProsecuteLeakers
That's not saying much of your record as chair of security is it?
Maybe someone is trying to tell us something?

#25thAmendmentNOW
Leaking is illegal no matter who you voted for.....
Obama changed the way NSA intel is shared, allows globally intercepted comms. to be disseminated across the entire intelligence community.
This gives us hope that some sanity still lives on Washington. #45LeakersAreHeroes #45isIncompetent #45isDangeroustotheUS #Impeach45
So Senator, what's going on? Who is responsible for the atmosphere at the White House? What's the plan to curb leaks?
What's w/ the new found interest in leaks? Is this your distraction while you pull your bullshit fake on health care? Don't u even!
Obama holdovers, drain the swamp!
#DrainTheSwamp
It's very sad when people's hatred for one person outweighs their love of country. These need to be stopped. USA needs to come first.
Don't you think that could that be due to the multitude of ethical and legal issues coming out of this administration?
Once the Obama acolytes are weeded out of the National Security hierarchy, the incident numbers will drop like rocks. #KillTheDeepState
Trump's inconsistent temperament & policy tweets/rants & many investigations by 2018 the "Donald" will probably resign. Is this by design?
So is something going to be done about it, or just count them up and complain about them.
Might be time to prosecute the bastards risking our national security for political gain? #traitor
Why are the deep state dems such rotten eggs?  It hurts the USA people. Grow up !!!!!!!!
The hysterical responses here are priceless. Obama wiped his rear end with the Constitution & weaponized the IRS.  No concern from press.
This one is easy just flush out the Obama holdovers and prosecute to the limit of the law those you catch
bcuz the rabid hateful immoral veritaphobic criminals of the Demwit party desperate, bless their hearts. 
@SharylAttkisson Make every single employee take lie detector test.
#DeepState
How many are from Obama holdovers vs Trump administration?
Stop talking and put somone on trial. If someone is arrested and charged this will stop.
The leaks are obama hold outs and deep state. So there's that.
The swamp needs flushed not just drained.
Obama holdovers and treason--run by Obama
Yes senator,we know.U can't tell me that it's purely a coincidence when buffoon in the oval is on a personal cell running his mouth all day
Seems Trump's regime is totally incompetent.
We are now following the Bannon world view. Senator how do you like them apples? Hint: not republican
It's different when the President himself is undermining national security
So Ronny why do you think this is happening?  The professionals in govt are appalled by this Admin.  When will you put country over party.
Thanks for the list. How many came from Trump himself? How many listed but not classified? How many just revealed Trump "communications".
Hold overs from Obama admin?
Higher threats to national security and incompetent/dysfunctional executive management will cause a spike like that.
Notice that there was no "deep state" from Clinton leaking Bush admin items? Because this isn't a partisan thing. It's bad Trump people.
Trump staff is working in a dysfunctional setting, they are smart enough to know they are in collusion if they don't get info out.
Did you count the top Intel that was given by Trump to his Spy handlers Kislyak & Lavrov in Oval in front of TASS While Russia laughed
That Obama, Hillary did not tell you the leaks does not mean no leaks. Of cause, you are on their side.
You said that people that are leaking could go to prison?  Does that include Donald, as he has leaked sensitive information to the public?!
Why sit alone somewhere tweeting about this instead of out meeting your constituents to hear about their concerns? WI residents have many!
I'm shocked....NOT.  PURGE!
The two prior admins weren't kowtowing to the Russians.  Might that explain the discrepancy?  I say, leak away, ye patriots!
I've heard more from you on this topic than health care, taxes, infra. When are you having a real townhall to hear your constituents?
So what is your point? What I see from this is Trump is a shitty leader.
So its official, he's a leaker.
I bet your boss tomorrow will screw up in his meeting with putin
We'll never know until too late!  Only 6 people in the room!
It bc Obama set all these in place for @realDonaldTrump who would most certainly repeal and toss out O's policies.GWB didn't zip 2O;painted
Maybe transparency and honor at the top would reduce the need for such leaks. This is hardly a typical admin...
And we the people will never forget that you stand behind Trump %.
Looks like @realDonaldTrump can't be trusted
Well it's because the GOP is all #paytoplay and could give a rats a$$ about the people they represent

Great stat... and what are you and the other feckless Senators doing about it??? Oh right posting on Twitter... DO YOUR JOB DAMN IT!!!!!!!!!
Creation of useless graphs has gone up a lot under this administration, too. Why don't you have a town hall so we can all discuss together?
If we are setting up a commision on graph usage I feel Ross Perot should be involved.
a good reason for not handing over voter data
What will you or the Senate do about it?
Curious, why you're not as outspoken on Russian Cyber war on our democracy & the Trump Administration's possible involvement. #ImpeachTrump
That's because your administration has no idea what it's doing.
It's because people don't trust Trump, and Congress is failing to rein him in. Balance of power & checks/balances failing. No other choice.
The medical term is: diaper change procrastination clown trash
So what are you doing about it?
Your gov is turning on you cus they know you're a bigger threat than Russia. Aiding and Abetting , Ron. When @POTUS goes down don't be close
It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that Trump is ignorant and has the attention span of a flea. He could care less about bills!!
People r seriously concerned about this President's fitness to be in that office. He went to Poland and threw our press & prior Prez & ...
... intel community under the bus. IT ISN'T APPROPRIATE FOR ANY PRESIDENT TO DO THAT! I blame you in Congress because u all offer...
him tribute in accepting his antics and stoking his ego!!!
Why don't you join the Democrat party...in fact the Wisconsin Republician party should change names and think I sent you clowns money
https://twitter.com/InTheYear1611_/status/883062390270693377 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #No AHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
