I need Warm Hug as well , can you ?
Weak Mike. U could not convince Congress/Senate on health care. Too nice a guy. Cruz was the better pick for VP because u r awful
I don't agree.  He was very firm over the last two days and I still think this is similar to House where they said dead then suddenly a deal
He did not get the job done Jeff. For some reason I do not trust him. My gut tells me he has his own agenda and not firmly behind our Pres.
It's not over. This is posturing. Remember house. Ryan was done, deal dead, then VOILA! A deal.
Hope you are right Jeff.
Watch "Lincoln". This stuff is difficult and takes time, often more than 6 months.
Right to Try is another sham by this administration and GOP cronies.
Lol wtf is wrong with people who believe it's a sham? If a patient wants to try a new experimental treatment, let them. Its not your choice.
Reasonable regulations are necessary. Period.
He is man who uses Christianity to sell his snake oil.  Fake
If Obamacare isn't repealed and replaced this year we are going to hang it around republican's necks like an albatross in the mid terms.
lol what a joke they used the uneducated the uniformed the racist to hate something b/c a black man provided it
You are nothing but a flim flam man like your daddy Trump
Why, what fact causes you to tweet that? I bet I can prove your feelings are based on an MSM twisty-lie. Really.
No, it's because he's not a sycophant willing to give up his principles to hold onto power. He's a war hero. What have you done for America?
Daddy Donald told him war heroes don't get captured, though.
Thank you from patients everywhere!!
Millions will loose coverage, premiums will skyrocket even more, plans will be bare bones and not cover crap- hey the wealthy get a tax cut
What do u think @ young & low paid w/ no assets being forced to buy insurance so people w/ assets can have cheaper insur/keep their assets?
If they are low paid they qualify for subsidies.  ACA clearly needs tweaked 2 bring down premiums but it's better than millions loosing care
Do you think if there was a free market that the cost of hcare would go up or down?
Why don't you read the research on it. Premiums and costs slowed under ACA. Hard to believe but it is a fact.
Duk amount of tax dollars were transferred fm other legally funded agencies to pay for it? Duk thoz w/o are forced to pay 4 people w/ homes

Why wd anyone believe CBO after their disastrous ObamaCare projections vs reality?
Right to try law? How about a right to have healthcare law? Your deathcare plan is unacceptable.
Well I can't afford health care anymore that's to Obama care . So any plan has to be better
This dead plan was going to increase your premiums even more, especially with a pre-existing condition. Not better.
If it increases it I will still not have insurance lol . #noconstructionworkersintenyears
My heart have been hurt by Mongolias for 5 years... Pence, can you give me hope a fighting chance?
How will you get your obscenely rich insurance co ceos to pay for it?  Or is this more empty lip service?  @Aetna @Humana @BCBSAssociation


BCRA's impact on uninsured rate in the main wavering senators' states:

WV +299%…
Pence knows this, he doesn't want his followers to believe it.  He is a snake
His followers deserve to know.
45% of tRumplings don't believe djt,Jr had the meeting his own emails proved.
 The willfully blind/ignorant will never accept Dolt is dirt.

Is there a Ralph's nearby?  We'll need 48 large Folger's coffee cans.
Every single bill a republican pushes does just the opposite of what it says.  There needs to be a law about honest representation of bills.

#FakeChristian. How is ur legal fund coming along?
When your are going to die  you would try anything and should have that right to try...nothing to loose
Look folks, the reality here is that no one really knows what this legislation will accomplish because no one can predict human behavior.
We need to get these liars out of the WH AND have a whole new election
Then maybe you should try actually winning some elections. You guys lost over 1k seats nationwide + house & senate during Obama term.
I despise this presidency, but I can't see why this isn't awesome? That being said hypocritical not to legalize marijuana, which is proven.
Pharma doesn't like paying for expedited reviews. RTT is good in theory but opens the gates for snake oil to desperate patients. Tough call.
Fair enough,  but it if I'm dying & no options, pass me the snake oil. And...if correctly monitored, bad snake oil would be short lived.
If that snake oil causes you to die an agonizing death in front of your family?
Like I said. Really tough call. Patients are desperate for a reason and hope is a great thing but so many snakes, already. Sorry.
Who is paying for the snake oil?
Trumps golf clubs.
This bill will give TERMINALLY ILL access to drugs that have passed phase 1 of FDA trials. How does that benefit anybody but the patient?
Liar. You'd rather take his healthcare away.
If you discovered the mortality (death) rate was up since ObamaCare started would you change your mind about ObamaCare?
Sure. But since it's the opposite then I'm not worried.
Do you have a link for that? http://thefederalist.com/2017/04/25/running-numbers-mortality-rates-suggests-obamacare-killing-people/ …

2:50 Listen to real crickets sounds slowed down
Well, your president seems to be in favor of letting others have a right to die, by calling for a repeal-and-not-replace healthcare.
The FDA has approved many drugs that are now taken off the market because they are deadly. their stamp of approval is very low.
How many people have died because they were blocked by needless government red tape.
Of course U do! U guys seem 2 support everything that protects big biz over & above the every day citizen & consumer who thinks yer helping
.@VP Trumpdumpcare is alive and well. Dumping millions at one time, laughing as they try to get back on healthcare, not gonna happen #Health
We must take little Charlie from England to give him a least a chance to live it appauls me that England's courts will not side the parents


Goes along with the zany religious beliefs you like to impose on others.
Need HealthCareBill that meets 21&22 Century needs. Another words 1 that's timeless. Gov give strict guidelines so we're NOT gorged by Insur
Really? Because that totally looks like a pre-existing condition to me.

Great, what's next? I'm betting it's not "carousel" unless you're also exempt from that
Repeal it,  or let it die on its own!
Wouldn't it be lovely if we could all just comment on the content of the tweet?
Here's an idea...for ONCE, try 2 legislate for people and NOT corporate greed!  U r the worst kind of Christian. Shame on you.
So long as they don't try anything Gay, right?
Shame on you that you should support us only in death and not with healthcare in life

Why. Because they'll have no other choice when you take away their healthcare???
Сделано в России, Крук.
... @VP  wants to do butt stuff... Now he'll be able to!
You're supporting something you don't understand. This hurts, not helps, vulnerable and dying patients.  Would be happy to discuss...
This isn't about you. It's not being forced on patients. If they want to try new treatments, let them. It's not your call.
Have you no decency?
WTF are you even talking about, lying racist vulgarian #2
Oops! I think yall are working on the "right to lie" law instead. That's all you two do - LIE!
Wrong
#CRIMINAL#FAKEPOTUS#FAKEADMINISTRATION#LOCKHIMUP
Do you actually think we are that stupid to fall for your lies? Cutting 800 billion from Medicaid isn't prevention it's called mass murder.
I believe the Senate just shot themselves in the foot.
We the people will remember in Nov.
Do a clean repeal of Obummercare.
A clean slate.
From our vice liar in chief
And it would be the patient's choice obviously. Don't see why even a Dem would fight this
Because they oppose anything this admin says. Trump could discover a cure for cancer and liberals would still bitch about it.
Do you support their right to try if they can't afford your shitty healthcare??
When the VP mentions my pledge brother 

So  UNBORN FETUSES have more rights,RIGHT WINGERS,,so let's experiment with terminally adults and kids, if meds don't WORK watch them suffer
@SenRonJohnson @POTUS bogus law that hides behind religion. We are not fooled by the lies. Wicked men.
Yep. You'll support their right to try, but won't pay a dime for it. What a bunch of hypocrites!
Except LGBTQ families, muslim families, dem families or real news families!
So you are going to gamble with this man's life??? Some holy man you are
Don't believe Pence, he's a pathological liar, like Trump. Trumpdontcare will kill us 
Let's kill the bill before they get a chance.
Only the disgusting #TrumpCare bill will effectively make it impossible for average Americans to afford cutting edge treatments. #StopLying
But will he have insurance coverage for his try?
Please convince Republicans in Senate to cut out the insurance subsidees in the health care bill. Don't need another entitlement package!
YOU SIR are a pathological liar too!
Well they will know who to blame when they figure out how you screwed them big time?
You are kidding, right?
You're under federal investigation while using human beings as props. Gross.
Can you put pressure on Japan to NOT allow the Tritium to be dumped into the Pacific? It WILL eventually reach our western shores/fish!
Is this covered under proposed Trumpcare insurance? Just curious. I hope so.
Does your health care plan pay for these experimental treatments? Or are you just providing desperate lab test subjects?
Keep up the good Medical work so that this family, in 6 months will live in a tent on their state capitol's front lawn. Bless u all - ss 4 u
Why do you lie on TV like trump
Resign maybe you can become the vice president in the federal prison bathroom
What are you gassing about now
You don't give a damn about American working families. Cutting taxes for the rich is your only focus.

You mean Human Guinea Pigs Law.
@POTUS & @VP thank you for your continued and steadfast support of #RightToTry and patient centered reform of the FDA, both for the Mongello
I like that statement, Right to Try. Sounds good to ME. 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #DonTheCon #impeachTrumpPence #TreasonousTrump #womwanshealthcare #boycotttrump #russianHookers
#MakeOurPlanetGreatAgain #Investigate & #Impeach  @WhiteHouse #TrumpRussia @JaredKushner #PERSiST  #MadeInAmericaWeek #LockHimUp
Here for what's ur maning faces instrutter say for the world that a national anthem
Adding scrutiny scrutiny to the content to the nation that issues a self working investment uman rights
Here for taking out the Pedos pips taking out eval rever loushon and poplushon of the no smoking ban
We're the scrutiny and scrutiny to the content to the nation that issues a self working investment uman rights
Cupal of role model as nation of ur maning faces under bush trump Obama
as what do you say as nation of ur maning faces instrutter for the next generation
Keep lying and your God will appropriately punish you!
Issues the wiman and kids a self working investment uman rights wimans rights
It save lives issues a brighter greener future for the next generation adding scrutiny and scrutiny to the content to the nation that
Delete your account. You are the biggest liar of the whole lying WH staff!
You can't get anything done...
Thank you, Vice President Pence for keeping your word and caring about this. Sending Love from Laura and Jordan McLinn, Indianapolis 
Only ones buying this lie are those who can afford it
Hi SmartPpl IvyLeague children, UAnalyze ME Remember iAmMther Of 1ofU&Agram ofAnother.Bye4nowbtw @POTUS wonIsWinning Me2
Yes, let's bring new meds to patients who need them. But Big Pharma cares about profit, not patients. Right to Try removes protectons.
How about a "right to try you in a court of law for conspiracy, obstruction of justice, and racketeering?"
Pence you are a fool. These laws are empty and pathetic. You need to support health care that will give citizens REALISTIC options for care.
You're a DAMN LIAR ABOUT THE HEALTHCARE BILL! VP Pinocchio

Werent u called out by a republican governor for giving out false info abt healthcare, oh well u dont care i guess.
Liar
#25thAmendmentNow #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #RussianCollusion #PenceMetWithRussians #PenceKnew #Treason #25thAmendmentNow #TheResistance

When will we see @HillaryClinton @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC arrested for #ratlines #AwanBrothers #NGPVAN #DU #SILKWAY and so much more?

Support the Common man come down to the inter city of basically any major city like NYC or Chicago or LA. These parts of the us need hope
pence graduated w/o honor from trump u school of lying, sad, evil #AfterBirthOfSatan
https://twitter.com/senatedems/status/885533596676763649 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police Chief Probst (Star City): Medicaid cuts will force West Virginians to wait for opioid treatment. “That’s not going to help anybody” 
What is this?
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
Thank you. It's surprising that Pence is acting on this. It requires more thought than he usually exhibits nowadays, working with Trump.
u r welcome! Pence is a true beliver that this legislation will help people. Unfortunately, he's wrong.
No, it is not. His cap would have been surpassed early on.
Why do you look so incredibly angry at that little boy??
The boy interrupted his "lunch" with a woman who is not his wife - or was it a man...?
Thank you Mike. This is awesome news for all of us living with ALS.
I'm torn on this. FDA has expedited approval that still protects desperate patients from hucksters.
https://med.nyu.edu/pophealth/divisions/medical-ethics/compassionate-use …
So your "pro choice"?
Do you think that you will go to the same prison as Trump? I hope you do so that you have to see his stupid face everyday. 
You know ACA is not "failijg" not a "disaster" but you lie to Americans for political gain! There is empiracle data contradicting U! Read it
Yup.

How about we just try you and the rest of the crooks in the administration for treason you shitbird.
You lied about Flynn, you're guilty and you're going down with Trump
what happened to your Captive Nations Week? Another lie, Pencey?
We're tired of your empty promises. Please don't let us d0wn on this one

God Bless You. President could not have picked a better partner
You're circumventing the #FDA and potentially injuring or killing children and adults with life threatening illnesses. Unconscionable.
Think you sire
You support you. That's it.
How about a law against #MedicalKidnapping , there not 1st family to be held hostage by hospital & govt entity
Least curious VP still peddlin in healthcare disinformation.  Couldn't vett foreign agent, now Americas healthcare expert - ZERO Cred.

Do you have any additional thoughts on the Russion assistance as the head of the transistion team or are you still denying it at this time?

God does NOT approve of all your blatant lies.  
Shame on you!
Do you support giving our national security over to the Russians too? Sure seems that way.

You guys have the right to try being honest for once and accepting responsibility for your mistakes.
Then you & your family jump to the head of the line & start trying these yet to be certified as safe drugs. Like the canaries in the mine
Full of crap- Jesus is even ashamed. Let's call it what it is-tax cut for the wealthy at everyone else's expense. Not fooling us #Pence
You were a failed Governor in Indiana-they couldn't get rid of you fast enough you #sycophant & now you're headed for prison! #LockHimUp
next step: Right to Try Marijuana law. #legalizeit
Every word that comes out of you & @POTUS mouth is #FakeNews! You guys are #pathological! Lie Lie Lie America is sick of #Liars! #PenceKnew
VP Fraud.  #illegitimateVeep #comradepotus #illegimatePotus
People would respect you more if you stopped lying.  We know what's in the bill!
We got to wait on John McCain a true traitor to the Republican Party

Which of these companies do you have $$ in?  Secondly the American people have a Right to try and remove you and Trump from the White house.
To remove Pres Trump would be a major mistake. Liberals want to give the country to all the illegal immigrants. Trump is trying to save it..
Waukegan wont have enough money for books. Salaries of Fraud employees. $100,000 per year. Head count top down. 6 total a 1school is 600,000
Over funded via corruption in needs of detail of data. 3/4 migrants. Americans need books & Mexico go home! Unfit for @Ford nasty Lawyer ©
Contract management systems specialist knowledge. Positions limited at HR. Persons performance is outrageous. Brought degree verification©™®
Build platform to transfer acts of trafficking illegal behaviors related to legal services domain. Off the market @RussiaConnects Failure ©
Trafficking transcripts. Billing bilingual services as educational right for students who belong elsewhere. Hold funds until comply™®©all
@POTUS44 @ABAesq @ABALitigation punish completely. Frauds of city employees ' u driving trucks.©®™ @ChicagosMayor dragged in to piss today
Funding law is et al. Deficits hospitals corruption linked in healthcare practices of public services. No bypassing.
@USSupremeCourt i only understand crime. Outlawed behaviors. Funding terrorist treason®™©

Worst #Lying #fakevicepresident ever.
You are so full of
He's a lucky one! What about the working poor and the elderly!!!!! Also the handicap and ones who can't find a job!!! Yinz jagoffs!!!!!!!!!!

