By voting "yes" for DeVos you put her money ahead of the children in Wisconsin's public school system.
I'm going to look up his office schedule, show up and express my disgust peacefully at town hall mtg
That's what we need to do if we really want to be heard.  Great plan!
Yup, over and over again. He will be so glad to be out after 6 years if he doesn't quit before then.
Unfortunately you did not listen to your constituents. Worst choice for Sec of Ed ever. #MoneyTalks
Bought and paid for you shameless fraud. Prepare to get primaried you corrupt hack.
by who a libtard? Yeah right America is front and center. Not out of bounds left
name calling? No no. Libtard is it. Wear it. And believe me next term will be more conservatives
Good trolling Ivan but it's late in Moscow you should get to bed. People are blocking this account to minimize its impact.
I'm only worried about here in America
You voted yes because you received almost $50,000. You put your own interests ahead of Wisconsin families.

, how did we re-elect you?
Gerrymandering and voter suppression.
Gerrymandering isn't really a thing for senators though. How DID this guy get re-elected?
Ads paid for by the Koch Brothers and # from Betsy! $48,600
coward. How much did your vote cost??
About the same cost as my student loans.
she wouldn't know anything about "students" or "loans".
Oh right, she has never worked in education or used aid for herself or her kids. Must be nice.
yeah; born a millionaire, married a billionaire. Bought her job w/$200M.
$200m. The cost of our nation's future.
karma is a thing. They WILL be held accountable, in one life or another.
This is like saying "Everyone deserves clean drinking water, so I dumped this bucket of anthrax in the sewer."
As a WI resident, I'm ashamed to call you senator. We all know why you voted for her....FOLLOW THE MONEY $$$$$
she doesn't know a thing about her job. Just like you. Perfect pair #ourdumbsenator
DeVos selection damages public school system. You are accountable for this vote & every other hurting citizens.
seriously you are worried about your party affiliation and don't listen to your constituents. Bad move senator!
hope that 50k keeps you warm when you lose your seat. #boughtpolitician #brokensenator
embarrassing to Wisconsin you voted for Devos! She does not stand for every child, who are you kidding? $$$???
You let someone buy a political position today.  What the hell?  You work for us.  WI will remember this.
this isn't the first time, but we're onto him now.
The you definitely voted against our children.
.@SenRonJohnson @BetsyDeVos yet U voted Y 4 Devos w/NO experience Public Ed as student parent or teacher BC of her zip code. #hypocritical
sounds great in theory, but nobody will be able to afford it, so the middle class loses again. Wake up people!
Enjoy while you can you and your puppet republicans unwilling to listen to the people are soon up for relection
having voted for you twice I am going to say I am very disappointed you voted yes for @BetsyDeVos.
deeply disappointed in your decision.
Political leanings aside your job is representing your constituents, which you are clearly not doing. Hope the $ was worth it
your vote does exactly the opposite.
When is your seat up for re-election? Good luck! #NoonDeVos
we are stuck with this shill.
you are disgusting. That vote was bought and paid for.
who will pay the transport to the schools they pick out??
you have got to be kidding me. At least we know now where your actual morals lie.
yet vouchers have failed Mikwaukee's students for 20 years & you turn your back on the real evidence.
is incompetent with no understanding education. Public school money to go to religious schools. Islam, too? Yup!
You should have abstained. Your vote was bought. #zeroethic
You mean you SOLD your yes for $48,600.
This Will Cost You Your Job and Continued Blind Support of Trumps Dismantling of our Constitution is Treason!
first rate education? What about those who can't afford it?!?
money well spent, huh?

cc: @Alanis
your vote for DeVos is moronic--she is opposed to public education, and completely unqualified.
Clear the goal is to kill the DOE.  WI education is firmly on your head.  Thought you were a better man
silly rabbits!
your vote proves that you are bought & paid for & care nothing for our students & your constituents #2018
every single country kicking our butt in education has public. Dictators have private and uneducated masses. Jerk
that's what the Trump regime wants, uneducated, loyal subjects that believe everything they say.
This is a joke, right?
She bought your vote.  No experience.
at least we know it only takes $48,600 to buy your vote.  Pathetic
yep!
So what does that actually mean?
ur full of it. keeps stealing wis school money. You aught to be ashamed of yourself
that you believe in school-choice is one thing, but this individual was unqualified. Should have been an easy "NO".
So how in the world does voting an incompetent like DeVos help?
He doesn't care.  His children are grown and probably went to private school.
.@SenRonJohnson @BetsyDeVos you are garbage with absolutely no knowledge of how education works.
Are you a teacher? US ranked 28th in the world. Bad ROI with current system. Time for change!
.
hey thanks for the fact. Here is another one LA public schools ranked 51st in US.
Vote was so very disappointing. You didn't listen
This explains a lot
ironically that is a reason to vote no, but, you know. We will remember this in six years.
Today you just confirmed that I will be voting for whomever runs against you. You should be ashamed.
he said he wasn't going to run again. He doesn't care! The whole GOP are shameful!
you, sir, are a fucking idiot.

you've ruined the education of millions of children. get ready to lose your seat at midterm elections #devospledge
we're stuck with this bozo for six years? ugh. heck yeah I support her! at least we've got one dem
exactly why I will be voting NO for you. sold out for $48k money talks. So do voters. Enjoy your final term.
Okay, yes to DeVos, yes to Sessions and yes to silencing a female Senator. Women are watching you and we remember
so disappointed in you.
.@SenRonJohnson @BetsyDeVos yikes
and you want us to believe that she will provide it? You are an embarrassment to Wisconsin
Let's just abolish job interviews if that's how you view hiring procedures should go!
Thx 4 the reply 2 my email where u said we shouldnt "speculate on possible actions or policies" of a DeVos Ed Sec
...except those children with disabilities, right? Charter schools don't have time/money for that!
Per Stanford University study-17% of charters do better than public and 37% do worse. I don't like those odds.
your #alternativefacts are appalling. I'm #BeloitProud. Hands OFF public education.
have you been given the Answer yet? Hint: ivanka.
This is not something to be proud of. A person with 0 education experience can't help schools, as shown by this confirmation
you are traitors to our children. I don't know how you sleep at night. Public education is a human right.
I am ashamed to say I voted for you. Never again.
300 million people in this country and this Cabinet is what we are showing the rest of the world is our best?!
You put party lines, campaign funding before wisconsin children. You will not see my vote. #nextelection
And she knows what exactly about public education? NOTHING. Nice job towing the party line.
that's an unfortunate vote.
if that were the case you should have listened to the people and voted no.
hope you enjoyed being a Sen. because I don't see Wisconsin voting you back in. #Prick
then why did you just damn millions of children about to be screwed by your decision. Public schools will decline
DeVos? FOR SHAME! A vote 4 unqualified hack, AGAINST 90% of kids. REPUBS=nonpatriots! Voters=watching. GOP=OVER. Nice legacy
If you truly cared about high-quality education for all Wisconsin children, you would have voted no.
how is this true.
Unqualified and shame on you for not listening to the majority of your constituents, putting $ over people.
I see you left income out
You voted for an unfit crony, doing harm to Wisconsin schools & children. We will not forget this. #DumpJohnson
disgusted in the #gop - that woman is an embarrassment to hardworking educated women worldwide.
Hey thanks for selling us out!  I hope like hell that 48k bribe you accepted goes towards our low income schools
You will not get my vote or my family & friends votes. We're donating to your opponent. There are consequences.
DeVos to Roll Call in '90s. Now I simply concede the point. They are right. We expect a return on our investment
heartless, corrupt, greedy. Buying a YES to say NO to public education and children's future. Shameless
will this pay for bussing??
those statements directly contradict one another
that's just it yes they will get left behind Tax dollars will start going into charter schools just like in Wi.
The best money can buy.
What a piece of work you are. You did not listen to your voters.
my man, Wisconsin is gonna toss you hard
.@SenRonJohnson so you'll let @BetsyDeVos abandon the public school system the middle class depends on? do we need $50k to buy your vote?
You sold out the children of WI for $48,600 despite your state overwhelmingly saying NO. 53531
I don't think RoJo can see this since your account is protected.
he hangs on my every word
I thought we could change him once we elected him
Did you cash your check for $48,000 from the Devos family before or after you cast your vote?
As no charter school, regardless of its failings, should have rules on it to monitor them or impede their profits
RoJo pays attention only to the people who give him lots of money.  The good people of Wisconsin are thrown under the bus.
your vote for @BetsyDeVos was based solely on party affiliation not qualifications! Good luck keeping your seat in the senate

After 38 years of #repression #misery, #IranianPeople are writing to you hidden behind their papers. #talkaboutthem @Iranncorg @PahlaviReza 
Hey Ronny! Maybe the GOP can just send me the catalog? would love to buy some DC influence!! USA USA
Hey Ronny! Maybe a cabinet position is out of my price range... what's avail for like $800?
Hey Ron! How much do I have to donate to get a cabinet position? who do I make the check out to???
this would have been a chance to vote with the will of the people. Instead, party politics. We deserve better.
You're on our list. You don't care about our schools. Your vote was paid for & your career is OVER.
That's an interesting take on a very sorry situation
You know - "Buy yourself a Cabinet Appointment"

#NoonDeVos
What a joke
, so glad you sold out your constituents, and our kids, for a payout from @BetsyDeVos.  Remember who work for!
Pay for play at its finest! Hope you sleep well tonight. #notmysenator
Those two sentences don't go together. Working hard to be most shameful Sen from WI since McCarthy, it seems.
you should be ashamed of yourself ... A partisan vote for the most unqualified candidate ever ... Awful
you will also appreciate that you lost votes from two adults in our household today. No going back.
Mr. Johnson you are as unfit for office as Devos. I look forward to the next election where we vote you out.
Clearly you need to do better research. Now only normal and/or rich kids will get a "first rate" education.
These two sentences are contradictory
I asked you to do the right thing and vote no. I am utterly disgusted that you voted yes. #NoDeVos
Oh, you made a mistake and meant to vote No. DeVos only cares about rich kids and their private school education.
I am a teacher and I will remember how you sold out kids for 48K in DeVos money. See you At the polls
your vote for Betsy DeVos does precisely the opposite! I hope the campaign contributions were worth it
Way to support the most under qualified education secretary in our history. How does it feel to be a Bannon puppet?
Or they can hope to attain high levels of success by buying U.S. Senators. It only costs a little over $48,000.
you are wrong. It's not fair if only those who have$ can get their kids a good education. You are wrong.
y'all love the poorly educated. You make me and Wisconsin sick
Those are two contradicting statements.
your desire for a first rate education for WI children would have garnered a "no" vote. Money talks, RJ. Shame.
What garbage. How many calls and emails did you receive from constituents? I guess you're for sale, Sen. Johnson.
shutdown the department of education and return education to the states
Then work to improve public education. Don't send public funds elsewhere.
As you can see from her history, her system DOES NOT work. #facts #DeVosPledge
You SOLD America's children to DeVos. https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=hm-f3jab87U&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DM4CVZnGJIzQ%26feature%3Dshare …
Your statement is exactly why you should have voted NO....but you just ignored the messages and emails. Puppet!
Your vote was literally bought and paid for by Devos' family. This isn't democracy this is fraud!
it makes zero sense why you voted for her.
no senator should take in exchange for his states voters ignoring calls! Greed is a sin the Bible in ur hands
Shame on you. You will not be getting my vote in the future. Money over education. Sleep well in your mansion tonight senator
do you not see the fundamental disconnect between the first and last part of this sentence?
Wow... time to go spend some time with real highly qualified educators, in real public schools...
so you voted yes despite the people wanting you to vote no, overwhelmingly against. How much did she give you $
She gave him over $48,000.
This statement is antithetical
Then you should have voted No. You clearly do not care about your constituents or our children.
You should be ashamed of your vote.  I would get your resume updated.  You'll be looking for a new job soon.
very disappointed but not surprised by the vote for DeVos. Party before country. Sad!
I cry for America's children.
Sorry to hear that. She is unqualified and won’t be supporting public schools.
I agree. That's why you should have voted no.
your vote can be bought, I see
You voted for a campaign contribution. A small one too.
how much did it take before u put out?
you sir do not represent the wants and needs of the people who elected you.
This is incredibly sad. You could have been the one vote that saved education.  Instead, you chose to be a sheep.
thanks for selling out the children of Wisconsin Wisconsin needs to support public schools
Prioritizing partisanship above our kids is a despicable place to be. I hope it comes back to bite u bigly.
Exactly! So why don't we simply make ALL public schools better for ALL students? HOW are you so out of touch?
That $50,000 he got for giving his vote for DeVos means he doesn't care how out of touch he is.
So $48,000 buys your vote, @SenRonJohnson ?
you have a seriously tough time with basic comprehension skills, good to see you sharing that fact with your constituents.
,vote bought and paid for by a $48,900 campaign contribution by an uneducated millionaire
Sad part is she was educated, but that didn't stop her from sounding like an idiot in the hearings.
You did not! BAD.
her family has never been in a public school.  Wtf does she know about public education?? Shameful, money hungry
You were bought Ron. You are an embarrassment to Wisconsin!
Not sure that makes sense! Hope you are as eager to uphold the constitution over next 4yrs as you are of voting her in Sen J!
which has now been denied by voting yes on DeVoss.
thanks Senator Johnson, Secretary DeVos the flyover states have your back! #MAGA
Exactly .@SenRonJohnson  is why this anti education anti vaccination should never have been nominated  you were sold to Betsyfor $49,000.00
Disgusting! You should be ashamed of yourself. Putting your own interest before WI children.
your vote for BD was a big f-you to children, educators & parents across WI. You don't care, you got your $. Prove us wrong.
.@SenRonJohnson @BetsyDeVos Are you going to mention the donations you accepted from her family?
As a former Wisconsinite who went to great PUBLIC SCHOOLS, your vote for a wealthy dilettante sickens me.
Sad day for public education. This is why we need campaign finance reform #boughtbybetsy
so those kids in rural zip codes without access to private schools are just SOL then? Public schools matter & need support.
Well, you just did, in fact, deny them a first-rate education.  Hang your head in shame.
too bad children with disabilities won't get it!
Coward. Spineless.
You voted yes for your pocketbook, not our children.
