Thank you, Senators! #WeThePeople were promised a #FullRepeal. Because government involvement in healthcare is nowhere in our Constitution.
The needs of the people have changed quite a bit since 1787.Do you use an outhouse because you oppose plumbing code?
Plumbing codes are not federal. Also, people had medical needs in 1787.
Life expectancy was 35 years at that time. As I said, the needs of the people have changed.
But people's rights haven't changed. Government has no right to torment or enslave us.
We need u to vote yes!  We need this win!!
This bill will hurt millions. Are you so desperate for a "win" to rip health ins away from so many? SAD!
Scare tactics help no one.
The house bill will take ins away from 25 mil, and they're expecting the CBO to score the Senate's as taking it away from at least 18 mil.
That's not factually correct.
Umm...yeah...it is.
We will just need to disagree
Please get behind Kate's Law & anti-sanctuary bills! Go nuclear if needed. Do not allow the minority to rule!
Get on board with our President on the Health Care bill. Are you Republicans? Really?
Let's come to an agreement. We have to get something done. Call off the vacation and keep working.
From one Wisconsin cheesehead to another: please help IMPROVE the ACA by stabilizing it for insurance companies and the insured!
Love to hear the reasons! People's health is not a political pawn. As the best country on earth, Universal Care is long past due!
Get on board on healthcare or when u r up for reelection I will campaign against you.
And not drop millions from coverage? And cover pre-existing conditions? Worthless insurance is cheaper. Voters are watching.
The concept of "repeal and replace" accepts the premise that the feds should be regulating health care in the first place. #FullRepeal
Have you been denied coverage b/c of a preexisting cond? I have. It's not fun. There needs to be protections for people.
I certainly have. Why don't you save money and pay for your healthcare? Afterall, your health is your most valuable asset.
I pay for my own health care. The difference btwn now & PRE-ACA is that I couldn't be denied coverage anymore for preexisting conds.
If you pay for healthcare, pre-existing doesn't matter. Do you mean you pay for your insurance?
Yes. Was denied coverage pre-ACA b/c of pre-existing conds.  W/ ACA, can't be denied & can buy a plan like anyone else.
Is there a happy medium? Something in between ACA and Free Market?
Probably.  But there needs to be laws to keep protections for people who need it. The free mkt doesn't always take that into consideration.
OK Ron Fix the darn thing get to work on it now and send it back to the house Asap get off your duffs.
Fight the good fight, Senators. Follow your mandate. Don't let what happened to the milquetoast Dems in '09 happen to the GOP now. #ThankYou
I'm solidly middle class and i'm pretty sure i won't be able to afford insurance if this bill passes, i have a managed pre-ex. In your dist.
Sen. Johnson.
Fulfill campaign promises.
Repeal Obama care now.
We support you all the way


Any GOP bill is better than Obamacare. Please vote yes!
You lost me at, but, which means you will vote for the bill.
The 4 of u is all that is standing between   us and socialism. We need a #fullrepeal and we need it badly.
Hang tough Senator. #FullRepeal! No to ACA & AHCA! No more gov't overreach! FreeMarkets! Tort reform! Common sense! #UnitedForFreedom!

The U.S. Senate's health care legislation, at last unveiled today, fails to meet children's needs. #KeepKidsCovered http://ow.ly/oH9y30cOzNF  
Sen Johnson- id like to share my story w you. When is your next "tele-town hall" since you wont have a real one?
I am a constituent and I urge you to vote NO on the Senate health care bill.
Vote no
#FullRepeal plz keep fighting this!!  #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
The proposed bill will make ins unaffordable for people like me w/ a preexisting cond. Recipe for disaster.  Cruel to the disabled.
Will you demand that preexisting conditions be covered without raised premiums? We should not face bankruptcy bc we can't afford med bills.
#FULLREPEAL EVERY ROOT & BRANCH AS PROMISED!
@SenRonJohnson I called u yesterday to plead u that reconsider the health care bill. Please know UR valued, I'm a democratic who voted 4U
American Citizens are sick of paying for illegals/refugees and lazy people!  The middle class always takes the HIT !
Do we (taxpayers) pay for you legislators to have health insurance???  We (taxpayers) will take what you have, hypocrites!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And go back to what we had b4 the ACA? No thx. People w/ preexisting conditions & disabilities shouldn't be denied affordable coverage.
Thank you for opposing this health care bill. Healthcare is a commodity to be traded in the free market. Insurance companies need to compete
The most Americans are helped to greatest degree via free enterprise!
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
Umm...pre-ACA I  was denied coverage.  The "free-market" is not the answer. There needs to be some protections.
So everyone else is obligated to insure your needs are met?
Yup. Just me. Don't be ridiculous.
Only one way to lower costs: a truly free market system w/o Government intrusion.
. Then get the negotiations done Senator Johnson. Remember 2 compromise. We the ppl need this bill passed. #BetterCare
>>COMPROMISE<< is key. Incremental, don't blow this opportunity - window narrowing..
Great way to show support for @POTUS using his technique to apply leverage to create a great bill!
Ummm I thought they repealed it months ago.
RoJo's political views are like an Yogi Berraism that states "When you come to a fork in the road take it".
Pass the bill!  We can make more fixes later!
Passing this bill will make health ins unaffordable for families like mine with pre-existing conds. You never know when you might get sick.
STOP the tax cuts for the RICH !!!  TAX them more to pay for all these expensive GOP projects.  RON, STAND FIRM FOR THE MIDDLE/LOWER CLASS!!
The party that touts being "pro-life" must admit their willingness to let LIFE perish in order to line pockets of the wealthiest among us.
Make changes to the bill. Don't leave millions of CHILDREN without insurance. They have no choice in their financial circumstance.
Please do not vote for this bill. Elderly in nursing homes and older Americans will be devastated. I vote and watch carefully
NO TRUMPCARE!!!!!!
Thank you senators. Idea. Give Medicaid to the 50 states, let the states take the Medicaid tax. States send 2 lawmakers to a 50-state forum.
Official dialogue derivation states::

 Bill don't lower healthcare Cost & bill negotiations is negotiable.
Stand for We The People! No trump or obamacare! Repeal only! #UnitedForFreedom!
You say that now. One day you may get sick and be denied coverage b/c of a preexisting cond.  You might regret what you're asking for.
Well I hope your pack of four has a alternative solution for we the people and aggressively more it forward quickly
YOU ARE FIRED! We don't do socialism!
Wisconsinites need healthcare so we don't die. Please do the bare minimum and help us, not bury us for being poor
Reply
Repub logic: Bail out Ocare disaster and take blame for failure. Brilliant! #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Separate pre existing conditions from other coverage. Can't cover it at same rate. Offer catastrophic ins for young healthy ppl.
This bill cuts taxes, defunds Planned Parenthood, eliminates mandates. Please do your job and be reasonable with 52 Senators. Pass the bill.
Well, Rand Paul said he didn't support it because it didn't cut enough. If you agree with him, does that mean you want MORE cuts to AHCA?
thank you
Apparently it's just not mean enough yet! Please think about the people not just your ideology.
#KeepThePromise No government run healthcare in America. #VoteNoAHCA #UnitedForFreedom #2018
Do you want to go back to the health ins mkt b4 the ACA where ins cos could deny coverage for just abt anything?  Not smart.
I see u now want to work with Dems on a healthcare bill. They r not going to support full repeal. I voted for u twice, get the job done.
Yes...let's rip health insurance away from millions of citizens.  Great idea.
please cut the doublespeak. open your hearts. pass real healthcare reform.
Then do what you were hired to do & fix it. Not ready? Get ready, we the people are sick of this, no more excuses. You have 1 chance!
Keep in mind Senator Johnson " Could you accept this if you were put on the same pool"
Keep fighting for true repeal of Obamacare!
stop trying to repeal & start fixing health care system. we know you hate obama-get over it. Senate bill will not save $ except for RICH ppl
Thank you for standing firm against the AHCA.
Govt healthcare is NOT a solution. It is a problem.
...until you get sick and get denied care. Sounds like so much fun.
Thank you for acknowledging the bill is not what is best for Americans. I hope you will continue to focus on our needs, not party politics.
Goal should be lower health care costs. If that means repealing #aca, so be it but it should be a result of achieving goal not goal itself.
Everyone needs to be able to have health insurance.  People shouldn't be denied /priced out of coverage b/c of pre-existing conds.
So in reality it doesn't cut and gut deep enough you know @realDonaldTrump  doesn't want anything "mean"
Please vote NO on AHCA, it's a TERRIBLE bill!!!
You are opposed to bill for wrong reasons.  Please oppose because WI veterans will lose their healthcare.
You are opposed to bill for wrong reasons.  Please oppose because the bill shifts money from the poor to the wealthy.
Thank you for showing a sense of humanity and empathy for you fellow Americans. #SaveACA #HealthcareBill #SinglePayerNow
You are opposed to bill for wrong reasons.  Please oppose because 1000's of WI residents with opioid addiction will lose coverage.
You are opposed to bill for wrong reasons.  Please oppose because 1000's of WI kids will lose Medicaid.
Please vote NO and save lives! Your constituents are counting on you to do the right thing.
No debate?  Unconscionable! Vote NO!
Hope you guys like the result of ur NO! Will be a minority party again and eat off the Dems plate! Shame on you!
Ron PLEASE remind America & GOP RINOS that the constitution grants ZERO POWER to Feds to micromanage American's healthcare!
Thank You Senator Ron Johnson!  It takes courage to fight for the people and do the right thing!  #FullRepeal
This bill can only be improved through regular order, so you must vote no in coming weeks to force bill to hearings and negotiations
Please do not support a bill that will hurt so many of your constituents--many many more than it will help.
I applaud your efforts. Thank you for representing your constituents!
I hope u not be taking ur upcoming recess until this is worked out. Or as a WI voter, @SenRonJohnson u may want to start updating ur resume
If this bill is just then it should apply to all in #Congress! If you pass a law you should not be exempt from the very law you passed!
Get to work and get this bill passed. Negotiations is asked for but get it passed
Get it passed and harm millions of your fellow citizens?  Great idea.
vote yes
You say that now, but when you get sick and are denied coverage,  you'll be kicking yourself in the ass.
@SenRonJohnson thank you for being a true leader and staying steadfast on what your constituents want. We need lower HC, caps, no pre-exist
And mental health care- woman's healthcare- basic needs met. I never thought I'd say this-I am proud of you for this. People above party!
Repeal and go back to the way it was b4 the ACA? My family has preexisting conds and the thought of going backwards is horrifying.
Senator this bill is a loser and you will be too if you support it #HealthcareBill
finally!  Please stand strong!  This plan will ruin our healthcare even more than it has.  How will we pay for this?
8 yrs you had to do something better & you did nothing! Disgusted!
Thank you sir for truly working for your constituents! I agree Obama care needs to be fixed but this just isn't it!
Thank you for standing with We, the People, refusing to sign this healthcare bill. To Make Healthcare Great Again, we must do better!
Trump said top negotiators would create a new healthcare system, portable, affordable, beneficial to all. This bill isn't it! #WeCanDoBetter
Thank you @SenRonJohnson please vote no.
Voting against this disaster would be a terrific chance to shoot your very mediocre approval ratings up. #VoteNoAHCA
We the voters expect a come together them work get it done now not later
You have American's by the short and curlies. They don't like it and either will you!
Now, negotiate with Dems and have tRUMP stop killing the ACA, pay the subsidies and insurance companies will stop pulling out. Right now,
I am a Verona constituent, where we care greatly about HealthCare, and would like you to vote No on this bill.
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor.  Put country before party & vote no.
Thank you, Senator Johnson!  I am a grateful constituent!
Sir, why is putting the burden on poor and middle class citizens the solution. STOP CUTTING TAXES FOR THE RICH.
Stop the massive spending / subsidies!  We want FULL REPEAL!  And no Medicaid expansion!  Keep it simple! No ObamaCare Lite!
My family needs health ins just like yours,  but will not be able to get it if this passes. Millions of citizens will be adversely affected
The #SenateHealthCareBill threatens affordable health care for many Americans.  Vote no!
You're right.Higher taxes to pay 4 medicaid expansion. Feds stop paying states in ? 2019.
What about pre-existing conditions?
Get rid of the continuous coverage requirement that is worse than the penalties. the continuous coverage requirement is BS
There is literally no good reason to repeal Obamacare. We need essential health benefits and coverage for preexisting conditions.
The only moral way to lower costs for Americans is to give up the idea of a massive tax break for the wealthy.
They don’t need the tax break, and giving it to them will absolutely contribute to the deaths of millions of Americans.
If you’re pro-life as you claim to be, you cannot allow this bill to go forward. No small tweaks can fix it. It needs to be trashed.
Vote NO and be remembered as men who did what was right despite the personal political costs! Be heros for America.
Welcome back Senator.
Figures you voted for everything Obama put in front of you, you are another useless rino that needs to be voted out
It's time to get with the Repubs and pass this bill. People are sick and tired of you 4 being obstructionists!!!!
Going backwards isn't the answer. Not being able to obtain coverage b/c of pre-existing conds causes harm to all.
Thank you Senator Ron Johnson for doing your job!  Let Obamacare die, don't subsidize it!
When you get denied coverage for a preexisting cond, remember your words.
Thank you for being on the side of the Anerican Voters. As a disabled homeless WORKING senior, I appreciate your integrity.
Well u better vote on it ! The ppl need healthcare coverage and ur a republican remember with a republican president u need to support Vote
Obamacare is NOT bad. Please improve it so it works for ALL people. Current bill is morally/ethically WRONG. Vote for the PEOPLE
Please oppose this bill for more reasons than what your blurb mentions. It is morally and ethically WRONG. Ppl will suffer. Thank you
THANK YOU
Step up and stop acting like a Liberal obstructionist. The GOP is starting to look like a Clown show with all the infighting.
7yr.s!!!!
If you can't even get @RandPaul account right, how the hell can you het #HealthCarePlan right?
Americans are SICK of politics as usual!!!!!
So you oppose the bill because it still provides too much health care to people.  This recent cancer survivor says, "How big of you."
Since I can't reach by phone...please, no cuts to Medicaid. No high-risk pools, which both my kids would end up in. Help protect their care.
Try him at 202-224-5323,
U need to PASS THIS BILL. its UNACCEPTABLE if u do not and if you don’t, we’ll find new Senators, next election. Do not be OBSTRUCTIONISTS
The reasoning falls flat for me, but I encourage the position. Good policy must overcome party loyalty.
Medicare 4 all is only solution that prevents civil war!
How ab the deduction for executive salaries over $500k?  When will u protect We the People instead of big corporations?  Insane!
Good idea of working in a bipartisan way. Say no to this secret bill. Congress represents the people not McConenell.
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson speaking to reporters outside Capitol: "I am not a 'yes.'" Says GOP /Dems should start over on bipartisan health bill.
I hope you are being fully honest about this!
Thank you!
Yes, please remain strong until Congress can design a bill that truly protects Americans, especially the poor and elderly.
$880 Billion in medicaid cuts = Tax cuts for the wealthy. Period!
We're sick of paying for freeloaders!  We have our own families to take care of! Take care of yourself. PS we aren't the only victims of ACA
Yes, your Senate bill will actually increase premiums for 50-64 years olds like me! #AgeTax

AHCA won't reduce premiums, btw. Per @BrookingsInst, premiums would be 13% higher under GOP #HealthcareBill than under current law (#ACA). 
They need to do full repeal which would lower them but 13% is a hell of a lot better than what ACA will do

This a brave young woman who should be able to protest!
Why can't we insure those with preexisting conditions & protect the avg Citizen from going bankrupt b/c of illness? Everyone else privte ins
Problem is definition of pre-existing:current bill: can buy insurance AFTER the car accident, cancer diagnosis . no need to pay B4.
What most Trump supporters want& were promised was a REPEAL BILL NOT REPEAL-REPLACE O-C!
You'll never lower costs as long as you're dealing with insurance companies.  The best hope is for costs to increase at a decreasing rate.
TRUST judgement of all who voted NO BUT suggest GIVE @POTUS a CLEAN REPEAL O-C BILL!
We'll be watching.
But we are forced to pay for those things
Neither is corporate subsidies endless wars and tax cuts.
Why don't you write a plan that puts costs controls on runaway drug costs?
Ted Cruz is working on it
Too big Medicaid drop.  Walker won't pay for anything. We are his Pres campaign guinea pigs. He wants to see how little he can get by givin
What idiots! LEARN to accept the 80% until you can get the rest. You Were Elected To Do THIS! SellOut is a kind title for what you're doing!
Please vote no on this bill. Stand up for your fellow Wisconsinites!
Please support legislation that protects Medicaid, women's healthcare, & protects against increasing rates for pre-existing conditions.
Respectfully, if you want to move #healthcarepolicy forward, you must take this bill on the road to each district and discuss with Americans
YES!!! He needs to follow Thru and see what Wi ppl want! He is representing us. We should get to talk
I am glad that you read the proposed bill and in it's current form is not right for America
Sen Johnson, Please continue to work hard to improve this important bill. God Bless!
For everyone pushing for a full repeal, the only thing you're accomplishing is thwarting any rollback of Obamacare. You don't have the votes
I hope you are rich. Course Mitch is worth about 7 million he'll get a nice tax cut. Almost all upper and lower chambers are rich. Xmas soon
I'm fine either way, but I vote for my country -not just me. We just need to do the right thing and stop being so blindly partisan.
It will never lower health care costs so say no today and put this misbegotten toxic bill out of its misery.  Otherwise you are the problem
Please vote no on this bill #Wisconsin
Without bipartisan buy in this bill shouldn't even be an option. You all need to represent the MAJORITY of Americans!
Are you kidding me?  Democrats passed Obamacare without a single Republican vote
D's didn't seem to care so why should we?Especially considering 5.7 million illegals voted 4Dems in 08.They wouldn't have had votes2pass it
Senators we sent you there to repeal and replace. You promised; Please deliver!
What concession will it take to get you to fold?
Healthcare costs can't be contained until there is REAL comp between providers. If 3rd party pays my HC, I don't care how much it costs
Because I don't see costs until the EOB. Too late to comp shop. Force price discovery, incentivize HSAs: unlimited taxfree contributions?
We paid less 4 birth of daughter paying EVERYTHING OOP compared to paying ins premiums, deductibles, co-ins, and receiving PPO discount
UNIFY AND VOTE FOR THIS BILL REPUBLICANS UNITE
Nice tax cut.
Good for you Sir.
I sure would like to give you kudos but something tells me you want something worse. I don't trust you. #resist
Very disappointed in you Senator Johnson
Please hold your ground and vote "no" on this travesty of legislation.
Good for you guys! We support you 100%! If GOP blows this, kiss Senate majority goodbye in 2018 and Trump is gone in 2020.
I  Congress passes it look for a bloodbath.
From 2009
Thank you for standing strong!
This bill, whether as written or amended to be crueler, is a monstrosity that will have devastating consequences for Wisconsin.
And reelections.
Sad that we are unable to get a bill that does what GOP has promised for years. OCare hurts families.
OCARE made it possible for my family to obtain insurance.  We're grateful to have it.
