EVERYONE! This is all a distraction to the Russia issue! Ask him to address it. #trumprussia
GOP members PAC's took at least 4 million during the campaign.
please provide proof of this claim. Respectfully
follow @funder. He's been on it since before the election.
PACs are crazy & should b shuttered completely IMO. Too much unknown I'm all about transparent govt of the people. #dream lol
and anti-islamic and hbtq.
Anti- any ethnic group is abhorrent. Too bad your party helped bring somebody to power who is a hater!
Make a real move and impeach President Bannon. Nobody will believe you and Trump until he goes.
- you're heart is filled with hate. What a waste of time. You can never judge a man with blind hate.
Brother, my patriotic heart is not full of hate, but love. You can never blind-judge a man you've never seen or met
well I'm sorry, when did you meet Trump?
11 yrs ago, during dinner event. He's long been fixture of NYC social life. It's like local comic became president
"Comic" is you're demented term. Everyone in NY and around the globe wanted to be seen with Trump. Suck it up.
But he was like a local comic. He and Ivana made hilarious ad for Pizza Hut in 1980s. And he was in Home Alone II
Standard shell game, blame Jews, Mexicans and Muslims while you steal, harm and grab power.  Ryan is part of the problem!
@SenRonJohnson when do plan on having Steve Bannon arrested?
Russian sabotage of American democracy is also serious and criminal. Do your job. Nyet my president.
Unless it's coming from the White House in which case it's hunky dory? Shame on you. Did the russkies tell you to say that?
Too bad the leader of your party doesn't think so @SpeakerRyan
get Bannon the Nazi out of the White House!
oh really
Don't you think that Trump and Congress should take the first step to stop this?
If you mean this, then why is a known anti-Semite (Bannon) given such broad influence and authority in this administration?
what are the health benefits that Congress receives I'd like to know.
Ya We would like to have Congress health pkg for US Ppl. NOT Tax credits/Vouchers. Is Trumpcare = shitcare?
really? But it's ok to hate Muslims, Mexicans and others? It would be good if you spoke for all!
he hasn't insulted the alt-white. Who will he pick on next after the press! The tweeters of anti trump? 
pssst... you do know that Stephen Bannon is in the White House right?
If you are truthful about this, WHY have'nt you done something about Steve Bannon?
Please take charge of overseeing POTUS and not look as if Mr. U are in his pocket Uare making citizens very nervous, 2018 near
I still cannot understand why the more Trump tweets, the greater the rise in hate activity.  The divider in chief!
hey Ry dawg, looking for some 90x tips. How do you get through plyometrics?
Than why is it on the rise since you are Speaker and Trump is in office!  Walk your talk Speaker!
Maybe focus military on this not deportations?
.@SpeakerRyan A little late! You should have denounced Bannon & other anti-semites in this cabinet months ago. #Antisemitism
WH bans legit media from news gaggle-un-American. CPAC crowd waves Russian flags with Trump on them. Treason.
Rebublicans can take full credit for all the hate Trump has promoted the pass 15 months. Now you want to say something?
But Islamaphobia and immigrant hate is all cool you #brownnosespeaker
Why are you only talking about it now? Is it because Hillary Clinton called out the GOP for staying silent? Hypocrite!
insane that it took Ivanka Trump to stand up to her father.
Well Alberto, Ivanka better hurry up ! Before she joins her husband, and father - in - law, in prison !
It took 150 bomb threat on JCC's to acknowledge this!
Why are you letting shady real estate lawyers get away with this?
because he is putting party before country to get his tax law signed! #doyourjob
Do your job!  Have some self-respect.  How do you sleep at night?
Tell @realDonaldTrump that he should tweet more then on the issue.
Boy "retweet" way to show you care, Ron. Steve Bannon is a noted anti-semite, yet you support him.
tell your boss
But you encourage anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim words and actions. GOP has attacked those, now the LGBT, who's next?
How and when did Anti-Semitism get started. No doubt another Geo Soros anti American antagonistic protest plan. Media lives it.
did you contribute to the GoFundMe? Did you know it was Muslims who raised money and clean-up? But divisiveness rules, right???
What action do you intend to take? Your GOP President has targeted the marginalized and your party incites hate.
and I encourage you to start doing your part by talking to your hate filled leader, @realDonaldTrump, #lyingPOTUS
It's your regime's hate speech that caused this. Make America Hate Again has caused this. Look to yourself, hypocrite.
Now we are talking Paul !!
you are supporting a traitor to our nation. Your party nominated a tin pot dictator
then tell that Cheeto, to speak up. Does it up set you trump was the vocabulary of a 4th grader?
You have Bannon calling the shots for trumplestinkskin. U never abhorred the blatant racism before stop acting like U care now.
@SenRonJohnson Agreed!  Now our leader should do the same.
you are cronies have fanned this fire..
What happened to that resolution on Jews and the Holocaust - or would that have displeased Trump's Nazi friends?
you know what else is abhorrent? Islamaphobia, transphobia, homophobia, misogyny, racism- and bc you're all those things...you
@Trevor90666770 All talk !!
Thanks for breaking your silence. Better late than never Ryan.
LIES!
What are YOU going to do about it?
obama's "refugees." Pres Trump, pls protect us! Bld Wall & freeze ALL immigration! They r coming 2 overthrow & kill us!
you are so right! You should make sure President Bannon is on board
As seriously as so called threats by Muslim terrorists? Our biggest threat is from within - white alt-right males - in WH!
I agree Speaker, more prayers are needed
Little late to state. We see through you.
oh did 45 let you speak?   Do you always repeat everything he says?
Keep preaching like this. But also take action as the head of the GOP instead of telling others to do it.
How about encouraging your president to take them seriously.  Hypocrites, all of you.  SHAME!
How about anti Muslim? Waiting for you
Then stand up to the hatred spewing from @realDonaldTrump Watching his pressers, rallies, & tweets shows that he's a danger.
YOU are a powerful national authority - what are YOU doing about it?
too little too late.
Tell that to your "boss".
You're in bed with/enabling most racist, bigoted, mysogynist admin in history & still think you've got any moral authority??
by authorities, do you mean Jeff Sessions?  And how about anti-Muslimism?  U better have a chat with Trump & Jackboot Bannon.
What about the raging anti-Semites in the Oval Office that you suck up to on a daily basis? Do they count?
.@SpeakerRyan Oh sure...just like YOU take ANYTHING seriously! Stay out of our lives by resigning please. YOU are not a midwesterner at all.
Like the WH administration, for instance?
so will you support the creation of a task force to combat white nationalist terrorism?
your an authority help police the whitehouse
You know Bannon and Miller work in the White House, right? What hypocrisy.

These threats have been serious fir a very long time. Do your job & no fundraising in Texas!!!!!!!
Are you kidding me. Finally you've decided to speak up about this?? You are nothing more than The Fake President's lap .
then will you please get Steve Bannon removed from the White House?
where were you when your party's nominee for pres was encouraging neo nazis?!??!
Can you say the same sir, for any form of racism and xenophobia?
How about you and other republicans call for the resignation of Steve Bannon? That would be a good start.
Day late. Dollar short.
Then perhaps you'll work to get anti-semite Steve Bannon out of the White House?
how about Congress? Shouldn't we get Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon out of the White House to temper white nationalist actions
so you wait until 1 month or 2 months before you address#lyn'Ryan
now that it's personal in the WH it is being addressed? America- Land of the free... Freedom of religion! All religions!
Does that include muslims? Kinda a catch-22... Anti-Semitism has been around for centuries all over the world
Please let STEVE BANNON and STEPHEN MILLER know that you don't like anti-Semitism, 'cause THEY DO LIKE IT, A LOT.
On this we agree Mr. Speaker.
Speak to your President. Did you miss the campaign?
could you encourage a #singlepayer #healthcare situation? We are watching and waiting
You used stronger words against POTUS for his saying far less!
says the guy who just bends over and does whatever new-Hitler says
.@SpeakerRyan It's pathetic how long it took you to say this & you are silent on Islamaphobia & threats to other groups. Not good enough.
Some R using claims of anti-Semitism to suprt a different political agenda of anti-Conservatism. Do not fall into the trap.
so why can't you get the cheeto to say this?  Thought you had some power man.
Thank you Captain Odious.
you "encourage authorities"?!!! You have to lead the fight against racism at the federal level! Don't pass the buck on this!
then you will address the abhorrent incompetence residing in the oval office?
your party helped to creat this environment. I lived in your state with the white militia and bigots. Your party are criminals
I'd encourage you to take #45's taxes seriously. #Trumprussia
We'll all be watching and waiting for you to speak out against Bannon then. Unless his antisemitism is OK? #DoYourJob
THE HEAD OF YOUR PARTY, DONALD J. DESPOT, WILL NOT SPEAK OUT AGAINST IT BECAUSE HIS "BASE" IS RIDDEN WITH ANTI-SEMITES.
great to hear. Now get @realDonaldTrump 2tweet this or would that b problematic 4his base  #Bannon #DavidDuke  #whitesupremists
wow really going out on a limb there. Anti-semitism bad. Know what else is bad? Placing party over country. Ur selling us out
How can anyone take YOU seriously when you support the likes of Bannon and Trump #hypocrite
why did stop the bill to lower IRA and 401k fees ? Oh that's right your bankster friends.
Start with Trump! Better yet impeach him for Russia. Come on you cant hate the USA this much just to get your agenda passed.
Empty words as you back the policies of the worst bigot we've had as president in my lifetime. Shame on you.
Why are you still advocating for GOP when shit hits the fan?   You're a hypocrite.
if your serious about Anti-Semitism and racism- impeach Delusional Donald Trump
Does this mean that attacks against Muslims are also Anti-Semitic? My motto is "There's always more knowledge so go find it"
You're cool with anti-Muslim bigotry, though?
That's nice. Here's a suggestion: Use your power to demand AG investigate and prosecute these heinous acts and threats.
please inform our President of that information. #loveoneanother #Respect #saynotohate
but u don't speak directly to the homegrown terrorists committing these acts. #coward.
Can't hitch your wagon to Pres and distance yourself at the same time. You own Trump and his 38% approval rating
@vickscan @SpeakerRyan @SenRonJohnson Sick!  Good And moral Conservatives would speak out about the hate and fearmongering.
Day late / dollar short...but nice try here trying to look concerned. Swing and a bigly miss -
just Anti-Semitism what about Anti-Christian so prevalent in our courts
and how do you feel about anti-Muslim sentiment?  You are all being played by #PresidentBannon. Sad!
what is wrong w/ppl
You may want to have a talk with your President.  I don't think he cares.  Serious personality defects or mental illness
and islamophobia?
START WITH THE RACIST IN THE WHITE HOUSE #LIARS
say it with me, "Jew". Why is this so hard???
Tell what is abhorrent to the antisemitic Russian jester who is going to turn on you the moment you stop kissing his.
Pauly, do you have any backbone at all? Parrot
very similar to what you said about don, just month's  ago....
is that right? How about some light pedophilia? That's cool until you get caught right?
Sad.
It sounds hollow. We don't know who you are anymore. Your singular lack of guts and integrity makes it impossible 2 believe U.
Trump's base is comprised of racists and the kkk...
Hey Paul. Don't you have better things to do. Like cancel town halls and pretend you're the man of the House?
The buck stops with the GOP.
why don't you stress this more to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS - HE DOESN'T SEEM TO UNDERSTAND!  Buck stops with him.
Anti-Muslimism, just as bad or a lot less bad?
for once I agree with you. Too bad 45 isn't on the same page
and your anti-Americanism is worse #idiocracy @devilradio
but mysogyny, sexual assault and race discrimination are okay.  Got it #wtf
now?  What about #bannon #Antisemitism pulling the strings
remind your president to say the same thing more often
@SenRonJohnson then get Bannon out of the NSC - do your job!
"Big Boss just signaled it's cool to send out some [sincere] concern about this issue I don't care about, so here's mine"
perhaps you could have said something BEFORE TODAY
but being anti-Muslim is not abhorrent?
killing sick people in any form is abhorrent. And I urge authorities Nationwide to take these threats to end the ACA seriously
Can you perhaps mention this to POTUS and his aides?
what about 45's anti-semitism?  So you agree he's a threat? Good, we all agree, Impeach!
.@SpeakerRyan why don't you take it seriously be demanding bannon be removed from the White House? #justcurious
but you're OK with people who are anti-Islamic?            Christians and Jews are good, everyone else bad?
what about devisenes. By President And encouraging hay in real lies. Not unifying. Putting $$ And agenda fiest
Introducing The Ryanator: Automatic Statement Generator! Thoughts, prayers, & pretend outrage. Guaranteed empathy-free #enabler
Finally , you drop #obamacare rant and obsession. Fighting anti semitism is good issue.
why doesnt 45 make statements about these hate crimes??
O rilly? We encourage you not to support treason or leave ppl w/o health care, but do you listen? Way to swing at the easy ones
really after Trump Was rude to the Jewish reporter and blew his own horn about votes. You stand by him 4 your agenda
Shame
ohhh, that'll scare them. How about investigating @POTUS and his ownership by Russia?  You are not a patriot.  Turncoat, maybe
@ReaganBattalion Glad to see you felt strongly enough to step up post @POTUS heart felt (not) statement.
but what about the electoral college votes?  They were massive, better than anyone thought, more than anyone since Reagan
Hollow words, Mr. Ryan. What is the Trump administration doing to show they are dedicated to fighting hate of any kind?
you should of from beginning stepped up you supported trump you got to go we can't do someone who isn't for us you greedy
I think your preaching to the wrong crowd here Paul, you might want to call that Orange Putin Lovin Baboon u call ur President
why speak up,you aren't any better McConnell pruitt session pence you all knew & looked other way ,now you wanna jump in to lat
Prejudice against anyone is unacceptable-race, religion, sex, etc.! Walk the walk!
sit down ryan you sold us out ,you choose to look other way knowing what was going on, you were getting what u wanted so
do your job and investigate the Trump administration and have an independent bipartisan investigation!
#insincere #youcashedthecheck and affiliate with #whitesupremacists.
No one believes a word Republicans say anymore. You have zero credibility!
see if you can get the president to be so concerned
Too little, too late.
you spread fear and hate daily
Is anti-Muslim sentiment OK with you, though? I suspect you're chill with that
could u get @realDonaldTrump 2 take them seriously? 2 call for an investigation and 2 get rid of Bannon the biggest antisemite
Your words are hollow. DO something. Hold the perpetrator in chief and Bannon accountable.
What have you and congress done to prevent these cowardice acts?
Nice words that are utterly meaningless without action.
you have put Party before country. You are a disappointment. No one cares what you say so stop telling us.
Woooooowwww such a powerful statement....
too little too late buddy. You have no credibility. You bow down to a huge bigot. Both Trump and president Bannon
