SenJohnson, I've seen yr letter to a constituent threatening to report him/her for calling yr office or attempting to visit.
. I'm a veteran who thinks it cowardly 2 not hold town halls. FYI, your staff has no authority 2 issue cease & desist letters.
Cease and desist letters have to be issued by a court or government agency (your staff is neither of these).
.@SenRonJohnson the Republican president managed 51 lies in 61 minutes. It's easier to fool a person than to persuade them they are fooled
will you carry a similar message at your next town hall? It would go along way towards unifying your base
Inspiration/ heartfelt but dishonest and misleading Shameful-how's Session? Lies, lies, liesSupport from GOP--disgrace
and then his Attorney General found to be yet another dishonest person connected to #Russia
Take a Stand, coward
Senator Snowflake, why are you threatening to report your constituents to the police for requesting a townhall? Coward
pppfffffffffft
It was idiotic.
I was disheartened to find out Sessions had contact 2x prior to congressional testimony.
face your constituents!!!! You work for the people!  #DoYourJob #TownHall #CountryOverParty
@SpeakerRyan @MitchMcConell @SenateGOP  @POTUS You all are a bunch of traitors, COWARDS & a HUGE embarrassment to the world!
aspirational? Huh? Too bad the dew fell off the rose the very next day.
can we have a town hall?
Too bad he almost immediately reverted to batsh*t crazy conspiracy theorist.
I think you mean... inspirational? C'mon, get an intern to ghost write your tweets, at least.
Yadda Yadda Yadda. BUT meeting with your constituents isn't. #TownHall #Democracy
You confirmed #Sessions after most of us asked you not to https://www.ronjohnson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=ABBE17D5-846A-49CB-BA87-71BDFD30A95F … Comments now? #SessionsLied #russiagate
it was a teleprompted speech he never wrote never understood anything he read one big acting job ---B movie star
LOL and you threaten citizens??? You're a joke.
You work 4 the voters. Man up and meet w/ the people who pay yr salary! This is what representative democracy looks like.
Wow, must have forgotten who pays his salary. Vote the bum out! Officials need to talk to their constituents.
stop being a coward & voting repub across the board.  You are not working for us. Get out!  Your party's going up in 
I've called and emailed and after complaining about no response or town hall I get a blanket email and recorded call
Uniftying? @SenRonJohnson 11 million more voted against Trump than for him. No mandate. He should govern from center, not alt-right.
You're kidding, right?  It was extreme and fascist.  Nice try.  Did ALEC write this for you?
HE'S A HUGE FRAUD & A LIAR.  ARE YOU KIDDING????
I don't know, I feel like something was lost when it was translated from Russian, but maybe that's just me.
Grow up. Face your constituents, they won't forget you turned your back on them #doyourjob #youworkforus #resist
ya, he read real good... reality is quite different though, don't ya think?
says the child who issued a letter of tantrum against the state who elected him. Unity at its finest, indeed. Grow up
puhlease kiss ass!
A special message from Senator Ron Johnson:
Not every American believes, as you do, that LYING to the American public is aspirational. Ass yes, aspirational - NO.
\
ASPIRATIONAL;
adjective having or characterized by aspirations to achieve social prestige and material success.
INSPIRATIONAL would be you & GOP fighting against a morally bankrupt POTUS & his policies damaging democracy & its ppl
and at least FIFTY ONE major lies.. if thats inspirational to you - you need to go.
History will remember you as a coward.
#coward #wuss #wasteofskin
needs to walk the talk. He condemned hate crimes in the speech but his own actions and policies exacerbate the problem
can you tell us why your constituent Earl Good of Milwaukee was given a cease & desist letter?
Do your job, this agenda is against everything Wiscosin is about! Wake up and do what's right for people not $$$.
Did you really think it wouldn't get out that you are sending a C&D letter to your constituents? YOU WORK FOR US.
Traitor! Do your job, americans first, not you! not trump, not the party and not your DONORS!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA Yeah let's praise him because he's all of a sudden coherent! What a joke! RUSSIA/SESSIONS
Unifying won't happen until we see GOP politicians call for @POTUS's taxes and an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia
Ohhh you messed up.. Your constituents are going to give you hell. Smh.
Great job unifying the uber wealthy.  Can we get a town hall meeting?
Not inspirational enough to meet with your own constituents though. He met with his constituents. Why don't you?
Because nothing says unify like threatening your constituents with arrest because they expect your representation.
- you are a coward and a bully.
this is the face of legalized corruption. Impeachment is all this bum deserves.
so let's have a town hall so we can have a warm fuzzy conversation about it.
Things you should be concerned about-planet Earth, free and reduced lunch for kids, Trump/Russia connection, WI folk
It was a load of crap and u know it. Hey, when's your next townhall?


Too bad his honeymoon will be so shortlived. FBI hot on his trail but first will take care of Sessions. How about you?
Op-"911, what's your emergency?"
Johnson-"Send police. My constituents demanding a townhall!" 
Op-"O! HA HA HA!" Click
you talk about unifying the country then send cease and desist orders to your constituents and threaten them with jail 
You're #unfit to be in the Senate. The anger of your constituency is justified. No one complains if you're doing your job.
Suck it up, Snowflake.  When you're pursuing radical policies, you're constituents are going to let you know.
hey so about that Russia-White House investigation?
Never my president - the pussy grabber.
You are a joke issuing Cease and Desist letters to your constituents. Shameful!
With Russian stain now on Sessions, time for independent investigation. Yes? No? Need to see Trump taxes. Step Up!!
Very aspirational trying to "forge new partnerships" with Russia.  #TrumpRussia
if you can't meet with your constituents then you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #coward @POTUS
Traitors, every single member of team 45. Does Sessions speak Russian? #Liars #TraitorInChief
I have an aspirational & heartfelt idea! STOP BEING A COWARD! Cease & Desist letters 2  constituents? Classy!
Have you forgotten your job?  Your role? You serve the PEOPLE, NOT the party and NOT the president. DO YOUR JOB
More  info coming out regarding Trump & Russian election interference ( latest NYT article) Trump=treason.
Ron - all he has to do to unify the country is to release his tax returns. He's clean, right? So why not release?
Authoritarianism is the new "normal" for Republicans. - mark
You're one to talk about unity after sending your constituents cease and desist letters. Did you miss gov. 101?
I bet, unify "community" can't be the BLK ones, while having known KKK white supremacist leading the WhiteHouse!
Cease & Desist? You expect to be re-elected? Nah!!!
I think the GOP thinks we're kidding. We're laughing all the way to '18.
attempt: failed.
you are a buffoon.  Were you so helpful to Obama?
you are a shameful coward. Face your constituents.
Aspirational… Inspirational…

Potato… Potatoe…

@SenRonJohnson @POTUS
president/precedent
#Unpresidented.
Cease & desist letter? Seriously?! DO YOUR JOB. Please.
this guy swindled $ for Trump U, I cannot believe he suddenly became "presidential."  And YOU! Cease & desist. SHAME
No, unity cannot happen with choices like Bannon, DeVos, Pruitt, etc. words are empty; actions speak volumes.
1/ @SenRonJohnson @POTUS I am your constituent, and I'm throughly disgusted with your staff's Cease and Desist letter. I'll now call your...
2/ @SenRonJohnson @POTUS office every hour until I get an answer about when you'll be attending a town hall meeting. #Coward #DoYourJob
no. it was more lies delivered in a slightly less unhinged way. good to see you've lowered the bar to maintain power.
You shouldn't talk about unifying when you want to arrest the good people of Wisconsin!
The speech was all lies.
You must know somewhere in your mind that that was not heartfelt.
How about that part where the dead SEAL was supposedly smiling in heaven at the applause line he gave Trump?
it was riddled with lies actually- what I wanted to say is you are a coward for sending letter to your constituents
Resign.
NOPE.  Miss d the mark.  Exploitation of a widow.  Persecution. @GOP policies& action be kill people, animals & earth
Which part? The lie of 94m unemployed, or  violent crime at 50 year highs? Using the widow of a dead SEAL as a prop?
"One scripted speech changes nothing."  Maxine Waters.  Well said, now let's talk about Russia at your next town hall.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha who wrote it?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION! 
#trumprussia 
#trumprussia 
#trumprussia 
#trumprussia 
#trumprussia 
#trumprussia

Yeah he "aspired" to bull shit us. Even you apparently knew better than to say inspirational.
you are Deluded
If only his actions unified as well!!
like your c&d letter, 45's speech was a steaming load of heartfelt bullshit. #DoYourJob
You may want to lighten up on that Kool-Aid!
"Unifying the country" with 51 lies in 61 min, using people as props, and villifying immigrants. What a stand up guy!
Thank you for saying so. IMO, he could not have done a better job!
wow. Did u really send that c and d letter? Wow. Just wow..... #DoYourJob
You will never be re-elected not even dog    catcher
He lied in a less crazy way. Where are Trump's tax returns? Where is the investigation of his ties with Russia?
It was just the same old divisive crap wrapped in a slightly more sane package. Still full of lies and awful proposals.
why are you threatening to report your constituents to the police for requesting a townhall? Coward
you're a coward
no, no .. it wasn't
just can't unify behind liar who colluded w russia 2 hack election. U do it johnson. Fits your anti Americanism
not the words I would use, the @GOP is proving they are happy to put #partybeforecountry #houseofcards
nothing to condemn anti Semitism or the thug in Olathe all done after rhetoric from POTUS your silence speaks volumes
meet with Your people #coward
we demand an investigation into Russian ties 2 @POTUS it will be done at some point & we will not forget u are silent
Yeah, Trump's new VOICES program will be the fed. gov. version of breitbart's "black crime" reg column... -smh-
Bullshit GOP narrative while they gut regulations and prepare to pilfer everything that's not nailed down!

No sir.
Could he have maybe started on 1/20?
The thing about being unifying is that it requires more than using the word "unifying"
