Why is Prick Santorum there?
Good question. Some GOP want to replace Paul Ryan with Santorum! Apparently the Speaker of House doesn't have to be in office. Who knew?
Voting Santorum out on his ass in 2006 is still my favorite vote ever.
THEY REALLY WANT TO GIVE THE ELITE RICH FREE MILLIONS AND THEMSELVES MILLIONS IN KICK BACKS, BRIBES, SUBSIDIES & NOW INSURANCE FREE MONEY..
True insanity.
Yeah they support legalizing murder of the american people, they must be so proud.
YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING. Just when you think the Republicans can't get any lower, they find a way.
Perhaps they should include democrats who actually know how to get healthcare passed
Republicans never get tired of looking foolish!  Americans need healthcare so let's talk about the budget with a Cheshire Cat Grin.
Medical care does not vary greatly between states, who gets it does! This is a bad idea.
Grants don't work. Get real Congress.
It sounds great!!!

it's the who's who of hypocrites...what can go wrong...?
@SenRonJohnson I'm urging you to take your name off this terrible proposal because, whether either of us like it, you represent me!
Kissing up to trump again.
There's more details here than the #medicareforall bill, which is zero
What happens to people who move between states on the GCHJ plan?
Trying to ram it though in 5 days and 90 seconds of debate?  This is bullshit!
OK people. We're up again for health care.
TERRIBLE! Cuts to Medicaid will devastate elderly & disabled citizens! Cruel and MEAN! Shame on those proposing this travesty!
When you can't write legislation you pass it on to the state and call it legislation
Oh, block grants. For when you'd prefer your decisions are made by state politicians who are too dumb or vile to even make it to Congress.
Here we go again....
We here in PA voted Santorum out for a reason! Why is he involved here? #NotNormal #GOPDeathPanels
Dillweed wants to be president
GOP plan good for congress but not ok for the American people. Congress can have a block grant and go shopping for care.
Oh no.
Feels like Groundhog Day! And I should know 
He is so cute!!!!
Why does 45 wants to get rid of everything that Obama and we work so hard to get. 45 with a stroke of a pen Crush it all.b/c Obama is black!
The GOP blowing the insurance company CEOs agian. It effects Trumpers disproportionately. Natural selection at its finest.
They're trying to throw shade @BarackObama . Why not simply repair the current healthcare law? #SaveACA
Oh my God, once again, Republicans want to KILL AMERICANS.
Hell to the no. This plan is worse than the one fired in over a month ago. @senlindseygraham what are you thinking.
Block Grants = Death


Sounds just about as disastrous as Trump care. GOP seem really determined to hurt as many as possible.
Sounds awful.
The states will make sure that doesn't work - for everyone.
Cause states have proven themselves adept at handling their own budgets, robbing Peter to pay Paul 2 hide mismanagement & misappropriation.
Stinks to high Heaven of Santorum.
A bill that ur own GOP Governor's do not want! Did you even speak to them first??
The Majority of Americans reject this plan.  It is a plan for more government corruption.
I have a question. What if you travel out of state and get sick? Who pays? Does your insurance follow you? Who follows the money?
When Santorum is involved in something it's going to be horrible
At first glance this looks like a good plan. Need more detail on how this will lower our premium and get rid of the punishment tax.
Nope. Ending Medicaid expansion and ACA is a NO GO!
not the right solution
Another piece of atrocious legislation promoted by conniving GOP senators obviously out of touch with healthcare needs of Americans.
@MSNBC  yet another attempt to run away from the inevitable single payer option that rest of the planet will follow.
How will this effectively help ? I just maybe to ignorant to see how this is going to help anyone that needs healthcare.
Damn . I just noticed that I pulled a Trump again .The word "maybe" should read "may be ". Sorry for the Trump people .

We're so F'd.  Still think your protest vote was important?
I see this is a bipartisan bill, glad they're finally working together to provide healthcare for the American people. #YesThisIsSarcasm
In other words, throw money at the states & let them spend it however they'd like to 'cause states did such a good job of it Before ACA.
We don't need the Government telling us what we need. I'm glad they have a new idea. Better than Sanders bill.
GCHJ will never fly. Graham is wrong about Sander's "single payer" dream being dead. The dream will only die when it is replaced by reality.
Block grants, great!  That way states can choose to misuse the money with plausible deniability.  This is BS.
When are these going to learn "states rights" doesn't work for everything. Mid 1800's ring any bells as an example?
Well, that's that, huh? 

Go back to the drawing board. You lazy MEN are taking the easy way out. States aren't equal, so it won't work.
I think GOP should abandon the whole Health Care Bill Saga
They clearly don't have actual ideas for a better health care system. 7 years, nada. Now this would just download the nada to the states.
Lobbyist working their $$$ here
Impact..: Making it more expensive and harder for the average Joe (NOT covered by employer's insurance) to get decent insurance.
Get the Government out of Heathcare! Insurance companies and Government are scammers and not for the health benifits WTP should be getting
#NoGrahamCassidyHellerJohnson #NO_to_GCHJ
Am I going to have start this back up again? #GOPKills #TrumpCareKills
Why can't we just get the government out of healthcare?

No one gives a shit about your garbage bill, we want @SenSanders Medicare For All.
Great, let the states deny essential health coverage!  GOP just keeps winning!
yawn
A lot of words to just say you're gutting Medicaid
Pretty sure their thinking ran along the lines that those effected wouldn’t understand this policy sleight of hand.

Make NO Mistake #Fellas That Your @GOP 'Healthcare' Bill Would Leave #US For DEAD @LindseyGrahamSC @DeanHeller...! @TheHill @BuzzFeedNews
Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson-Santorum sounds like that hot new antisemitic law firm in NY. They hate other flavours as well.
