Get the rest to agree with U on that
You don't believe that, stop lying
Ronny, U R so RIGHT! REPEAL Congress's right to healthcare. This is only FAIR! If we don't need healthcare, neither do u or ur families.
Did Vern & Sherry receive advance payments of the premium tax credit? If so, they should have known they would have to pay some of it back.
Why don't all of you replace your current plans w/ACA plans right now so you will be in the same boat while you figure out what to do next?
Might be the first thing I agree with you on.  Whatever deal you negotiate.  Negotiate for all.
Absolutely.send them home.they arent doing anything anyway but obstructing
If you vote for this skinny repeal, you will be remembered as one of our nation's greatest traitors. Grow a spine and stand up for Americans
This I agree with. Give all Americans access to quality, affordable coverage
Sure hope this is not just talk
Americans don't have campaign donors to turn to when we have trouble #hypocrite
Yay!! You're proposing an amendment to give us the same plan YOU have?? That's great rj!!!!#NoSpecialTreatment #sellout
Just vote NO. Do the right thing, people over party. It's what the people of WI are begging you to do!
Can you explain what that means to you?
Why aren't you then???? ACA good for u bad 4 us straight out of republicans mouth! @IronStache @maddow @cnnbrk @SenSchumer @SenKamalaHarris
Please reach across the aisle and fix the ACA. Vote No on skinny repeal.
Yes they should! So vote NO today and work on a bill that will help ALL of us! One that isn't slapped together over lunch!
Would you have said the same thing & put them on Trumpcare had your original repeal bill passed?
Senator......Agreed. Words are cheap. Action is needed. We were Promised!
Are you going to buy out of pocket the same insurance I buy?
Please vote for skinny bill to go to the House; from a small business owner !!!  Thank you
Somehow I don't think this will prevent you from voting for a bill that DOES exempt congress. Prove me wrong. #VoteNoBCRA
Save & fix ACA. Work with medical professionals & drug companies to reduce costs. Don't take care away from the people needing it the most.
Please vote NO on the current GOP healthcare plan. As Americans we should help people and not turn our backs to them.  Save and fix ACA
Make it happen then, just like you are allowing us to get screwed by #TrumpCare - you also should be on same sinking ship 
This won't end well. But you can say you voted no when it was most important.
I agree give us the same health care plan you politicians give yourselves. Thanks it's about time you treat us fairly.
This smells of #McCain saying #BCRA is a terrible idea then voting for it.
Agreed! All Americans should have access to quality healthcare.
This sounds so reasonable. Has your account been hacked?!?!
Agree 100%! We all deserve Cadillac coverage! If you have it so should we.
Y can't Americans be in the same boat as Congress? We'd have better health care.
Where is this amendment? This is a MUST. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SenTedCruz @RandPaul
No question to anyone except those in Washington
More #grandstanding DO SOMETHING
Too bad you didn't vote that way. And do something about that bigot in the Whitehouse.
Thats right
Yep.  Show my senator John McCain new rates that came out today in AZ. For 1 person ! $6K ded !
So why did you vote the way you did today? We are watching. You work for us, remember?
Agreed. You get the same lack of healthcare that we get.
Except Ron is a multi-millionaire, so there's that.
Yeah, his is a yacht and ours is a dinghy.
It is time for Article 5.
Yeah, You believe that don't you? I'd like 2 be in your boat. You have Single Payer. @GOP are hypocrites.
Same health coverage, no severance or life time benefits- now you're talking realistic
Vote no.  Reach across the aisle. Fix the problems. Look at insurance companies and big pharmacy.
Absolutely right Senator! What's good for the US is good for the Congress. We should all live OR die with the same healthcare system.
We have to ask ourselves if I had what Senator McCain has would I be able to get the same treatment he is getting.
if Congress was subject to ACA they'd repeal it yesterday.
Thank you Senator Johnson! If it's good enough for avg Americans it sh be good enough for Congress
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Agreed. Give us all the health plan you folks get. Thanks!
Honestly. It's seriously that easy.
Okay great, now stop trying to take away the boat. We'd rather not drown.
On healthcare but that won't happen. Just vote No on #trumpcare
In the #VoteARama you guys should vote for congress to have the same healthcare as us. No exemptions. Get everyone on the record.
by having access to quality health care I assume you mean
Since you are all multimillionaires, not likely the same boat. Guess God picked you to live a healthy, successful life.
@SenateGOP hate that a black man held office. Hate that ACA is ref'd to as Obamacare. So much so that they will allow Americans to suffer.
Awesome!  Did you propose any amendments today requiring this?
