What a joke! You govern for the benefit of the unelected oligarchical puppeteers like the Kochs.
Govt should not be controlling any part of our healthcare. Obama worked for his cronies too.
Health insurance profiteers controlled our healthcare for decades, bankrupting our citizens and our health. You prefer that foolishly.
Tell us the bankruptcy rate of citizens due to health care costs.  Can't wait to hear this.
The health care bankruptcy rate for Americans was reduced by 50 percent because of the ACA.
Flexibilty to remove protections for preexisting conditions, allow lifetime caps, & stop coverage for pregnancy and newborns. #prodeath
What is wrong with that? Why is a single man paying for pregnancy?
And, you are fine with them removing protection for those with pre-existing conditions and allowing lifetime caps?
Free markets have the better solutions. You are a control freak and you kill innovation and creativity.
So, yes. You want to go back to people dying due to pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps. Got it.
And the truth is, high-risk insurance plans will be supplied by a free mkt. They are now in other areas. govt control kills innovation.
Ah, so you are ok with poor people dying. Got it.
I can't wait to see how Illinois handles their block grant. They haven't had a budget in 2 years.
Can't believe free Americans have agreed to have their lives ruled by 535 and are giving up States' rights.
I live in Illinois. I don't want my state government to run anything. Why do we believe that states are better equipped than Fef govt?
Why do you believe fed govt should be given your $$ to dole out? Fed govt has us $20trill in debt and $200 trill unfunded liabilities
"Dole out?" Are they giving away free cash? I'm just wanting Medicare expanded to cover everyone - not free cash.
how you can really lie to the Am people to bow to your donors.  You know how much damage this would do--shame on you.  Glad it failed
Your support for grahamcassidy is a BETRAYAL of all Americans and your constituents.
Get govt out!!! They are sooooo corrupt. That will never change.
And let them allow insurance companies jack up rates for pre existing conditions so not affordable.  No oversight for states on lots!
Cuts Medicaid and penalizes the handicapped and elderly. You are no friend of anyone except the 1%.
I look forward to working towards repealing and replacing you in the Senate. This bill is a disaster. Shame on you both!
No.  Keep Obamacare!!'
Basically you are turfing health care to the states to figure out.  You can't get it done, what makes you think states will? Terrible bill!
Said by an elected Washington bureaucrat
No, work with Dems toward universal healthcare. Bring down drug prices. Find most efficient ways to deliver quality healthcare
You r nuts just like your buddy trump!
You mean like Wisconsin, that can't even figure out how to finance it's road projects...I'm a constituent of yours, who are you kidding?
What the hell senator three times and this is the Tribble you come up with....time to drain the swamp democrat style!
Unfortunately McCain has little interest in assisting the American people in fixing this onerous mess &his reason is beyond bizarre
Lol  I can't wait to see all you republicans loose their seats in 2018
Your constituents oppose this bill.
Tailor them so people who are born with a disability cannot receive medical coverage? Tell the truth
Flexibility = cuts to services. Bad for kids. Let's #ExtendCHIP so that 170,000 kids can still go to the doctor when they need to
No we will use unelected state beaucrats who have never done health care and only give them 2 years to complete. Good plan. Not
You're kind of an elitist meanie pants
If this insurance is so good, will you sign up for it?
Have you talked with any of your constituents?  Does any Wisconsinite support this?  You work for us.  Hold a town hall and let us speak.
Where's Russ FEINGOLD when we need him!
You're not fooling us. Give up you're tax pay or insurance. GOP just trying to save a buck at our expense.
So you want to throw millions off their health insurance.  You are all un-american.
No wonder the man behind you is suppressing a laugh

Homeland Security says Russian hackers targeted Wisconsin's voter registration system http://bit.ly/2ffRsD9  
Riiiigghhhht because Wisconsin is known for caring for its citizens.
READ MY LIPS, you don't GIVE states anything. Under the law, they GIVE you specific power/money. YOU WERE NEVER GIVEN HC TO GOVERN!!!!!
INSURANCE COMPANIES are saying this is a bad bill! It's bad for health, bad for jobs, bad for prosperity. I can't fathom how ugly this is.
SO MANY EXPERTS are coming out against this bill! Why ignore those voices? Who bought you? Why are you selling out your state's health?
I can't figure out why you think it's okay for a state to decide its constituents don't deserve certain types of health care.
Do you speak in actual words, or just slogans?
So you will be first to sign you and your family up ASAP on the new plans with caps and increased rates for pre-existing, right?
WRONG!! Chopping millions from Medicaid is immoral...
Fix healthcare...don't hurt us citizens!
I trust the bureaucrat more than the special interest groups that are running Wisconsin
I have a great idea, let's let the GOP kill people. I am sure that is what "the people" really want. GOP is toxic to your health.
Ron Johnson is a liar and a coward. Hold a #TownHall and face the constituents you intend to kill with this horror of a #DeathCare bill.
So let me see if i understand this.  People get sick differently depending on which state they live in?  Where do these morons come from?
LIAR. Millions lose cover & costs skyrocket for everyone else. Ends Medicare. Disabled,seniors,women,vets lose cover.
#ACA, better than DEAD
Give people the choice #SinglePayer
This is the most read Ridiculous and self-serving statement regarding healthcare do the right thing senator
So you are willing to be bribed by the Koch brothers in exchange for thousands of people's lives. Shame
Oh brother with Walker at the helm.  He cant even run WI without being in the red...what would he do to health care
No it actually puts more weight on the shoulders of the states! Some will do ok and others will be disastrous! But so you care? Who's 4 this
The eyes of Wisconsin are watching...
@LindseyGrahamSC @USATODAY That is a crock of bs.
Call it what it is...a tax cut

Just how UNIQUE will their healthcare B if they don’t have the money that U R giving 2 UR DONORS CAUSE THEY DEMAND TAX CUTS..POOR BABY
No blank check !!
Sen Johnson U R the worst excuse 4 a human there is..state grants R A laugh..U CUT THOSE GRANTS 2 STATES SO POOR PEOPLE WILL SUFFER.
U think people don’t know what U and UR GOP cronies R doing..taking medicade money so U can give tax breaks to UR DONORS..PRESSURE
I hope if this bill passes UR first townhall should B a beauty..wonder if they will throw rocks..UR DONORS MUST B ON UR ASS
Your plan is DISASTEROUS & U DON'T CARE!!!!!! ALL PSEUDO CHRISTIANS & IT'S DISGUSTING!!!!!! HOPE U ALL LOSE YOUR JOBS FOR THIS INHUMANE ACT!
You’re a coward... kicking the can to the states
How about a town hall, Senator? Justify your position and get feedback from constituents.
You're deranged
I don't see what Trump has to do with that.
Thanks for making healthcare unaffordable for those of us with pre-existing conditions!
Why not cover all Americans like every other major country? Why don't we deserve it? Trying to make more money for your friends?
Because we are better than evwry other country and money doesn't grow on trees, you dmbfck
If you don't provide parameters or protections, it doesn't work. 7 years of bitching and this is what you come up with? Fix the ACA.
Free market is superior. Govt rule is an arcane concept.
They did that by rejecting Medicaid money. Why give them money they didn't want?
There are NO unique health care problems. Wake up, get real, raise your $s from your constituents not the Kochs and Adelsons.
If you vote yes you own the chaos that will come from a bad bill full of loopholes
Racism. Who will have insurance? Wealthy white people.
We saw what states did when the refused the Medicaid expansion.  We see what you're doing.
Political donations over Americans health care is dispicable!!!
You know yhis plan is awful. Stop misleading people. Listen to @JohnKasich
Hey Ron - ALL FIFTY state's Medicaid Directors HATE your bill. Your tweet reeks. Grow a sack and stand up to the Kochs. Save the @GOP!
And straitjacket Medicaid so that the elderly and children have no/limited healthcare. Proud to be a Republican!
Is Wisconsin going to let all insurance companies to compete in the state?
Ron, the @GOP needs to grow a sack and stand up to the Kochs. the Koch Bros. and Trump will KILL the @GOP. Be a man, not a puppet.
There are no "unique health care needs" in any particular state. People get sick in ALL states!
Hey Ron, Pence said on Fox and Friends this morning that we shouldn't trust anyone in Wash DC. So why should we trust you? Koch Bros R evil.
Enough with your "State" code word.  This isn't Jefferson's world anymore you heel. You are simultaneously applauding Foxconn's arrival.
If this is such a great bill, why the rush? No hearings. No CBO score. Just a backroom bill.
No.
You just want the "flexibility" to define insurance as something rich-healthy people have; and poor-sick can go fuck themselves.
If it is so great, why is the AMA opposed?
The people already have the plan they want, fix what is wrong with it.
Booooo!!! Boooo you!! You live on the government teat and want others to be "more responsible"? Boooo!!!

This bill songs like a good thing! Thank you!
Interesting that you are the only person in this thread that thinks so.
If you vote for this bill we will work VERY hard to replace you with someone who actually cares about the people of this state
Please stop. This bill is garbage and you (and your staffers/LAs) know it
The good news is none of you will everbe electable again so it will all get patched under the dystopian frameworks you have created.
Anyone who isn't either a moron or your psycho rich donors is against it. Your argument is asinine and your craven self interest transparent
What is it you few politicians get that no other health organization in the workd recommends? Are you the smartest guys in the room?
That is talking points hyberbole bull.
Ugh.  You just dont get it, you Republican.
Why in God's name aren't u listening to John McCain!  U must return to regular order & work with each other for a solution!

NOPE. We're not buying it. Work on a bipartisan fix to the ACA.
I HATE THE ACA. It has dragged the US economy down to a full stop and taking it into reverse. If you want to killmthe US, keep it up.
Are you actually ok with bribing @lisamurkowski? And letting AK keep Ocare pretty much undercuts everything you're saying. Hypocrite!
Washington bureaucrats have been quietly and ably serving this nation in a more effective manner for years. Congress has done nothing.

@LindseyGrahamSC @USATODAY How many women have YOU consulted about this horrible plan?
Who do you owe ? Stop this insanity and think of the people.
State bureaucrats are so much better.
Literally killing the people of Wisconsin for Koch tax dollars and maybe a tax cut. JUDAS
WI Gov'ner & Congress can't do a budget on time, how are they going to handle Health Ins. They would let WI folks die.
You're not listening to us! We don't want this plan and you're hell bent on repealing just to spite Dems. This plan is GARBAGE! #shame
I am sorry he is stupid.
With no guarantee pre-existing conditions will be covered. @jimmykimmel read the damn thing. Have you?
Is he stupid? So is this to say one states has total cancer patients and another does not?
Real reason you like this bill: hurts states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare (blue) and helps states that didn't because Obama (red).
No you r wrong AMERICA
Can't wait to vot the GOP asshats out of office.
Throwing to states in this form is absolutely negligent. Do you really think so little of experts and your constituents? What is going on?
The AMA and ALL 50 Medicaid directors are against your plan. Experts in medicine know it's a sham. Y'all should be ashamed for pushing it!!!
Flexibility?  Newsflash, healthcare is not unique for human beings no matter where they live and block grants means no tie to real costs.
I did not realize that state lines dicated health issues -- SILLY ME! MASS MIGRATION - from one state to another.Better plan for it.
I see Trump trained you how to lie. FOOL
Baby boomers in power for themselves.They need to retire.Let Gen X and the millennials bring this country forward.

You are lying
This is crap! 
How do you look at your self in the mirror. People will die, people in your state.
This bill is reprehensible!  You both should be ashamed!
Do you not have any heart attacks in Wisconsin or something?
Nope!
You never answered Todd's query on metrics & accountability for pre-existing condition. You answered by trashing ACA, you've no credibility.
@GOP #LIES
Taking money from programs that assure the well being of the most vulnerable among us...dress it up any way you want...we deserve better...
You are going to lose your next election because you are killing your constituents with this horrible bill
Right. Always better 2 let state bureaucrats determine yr fate. They r so much more worried about seniors, kids, the disabled, etc. NOT.
Some bought out local yokel, yeah right, you people are priceless.
I want your health insurance

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Unique health care needs? Do cancer treatments differ based on geography. Do you know this is an addlebrained tweet or are you this dumb?
Sounds more like passing the buck to me
Healthcare needs are not unique across states.  Cancer and other diseases don't discriminate in the way you would like and suggest.  #shame

You do know millions of people reading your words are highly intelligent right ?
You want to steal money from states that have the Medicaid exp to states that didn't allow it like @GovScottWalker
The states don't want this. Ask their Governors. The people don't want this either.
GOP whores sucking off the Koch Bros for cash, at the expense of everyday Americans:
...Fine...then the States that Elected Trump need to Stop Paying Your Salary...!..
Pour honey over it all you want, underneath all that honey #GrahamCassidy is pure .
You guys know that if you pass your bill you'll be out of work when you're up for reelection right?
"Flexibility" is the Republibertarian word for "F*** the poor & the sick".  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Yeah, the "flexibility" to screw people with PECs.   I've read it.
Do you carry the Koch brother's slippers?
I rather we do what EVERY OTHER INDUSTRIALIZED nation has done successfully. Instead of having you constantly fucking with our health care.
Fix the ACA -stop sucking up to the Koch brothers
States are not doing anything typically great on health system before ACA, why would they start now?
Wrong
An insurance Company Bean Counter is no better
You are panicking Blanche/Lindsey #DotardTrump
No
No. It's not better. You're lying to yourself and the American people. How you can look yourself in the mirror supporting this cruel bill?
This bill is bad, really, really bad. Vote no
Would you and all of Congress get this 'unique' healthcare?
So my health care needs change if I move?  Are you really this ignorant? Diabetes, cancer, etc don't care what state you live in.
Oh good we get to rely on Walker who can't even get our school system up to #OKAY
is it even worth explaining that this will ultimately kill pre-existing conditions coverage.
I've needed the same care in Kansas, NY, and Wisconsin. Why should my health care coverage be left up to the whims of the state?
Because they answer to you. So make sure your State doesn't regulate health insurance. Then you will have best plans/coverage.
Why must we keep begging you to not take our health care away.
No. We *all* need healthcare; opt-out of essential health benefits, return of lifetime caps & preexisting condition discrimination is wrong.
Shame on you @SenRonJohnson. Koch bros bought Wisconsin and they have no interest in us having decent healthcare.
Government Healthcare is terrible..thousands of Veterans are dead today because Government Healthcare let them die waiting for care
Nope
I'm a 47 year old Wisconsin voter. If you vote for this bill, I'll never vote for you, If you vote for this I'll work against you
Jesus helped the poor and needy.Selfish greedy uncaring republican congress unhealthy bill will cause the poor and needy to suffer.Shame!
Medicaid isn't going away, you dmbass
As opposed to the elected Washington bureaucrats who want to give tax cuts to their wealthy contributors like yourself?
Because the elected could be working for special interests? You insult govt. workers. Learn history why govt jobs are not subject to whim
My health care need was maternity/NICU care. How does allowing insurers to eliminate the benefit help me & family? #GrahamCassidy
Not when there isn't enough state funding to meet needs! #togetherwearebetter
I looked through every comment on this thread. Not one supported your bill.  LISTEN TO US!  FIND YOUR $ FOR CORPORATE TAX CUTS SOMWHERE ELSE
what did Governors Kasich and Hogan say ? Both GOP ???????
As usual, your greedy& ignorant theory is going to be tested on the healthcare and its affordability for Citizens--life & death issues.
You clearly don't have a clue as to how health decisions are made by patients! Any plan that cuts affordable access is unacceptable!
You and most GOP have become the enemy of Citizens in your desperate lust for any win on GOP list of unsavory &dishonest election promises!
Saw you on talk shows today. Talking over commenters doesn't make your point. It makes you look like the rude, obnoxious idiot you are.
Quit telling these lies to Wisconsinites you could not answer one single question honestly about this legislation on morning Joe! You're out
NO!!!    NO to Graham - Cassidy - Heller - Johnson     NO!!!
No. Just plain no. That will be a no vote for you when the term is up.
