







Kiss me while your husband's not home.

Love you so much @FLOTUS!! This is adorable!!! Merry Christmas  
Absolute two favorite people on the planet! Merry Christmas Mr. and Mrs. President   @POTUS @FLOTUS 
Mine too! Love them both!
YES, FK THE REST, WE HAVE THE BEST 

Merry Christmas
Great picture ! Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Ho Ho Ho ... #poordear


Merry Christmas to our wonderful @FLOTUS!!

Merry Christmas to you and yours.
LOVE YOU @FLOTUS !!!! You make us all so proud!!! Keep up the loving heart and great work and don't listen to the snowflakes!!!
لا تتميلحي.
Please die! Merry Freaking treasonous Christmas
Beautiful 
Mummy
#MerryChristmas
Beautiful
Merry Christmas
Donny must be so proud. The country has gone from some of the classiest women on the planet to a wanta-be porn actress. Donny wonders why he gets no respect,REALLY!!!!!

That is so pretty. It amazes me what people can create.


If I had that body, I would show it off to
You are the prettiest first lady.For sure
Merry Christmas.BeverlyholmJarshae
She is the most beautiful lady I have ever seen her family of course a beautiful intelligent and I am so thankful that United States we have them thank you God bless you God bless USA amen
#MuellerChristmas!
Potraaaa!!!!
Merry Christmas and God Bless You,Donald and Baron.
I think you should see an ophthalmologist about that eye. (That's an eye doctor.)
I hope she has Obamacare! Where's #barrontrump's pic? Poor kid what great examples of parents he has @MelaniaTrump being nude all over Internet and #Trumpocchio vindictive evil father never around!
Merry Christmas to you Melania you're a very classy First Lady
Nothing says Merry Christmas like a “Look at Me” sexy selfie from the most prestigious female role model in America #FirstLady. Another reason I encourage my daughters not to look up to you. Wrong message on this day.
Jealous?
Keep your head up melania. God knows what you’ve had to do for the money
Gorgeous
Merry HO Christmas
Reminds me of what my Grandmother always said about class. You have it or you don't, no matter how much money, etc. No class at all in the current White House.

O-M-G! It's so funny because it's so true! 
Except for the facts that Obama added more jobs every year, but you were never interested in truth, the hate means more to you.
Oh, is welfare a job now?
No use. They're all like that... SMH...
yup. youre all like that Brian K believable and Michelle O classy????  aaahahaha
I could never go for some glamour girl. I've dated models before and couldn't wait for it to be over. I like real women. I hope Trump don't dump you when appearance can't be fixed with surgery. Good luck.
That has got to be the dumbest thing I’ve ever read on Twitter!
Too bad your husband doesn't treat you the way a man who loves his wife does


You forgot all the Sexual Affairs, Unpaid Contractors on the Trump International Ho-Tel. 127 dsys playing Golf at a cost if $475K per-hour of Tax Payers $$$......just for Starters!
Couldn't give a crap who he had sex with before becoming President, unpaid contractors? personal disputes. 
Wow! A President who plays golf. I couldn't care less how much he hits the links as long as he keeps up the fantastic job. 
#THANK #YOU #PresidentTrump

You got these right from Democrat headquarters right?
Day #338 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) really getting into the holiday spirit! There's nothing like lavish hostage funded festivities! And, screw you, Puerto Rico!Treasons Greetings!
Fuck, I just love you. Lol

#WereSayingMerryIndictmentsAgain
#treasonsgreetings
Let me ask you guys, if Trump is found innocent, what will you do with your lives? What will occupy your time then? Where will you direct your hate?
The leftist media & these Trump haters will continue waking up n their parents basement…
we dont even have basements in California. check. mate.
ur absolutely brilliant, u actually took tweet literally……Wow
Disgraceful for a First Lady, Christmas or not.  You look like a model on a photo shoot for the front page of Hustler.  I'm sure the elderly and poor will appreciate this photo given how you and hubby don't care about them, only your millionaire friends at Mar-a-Largo.
Jealous much?? This is an adorable photo and Our first lady can have some fun with her cell phone too while creating a Christmas pic!!!
Merry Christmas ....and to the president....thank you for changing your life to help the president take the reins ...
WTF are you even talking about?? Changing her life for the “president’s”? Oh my god, man. Do you even HEAR yourself??
So if you're are married to the person that wins presidency....your life doesn't change?wtf are you nuts?
So tell me....how is she helping trump “take the reins”? What does this chick even do in the White House?? What did she even do BEFORE???
I just saw you're Canadian and your profile is anti this anti that ...you don't live here ...you have that #Lilly Trudeau....drift ...
Great answer. Thanks!!! 
You're welcome...
Seriously buddy, you need to wake up.
That is most definitely the most beautiful Santa Claus I have ever seen.  Sir Don can't even come close
we lo lot go Kenya gone we zone Melania we lou lot lay Jew NICE way SPEAK of say we lo lot go Kenya show Thank You 2024 we lou lot lay Saudi through we lo lot go Kenya gay of the way we say lot lay of the way.
Unless you’re one of the millions poor and deprived by wealthy scum.
Try getting a job and stop stealing from others with handouts. 
I'll tell that to my 89 yr old dad.
Please do! If you’re dad worked for a living I’m sure his savings, social security, and family will ensure he’s just fine.
Relax skippy, don’t have a heart attack on Christmas!!
Come find me. I’ll be waiting.

我的身份号吗：”Ma xiao qin UNHCR NO:186-12C04343
What's up with her right eye in this picture? Now that ain't right...
What was wrong with all of michelle? Nothing could fix that.
Are you jelly of Michelle?
Da li si mozda bila na letovanju u makarskoj 1989? To me jako interesuje, mislim da sam te upoznao tada.

Beautiful! News cant stand that your beauty alone is a powerful gift from God. You dont needa “platform” Being a beautiful woman is way more powerful then a loudmouth feminist in the WH You are the  most beautiful 1rsr lady in history News is jelous. They can never have that gift
Dearest beautiful First Lady- god bless you and our great POTUS and your beautiful family
Very nice and Beautyful Girl.. I like you..
زب بنت متنك اليهود الشرمط 
Mam so beautifull
Merry Holidays @FLOTUS!
You guys are LAME!!!
Michel, this might cure your lameness. Or not. 
She is very pretty. Is this supposed to be shaming her?  I thought you ?Liberal nut jobs didn’t believe shaming Women.


Simply Beautiful!
如果我的信息给带来困扰，请您理解一个妈妈，请您多多包涵！
awesome looking
I don't like U. I think U R a money-seeker at ANY expense, even UR own son. The way U treat Baron is horrid. He will never be "normal" or "humanitarian" like the Kennedy's. UR love of wealth & staying with a sociopath is criminal. But I have to admit, this is my fav pic of U.
Perfect
You’re a wonderful First Lady Melania. You’re very gracious and kind.
There is one #KEYDifference between our current #FLOTUS and the #LastOne: Can You Spot It? Hint: Nothing to do with black or white. Everything to do with #AmericaFirst. 

#YouCanLeaveYourHatOn 
#TrumpTrain
#AmericaFirst
#MerryChristmas 
#IslamaBAD
#WhatYouCanDoForYourCountry
ALL THE OBAMAS HAVE BRAINS & CLASS...
*LACK
Lovely. 
Soft porn FLOTUS. 
Sigh...
How far have we fallen from class, grace and dignity.
Michelle, we miss you so much. 
Micheal obama a so called lady with a p*nis
Jealous because the black flotus never looked good, no matter how hard he tried.
Uhm, I think your trailer needs a mirror, Hon 
 Honey, i live in a gorgeous, beautifully furnished brick 2,400 sq ft 2 story, 5 bedroom, 3 1/2 bath home. I’ve never lived in a trailer. Am i jealous of michael obama? You’re the one attacking our gorgeous FLOTUS. 
If you want to call old black leather monstrosities and dark-brown & beige cheap swags beautifully furnished LOL
Ok so people are hating on her because she posted a selfie getting into the Christmas spirit. Let that sink in for a second... I don't understand why people are so quick to hate on her just because she's Trump's wife. Does being in a relationship MAKE you your significant other?
Point being, she's not Donald Trump. Sure, she's married to him, but she isn't him. As an Australian, I don't understand why she gets so much hate so can someone please explain it to me?
I don’t think it’s right ppl r hating on her. However, she is the 1st lady & has a duty to uphold to all the young girls looking up 2 her
I see, thank you! That's a really good point and I definitely get where you're coming from 
What’s this, the “happy” hooker Christmas portrait?
Is this you in that profile pic...?
No, i tend to use stranger’s pictures for my profile pic. Of course that’s me. I’m Hispanic and i support my President and First Lady.
LOL, it was a rhetorical question...you know “ugly” 
Team Milania!!  Surely not Team Ivanka
You look amazing 
Look at the gold digger kids! She’s proof some people will “do” anything for $$$.
BEAUTIFUL
My favorite "So playful"
" Happy New Year "
做为妈妈非常担忧他们的成长，肯请第一夫人您能帮我们离开印尼，能够来美国自由的地方生活，请您帮帮我的孩子，他们是无辜的，谢谢，非常感谢您，
Merry Christmas
Love 
stunning
Your absolutely beautiful, proud to call you our finest first lady EVER. May God bless you and yours in 2018.
Please research Melania's past. Uneducated porn star as our finest first lady?
Too much eye make. Actually makes one look older as one ages. Look doesn't work on Sarah Hucklebee Sanders either. Wearing black to support #silencebreakers?
That's a really cute picture.  You seem to be as nice as you are beautiful.
Beautiful woman
Beautiful!
Bless you and your family @FLOTUS
wow I like
You are beautiful! Wonderful picture!
u r so beauty
Is this a bus ad for Scores?
Not a selfie.
Happy New Year to you
Are you frkn kidding me?!? Ridiculous representation of OUR country.
Merry Christmas to a fine first family Healthy happy New Year
Any clothes on under the hat?
Playboy pic
Melanie Trump please help bring Bob Levinson home 
Just trashy.
Im ashamed
With a face like that — no doubt - try Ajax & bleach
We have a stunning First Lady !  You go girl

Nice
Happy new year from this side of the pond you beautiful couple #power #success  @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump
probably one pic you should've left in the bedroom!!!
your lips fill me with flavor.
Did you see this?
Really? The first lady doesnt take flirtatious selfies! No class at all!
how is it - kissing a sh*thole?  disgusting! #TrumpShutdown #Resistance #BlueTsunami2018
Thank you for adding class back into our WH! 
Awesome pic
happy new year to the most beautiful first lady ever    what a difference  and very dignified   100% opposite of what was in white house   mrs. vegetable eater
I feel so sorry for you, all the money  in the world could not make me marry a jerk like Donald! You seem so nice!
Please don't listen to all the hateful people that are being so ugly this holiday season
No ma'am
Merry Christmas! 

You’re doing First Lady wrong.
have fun as you lead America and Americans to the right direction.merry Christmas
Have a nice day or night miss trump!
Now that's a beautiful First Lady
Which one
Really?

President Trump included on a list of top nuclear threats: http://on.msnbc.com/2ly1D9O  
Love you
So Beautiful. Proud of Our First Lady.
GOD BLESS OUR FIRST LADY, PRESIDENT AND FIRST FAMILY !! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!
Lovely pics
Ur husband stated Daughter-Wife Ivanka has a better body than you. care to comment?
Sick  SOB
Soooo sweeeeet lady!
You look like a hooker - no class- your predecessors had class & did not marry for money
One beautiful 1st lady!
what a darling photo. You are a beautiful FLOTUS,wife, mom & now Grandma. You have a wonderful life. Ignore all the haters.  Prayers for you & your beautiful family. Happy New Year or as we say in Maui Haole Makahiki Hou!  Gonna try & turn Maui Red. Peace be with You.
I miss the dignity of Michelle Obama
Adorable
You really need to get out safely. The NYT interview shows how pathologically ill your orange spouse is. You and Barron need to get to somewhere safe. We are not kidding. He is sick. And dangerous.
Happy New Year beautiful First Lady I hope it feels great to wake up in your world each day. I truly do. You deserve to be happy. Bless your heart. You have quite the story to tell. I look forward to hearing it.
So cute!
I knew you were a #Snowflake
Cool Ladey
She has the same porn lips from just a few years ago.

Good Luck in 2018! 
Great 1st lady!
Lol,cute pic
Merry Christmas, First Lady Melania!!! 
Better living through chemistry. You look bizarre.
Curious, Did you use Kardashian glam / pinup http://squad.Sex  sells right?
Please follow me. I am a big fan and huge supporter of you and your family.  You are a perfect example of a great mom and hard working woman. I am needing some advice,  I am a mother as well.  God bless
Such a cute and fun picture!
WTF!?!

Hustler cover ???
Most beautiful first lady ever!
Porn star posing as First Lady.
gross
And you chose this thing who most Americans hate as your mate. I guess a gold digger like you only sees his bank account.  Please teach chubby hubby to wear a bra or something.
Lmao at all the hatters on here who can't stand the sight of a beautiful successful woman your jealousy is amusing...Keep up the good work @Flotus you truly are beautiful  ##MAGA
-Melania, Milan.

-Milan, Melania.
merry christmas
Love this picture. Very cute and whimsical.
Does @MELANIATRUMP know something I don’t? Is she retweetimg everything from her personal account because she’s losing access to @FLOTUS soon?
#MerryChristmas  
Thank you ma'am. Happy New year's to you and your family...
Thanks...
I to je uglavnom sve što imaš za ponuditi kao prva dama - sliku same sebe. Kao i muž. Bravo 
EEow epic first world lady  Leader
DUCK LIPS!
Felices navidades señora primera dama
You are a beautiful graceful lady love the who you are you make the white house a place of beauty, God Bless you ,and wishing g you a very happy new year with .your Husband Donald and family
SO PRETTY MRS.CLAUS. YOU ARE A WONDERFUL FIRST LADY.
Great image to inspire children.
jaweeeek behyy
