So nice to have Christmas back in the USA
Where the hell have you been? Russia? Guess you never noticed Xmas spending reports.
Russia, might of well as been under the communist Obama administration
Communist Obama administration? Ha! Like the present admin's suppression of media and free speech? Watcher of Fox News, I take it

You, me, his victims, all the people he owes money too, and most of America!!
From what I heard today many dims might be behind those bars
Were any 'dims' indicted? Again, English is not your language i take it?
And?!!!! They're nobody
I'll explain! The lovely woman wearing the purple coat is Melania Trump, our First Lady of the United States. The young man with her is her son Barron. You're welcome and Happy Thanksgiving!
Hold your breathe, no explanation needed! Again I ask and?! Restated "their nobody" #notmyflotus #notmypotus.  #yourdismissed
the next 7 years are going to be hard for you.  Turn your frown upside down!
Nah his dumb ass will get impeached. He's crooked!  I'm unbothered...
If you were unbothered, you wouldn't have commented in the first place. Best off for you to stay in your illiterate lane.
Nice tree, beautiful horses, good music. See that was easy to say something nice.
I'm tired of this damn depression just kill me already
How does Barron feel knowing his father was out screwing porn stars right after you gave birth to him?
Love you Melania and Barron! The tree will be beautiful!
beautiful...
Love that!
me too
Great


Someone or something keeps undoing my likes and retweets I don't know who's doing it or what to doing it but that's not fair I support the president and first lady and their family and someone keeps taking my likes and retweets away and undoing them I wish it would stop
He’s getting so tall!!! He’s going to be the tallest one in the family.
. tRumps are the most ungrateful bunch these eyes have ever seen! A sad chapter in the history of these United States of America!
DO YOU NEED US TO GET YOU OUT?
Is Mrs. Trump opposed to putting her arms in the sleeves of her coats?
She can wear the coat over the shoulders
She has a good figure and doesn't need to "hide" behind a coat, unlike another F.L. who just Should have hid behind something
Then why not just wear a cape?
Scarry huh when your son is as tall as you. you are both wonderful people, thank you both for your service for our country
Cool sexy
How do women walk in those frickin heels. I'd have foot injuries for months!
Melania, what if I told you there are sleeves on coats for a reason.
The son looks so depressed
When's the sleepover at Ray Moore's house?

Poor kid, always looking so lost and bored
Beautiful!
Barron always looks like he's just not for the shits today 
He is on the spectrum. Please don't make fun of him.

Omg he walks just like him
All I said was he walks like his dad
Beautiful welcome to the Christmas Tree.  Happy Holidays for the wonderful first family.
The wonderful First Family left, in January, Rosa.
Please...


Melania, you’re just now retweeting the arrival of the Christmas tree from last November?
Thank you for having professionals write your tweets.  Nothing to be ashamed of in that, it is right and fitting for someone of your station. I wish your husband would follow your good example.  Merry Christmas, Ma’am.
The First Lady and her lovely son are so gracious.   Look how tall Barron has gotten.  I am proud of all the First Family.
What’s gracious about her.
She walks like a women.  Something Muchchell was unable to do
You both look so awkward, all the time. And you need to hire a stylist. You don't know how to dress yourself.
that poor horse was scared to death..he'd heard about Melania's past hijinks with dogs:
they look like they're going to an execution. so wooden. joyless. I feel sorry for them.
Wisconsin loves you! Let’s #MakeChristmasGreatAgain
I really pity that child.
Yeah, What did ya' say about Obama's daughter for Smoking pot & Hiking up her Shorts at a WH party? Nothing...I know because that's how Snowflakes melt
Certainly the miserable, hateful Liberals will find something distasteful about this. Perhaps the tree came from Russia? Keep mouthing off Liberals - it's great for Trump's second term and Ivanka's first in 2024.  GOD Bless America and the entire Trump family.
yes, of course ivanka is the best for 2024....
Nice to have a real woman in the White- House after 8 years.
Richard is threatened by educated, intelligent women so he feels compelled to impugn their femininity.
I think Richard is right. Melania is more beautiful than Michael.

Love OUR First family!
First lady Melania Trump, son Barron welcomed the White House Christmas  tree today, a 19.5 ft Balsam fir grown in Endeavor, Wisconsin.

Barron is so refreshing. We are blessed to have your family. God Bless you.
It would have been nice to take her son over to pet the horse. Let him show and receive some kindness. Everything looks so stiff and formal.
Love those horses too !  What a wonderful winter wonderland you have made in the WH.  Just breathtaking !
How come we don't have  and American for a First Lady? Why did we have to go to the former Soviet Union to find one?
What values do you teach your son exactly??
Beautiful clydesdales and they didn't even stop to pet them.  Weirdest bunch ever. Didn't pet the turkeys either and this is an ll yr old boy. A very scared, depressed ll yr old but what a bunch  of strange people. No Wh.Hse puppy? Incredibly weird.
Poor kid looks so unhappy. 
Beautiful FLOTUS and handsome First Son!  How precious!  God bless the Trump family!
It seems that Barron has grown so tall in under a year! I bet he'll be taller than his father #POTUS.
I hope the @WhiteHouse kitchen staff can keep up with this growing young man. #GreatMom, #FLOTUS
they have no clue of anything do they SAD
I bet it smells so good...love having a real tree.
He is getting so tall, what a handsome guy he is
Great women inspire great change. You have the power to do so. What holds you back?
In recent photos, I've not seen him smile. I believe the children of officials are off limits, however if he has a diagnosis that you are not advocating, and that you could affect major research and change, you should. I will not assume, but you could pick that cause.
What a fine young man. Well done to his parents.
I love the way they deliver the tree! Merry christmas @flotus & Barron 
This woman is all class and it looks like she is doing a great job as a mother and as FLOTUS.
AWESOME
Melania and Barron classy!
@FLOTUS nice cape
So grateful to God for such a stately First Lady. The most beautiful one to ever grace the White House in U.S. history IMHO 
First lady Melania Trump, son Barron welcomed the White House Christmas tree today, a 19.5 ft Balsam fir grown in Endeavor, Wisconsin.
There does not seem to be a single neuron firing in that kid's brain - like father, like son.


I got none of that when i visited America! You gone too far!
More waste in government ... shipping a tree all the way from Wisconsin. Buy 1 fake tree made in the USA and use it every year.

The First Lady Melania TRUMP recevant l'arbre de Noël en compagnie de son fils: Barron, qui va orner l'intérieur de la Maison Blanche, qui vient cette année de Endeavor Winconsin
MSNBC Proves They HATE Trump by Attacking His Heartfelt Message to the Troops http://truthfeednews.com/msnbc-proves-they-hate-trump-by-attacking-his-heartfelt-message-to-the-troops/ … … via @truthfeednews
This was so cringey
My home state seems to grow alot of these big trees that wind up at the Whitehouse. Nice! 
tutti al manicomio

You are the Perfect Mom #Blessings #HappyThanksgiving.
This is going to be the best Christmas in years America. Great Job Trump Family!! May we all have a wonderful Holiday season. Merry Christmas!
I am a bit surprised that people take the time out of their day to critique these two who have done us no harm.  I hated that when folks did it to MO and the girls, and hate it now too.  I would never want blame for my father, made the Don look like Mr Rogers. DTCWWTSITW
Display the class we want to see in the world
Blessings 
Yaaaa my state.  Has Barron had a growth spurt, looks a bit taller now.
Nice

#YoungPupForThePaveMent #Enjoy #Son
#JK  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7ly_tp-9SY … #OldDogForTheHardRoad #e
http://salarydaily.com/?cash=42287 

Right he gets to see his mommy naked.
Barron is so tall now, but he lost weight. He needs to eat more. Please 
Kids grow taller before they fill out.
The mail order hooker is a burden to the tax payer of America. She does nothing but travel with the moron to exotic locations as a tourist flaunting her wealth by wearing clothes/shoes and boots that could feed a million destitute people with food stamps. Get that idiot off!!!!!!

Sarah Sims put a digital recorder in her daughter's backpack in hopes of recording what was going on in the 4th grader's classroom. She has been charged with felony use of a device to intercept oral communication, which carries a possible penalty of five years in prison. …
The sight of Baron's father just ruined my holiday. But to the good people who did not vote for him, HAPPY HOLIDAY.
And for the people that voted for President Trump “Merry Christmas “
Let,s just wish "the whole world" a Blessed & Merry Christmas. People realizes what 
type of person he is. believe me "GOD KNOWS IT ALL
Let's put it in a language you and your "husband" will understand...где налоговые декларации вашего мужа?
https://goo.gl/Qugn1S   NPR List of @realDonaldTrump Sexual Assault Victims.  Happy Holidays.
Melania & Barron both look so awkward~esp Barron
They have no concept of how to treat people who have worked months, weeks & days to prepare that tree for them
Bringing those horses along, too~they didn't even get a glance from Melania or Barron~do they really want to be there?
You're right! They don't know how to be friendly... 
You are right...they should of grabbed the horses mane and planted a big kiss right on its nose. You people are so asinine and full of hate
Merry Merry Christmas
I see we're back to dressing like a porn star...
No soul..so feel nothing..describes you
BARRON IS VERY TALL FOR 11 YRS. HE GOING BE TALLER THAN POTUS.
So sweet Baron is t y
What an improvement over the previous model. Merry Christmas to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, @FLOTUS, their son, Barron, and the whole Trump family. God bless.
Beautiful!
The Trump family adds so much class to the WH again... I cannot imagine if the Clintons were there again...
Awkward...


Are you explaining to him that next year you two will be homeless? I feel so sorry for that kid. Kinda. #TrumpCrimeFamily
what is wrong w/that kid!!??...he always looks like he just waken up...
He’s an eleven-year-old going through that gangly stage thrust into a spotlight
i guess you got a point....probably doesn't want any of if in the first place...he's life was simple B4 daddy became president
Hey and every station on TV people are saying bad things about his dad non stop.   Prob wants no part of it.   Has no friends and wants back on the Xbox.
Video is what this video mean and Christmas is not today,Trump is Bump
Hi,the video is ok.
Aww Barron is so tall and handsome! Melania is a beautiful lady and very attentive mother! Love this video!
Things to be thankful for, Mr. Trump after twenty years or more of Clinton, Bush and Obama.
 Beautiful! 

 #HappyThanksgiving 
 #MerryChristmas 
 #MelaniaTrump #FirstLady 


So beautiful
So what's your spin on this? Is this why you slapped his hand? https://twitter.com/funder/status/932703161596432384 …

Does he ever smile?..
I kinda feel bad for him.
He seems like he is not eating enough...he looks bored or sad...
@realDonaldTrump is never seen spending time with @Barrontrump45 poor rich kid need a role model in his life
!
Beautiful tree. And FLOTUS.
I like Melania,she's got alot more brains than ppl give her credit. Her son Baron looks like both his parents. Good looking young man. Love the "We The People" National Christmas tree. 
How does a mother of a teenager allow her family to support child molesting?
Very weird people
If you can not understand that horses should not be treated as slaves then you are  part of the problem
Glad to finally see a pretty woman in the White house
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
PLEASE PEOPLE DON’T GO TO THE WH TO SEE THE TREE? DON’T GO TO THE STATES ON YOUR VACATIONS SPEND YOUR MONEY AT HOME? PICKET TRUMP TOWER & THE WH LADIES? if u see TRUMP OR WIFE SPIT IN THEIR FACES!THEY ARE SUB-HUMAN! LOOK WHO CALLED THE WOMEN LIARS!

first Lady T Barron is a handsome little heartbreaker! Have happy & Blessed Thanksgiving
Put rusty at the top of that tree.  Shove it right up his orange ass!
Very nice
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/children-are-starving-in-yemen-the-white-house-should-intervene/2017/11/20/29b70628-ce20-11e7-81bc-c55a220c8cbe_story.html …  Happy Thanksgiving Melania...you are complicit
Yemen children dying, enjoy your thanksgiving #Yemen #YemenCantWait
Enjoy your food, #Yemen children are starving to death while your husband does NOTHING #YemenCrisis #YemenCantWait
Here are some #Yemen children starving to death, enjoy your food #YemenFamine #YemenCantWait #YemenCrisis
Oh look, they're pretending to be the first family. How cute.
So glad to see it is referred to as a Christmas tree and not a holiday tree.
She switched coats!
good. Now, elephantsZinke in a pic with a dead elephant, DOI sec is denying  it is  him. Prove it or this  is conflict of interest re Zinke/trump/trump sons, hunters. No elephant hunting, no trophy exports, NO  LION  HUNTS, stop them, Melania. Yr boy looks so sad. Get him puppy.
Melania, HELP !  I know you know things aren’t right...HELP !
Love to see Mom and Son together
Just don’t feel the usual joy about this

