Lucky guys. If the FLOTUS had visited my ship, she would have been Roslyn Carter...

Thank God for you and President Trump! Happy Thanksgiving! 

@FLOTUS Good afternoon and Happy Thanksgiving to all of our "Great" men an women of the @USCG Thank you so much for your service Prayers everyone and their families have a wonderful and safe day...God bless! 
#HappyThanksgiving
I hope they thanked you all sufficiently or The Big D will be trashing the Coast Guard tomorrow.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family Thank You America Dr. Vo FedVACUSA
Happy thanksgiving to you and your family Mrs Trump

It is Thanksgiving, why would you be so mean to Melania. How has she ever hurt you?
All People who love and support @POTUS and @FLOTUS Follow me on @YogeshPrSingh 
No flipping way 45 is a pussygrabbing traitor marriedto an illegal gold digging ho
Nice .....
We will always prey for you @FLOTUS and @POTUS 
Lays packet is there, it is American company
Happy thanksgiving First Lady
Support them now but trump hid during nam as he had money to buy out!  They call it a draft dodger!  A real moron!
All People who love and support @POTUS and @FLOTUS Follow me on @YogeshPrSingh 
Why? Trying to build up your follower's list? LOL
Someone showed you those photos of the Obamas serving Thanksgiving dinner to the homeless, huh?
Do you have to hate on FLOTUS on Thanksgiving too....

Bye bot!
Get over yourself and try to enjoy the day, ffs.
She can't,  she's too butthurt we FINALLY have an AWESOME FLOTUS.
Michelle looks like a guy that used to deliver furniture at a warehouse next to where i worked.
Where is your FLOTUS hat! That was the coolest; Still You Rock any Hat so cool like that. HAPPY THANKSGIVING Truly a Blessing Having Class & Grace back in the People's House or Winter white house Either is a Miracle for USA to me. Thanks! Have a great wknd!
#NewBackground
Happy Thanksgiving to Our First Lady and thank s to our President and his family. For tending and giving Thanks with our Military its time they receive proper thanks and love and warmth from our First Family again, love ya'll.
How much food and shelter would the $400 million buy that Obama sent to Iran?

Just fine. You should really consider growing up!
Thank you. It is a breath of fresh to know we finally have a @potus and a @FLOTUS who really care about our men and women in the military. Many blessings. #HappyThanksgiving
But forget the needy....
not true. they have given more $ of their own to the needy!
You miss the point. You feed the needy on days like today.
NO, you feed the needy every day and provide them the opportunity so they are NOT needy for the rest of their life.....
Spot on 
Explain to me Bernice how this is an act of charity. Thank you.
Being kind is the first act of charity
Good bless you and Happy Thanksgiving, A Andy and Donna
Don't break a fingernail
I was in the US Navy during Ronald Regan, I always felt like he had our backs. I know what a great feeling that is to our troops. Thank you Mr. President, Thanks you FLOTUS. GOD BLESS YOU ALL!!
Good Bless You, FLOTUS!


Happy thanksgiving day miss trump god bless mr president @POTUS  and your family   my best wish from nueva esparta state ; isla de margarita venezuela!  God bless america

Thx.
Since @realDonaldTrump demands thanks, this Thanksgiving, I believe the @GOP would like to thank @POTUS for the following:

Racism
Pedophilia
Molestation
Harassment
Assaults 
Lying
Colluding
Treason
Anti-Semitism

Enjoy your turkey a/k/a Trump, Republicans.
Nope atrtie that would be big government who want to see a civil war. all those things you listed were already a problem. it started with Travon Martin. if you haven't been watching the news 95% of these molestation,assult and others listed  have all been Democrats and Librals.
Only alleged molesters I hear about are @MooreSenate and @realDonaldTrump.  Trump has stated the that those with the neo-nazis and KKK are “very fine people”.    Over a dozen women have accused @POTUS of harassment and/or sexual assault.  His own ex-wife alleged he raped her.
Thank you God for a true First Lady and President of this, the land of the free and brave ( despite a crumbling minority on the Left). Simply incredible.
You ok, big guy?
America Loves you @FLOTUS !!!
Majority of Americans do NOT love the pussy grabbing traitor & his illegalgold digging ho
Oh stuff a sock in your mouth!
Give it a Rest!!
I will not rest until pig Trump is gone Funny how you fools are proud of an adulterer 5 kids 3 baby mommas Christian values? Ha Take off the blinders
. Thank you for all you are doing to help make America great again and loving on our country!!!! Happy Thanksgiving @FLOTUS!!!!!
GORGEOUS, CLASSY, HUGE IMPROVEMENT. thank you @MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS
She posed nude and you’re calling her classy. 
Haha. True that. Now Michelle, that was class and intelligence. This one can’t even speak English or handle her own twitter account. 

So, you’re REALLY talking to her assistant each time you reply to her tweets. LMAO.
Michelle classy? Lol. Melania does speak English, and 5 other languages. Low class troll.
Yes. Specially after her husband THREW paper towels at Americans in Puerto Rico! Yes! So extremely loving. 
Here it is!!! Lol

Please...Donald Duck is RACIST. Ignorance Moron.. by the looks of it . Looks like you are an ignorant racist white trash
Classless arrogant elitist woman...why don't you stay on that boat?
Thrilled to spend part of our Thanksgiving  the local Coast Guard station in Florida. Thank you
This probably makes the 13th or 14th time I've had to retweet this and read like it over again something or someone keeps on doing my tweets and retweets and my likes I wish it would stop I don't know who or what is doing it but this is not right or Fair
I love our President!
Good for you- Hope he gets you the “white Christmas” you’ve been dreaming of
Great first lady @FLOTUS looking Great 
Thank & Bless all the Military that keep us safe, we appreciate you.
The U.S. Coast Guard Academy is in my state. If you get a chance, some during the spring or early summer to hear the band and watch them march. So much talent and smart young men and women.
We love you, Melania!  You are beautiful and intelligent. Thank you for representing our country so well!
I would love to meet you.
Excellent picture of our lovely first lady @FLOTUS, God bless her

Roger Lightfoot, did you think before you wrote your post?  Hmmm you just wanted to be noticed . Well we noticed that what you wrote was total trash. Have a happy thanksgiving
Good
Why don't you go see our troops overseas like other presidents did yeah coward
God Bless you FLOTUS, this act of kindness is so like you. I’m so proud to have you as our First Lady. You are doing a fabulous job. Thank you! 
I’m sorry. Kindness to whom?  Are they homeless?
No Pam they're service men and women who are not home and away from their families because they're protecting our borders and keeping us safe.
What is “the look”? No photo of you dear @sstarli2 so I cannot judge. Why are you so nasty? You must be a pretty shallow person.
Class
:)

Should have been serving the poor people
Climax of stupidity & lack of respect for basic ethical principles ... but in some way we are gettig adquainted with. Why does Ms Trump not go back to her Slowenian village & teach her husband how to read his first book.
Jai Hind
Wonderful, uplifting visit. Thank you!
Right. Are these officers homeless?
Awesome!!!
sad the homeless in DC didn't benefit this year. This was great and we respect and love our milatary  but so many ppl struggling
Love having a President that loves his country and such a beautiful elegant First Lady! Bless you and your family!
We love you and how you represent the BEST in AMERICA!
It's takes giving. Ask any indigenous American. And you guys are all about taking!
Our First Lady is a doll... we are truly blessed
Absolutely and she’s much more graceful, smarter and prettier than Michele Obama.
Give CNN Christmas Media Dinner seats to Wounded warriors in Walter Reed medical center


Does FLOTUS or POTUS for that matter know that the USCG is now part of homeland security?!?!
Great God kept everyone save
Blink twice if you want us to rescue you. 
#captive
Yea a 1st lady of the US, who's married to a Billionaire, needs to be rescued....that's definitely liberal thinking for ya right there
Most the nation hates you. Ha Ha Ha
You too, by association...
Sooooo, the 1st Trollop and Cheeto serve crummy sandwiches to the Coast Guard personnel on Thanksgiving.  What a classless duo the Trumps are.  My father was a career Coast Guardsman.  He didn't fight in WWII for the fascist Trump to ruin our country.
Your husband have sexual advances to other woman on hotel his formely a owner.

#MeToo #trump #baldwin #alecbaldwin #billybaldwin #sexualharassment #sexualassault #sexualadvances #sexualviolence #women
Hey, First Trollop.  You and your classless husband certainly brought some tacky food for Thanksgiving to the Coast Guardsmen.  My father served in WWII in the Coast Guard, and did not do it so trash like you and your husband can be in our White House.  UGH.
where are your taxes
GfhFfd
Ok!!!

ALERT Retweet ASAP to trigger Snowflakes this Christmas@realDonaldTrump said we’d be saying Merry Christmas again. Now we have a new #Christmas Anthem. @richdimare #SnowFlakesFalling #ItsOk …
Of course he would flaunt you to theses guys.  Sheesh
Bet you were there about 5 minutes.  Long enough to get yer pikture took then off to golf
The coast guard would love it if you wear a bikini
LOVE IT! This Presidency has created one big Happy Family! They are Relational... Walking in Love towards all fellow men! AMERICA IS GREAT AGAIN!!! 
With the exception of those who choose to be/stay ignorant...
Had to spend it with the coast guard because Trump’s bone spurs were acting up too much for him to set foot on a REAL military base, eh?
The meal served to them was as cheap as your smile.
You should be ashamed.
The world knows you sold your soul to the devil to be a gold-digging ho.
No California and New York voted against him Always liberals Most of the country voted for him it’s not numbers or this so called  old system would cause a couple of states to control all our elections They knew what they were doing stop blaming everybody else whining liberals
You might want to tell your husband to calm down or get some sleep. His speech was completely off the rails.
Oh yeah. @FLOTUS with the men of  @USCG  like..
Melanie Trump your Hausband is not good for the USA the Man ist so stupid
ярмарка)))
Why do you make up #fakenews  that's the sign of a weak man, a sad human being! #ImpeachTrumpNow

God Bless
Thank you for sharing your day with our military!  We love you!
We are so proud to have you as our First Lady!  Thank you for all you are doing for our Country, Godspeed~ 
Guess volunteering in a soup kitchen is beneath you. Hey, you could have worn your stiletto  heels.
Did you show them some of your porn that you made pervert
Yes, you've probably had many sailors in you previous profession as an escort and soft porn model. Be thankful indeed.
God Bless You and our President, and all your family.

Fa la la, enjoying my life even though my husband is a pussygrabbing sexual predator, bully, supporting other pedophile predators. I’ll stand by and ignore as long as I get my Fendi bags!
Get the Lysol. Have to protect the health of of brave men and women. What a blooody shame they have thanksgiving ruined by a Pimp and his tramp.
Just please go way....
Best
Sandwiches, sandwiches, that's what you bring on Thanksgiving, sandwiches and chips?
Nice pics
Do the right thing divorce the monster save some face
Melania, how is your campaign against cyber bullying going? Have you started at home?
...Commenting how lucky not to get STD's based on his sleaze "It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier.” claim sent ne $6 million to veterans groups, but reporter David Fahrenthold couldn’t find any evidence...ala trump
You should call out your Orange, FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER, woman molester (on tape), coward of a husband!!!  Your "bullying" campaign is a total sham if you don't call out the biggest bully on the planet!!
you & pres orange are a joke. How much did we spend to fund yet another FL vaca and photo shoot? How many homeless could have eaten?
Supper
gr8  stuff
The way your daddy tell it, "he keeps us and the coast guard
safe", all by himself! With no help!
When the first wife makes fun of you for the world to hear. 
I am glad to see our President and our First Lady time with the Coast Guard in their local area they are away from family protecting our shores I was in the Army from 1968 - 1970 stationed in Germany  know what is like to be far from home  during the The Holidays
Bonjour madame je m'appelle Etienne j'habite en RDC  précisément à Lubumbashi mon numéro de téléphone c'est +243998412051
Why are you dressed to go clam-digging? You literally never dress appropriately for any situation. And what is with the endless STUPID baseball caps?

Love the nativity
As part of you focus on children, why have you not pushed for CHIPS to be approved. Children are falling off health care already. Where are you on this?
Watch Live: NBC Victims Silenced for Corporate Greed And Ratings http://www.infowars.com/watch-live-nbc-victims-silenced-for-corporate-greed-and-ratings/ … via @realalexjones
Your dotard of a husband cut their funding drastically but they thank you for the shitty sandwiches you brought.
Good

Anything for a  photo op. Surprised the bone spurs didn't flare up #TheResistance #TheLateShow #msnbc @MorningJoe
I agree. He cannot do anything but say how many great things he has done.
Seems like so many people are so dumb, believe that he is great. It is scary!
#RoyMooreChildMolester
Beats spending it solely with your husband.
For once, wish ppl wld accept a positive gesture like this w/out whining. Pause and give thanks to our service members. That was all she did
Its fake that why. If this was genuine ALL the other pathetic words would hv been kept too himself. I am a veteran and the armed forces is as one unit. U dont praise one and belitter the others. In trump world yes but the militaty i served is a unit.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/222739733618?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649 …
You're sooo beautiful God bless u melania 
GREAT FIRST FAMILY
Oh
How can you in all honesty associate with a man that has the morals of a alley cat
AGAIN A LIAR!
The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year. TIME does not comment on our choice until publication, which is December 6.
Thank you to our president and his beautiful wife our first lady

Just give up. You’re useless as FLOTUS. Call @MichelleObama for some pointers. She’s epic and the most amazing example of empowerment.
Bet they had their holiday tuned by the trump dysfunctional family
Thank you to all the Coast Guard Men and Women. Happy Thanksgiving
Too bad you’re husband was there!
Happy thanksgiving .
Take time ro enjoy your day spend time with your family and friends
And relax.
Remember tomorrows a nother day.
1st Class 1st Lady

Our @FLOTUS is the Best !!!

Making America Great!
Great
More interested in how her whole family is here.
God bless those coast guards who get paid to let boats full of blow into Miami fl pretty sure that still goes on undetected. No one ask or questions. Money moves the world. Wish I had that kind of luck lol.
Does this mean that your husband is going to give back the 1/3 of the Coastguard budget that he took from them?
Just think....in 12 months or less he'll be impeached and you can divorce his ass!
WHO CARES??? Why didn't you tell us that Flynn's lawyers have stopped communicating with WH lawyers, an obvious sign that he is cooperating with the probe investigators???????
Thanks. ...

Thoes kids should be so proud of themselves. I know there folks are. !  Merry Christmas . 
Don’t ever forget she supported trumps birther bullshit. She’s complicit AF.
Do you wear your hat so low on your face so no one can see your soulless eyes?
Some of you would never be satisfied, snowflakes.
Fake president all other president served food to our troops fake @POTUS & fake @FLOTUS
get out of my state
"Thrilled"??? She was desperate to not be at the Thanksgiving table with her ass husband.
We are so proud to have you as our First Lady!  You are just so beautiful! We love you in Fl. Keep up the great work!!!
#HappyThanksgiving2017 Thank you!
So, you still need thinking about revoking Obama’s decisión of the turkey’s he pardoned??
My son is serving in coast guard Boston. Very proud.
Again, @POTUS can learn from his wife @FLOTUS
Keep on doing just what you are First Lady Melania.  We love you and you are the classiest First Lady since 
Mrs. Reagan.  Jackie O had nothing on you.  You are the best.
May G-d bless you and keep you and your family.
Your very welcome First Lady.
