That was so cute...Drumstick was quiet and concerned, after President Trump’s Pardon, Drumstick celebrated too with a happy gobble gobble! So timely! Happy Thanksgiving Great American Citizens!
BLESS ME LUVS THE DIAPER COMMERCIAL IS CREEPY NAW WE LOVE OUR BABIES SO BLESS ME BYE
BOOM BOOM BOOM SHOOTING YOU NOW TROY BYE
Icon and elegance of fashoin style and grace 


You’re congratulating one turkey for getting a stay of execution and teasing another, apparently condemned turkey that “Hey, it was nice having you here but you’re dinner…”?
What is wrong with you? Catch up. Read my lips: both turkeys were pardoned.
Trump “pardoned” Drumstick. Wishbone lost out on the Twitter poll and was the alternate therefore wasn’t “officially pardoned” 

Check your facts
Happy Thanksgiving to beautiful @FLOTUS and our great president @realDonaldTrump 

Love our wonderful First Family. I am thankful that this year we have a president who loves and protects our country.
When did this conversation become about Bill Clinton?
It's "Well, (comma)" not "Well; (semi-colon)"  Who's the dumb one?
Isaiah 54:17
No weapon formed against you shall prosper, And every tongue which rises against you in judgment You shall condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, And their righteousness is from Me,” Says the Lord.
!
Awesome!!!!!!! Have a happy thanksgiving @FLOTUS @POTUS Barron & all the Trump family. Lots of love and blessing to you!!!!! 
Check out Make Christmas Great Again T Shirts! Available for the next about 10 hours via=> https://tspr.ng/c/make-christmas-great-again-ts …
Classy lady
Total lightweight, enabler, complicit, she does nothing for the american conversation, she is a clothes hanger
Your doing a great job MAGA
Repeat after me: My husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, my husband supports pedophiles, .......
U have a husband.? & he supports pedo's Really????
Wow, you are the clever one aren’t you! Your sassiness and biting wit are just amazing!
Yes and it but you square where you needed it lol
Huh? Me Tarzan, you Jane?
thanks,  i saw you flying overhead. Happy Thanksgiving!
Wishbone on the other hand presumably ended up on the dinner table, personally slaughtered by Trump Jr?
Sounds delicious!
The  or the slaughtering?
Well I’m pretty sure you can’t eat slaughtering so...
Slaughtering can sound delicious to some, though...
No, WHAT they are slaughtering can. You can’t taste slaughter. It’s an act, not a food.
So, the only connection is to food? Blimey, I always thought it could also mean 'pleasant' or 'nice' or 'enjoyable'. 
Technically yes, but in almost four decades of being alive, living all across the HS and abroad, I have never heard anyone us it in that way. If we go by the dictionary definition then half the crap we say is incorrect.
So fun to see your lovely family showing support for a child molester today.
I’m talking about Roy Moore here, and the support he’s getting from the admitted sexual predator Trump. Neither are Democrats, are they?
I heard trump killed both turkeys after all, when they wouldn’t thank him for pardoning them.
Barron! He looks so handsome and shy! He is so much attentive and yet so innocent and shy! Love you kid! 
Yeah that looks Detached. Feel bad for the young man ..but he will hear this for his entire life.. FUCK DADDY!!??
Roll tide
We heard you put on a real stripper show for them! FHOTUS
Where’s Wishbone??  MIA??
..Anyway --   DON´T PARDON THE ORANGE TURKEY!
   #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER 
  http://trumpmusicvideo.com  
  https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 

Thx 4 showing what sort of "arguments" #FakePresident uses 
 
 
 BTW: To become a somehow human being, feel free 2 watch and TRY to understand (according to your lights) the HYMN OF RESISTANCE
Yes that is why you left and went to Florida. My error, you took them with you. Right?
Too cute! I  love our @FLOTUS .. so beautiful inside and out!
Um. What's that in the window above Melania's head? You can tell the curtains are closed. Hm.
You still have a chance of happiness !! Leave this man!
Your son is so handsome and you have a beautiful family! You have brought back elegance and glamour to the White House and this nation! Happy Thanksgiving from California!
Wishing @POTUS and @FLOTUS Indictments for thanksgiving and Prision sentences for Christmas for all the #TrumpCrimeFamily
When the Republican party sends its candidates, they're not sending their best. They're sending frauds. They're sending bigots. They're sending sexual predators and money launderers. And some, I assume, are good people.


This event was very entertaining! Drumstick looks nice and plump.
#pardon 
Mrs. Trump, you are the best and most beautiful first lady ever! #SoProudOfYou!

Can’t even be decent on Thanksgiving—really sick person

Even the turkey is white!!
Since Obama PARDONED turkeys I figured Trump would have to KILL them just to do the opposite....since that seems to be the trump policy
There lies the problem Michael.... you were trying to think again. Happy Thanksgiving!
I guess the turkey was all white meat, then?
How can you stand by your husband through every single one of his lies and not have anything to say?   Enabler.
Haha, I bet you voted for Hillary too!
It is funny.  Whenever ai disagree with the President all people ever do is deflect to Hillary.  Don't assume.  How about trying to have a conversation about differing opinions.  You may learn something.
I am having a conversation about differing opinions. Your view is that she is an enabler, my view is that Hillary, who was the only other candidate, is an enabler. I doubt you voted for Trump, which means you voted for HRC or no one. If no one, you can’t complain.
Happy ThanksgivingHave a fabulous day
Of course he found the whitest turkey possible to pardon
Omg is that all u can do racist turkey racist shoes racist icecream everything on earth is racist
It takes a real genius like you to think he was calling the turkey racist!!
And it takes a snow flake not to see i was being sarcastic
Your husband may need that pardon before he’s served up as well.
Proof
Reading for yourself is fundamental sweetheart!  But you must start from the beginning to get it
BYE YALL BREATH YUP PREACH AND ALL THATS HOW REAL IT IS OK BYE
How's the anti-bullying campaign going?
Hmm there's alot of bullying here. Dontcha think..
I was just asking in general because she doesn't do anything.
She actually visits with sick children giving them comfort. She left briefly from Asian trip to go and visit with some in Alaska. She also goes where children are striving to be inventors.


Very Cute moment. The turkey is so cute, I am thinking I may eat only the veggies & fruit.
Why are you retweeting all your old tweets. Makes no sense. @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @PressSec
The turkey has been treated better than most Americans.
How’s that... ?? 
I’m guessing you’re one of the 
“Forgotten Citizens” ?? 

Please!!!!
The "Forgotten Citizens" are Trumps fan base, am I right?
Not me .. I’m doing well since he took office... 
sooooo .. again are you a forgotten one ??
Ainos 
you walked right into that... 

        
                          HAPPY 
                  THANKSGIVING 
          
I love the Holidays
NO I CAN SO BLESS ME BYE
Hi
How are u
I like this
Well of course he pardoned them. They're white meat with guns.
Pretty sure most Turkeys have dark meat as well.
Silly. ALL turkeys have dark meat...its just that those sections were incarcerated instead.
@FLOTUS @POTUS @WhiteHouse
Omg 7 more years of 45 who are you a moron or a 45 clone one of his small base who is stupid watch the tax bill take away your money and notice the rich getting richer to bad you didn’t figure it out at election day

A future jailbird pardoning a turkey.
No, see, it was Trump..not Hillary.
FU

If @pellettierejp bothered to research his supposed facts, he'd know that he was tweeting a BS meme.

Tell Barron that a gentleman never leaves his suit jacket unbuttoned.  It doesn't matter for his father, since he is not a gentleman.
Criticizing an 11-yo’s attire?  Classy.
Liberals have no boundaries or class.
pardoning a fucking turkey???
Lee clean up your language when speaking to the First Lady.  Someone needs to wash your mouth out with soap make it lye!!!!!
methinks you should just shut your mouth really....
CHEAT
@POTUS should enjoy the pardons he is able to bestow because he can’t pardon state crimes, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The President is able to pardon anyone. Sheriff Joe was pardoned those charges weren't Federal. Wow!
"Guilty as hell" and "Death row Joe" also got pardoned recently at the local prison!  I'm sure they feel great about it too!
Sheriff Joe was following THE LAW..
yes.
Much love from Texas to @FLOTUS Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you for all you and your family do and endure for us.
Do @FLOTUS jackets have sewn up arms - why are all coats & jackets, capes on Mellie?
We love and appreciate you, the President and your family.  Keep up the good work and don't listen to the haters!  Happy Thanksgiving!  God bless!
Just what the White House needs...two more turkeys.
Bangkok Bank 1655585964
They must've sexually molested a minor, violated constitutional rights or been racist to get that pardon!
I hate tump one year nothing good comes out of him
I bet someone ate him! Probably Trump! A turkey for Big Turkey!  That’s a headline!  Be president stop playing golf! And Russian Roulette! And throwing paper towels!  Because now Mueller will pin the tail on the donkey!
He pardoned the white ones, like usual

FEC probes discrepancies at former Zinke PAC http://politi.co/2hMhhvX  

#KKKintheWH

So Drumstick gets pardoned and Wishbone gets the axe?
I'm disgusted with this president and American Trump Followers.  Pathetic.
Great lovely celebration
Thank you Mr. President for pardoning Wishbone & Drumstick. They deserve so much better than digesting in the gut of some American glutton.
My bird just got into the oven. Did the Brine last night. 
Looks like Barron's gonna have to start wearing those ties lower!!  :-) 
Great pic.
One of Barron's eyes is drooping and his hands are clenched. Kind of weird.
Very , very cute sentiments from a very stylish & lovely FLORUS .
Can you pardon the rare African animals your sons shot? The ones who say in your book ( we have superior ) DNA over most Americans.  Let’s see?? 2 generations here fought in 000 wars. What a crew!!!!
This is sweet!
What a waste of your time! Let's cook the orange Don instead!
Love their names! And love our First Family. Wishing you all a wonderful and safe Thanksgiving 
They are the 1st family alright.... the 1st  completely shameful and disgraceful family to occupy The White House.

I loved watching this. This is such a great White House tradition and the first family did an amazing job

Twas the night before Thanksgiving,  all the food's in the oven  A sincere attitude of gratitude is a beatitude for secured altitudes. Appreciate what you have been given. #MAGA @Thanksgiving     @POTUS45    @Conservatives
Of course they did !
****HAPPY THANKSGIVING POTUS, FLOTUS & MASTER BARRON (you're so tall!!) Have a wonderful time!! 
Every time The come winter White House in Florida it affects locals no fly zone no boat zone among other things. I’m on the Gulf though. When I’m at the beach I can see international waters 2-3 miles out. The last 6 months I haven’t saw a coast guard ship  anymore.
Make Turkey great again
Notice you didn’t get too close, so you wouldn’t get turkey shit on your schmata.
Probably the 1st public appearance without total embarrassment. Congratulations, #DelusionalMan.
Does it bother you that your husband is so rude?
Five syllables, impressive.

I watched you guys live while this happened. I'm sure the turkey is very happy as well! 
Is she sending a tweet to turkeys? Lol, guess it won’t be the first time.
Yes I love to pardon my wishbone
Explain why you let @ZackSnyder produce such terrible adaptations of beloved @DCComics superhero’s?! #ForShameTrump
congratulations Melania have a nice day
Heard the Dems are disputing the pardons and are finding a Judge to reverse your orders. To see to it that both do their share and feed snowflacks
Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/floundering-in-florida?pc=tw_co_cardshare_a&rcid=799220da704f4a5f90ddd4300d3226b1 … @gofundme
Is that what we’re calling Flynn now?
hello
Loved Drumstick. I enjoyed this yesterday. The Trump family looked very relaxed and having fun.
That coat wrap look you are trying to trend looks very old ladyish. In other words- AWFUL.
She put the up donialds ass dry  just how he likes it
What about Puerto Rico??
Puerto Rico, Day 63:
—Millions still w/o power
—Hundreds of thousands still w/o clean water
—Still a humanitarian emergency…
With the liberal mayor throwing food and medicine away just to make POTUS look bad I feel for the people of Puerto Rico. I fear they made a terrible mistake by electing hate-filled people to office.
Today President Trump pardoned two turkeys.   

Eric and Donald Jr. are grateful!
Don’t forget the pardon of being a sexual predator, supporting a child molestation, racism, not to mention just being a traitor period.
It was so nice to see Barron at the pardon! Love our 1st family!!! @POTUS @FLOTUS  #GodBlessTheTrumps #MAGA #HappyThanksgiving

Lol was the looser promptly executed at the pardon ceremony
Love YOU! Decorate the white house super pretty and awesome for our first Deplorable Christmas
Wow Baron has grown a big stretch this last yr, maturing alot since inaugural! Love all your outfits! God bless you & yours, God bless the USA, & God bless Israel! 
Thank you Ma'am for all that you and your family are doing to keep America Strong and safe again!! Love you!!!!
GOD BLESS AMERICA 
Are you ok that dotard is supporting a child molester? 
Do you believe trump's accusers?
You are truly blessed with a beautiful family
Why is Barron so disengaged?
How about congratulations to that pedophile in Alabama he gave a pass to ?
Like attracts Like. 
"Birds of a feather flock together. "  
And fowl smelling kinda of foul.
Drumstick said your husband tried to screw her.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
@nbcthevoicefan John Marrow
Do you folks let Barron on 4chan? Asking for a friend.
Drumstick and trump stick while Trumpeting
I adore their names i have laughed all morning
Happy Thanksgiving!
We are Americans, we definitely can't separate now. The Dems and Reps can act like bloods and crypts but let's unite!!!
Wait, a white turkey? Gets pardoned? How shocking.
I hear that a federal judge in California is planning to block the pardon. 

Great times they seemed like awesome calm turkeys good pardon
So....What happened to Wishbone?  Is someone eating her?
Yeah but what happens to all the other "turkeys" in Washington?.. Lol
Melania, hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving with your family
