ونحن معكم بالصلوات
maybe those were anti-fa guys or isis soldiers coming home to washington state.  hold your prayers for the final score boss.
Too fucking late. Empty tweet. Your previous tweet to this sums you up.
Thank you. Should have tweeted this first though.
Oh noowwww you think about them after someone told you to.
To be fair, HE probably didn't write this one, it makes too much sense and lacks spelling errors...
Mindlessly insulting someone who has different political beliefs than you is hurting the country
Really?  Does Donald know that?
Don't believe so but it applies to everyone
Well, being nice certainly doesn't seem to gain favor with these people, the just call us weak and steamroll over.  I think that we have gotten tired of being "nice" when it isn't deserved.
There's a difference between being nice and being able to have a civil conversation
I think, considering how he behaves toward anyone that he finds even the tiniest issue with, that we are being adequately civil. He does not always write his tweets, at least that is what he tells us when he tweets something that could get him in trouble.
Finally we have a President who wants to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure! 
#ThankyouTrump 
#RebuildOurInfrastructure
For far too long our money has been sent overseas while our beautiful country collapsed! Not anymore under our amazing President!  #ThankyouTrump 
#RebuildOurInfrastructures
Instead of Thoughts and Prayers, how about policy change?
Thoughts and Prayers won't do anything.  You need to spend that money you are giving to the top 1% on rebuilding our infrastructure!
Most of Europe and Asia have much better railroad systems then we do.  They have better internet technology as well.  We are falling behind, and you are electing to give the top 1% the money you should be spending on these things!
The Amtrak incident could have been avoided if Republicans would agree that the U.S. needs a massive infrastructure upgrade.
You Mr. Trump are turning the clock back to the 1950s.  Your infrastructure plan is inhibited by your reluctance to tax the rich more than they should be taxed.
Ed - Grow up! You are mixing apples with oranges.  Be thankful that we have a leader who actually cares.
You mean "actually cares" only about himself, right Christopher?
If you see what our President has accomplished and what he is trying to accomplish you would see he does care- the real problem is you have been misinformed by a media who wants you to believe things that aren’t true.
I thought this was a great attempt at being presidential - and then I realized this came 10 minutes after you talked about yourself and infrastructure investment.
This should have been your first tweet a$$hole.
#RIP Cheetos on that snack car on that train trump's favorite snack
Should’ve tweeted this first, dude.
You didn’t write this.
Trains don't derail in Japan. The US is a basket case
Well said Mr. President.
It saddens me to see fellow Americans trashing Trump on this tragic event.
Dump, better LATE than never. Loser
Thank you President Trump.
Thank you, I'm glad the social media intern posted this instead.
Who are you blaming, Obama or Hillary?
Drop dead you knob... your time is running out
Haters unite..
#TrumpisaTrainwreck
Nice to finally have a President that cares about what is happening over here

Oops. Right. I should probably show some sympathy too.
Well done for throwing a quickie in about the train crash but as expected you got one in about how well the Dow is doing as well, all down to your presidency. Weheyyy.

The only thing you're capable of is hurting and dividing America. You are incapable of helping anyone or even running the country. you're a selfish, racist, bigot and liar who only cares for himself and his family. Grow up and learn to have some compassion!
Shaf..respect the president. What you are doing is unlawful and could be passed on to the authorities...regards, john
Reading the comments on trumps tweets are pretty entertaining
Your hatred toward Muslims is absolutely shameful. I have been a Muslim my entire life. I memorised the entire Qur'an by heart and spend three years studying in an Islamic school. We were NEVER taught to hate, discriminate against or harm any of God's creation!
Please get your facts straights !
Are you sure you don’t need to wait longer to get all the facts first?

#dotard
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
Oh I see, you forgot to pretend you care in your first tweet.
Thoughts and prayers don’t change shit. Politicians refuse to accept that prayer doesn’t solve our nations issues. God wants us to solve our own problems instead of acting like petty whining brats who bicker over everything
You have never prayed and GOD knows you have never thought about anything other than yourself and your bank account.
Thoughts and prayers...litterally the least thing you can do the day before you pass a tax package that utterly precludes any meaningfull expenditure on infrastructure.
Why is first responder capitalised?
Listen up Donald J Trump the draft dodger. The majority of the people on earth are on to ur stupid games. Don't think for a NY minute we are not. U do not have a conscious, soul, or heart. U R so Fake. Stalin wud be proud.
Your initial reaction was to immediately politicize a train accident. If someone didn’t tell you to, you never would have offered your concern or thanks. #Divider-in-Chief
Oh! Thoughts and prayers! Yes, those help immensely
Yeah I got locked out for six days for defending The President
What do ya think? Pretty close resemblance
#peeltheorangefaceback
#peelbacktheorangeface
Like/ hate/share/follow
That's on point...
God, do you take acid before Tweeting? This is Earth, girl. 2017 and we have a lying 12 year old as president.
How come all "Trump Girls" on Twitter have to photo shop on their Trump hats?
What colossal hubris!! You don't give a damn about rail safety. In your "bigly" budget there was nearly 13 percent reduction in transportation spending over fiscal 2017 and a $630 million reduction in subsidies for long-distance Amtrak routes ..... but hey! #MAGA   
Doesn’t (F)ake (N)ews fit (F)ox (N)ews easier? It couldn’t be more obvious. Sorry!
Become educated then come back.
LOL. Join me! Obviously you need some education.
Lol....finish high school then call
Finish elementary, and we can talk. 
Legal?    Bye bye boo boo.  Stay warm on the street fires in Wisky!

As you pass your tax scam that will defund infrastructure and transportation - People died dude  - DIED ASSHOLE. Cannot wait until you are in prison  #MOTUSnotPOTUS
Jessica Leeds, Rachel Crooks, Samantha Holvey, Summer Zervos, Kristin Anderson, Lisa Boyne, Jessica Drake, Jill Harth, Cathy Heller, Ninni Laaksonen, Mindy McGillvray, Natasha Stoynoff, Temple Taggart, Karena Virginia 
  Rapist Trump
Really!  Ugh!  From a middle American
Obviously your daughter is doing your Tweeting.
Amen
See this is what you should’ve started with, not that other tweet!!
Scam alert: Trump's $1tn 'infrastructure plan' is a giveaway to the rich


The question on everyone's mind is how did we get into this political mess, and how do we get out of it? 
Give the President a chance Winston
Ello
Jerusalem is capital of Palestine Mr. President
This has what to do with the train wreck?
No comment
Monitoring the TV on the golf channel that is.
You the man trump
İ do not lov you (israil)

Merry Christmas to you and your family God bless you all
Washington hates you !!!
@FLOTUS
Watching TV again! I bet it's Fox news lol!!
Your thoughts are about Big Macs and you don’t pray. Stop lying.
You have no thoughts and you don't pray.
Too little too late. 

#Thought&Prayers should have been your FIRST useless tweet.

MAJOR #FAIL 
DuPont ! 
Way too many disasters happening now before such an important holiday.  This is very sad.  Prayers and hope sent to everyone
nice one
A couple of problems with this. First, this came AFTER your tweet saying how your infrastructure policy needs to be passed. Second, instead of giving more money to the top 1%, how about give that money to infrastructure so things like this train accident wouldn't happen?
Go back to Slovenia you Communist 
That's nothing compared to the train wreck you drive.
This should have been your first tweet...instead you tweeted about infrastructure....
Amen President Trumple I pray for you
And how are you doing this.  Golf carts have TVs????

TOO LITTLE TOO LATE.
yea you really care.
Your comments were "WELL READ"!!
Have you seen this Mr. President?  What will it, how many people have to get injured...and now murdered at the hands of Antifa?  When will you finally designate Antifa in the same classification with Isis, AlQaeda, and other terrorist organizations?
Don’t come here Mr. President.
7u
Live you so much
Still no thoughts or prayers for the people of Puerto Rico or the California wildfires. You are as real a a three dollar bill. What a waste of space and government. Smdh
Lol. I'm a conservative and even I have to admit that was funny.
Excellent! Hillary wouldn't have done this!
Love for country!
Somehow I'm guessing that we don't pray to the same God.
How could this have happened on the first run of this route since made into a high speed route. I think for safety the first run on a route should not be as fast as possible just to make sure the tracks are like they should be this accident could have been a avoided
President Trump we do sympathies with the families of those who were tradgely involved in such disaster our prayers to all.
I love you Mr president. You are a true American hero!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOcjVjDA44I … THE #WEB'S #MOSTVIRAL #VIRAL #YOUTUBE #VIDEO IT IS #OUT OF #FUCKING #CONTROL THE #VOTERFRAUD #ALABAMA LET'S GET THIS 1,000,000 #VIEWS #EXPOSE #SOROS AND #DEMOCRATS #DEMS #FRAUD #AL #SCAM #STOLEN #SHAM #ELECTION #RedefineGiving #cacerolazo #FelizMartes #SEO
Donald Trump you are a joke
Ya thoughts and prayers are super helpful you damn monkey

https://twitter.com/BlueVotr/status/944757274102210560 …
You are an embarrassment!
Your thoughts! Gives a break.
No.
You were pushing your infrastructure agenda before you got the facts.
The fact is the train was going 50mph faster than it should have and that's why it crashed.
Stop faking like you give a shit about anyone other than yourself. 
#FAKEPRESIDENT
الصلاة والرحمة لضحاية حادث القطار والشفاء العاجل للمصابين والمواسات لأهالي ضحاية حادث القطار .
English please
Our infrastructures have needed repairing long before @realDonaldTrump became president! Other Presidents could've tried doing something about it too! But they didn't!
Finally a little compassionate message after self promoting your infrastructure plan... Fabulous timing as always
Then get off of f*cking Twitter
It’s sad I can tell you didn’t type this. Why? Because it’s coherent and not self-serving

The President's budget request on trains was described thusly:  "a nearly 13 percent reduction in transportation spending over fiscal 2017 ... and a $630 million reduction in subsidies for long-distance Amtrak routes." https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/trump-budget-slashes-federal-aid-for-rail-long-distance-amtrak-routes/2017/05/23/55df2bc4-3fdf-11e7-adba-394ee67a7582_story.html?utm_term=.f97ada132b01 … https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/942827072824672262 …
They was majority white who cares lets keep parying for Donald Trump to Start Racial World this will be the one time they will be on there on. Everything of Color will stick together
Donald Trump cares deeply about ALL Americans. People should be ashamed of themselves using this beautiful, memorial tweet to promote their politics.
God Bless You    we know you want to fix everything.
Lol
Your so pretty

It’s about time.

Seriously, they give the rich a 14% tax rate reduction while giving the middle class a less than an average 1-2% overall reduction, is an accomplishment. Only a moron would gloat at this!
Beynini kullan insanlıga nasil  faydali olurum diye boş işler birak   Güzel anilarla. Anilarla ananla deyiş ves selam

Thank the Lord for a president who seeks God in times of crisis.
@President Donald J. Trump do you know who are the most hated americans in the world? Obama and Clinton Ali Khamenei
Not written by Trump.
Implementation of new risk management technologies, artificial intelligence, block chain at all level is a must! Do not fall asleep at the switch!
ne ns en merde
Shove it, why is Ivanka selling slave wage foreign made pocketbooksout of Trump towers?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @NBCNews
And any fool who thinks you became President to fatten your wallet - this job is a reduction in pay for you, but they are too blinded with their hatred of you to see that.
I used to pity people like them - now I’m glad they’re so miserable.
The sources are not only real, they're close to you, and still talking about you to others.

They're far more real than the "many people" you had in Hawaii looking into a birth certificate.
Thank you!
All these haters on here  could you guys be any more pathetic? No matter what this man says or does, you're gonna hate, because you don't think for yourself, and have been programmed. Trump will go down as the greatest, and you will only be moronic footnotes in opposing tweets


Poll: 70% of Americans says Congress should investigate sexual harassment allegations against Trump-RT if you agree with them

#TrumpSexProbe #MeToo #AMJoy…
Hey tRUMP!!! The trestle that the train fell off was brand new! So your hype over spending more on infrastructure was a mute point! How about leaving politics out of your posts for once!
Thank you President Trump for making America great again. After 8 years of Obama we need you
Wow just wow! Someone needs to tell you remind you to think of the victims First? Your first and worst instincts are to first make a tragedy political and about you.
It was in lacey Washington dumbass!
This should have been your first reply ... But as Usual pushing your excuse for an agenda comes first...

Pajajajja todo un Ñam Ñam la Basura esa!!
Jajaja
If only it were actually you who wrote this tweet, trump. But, that would require honor, compassion, and humility. You’re such a disgrace.
So sad! Prayers to all involved!
Forgive me if I missed it, and do not get me wrong as I do feel very sorry for the people in Washington, but have you sent condolences or thoughts to California and the thousands hurting from the (damn near) entire state being on fire these past few months?
You didn’t miss it. He hasn’t said shit.
Go figure, though my statement was sarcastic.... why give "thoughts and prayers" for people whom mostly despise you? 
Oh, maybe because our revenue is the most significant in the country and if we fail to recover, the country will suffer.
I am with you, being from NYC.
We share your pain. And this POS #illegitimatePotus still has yet to say one word about the fires + devastation in CA. Am in LA right now and have seen it. It’s horrifying.
Born and raised in southern California... we're accustomed to fires... but these, they're the worst, literally.  :(

A president "on duty."
Same tweet as always but at least this time you got the right city pasted in
Doing a good job mr president
afterthought
I guess somebody got to you and reminded you that this was not all about you
If you lose the next election, please come to Britain and run for Pri-minister, Our Country need's you. #MakeBritainGreatAgain #Brexit #StopPoliticalCorrectness
America leader should 
Thinks and focuses how to improve American people life not focus how fight another countries illegally
My Condolences, Love, & Prayers Join with those of our POTUS
Thoughts and prayers = fucking nada.

Ok quicker recovery.
thoughts & prayers are empty, especially coming from you. you slash millions from infrastructure in your #TaxScamBill2017
You know thought and prayers don't do anything.  Other wise we wouldn't have mass shootings
Of course you are. What accident are you planning next Mr President?
You’re wouldn’t you send them some aid instead of thoughts and prayers you jack ass
I don't know who or what is doing it but something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and likes on the first ladies post president Trump and anything to do with President Trump or the first lady or their family I will keep retweeting and liking however many times it takes
Bullshit! Your thoughts and prayers are on your  pitiful "ratings". You have no sympathy for any of those families. You, Lil' Donnie are the train wreck!
really
Watching fox news isn't what I'd call monitoring...
Damn can't stop laughing to these tweets,should we borrow you guys a #ZimArmy??
First responders hate you just like everyone other else dummy...
