How thoroughly and predictably tacky 
Happy Impeachment! Now THAT would make Christmas merry 
What was tacky?
Oh well let's start with crass over-the-top ostentation while Americans in Puerto Rico still have no power, perhaps?
Nope, and nope.
But i'll get on the case of *anyone* who flaunts rank hypocrisy.
@LadyHellsBells  I'm sure you turned off your power & water sources at your home in honor of PR, right?  Maybe fasting too?
IF... i were leader of a government overseeing a US territory devastated by natural causes, i'd damn sure have looked after their basic fundamental safety, medical and nutritional needs 2 months later, before pulling a tactless publicity stunt like this.
Looks like tax dollars spent wisely. Not.
The nativity was worth every penny
You know the nativity has been there since 1967...
Yes with a few years of exceptions
Nope every year since 1967
Thank you @FLOTUS  for sharing. It looks absolutely amazing.  Took my breath away.  Thank you so much  for bringing back class and  elegance and most of all the nativity scene. 
God bless you @POTUS  and @FLOTUS  and your family. Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas to you and yours

#Fakepresidentswife
Wonderful!
You’ve brought beauty, elegance, and class back to The White House. Something that has been lacking there for decades. Thank you!!
joli!!!! kiss
Simply gorgeous!
Absolutely stunning! So proud to have you as our First Lady!
Very nice. Merry Christmas. Okay haters what now??? @maddow
With your husband as the president - all joy has been removed from our lives.
Save children now. Speak up against the killings and detention of  #Biafra people enslaved in nigeria by britain who are seeking  #Selfdetermination through #BiafraReferendum #BoycottEveryElectionInBiafraland Read here  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/disturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343?utm_source=social&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=%2Fdisturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343 …
Thank-you, Madam.  We are very proud of you, and grateful that you are our First Lady.  Thank-you, and Merry Christmas to you and your family.  We continue to pray earnestly for you all.
It’s absolutely stunning and beautiful. Don’t listen to the spiteful haters. They have hate running through their veins and spew venom...but, ironically, still follow your posts. Ban the bitches! 
God bless  u let us celebrate the birth of Christ
You being in our house literally makes me nauseous. Your decorations are ugly and ostentatious!
Melania Trump straddles the Merry Christmas vs Happy Holidays debate by mentioning both in a tweet
Wonder who else she is straddling?
Class n style to set ur profile! Silver Bells...
Merry Christmas!
Breathtaking!
beautiful
Merry Christmas Melania. Be Blessed and The Decorations are Beautiful.
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing.
Here go the liberal hate!
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS VERY GORGEOUS FIRST LADY AND TO YOUR WHOLE FAMILY! THIS AMERICAN WOMAN LOVES THAT YOUR IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
So beautiful! Thank You for bringing the Merry Christmas back! God Bless You! Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Just beautiful!!!  Takes your breath away!!
Well now we have gaudy in the White House, along with stupid.
Beautiful
Beautiful
we love you!!!
Superb.@FLOTUS has class
What a special sight
Beautiful again! Always a pleasure seeing what our First Ladies come up with for decorating The People’s House!
Wow such a beautiful display Christmas time is Beautiful and a time for giving and loving Thank you for sharing Christmas in the White House
Absolutely stunning. Thank you.
Great Job Miss President, Or should I say First Lady
nice 
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump



This says it all .....  Our First Lady is an Angel 
SO BEAUTIFUL.  Thank You @FLOTUS &  @POTUS 
Simply beautiful you are a true blessing to our country!
Is this going to be your Christmas card?
Better than Allah cards.
“Including Christians”.
Nope. Not buying it. Have a Merry Christmas.
Of course you’re not buying it. It’s a well known fact. Merry Christmas
You can call allah whatever you want but hes not The God.

1 to be an immigrant is to immigrate somewhere other than where you were born to live permanently, if you’re born in America you’re not an immigrant, if you’re born in Canada and come to America you’re an immigrant 2 by your logic “native Americans” are immigrants too
No they are not...
If im born somewhere and live there my entire life im not an immigrant to that place, so to say white people in America today are illegal immigrants is incredibly stupid and show a lack of understanding for the word immigrant. I could understand if it was decedents of illegal +
+immigrants but most people alive in America arent decedent from the “first landers” onto America soil, or any of those colonists
I never said white peope were illegal immigrants. Stop putting words into my mouth and educate yourself on the history of North America
Neither did i, i never accused you of it and im very aware of the history of North America.
This is beautiful but there are so many families suffering & xmas means nothing to them.  the money spent could provide a xmas to a few families.
I thought the decorations were absolutely stunning
Beautiful work FLOTUS


Awesome elegant beautifully done THANK YOU MRS FLOTUS AMERICA IS VERY GRATEFUL FOR YOUR INFLUENCE AND LOVELINESS 
GOD BLESS YOU AND YOURS XOXOX
There are two days of Christmas. None of which are in November.
In the States, the season starts with Thanksgiving. And I got my Christmas Tree up as well. It is the season to be jolly.
I am jolly during spring and  summer. The réal most wonderful time of the year.
So it is all about you, ey? No it is not. American tradition, the season starts with Thanksgiving. So just shut up already.
Being a Dutchman, I don't feel the need to participate in American traditions. St. Nicolas hasn't even  left yet.
Nobody tells you to do so. You are just being judgemental. You criticize Melania for honorering her American tradition.
Yes I did.
Makes you an ass, if you ask me.
This was so magnificently festive.  I have never seen anything so warm and stunning.
The most beautiful holiday Whitehouse elegant like our First Lady
presioso melania saludos s.e. donalt trump

Nightmare
someone loves christmas
How Beautiful!  :)
Dear Beloved, And Beautiful Melania,
You are Loved and Admired More than any First Lady That has Ever been in the White House !!America is Thankful and Blessed to have you Serve. 
My husband & I Are Trump Supporters 100%!
This is the most beautiful Christmas I have ever seen the White House.  It was breathtaking.  Thank you Melania.
It's beautiful. I love all the wintery snowy goodness. Thank you for the nativity.

Everything @POTUS @FLOTUS have done is try to bring back American pride. They see the @WhiteHouse as THE AMERICAN PEOPLE’s house. They did that FOR US.
Well that would explain why they're so averse to the idea of living in it
Right right, that's why Trump keeps insisting he has two residences bc he's still trying to make "the winter White House" become a thing.
Again....IDIOT. Likely has many more. ALL modern POTUS' had homes they often went to. GWB, Crawford ranch. Obamas, Hawaii AND Martha's Vineyard, which they RENTED and charged to us, Carter, his peanut farm. Nothing new here. I call my house the Lake House. Doesn't mean it's one.
All other presidents didn’t CONspire with an enemy to rig an election and didn’t make millions off of their “winter house” trump crime family.. keeping it real
Kind of heavy on the White dominance as a theme this year aren’t we?
Best it's Ever Looked
DON'T YOU WANT TO DISAPPEAR INTO AN ARMOIRE AND NEVER RETURN #NARNIA #YOURXMASGIFT
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They keep talking about class and elegance @FLOTUS was a ho. I guess @FLOTUS44 and those before her weren't nude "models"
Looks like crap. Fake like the President.
Beautiful and Very tastefully done. Merry Christmas to you and President Trump. 
waste of tax payers money.
I loved it, beautiful.
Iwouldnt disappoint that inthe world keeping into consideration that you are the favorite one
It’s beautiful, Melanie!
I LOVE Everything !!!
Great Work
The trees & ornaments were beautiful & the Whitehouse staff looked like they were filled with the spirit of Christmas. Great job everyone!
Beautiful... thank you FLOTUS for bring class back to the White House!
Love our White house

Bless your heart...you tried.
Simply gorgeous!  Breath-taking, even!
THE WHITE HOUSE LOOKS FANTASTIC!!!!!!!Thank you to "AMERICAS FIRST LADY".... A FIRST LADY W CLASS....
Former nude model
Hypocritical slut shamer.
Merry Christmas! It Looks Beautiful!
These are the most beautiful Christmas decorations that I have ever seen. Why don't all the haters just take the planks out of their eyes and enjoy them for what they are! Merry Christmas.
Beautiful!  I'm glad I came to your Twitter Tweet!  I saw a few negative posts on my facebook and knew that they were probably just hater comments just trying to make others think negatively.  Happy a jingle bell day!
Gorgeous
Great
красотка))
What have you done?  This is the ugliest thing i have ever seen.
Your decorations SUCK!
Merry Christmas to u also.. Thank you .. am proud to say u are our 1st lady
Beautiful!! So glad that you are in the White House!!
Absolutely beautiful!! Merry Christmas!
Who cares if the decorations are up at the WH. It's not important any more, all the Joy of the season has been trampled on by a person who thinks he rules the world.
Beautiful!!!
VERY BEAUTIFUL, MERRY CHRISTMAS.
Beautiful, and so thankful of the restoration of the words #MerryChristmas throughout the White House. GOD BLESS YOU
@POTUS @FLOTUS and @WhiteHouse
Absolutely beautiful.
Absolutely beautiful!
Thank you First Lady Melania.
How beautiful, what a difference a year makes!
Merry Christmas to you, Melania and to your son.  Peace,
I think the white is beautiful.   I’ve never seen the White House look so elegant....like our First Lady
Will you be decorating Donnie’s prison cell for him next Christmas?
Beautiful !! Merry Christmas !
Absolutely gorgeous Christmas decorations in the White House!
Thank you First Lady for your exquisite taste.
The White House looks beautiful!  I love how you decorated with those white trees! It looks amazing. And I love that grey sweater you're wearing too. So stylish!
MELANIA DID A FABULOUS JOB AND EVERYTHING LOOKS WONDERFUL. GOD BLESS HER FOR A GREAT JOB.
Thanks,I love you,,,wish your happiness and US,,
So beautiful!  Elegant Christmas!
Your husband thinks that place is a dump.
Heartwarming.
Beautiful!!
Beautiful! Merry Christmas, Mr. President and First Lady!

The White House looks Beautiful and Merry Christmas to you and President Trump can't wait till you both come to Britain 
Wow this is absolutely beautiful!!!!!
Merry Christmas !!!
Classy! Very talented and intelligent! Love THE  FLOTUS!
Are you gonna make it until Xmas, Melania...could be gone B4 Christmas!!!!! Please LORD that would be the best present...
I believe the correct adjective is ostentatious.
Looks like a real nightmare - as the presidency of ur husband. Merry christmas!
Looks like shit. Hope your hubby lives a long life just to spite you. #IvankaTrump
U r so dumb just as your husband
Thank you Mts Trump for the most beautiful whitehouse Christmas we’ve ever seen SO much class
@FLOTUS    So lovely!  Class is back!
happy holidays 
nice one ma lady
Winter wonderland at the white house! Every year I look forward to seeing the decorations, looking back over the years I must say  this years are the best over all the Christmas's Beautiful breath taking and the smiles upon the childrens faces!!!!
when this is the most important thing you've ever done as the first lady
The First Noel is of unknown origin but generally thought to be English dating back to the sixteenth century.   America’s problems are deeply moral & spiritual when we replace Jesus with a banal cup of coffee and a happy holiday cup emblematic of a culture of Christian cleansing.
Stupid much?
the mot beautiful decorating EVER. subtle mix of winter wonderland, hebrew blues and silver and the best merry christmas theme, love it classy look from a classy lady <3
Absolutely beautiful

Christmas Isn't about decorating or competition..its about the birth of our heavenly father....no one seems to care anymore in this century
Gorgeous! Christmas blessings to you and yours, @FLOTUS
Superb!  Merry Christmas Melania!
Beautiful
Merry Christmas 
Absolutely beautiful!
How much did this tasteless, gaudy crap cost us??!!!! When are you deported Melania? Don't forget that Trumps real heart throb, @IvankaTrump Skankvanka moved into the WH before you! She moved in on the wrinkly, nasty,  2 1/2 inch thing u married! Hope the $ was worth it all!
White House Christmas decorations are way coo cool Mrs. Trump!
Gorgeous!
Omg FLAWLESS!!!! Absolutely gorgeous just like @FLOTUS
It's beautiful, 1st Lady Melania... Awesome selection and the warmth is spiritually transferable from the video footage. Thank you, for making the Christmas season tangible with your touch of your love.  May it overflow. Charise
Where's the Hanukkah bush ?
And the fact that you are still there has ruined my Christmas. You are sick dangerous demented people who have stained our democracy and the Whitehouse!
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse Breathtaking and gorgeous, wonderful job Mrs. First Lady Trump.  I loved looking at the video.
 (((JINGLE BELLS!)))
Beautiful and classy just like our First Lady!
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse and they are beautiful
Beautiful first lady and beautiful White House awesome job
This is beautiful. Best it's ever been.
I thank God for you  Melania and President Trump .God bless you and Merry Christmas. The Urrea Family.
love you, Christmas Lady!
Melania, you are a TRUE First Lady of the White House!!  Thank You Very Much!!
Stunning!!!
Thanks for sharing.
Let some people die ooooooooi
Emocionante <3
Merry Christmas to the most gracious First  Family ever! XOXO
I love your decorations, Mrs T ! Please forgive the liberals, they can't help themselves. It's really nice to have Christmas back in the White House!
Spectacular!  Thank-you, Merry Christmas!!
@PressSec @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
God bless you Melania!! Merry Christmas!!
So beautiful!!!
Photos look beautiful
Awesome decorations
Merry Christmas!!!!
Absolutely Breathtaking
Thank you First Lady! Wishing you and family a very Merry Christmas!
It is beautiful!
How many fucking christmas trees does one household need gimme a break
Celebrate, get out quick,get your PRENUP before the money is gone...do some math! Keep out of jail for Ivanka,Jerad,JR, Eric and of course daddy is going to be the BIGGEST cost factor in history..lawyers are smiling
Gee, is there actually a nice Trump?  How do you put up with him?
Cowboys & redskins no national anthem sad disgraceful
Merry Christmas President and Mrs. Trump, from America!  THANK YOU for caring so much.   The White House is so beautiful this Christmas.
No matter what, I think it looks beautiful, haters saying it's SCARY-NOT! Get some glasses
Simply beautiful!!! 
Wishing you a Blessed and Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
