How beautiful. All the best!
Poor people are not welcome. This man do not stand for the lower income- sorry we will get deported to never land.
It’s wonderful to enjoy Christmas again in America
Have you been in prison? You have Xmas pics from past on your facebook.
Melania when woman see you with a man like Trump you make us cringe you are a lot better than Trump he is pulling you down ruining your reputation

I don't know how many times I've had to retweet this post and like it again something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and undoing my likes on the first lady and presidents post I wish it would stop I will keep reposting and retweeting Andre liking as long as it takes
Wow. The holding hand thing going on between them, looks more like an arm wrestling competition. Melania always seems 2 come in place.
Joy to all!

Hi and now it's christmas 
Happy Hanukkah
Very good
I suppose he wants the people on welfare to pay his electric bill for that tree too... Merry Christmas to all the wealthy top percent!!
They got the money from the same place as the welfare drainers did. We the tax payers
The welfare drainers? Like Trump?  And his wealthy friends who feel they need more money ?   Apparently u don't know how an economy works. If the people don't have money they can't spend and if they can't spend the economy fails and crime and hysteria will be rampant. Good luck!
Well seeing how I've owned a business for 19 years and retail sales are up 50% reported by retailers, I think it's safe to say you are wrong
Sales up 50%? Then why are people not getting paid better ?  Kids are hungry and cold. Ehh who cares right? As long as your business is doing well right!?  It is right?
Sales up, people get hired they feed their kids so my taxes drop because I'm not paying anymore. Business is good so I donate money to children cancer research . Children are eating and getting healthy.
Have u not read the statistics on child poverty in this country? There are millions of hungry kids living in America. In fact, I'm up now cuz I'm flipping hungry!  I want a cheese burger or a juicy steak and salad.  I'm so hungry...
Obama had 8 years to fix it, what happened with that
Not impressed, makes me sad that we have @realDonaldTrump  as our President! Hoping for a brighter New Year after he has been impeached.#MuellerTime
MAGA MUELLER AIN'T GOING AWAY!!!!!!!!
And neither is the American people that voted for President Trump ! ... We will support him 100%
There are not enough of you to beat the #Resistance 
That's what you think ! ...It was enough of us to get him elected. And we can and will, do it again ! #MAGA

@realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP  Divorce Melania. She has no respect for you. It is cause of you she is here. Send her back, who does she think she is all of a sudden. Divorce her You deserve better.
Lightening is enlightening world  what u did  for   what u do for 
That what  u think  is better for 
Or that what u must do 
Are there different answers
Apologize to @BarackObama for your #birther lies
Beautiful . First Lady Malania you look absolutely stunning in your red dress. No one has ever dressed  as beautifully as you with all your outfits. κούκλα
Melanie

I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like
But I've heard the tender whispers of love in the dead of night
And you tell me that you're pleased
And that I'm never alone
You're a good good father
90% of the seats empty
Probably didn't need a Mic to address all 25 people there... @realDonaldTrump
Failed President of NOBODY!!!!!
FLOTUS can't even fake a smile at this point.
@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse Melania--may you, Barron, Donald, and all the staff of the White House be blessed with peace, joy and deepened faith this Christmas season. God bless you all, and may the years to come be a season of righteousness and miracles.


She's even blocked me so I can't SEE her trolling.
That's what trolls do!
Thank You, for bringing some class to the White House! Happy Holidays from Texas!
Class???? Stripper wife, POTUS is a fraud &  grabs women by their kitty cat.... meOUT! Please 
Lol 

Maybe there is not a lot of people there because they have jobs and are too busy working and not getting a hand out.
then again, maybe not
Thank you for making Christmas awesome again!
Christmas? They are standing at a Jewish wall.
so true, I didn't notice! now I see the wall and trump wearing a yarmulke.
I also like that the only way we can get a photo of Mr. & Mrs. embracing is by photoshopping two separate photos together.  She acts like he has cooties.    
I wouldn't want to stand next to him either. He would probably try to grope me.
Show us the YUGE array of empty chairs!
Those chairs were filled under Obama. Trump found them jobs
Funny. But Trump's actual job creation numbers are the weakest in years.
Not surprised a lib ignores documented facts
Not a liberal. And here are those job numbers, which are as documented as they can be: https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/CES0000000001?output_view=net_1mth …
https://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet …

Try that the unemployment rate is at it's lowest in years
Nobody there.
Nope because the 25 million followers watched from a facebook feed in their warm homes
Get it through your snowflake brains that President Trump will not be impeached.It could be a lot worse we could have had Hillary Clinton in office.She would of excluded the Christmas tree because it would have offended Muslims.Thankfully we took that from you liberals.Yea TOOK.

Disgusting
Lovely
The white house has never looked so beautiful..

Former Fox News anchor says Trump once tried to kiss her http://thr.cm/7p7z71  
Melania ! 
Hokey.
Was für eine wunderschöne Diva diese Melania!
The way they hold hands...
@realDonaldTrump you ruined the holidays
Still the painful looks of having to hold his hand! I feel your pain @FLOTUS
The most beautiful Christmas Tree  ever !
terorist america  they baby killed they moslem.killed but kuzey kore kim young tell speak trump who it  who  trump grill man 
So beautiful
Show us the crowd, the throngs waiting for a glimpse of POTUS.  Haha.  Empty.




The look on your face. "What TF was I thinking???"
Awsome POTUS and FLOTUS.

تحيا فلسطين القدس عربية
Free Palestine 


Looks very cold!
Why were the LGBTQ reporters not invited to the White House Christmas party?  Care to explain yourself @FLOTUS?  Could it be you are just as hateful as your husband?

who cares what he does the creep & does Melania endorse the child molester Roy Moore & would she allow him  around her son??
And the new taxation!  Please hear both sides on the Ill effects.  At least we know that middle class will be paying a lot more!  Thanks!!!
Please explain to the world why Pres T you decided to declare Jerusalem.  We are shaking the world into sparking something
Let every heart prepare Him room. If only it was so. He is the Prince of Peace. Emanuel. God with us. No one comes to the father but through Him.
Would have been nice had you and the MORON not been there.
Happy Birthday ...
the most hastened family in the US since decades enlightened a christmas tree
I love you my darling, hot coco and thin mints in the West Wing tonight! I'll wear my  pajamas!
More retweets than people at the lighting . . . LOL!!!!!
Melania..You are such a lovely and compassionate First Lady. We love you. Beauty inside and out

worst tree lighting ratings ever
the people hate potus more than they love folklore
Does @realDonaldTrump know you retweet ABC News? You allowed?
Sometimes I forget Melania is in charge. Because sometimes Melania appears like an awe-struck child. Love you, Melania.
That tree looks shit.
They literally just stuck a giant traffic cone with lights over it.
I want you to put a bullet in my head and shoot me and kill me
Your no fucking help
I'm better off being with my parents in heaven
I have nobody
Just kill me
You don't fucking help
Wait! This is ABC news, so that means this is totally FAKE news according to your whacky husband.
Thank you so much for bringing joy back to the WH! We are so proud of our First Lady and @POTUS 
THANK YOU FOR SERVING ANOTHER DAY! Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!
#EpicFail
PUSSY GRABBER...PEEPING TOM

ALL U.S. presidents have said Merry Christmas but only @realDonaldTrump says it in 2 languages!
Fulfilled prophecy in #Bible is the one proof that other religions can’t escape, and can’t get around. The Bible is filled with fulfilled prophecy. One-fourth of the Scripture, when it was written, was prophetic; that is, it announced things that were to take place in the future.
I am so sad that you both scowl during this beautiful annual event. You really took the joy out of the whole event!!!!!
Thank you Melania, for bringing back the grace and elegance we have not seen in the White House since the days of Jacqueline Kennedy.
Bush says MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
Gorgeous smart hard-working President Donald Trump and his beautiful wife , Melania Merry Christmas to POTUS, and Flotus and America Merry Christmas!!
Uh Melania looks pretty good but Trump is disgusting! I’d rather die than even touch him. It’s well known she keeps away from him.
Bal küpü
Tacky tree 2 match the tacky family

Gee, that's small. The crowd I mean. I guess with Trump ya gotta be specific.

#MondayMotivation If you're looking for a worthwhile Christmas donation please consider this family I've been helping for the last several months.  They need a boost to re-establish themselves after breaking from an abusive situation. Anything helps. God Bless & Merry Christmas! …
Christmas is a happier time in America. Not sure about the Grimm fairytale of your homeland. Appropriate though, since you’ll be taking so many to hell. Want me to pack your bags? I hope Barron was artificially inseminated. I hope you didn’t actually let that pig in. Ew.
 MERRY CHRISTMAS 
سال نو 2018 مبارک

Well atleast shes the only one who looked good can't say the same for her chetto looking husnand.

Ha Ha! No one really showed up
Who cater

It's so awesome to have a President who loves CHRISTmas!
I'm so sorry, Melania. You look like you are in so much pain.
Best turnout...never!
How many people were actually in the audience?
@realDonaldTrump

Trumps not a who he’s more of a what.
"I did try & fuck her. She was married. I moved on her like a bitch. She’s now got the big phony tits and everything. I just start kissing [women], I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy."

Wow, look at all those empty seats. This event is usually standing room only. Sad!
Your husband is the WORST.
FLOTUS great work on Christmas decorations of White House
Beautiful !!!!
https://funds.gofundme.com/mobile/share/link?url=mnvsu6-family-in-need-for-holiday-season …
You should get a novel prize for putting up with this terrible person...immigrants have to work hard in this country...#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
Funny how Trump says we don't have a gun problem in this country but orders bullet proof glass at a tree lighting ceremony.  Hypocritical???
...and no one showed up. #WorstPresidentEver
I think Melania is not only supporting her husband but she is there to respect and support America. That is as in support and respect of the American people meaning she is there also for me and you.

They look so awkward together
Gain your self-respect and dump Trump you got too much going for you not to but of course he probably made you sign a big prenup cuz money is his God
the real first lady:
melania you're not the first
Ce n'est pas la Hidalgo cette illuminé va plutôt au ramadan
@FLOTUS is a super freak lol

We love you Melania ! Thank you ! Christmas in America again !

Make sure your hubby sees this. Shocking video of Hillary and Obama picking puppies from a litter and chasing them with tennis rackets.
Puke!
who else saw the hands play and laughed?
What’s up with the hand wrestling towards the end with Melanie?  Weird af!
Gorgeous Tree! First Lady outdid herself in all the decorations in and around the White House! Pure Class!
Small crowd, Trump despised.
she smiled, she actually fucking smiled @FLOTUS
Dark Christmas apropos for the times + admin... Melania Trump Is Dreaming Of A Dark Christmas  #FirstLadyHo gotta go, but "She's trying her best, says Ivana."   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gob0unzEdRw … … #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
Most women who find out their husbands are sexual predators divorce them, but not you!  @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump great family you have there.
I am looking to buy Eastern European bride any ideas donnie
