Helpful hint: don’t wear stilletos when you do your “volunteer work”
Go the hell Home!
YOUR FRIENDS SHOULD BE TELLING MELANIA TRUMP TO GET AN AIDES TEST WITH DONALD TRUMP HAVING SEX WITH PORN STARS TRUMP COULD HAVE AIDES I WONDER IF TRUMP'S DOCTOR CHECKED HIM FOR AIDES IF HE DID THE DOCTOR DIDN'T HAVE TO TELL AMERICA.  OUR PRESIDENT COULD HAVE AIDES RIGHT NOW WOW
I KNOW ONE THING IF I WAS A MOTHER I WOULDN'T LET MELANIA TRUMP OR DONALD TRUMP KISS MY BABY I WOULDN'T EVEN LET THEM TOUCH MY BABY YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND OF SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASE THEY MAY HAVE IF DONALD TRUMP BEEN RUNNING AROUND WITH PORN STARS HERPES ANYTHING DANGEROUS
I love you my lady Melania trump stand strong in your Faith in our Father in Heaven and our Savior Jesus Christ stand with our president Donald Trump these times there going to bombard him for what good he is doing in areas no change has been made in alongtime be safe I send love
Dear Melania Trump (@FLOTUS), 
Your Husband cheated on you with a Porn Star, 4 months after you gave birth to Barron. While this sucks, you do realize that you can get the "ultimate payback", right?  All you have to do is pick up the phone and dial ROBERT MUELLER!
Love you
Something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and my likes on the first ladies post and the president of the United States posts I will keep retweeting them and liking them as many times as it takes I don't know who's doing it but I wish it would stop I support our president
Thank you for all you do. God bless you and your husband. America loves our First Family.
Looking forward to visiting @JBABdc today to help @ToysForTots_USA sort & pack toys to be shipped to children across the country in time for #Christmas!  Thank you to all who volunteer time for others – esp during the holidays.
I hate you

ever thought about upholding your cause to fight cyber bullying by starting in your own home????!!!!
Can’t put the #hate aside to recognize a worthwhile charity? That’s really #sad

#priorities
btw i love Melania.  loved her pics as a model, I think she is grand.  beautiful person on the inside just married to a jackass.
I don't agree with you on who she's married to he is the President because God put him in office nothing else
I guess with that idea God put Hitler in charge of Nazi Germany.  how foolish of an idea to think that God would use a blatant womanizer to carry the fate of the Christian world on his back. how ridiculous.
I want to volunteer.. hope I’m well enough soon 
An ex-prostitute for first lady...BARF!
The star of @POTUS is sinking. Time to make good weather, Barbie?
Stick to taking your beautiful photos. Comments like this doesn't help get toy to tots. How many toys have you gifted? Chop chop!
My tweet wasn’t directed to @ToysForTots_USA (good luck to them) but to the the lying and calculating #Trump-Clan.
And be assured, I‘m donoring to the poorest way more than average.
Message Trump, and don't harass  women. 
I believe you. Thanks for being a humanitarian. 
Well I think any administration needs a strategy but you make it sound like their trying to destroy the country, obama did that.
Had to retweet this again and like it all over again probably for the hundredth time something or someone keeps on undoing all of my retweets and likes from the first lady and president and anyone in their Administration something needs to be done about this this is not fair



I love that coat, and the color is very pretty. Its great to give especially to needy children here. Many go hungry, without books and even shelter. I used to donate my kids books to the schools and was known as the book lady.
Now she’s a hooker? Stay classy pal
Stay classy
Seriously even when she’s helping a charity she and her husband are attacked? You people are clowns.
Bless you and everything you do!
Name one thing she’s done.
#StopAfrinGenocide
You should be fighting cyber bullying woman...
Will your husband tax the children who receive the gifts?
Jeff would U promise to not abuse children anymore! The neighbors r afraid for their children since they dug around  to find out that U r abusive... Ur comments to children & and to others bout kids r inappropriate...Ur part of brain washing kids? To do... ?
Spellcheck
im iranian boy



Blessings to you and your beautiful family.
AS THEY TAKE AWAY AMERICAN’S SOCIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, MEDICAID, EDUCATION FUNDS, CHILDREN’S HEALTHCARE AND GIVE THE FUNDS TO THE RICHEST IN TBE COUNTRY.
FUCK THE TRUMPS.

Thank you for being a shining example of selflessness, elegance, & charity! Merry Christmas!
very happy merry Christmas Melania enjoying   I love you.
DO WHAT YOU SAID WORK ON YOUR BULLY FOR THE KIDS
mxmas & happy new year  2018  from fullerto california to all in white house
You are a remarkable Lady, a credit to the USA. Thank you for becoming a Us citizen and showing your patriotism.  A lot of natural citizens have forgotten what patriotism is!
felszolitjuk a Vatikánt  tegyen a diszno bérgyilkosok ellen  akit  ellenünk küldtek  az Imamm

Thankful & highly appreciable always indeed.
You are such a kind lady. This is so refreshing to have you there for us.
زوجكي يا ملري اوقح رجل في تاريخ امريكا
ميه وثمانيه وعشرون
Looking for a gift for #FuckfaceVonClownstick
Dropped my toys last week! Great charity.
keep it clean...
Mrs. Trump, I heard that Barren would like a Golden Doodle. Best dogs ever. 541-480-7628 is my number. I would love to give Hume one this coming year.  This is not a joke. I am a retired Nurse and upstanding member in our community in Prineville Oregon.
#AdoptDontShop stay away from dog breeders and adopt from a shelter.
Thankyou
The only scam there is are the democrats scamming Americans in to voting for the traitors that is the scam
LOVE
Imagine if don divorced you and you became welfare you’d be just another poverty ridden immigrant
Go away gold digging stripper
You are doing such a wonderful job FLOTUS. ..we love you. ..please continue the good job. ...God Bless you and the family always. ..
Just ignore all the naysayers, they hsve no joy in their hearts!  They definitely have some mental issues. Thank you Melania for being a great first lady and God bless America.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=381263512326414&id=100013283056325 … @realDonaldTrump. @seanhannity. @FoxNews 
LOVE YOU
Thank you God Bless You and May He Bless All That Is Yours. Even the Secret Treasures of Your Heart.
What about the children who lost their families due to your IMMIGRATION policy. I would like to know your views on this.... as someone not born in the States?
She will express her views on that when she gives the press conference she promised during her husband's campaign to clarify how she was able to work in the United States even though she was only on a temporary visitor's visa at that time!
LOL ah well at least that explains why she ignored YOUR tweet 
I m girl
and my mom much sick
have a cancer in the hand
my mom no money for operations 
please help my Mon
please
Amazing! Awareness  of the time, making sure children are included in the giving! Great Job First Lady Trump!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2u1GG-PhFg …
Leave Him, Melania!

Will you be wearing this number again? #HangYourselfTrump
Thank you
https://painverseslife.blogspot.com 
Thank you Trump family!
Thank you for all you do for so many of our kids. You look gorgeous. What a great First Lady.
Thats nice, while the Liar and Chief, Twitter Twit, Donald Douche, takes money from the working class and poor, to give to the Millionaire's! Sad! #25THAMENDMENT!
You just pretend
Awesome thank you
https://www.gofundme.com/keep-a-roof-over-my-children-and-i …
These would be the same children your husband disdains by avoiding thevreauthirization of CHIP? Or the children of families that will lose health insurance because your husband hates a particular black man?
Good for nothing Whore!

Melania, aren't you trying to reduce bullying?  Have your husband stop it, it's an ugly trait to pass on to your son.
Can you do this in English next time
Who cares what you think
Thanks for all you do as our fabulous  first lady!you always make us so proud!
Mrs Trump, you are a FLOTUS America can be very proud of.
Thank you Melanie for being the most beautiful and graceful lady in the White House
I feel the World loves your goodness, First Lady, Melania.
Thank you. that's great
Thank you precious lady for all you are doing!  We appreciate you!
Your such a sweet first lady!!!
Thank you Mrs. Trump. You and your husband are deeply appreciated. Making Christmas Great Again 
Thank you, Mrs. Trump for exemplifying what a beautiful first Lady does in extending encouragement to our troops with your appearance.
Thanks for the warning, we'll try to make sure as many people leave the base as possible before you get there, you alt-right shill and national embarrassment.
You are the best! Thank you.
Grab em by the vagina!
Will any of Deplorable Don’s “friends” be there too?
God bless you First Lady Melania Trump
Thank You First Lady.....Your focus on children is inspirational!!! Peace and Blessings this Christmas.
You are super!  Keep doing good things and help MAGA! Merry Christmas!  We love you!
Rush Limbaugh Explains How ‘Obama Weaponized the FBI Against Trump’ http://truthfeednews.com/rush-limbaugh-explains-how-obama-weaponized-the-fbi-against-trump/ … via @truthfeednews
@WhiteHouse @JBABdc @ToysForTots_USA Thank you. Merry Christmas
like
Thanks for the gift may GOD'S grace be with you and your family and the great USA
You are doing a great job as our First Lady,lm very proud of you!
Stupid, name one piece of legislation she helped craft...
FLOTUS many Blessings of love peace joy and compassion fruit of His Spirit shows how Blessed we the people to have you as our first Lady @FLOTUS
We are thankful and extremely Blessed by our FLOTUS #winning
Thank you!
We love you Melania you're truly an amazing women. God bless you & your wonderful family. You're a Princess in my eyes. 
So sweet.  Hope all this love makes your day, First Lady.
Thank you mrs. president like your husband you're helping to make America great thank you and God bless you
Thank you Mrs.Claus.. So many suffered this year.
Merry Christmas to you and your family. Thank you for all your wonderful work
@WhiteHouse @JBABdc @ToysForTots_USA Thanks for your visit Melania, it was a lovely caring events.
عُليًاحضرًت شهبانو فرح پهلوي
Always put in for Grands whose mother was ill and passed. Never heard anything. Wondered if you had to know someone.
Thank you for going there what a good project to help familes through the holidays
I think those of you who aren't acting in the spirit of the holidays should be ashamed of yourself for being disrespectful.
Thank you for your service FLOTUS!
Thank you @FLOTUS for all you do.  So proud to have you as our First Lady!
Just stay home!!
Mel. Please Help me. I am looking for many Gifts, for a Poor Children from Lima Perú.
I love you to
Thank you First Lady for your dedication to such great cause. This Vet thanks you 
You are a blessing to our nation Melania. You have a kind and caring heart. May God bless all you do. P.S. I pray for you and your family often.
I think Melania is doing a great job. It’s Christmas time and people are so  mean. #HappyHolidays2017 #BeKind   #lovetoall
Even now, so close to Christmas, petty jabs by people who have so much to be thankful for. My Lady, continue the good work and let not the negativity affect you or keep you from doing, being and thinking your very best!! Happy Holidays to you and those you love!! God bless you!!
Many thanks, Hon. Flotus for your kindness! 
Absolutly good thoughts  merry Christmas and god bless all of your family's.
Despite the immaturity displayed here and the lack of wisdom, thank you for continuing the legacy of First lady's, reaching out to the hurting and needy children! Thank you Melania. Ignore the rude and cruel comments of our disgruntled Americans that doesn't know when to stop.
Can't wait till you're taken out with your crooked husband
Nice thought and good publicity stunt but why don’t you focus on your so called cause and stop cyber bullying starting with your husband.  Next be a woman and make him apologize for Gillibrand tweet. That’s something we care about
Hey Dearest Melania Our Angel, We
thank you for being so caring n loving
to America we are grateful n appreciate
your kindness n warmth in everything
u do we love you GOD BLESS YOU N YOUR BELOVED HUSBAND♰AMEN♰♰☨
God bless you always you have a big heart  
Yet CHIP is still unfounded .....could be a great Christmas gift to many sick children....should be more important then tax breaks for the rich ....do something GOOD FLOTUS....
Thank you So much Mrs. Trump.  Have a wonderful day and may God bless you
PHOTO-OP! What - or, sorry - Who will you be wearing?
Have a blessed day it's so much fun to just give.

Can you pack CHIP?
Thank you , thank you , mrs. Trump we love you doooo much and marry Christmas  hugs to you beautiful son , and your husband mr. President
I am very proud , and  blessed  for having your husband for president , God bless you , 
Excellent cause, Ma'am!
Don't kill Syria
Good  morning ,FIRST LADY.

Love you Melania . God Bless you in all you do . 
Melania Trump. A voice for victims of cyberbullying. Except . . . Oh, that's right, she's married to the most powerful cyberbully on the planet.
Are you saying there’s no Santa?!?!
Truly Beautiful Lady  Merry Christmas and God Bless America
