Hey Melania, how's that "Cyber-bullying" thing going? I'm sure that must be a full time job for you since you're married to the BIGGEST cyber bully of all time! #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw
She's just another Stepford resident.I don't think she actually DOES anything other than show up for photo ops, does she?She's a non starter & has never really done worthwhile work. She just follows that fat ugly man around like a stiff mannequin.
She obviously can’t stand that awful predator. Makes my skin crawl.
The entire family makes my skin crawl. I'm not an American, but I have American friends & family whom are very dear to me, and in today's world, the actions of leaders affect the entire planet. Especially this one. SMH . Cheers
Beauty Love Joy Happiness and Faith has returned to the White House and the American People!
GOD BLESS the Trump Family, and all who support them!
Merry Christmas to  @FLOTUS(Melania Trump)  and @POTUS(President Trump).
@777Francejacque Do you remember this day? God bless your heart, my dear friend. 7MoreYears!!!
#GodIsStillAtWork!!!
#WorshipHim!!!


Beautiful and thank you for all you do for our country!
#MerryChristmas to you and yours! 
Tell Barron - this is for him from our bulldog!!
Your fellow #TrumpSupporter MUDERED #HeatherHeyer in #Charlottesville.  Her mother will NEVER have Heather to celebrate #Christmas with again.
Think about that each time you laud the #WhiteSupremacistInChief

We miss and love you #HeatherHeyer
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to the Trump family

Adorable photo of President Trump with his sweet son, Barron!

FYI:  For those of you who were not aware, President Trump hosted the NRA at the White House on the anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre, and didn't mention any of the victims of the massacre at all the entire day.

Treason is the reason for the season.
JESUS is the reason for the season! He will change your life and fill you with joy if you ask Him. 
SO THANKFUL FOR THESE TWO!
Christmas and Patriotism all in one beautiful pic
Merry Christmas & Thank you for #MAGA
She's not even American....
Weyou! 
#MerryChristmas 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Lucky us! Not!
Merry Christmas to you and your family.

Sigh...  

"We're saying Merry Christmas again" 
It's been 77 days since Congress let CHIP, the children's health insurance program that insures 9,000,000, expire.
Merry Christmas from Poland
FU
it's not "tax reform" it's money hoarding embezzlement being legalized.
Love this picture!  Merry Christmas America
Hope you had a good time decorating because it will be your only chance.
Merry Christmas and may God Bless you and your beautiful family 
Beautiful! So proud of our President and First Lady.
What a magnificent President and First Lady-
We are very proud of the Trump family!
RIGHT NOW SALLY QUINN on C-SPAN who says she was 19 & LED JOHN TOWER on Sexually NOW w/ WASHINGTON POST on with GRETCHEN CARLSON METOO! Trying to pass Legislation "to allow women to accuse men without prejudice" NOW TELLING Women to ACCUSE @POTUS of SEX ASSAULT @JudgeJeanine
will there be enough smudge sticks to cleanse that place when they are done?
Merry Christmas!!!!!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to @POTUS, @FLOTUS  and America’s son Baron!
Merry Christmas First Lady and President Trump, best thing that ever 
happened to USA. 
Merry Christmas to the POTUS and FLOTUS and family
Merry Christmas President Trump and First Lady!  May God bless you and continue to look after you and your family.  Thank you for being you and fighting for the common good!
It's a beautiful photo. Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Beautiful. Thanks President Trump for everything that you are doing. Wishing you, Mrs Trump, Bannon, and the  rest of your family a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
Did they adopt Bannon???????
And while trump supporters are so happy saying "Merry Christmas" @realDonaldTrump and the #GOPTaxScam have just robbed your children blind. At Christmas. WTFU!
That's ok bc for some insane reason they're too stupid to understand.
Love Our Beautiful First Family 
SMILE FOR THE CAMERA HONEY. LETS MAKE AMERICA THINK THAT WE'RE A HAPPY COUPLE. OOOH MY...THE TREES ARE AS FAKE LOOKING AS WE ARE DON !!
isn't it amazing how the same law the government uses to prosecute people by.. is the very same one they use to avoid accountability.And to clear their selves by..
BeautifulSO PROUD  MAGA
Merry Christmas   #FLOTUS 
I pray you have a blessed time with family & friends! We are grateful for all you are doing for America. I pray Barron is doing good! I pray for your family daily. God bless
#MerryChristmas 
God Bless you! Always. 
Merry Christmas FLOTUS and POTUS and family !!
Merry Christmas 
My wish for you is that you get brave enough to ditch him. My guess is that you are only in it now to protect your kids. Wealth and power mean nothing without ethics.
He's cool but our first lady is just so beautiful.  Inside and out.
Have a Merry Christmas from Pam and Jack Evan's. To Trump Family. We love you.
Beautiful..May God be with you both always.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas to the entire Trump family.  God bless you all.
Merry Christmas to our great #potus and #FLOTUS and loved ones!  God Bless you!
Merry Christmas and God bless you and your family.
Christmas trees & patriotism. I’m proud to say, I’m with them.
FAKE snow!
Merry Christmas Mr. President, Mrs. Trump
Please resign. #NotMyPresident #sexualpredator
Your husband needs to read the tweets about #ELDorMe #KnockOutBadRegs #EndTheELDMandate and stop pretending it's "safety" related... #ATA and mega carriers are out for a #CashGrab all while being the most unsafe part of the transportation industry
Dont steal the silver when you have to pack up next month.
Merry Christmas to Our President and First Lady!!! 
Merry Christmas!  The grace, peace, and wisdom of God continue to increase upon you. Divine protection and overflowing joy be yours!
A total embarrassment to America. Please leave .
#MerryChristmas !!!
Awesome 


CHRISTMAS message for the @POTUS, President @realDonaldTrump MERRY CHRISTMAS from BRITAIN and the BRITISH people. See you in 2018 on British soil. RT to send Christmas greetings to Trump. …
Merry Christmas. God Bless you and your family. 
Merry Christmas to you too CeCe! That’s a beautiful picture you posted!!! Thank you!!!
This will not be a merry Christmas for the children you deprive of health care or the working poor you rob to give to the rich. Zero Christian values. You should be ashamed of yourself. #repent. #MAGA
Merry Christmas to the entire Trump family!!! Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  @LaraLeaTrump
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL COUPLE IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN 
GREAT VICTORIES 
PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP AND MADAME FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP THANK BOTH OF YOU FOR MAKING AMERICA GREAT 
It's great to see our President and his lovely wife and remember that he spends every day making American great again!
Follow all Trumpers to a very Merry Christmas!

https://twitter.com/iambritishreal/status/943985183191072769 …
Merry Christmas to the best thing that has happened to the USA in over 30 years! Love your family, thank you for standing up for America.
Please not while I'm eating.
But in my heart I know we All DT make mistakes. To know and learn from them is priceless. But Happy Holidays. I can dislike you without hate
President Trump and First Lady Melania, we want to wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas, and Happy New Year!  God bless you all!! We are so proud of you, we live in Florida, love Teresa and Bob, cappeteresa@gmail.com
Merry Christmas to the Trump Family!! Thank you for your sacrifice. Thank you for giving us hope!  And thank you for saving us from the long arm of Satan ( Clinton and the Deep State). God bless you and look over you ALWAYS.  Merry Christmas. @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump
LOVE IT
God is with President Trump, he is the Chosen one.
Just like his parents!
Gorgeous couple.
Melania, sem prepričan, veste, da je Donald bo umrl v zaporu ali psihiatrične bolnišnice.  Upam, da ste uspeli dati nekatera sredstva v svoje ime, ker vlada bo trajalo vse ostalo, ko gre.  Vesel božič
BEAUTIFUL! So proud of our President and Melania!!!
Compare the body language with that of the Obamas. That was a family that truly loved each other.
I have not felt this great during Christmas for a very long time. Thank you FLOTUS @POTUS
Merry Christmas to the wonderful first family
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas ; God bless
Que linda foto.
Merry Christmas!
@Todd_W_Haines @POTUS #GAPA GREATEST AMERICAN PRESIDENT ALIVE ,THANK YOU from a GRATEFUL NATION.
Melania? I thought that was Caitlyn Jenner my bad
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=381263512326414&id=100013283056325 …
We Love You. Plz Read About our Event taking place tomorrow in Clearwater Florida
this is an amazing picture i love it can you pleases send me one so i can hang in my family room please potus is my hero and idol and im hoping i get a christmas card from him this year also
HELP!!!
I’d love to take your picture some time. Lost my best camera and lens in my house in Houston.  As an artist, I am certain I could  take a magical picture with my cell phone. 
if you look really close on Melania's dress, the beading says "I'm with stupid"
You're all going to prison 

#TheResistance
Love it!

Love those words #MerryChristmas Right back at our #FLOTUS.  May God Bless all who strive to do good; and suppress all who do evil in their 'god's' name...
.@FLOTUS @POTUS You are the very best President and First Lady ever!  Thank you for fighting for USA! God's richest blessings on you! #MAGA
#Praise the #LORD!!!
It’s funny that trump worships from the golf course. #TrumpIsALiar #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpTaxReturns
Is the implication here that one can only worship in a specific place? Strange, I thought America had Freedom of religion.
Of course you can, but I truly doubt has given much thought to God since he conned the religious right into voting for him.
What I hear you saying is that everyone in America has the right to pray EXCEPT someone who YOU decide should not. uuummmm...no?
So explain your statement. (If possible).
Why waste my time? Trump conned Christians into voting for him. He is not religious. He is a crude, rude bully.
proud of you both!
Beautiful and classy.
Trump's Night Before Christmas
Wow, this is something to see.
That's appropriate,  black for mourning for our country. Could you both be any stiffer? No love there.
Wish you a very Merry Christmas  and hope you can speak up for your fellow Christians https://www.facebook.com/trtworld/videos/2023807377889408/ …
But there is Israel and so why not move with each other with peace and not oppression. I understand there is palestian terrorism to them but they need to be fair with those palestinians who are not trying to do Israel any evil. #JusticeLeague
Anson in order for there to be peace there First needs to be justice.
Agreed but not through violence but through truth.....I never disagreed with you..you do realize that. #justiceLeague #Invasion. I hear you. Go see also #JusticeLeague now playing.
ALL WE WISH YOU TWO ONLY HAPPY))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) BE ALWAYS TOGETHER))))))))))))))))))))))) BE ALWAYS WITH ALL US)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Best of luck, good day, wishing Merry Christmas. Thank you.
#LeaveHim He does not love you, he does not respect you.
Thank you @FLOTUS
Merry Belated Christmas and more appropriate, Happy New Years to you as well Mr. & Mrs. First Lady.  You are a steely beautiful couple with a beautiful family.  Thank you for your Service to our Great Country and all the sacrifices it entails.  

Sincerely,

Trish McKenzie
We stand to honor those who fought and died defending the greatest nation the world has ever known. God bless our vets! 
#MAGA 
So beautiful to see the White House lit up like Christmas again.Trump family once again, brought the season for all to share the warmth.

Breathing, Beautiful!!!! and what a great treat we saw the video of the two of you helping kids track santa!! Love YOUR WHOLE FAMILY!!!!! BEST PRESIDENT EVER!
MERRY 9 CHRISTMAS
Well done #Dotard #trump! For the first time in 2017 you're wearing a tie that isn't dangling around your wrinkled, old bollo**s. #ThisIsProgress!
#MuellerChristmas
Thank you Melania! We love you!!
OMG and thanks  to God this is not a picture of Bill And Hillary , God Bless all of the Wal Mart shoppers ,(FBI reference) and the rest of us in the basket of deplorable’s
Awesome!!!!!!!
Happy christmas

Love you BOTH so much ! Thank you for sacrificing yourselves for us. God bless you and your family Much Love.... And many prayers every day for you #MAGA #MerryChristmas2017  #MerryChristmas
We love you and the President and are so proud of you both. Thank you for this as we were so desperately in need. God Bless and Merry Christmas
The ENTIRE WORLD hasn't witnessed this good of a Christmas since Ron and Nancy!!

Merry Christmas to ALL and to ALL A GOODNIGHT!!

Dear @FLOTUS & @POTUS, Thankyou for All you do for America! You both look wonderful in the Official 2017 Christmas Portrait. I told my grandchildren you both emulate goodness,integrity,professionalism. Merry Christmas & Happy New Year!
'Merry Christmas' to you and your wonderful family!  You are a beautiful couple and are doing such a fantastic job to 'MAGA'.  You were meant to be here at this juncture in America's history. 
MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR 
To our First Lady Melania Trump 
To President Trump and Barron
Merry Christmas President Trump and First Lady and family may God Bless you and watch over with his arms wrapped around you tight. Thank you for all you do for us and yes, I love you too. Love Dana and my son Bobby
Chuc gia dinh phu nhan giang sinh vui ve
Merry Christmas, Mr. President and your loved ones. You need to look into what's going on with Rohinga situation in Myanmar. It is real the next step of ISIS.  i.e. islamization. You are the only one in this world to determine what is the right answer. UN is useless.
HA! Watch Liberals LOVING the GOP Tax Plan When They Think It’s Bernie’s http://truthfeednews.com/ha-watch-liberals-loving-the-gop-tax-plan-when-they-think-its-bernies/ … … via @truthfeednews
....and laugh out loud
What a lovely card. Two people who are not in love. A son Barron missing because he is unimportant and the rest of the family hiding in dark places lying and ripping off America. Happy Holidays from the trumps. Maybe Melania you can get a divorce for Christmas.
Merry Christmas..
The best looking first couple in many years. Merry Christmas
A gorgeous First Lady!!!
Merry Christmas, President and Mrs. Trump. Thanks for saving our country, one fulfilled campaign promise after the other!

Merry Christmas to you Trump family America needed you more than most of them could ever realize.Thank you Mr President Donald J Trump for giving America back to the people. Now drain the swamp and build the Wall. I will meet you in heaven when are time comes I will look y'all up
My wife and I love you both and we're grateful for you. Today is our 20thAnniv., and the best present ever, was waking with a #TrumpWhiteHouse Our prayers are always with @POTUS, @FLOTUS and your children! Lord bless them and protect them #InJesusName. #Amen
Merry Christmas @FLOTUS Melania and President Trump! I wish you the blessings of peace, serenity and love this season and always. We love you. Please enjoy some down time with your family! 
Adolph and his 3rd trophy-wife. How sweet. 
perfect couple
Blink 6 times in a row if you need to signal for help, Melania. We know it’s gotta be a complete emotional mine field living there with that creep.
Melania how could you?
Doesn't matter who takes your picture, you two TRAITORS will NEVER be as beautiful as THIS REAL First Couple. #HappyHolidays
WOW!!!
BITCH YOU AINT SHIT!!! GO FUCKEN READ A BOOK
Merry Christmas
no barron in “family” photo? why? now this is a family holiday photograph:
you trumps fuck everything up. HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Oh my god are your arms bare? How immoral and outrageous!
Merry Christmas to you both and know there are lots of Americans who appreciate all you do! Thank you.
Merry Christmas to the first family!
Trumpanus...you got new teeth!!!! 
We don’t give a crap...
I’m almost 71 yrs old and I want to wish a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year the the greatest President of my time. Also to the Vice President and both families. May God Bless you and keep you safe.

Merry Christmas President Trump and First Lady. Thank you for your service to your country.
Keep an eye on Grandpa will you.
He looks like he wandered off five hours ago and they just found him with a flashlight 
Merry Christmas to the First Family from an American patriot housewife, retired nurse, mother, and grandmother. I so appreciate you and pray for you. Please Melania, reach out to Ayan Hirsi Ali to stop female mutilation and child marriage.It happens right here in your country.
Very  Beautiful photo. May you have a Very Merry Christmas.thank you for all you do. God Bless You and you family.
Dotard and flotard..
What a mess you two have made of our country!
Look, she didn't swat @POTUS tiny orange hand away this time!
Awe look she has clothes on!
Merry Christmass. The Spirit of America resides within you. She is called "Columbia" The balance you provide cannot be underestimated. Godspeed to the 1st Family.
Merry Christmas @FLOTUS and @POTUS !  You have made my year!  The company I have worked for over 30 years was in jeopardy and now we are rolling again!  #MAGA
#StayClassy
That picture is so ugly!!!  Is that why Barron is not in it!!!
at least she kept her clothes on.  SAD...
