Those heroes deserve better than your husband as Prez
Speak for yourself. Do you or have you served? If not, move along and don't speak for us Soldiers; we can speak for ourselves for the love of our country and the respect for our Commander in Chief @realDonaldTrump .
So a person has to have served in order to speak for honor of the soldiers? I don't think American citizens want to "move along"!
Don't speak for me that I would be better off without our Commander in Chief. If you don't understand the organizational foundation of our military force and its readiness, you have no clue what is good or bad for us who serve.
I'm a veteran and I think we deserve better than trump. I feel betrayed by the country I served and all those who elected this monster.
President Trump is an outstanding President and actively working for all Anericans that care to ask.  This is a huge difference from the last President who failed us so much and so often.
What do you believe Trump has done for the country as a whole, rather than serving his own interests? He feeds his disorder, positions his oligarchy to grant him the dictatorship he desires, and undermines the fabric of our republic. The only voice he hears are those that follow.
Illegal immigration is down 67% since Inauguration.

NATO Allied spending is up $10 Billion because of Trump.

nominated Constitutionalist Judge Neil Gorsuch as Supreme Court Justice.

signed 66 executive orders, memoranda and proclamations as of April 19th.
Yeah sure. We're all going to forget you tweeted the wrong date.
And we won't forgot the hatred from people like you that can't forgive a typo. Petty...grow up
A" typo" like this from the first lady is unacceptable. It means she's ignorant stupid or careless. We deserve better.
Riiight, BUT selling our uranium stores to personally enrich your bank acct by millions is OK> deleting classified docs>Ok ignoring requests for HELP by Amb Stevens (ovr 462 requests for added security) >Ok ..just don't do a TYPO!
This story has been debunked a million times now.
Thanks! Please send me the facts then--educate me--show where that has been DEBUNKED. I'll wait. I think I'll B waiting until HELL freezes over--I DO this for a living, I know the facts. It's MY job. So PLEASE prove ME wrong!!
0
Here is Shep Smith on Fox news explaining exactly why the uranium one story is not accurate.
Shep Smith rips apart the debunked Uranium One conspiracy theory losers like @SeanHannity have been hyperventilating about

…
and just a FYI I am in CA close to a wildfire (a few blocks away). So any good thoughts prayers are appreciated but I am off twitter for now, may be evacuated.
Nice try
I can't believe I'm defending but have you never hit the wrong button when tweeting? It's been deleted and corrected.

Anyway on 11th july 1941 The Northern Rhodesian Labour Party holds its first congress in Nkana. And obviously we all commemorate that ;)
11/7/41 is November 7, 1941 in America, btw.
What happened to 11/7/1941?  That was a bigly day!  I miss the old tweet!

November 7th, Flo? Lucky for you you were bought and paid for, otherwise you never would have passed that ‘US history exam’ for your citizenship. @flotus
Wow, a homophobic retort, making mama proud?
Getting unhinged on twitter & being a bigger bully  not a good look Paula
Oh then a block  good move Paula if your mama needed to help you!


Melania must have got the name wrong in her original 11/7 tweet. She must have meant that was the Bowling Green Massacre Remembrance Day...
No one honors our heroes better than the Trump presidency. God bless our heroes. May they always be remembered!
Nice hips mmmmmm........lmfao....not
And then hubby will bash them like the Kahn family
Thank you Mr.Trump some of my family members where in Pearl Harbor.
THANK YOU..for honoring Pearl Harbor Heroes.
You’re as dumb as you look.
Thanks Mrs Trump!Our Harbor is representative of a time when America was great!Our Guys stood together;gave their lives for us!We honor Them
This ass
TRUMP IS BEST!!!
Thank you for honoring our fallen men and women. We love you and appreciate you. Your light shines on the darkness!!! @POTUS @FLOTUS #MAGA. 
Genius at work
And???  Someone typed an error then corrected it. Because you’re perfect and never done that before   Stupid people. 
y arent u saluting melania is it because u thought it was the wrong day
Civilians don't salute. The Pres. Is commander in chief of all military branches,even though not a commissioned officer.
Trump and Melania are the best of the world!

That is awesome

Thank you we were saved from speaking Japneese or German due to their service
Psalm 20:4
May He grant you according to your heart’s desire, And fulfill all your purpose.
#Jesus is our #Savior   #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and pray and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin and heal their land.
But this thou hast, that thou HATEST the deeds of the Nic-o-la-i-tans, which I also hate. Revelations 2:6
Sorry mate, can you run that by me again?
Pearl Harbor Heroes - Never Forgotten 

Its good for a respect.

I see you got the date correct this time.
Let me tell ya there will never be another first lady like Melania Trump!

You have hate in your heart bro'

Liberals would rather be petty than observe the thought behind the comment
Yup just not your shitty husband and his convenient bone spurs
God bless President Trump God Bless Melania, you are loved. God loves you our prayers go forth always for you both.

Dept of State trolling is the best trolling
I am so glad that your family is in the White House! Praying for you daily
You are a good woman.  I believe you really mean what you say.
I see you fixed the date...you’re as stupid as the rest of them.
You can blame the first #tweet with the incorrect #PearlHarbor date on your lawyer. #MelaniaTrump
Thank you for your love and respect of us Soldiers @FLOTUS . We serve for the love of this country and for its citizens. God bless you and our Commander in Chief @realDonaldTrump ! #MAGA
Awesome, she finally got the date right. XD
Awesome you actually knew what the correct date was.
First of all, he has no honor to give. Second, thanks for getting the date right
God bless you
BYE YALL IM FASTING AND ALL BYE
SAD when those given the honor to represent our country, it's history and tragedies can't even get a date right. #FakeFirstLady
Take a world history lesson in your spare time. You might learn something about when Pearl Harbor actually was
I have not seen a President and First Lady so respectful to the military in a very long time. My husband is proud to be a veteran again.

Say it now’November =11. December =12.
Thank you First Lady
Shake it off, ma'am. Ain't your fault.
No it’s not thank you for understanding that mistake happen wish people would get over it
*mistakes...just sayin'
Yes I know
oday we honor Pearl Harbor Heroes. 12/7/1941
Thank you to all military for your courage and sacrifice!
Second time is the charm?

@FLOTUS
http://canadafreepress.com/article/veterans-accuse-the-va-of-stolen-valor …
Veterans accuse the VA of Stolen Valor - Canada Free Press
By dodging the draft six times?
Are you hinting you served?
What does that have to do with him dodging the draft 6 times?
For the record I did.
Nice you corrected it
Potus missed serving...5 times...bad http://foot.You  should be First Lady,but Ivanka acts like it.
#PearlHarborDay #MAGA
Dear first lady and mr. President someone or something keeps undoing all of my retweets and tweets of yours and my likes something or someone is going great distances to undo your retweets and likes and mine too I feel you should know this
What will you do when trump's IMPEACHED?
Enjoy life
Our Hero 



@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump Yes,We Honor Them
is that why your husband is making Americans in the middle East sacrifice?
We have an all volunteer force. You may have missed that and the fact ISIS wants to kill all infidels like you and me. So why not appreciate the fact that Mr. Trump has accomplished more in the last year toward their defeat than O did in 8 yrs!
You are the BEST first lady. Thank you so much.
Thanks for correcting your typo.
Glad you fixed the date
1st tweet must have been your lawyer tweeting for you or it's obvious you've never had to have a job where you needed to know dates and history kind of stuff. Much like Trump supporters have proven they don't need any of that history or book learnin stuff.
As Trump himself says, "Thag you faw ya thuvipththp. May-guh amay-icah greathpt agaithphthpppt!"
You forgot to delete the old tweet. Whoops.
Now you got it right.
I like this one better
please HONOR our service men - do not let them protect ISIS terrorists!
U R just as dense & uneducated as ur hasbun is. We know ur 1st tweet had the wrong date. That shows how little U care.
Oh, you and the draft dodger?
Good thing the date was corrected.
how are donalds  bone spurs?

The USS Arizona Memorial is a beautiful, solemn place.  There's a feeling unlike any other at this somber site, where those who lost their lives are forever interred below.  Honored to have met a few survivors.  We are forever indebted to those who gave all that fateful day.  …
Dodged, as he has done everything that recreates any body action on his part is a no, no running jumping none of that, to tender

HYPOCRITICAL PIECE OF SH^T!

Harming muslim world feelings will make trump pay high price for what he decided about Batul-Muqadas
Semper Fi and thank you.
your tweets are largely positive while your husband uses it to bully and intimidate political foes and institutions of democracy,so can you please reason with your husband and rub off some of your positivity on him
Thank you Melania stay strong
Hey 1st mail order lady and 3rd wife. Your Hubby is a coward that has his daddy pay to keep him out of serving our country. Trump with 6 deferments he has never served our country Never
My father is 95 & entered the Army in February 1942 and left Germany in 1946. His brother won a Silver and Bronze Star for his service. My 1/2 brother's father was killed as a pilot over Burma in 1945. So what did @realDonaldTrump #trump ever do other than get deferments? #Bannon
Glad you fixed the date, genius!
Dropping Atomic Bombs on Japan was worst type of terrorism
Spoken like someone born yesterday! You are a real Monday morning QB! You weren’t there, my Dad was. He had survived the European theater and was on his way to the Pacific when the bombs ENDED the war.

God Bless
You are not just the First Lady. You are the first ILLEGAL ALIEN ever to become First Lady.  Enjoy while it lasts!
Awe how sweet...With you’re narcissistic bigoted womanizer draft dodger husband
God  Bless America! To all our military a big Thank you?
You are IGNORANT of American History. Crawl back under that rock.
You sure? 12 or 11?
I thought it was in November
Good job getting the date right this time!
It sure was a sacrifice - that the President then was willing to make, well aware that they were coming. 
Nope you just don't fit.....UR not one of us....
God Bless America
Yayyyyy, someone with a changed the date from November to December  NOW it's correct, Mrs. Einstein 
Thank you Melania! So nice that our President and First Lady honors our Military. Missed it for 8 years!

I served in the Vietnam war, but not to defend trumpism; ie, racism, white supremacy, pseudolagia fantastica, misogyny, pedophelia, xenophobia, homophobia, etc.
No good news 4 #FakePresident:  NO pause 4MUELLER! -THURSDAY IS HIS BEST DAY OF THE WEEK!
 #FakePresident: „Now it all starts to make sense!“
  #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER 
   http://trumpmusicvideo.com   
  https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Thx 4 showing what sort of "arguments" #FakePresident uses. REALproblems require circumspect reactions,but 
 NOT criminal BENEFICIARIES of the crisis.
 
 BTW: feel free 2 watch and TRY to understand (according to your lights) the HYMN OF RESISTANCE
You are very beautiful
It’s about remembering the sacrifices AMERICAN Military members suffer for OUR freedom. Those lives give you the right to run your ignorant, intolerant propaganda and hate! I stand with My commander and Chief on this day.
Oh you finally figured out the correct date?
Mister T is right, just stop and think about the corruption that we would be having if Hillary won. This is draining !
En la isleta larga y triste del Caribe, siempre enseñaban en las escuelas sobre Hiroshima pero nunca nos hablaron de Pearl Habor.
Por eso los latinos sólo conocen el odio que derramaron los asesines Castro por todo el mundo y eso es lo que conocen Pear Harbor murieron más de 2 mil soldados
Fue un crimen de guerra, alevoso, sin aviso previo ni declaración de guerra.
Come on Me-lone-e-ah, you didn’t write this. Really, you knew December 7th? Go back to bed!
They so much under a coward act.
Nothing about u says america. Go away
I'm tired of watching Trump fuck America. When he insults the intelligence community (FBI etc.) he should think of the Grassy Knoll.  He cultivates hate like its his personal garden.  I fear for my country. Now, Trump &  his cohorts via tax “reform” are gouging the USA to death.
Too bad you have no courage to fight for other women and sacrifice the money you get for morals

Thank you...
Just shut up 

Former Fox News anchor says Trump once tried to kiss her http://thr.cm/7p7z71  

We love you !  Thank you for representing us with such class and grace !
Oh you fixed it!!
Your hair is so pretty but his!
Melania, with all due respect, stick to your agenda. Go walk over to your husbands room and take his phone.
Really?
Wow you finally got the date right ! Thanks so much for caring

Your dad hit on my stepmom and tried to get her to go to his hotel room with him at a beauty pageant. In Baltimore. After he was married to Melania. 

Also, he's a serial sexual predator.
We sincerely apologize for @FLOTUS getting the date wrong. This is what happens when you lie about having a college degree.
Oh good, you fixed your post. Because you were off by a month earlier. Glad to know someone fixed that for you.
Is today 1941?
Complicit.
Only a month off the first time. Did Donny twat this for you?
Nice try.
Of ALL dates to get wrong.
How can you be so dignified and, yet, be married to one who is the antithesis of dignified? Thank you for the grace and respectability you bring to our White House. I wish your husband would learn from your example.
Please. Mr. Bone Spur @realDonaldTrump standing there is a disgrace to the real heroes who didn’t lie to get a deferment.
Twit Twit Twit SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG SLAG
I know you are a foreigner and don’t speak English very well, but do try to get the dates right before you post.
As I head for Mass, those who lost their lives defending freedom on that Sunday will be in my prayers as will be President Trump, you and family. God bless.
Can't even tweet facts and have to delete things...explain how you would pass Donalds immigration standard
@Potus and family - you have no right to stand anywhere near a VET.
Is Donnie still gobbling the diet pills Mel?  Wink wink.
Great photo.
Why does your husband want to endanger their lives in a fight with North Korea?
My 8 year old knows how to proofread.
Jerusalem is a red line 
EMBARRASING PIECE OF SH^T!
♡
You screwed it up and reposted. Can the Trumps get anything right?
Thank you for your Sacrifice, God Bless You All!!!
Maybe more respectful DRESS.. fashionlady you are a good example for the wifes of middle class and workers!you show them everyday what they will NEVER HAVE
So Melania couldn't be bothered to salute, huh? 
Figures.
And God bless all who suffer from bone spurs.
