Join @alisonvictoria3 inside #WhiteHouseChristmas 2017 Today 6pm|5c #OnHGTV 
Absolutely beautiful!!
Sorry, you got caught lying with your speech at the RNC so just like your tubby hubby, you can never be believed again, unless you ask forgiveness.
Why? Where are you going to spend the holidays?????
Thank you first lady @FLOTUS you are doing great work in USA
Beautiful!
Thank you 
MOTHER ABUSE
You made Christmas magic again FLOTUS. The White House is Christmas enchantment. Love watching the process. I want to volunteer next year!!! Merry Christmas 







How about doing the same for the families in Puerto Rico.
Maybe they should get off  their asses and put their island back together. Or are they just stealing all the money and supplies we have sent?
WE haven't sent them shit. Also, haven't sent the 4 billion in aid. When did you last visit the island?
Would you trust that goverment with 4 billion??
They need help. Just like TX & FL.
Wow it's an Awesome Celebration! Great 
You're barely there.
America Loves you Melania!!!! :)
Oh yeah, we love that guy TRUMP also.  #KeepAmericaGreat
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
.@realDonaldTrump @Flotus

Merry Christmas Melania Trump

#TrumpTrain2020
#POWEREDbyGOD
#LeadByDonaldTrump
#ProtectedByGenFlynn

#FamilyStrong
#WeAreALLinThisTogether
#TrumpCantDoItAlone
#DoWhatYouCan
#ThisTrainIsGonnaBeHUGE
A bam-bam blaow in a snap
thats a wrap

I sparkle like a star
on top of the tree

I pat myself on the back baby
It's all because of me

Come to mama baby
I got superpowers
Ill reduce a million worries
right down to zero

#MerryChristmas
Such a winter wonderland! Beautiful job. 
I don't like it, especially all the dead Twigs going down the hallway what a joke.
Beautiful!
Thank you for sharing and caring.
MERRY CHRISTMAS
that'$ a LIE... you'$ are the darkest ugly and mo$t visually cluttered me$ of ALL time... I feel sorry from all the poor volunteer$ that had to work with you? was one of the volunteer$ mr$ roy moore? the to of you mu$t have had a lot in common to talk about... $exual perversion!?
Very nice!!
I'm sorry, @FLOTUS; I know this isn't the life you, or your intern handling this handle, wanted.
You don’t know diddly squat about what she wants. I trust the words she has spoken not the BS others have said.
Hmm I think you can tell when someone looks pretty unhappy in most of the pics you see of her. I'm just empathizing, anyway. She's free to correct me.
Yeah like she’ll call you up. Like I said, you aren’t looking at the pictures I see of her online almost daily. Rarely see her without a smile. You’re not emphasizing, you’re just being a jerk.
Where are they located? On the National Enquirer website?
No, they are located on CNN AKA Clinton National News
Post up then.
Dlomane, you're an idiot
لا فتى الا علي ولا سيف الا ذو الفقار
Mmmmmm......
So Melania,  it's time for you to grow a spine and stand up to #TrumpSexPredator 
#DonnyDoLittle and his #AbuseOfPower is disgusting and it needs stopped now. #MeToo 
#HerToo
Why the hellos this trash clogging up my newsfeed?
We thought the decorations were the MOST FABULOUS ones we ever saw! Beautiful and very inspirational. What a perfect Christian role model you Are!
Christian role model? Are you kidding? Joke right?
Stunning! Like You! MERRY CHRISTMAS! 
IT’S TRULY CHRISTMAS JOY Thank you our beloved First Lady Melania 
Your husband is still a giant embarrassment! You are complicit in ruining this country!
Doug Jones won convictions against the Ku Klux Klan church bombers who killed four black girls during the civil rights movement http://n.pr/2C7jSt8  
Donald Trump only supports child molesters, KKK, White supremacist & Nazis.
#TrailerTrashPresidency #SkankyFlotus #LowRentDonald
Looks incredible.
How in God's name do you sleep with Trump. I guess as mail order bride you have to put out. I want to throw up thinking about it.
Is being rich worth having to see Donald naked. I doubt it.
The White House was so beautiful!! We are so proud to have you as our First Lady!! 

Thank you for bringing back the Christ in Christmas! 

If you’r a guy, what have you got against a beautiful woman???

And if you’r a woman, what have you got against another woman who happens to be a gorgeous ex-model???
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @hgtv @alisonvictoria3 what your old bum do if a nice looking young blonde man filled you all over

Stop wasting money on decorations
Absolutely Beautiful Decorations In The Peoples House, Thank You Melanie & All the volunteers 
Um, get out of our Country, NOW!
Flint still no water. Sadder

It was absolutely beautiful! 
Lovely First Lady
Trump! GREATEST @potus EVER that brought back x-mas and didnt care what anyone thought about it! True American with true US values! #MAGA
Thanks from me too volunteers.
Oh wow. That is really pretty!
How's a lady like you end up with Donald Trump?
Money and silence
Exactly 
A special thank you to https://goo.gl/aPCoK7all  the amazing volunteers who made this year's
Too pretty to take down! I'd leave it up as long as possible after all that work! Beautiful!
Thanks to you to bring back class, elegance and integrity to the WH. Proud of you, keep the faith it will get better everyday.  God bless you.
You kidding me ....she was sleeping with him while he was married to Marla maples.  WHAT CLASS 
Fake.  He had another girlfriend after Marla and before Melania



Since he going on about Hannah I know a simple magic trick.
HOLLICE HALIG SPIRITUS FIRMAMAMENTUM EN RQ UNIRE ME IN THE TEMPLUM EN THU GYMND EN THU HEORTE EN THE BRAETH EN THU BRAED ENTHU SAWGOL AETERNUNUS AMEN.

Beautiful White House Christmas! What an honor for those who were able to help make it happen! Thank you, Mrs. Trump! @hgtv #HGTV #MAGA

Stormy on tv
How about Stormy Daniels?
h
Just like the tree-lighting was a "success"?

More than 65% of Americans think you guys suck...
Another post about decorating. This must be Melania's initiative!
AMERICA believes it is so refreshing to finally have class back in the White House.  Keep up the good work @FLOTUS
Class u say.....where they teach this type of class @?
Breathtakingly  beautiful. Thank you for returning grace, charm & undeniable grandeur to our country.
Is this the grace, charm & grandeur you're speaking of?
She has my vote any day!

Thank you for being such a gracious and humbled MAGA
Merry Christmas
One more thing , miss former Communist party member  Melania Knavs , poisoning Heads of state  & dissidents has always been the calling card of your Russians , not Americans .
@TheEconomist'in iddia ettiği Mesih isem de, kendi iddiam gibi Mehdi isem de ölümlü bir faniyim! @IvankaTrump nın ZORLA mezar taşıma oturtulduğunu düşünsene @FLOTUS! https://twitter.com/M_Hz_As/status/940229036470685696 …
@netanyahu DERHAL dünya kamuoyuna bir açıklama yapmalı. /M

Gillibrand: "It was a sexist smear attempting to silence my voice, and I will not be silenced on this issue; neither will the women who stood up to the president yesterday." 
They did an awesome job! It's simply beautiful! Merry Christmas 
I hope you are not supporting sexually predictors including your husband. Protect yourself too.
Beautiful, and the Special showing all of the workers & volunteers that helped make it happen was great!

Hope they were all millionaires who can afford to donate their time, especially now that they're all getting tax cuts, which contributes to inability for WH to PAY people to decorate. Viscious cycle.
The Obama White House at Christmas was so much better. Just sayin'.
Just get out and run as fast as you can....
Tell your bully husband to delete his tweet
Three women reassert allegations of sexual harassment against President Trump http://wapo.st/2nQXTnw?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.865ff9c51046 …

you probab don't care as long as you can afford a new outfit. you can cover shit with chocolate but will still smell and taste like shit.

Thank you Melanin for the most beautiful White House this Christmas I have ever seen in a lifetime!

You're doing wonderful Mr. President. We support you and your families! Thank you ALL for making such a huge sacrifice for our countries.  @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS #MAGA…
The women are all practically identical. Same plastic surgeon?

How can you spend a moment with that pig? Is the money worth it?
Its beautiful and 
powerful movie!
very enage tic!
They are hediuos,  you need design help from Michelle  Obama
How’s that cyber bullying campaign going? How about you just be responsible for teaching your husband about it and let informed people teach everyone else about it. #pitiful #youshouldbeashamed
Thank you for a beautiful job!!! I would love to see it especially at Christmas time!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS Mrs Trump ( Our First Lady)...absolutely GREAT job!!!
Beautiful!!
How's that anti--bullying campaign coming along???
Can you start to get really involved here? Get him to a shrink!! We know how nice you really are.
Wow!  So beautiful! 

My Spiritual Girl Melania Trump First Lady Of The United States ??? So you - HOLY - SPIRIT! Bless you Days After Nights Without Break AMEN !!! Hallelujah !!!
Absolutely BEAUTIFUL, like you :)
Oh so you’re blaming others for that mess, it’s a common theme
The White House decorations are beautiful.  Best yet!
@POTUS https://twitter.com/swear_trek/status/863046282172125184 …
Love conquers all
You could be the hero if you would stand up and tell the world what a disaster he truly is behind closed doors.  After all, you were home pregnant when he was beating his chest and grabbing 'em by the pussy.
Nice Christmas makeover 
#RoyMooreChildMolester
Does America still hang people for TREASON?
Such incompetence.
Trump family tried to vote absentee in the NYC mayoral election:

MELANIA: Didn't follow directions to sign envelope so her vote didn't…
Married Christmas 


Well done Melania!
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1679427865443338&set=a.104544416265032.2201.100001284210816&type=3&theater …
Melania you did a beautiful job decorating your new home and you have been a wonderful FLOTUS so please don't let those nasty people bother you, I know it must be difficult but you're husband is saving America
You thanked them and repeatedly do it.
  It defines your heart  & soul 
We Love YOU @FLOTUS
Nice the trees are decorated and all. Guess you’ve been too busy putting up wreaths to notice the cyber bullying your dear hubby is doing. Tell me, Melania, cyber bulling is your “cause”, right? Do something, say something. Don’t be the fraud he is.
It's a bit odd that your official statement includes a video – which opens with an advertisement.
Obamas white house was much prettier
The White House is so beautiful!
Oh, you mean that Winter Frozen looking hellscape?
It is so beautiful-they did a great job! You have excellent taste FLOTUS!!! 
Yeah, if you're Jack Skellington
Trump is a liar!
Thank you for restoring the Christmas spirit back to the Whitehouse.


It is beautiful.
Remember u r just as complicit... no matter how much u hide behind ur thousand dollar shades smh
I have no health ins. Let’s go to Mars.
Merry Christmas, Ms Melania and Volunteers
Elegant.
Thank you malania for bringing your kindness, grace, beauty, and Christmas to the White House.
If you are innocent you have nothing to worry about unless you have the shit mother load waiting to be caught.
Thanks First Lady Melania for sharing that with all of us Merry Christmas
It’s so beautiful!  A lot of hard work!  Thanks to all!!
Beautiful!!  A Christmas Wonderland!
@hgtv @alisonvictoria3 Thank you First Lady for bringing back our Christmas tradition.  It is absolutely beautiful!!!!

Obama was better than Trump
Vilastin
Beautiful!  

I'd like to know how do you look at YOURSELF and know exactly what kind of asshole your husband is



Will the special air again?
Your vision for The White House Christmas decorations is gorgeous! Thankful to have you as our @FLOTUS. Merry Christmas 
Ma Fille Spirituel  Melania Trump Première Dame Des États - Unis??? Le SAINT - ESPRIT! Les Bénisse Tous AMEN!!!
God bless you!
Winter is coming
Methinks somebody does the Tweeting on behalf of TLOTUS...that would be Third Lady after Ivana and Marla.
DEAR FIRST LADY MELANIA: You have returned the White House to the glory days, with even more high class than the olden days.  Thank you for all you do for us and POTUS.  We love you together.  You should have a special about you three. Not too personal/information. Will share!
success?
Ma Fille Spirituel Melania Trump Première Dame Des États - Unis ??? Aussi Toi Que - SAINT - ESPRIT! Te Bénisse Jours Après Nuits Sans Relâche AMEN !!! Alléluia !!!
Go to hell u and Donal trump
So elegant, so delicate. Thank you !!!!

Merry Christmas
Trumps aren't even fit to clean shit.
A president who'd all but call a senator a whore is unfit to clean toilets in Obama's presidential library or shine George W. Bush's shoes: #Ourview https://usat.ly/2yiYBJS 
I just love it
I could watch that over and over it’s like a living Christmas card from the White House 
My favorite is seeing the work that went into it 
Thank you @FLOTUS for letting America appreciate their hard work
It’s stunning
Tell them “Thanks so Much”!
& “Merry Christmas”
saw that on hgtv very nice
Those of us who live in DC wish you would stop trashing up the @WhiteHouse when in fact you end up trashing it up with you Trump lack of style.
