Merry Christmas!
She was a model, why do you hate her so much? Because she's beautiful and made millions on her own, because she's smart and speaks 5 languages. She has a good heart and loves her Son and has compassion for all children. Stop the hate
They hate beautiful people... if u doubt that, look at #fauxcohontas, HRC, Pelosi, chelsea Handler,Mrs Obama.  The uglier and more obnoxious you are, the more popular.  #LiberalLogic
That's why almost all the beautiful people of Hollywood are.....liberal. 

Swing and a miss there, cupcake. 

Btw.. You're ugly enough to make a freight train take a dirt road....and i don't like you. 

Just sayin.
Ya...we're the sick ones. Ok. Yup 
Lol. Angry repubs are the best!!!
Thoughts and prayers don’t work, I’ve been thinking and praying your husband would resign for almost a yr.
They never work when you are praying against the will of God!  Praying for the most liberal state in the US because they are all Americans and God does answer those prayers
Great cop out , always “God’s will”
LOL no just the truth!  I know because that’s how millions of us prayed and God answered!  Still praying...  My God is the one true and living God and He reigns!
Lol  who knew god was into politics.  I guess all the children dying of cancer just need to get into politics
Sorry won’t go there with you....  He is still God no matter what....  and He loves you!  Sent His only son Jesus for you....  and His plan is a good plan for any who accept it...  your choice
Yep, I’ve been down that road, not a believer anymore
Sorry to hear that but it change the truth that Jesus died and rose again for you...God reigns and we all need a savior.  Now I will add you to my prayers as I am sure others will when they read your response.
Finally, a First Lady with class!  I’m thankful for you and @realDonaldTrump every day!  #MAGA
Class, . Look up her shady past! Nude photos! Please, give me a break
And what is in your closet? She is human. Wereallsinners and fall short of Gods glory. May God have mercy on your soul of judgement & hate.
Umm, have you listened to at least 1 of trumps public speeches?
I have & he’s great, one day you’ll see it and stop your hate http://mobile.wnd.com/2017/06/trump-victory-called-fulfillment-of-prophecy/ … this is true and I don’t care what anyone thinks
You shouldn't care what people think! Think for yourself.  If you support a man, that gets off on being w children, that's on you
I'll wave to you, when I'm on the escalator UP, to heaven! Don't bother packing a sweater, where you're going. 
You are delirious Jean, it’s a personal relationship w Christ, with your hatred for people hope you do have Gods mercy to make it.  Eph 2:8
Those fires were nothing in comparison with the disaster in the White House!
Please teach @POTUS to tweet like this


Oh, you mean thoughts and prayers for white only folks who are affected by the wildfires in California?

Yes prayers to all affected  by the fires...
It just occurred to me that you here and particularly your husband frequently invoking God & prayer in his speeches. My question to you both: where do you worship each Sunday?
Can she tweet herself 
Grow up @WwLadybird
Guna have to take a raincheck on that offer.
Yes I understand because it does take alot to fuck yourself. 
Thoughts and prayers to those affected by the spiteful, capricious actions of your husband.

Ive just intercepted an email Melania.
Putin will run for another term in Russia !
you do not pray... the only time you are on your knees is when you.... you know when
Melanie really? You live with that man? You support that? He’s a creep. What does that make you?
Make America great again @POTUS and first lady @FLOTUS 
Thoughts & prayers to those affected by the wildfires in California. Thank you to all first responders for theirhttps://goo.gl/aPCoK7 heroic efforts.
Shame on u PORN madame
Punishment for electing liberals.
Hi Melanie do you know who lives in these fire areas, those are the Country homes of the Hollywood elite, who is trying to control, or get even with them, think the S monster, Seraphim Lord Satan
Preety great first lady @FLOTUS looking Great in the outfit 
There is a fire  in your house.  Your hubby doesn't respect you or women in general.  Its not safe to raise your son around such a demented dad.
Flint water
Whats causing these fires ,whats starting them...~ is the question...?/
I live in CA and an illegal started the NoCal fire that killed at least 40 people and destroyed over 250 homes. Crickets...
Caught on video,multiple sources Blue laser light from space filmed starting these...last fires in Northern Cal,whole town wiped out from them.../
I live here...he admitted it and was arrested for this. I haven't heard a word since. He won't be held accountable I'm sure.
I ja gorim
Prayers to all.

Proverbs 16:3
Commit your works to the Lord, And your thoughts will be established.
#GOD protect our #Nation #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and pray and seek My face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin and heal their land.
Too bad we don't have first responders that can control the unnatural disaster that is your sugar daddy husband... you gold digging tramp.
Yes, thanks to the brave fire fighters. You can be brave to by convincing you spouse to resign from office.
Thoughts & prayers...
Didn't Michelle sayn those same words? Go buy some new high heels and go away.
Do you like insulting women hater I would try to say something back that is funny or witty but I just looked at your picture right now I'm washing my eyes out with battery acid
We in CA are in desparate need of resources for our homeless population of disabled elderly pver 70 who have no home & not enough to live on
Abolish the tax credits & tax exempt religious 501(c) 3 who get rich quick of the sufferings of poor homelesa needy The church is hoarding $
We in CA have sociopath ex convicts $$$ millionaire drug dealers NA AA preying on helpless disabled elderly& children while stalking them
Ms. Melania, you are so gracious to those who would see you and the President fail. You, I believe love unconditionally. You are an inspiration to the youth; & to all of us in this great nation.

Thank you for your kind heart and always caring. America loves you and appreciates you!!! . #MAGA
Thank you to the trump family for making America great again
Yes thank GOD you can the statement written for you.
Your husband in fire..he needs http://help.lol 
Donald I am a staunch supporter and single mom .. today I tried to sign up for health care and I have Been given only two choices !!! 1 3500 deductible for 1400 per month OR 625 per month with a 2500 deductible ever 4 months that’s 10,000 per year ... WTF how am I suppose to live
Melania- thank you for your prayers. I appreciate your measured and dignified use of social media.
Oh, thank you!!! Your thoughts and prayers are helping tremendously! The fires are being magically contained by your amazingly powerful thoughts and prayers...smfh.
PowerPrayers 
Thoughts and prayers worked and solved the problem.  No more wildfires.   Are we taxed for "thoughts and prayers?"   Here goes...Thoughts and prayers against N Korea......Did it work?
Ah yes, thoughts and prayers. I guess that’s a big step for you to be thinking of others, considering you married a bloated, misogynist billionaire so you could live in his solid gold penthouse.
Felicitaciones por los buenos deseos
You're doing an excellent job as First Lady.
Keep up the great work.
I appreciate your hard work, class and willingness to jump in and serve #Americans...

#MAGA #FLOTUS #ThomasFire #CreekFire #CaliforniaWildfires #California
Wow.
#CNN & #MSNBC have you trained REALLY WELL. That Pavlovian response of yours speaks volumes of your inability to grasp reality...to think critically on your own. Good luck to you, man.
Maybe the subpoenaed bank records will show how much #DentureDonald paid for her.
Thank you, First Lady Melania, we love you and for what you do #MAGA
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin


TY, @FLOTUS. I've lived in CA since 1959, when my family moved us from NY state. I was 12. I've observed MANY wildfires here. In fact, despite what LIBS say? I remember them, LONG b/f I EVER heard of "global warming."Pls tell @POTUS. TY.
Agreed. Wildfires, hurricanes, tsunami's and other ravages of nature are not cased by 'global warming'. These things have been taking place since time began. Liberals choose to instill panic because a fearful people are very easily led.
Do you even know where California is?
Trump's 2018 budget cuts to fighting wildfires could be deadly
Wildfires Rampant, but Trump Proposes Drastic Cuts to Resources | Observer
Senator Cantwell rips wildfire fighting budget from Trump Administration | KIRO-TV
So many thoughts and prayers, so much damage being done.
Right? I am so sick of hearing about thoughts and prayers being sent, instead of seeing action being done after a gun massacre and after another natural disaster which was caused by climate change.

Oh and of course Hillary would say "What difference at is point does it make? But trolling @FLOTUS is okay because only women who agree with you are worthy of respect.
Amen dear First Lady. Thank you for being so wonderful

#MAGA

LMAO,  You think using a Photoshop image of Michelle against a real photo of Melania proves anything?  Not sure what you were trying to prove but you missed the mark.  
It proves this...
Snooze.  You Trumpsters have a real hard-on about Hillary.  She lost; it's time to move on.  It's almost like you need to belittle her to try to legitimize Trump.  It's as if maybe you think he didn't win legitimately.  
...says a sufferer of Trump Derangement Syndrome... LOL! and I have the issue and need to move on...riiight!
You brought her into a discussion that had nothing to do with her so it appears that you do have a problem.  Like the below gif says "Let it go, Let it go".    
Yeah, those thoughts and prayers can build that new home in a minute. Thanks for the vapid response.

Melania you did not ask for this but now here you are. I am sorry that you are forced to be in this position. I wish the best for you n
We’re good, thanks.
PRAYERS DON'T PUT OUT FIRES YOU DUMBASS PEOPLE DO NOT RESPECT YOU YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THIS COUNTRY
Praiyng
And thank you Melania Trump for you dedicated service to our country!  my prayers are for you daily!!!!
No way you strung these words together. Which lawyer writes your tweets?
Please help with school lunches, they are horrible and our kids go hungry threw out the day.
Thank you. It's been painful. We are banning together as neighbors to help one another recover and to save lives and property.
I’m so proud of my beautiful hearted Flotus!
Huh
Thoughts and Prayers?  Again with that. They need money and your POS husband turns a deaf ear. Are you praying for Puerto Rico too. We know you hate that orange lizard. Hope it’s worth it to sell your soul.
You're so sweet
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin
#FreeKudus
#FreePalestin
Is that all you have? Tell ur pimp to do something!
هذا ما جناه زوجك
You. Not we.

What the hell is this carp. Your one sick person.
@rickcatino @realDonaldTrump You might want to say a prayer for the poor souls in PR and the US Virgin Islands who still don’t have power or potable water. Might also want to remind your husband that they are US citizens too!
Nice first lady @FLOTUS, you are the most beautiful woman on earth
Thank you.
God Bless our President & First Lady & family. Thank you!
I guess Melania's aide has 2 send out this tweet since Trump lost his phone privileges!! How sad!!
Praying. 
No, though & prayers to thousens of childreen who r starving & dieing because of Saudis & UAEs, killing & blockade of Yemen WITH UR SUPPORT!
Yes prayers to keep all people that are involved in their efforts to stop and contain the fires.please dear Lord keep them safe.
Send them $$$$$
God Bless you, you are among our hero’s all of you.
ولن تكون آخر الحرائق ابتعدوا عن القدس
Thank you Melania.
Such touching words from a former nudie model that married for money.
I bet your wife is over weight and you are a broke mfer.
I'm a billionaire, believe me. And I have the hottest trophy wife that money can buy, okay.
Yep. Women are attracted to rich powerful men. Happy for you.
I am the richest and most powerful in the history of America, believe me. I am also the smartest and the handsomest, okay.
I thought so. You seem wise. You are tweeting back at ME.
Exactly. I am the wisest. And I went to an Ivy League college, so I'm really, very, bigly smart, okay. I really am, believe me.
Not sure if thoughts and prayers will put out the fire .....

Praying
Enough we the thoughts and prayers! You and your husband need to leave Washington!

Ma'am we can't fight fires with "thoughts & prayers."  Those can only be used for victims of mass shootings.
What do you think that's smart funny intellectual it's none of them leave the first lady alone here's a plan for you if you want to shit post go to trumps feed Merry Christmas
Thoughts & prayers to you when your hubby @realDonaldTrump goes to prison and you lose all your money! Good luck with that
We  you FLOTUS! BEST FLOTUS in history! God Bless you! God Bless America!  Merry Christmas!

Thoughts and prayers aren't enough, time to start enacting tough policies to combat climate change. Any delay or lack of action results in deaths of millions. That's on your hands.
false.
Shut up
when are you coming to Africa ??
Thoughts and prayers to the women who were harassed by your husband @realDonaldTrump but beat him for his ego-imagined title, Person of the Year.
GOD DAMN FIRES! BAN THEM, BAN THEM RIGHT NOW! Next thing you know, they will be taking your jobs!
that's funny!
loss of words.While the country&other states enjoy December&cold wheather,meantime,must deal 3 different fires in LA 80○ high wind
Blink 3 times fast if you’re in danger
Be honest , someone else wrote this tweet right?
Millions appreciate all you have done too


نتمنى الصحه والعافيه للجميع 
Is this you tweeting or is it a lawyer we never know these days.
Obama never gave a shit
May God Bless and protect them all! ps we love you @FLOTUS
she DOESN’T DO HER OWN TWEETS...but she Did this...so proud of her are you??
الصلاة والرحمةللمتضررين من حرائق الغابات .
يوجد حل لتخفيف من حرائق الغابات التي تحدث في أمريكا ومناطق كثيرة في العالم .
#release_ahmed_shafik

Thank you!
Please FLOTUS ask POTUS the trucker's do not want an electronic logging device please help us
What you can do is go into RE-HAB. Trust me @MELANIATRUMP your fall will be harder than TRUMPS. AMERICA KNOWS YOU LIKE IT HARD TOO.

IBU MELANIA TRUMP ..GOD BLESS YOU..
Thank you for your grace it has been missing from the People's House for many years.
قولي لابوكي يتلم ويبطل هبد بقراراته يابنت ستين كلب انتي
وفهميه كدا ان #القدس_عاصمة_فلسطين_الأبديه 
امين؟ 
Wow, a telegram with thoughts and prayers, how cool is that?!
Thank you so much!
Melanie i live in california.someone started the fire again.i need yur http://help.love  u melanie!!!!
Very nice thought Melania!

 1500


God bless those who lost there homes
Merry Christmas to you first lady @FLOTUS
Love you!
thanks to your hubby “thoughts and prayers” are all they will get
To rob parra :your no man
You haters have the emotional maturity of 12 year olds
  Grow up and have some class.  If you need this explained to you in childish terms, let me know.
How about Puerto Rico????
Mrs Trump think really HARD about this.
Pack up your gear and take Old Donald and the rest of the WH troops to Puerto Rico to celebrate Christmas 2017 amidst suffering American People.
Bring clean water, food, presents and light.
“Thought and prayers”....how about your husband gets his ass moving on climate change? #ParisAccords
https://www.fiverr.com/john_austin# !
Yea, prayers needed. Due to your husband those fires are going to. E a common scene throughout the world and possibly US. I feel for you. I truly do.
Maybe addressing Climate Change & perpetual drought would be a bit more helpful than thoughts & prayers... ?
Amen
In California. But safe in the San Joaquin valley 
Thank you FLOTUS. You brought class back to White House.

Go back to over decorating for Christmas 
In the history of the White House never has there been such a gaudy presence

I understand your pain, it’s not your fault...

Although... you’ve chosen to stay married to a man who brags about sexual assault, who lies daily, a bully

Tell your husband that, cause we know he could care less about anything but the pedophile running in Alabama
Absolutely! Scary stuff, 0% contained fires and now new fire in LA, closed major freeway 405.
Thank you to all Heroes....
go pee on your husband.
What’s your position on your husband sexually assaulting young women and endorsing a child abuser? Why aren’t you tweeting about that?
Let the pedophiles burn
Good  humility
Anything on cyber bullies yet?
Think & pray about #climatechange
My thoughts and prayers to those who are married with “the Donald”
Amen l second that
And high is assuring they and their families have access to good health care, education and income parity on your list of priorities for America??
