Something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and likes on the first ladies Twitter account and the president in all things Trump on Twitter I wish it would stop I don't know who or what you doing it but I will continue to retweet and like over and over again
YOUR HUSBAND IS A BULLY!!!!
Wonderful Lady!
Thank you for this lovely photo!!!


How do you sleep at night?

American Women Love our FLOTUS- Beautiful Christmas that the children you had at the WH! They will have the most wonderful memories!! Thank you Melania!
You are an angel
Supporting our Law enforcement making custom American Flags
LMFAOOOOO!!! Riiiiiightttt and you believe the Easter Bunny is real 
Have you heard Mrs Obama speak and the powerful words she had for children and women! It’s not only about looks it’s about character of the women :)
That's why Melania wins in both categories.
Really ?  Her speeches inspire women and young girls? ohhh the speech she stole from Michelle Obama ya righttttttttttt :)
You mean where she race baits in the 21st century how the white house was built by slaves owned by evil white elite 1% ers in the 18th century. What a way to unite the races and ecourage equality, American ideals...stoke the embers of the 1960's black power/KKK movements. #maga
According to the White House Historical Association’s website, planners had initially intended to import workers from Europe but had trouble recruiting any, so they “turned to African-American — enslaved and free — to provide the bulk of labor that built the White House
White House is beautiful!
How can you stay married to such a creep? Surely you can cash  out now?
Oh no....did you know black kids were being allowed in the White House?  That must have really pissed hubby off!

Fool
Thank you Melania, for the elegance you brought back to our White House!

Yes!  Military families. They deserve to be guests in the White House.
beautiful children, genuine love flowing from America’s First Lady #MAGA
Awwww!!!!! So awesome!! Thank you @FLOTUS for the lovevsbd care you show!! You are loved and appreciated!!! 
@FLOTUS is amazing. Man Trump is lucky. lol
You are appreciated and represent our nation beautifully.
Who cares???
Many do.  At least 65 million.  We had to suffer through 8 horrid years of disaster knowns as The Obamas. You can as well.  You will survive.  Don't like it?  Don't come on the greatest President in history threads.
She probably hated touching all those black kids!
U hateful bitch
So sweet!
Thank God for Christmas...A 100000Thanks
Girl, you need to stop socializing and get on with your Cyber Anti Bullying Campaign.
way Roy Moore there? He likes kids.
Melania, there is always going to be someone willing to criticize you. Don’t let that get to you!!! Your WH decorations look amazing and you are super classy. Keep up the good work!
Please encourage your husband to resign.
Hate is not tolerated here.
No, but it is in the White House #TrumpIsARacist #Pocahontas
Did you call her out for saying she was native american?
dude, capitalize... Native American.  I don't know if she is, or isn't (Cluephone: don't believe every thing on #FauxNew or #Breitbart).  All I know is that @realDonaldTrump is a philandering, misogynistic racist of the highest order #impeach #TrumpIsARacist
I have Native America in my blood from my great grandparents. But I'm not going to say that I'm Native American on official documents because I wasn't raised in that culture and don't even look it. It's just rude. So no I don't think she is Native American.
Dude.  It still doesn't excuse him from his racist statements  This is about that AHole, not Senator @SenWarren
So he called out the lying senator who most people called out for lying. But when he finally calls her out for lying everyone jumps to defend her.
Notice Melania smiles here - Trump not around 
https://painverseslife.blogspot.com 
Just awesome Mrs. Trump!!!! We love you!!
... and they say that the Trump family   is racist ... lol!!!
Did not see this from CNN
Mrs Trump you have a kind , warm heart. We all think of you with love and respect. Thank You for sharing White House Christmas.
Best First Lady! What a difference from Michelle Obama, class versus no class!
We should  respect the First Lady and the President  regardless of who we voted for.
You should have said that about...9 years ago
I think it’s precious but won’t it offend your base that you actually touched these people of color? 
It’s not necessary to be disrespectful. Something the left always seems to do.
But 50 Christmas trees?  I think there are probably 49 other families that could use a Christmas tree.
You liberals are so freaking miserable, all you ever do is complain. If this upsets you so much, then you go buy those people a freaking tree !
Exactly! There’s always those who have to find something wrong with every little thing. Always a Scrooge in every crowd.
Liberals are simply frustrated & miserable. Election Day really did them in 
Not really.  Frustrated that we have a President that doesn’t act Presidential and does everything he can to wreak havoc, that part is true.  But we will be fine, but thank you for your concern.  There’s hope yet.
Sorry that you are frustrated. However, some of us try to see Christmas as a joyous and happy time, especially for our little ones. Just wish we could keep politics out of the holidays.
I agree.  I wish Trump would do the same. What frustrates me truly is he is intentionally throwing bait out there and people are taking the bait.  But let’s have happy holidays, enjoy what we do have.  I celebrate both Christmas and Chanukah, hence the holidays comment.
Children can see spirits. I hear a child said you were an Angel. My heart knows he sees something real. You are an Angel sent from Heaven. God Bless your Family. Thank you for bringing Jesus Christ to the White House. You are beloved by America 
I love Christmas. So happy that the White House is Beautiful
It's in the sewer..
Please leave your hate outside. Thank you.
Nope... as long as that f***er is in the WH, I'm entitled to my opinion. It's here, and it's going to stay.  #impeach #dumptrump #resist
Yes you are entitled to you opinion. But opinions are like assholes. Everyone has one and they all stink. So again. For the holidays, please leave your hate outside so we can all get along for a at least a few days. Even during ww1 and 2 they stopped fighting during christmas.
Nope.  As long as that stinkin' AHole is in the WH, I'll voice my opinion.  He's truly horrible, and he needs to be called out on it.  I don't think @FLOTUS is a bad person but she is #complicit
So basically you are saying that you are a lesser person and less compassionate than people during the bloodiest wars in history were?
at this moment in time, yes.  Every day Trump makes a mockery of the US...
It's so nice to have a @FLOTUS with class, femininity and an elegant demeanor again. Totally contrast of @MichelleObama
Merry Christmas but stop hating Michelle's gone
miss Michelle Obama!!
      Like a toothache!
Aww so jealous and bitter!  FORGIVE!!  P.S. She posed nude, HARDLY a porn star, but you would know.
Like I said, miss Michelle Obama! someone our children can look up to!!
Ha ha ha oh please!  The one who starved kids with jacked up lunch boxes but fed her fat face.  Just deal with it, SHE GONE!  GOOD RIDDENS!
haha the whole world laughing at ur pornstar trophy wife

She is awesome
#paidescort
What do you mean by that?
How do you sleep at night?
With your president
I’m going to bet she doesn’t. Also, not my president - that’s on you dear. I’m Australia.
Then keep out of America s business
@katiemainsb  you comment as much as you want! 70% of us agree with you.
Lol the election proved different
Actually it didn't. Half of eligible voters didn't vote because they figured there was no fucking way he'd win. WAY more than half voted for her... Giving trumpers is 30% is being generous.
Lol minus the dead and illegal ..he won both
Obviously only black children were called, with a token white child. The message is "look we're very multicultural AND OR only black children need white charity". 

We hear you, Flotus. You and the Dotard. Loud and clear.
Did you them your portrait?

Time for you to go for a walk with Donald on the highway.
Awe jealous
I want my job back 1313
Remember the Trump tea cup
This is God stop using my name my lawyer will be in contact in the meantime I still love you even though you're not the brightest star
Haha
Merry Christmas to you our first lady Mrs. Trump! You are doing a great job!
We are so blessed to have you as our First Lady. God Bless you.  #WhiteHouseChristmas
I’m sure she burned her dress after having all those black kids touching her  and soaked her body in bleach for 2 hours
What is wrong with you? Please leave your hate outside for the holidays. It is unwanted and uncalled for. We should all come together this holiday season.
Never
I love you 
your old husband is a poor person who supports terrorist organizations
Sayin melanin tramp biliyorum sende annesin bende  bir  Anne olarak sezden Rica ediyorum elinizden ne gelirse en ufak bir caba bile olsa bu barbar turki durdurun yetr bukadar in San masun öluyor efrinden ciksin cikarin Ben ingeliz ce bilmedigim icin

Did those sweet children show you all of the cold, icy Christmas decorations installed while you were vacationing in Florida?
Wtf
Thank you for providing these children with an experience they will always cherish. What a great opportunity for them and they all look so happy, as does @FLOTUS
In her mind she was thinking damn all these little negroes

Keep them away from your husband. He might be attracted to some of them.
Beautiful
So sweet!
Stop pandering to the lowest IQ. We don't need them. They vote 95% Demonrat every election. Pander to us whites and all will be fine.
Why do parents let their children near these nazi animals?
The White House is 
beautifully decorated.Mrs. Trump. You did a fantastic job.
https://twitter.com/IrisRimon/status/935366230520795136?s=17 …
Go away you money grabbing lier
Thank you Melania for making our White House look so beautiful and classy! God Bless The Trumps! Have a Merry Christmas!
#fakeass
나는수신제가를잘못해서280만원문제로격분해서 150일간의사회봉사를 의미없게만들고 양태호의이미지를 추악하고 수준낮게만들었는데 트럼프국부님과 영부인님의 행적을 유심히지켜보면 링컨의철학관처럼 자기나이에어울리는 큰바위얼굴의 나다니엘호오돈의 이상적인이미지를 보는것같아서 흐뭇한데나는
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/11/28/1719117/-Melania-didn-t-want-this-come-hell-or-high-water?detail=emaildkre …
And of course Potus nowhere to be found.....
U r amazing!
OK SO HOW MUCH THE BLACK KIDS WENT FOR
Bleechhhhh
To all you Liberals. It’s time to accept that you lost.  We won.  That’s all that matters. Your nasty comments don’t empower you they embarrass you
They don’t embarrass me!
Shame on you!!! Being the wife and helper of the American Fascist and Racist Reichskanzler.
Why isn’t’t our First Lady on tv showing the White House being decorated ? We want to see her and the decorations !!
No we don't
how fricking stupid.
Bless you...
I hope they had their HPV vaccinations.
Wow, what a wonderful First Lady.
Let's try something new on Twitter,  let's be positive and complimentary to our leaders.
Bitch whore
If the American weapon that you support the barbaric family to kill the Yemeni people, in the hand of  the Yemeni army, we are now in 
the White House we drink tea together with US President
Merry Christmas @FLOTUS you’re awesome and so are those beautiful children! 
Why was the green card canceled? We need it. So we complete the study project.
Wonderful !! Thank u for not being a pizza freak like u know who,s
What an amazing day.  Thank you for all that you do.
Really
@JBA_NAFW @whitehouse #WhiteHouseChristmas I’m sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Love the pictures.
عالی مرسی ملینا خیلی دوست دارم ببینمت کارت فوق العاده زیباست
That is a very beautiful Picture
You all sound like 4 year olds— Grow up and Vote next time.
Get those babies vaccinated you don't know where that hooker has been 
am a tilling work
Absolutely beautiful. Love the beautiful Christmas spirit. Merry Christmas, President  and Mrs Trump.
I wish these idiots would get a life. Aren't they tired yet?
You are the best Melania. We love you
Were they able to understand you OR do they speak Slovenian too?
You look beautifull
I think its wonderful-why are the Libs always crabby & critical? Oh, bcuz they’re jealous the attention isn’t on them? Shameful.  We are proud of Melania. Keep up the great work!!
Your fake, stop acting like you like children of colour. Stay away from these children before you damage them
how i'd feel if someone told me i'd be meeting her
"I have deeper thoughts on my mind. The other day I was thinking about volunteering to help teach underpriviledged children to learn how to read. And just thinking about it was the most rewarding experience I've ever had."
You are beautifully awesome Melania! Love you
RUN away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did you give them T-shirt’s with this logo?
How do those kids feel about your husband supporting white supremacists? And how's that anti-bullying thing coming along? What a fraud.
Awesome group of kids..looked like everyone was having fun 
How awesome!  Melania is a wonderful1st Lady
Best First Lady everrrrr!! Finally we have a beautiful and classy First Lady!!
Your awsome
Very good way to exploit those children.  You Foreigner.
Make McCain vote first
"Kidnapped Hearts" - A shocking documentary about the corrupt family court system and Governmental Child Kidnapping in the USA
Beautiful group of kids!!! Looks like they had a wonderful time!!
Melania Trump looks the most relaxed and happy when she is around kids. That when her smiles look the most genuine
SUCH AN ENLIGHTENING, MOTIVATIONAL, ENDEARING MIRROR INTO THE HEART & SOUL OF OUR @FLOTUS.  SHE IS DOING A WONDERFUL JOB IN HER REPRESENTATION OF AMERICA. CHILDREN ARE OUR FUTURE & SHE HAS PROVEN HER DEDICATION TO THIS TRUTH. MERRY CHRISTMAS & MAY GOD BLESS AMERICA.
I think our First Lady is Awesome. Stop hating.
hsdhdhd


С рождеством !!!
Graceful. Beautiful Flotus.
My name is Gary Stokes I've been trying to reach President Trump for 2years are better about my patent I need help to get it going good for all Americans good for safety and security and environment need his help I think it would create a lot of jobs for all Americans God Bless
You are a wonderful FLOTUS! Thank you!
Hi very very good
What a beautiful First Lady...finally we have a classy one
Christmassy at White House iloveit! Good job @FLOTUS
Where's the Latinos, Asians and all diversed groups?

She is a beautiful FLOTUS And a classy woman All around.
You are wonderful woman thank you for all you are doing amazing.
I haven't seen that many black people in the White House since Obama was there!  (just kidding) That's a nice thing Melania did in inviting them.
does your husband know?
Forget about your Christmas decorations! You have a bigger problem, your annoying idiot husband!
But Donald had other, more sinister plans ...
“You can do anything. Whatever you want. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.”

"I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait.”

“Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits & everything. She’s totally changed her look.”
#MerryChristmas !
Keep it up TRUMP!! Stocks are bursting!!! No more taking care of the left bullshit!! Take care of the working people!!!
And ACTION ..as for the Mansion, where's the cornerstone?
Yet more staged pics from the Drumpf's.
@POTUS @JBA_NAFW @WhiteHouse Thank you for being an inspiration to our young, they all need some grace in their lives.
MERRY CHRISTMAS !!!! #MerryChristmas
Wow what a fantastic.....
Watch Live: NBC Victims Silenced for Corporate Greed And Ratings http://www.infowars.com/watch-live-nbc-victims-silenced-for-corporate-greed-and-ratings/ … via @realalexjones
I want to believe that ma'am. Your spouse must not have been home. I haven't seen that much color in the WH since 2016.
Great job Melania you're a good first lady of what the Democrats say
Melania
What did the children say to you regarding what they think of your husband?  Nice photo op though.
Very beautiful keep doing good things .
Be CAREFUL Queen MELANIA! Those are BLACK kids! ALL HAIL KING TRUMP! #MAGA
Beautiful
Too bad they weren't worthy enough to be there this past Easter when you hosted #EasterSoWhite or for #HalloweenSoWhite 
You fool NOBODY sane with this photo op lady
Just as pathetically phony as your racist husband @realdonaldtrump @potus
Thank you for being a wonderful First Lady.
You're husband will be impeached.
а белые вообще остались в Америке? Или только цветные?

Melania
America is lucky, grateful & proud to have you as our HONORABLE FLOTUS!
Thank you for your wonderful representation!
So so sweet!  Melania is so lovely - her beautiful soul shows through.  Children know “good people”. 
I love the decorations at the White House. Thank You for all you do!
I agree that our First Lady looks like an angel!
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
Way cool
Children do not know colours! Adults are responsible for planting prejudices

