We tried to have a great Christmas but obama ruined our life. Literally. Lost our machine shop that was open for 60 years. Our life is now upside down. I would love to be alone with the THING for 5 minuets. I would DRAG HIS ASS TO DETROIT thn a very good slap
Melania, NOW It’s Okay To Divorce Donald
In an interview with Sean Hannity, Rudy Giuliani said that President Trump reimbursed his personal attorney Michael Cohen the $130,000 that was paid to Stormy Daniels. 
I love the Dem blue all over your stupid tree
Beautiful Christmas decorations and wonderful message of faith, peace, and love 
#PINOCCHIO
Moscow 2013 Miss Universe Pagent
Trump hitting on 26 year old Edita Shahumyan  ( 26 years old) at a club in Russia in 2014, asking her is the bold rapper is her boyfriend
Transcript of her interview and video to follow
…
Not to you eshoul.
God bless you.
Save the contracts workers in the iraqi ministry of electricity
Steve
Thank you
Hi I ,m j s Teotia from India.
What great production value. If only you two meant the words that were obviously written for you. Sad.
Just started Twitter.  Thank you for good wishes whatever words are used.  What do they do when you say good morning?
I LOVE JESUS IN THE WHITE HOUSE AGAIN I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL NEXT CHRISTMAS ALREADY 
what??????
Fake fake fake....NOTHING but photo ops. 
#PINOCCHIO
Podem falar o que for do homem, mas ele sabe fazer as coisas

What about those who aren’t Christian? I was raised Presbyterian but @realDonaldTrump you are #NotMyPresident but @MELANIATRUMP you are #myfirstlady 
You have NO self respect? Is money so important to you that you stay with such  a man? Or does he own a dossier on your life as a stripper? Either way, you are no better than DJT.
They really deserve each other...
This was so wonderful. We as Americans have not seen or heard such love in so many years. It is wonderful to know that God is in the White House with you and pray He will always be there with and for you always with guardian angels. thank you!
Parody Twitter account, right??
Divorce this horrible person.
My product has been displayed on Twitter, and I hope you can buy one, I need money , thank you.
Happy holidays
They want peace and safety for their children, destroying our country and killing our children, a terrorist America

THIS MELANIA
https://twitter.com/rungomez/status/971859411172864001?s=21 …
like you actually looked at a bible....stop
your best ever
https://twitter.com/johnstreeter618/status/969980399345700864 …
If the goal is to end chain migration, lead by example. Melania's parents are not welcome by the Trump Administration
Or u going 2 keep lie n to GOD and the WORLD
So trump did u tell the WORLD that u use ur wife to bait me and she love s what I say 2 her
Merry Christmas, Obama’s 
 
Happy holiday's lol
Nice


A President and First Lady who believe in God. Our country needs to return to love family values and faith, whatever your faith may be. One Nation Under God
White House looks beautiful
Sorry!
Thank you this was so touching.


Merry Christmas, wayyy to late I might add. But I still want to say Merry Christmas because I'm not a dick and I trash this guy a lot. So... uh. Merry Christmas, because I feel guilty a little and think he should get a Merry Christmas even if it's Trump.
Too bad you’ve taken future Christmas’s away from the Florida 17. YOUR JOB IS TO PROTECT AMERICANS
Why don't you wish everyone who is not Christian a happy holiday on the holidays they celebrate? Not everyone is Christian!
Thank you so much for your heartfelt and dedicated service to our great nation. God's blessings upon you and all your family.

Melania Trump isn't having a very happy Valentine's day. First Michael Cohen confirmed that Stormy Daniels was paid off & now the WH will not reveal the immigration status of Melania's father who lives in America and was a member of the Slovenian Communist Party 
…

Michael Cohen had told friends privately in the initial aftermath of the news of his role in the Stormy Daniels payment was, and I quote, “bullshit” and “fake news.” He is admitting to Maggie here that he was lying to close friends. Surprise! https://twitter.com/maggienyt/status/963602298655117312 …
Love you and your family, Melania !  I’m so thankful for your husband , President Trump!  He is a God send to our Country !!  He has the biggest job in the World and praise God he will make a difference !!  We pray for all of you!


So beautiful love all the decorations 
Awesome.... True meaning of Christmas... God is good!!

LOVE THE COLORS IN OUR WHITE HOUSE AND THE TREES ARE BEAUTIFULLY DECORATED, THE TRUE COLORS OF CHRISTMAS, LOYALTY
Beautiful!!! 
Please read
Vanessa Beeley is an independent investigative reporter in Syria, please Melania, she knows truth about what deep state is really up to, children's lives are being lost everyday because us.

@FLOTUS
Oh snap. 

Donald Trump is full on bald.…
Nice one the thanks for that the you can see for my terpin
Mr. President, she is the best FLOTUS in history
You guys look so happy together 
Absolutely beautiful!
BREAKING: Illegal Rapes 9-Yr-Old in Sanctuary City http://truthfeednews.com/breaking-illegal-rapes-9-yr-old-in-sanctuary-city/ … via @truthfeednews


MERRY CHRISTMAS 

The White House was so Beautiful and The Nativity scene is what Christmas is ll about Thank you @FLOTUS  and you did lool=k like an angel
#StopAfrinGenocide 
#Erdoghanterrorist
#SaveAfri n
#StopAfrinGenocide
@SunnyLeone

#ErdogansWarOnAfrin
Yes thanks
#StopAfrinGenocide
It's clear by the look in her eyes that she finds great joy in being w/ children contrasted to the the empty eyes look she feels when w/ @realDonaldTrump . I am guessing she has known about his sexual escapades for years.....maybe the pedophile side...Can not protect then quietly
Love very much  mrs.president and first lady
@MELANIATRUMP don't you have any self-respect???
Come on

White House reporter @PeterWSJ heard Melania Trump was running up military flight costs. So I FOIA'd her travel records and found before her move to Washington she spent more than $675,000 in 3 months. …
Bien
Merry Christmas  ! Thank you for bringing Christmas back to the Whitehouse! That means so much to America. 
So beautiful this message 
İf so tell your dump husband, Ooppss trump husband ;) to STOP arming and working with terorists in midle east. PKK, PYD, YPG iSiS.   American Army and Pentagon  works with them, ,every body knows that. your dump husband Trump not.
The lady are you look so unhappy you don't have to live like that you're beautiful woman who does not need to be with that type of a man who is a cheater a racist and a sexual abuser of women
Ameeeen ! God bless you too ! Our Blessed Government in America !
Merry Christmas
Sucky,sucky!
@realDonaldTrumplease thank you in the name of all of us in the universe.
Linda voçe
They both look like Russian puppets.
WOW It never been so beautiful as it is right now 
Merry Christmas to you Mr President Trump and Melania Trump and to your family!
Love that Government. You both are the most gorgeous couple WH ever had!
Thanks to make WH so bright!

All holidays matter.
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/photos/a.347907068635687.81180.346937065399354/1902212373205141/?type=3&theater …

What did you get for #StormyDaniels?
MERRY CHRISTMAS NUTSACK
Is it STORMY where you are?  You knew he liked porn stars.  loser!
What a beautiful job you did decorating the "People's House" and sending a wonderful message to Americans of family, history and love during this Christmas season.
Thanks sir
Like
We love the President and his entire Family.  We are thrilled he took on this job and how much work he has done for America!
THANK YOU! The White House, the People's House, was gorgeous this year! You did a lovely job! Merry Christmas, belatedly.
Please Veto funding for Planned Parenthood.
Please stand for equality of ALL U.S. lives, from Creation/fertilization to  natural death.
#TrumpShutdown #Resistance #BlueTsunami2018  GET OUT of OUR HOUSE!
Sorry my house too ..i so like them very much
How can you stand him? He must have had you sign an ironclad prenup.
You guys look like you hate each other.

http://www.schumershutdown.com 
#ReleaseTheMemo #obamagate FISA ABUSE #MAGA #BuildTheWall
Ummmm, @FLOTUS , you do realize you're re- tweeting Christmas greetings on January 20th, right?  So, you're either painfully late, or painfully early.  Have another cocktail, dahling.

He’s bald
God Bless our First Family! We love and pray for you all
Thanks hon.President for us Merry Christmas
I’m quite sure Michelle and Hillary and Bush woman are jealous of your appearance and integrity. Stay focused
Thank you for that beautiful blessing!  May God bless your family beyond measure!!!

Hogan Gidley is such a lying little punk.



The best Christmas present you can give is: Give the Presidency to someone else.
Tuyệt vời.

KING
What a bag of double shit! 
#FakeNewsAwards
Wao..

Thank you, sir. My greatest blessing, this Christmas, is that you are seated in the Oval Office as a God-fearing man with a God-fearing Vice-President!
this is so weird
Don and his Trophy Wife
Merry Christmas, Shithole
