Your hubby has fallen asleep deary.
Wonderful to have Christians as President & First Lady this year
So wonderful to see grace and class in the White House. Merry Christmas @FLOTUS  and Mr. President @realDonaldTrump
Merry Christmas thank you for a wonderful first year

@HillaryClinton lost he can't be impeached
You two rock. Thanks for all the help with getting things sorted with our country and its needs. Much appreciated. God bless you and yours. Happy Christmas.
Why am I imagining you two tracking #Santa through antiaircraft gun sights???

So much taken away from the truly needy, this is how I feel about what you do. Your time is limited.
Merry Christmas, Melania.  Your husband is a monster, but I look forward to your tell-all biography someday!!  
That would make the merriest Christmas of all.
Merry Christmas to you and @POTUS ! This is the best Christmas ever!
Be honest, @FLOTUS. @POTUS was totally tracking #Santa for himself.

I guess the #taxbreak wasn’t enough of a #milliondollargift this year. 
Grow up
It seems like anyone who has to say “Grow up” probably is the one who needs to grow up.

#HappyHolidays, Brian.
Merry Christmas Jeremy and God bless you

You need to get your heart fixed. Meanness is not for the season.

Poor you #Melania! I hope Santa brings you a life partner who loves you more than they love themselves 
I no longer have sympathy for this woman.
I used to work with a Lady whose Mother was in an extremely #AbusiveRelationship. I said, pls tell your Mom to leave this #SOB! She then explained in graphic detail why these things are not always as easily remedied as one might expect from the outside looking in. #PrayForMelania
I am full aware of it. I lived it, I helped others with it, I have spent my life engaged in all manner of field work and agency work with my son alongside me. We fast and pierce to heal the people. I felt really bad for her originally. I'm done worrying about this wealthy woman
Then all I have to say is, thank you so much for all the outstanding, heart-rending, essential work that you do for your community & the folks within Rebecca  #MerryChristmas to you & yours, you truly deserve a wonderful & peaceful holidays. Santa owes you #Bigly 
I spent many hours really feeling for this woman. However, I have to consider that each of 45's wives have gone on to lives of towering privilege, wealth & never once looked back or spoke to these things in the spirit of personal insight, awareness. THAT said, must retool my mind
Now this I can 100% wholeheartedly agree with!! That bloody Ivana woman even accused the #SexualPredator #trump of raping her at one point! No amount of Dollars in #NonDisclosure should ever have prevented her from bringing that fact to bear as speaking #TruthToPower #Complicit
So she warrants the same depthless compassion, no? And yet, these women are from or a part of the #SuperPredatorClass of colonizing culture's extractive interests.
Wait What? Doesn't Donnie have more important things to do? This is crazy!
You are one of great appreciate & like you more than all amerikanischen leaders love from germany  
YOU are what happens when a condom breaks...
I have much condom don't wry about ;)
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
What a difference a year makes! Miss the warmth and love of #PresidentObama and #FirstLadyMichelleObama
Blink 3 times fast, 2 times slow, and 3 times fast and help will be on the way, Melania.
While you're waiting, Gary do the world a favor and refrain from procreating!
As I read through all of these tweets, I am reminded that there are people with ugly hearts and it isn’t the two in the picture. Can any of you put aside your hatefulness for one day and just be kind? Some are truly horrible human beings. Take your own advice, think b4 u tweet
You're the best!! First Lady Melania! !
WHAT A GORGEOUS PHOTO 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE XX
I like this one.
You are both skeevy grifters and criminals. I wish you a merry impeachment, ASAP.
and a happy removal from office!
Funny name for a divorceattorny
Merry Christmas.   Interesting photo though.  Seems so impersonal.   But anyways merry Christmas.   I am gonna be nice 
Merry Christmas!!!! To our New President and First Lady!   2018 will be our year to #MAGA
This was awesome.
Thank God your husband isn't bullying anyone on Twitter right now.
I just improved the photograph. You’re welcome.
You look like an inflatable sex doll, right?

Wow they are facing away from each other...lol
Thank you so very much for being the most beautiful and gracious FLOTUS since Jackie Kennedy. I put you at #1 over her too.
Merry Christmas to you and our President! I just know that the USA will have the most prosperous and joyous New Year because of you!
Please give us a definition of "gracious"... waiting...
Beautiful body. Strong woman secure in her own image.
They need no help. They are doing awesome. #MAGA

Clearly you despise each other
Is he asleep?
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to President Donald Trump (@POTUS) and First Lady Melanie Trump (@FLOTUS).

Funny how it happened to be caught on camera!

You sit there in golden thones like some sort of of royalty in days of old. Could that room be any more gaudy? @realDonaldTrump has no taste
Santa. He tried to fire Mueller. Save me! Gotta go.
So in love. NOT
You scumbags would be better televangelists than politicians. This looks like a set of a show where they constantly beg viewers to donate.
God Bless You @FLOTUS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and your lovely Family! Very Merry Christmas to You, your followers, family, and friends!. 

The White House would not be the Same Without You & Your Loving Family @FLOTUS #ChristmasEve #Christmas 
You forgot Putin TrumpRussia trolls
Make sure you update all the kids on CHIP. It wasn't even a Republican/ Democrat issue. Tell your husband to grow his heart. #HowTheGrinchStoleChristmas  #howthetrumpstoleCHIP
How the Trump Stole CHIPmas?
Very sad that you can't even be civil during this very special season. Merry Christmas.
WTH!?  Have you read your fuhrer's tweets "during this very special season"?  #Cult45  #ImpeachTrumpNow  #TrumpSexPredator  #HoldTrumpAccountable  #RIPGOP
I have read President Trumps tweets. Its nice to say Merry Christmas again & my purse loves the high market & tax cuts.
This is sad. Trump takes credit for something & his supporters jump right in & say "yes sir, great job". Common sense has evaporated. People forgot childhood lessons like don't feed the school bully or egotistical braggarts. Whats obvious & sad - Trump appeals to greedy people.
Trump deserves credit for giving Christians the bravery to fight back against the political correct bullshit they were forced to adopt under the Obama admin. Common sense has been gone more than 10 yrs. That happened when people voted for a man just because of his skin color.
It took a grifter to give you courage? Were you really in fear? No one forced you to do anything. Did you still have a pagan tree & gulp down the commercialization of the birthday of your lord & saviour? Quit being ridiculous.
Well stated. Trump is single handedly tearing apart the fabric of the country with his daily ridiculous ludicrous boasting statements about himself. Those who believe he's some sort of Christian freedom fighter should be ashamed of themselves. He's no Christian, he's more Satan.
This picture here is #FAKENEWS
Melania is calling her bf and 45 is trying to figure out how the phone works...
Look at how @POTUS44 and @FLOTUS44 (The Obama) sent out Christmas greetings to the troops and ALL Americans...sitting together, holding hands, smiling and laughing. Honestly good people who showed their love for life.
While he cuts their funding and arms their enemies. 
Did you cover your grab?
Tragically, this is how @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS talk to each other on all the other nights of the week too.
How many times did you have to leap across the room to stop @realDonaldTrump from shooting Santa down?
Yeah, this looks like a happy marriage. #bodylanguage
the body language says it all!
Oh yes what a warm Christmas picture! So full of joy and love!
I hope she's calling The National Domestic Violence Hotline +18007997233
S
Yeah, looks like a great time. You can almost actually see the contempt.

Took the picture then you each went to your own quarters at Mar-a-Lago!  Enjoy the big jewels or whatever ostentatious gift ha had Hope Hicks buy for you!
I am sure the MSM is haranguing the President about how he can't talk to the @FLOTUS face to face. In reality they are talking to kids as everyone is tracking Santa's Sleigh. 

Merry Christmas @POTUS 
Hmmm. Funny, the body language on display here doesn’t look “fun” at all.
Why are you facing away?  We know you need our help. Save us and we will save you
We thank God every day that you both stand watch over this great country. God will continue to bless, protect and direct you.
He looks totally bored and fed up
Wow that is one badass place your in
You can clearly see that they're not in love with each other anymore. I think she's really disgusted by him and his policies.
1. No one is smiling in this picture

2. There are no children in this picture.

3. You aren't even looking in each other's general direction.

4. You seem to be talking while Donald seems to be dozing off.
How can you be in the same room with that childbtrump. Your goin to get a russian sexual diesese
You are amazing
LOL
Will this Twilight Zone Marathon, ever end?
This looks just like every normal everyday American's Christmas.
That looks far from festive. Not looking at each other, though that is understandable.
Here it looks like they are tracking #Santa as if he was an ICBM.

bot
POSTER CHILD FOR BIRTH CONTROL
bot
Waste of space

Don't get too comfortable, Melania!  Donald will trade you for a new, younger Russian prostitute soon
Is it a secret message?
الهند ءيضا ترونب مجهودات من ورشاتي مدخول زاءد وءعضاء جدد
Can tell how much you like each other.
Is Donald  on the toilet ... ? Talk about an awkward photo. Oh well, your 15 minutes will be up very soon! I, for one, can't wait.

Does Donald wear that same blue suit to bed, too?
Even the 9 MILLION who have to find affordable Health Insurance now because your husband helped eliminate CHIP ?
You're the best!
Bot
IDIOT

Thank you @FLOTUS. Our First Family is America's best Christmas Gift of all time. Merry Christmas , God bless our First Family!
Did you help him kill children by taking their healthcare away as well?
Who’s healthcare did anyone take away ?! LIAR much?!
Is that gaudy room supposed to Mara-whatever ? Didn't realize that had a "tacky room" just for djt ! Their "closeness" is underwhelming... and telling... sad 
You should remember, the CLINTON'S stole all the furniture when they were thrown out of the White House! Ring a Bell 
I saw part of it on fox news too cute!
You spelled "two cünts" wrong....

I see what you did there. Good one.
Piss off mail order bride
Merry Christmas First Lady Melania and to you "WINNING" Husband Mr. President Trump. And to Barron.
I said Merry Christmas but you two are a miracle. Thank you
Why do some people feel the need to be nasty even on Christmas. For the love of god get a life, I hope you finally find some peace and joy. Even the grinches heart grew on Christmas.
It would be nice if the President wasn’t so inappropriate the other 364 days.   I still will wait for his taxes and the Mueller investigation.   But then some people think being respectful is a one way street.  They get respect when they become respectful.
The President deserves more respect than most.
Looks like u two probably are just talking to each other, good photo op.
merry christmas !! love you first lady of the united states!
Your intimate sharing of this moment is just so inspiring. Could you have gotten further apart?  Not without one of you being out of the shot!  #fakenews #crookedDonald
APART WAS NECESSARY. THEY ARE SPEAKING TO DIFFERENT CHILDREN.
*fun*.
Merry Merry Christmas, the very best present the American people will ever recieve, Mr. Donald John Trump as our President, and our lovely brilliant first lady, Melania Trump. So very thankful for you. Happy 2018!
Merry Christmas ! God Bless
Treasons Greetings!  Merry Impeachmass!  Happy New Administration!  I had fun finishing my Christmas cards, but I look forward to next Christmas when you are gone, and I can return to the traditional cards of gratitude and goodwill.
You are supposed.to put all that aside today out of respect for the.messiah
This is the coldest, most hideously arrogant photo ever.  You two look like your having a blast tracking Santa alright! Gee, wish we were there.
They are the coldest, most arrogant people!
Wow 

Jesus bless America and Americans !. 
Looks like he's on the line with his attorneys, and you pretending to care about cyber bullying.  Awe, #MerryChristmas

I’m so sure you never called the children and babies that were separated from their parents when they were deported because of you psycho husband @realDonaldTrump
Merry CHRISTmas!
I bet former stripper/whore @MELANIATRUMP also had fun dancing on the special Maralago stripper pole! LMFAO!!!
Oh pleeeeeeeeze!
As much fun as taking their health insurance?
@DELTAES10452 @POTUS best pot
Hope you have a great Christmas, and New Year
I can’t imagine a sadder marital portrait. SO SAD on Christmas Eve!! The fact that “ our marriage” is soulless is FAKE NEWS.
Marry Christmas, dear
bot who won't get more foreign aid
This is what fun looks like? 
as much fun as 2 corpses can have!
How wonderful! Merry Christmas from Australia! 
bot
Awesome
You’re the best president and Melania is the best spouse I’ve seen in my 74 years and I wish you with all my heart and most success the most happiness that you can get not only during the holidays but your whole entire term or terms. God bless we love you.
I agree you're doing a fabulous job Mr. President
I hope you and the President had the most blessed Christmas ever. You both are two of the most awesome people on the planet. Jesus loves you and so do I.
Jesus might love then but 68% of the US doesn’t!
Absolutely gorgeous picture! So much class. 
Be fair, didn't say which class.
Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!
Tell grandpa to hang up and stop talking to Putin.

Reminds me of the movie Citizen Kane. Very sad
The marriage is on the ROCK. They are not even on speaking terms.
Merry #Christmas. May world without #war, #violence, #hatred, ...    good faith! #ChristmasEve2017 Don't forget that we are Not All. don't forget the children of #Africa, #Rohingya, #Yemen: under #Saudi #blockade, #siege. #Santa #Jesus #Jesusbirthday #MidnightMass
The Freaking Emperor and Empress.  Perfect
 TAKE A LOOK AT Melania SHOOOES
Wow, those are on point
Hope you were dressed.
Is this marriage on the rocks or what?? A picture worth a thousand words.
Lynn this is mail bride arrangement no rocks here is all about the money!
All those children who are asking for health insurance?  #hypocrites
Haha...jokes...yeah I'm sure you'll find him on the phone. He's got better things to do than sit around & wait for ur call lol. Run #Santa run
Those presents are fake.
Thank you @FLOTUS!
Wishing you and the first family a wonderful time as you bring smiles across U.S again!
Happy Holidays First Family.
bot
Why dont you make it a real MERRY CHRISTMAS amd get out of the white house
We can say "Merry Christmas" again...but we've always been saying that, it's America people. Thank you President Obama.
Meerry Christmas!!
bot
Because you're #MAGA 
Merry Christmas Mrs. FLOTUS
Cuteness. God Bless!!
bot
Bless you and your family. Merry merry Christmas
Yikes! That room looks like they are waiting for Dracula (rather than Saint Nick) to appear.
Merry Christmas to the first family!! 
Thank you @FLOTUS & @POTUS for all the hard work you're doing for us!!  We love you!
Thank you for bringing Camalot back to the White House & setting a prime example for young women today. God Bless y’all! 
You are an amazing First Lady and a true asset to your husband and to the WH. Thank you for all that you and Pres Trump do for the American people. It's not easy with all the resistance and hatred. God Bless and keep U all safe!
We Love You!
Gold and gaudy
If that is what your definition of "fun" looks like then you really don't know how to have fun.
Stop!!  You too look like you are having SOOO much fun!!!    Just two crazy kids!!!  Totally make this your fb profile. People will laugh and laugh. You guys are too much!!!  
On the other line your jerk off husband was telling kids that he is the Santa Claus of the rich.
Santa isn't real. What were you really doing?
I am sure kids from poor families appreciate the luxury their president and his wife live in.  You should have tweeted your girl-on-girl sex photos, those would have been real fun.
Merry Christmas!!!!
Looking forward to seeing what you wear tonight for New Year's Eve Party! You are so stunning and I am proud you are FLOTUS!
you hate him
This is how we talk can't stand his breath
We love you!
Where is this pic?
Photoshop
Merry Christmas Melania, to you, Donald & Barron and the entire Trump family. May God’s hand of favor & blessings be upon you! 
ich habe noch nie so ein gigantisches Weihnachtsbild aus dem Weißen Haus gesehen. Herrlich.  Herzliche Gratulation.!!!!!
@ericvernay #Noëldélation
Even Republicans felt the love!!!!
This didn't happen or he Bush must have been besided him.  He did not know what he was doing?!
They are quite "chummy" because they are genuinely nice people.
Yeah that looks like lots of fun.
That was a very special memory for the children and their families.
It’s not too late! You can still do better.
I assume you mean your patrons children at Mar-A-Lago.
The air between you and that dotard if husband is filled with nothing but coldness.
This is what LOVE looks like
Haha to think that your husband ordered you via phone is hysterical #MailOrderBride
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Ohh, both of yours body language in this pic. It’s so #sad
BTW, @FLOTUS , I think you’re the only one worth knowing there. Your in-laws are a garbage fire.
And isn’t it nice that Barron got to help too...oh, wait, he's never included, I almost forgot.
Really, the body language itself speaks volumes.
That is fun for you but take the time to listen to the POPE'S message in his homily tonight -- far more important than your having fun!!!!
Costa Rica incarcerated my father illegally, he is becoming paralyzed. Can you help us please
I think that's the same room where Ebenezer Scrooge saw the Ghost of Christmas Future...
Except from you u seems to be Bored and tired and hate each other, Its a Nice pic. Whats missing is the kids. No joy, no life in the pic. Maybe next time sit in separate rooms.
Merry Christmas to our @POTUS & @FLOTUS! God Bless you both!
Very proud of my @FLOTUS
Beautiful, Merry Christmas to our number one couple. May God Bless you both and keep you safe, healthy and strong!
Thanks for bringing dignity and class back to the Whitehouse.
...saddest ever portrait of husband and wife .... proof that all the money in the world means nothing if you're unhappy.
Really? What have you done about this??
This Muslim teen was brutally beaten by her classmates. Welcome to Trump's America 
They literally hate one another.
Your so wrong. Your life must be so empty that you think this way about others.
*you’re
Your you’re
From a distance the picture looks like Donald and Melania are not talking to eachother...there will be gossip about this, from the snowflake society!
it's exactly what I thought too haha you rarely ever see them together in pics when when you do they either look miserable AF or are standing at a distance.  Typical really.
Yeah or they don't feel the urge to prove people that they love each other, while they actually don't, cause IDGAF what others think is how it should be.
LOL OK sure
