afrin...
We finally have a beautiful and Gracious lady As our 1st Lady Merry Christmas  and GOD Bless
Finally??  All First Ladies are classy.
You mean escort
B
Hi
LA  PRIMERA  DAMA  IS  STYLE.
@FLOTUS is best represented when she's among children and it shows how happily and naturally she does her duties amongst them... so beautiful to see
Can’t you get that tv watching fast food eating @realDonaldTrump to get those kids their insurance back instead of doing photo ops? You came to my hometown junior high to talk about bullying... it was all talk and photos… Use your platform and get something accomplished.
Ruth Ann you are so rude!  If she wasn’t doing this you would criticize for that too !  

Let’s pray the children are kept safe from the disgusting governments pizza express.

we go.


we lot.

Hi madam , if you want to express my feelings from what i see you it will surely be like a green Queen with a heart  full of kindness And have warm eyes of affection, yet shrewd and watchful everywhere

Old Mel, stop clowning, this was your first year volunteering
That’s not true! For many years she has worked tirelessly, especially for Make-A-Wish foundation.
Nice moment
Please tell me how that cybering bullying campaign is going. Still waiting.
Melania Trump is simply the Best!! Bigger and Better than Donald Trump, will ever be!!
Thank god for the blue pills or he would have blue ball
Love you Melania , thank you for all you do!  You are so gracious and kind 
Your love for the kids is so obvious. So glad you are our First Lady @FLOTUS
According to a new report by the independent, non-governmental, human rights organization the Palestinian Prisoners Club (PPC), at least 600 Palestinian #children have been arrested in Jerusalem alone in the past five months. Of these, roughly 40% were sexually abused.
#
What does that have to do with the subject Souhails !
Wow look at all those smiles  thank you for sharing these photos 
I wonder if she shared these?
Shut up  I would rather look at those than some of Hillary in the same pose
Ah, the inevitable Hillary comparison. Can't defend the Trumps so lets talk about someone else. Sad!
Nothing to defend Melania is a beautiful woman. Just because you don’t like them doesn’t mean I have to dislike them. You are entitled to your opinion and so am I. On that note Have a Very Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year
Sooooo cute
Looking at all of the pictures over the past year, it is so heartbreaking to see you smile more at times when @POTUS is not around.
Where is your son
nice mss melania
THIN LINE BETWEEN LOVE AND WORLD DOMINATION OK MEN ARE DOMINATED NOW DO TO ME OK MAM THIS ISNT A JOKE OK BYE
I love children’s but my husbaand’s more. Leep Service.
How can you look these people in the face knowing they are sending their loved ones to DIE for a SATANIC ZIONIST REGIME in useless senseless WARS for profit and "prophecy"??? You're as bad as Michelle Obama... Enjoy your golden tower...
MMMM SOME BROWNIES NOW BYE

Beautiful pic! Shows your beautiful heart  !!
Great day with military families at @JBABdc as we sorted toys for children. Thank you to @ToysForTots_USA for all that you do for kids across the country.  Merry
Beautiful smile  about time the news started showing more of it 
@realDonaldTrump she looks genuinely happy- where were you that day?
Truly a talented, genuine,classy, graceful mother, wife, woman. We are blessed to have a first Lady that embodies character and virtue
Mamacita
Nice

Lovely x
Did you give the toys or just use the toys and kids as a photo op?
She's using her position to bring attention to the needs of children get a life and by the way get a clue
Hi Miss Melania Trump I am Engineer Hussain from Iraq. There is a policy employee. Ask for a discussion about this important employee. I hope to communicate with you about this.
Beautiful picture's OF YOU and our military families. God bless you and your family members. 
Merry Christmas to you and your family members
Id never would let you touch my kids or grandkids.

And he fears HIV from Haitians
Yet Puerto Rico remains mostly in the dark and suffering still..no Christmas or Happy New Year for them...oh so easy to sweep them under the rug and treat them like the US poor relatives! Shameful hypocrites! Just go away please!
I know that culturally, unlike Americans, your people don't smile for no reason - making your smiles all the more valuable and genuine, but I can see you smiling more to accommodate our ways. And we appreciate it. Happy New Year, Mrs. T. ! xo
Good job!
#TreasonsGreetings
CESTIT 9 BOZIC  DRAGA  PRVA  DAMA  USA  MELANIA  TRUMP
The White House Pinterest account.
Dear First Lady, these pictures should be on the "White House" Pinterest site. It's been two years since anything has been posted. Fyi... please pass this on to our President's social media advisor. Thank you. Keeping your family in my prayers.
Bet you didn't donate any since you guys love taking other peoples happiness from them! You are a 'Ho' Ho Ho!

CHRISTMAS message for the @POTUS, President @realDonaldTrump MERRY CHRISTMAS from BRITAIN and the BRITISH people. See you in 2018 on British soil. RT to send Christmas greetings to Trump. …
So proud to have class in the White House. Im in awe of you. My First Lady forever.
YOUR HUSBAND IS A PUSSY DRAFT DODGING PIECE OF CRAP
I’m glad that Melanie is so real , not an ambitious President’s wife.
Want to thank your disgusting huband @realDonaldTrump for NOT standing up for CHIP and murdering babies. You know, a good chunk of those kids are so lucky to have a toy to clutch as they die. Good work, #FakeFlotus
Great day with military families at @JBABdc as we sorted toys for children. Thank you to @ToysForTots_USA for all that you do for kids across the country.  Merry #Christmas! 

KGB
& when they come home, MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERY1 WITH A HOME EQUITY LOAN!
& older neighborhoods will stop upgrading themselves! @realDonaldTrump @CNN @CBSNews @ABC @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @WSJ @washingtonpost @Millennial_Dems @OccupyDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenSchumer @democratichub …
Nice
Lovely
When you going to dress down go to the slums help with the drug addiction  like you lied about and bullying hell didn't turn a finger hard though with a mad man partner going crazy
you never apologized to @BarackObama for your #birther lies on national television
and no thanks to Melania and Donnie who still have no caring for helping sick kid get well.  Where's funding for CHIP? Where is this great and better healthcare?   What sad liars.

God bless you, Melania, and merry Christmas!
He never went through this my great grandma went through it in the 1920 & by God who is love she was able to survive but had a hard life but I’m here I’m sorry but I feel he don’t care now with the taxes up for NY NJ CALIFORNIA
Meet the @FLOTUS
Wow to be young and sexy. Well she is still sexy.
This looks nice Everyone is having a nice time 
I love all of the smiles
Totally awesome, lovely!
Beautiful. Thankyou.
https://twitter.com/iambritishreal/status/943985183191072769 …
Yeah why don't you do a little donating to these kids since you & the hubs just got yourself a nice windfall....these kids would like clothes and food too while you are at it. More than one pair of shoes. Do you have more than one pair of shoes??
We the people love you Melania Trump
God bless you. .
Hello. Mam
 How are you 
Please reply me
So
   Very Cute 
Merry Christmas
You go Melania
I can tell you love all them kids 
You are a very good 1st Lady and 
Thank You for Your Service
We love you, Melania!!!
I really really like you my dear you very very great lady in America so I really really like you thanks
You are awesome Melania...Keep up the good work. Love the coat!!!
Thank you for bringing Christmas back to the children where it belongs.
You are a wonderful first lady! #MAGA 
I think it's pretty obvious that you just married president Trump for his money and you just do grateful things to look famous!
These photos are so adorable! 
Thank you mam for being a class act. That means and says alot.
Really?
WILL YOU JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why is an illegal immigrant representing my country? Deport Melania first.
Get your facts straight.  She is not an illegal immigrant.  She did it legally!!!
Your fabulous!!!! Thank you for enduring all you do we appreciate you 
Your photo shoots are just as disgusting now as they were before you married a disgusting, vile, hate-filled racist! #fakeflotus

Something is not right with you.  He brought this country down.  If you don't like our country, please leave.
How DARE you tell me to leave my own country! tRUmp has committed treason, and you support him. YOU are the traitor!  Obama saved our economy, jobs, and lives! YOUR POS fake president is destroying the US.
toys for tots is closing 200 stores due to your husband's fake story abt  booming  economy. Propaganda. If you CARE you'll help toys r us stay open for the  kids. MANY STORES closing due to  Donald. Tax plan will kill millions  of people. Yr son  can't come out. Get him pup/kitty
Bla bla bla bla
Leave the good families of our military alone gold digger
Merry Christmas melania and your entire family and all Americans in general
Yes the sprit   of giving will continues into new 2018
Congratulations
Is Beautiful
Our First Lady, Melania Trump, is awesome. Beauty, & grace, intelligent & a sweet heart. I wish we could tell her how much she means to us.
To have given up so much knowing how nasty they would be treated, to make America better for us. We are blessed to have the Trump family.
You need therapy buddy
And you need to get a life TROLL !!!
You are a wonderful lady. Keep up the good work.
Thank you for being there Melania... Merry Christmas to You our President and the Family♡
@OJnaitis
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=381263512326414&id=100013283056325 …
Event Clearwater, Florida for Foster and Underpriveleged Children/ Christmas Party.
Go back to your roots
Flotus is Sooo patriotic unlike Michele
Michelle had a Harvard degree and married her HS sweetheart. Melania is a drop out, illegal alien, porno model and gold digger who married "daddy"
This is Palestinian child


http://mondoweiss.net/2017/12/zubeidat-soldiers-midnight/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Love you First Lady Melania Trump! You are a blessing to America
Merry Christmas
Thank you for your love for our children. God bless

Thank you Melania you r amazing thank you for your  kindness doing a great job God Bless you Merry Christmas 
Thank you for representing America so well!  Merry Christmas 
Ending CHIPS, yeah right, good thing they got some toy
As if FLOTUS has anything to do with that...?
It's Christmas, and she's making beautiful children happy. I thought Love Trumps Hate?
I would say blowing a platoon is certainly doing your part Melania . Good for you !!!

Greatest First Lady ever! 
Xoxo
Keep up the great work with the children!

Settle in, politikids. 

You're going to enjoy this...…
#GodBlessOurTroops Thank you Mrs. Trump for bringing class and elegance to the #Whitehouse
