What? She was a porn star who married for money and was allowed only one child to secure her financial future. She doesn't even live in WH
She was a porn star.
Didn't say film. Print porn. Photography. Porn model.
Arlene: you have no idea what you are talking about. She was never a porn star she was a model. If some of her photos offended you that's your problem. Quit spreading lies and frankly, STFU.
What does Melania think?
Today is Jan. 20, 2018. Why are you retweeting old Tweets from Melania from Nov & Dec 2017? If you think this will distract us from what is going on right now (Gov shutdown, cheating Trump bribing former sex partner, collusion & money laundering with Russians) YOU ARE WRONG 
On my way to @childrenshealth to read a #Christmas book and visit with some of the brave patients. Please keep all who are struggling with health issues in your thoughts & prayers this holiday season.
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/980873029113835523 … explains please
Trump Health Dept removes breast cancer page from website on women's health
 http://hill.cm/ivFTxeL  
Ouch Donald retweeting a month late? He must be trying to make up for this Stormy patch in your relationship....
Why you don t visit your Slovenija..Pridi malo z mozem sem da malo resite te slovenske probleme ,ker je katastrofa pri nas doma l.p fromSlovenija
Healthcare is a wonderful gift.
What a great thing to do! 
If you really care about children,  stand up to your husband and the other Republicans and demand outlaw of assault rifles and increase funding and overhaul of background checks!
Keep up the wonderful work I am a veteran in Colorado springs as a medical refugee using cannabis oil treatment to cure my skin cancer the VA hospital is recording all my wonderful progress in 3 years here marijuana became my exit drug from opiates thank you
The Marijuana Case of the Century


Thank you #God shines his light so bright on Us all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Key to one Any Nation is Truth we must give it to our children our word is all we own,with out it we are nothing #OneDay soon we will all see the truth it will win every time #MAGA Now


Play the best of Bruno Mars
Play music by Bruno Mars
Play free videoBruno Mars
Amen.
How about u tell ur husband to stop attacking these beautiful children w taking away their healthcare. Healthcare is what these brave children need not ur thoughts and prayers. Your clueless & it shows
Vote Blue
So why don’t The Trumps give to help Children and Seniors who will be affected by the “Tax Cut for The Wealthy”.  Medicare will be slashed and Children will no longer have health care.  While your family personally benefits by millions of dollars.
Read? You sure know how to do that, girl?
Give that prayer 2 the bills collectors, drs, other medical prof. & C how far a prayer gets U when u try to pay with a prayer!  Republican party is so afraid 2 help the Americans because it may take a penny from their sorry selves!
Prayers won't pay 4 Chemo/countless other meds, treatments, procedures,vaccines, that'll ll B CUT COMPLETELY OFF once donald trump ends ins 4 millions of innocent children! Republican party is against abortion & against helpin people stay insured. Keep your prayers!
Thank you First Lady. You are a breath of fresh air to our Country!
#Books she can read
Lord be with you
The best First Lady ever!!
Melanie we are so thankful u r our 1st Lady. Merry Christmas
while your husband cuts medicare ?! you ho
Adorable first lady
What are you doing there? You live in New York. If not then why are there Federal Marshals and half the NYPD spending our tax dollars protecting your apartment?

Sadly, Tragically the United States, which is a wealthy country, is next to the bottom of the World Health Organizations health care, criteria. There are 11 top Health Care countries, Canada is one. look up the rest you would be amazed who they are.
It's just that your prayers are needed for the very people you spoke of struggling with health issues. Here in Canada we have universal health care.
Yes, because the President and his people after seven years of the republicans trying, NO Health Care Bill. and wish to repeal what Obama Care people had left and more people signing on to Obama Care. This has nothing at all to do with you Melania....
Thank you for reading to our kids! Very important to model to our parents and kids the importance of reading.
you are a beautiful person inside and out
You ppl disgracing our First Lady, will pay the piper when he comes collecting. You could destroy an anvil with a rubber mallet.
Great job Melania. Sorry that many people are so near sighted and selfish.  Bettyjohnson
I have chronic calcified pancreatitis, been cut off of meds.  so yhea right.   hope they don't need pain meds, they will get a tylenol
Will you make home visits to them when they are without childcare????
Merry CHRISTMAS FLOTUS....BLESS U AND  YOUR FAMILY...KARMA ON THE HATERS WHO HATE ON U...
Why aren't you fighting for children health insurance. You are a Fake everything.
You are such a sweet angel. God bless you and keep you safe. I feel the holy spirit with you. Please train your husband so you dont go down with the ship. Bless you and Barron
holy shit I didn't know you could read.
How about, instead of thoughts and prayers, we make sure they have access to health care through Medicaid if they need it. And that their parents get a living wage, paid time off, and a safety net so they can care for their kids instead of worrying about their jobs and bills?
be sure to read how the Trumps stole  healthcare it’s a classic #chip #trumpstolehealthcare
Maybe your husband should have provided health insurance for these kids instead of sending you out to read a book. Really!!!! How stupid are you?

Thank you for caring so much.
God bless you and your family. 
Let's especially pray for the ones who have no health ins thanks to you and your 
Will you be reading those books in English or will they be picture books lmao


JUST IN: Trump accusers demand Congress investigate sexual harassment claims http://hill.cm/40hHfyl  
We love you First Lady.

http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
Really and who read the book to you?  Certainly not your husband, because he can't/won't read.


So grateful that we have a president and first lady that loves our country and loves the American people thank you. And I would like to wish you and president Trump a very merry Christmas
We love our first lady.
Great job to support those kids in the holiday season 
Merry Christmas and happy new year !!
you have great symphony heart , love  lot
Please don't let the children's healthcare fail
Reading through these comments is disgraceful 2C so many attacking an innocent woman-Melania is doing great things 4 the USA & u ppl bash her-It’s down right psychopathic!She didn’t run 4 POTUS & I’m glad I didn’t believe Dems,”I’m for women  ” at yourselves! 4 God’s sake!
Always leading the way @FLOTIS for your love for children and especially those in need. Thank you

CHIP NEEDS YOUR ATTENTION Help All our kids stay Healthy.
I pray for all the kids and adults that are victims of the epidemic of politicians sex crimes running rampant on our nation. @FLOTUS @POTUS and nobody else speaks out against it. Shame.
Have to ask yourself what kind of creep you're married to when you can't even speak out against the 1000s of allegations of sex crimes from all levels of govt on both sides...
love our First Lady such class
Didn’t know you could read.
You did a good job reading the story.
Thank you for your honorable and important work!
Again thoughts and prayers 
Merry Christmas. ....
Yeah, dole out those thoughts & prayers cuz your husband is gonna rip healthcare from millions & Congress won't fund CHIP for millions of kids. But yeah, thoughts & prayers - all the GOP can do apparently.
#TrumpTaxScam 
#TrumpSexProbe 
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
#TrumpToo 
#TrumpRussia
Bless You! So like Jesus!!!!!!!!Amen!!
U go ma’am. Ur doing a wonderful job. Ur love for people is as big as ur husband my commander in chief. My Jesus always shine on u too. Love u guys a lot. Take care, merry Christmas my First Lady
#FLOTUS can READ??
How about making health insurance affordable?
That's so thoughtful of you, Melania! (^_^) They have loved it, beyond a shadow of a doubt!!! They will gladly remember and cherish the time you spent with them. (^_^)
We love you.  You are kind,  gentle and beautiful inside and out.
Please encourage your husband to stop sabotaging healthcare for Americans-we would all like our families to have Healthcare as good our reps that we pay for!
Praying for all the sweet children. Thank you for being such a wonderful, elegant caring beautiful First Lady!  #proudofourflotus
Praying for all children and adults who have to spend Christmas in the Hospital.  Thank you for all you do Melania.
Melania, our children don't need your thoughts & prayers, they need good healthcare and tax breaks for the poor & middle class, keep your thoughts & prayers
How are Donald's bone spurs coming along? Don't seem to bother his golf game.
and all of those "brave patients" are being screwed by your husband and the GOP.   Funny how Donnie and the rest don't give a damn about those who are "struggling with health issues".   Do you even think when you post such hypocritical garbage?
can you say "holiday" isn't it "Christmas" only?
You are so kind, we are so lucky!
We need single payer health care
Just stop acting. We know how fake and awful you and your husband are.
Our First Lady you're so thoughtful for the needy .!!!!!

Use my book: Jesus Helps Santa and Saves Christmas Day
Hello
You are a most elegant intelligent beautiful first lady for the first time in a long time I am proud to be an American because I don’t love America because this place was not my America God bless you first lady
You are a Blessing and a breath of fresh air, God Bless you & yours.
Thank you  so much for your leadership in helping to bring the true meaning    of Christmas to the those children in need. God bless you and your family, First Lady Melania Trump. 
What do you think helps more... CHIP or your book reading? Don’t tag @childrenshealth unless you put your money where your mouth is. First Lady Hillary Clinton wrote the CHIP book, its disingenuous to post this like you’re doing anything to advance actual health for children.
God Bless You First Lady Melania  your caring nature is beautiful!
Love what you do FLOTUS!  You emit great class!
Remember our family and friends in Puerto Rico who are still struggling
Calm down guys the lady doesn’t even give a shit about none of you she just care about money and power like her puppet husband
Thanks to republicans, thoughts and prayers is about all most people will have instead of healthcare.  Sell your crocodile tears elsewhere, @FLOTUS  RT
Every young man needs his first most meaningful relationship...his first dog.Where oh where has the first pup gone?A Christmas pup would be the beginning of that special bond that will carry through his lifetime.
Please help keep them insured so they can afford treatment!
You go FLOTUS
We love you and would love to see you make the US understand your quest
Be careful angel
Pleas also pray that chip program will be funded

How can you ask us to pray for people with health issues while your husband strips them of healthcare and money to help feed and shelter them? As far as internet bullying,your husband is #1
#Christmas is coming soon. If you want you to create a #Christmas_intro? Please check :
She should be the President
keep up the good work!
Absolutely angel and Adam is a fantastic loving eye opening children's or Adult book. Enlightenment,  love,  caring all in 60 page's

I am so appreciative of your initiatives may God bless you with every endeavor
" we will never walk alone" ! whole patient who are vaulting them critical sickness. Don't give up. Be alive as visionary ! God bless them, whole civilians pray to them. Merry Christmas. Gods and Lords are observing them, and absolutely give them such an good spirit to struggle !
Next time you read to children, show them the pictures as you read the words, kids love the pictures
Your doing an awesome job as the First Lady!
Don't listen to #Resistance ,their ideology leads to ruins throughout history.
To read a book ! Excuse me Flotus! What is your role in the WH ? What exactly are you going to be remembered for ?.. haven't heard much .. maybe your staff can educate us ? We want to know .. cause we don't !... thank you .
First Lady of America.Thank you.
Very kind, Mrs.Trump.
Big hug and citizen kiss for our First Lady !!

Everyone keep them in your thoughts and prayers, this is far more useful than the government giving everyone free health care.
Thank God for you and your tenacity to get stronger and wiser as #FLOTUS
America loves u !!!!!!!!!!
Love and prayers? U r kidding? How about raising the minimum wage? Giving them health insurance? Lowering the price of medicines? Having more Medicaid & food stamps for the needy? THAT’S WHAT THEY NEED!!
Veldig søt av deg,Melania 
People are so hateful! Their hearts must have turned to stone many years ago to be this hateful. I pity them that they don’t know Love.
In Jesus name Amen!!! Thank you for taking the time to give some much needed attention, to these brave little souls. Constantly sending prayers, and positive thoughts your way.
#Godblessthechildren 
#GodBlessAmerica 
T'es vraiment une sale hypocrite. Un jour la verité va eclater et ton #sugardaddy ira en #prison.  #Deguelasse #Hypocrite #WhatAboutCHIPfor9MILLIONkids???????????????????
That k you for keeping Christmas about what a blessing we were given. Unto us a child is born......
While you're at it, tell your husband @realDonaldTrump to quit bullying. It's highly unbecoming of POTUS.
Thank you FLOTUS  You  rep us well
