Great represention there for the black community. Full Marks!
Good one there with that Plantation reference, pops. Great comeback. 
Ok there snow flake...lol
“ICE has arrested a U.S. army veteran who served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and has two U.S. citizen children. His name is Miguel Perez Jr. and he has lived in the U.S. since he was 8 years old”
Maybe you can wear a suit in a color that shows your opposition to this travesty. #FirstLazy
The right would love to! Not so sure the left is willing!
Word, I'm sure they do.
Is that why this little get-together last year was called the UNITE THE RIGHT rally?
Boy, your really reaching! There is always a few bad apples that can call themselves anything.
I like this American "bad apples" reasoning. You mention some rotting fruit, and poof the issue disappears.
Bad apple cops. Bad apple mass shooters. Bad apple sexual assaulters.
Fun.
I have no idea what your trying to say! Oh, nevermind your to far out there!
 It's ok darling. Keep voting Trump 

I guess "grammar Nazi" is a nazism the left are good at. Here:
There *are always (plural)
*too far (not "to")
When you want to say "you are" use *you're, not your.
I know, it's all good! I'm pretty dam happy! And yes, I will keep voting for Trump!
Girl...please stop...did your secretary pen this memo?...I'll give it one year after this is all over for your unscrupulous husband...and your outta there...dragging mini-me Trump with you...how embarrassing for you...a sad page in history is your story...and you deserved it all.
Girl bye! Try telling that to your trash A husband 1st before fixing your mouth to address us right now. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #hypocrisy
Thank you First Lady.
MOM DONT SUPPORT THE DEVIL

i like this
Tell it to your old man!
When we witness your living this sentiment in your own backyard first, then such posts from this account might be worthy of even a glance.
Just nasty.
I see those factory Russian bots are out in force again.
When will your Husband join in on this celebration?  Just wondering...
Or perhaps you aren't the person to ask.  I assume you don't talk to him any longer...
Give me a break! This coming from a Trump is soooooo lame! By the way, how's that initiative to stop bullying coming along?
Beating your husband to the real things happening in the country.
#StopAfrinGenocide
Your husband should start off #BlackHistoryMonth apologizing to the  five teenage black children, who were WRONGLY accused and convicted of beating and raping a woman in Central Park. Remember when he paid 85,000 taking out this ad in NYC papers? #metoo
Kharey Wise: “This was my first rape.”
Kevin Richardson: “Raymond [Santana] had her arms, and Steve [Lopez] had her legs. He spread it out. And Antron [McCray] got on top, took her panties off.”
“We charged her. We got her on the ground. Everybody started hitting her and stuff. She was on the ground. Everybody stompin’ and everything. Then we got, each—I grabbed one arm, some other kid grabbed one arm, and we grabbed her legs and stuff. Then we all took turns getting
You mean less white people?
GF really???? 
Really? Lyin' Donnie Trump defends the white supremacists and you issue a statement like this? Donnie likes Escorts, Soft Porn models, and Porn Stars.
You don’t know anything about celebrating diversity....
I know she is a human being like you who's past may not have been so squeaky clean. I think she is totally beautiful and claasy

Like your husband came together with this woman
God bless you my first lady
Stay in hour lane. Nobody believe you. #Sitdown #StayInYoLane
Don't tweet.
Neither should you!
Not only diversity among us, but  also to celebrate Unity as Citizens of these Great United States of America. God bless you @FLOTUS.
Hi. Your husband is a giant racist. Have a good day.
Name some black history? Especially since your husband keeps disrespecting all black folks
Tell your husband and then remind him and yourself that you are a immigrant
Really
Salt and Pepper - the most coveted mix of all flavorings!

Hats off to our African American brothers and sisters!!

Gee, wonder why your husband hasn't mentioned it yet? That's right-he's a racist!
did you ever thank Michelle for your speech!
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
You husband wouldn't have let that happen
God Bless America. And our History.
Enough tweeting and go buy a Prada bag...  You will never top Hillary or Michelle as First Lady...

Maybe tell your husband that - he seems to have forgotten. 
#BlackHistoryMonth
Girl, get out while you can. You’re better than him!!
You need help
I really do. Because this alternate universe we are living in maddening. Thank you for noticing and for your concern.
I do feel a lot dumber having to deal with all you bots and mouth breathers. You aren’t completely useless, though. Let’s keep talking. I really think we’re getting to the roots of my issues. 
Oh about as long as you’ve been a stain on humanity....since birth, I presume 
Are you assuming my gender?
To those commenting sarcasticly and rude to such a genuine tweet, that is divisiveness. That's the issue. She is celebrating diversity yet she still receives backlash from it.
Yes but she married Trump.  He bashes disabled people. Diversity is not just about the color of our skin either. Look at diversity of women who still are put down by men. Melania is trying but she stays in the background like the family pet.
So, if a woman marries wife beater, should she be ridiculed for that as well? I don't think a wife should be held responsible for the transgressions of her husband, that is unless she an complicit or an accomplice, which in this case, I seriously doubt it.
She's a wiping post and she walked right into it all...no backbone...no one feels sorry for her...she wanted a mansion and yacht and this is her price.
You mean no Democrat feels sorry for her. And FYI: she was a millionaire with I'm sure a mansion and yacht before she met Donald Trump. So much for empowering, praising, supporting women. I guess that only applies if you have D in front of your name and I don't mean D for Donald.
Oh...and she had no mansion...or yacht.
Did you Google that and did it specifically say"No, she does not own a mansion und a yacht?" Lol! How many mansions and yachts do I have?
No Google, Jackie. I watch the History Channel...you should try it. Elmer Fudd, was quoted saying "I'm a millionare. I own a mansion and a yacht, not Melania!" Ask anybody on your Ham Radio.

All the 11 other months
Are you kidding? That would be the day. We'd be  called racists, or "White Supremacists" - wait - we are anyway.  But that's how "minority supremacy" works.
Called Racist? It’s pretty obvious from your tweet that you ARE racist.

They'll never learn. We're about to find out that the collusion was against the Trump campaign,  so liberals are about to have a meltdown.  I wonder if they'll scream at the sky, or start beating up conservatives and tell us how hateful we are.
Yes let's celebrate the first Black family in the Whitehouse 
#BlackHistoryMonth
We did!
We appreciate the dignity and class you bring to the Whitehouse Melania.  Light begins with embracing everyone and accepting our values as Americans.
Thank you, Mrs Trump.  Please beat this message into your husband. He's the ring leaders of pretty much everyone who does not want to celebrate diversity.
Yes!!! Every American citizen celebrates our strong diversity of our fabulous nation.  #BlackHistoryMonth 

Thank you @FLOTUS 
Is she REALLY a citizen.  Never showed her papers as promised.  Hmm 
I don't think she has to be a citizen. But she had no reason to lie any way.  Doesn't benefit her in any way.
Except for the fact the dotard @realDonaldTrump married an illegal immigrant.
She's not "illegal"
Your husband is @realdonaldtrump.

Don’t pretend to care about blacks and their #shithole countries.
Today marks the start of #BlackHistoryMonth Let this be a time to come together in a celebration of diversity.
At least you know they're shitholes.
Another TrumpTrash.
Where's the lie, shitlib?
Tje fact you fail to acknowledge that Cairo and a bunch of other cities in Africa look better than your neighborhood.
.@The_Grey_Fox_’s timeline is almost devoted to trash talking the black community.

Anyone who still supports Trump now is a racist enabler, ergo a racist.
This one probably has a stash of white sheets and crosses in their basement.

I await his reply and block - what they do.
And yall have nothing to say but call me a racist because the truth hurts.
What truth? The truth of what you happen to cherry pick in your bias little mind.
Diversity? Clue your lying, cheating husband in on diversity!
And tell us when Mocho Obama celebrated WHITE HISTORY MONTH... OH I GUESS WE DON'T HAVE ONE... you are a Fine FLOTUS bad thank you for marrying our President proud of both of you
blacks are racist
Today is first Friday of the month and I pray at the Holy Trinity for you and the POTUS.
*Blackness ... A celebration of Blackness 
There's Nothing diverse aboit the original of abstract mentalities...  The birt place of all knowledge,  wisdom and architecture mathematics has yet to see it's proper prize... #AffluenzaHypocrisy
You forgot slavery.
Actually,  slavery is a human condition forced into the psyche of innocent children who are beginning to look genuinely more sane and sound than the media presentations... contentious dementia has folks by the nature of their integrity   ##theTreeDisease
Yeah, sure. Take another hit off that pipe.
Your husband needs history lesson on who makes up America.  I can trace my roots in this nation to my first known ancestor, Cupid Plummer, born 1720 in Maryland, fought in Revolutionary War; family history enshrined in @SmithsonianACM ; "American" means more than just being White
Help me
Tell that to your husband.
Please keep your mouth shut and just model the clothes (PS when are you going to launch your anti bullying program?)
This is a very sweet tweet.  Have you met your husband?  He’s a racist.  So please shut up. Move out of the WH and go back to the Trump Tower.  PLRASE
How exactly is he racist?
#USAWELOVEAPARADE
Don't listen to haters. You speak 5 languages and have traveled the world since you're sixteen.
 you have your own money from modeling . And you're gorgeous. Diversity you have!!!!
But what if your from a shithole?
Tell your husband that.
Thank you so much Mrs. Trump.  We appreciate all you do in including all Americans.  You are a blessing and are in our prayers.  By the way, as always you looked stunning at the State of The Union.  Thank you!

Don't tell us. Tell your husband. #TrumpIsARacist #ShitholePresident
Did you not hear you @realDonaldTrump’s #fear mongering and deceptive #SOTU speech?  #hypocrisy

I agree
How about we send ICE your way.
#ICE
Hater hate that what make them happy sad life
Hola. S. O. S.  V
Your husband actually called Black people “lazy“
Thanks Melania.
How's that anti online bullying campaign going? Judging by the disgusting trolling and incessant bullying by your busband, I'd say not well. How does all that hypocrisy taste? Does your solidgold toilet make up for it?


well put #FLOTUS. you are a very classy lady. thank you for all you do.
So much class...
You are a great wonderful lady and person. Thank you for standing up for all people in this day of divisiveness. I hope that you and our President can bring our country together again.
Amen our country needs it 
Together we can make this the best country ever, United States of America 
No more Black History Month . Replace with all Americans Year .
IM CURIOUS BUT....... WHY ?
How about... No  . Our little 1 month is well deserved. Kiss our black asses. We celebrate white history year round so stop it . Let's just call this a small portion of our reparations we still haven't received. 
Yeah whatever you say homie  
We are with you in coming together & celebrating diversity.
The peak of #hypocrisy: birther Melania married to a racist pretends she cares for #BlackHistoryMonth.
Haha. Right!! Nice try. We know who you're married to, and where you stand. Your words mean zero, nada!!
Shows your ignorance
Hii
Does this apply to your husband as well?
I would imagine he loves diversity too. You have been brainwashed. Illegal immigration is just that, illegal. Legal immigration is what America is based upon. Name me one country where you can migrate to without going through a citizenship process... I'll wait.
You need to talk to your dam Husband
If only your husband could be more like you.
Did you ever apologize for the birther issue against President Obama?
Wake the hell up. You been deceived
There is the African American History Museum right down the street from your house FLOTUS. Go visit that one this month. You can learn about our true US History, not the one written in our classroom history books.
When they went before,  the POTUS was more concerned about ticket sells than what was in the museum.
My son and I went it was free.
So interesting since your husband is such a bigot
We the people of America celebrate Black History because we care about what people have gone through. Your husband is taking us backwards!
Oh honey, look at the guy you married. You’re not fooling anyone.  Remember how you supported donnie’s birther lies?
Tell your husband that
Tone deaf and disingenuous.
Then WHY don't YOU set the EXAMPLE, and STOP BEING a RACISTS?????
Is this pic really on the nightstand?
Use yur head, Melania or the freak w/ the gigantic boob job?  Its an easy answer.
You are beautiful and doing an amazing job in your role as FLOTUS! Thank you...

Please let your husband and his coworkers know :). Btw you looked beautiful in your white pants suit at the State of the Union !!!!
How can we come together in a celebration of diversity when your husband goes out of his way to divide this nation?
You mean oboma
Yuhyy
You do know you married a racist?
You overstayed your visa (illegal immigrant) and your parents are here thanks to #chainmigration . I celebrate your American story.
Why is our history still being relegated to 1 month? Every month is black history month and we'll accept NOTHING less
shoot,  in some public schools and a LOT of private Christian schools they're teaching that we were no enslaved but came her to work for  pay.

Isn't this your husband? Now explain #BlackHistoryMonth again.

https://www.cbsnews.com/pictures/wild-donald-trump-quotes/12/ …

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/01/15/opinion/leonhardt-trump-racist.html …

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/feb/17/central-park-five-donald-trump-jogger-rape-case-new-york …
If you haven't read this, you need to.
Donald is an absolute f_ _ktard!
Your family first.
Teach your hubby @POTUS what's actually 'diversity' means, we all good out here
You speak of things you know nothing of.
Why not tell your husband.
As a black woman I have been thru much, but I have never been thru the hate and disrespect that you and POTUS are going thru. Your family is amazing and thank you for the sacrifices you and the President are making for our country! God is in control.
Funny, how your husband is a birther and continues with his racist rhetoric...I read you supported the birther movement too...so not much in your words!
Lol.

Melania, that is very well summarized! Short and sweet, but with a good taste.  You are to give lessons to your husband.  You are keeping the country together! Thank you for showing kindness and concern for all...
Other than waisting our tax money and donating Dr. Seuss books, how is she keeping our country together?
Happy #BlackHistoryMonth
Stomach Daniels she beautiful than Malaina Trump. She said Trump like to be spanked. I would love to be a fly in their bedroom
you are a joke
**-
What do you know about it. Get real
You agreed with your husband Obama's birth certificate.
By the way, when will you show us your papers?
Seriously though, I hope you are doing better.  Stormy weather today.
That will take us out of all this misery
Tell you husband to stop picking on black people.
Hey @realDonaldTrump. Even @FLOTUS knows what month it is. How's that Make America White Again working out for you?
Okay, everybody. Let’s just take @FLOTUS’s post at face value. It’s a positive comment which all decent ppl would agree with. It IS nice to celebrate diversity. Never mind her husband. Melania can’t do much with him either.
I would like to believe this. Could you do something for me, could you come out into public and help heal our country by taking an active part in this? Hold interviews with schoolchildren, give a platform for black activists, anything? We need people to be louder for positivity.

What mind games of obliviousness are you playing with us??Have you been to your husband's rallies??
#birther

Except that your boss prefers to celebrate with people coming from Norway.
Me too!
You're a racist.
Tell that to your husband - seriously
Mature.  Our president has never drank, smoked or used drugs in his life.  Like a cheeseburger is terrible!?  Prob healthier than many of us........thought you liberals were all about tolerance!?  
You can't run as a racist and then pretend that shit didn't happen
Tell it to your Husband!!.
My skin in brown Ms Trump. No African American . African and any type of people are black. So please refrain from calling us by your people slave label. Thank you. #trumping #upliketrump
Or any other type of people*
oh yea...wasn't your husband sued for not renting to people of color?
That's a good point, however, if we are called to a higher calling we MUST choose the HIGHER. God knows the true intent. This lady  hasn't done anything that I'm aware of except  marry a person who lacks integrity among other things.  Grace & Mercy.
I hope your husband takes your tweet to heart, but I doubt it.
You need to tell the guy you made the mistake with and married!  Your to good for him- you deserve a faithful man not a dude that cheats, lies, deceives!

Thank you, let us celebrate actual accomplishments by the black community instead of the monkeys that block highways and expect not to get run over.
Haha this is a joke, right? Your husband was diverse with the women he sexually harassed and cheated on you with. Celebrate that. And while you’re at it, show us your immigrantion paperwork.
Omg just stop. You are disgusting
https://produto.mercadolivre.com.br/MLB-695610293-biquini-de-croch-com-bojo-somente-parte-de-cima-_JM …
Your husband doesn't even like black people.
Explain to your husband that #BlackHistoryMonth does NOT mean that blacks should be history. I think he gets too excited about that one.
Your husband is a racist. Did you know that he cheated on you with a porn star and then paid her hush money?
<vomit>
MAYBE YOUR SHOULD REMIND YOUR HUSBAND!
Except those shit hole places... right melania??!!!  You know, Donald puts you and your kid last... why would he put blacks first??
Perhaps you are sincere in making this comment.  I don't know.  However, since your husband is so obviously racist, your comments are ridiculed. I suggest you actually DO something as First Lady to help our country.
Pres Trump  NEEDS to get his computer back online.  We have massive fraud,  and a "Gloria" faker FBI in your area.
I hope whatever he pays you is worth it, Melena. If there’s a cool spot in hell, I hope you don’t get it.
Hi Malenia

Remind your cheating husband @realDonaldTrump
I just love you, you are so humble, graceful, honest and decent, not divisive at all, despite inappropriate,
undeserved criticism. You're the best Flotus we've had in 26 years, tied with Barbara Bush for best in 58 years. Thank you. You were an immigrant like my mom was.
But you wanted to see president Obama birth certificate!
Your husband supports the people who don't like others.  Do you really want to be married to that?
We love Melania!
Gotta love those racist porn stars, right?
Thank you so much,congrats. Melania love you.
Happy #BlackHistoryMonth
Chico Marx Modality (C.M.M) 'Yep' if 1's a 'K.K.K' = 'Skull & Bones' = 'W.A.S.P' Mafia hoodlum'.
Charlottesville says "hi" ...
Wondering how that anti bullying campaign is going?
#FreeMelania 
Why you are the best @FLOTUS in a long time!
F.U.
