
Liberal Logic: If we ban guns, no one will be able to get them.







Melania trump is the greatest 1st lady ever
Reality says otherwise.
Try saying that when you get there.
Is there another FLOTUS who is possibly an illegal immigrant who chain migrated her family here and met her husband at a party hosted by Paolo Zampoli, who was later arrested for providing high end "escorts" to wealthy NY businessmen? #Cult45
Savage! Too many facts in one tweet confuse people. STOP! 
I am surprised she wasn't with #StormyDaniels at the #Cohen hearing
This is what the left does...definition of insanity.
And this is what sad racist #Cult45 idiots do,  retweet absolutely fake stories
BREAKING: Malia Obama SUSPENDED by HARVARD After Racist Anti-White Attack Goes Viral: “Sometimes the only thing that keeps me going is the fact that they will be blended out by the time I am 30,” Malia Obama Harvard speech titled A World Without Whites.   Harvard suspended her.
Exodus 23:25
“So you shall serve the #Lord your #God, and He will bless your #bread and your #water. And I will take #sickness away from the #midst of you.
Romans 13:5-7
Therefore you must be #subject, not only because of #wrath but also for #conscience’ #sake. For because of this you also pay #taxes, for they are #God’s #ministers attending continually to this very #thing. #Render therefore to all their due: #taxes [1/2]
to whom #taxes are due, #customs to whom #customs, #fear to whom #fear, #honor to whom #honor. [2/2]
God bless you Melania! Never forget how many are behind you and MrPresident! We will support you % in everything you do!
How can anyone support 100% of everything any president does? That's just absurd and very scary. I am a huge fan of President Obama, and yet did not follow in lockstep every one of his decisions.
Well. That didn’t take long. I have all the faith and knowledge in the world to KNOW that Our President is absolutely looking out for the BEST INTEREST of the forgotten men and women of THIS NATION~ The Great USofA! It’s called FAITH you see. I KNOW he will not let us down!
So Bridget, have you seen your wonderful and Christian president talking about women on a bus recently? You support everything you say...
I do. What are you referring to?
AHH I see. I don't talk like that about any other human being because I believe we are all equal. By you're assumption then, I am a pussy. Thanks for that.
Is that all you do? Visit, pose, visit, pose, visit, pose?
This is the same pose she used at the Wailing Wall.
Yeap! Visit, pose, visit, pose, visit, pose...
When she dies that what Melania is going to be remembered for as the FLOTUS that did a lot of visit, pose and other things that I am not going to mention. 
I bet she'll get two or three Tweets out of this over the next few days.  She visits someplace or holds a meeting maybe once a week or once every two weeks then just posts about it multiple times so people think she is actually doing something.
You know all about what she does?
Just follow her Twitter thread.  You'll see the same pattern.  She has one appointment and her staff Tweets about it for the next several days.  She does something about every two weeks.  Nothing since Macron on April 26th.  Not very involved in the FLOTUS role.
Which is fine.  It is her choice but then she should not receive the praise of being a great FLOTUS.


President’s attacks regarding porn stars paid by the Democrats for a supposed encounter years ago proves the Dems are in deep trouble. The indictments are coming  and 5he desperate attempts to get a successful President are obvious
You are an amazing FLOTUS & your compassion shows more and more as time goes on !! 
God Bless 
Nice...were you saying how nice she was when she was farting out that @BarackObama wasn’t born in the United States?
Why are all his records sealed? No other president had sealed records.
Melania has a heart of gold
You mean she digs for gold.
I think she's a pretty good person from what I've seen.
Good she is good? Name something. Throwing herself to a man for money is not a good person.
In case you don't know all women throw their self for money, strength, status and all that stuff. What I'm referring to is her compassion. Don't come at me sideways dude. I'll come unglued on you real quick.
Bahahaha, she's a golddigger. Where did she suddemly come by all this compassion? Your admiration should be for people who spend their lives in the service of others, not someone who compassion overnight. 'Don't come at me sideways... ' seriously, that's hilarious.
I am glad to see you honoring the victims of the pharmaceutical industry today.  I would say I hope you can convince your husband to act against them but I'm not sure how much he could really do in the few days he has left as president*
Actually chronic pain patients think it’s a pretty bad idea to arbitrarily lower prescriptions by 1/3 in a year when the vast majority of opioid deaths come from fentanyl laced illicit drugs. Whatever happened to the party that didn’t want government involved in their healthcare?
No, sorry! The reason for the deaths may be fentanyl or heroin, but most started from a doctor with a less potent drug. Learn WTF you're talking about before you run your BS mouth.
Wow.  He's actually dead on..... What qualifies YOU to know what you're talking about and to say that his opinion is BS?
I don’t understand why he’s so angry. Is it because I am critical of the Trump administration on this one issue? We don’t have to all agree 100% of the time on every single issue.
This is the ONLY subject I disagree with Trump on. And even so, I'm hoping by attacking it he's got a reason behind it. Because he's too intelligent to not see how stupid it is to interfere with legal opioid use
It's the way He operates.

You think He is throwing a Right...

When, You are struck with a Left.
Well I support him and will continue to do so. I think there is an inordinate amount of disinformation out in the public square regarding this issue. Just this week there was another article talking about how opioid prescriptions dropped again for 2017.
The CDC falsified the numbers! His advisors have been lying to him! THIS HAS TO STOP BEFORE MORE LAY HOME BOUND & BEDRIDDEN SUFFERING HORRENDOUSLY FROM INJURIES and/or DISEASE THROUGH NO FAULT OF THEIR OWN!
https://edsinfo.wordpress.com/2018/04/16/its-time-to-reconsider-the-cdcs-guidelines/ …

PLEASE HEAR OUR TEARS!
100% agree
Veterans they taught us the skills to defend this great nation.
We used our bodies as bullet shields fighting their wars.
When we returned home, they abandoned us!
We became a burdened to be exterminated. 

NO MORE!

Here's how to FIGHT BACK!
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/filing-a-federal-civil-tort-against-the-va-congress-882662eb6ea9 …

#Betrayed

Why stoop to that level? She didn't ask for any of this.
What level? It's a fact. Is that not a picture of 45 and the first lady? It is.  She is a homewrecking escort that immigrated over, had an anchor baby, chain migrated her parents over too, doesn't contribute anything other than maybe cyberbullying maybe opioids. 
Why are you so full of hate and intolerance?
I'm not. If you feel that trump and his administration's bullying and vulgar ways are acceptable and should not be meet with the same tact, that's on you. Trump gloats about grabbing women by the pussy, and married an escort. Don't lecture me on morals.
I'm not lecturing you at all. You're taking shots at her... Why? She hasn't said or done anything wrong.
Keep up the great job. I’m a Democrat and a supporter of yours.  Keep carrying yourself as a professional woman and great mom. @FLOTUS 
What did she do that was professional?
Carry herself professionally and don’t respond to her husband matters either business and personal.
That’s not professional. Either she’s pathetic with no self respect or he’s paying her a ton of money not to walk out in him during his presidency. That would make her a prostitute.
It’s no one BUSSINESS what @FLOTUS and @realDonaldTrump have going on in their marriage & personal life. As a Democrat I may go after @realDonaldTrump agenda but stay away from there personal life. Just because many Republicans had attacked @HillaryClinton on her husband not me.
You are an AMAZING FIRST LADY  full of class and grace

Some bitter people trolling Twitter today....
Not just today
Our beautiful sweet @FLOTUS  #MAGA

She is so beautiful!
Are we in a pageant?
No. We're not in a pagent. This is what a billionaires wife looks like. He chose wisely, as did she. She is beautiful, naturally. Both genetic, mentally & spiritually. You're looking at the best representing the U.S. Only Geo. Bush jr. had such a wife as beautiful to showcase. 
Yes, they should look like this with all the trainers, diets and plastic surgery
Thank you for bringing attention to this problem
Yes. But that's ALL she's doing. She's done nothing to fix it.
And what have you done except to criticize?
These proud warriors are only the tip of the iceberg of those who could no longer face the agonizing BETRAYAL by the very government which sent them in harms way!

What will happen to the 50,000 wounded veterans from the Middle East since 2001? Are they to suffer as well?
Marines die. That is what we do, but we die for a purpose: to give freedom to those who are enslaved or to maintain freedom for our loved ones. We do not die because of ignorant governmental policies toward palliative care. That is a sin which will be charged to the policymakers.
Joe WRONG! 

We will have our fun with these evil politicians when they join us in HELLo because Marines will rule the place with Chesty leading the way!
They really don't want that. They would be far better off to change their policies to improve palliative care if they knew what was good for them. It would be a very long boot camp. One like they've never seen.
Why doesn’t she ever put her arms inside the coat sleeves? It’s a small thing I know but its such an affectation.
It bothers me, makes her look unapproachable and distant (same thing? IDK).
Wow and Stormy is in federal court today.
I thought the same...its a #smokescreen
and they all flew to Marlargo today for the week
Well they work hard at ripping off our country........
well yes and ashamed of the WH its a dump they have to host Japen in fl this week
If they're so ashamed of the White House why not just pack up and head home?
first president ever to host a head of state someplace other then the WH or Camp David
I’m sure Venue isn’t secure...
How's that bullying campaign going, @FLOTUS?
Yeah.  A memorial will REALLY stop the opioid crisis.  No sense implementing policies, a memorial will take care of it.  Too bad they didn’t think to do a war memorial ever...that would have stopped all the wars.... 
Just like a $30,000,000 parade down Pennsylvania will help the vets! They really don't care!
Yeah.  $55M would fix the water problem in Flint, MI.  But it’s much more important to have a parade to stroke his ego.....
Flint Michigan is a local government problem. Your local government failed you!! Michigan failed you!!! But I agree who needs a parade. It’s a dick wagging thing between North Korea and the USA
It’s not a ‘local problem’.  And for example the EPA clean drinking water act was designed for just such a case.  NOT for Pruitt to give $50k raises to his staff and to take $1m trips around the world
I live in Michigan, I agree about the clean water act. But it’s local government that’s on the hook. They are the one that decided to change from Detroit water to flint water without checking the lines and not reporting the contamination when found.
I’m not saying who’s at fault. But I’m saying who can fix it. Just because they didn’t cause a problem doesn’t mean they can’t fix it. That’s what  the EPA is for

Did you and Stormy coordinate you colors today?
There is hope. In two days I will be celebrating 8 years clean from opioid addiction.  I thank God everyday for giving me the strength to break the chains. #WednesdayWisdom
In case I forget to tell you tomorrow, Happy 8 yrs Anniversary!! I hope you’re extremely proud of yourself because you should be!!
Thank you!
In 2001, Melania Knauss (an obscure Slovenian model) was granted the elite EB-1 or "Einstein visa."
This program is specifically for business execs or people with "extraordinary ability."

Why was she given this very special green card?
#NatlParkServuce
Gee let me see, she speaks 5 languages fluently, was already running her own clothing line and businesses...
You are the moron! Ignore FACTS just because of you rhatred.

Now go piss into the wind #moron
He just gave you facts which you ignored. Who’s the moron?
Please ask your husband to resign. Thanks, America.
Maybe you should move out of the country. Your not going to like the upcoming years. Stop harassing Mrs.Trump - it is her business who she stays married to.
I'm pretty sure I didn't say a damn thing about who she's married too. Maybe that bothers YOU, more than it does me.
You are very angry for a simple tweet. Simple mind?
I'm not angry at all! You're very judgemental. It's just a tweet. Lol
You mean a partnership among the agencies your whoremonger wants to destroy? And how can anyone get the care they need when your whoremonger is destroying medical care? Not too bright, are we, plagiarist and liar about your education?
Please consider supporting research on using #MedicalCannabis CBD THC to treat pain.
Best FLOTUS EVER!!!
How do u figure that, what exactly has she done? So she visits a few memorials, big deal. What about her bulling campaign, she’s done nothing there as promised. Bottom Line, she’s accomplished nothing. She may have the looks but that’s all she has.
You left out she married one of the best presidents this country has ever seen. MAGA2020 we're (conservatives) are gonna make America great again.
 from France
From Puerto Rico 
You are a green card grabbing opportunist and a chain migration enabler. Your husband is a godawful predator and bully. Your platform is bullying. You are a liar.
Again, with the coat falling off. Why why why?
Don't you think you should be backing something closer to home and your heart with @POTUS ? For example, STD prevention and safe sex? @realDonaldTrump could certainly benefit.


I read that tweet (including "Servuce") in the First Lady's voice and it was delightful. She really is one of the bright spots of the Administration.
#StopEverydayKillers #OpioidCrisis 
#RecoveryIsPossible
sometime bad drugs put you in pain to want a pain pill-- that's a fact.
fix                      f.d.a.
Your husband is crazy. You have to give him an issue of dislocation, as he has humiliated and humiliated American women
God Bless you @FLOTUS 
Oh there she is...I was wondering when she was going to show up again.

Dies @FLOTUS kniw they make arms on a coat for a reason? Just once could she actually wear a coat correctly instead of like a cape.
Thank you FLOTUS for bringing attention to this tragic epidemic. White dots represent a life lost to opioid death.  Extremely important Memorial. Never forget, over 100 lives lost a day.    http://www.CrisisNextDoor.gov   website to help.
waste of money you should of used any money to help the living addicted
I would of been in tears... thank you for being strong
The crap is ready to hit the fan.  You should have left a long tome ago.
If only your husband would stop bullying ...
States with medical/legal cannabis have seen opioid overdoses drop by up to 35%.
Stormy just arrived at the court house. She is your husbands dooms day.
I think you're talking to HRC.
Her too, yes.
Is there something wrong with the arms of your coats?  You never seem to use them.
Que guapa es @FLOTUS Increíble !
Day # 450 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) stares at virtual opioid display and contemplates a bleak future. 
@jamesalandarby
My sister is a addict it's very heartbreaking watching her deteriorate and watching what she has become and everything she has lost
My brother was like that until he took Kratom!  https://gaiaethnobotanical.com/product/gaia-welcome-sampler/ …
Best and most caring First Lady of my Lifetime!!! This wonderful lady is treated like dirt from Left/Swamp! True Americans are behind you Mrs. Trump!!!  Troll Trash is just jealous of the CLASS you show each day!!
@realDonaldTrump has shown with his actions how much he cares. This show is for nothing. Stop wasting your time and go home. Tune in to Cohen hearing like everyone. I hear it's a STORMY AFFAIR
So proud to have you as our #FLOTUS
As usual, wandering around an empty space by herself. Melania has to be one of the loneliest, saddest people I've ever seen.
You’re doing amazing work! God bless! 

Well, at least you kept your clothes on. Does Dotard ask you to spank him, too? PeePee on him??
How about a statue of dOnald tRump known as "The Bullying Memorial"?
Again pics of her in new clothes staring at a wall? There is no information of her doing anything but dress and being photographed. And this makes her the laziest and worst FLOTUS ever...I definitively would prefer an ugly FL in Jeans who does something significant...

I hope all the people are able to awake that opioid addiction & drug abuse are the serious problems for our health. Learning how to prevent opioid addiction & drug abuse from our living environment are very important.

My brother is on that list..........RIP Ron! Your pain is gone now.
What about all the death and sickness related to government lead poisoning in Flint, now in Chicago. Or the US government chemically attacking native Americans at Standing Rock. Who's going to bomb us for poisoning our own like your husband illegally did without permission?
Tell your husband to consider putting some Federal Funding behind finding a solution to this epidemic.  Awareness is fine, but he was elected for solutions, not awareness.
Why do you have sleeves on your jackets and coats?
Trick question.
525 initiative.He will be raise awareness with family lost two athletic sons (hockey team captains) to OxyContin overdoses in one night.
MELENIA  When you're not with Donald J trump is he cheating on you
Thank you @FLOTUS for coming to support the @NSCsafety Prescribed to Death Memorial. It was a great honor hosting you this morning. Together we will #StopEverydayKillers

I thought it was only her husband that enjoyed pretend-reading. Now I see she does pretend-reading too. I love it when couples share a passion. I bet they spend hours together quietly pretending to be reading. Maybe they pretend-read stories to each other as well.
I went yesterday, very thought provoking. Also picked up a couple postage paid envelopes for disposing of old medications for my mom - very useful. Then was treated to a bonus - The Spring Tour of @WhiteHouse South Lawn - very impressive. Thanks for a Great Sunday!
We love you beautiful @FLOTUS 
but there is another side to this story... there are chronic pain patients that don't abuse their medicine that are suffering now
people are committing suicide because they can't access their medicine
Praying for all who are in pain that they may heal and find joy again. God Bless
Has Stormy moved into the White House yet?
Leave that cad of a husband. Sooner rather than later. You’re better than that.
How Stupid, this is none of your business!


Prescribed to Death my ass. Please educate yourself between shopping sprees. Chronic pain patients are suffering needlessly and can't get our meds. MME90 shows only less than 1% of patients abuse their meds. More and more patients commit suicide due to untreated pain.
I’ll gladly debate you, I’ve been living with chronic pain for 20 years. It’s time for medical marijuana not opioids that are killing us! BRING IT!
Hello friend
Your husband rapes little girls too.
Save EARTH with INCOME.  1.  LOCAL COMMUNITY DEV. Tourism  2. VARIOUS  RENEWABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR for MULTY Tourism  4. (FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE) GARDEN Tourism.  With  Franchise : VILLA/RESORT.  BEP 6 YEARS as Property.  @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
At least say something about 1st Lady Barbara Bush my god what's wrong with you !!!! You have no Soul !!!!!
