Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the #pure in #heart, For they shall see #God.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
Romans 13:1-2
Let every #soul be #subject to the governing #authorities. For there is no #authority except from #God, and the #authorities that exist are appointed by #God. Therefore whoever resists the #authority resists the #ordinance of #God, and those who [1/2]
resist will bring #judgment on themselves. [2/2]
Thank you for always being such a wonderful beautiful gracious loving caring compassionate host @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP  
#WednedayWisdom

I am an ordinary citizen supporting Prime Minister Abe. I would like you to resolve the issue of abduction of North Korea as soon as possible. Thank you for attaching a blue ribbon badge when Ms.Ivanka come to Japan. There is what you want to deliver absolutely!  Continue→
This painting is a gift from a Japanese cartoonist,Takumi Kobayashi @kaerunba49 (@neto_uyoko) 
横からすみません。
「大草原の小さな家」のメアリーかと思いました。
レーガン大統領も、あのドラマがお好きだったそうです。
(๑❛ᴗ❛๑)۶風力さんお返事ありがとうございます

イヴァンカさんが来日した時に、ブルーリボンを付けて下さったのを覚えてますか？

これはその時のイヴァンカさんを、たくみん先生が描いたものです

#拉致被害者全員奪還
#拉致被害者全員救出
#憲法改正
これたくみん先生書いたんですか( ゜o゜)   すげぇ～    もうたくみん先生の大ファンですが今よりもっと大ファンになりました。ツイッター見てるとりおっちさん英語出きるんですね。りおっちさんもすげぇ～
森さん！！！
たくみん先生の大ファンなんですねー

(人´_｀)こーて！1人3冊ずつ！(たくみん風)
わぁ！
ファンのかがみです！
たくみん先生、よろこびます！
(*´꒳`*)お店で取り寄せしてもらったんだよぉ

でもね、２冊ずつしか買ってないのよ
(たくみんごめんちゃいー)
As long as there's people like you around, there will always be bullying.
What are you, like 12? Picking on someone online, because you don't like their spouse online IS cyberbullying. Any elementary school student will tell you that. I learned to speak without using profanity in grade school. Did that word even taste good coming out of your mouth?
I have never seen a post by a Vet bulling First Lady. You fake thief. 
Are you enjoying more entertaining and R&R at #MarALargo on tax payers dime? 
By "entertaining" do you mean discussing international trade deals? North Korea? Do you even have a clue?
Doubtful she has a clue.

And chain-migrated her parents in.
How many is that "3" OMG, it's not 800,000 thousand and there not on state aid!
Okay, "Debbie," what if I told you they'd murdered someone? Would you say:

How many is that "1" OMG, it's not 800,000 thousand...

No, because if you're against murder, you're against one or eight hundred thousand thousand.

If you're against chain migration, why is this one ok?
Not holding my breath for a lucid answer. 

I mean, eight hundred thousand thousand?
I have no idea what she meant by that.   tRump’s policy is chain migration should only apply to spouses and minor children.   Therefore, Melania’s unemployed Slovenian communist parents should be deported.
Figure it out smart one!
We know what you meant, "Debbie." It's okay because they're white.
How many affairs has your husband had?

Let me know when Trump sells Uranium for Nuclear bombs and makes 120 million in personal gain like Hillary and Obama did.

Nonsensical..... what is this weird altering of their gorgeous family portrait  trying to say?  Nevermind. ..... #MAGA and God bless FLOTUS and POTUS

Stunning!!If this picture isn't #MAGA, I don't know what is. What an absolutely beautiful wedding photo of  the Trump siblings. Eric looks just like Ivanka:)
God bless you, Melania!  You’ve given up a lot of privacy to be our First Lady and we thank you! 
She hasn't given up anything. She wanted money and sold herself to get it - so status idem...
America Loves You!! 

You literally do nothing all day every day, birther. Stop wasting our tax money.
A left'winger criticizing someone for wasting our tax money is like Miley Cyrus criticizing someone for being trashy.
Yeah,  hence Michelle had 22 staffers on tax payer dime.  Collected her and Obama's checks,  flew the paint off Air Force One to Martha's Vineyard,  Spain and everywhere in between while her husband added 11 trillion onto the national debt and they wanna discuss tax money?
Slightly less staff than Laura Bush and the FLOTUS doesn’t “collect a check.” 
Laura Bush had more?

Michelle Obama- 24 

Hillary Clinton- 19

Laura Bush- 18

Melania Trump- 7

Those staffers are paid by TAX PAYERS who "collect a check"
And I’m looking at sources saying Bush had a max of 24-26 based on timing. She  once had 18 & also at times had 24-26. Face it, your argument collapsed. My original tweet stands - Melania Trump is a do-nothing waste of tax $. I’ll also throw in that she lied about her education!
BS! Send me the source and stop making shit up.  I just sent you TWICE now a liberal fact check site. Send me the link or move on.  Have a nice day
LOL You are really freaking out. Check http://politifact.com , http://factcheck.org , http://snopes.com , and http://theguardian.com  to name a few. Since you used politifact you must trust it, so here's a better link for you:
Was Stormy there?
Go away and talk to Hillary
Thank YOU FLOTUS for being so amazing...

Love you @FLOTUS such grace and beauty!!
Euro trash
Who wrote this for her? After all, it was more than one short simple sentence. 
Five languages. ...you still crying over Hillary losing
Pity, those five languages (probably learned in bed) used up the entire capacity of her brain.  That fake "Stepford" smile had to be programmed in separately due to lack of natural emotional resources. 
Still crying. ...another 7years to go...
Dream on! 
God Bless our FLOTUS  our First Lady is always beautiful inside and out. 
Beautiful! love our @FLOTUS 
Sorry to disappoint you but I don’t consider murderers, drug dealers & notorious gang members innocent people. She’s wealthy in her own right, she’s not responsible for the DACA mess & maybe she doesn’t leave her husband because she doesn’t want to.  And she is a first class lady
She worked illegally while on a visitor visa. She lied about having a college degree in interior design. She backed and repeated Trump's birther theory. Her sister, and her parents, are in the USA because of "chain migration". Check your facts, please.
I want to thank all my followers for standing up for me, I truly appreciate it ! 
We're in this together. One for all, all for one.
He breeds hate. Hate turns into to so many ugly things during the metamorphosis stages.
Traipse up to jacksonville and visit brave @USNavy sailors preparing to defend the US in fake wars created by your shitgibbon husband @realDonaldTrump
SMFH! We have been at war since I was born. I'm 60 and every president has engaged. Did you go to school. Ever heard of the class called history? Guess not.
No need to argue with the public school and public college educated individuals they are Beyond brainwashed
You got that right hun!
Homeschool is useless
I personally know dozens of home school Ed children that got scholarships to Harvard, Duke, MIT, u know not what u speak of
I humbly apologize for the generalization. My contention is that few parents have the education, training, and general qualification to set the child for success. Moreover, public education offers rigor, a thing I suspect honeschooling lacks. Your thoughts?
Public schools are too busy teaching PC ism not education I guess they feel since everybody can't be in a student it's not fair for a few
A previous FLOTUS just passed and you say nothing? Where is your decor?
Oh,  she has tweet it?
Melania is very beautiful in these beautiful interiors .
You are so beautiful.
Thank you to a First Lady for sharing. Very nice & I hope all the people are able to enjoy this tour.
Thank you　Mｒｓ　Melania　Trump
So proud of my @FLOTUS  
Love our #FirstFamily and our beautiful @FLOTUS 
FLOTUS elegance & grace
Your family is the best thing for the @WhiteHouse in years.  God bless you all and stand strong.  Wish we had you in Canada
No, we do not.
Was #StormyDaniels or #KarenMcDougal with you and #HonestDonald. 
No...they're probably on CNN
Actually... they are probably with Hannity because Sean and Donny share everything else together.

Love our First Lady!!!
Love our beautiful @FLOTUS
Thank you for your dedication to be a great mentor to our younger generation. You are in our prayers.
And thank you for being such a gracious First Lady. Inspite of all that is going on, the world attacking your husband, we can always seem to count on you to be warm and gracious. As well as a great mom protecting your son. May God Bless you and protect your family.
You are pure class!  

#MAGA

#KAG
I’ve been there! You look beautiful, Melania 
Real Americans support you and our President!
Real Americans are too proud to be cheated on with several porn stars and stay by this cheater.
Real Americans wouldn't allow a shitty father to be do cold to his own little child.
Real Americans would understand what an embarassement this family is for our country.
Maybe stay in Houston after the funeral Saturday and bail on the Cheater-in-Chief.
New from @NYTimes: Ex-Playboy Model, Let Out of Tabloid Contract, Can Freely Discuss Alleged Trump Affair

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/04/18/us/politics/karen-mcdougal-american-media-settlement.html …
Funeral for Barbara Bush is invite only. What makes you think they were invited? Barbara Bush hated @realDonaldTrump.
Mrs Bush  detested #45!
You should show this too ......well you know
So what it's not illegal to sleep with Trashy Women God knows Bill Clinton has had his share in the White House no less. What he did before he was president was his business
Thank you @FLOTUS, Mrs. Abe & @FlaglerMuseum  
It’s disgusting to see a woman holding hands with a man that disrespect her daily ! It’s disgusting also to see how you two waste tax payers money traveling back & forth to Mar-a-Lago ! The only thing people can say is that you are pretty, nothing of substance w you two!!!

Again, the return of a gracious and dignified FLOTUS
Your dress was so beautiful today! 
Melania, a great hostess full of grace.
Love our @FLOTUS
Your grace and charm is what will be remembered by the American People and special visitors.

You pretty much showed how petty people can be. Personally jealous of @FLOTUS because she is the hottest first lady we have ever had! If I was LGBT I would do her. #sexyMelaniaTrump

Thank you for being our First Lady!
 God bless you always our beautiful First Lady 
Thank you for wasting more taxpayer dollars on Mar-a-Lago.
We are so very blessed
U r beautiful and gracious! Always the perfect lady!
 #ZAİNAB
I will be in Florida this weekend on business, Melania.
Are you still in the escort business? I would be honored
if you would accompany me for the weekend
Plz let me know by Friday, if you could
No you need to call stormy she already stated she now gets 75000 now for a date sounds like you would like that or ask bill Clinton see if you can get a lift on the lotita  ass——
i think i'll stick with FLOTUS 
I was already with her 4 years ago, and it was the best $300 i've spent in a while :)
Most First Lady's take visiting wives of dignitaries to all the wonderful historical sites in Washington D.C. not museums where your resort is.
You vant to get high?
I’m sure that was a wonderful experience! Thank you for being a great FLOTUS!
And you should keep your mouth closed!!
Stormy weather!
Hey Melania did any of the wives get close enough to you to ask if you’re doing ok with your husbands extramarital affairs or do they just smile and smile?? do any of them suggest you getting the hell out of Dodge?
Honestly that’s none of your business. What trump and Stormy did- that was consensual and YEARS AGO. it’s honestly not anything to stick your nose in. The only person who should be pissed is Melania herself. But anything to cling on to right?
Your a wonderful human being and a perfect First Lady @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump
She is a sad human being.
Actually you are @1JohnBaron . Try spending a couple weeks helping people vs. Saying you want to help by this ridiculous attacks on good Americans who are actually trying to save the real America. Try reading the constitution and follow it for a while you might be surprised.
Fake FLOTUS !
My family came over as immigrants, I do know what I’m talking about. Don’t threaten anyone on this side of Twitter again. Have a blessed day !
I know a ton about immigration, I have every right to political opinions and wake up in a free country!
I like everything you are doing Melania.
I'm honestly trying to figure out what that is. What is she doing that you like? Real question?
I liked that Hannity was criticizing her .
How can you live with this c...unt?

Beautiful our First Lady Melania god bless you 
Oh were your immigration papers there?
Adore our First Lady 
#FLOTUS

Thank you for being an Amazing First Lady

showing the ladies a good time?

Breathtaking elegance.    “Thank you for sharing FLOTUS and Mrs.Abe. Photos simply do not do justice to the magnificence. So glad you both visited! Breathtaking and opulent beyond all reason.”
Why are you so determined to be a symbol of weakness and anti American sentiment by staying with a man who has constantly cheated on you. The girls of the United States need someone to look up to not an example of what not to be.
You’re First Class!
You are such a elegant and gracious first lady.
Melania is the most inconsequential FLOTUS in my lifetime.  All these moving homages to Barbara Bush really drive this home.  Barbara Bush was someone who cared and who believed in service. She was a FLOTUS we all could be proud of.
Is she still the First Lady 
No, Stormy is, she just lets this old wannabe walk around the place
Is the money really worth it? Leave.  Save your son from a most certain destiny of becoming a despicable man. Buy a mansion in Slovenia.  After your husband is done, that will be a better country to live in anyway.  Oh the irony.
I think they also feel sorry for you for having to be around the mean orange man
Feel remorse for you but you knew what you were getting.  And you Got It!
Franchise VILLA/RESORT BEP 6YEARS ONLY as Property with Save EARTH &
 Save LOVE.  Via : 1. VARIOUS SUSTAINABLE ENERGY Tourism 2.FRUIT-FLOWER 
GARDEN Tourism  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR AS RESOURCES MULTY Tourism  4. 
LOCAL CULTURE & WOMEN COMMUNITY DEV Tourism @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS

Why Japan, again?  Starting up family production plants?
Never forget who you continue to support .... sad
Love our First Lady....

You are definitely beautiful but at times like these don't you wonder what your legacy will be...

Yellow showers
Thank you 
What a dick you are
#ShitholeFamilyMILF
 #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com  
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Love it!
Thank You Flotus 
Thank you for sharing.

 Milan, Italy 
You pose nude for them?
Best First Lady Ever
You are a remarkable 1st lady...class grace intelligence and beauty. .you serve America well
I know you remember me calling you Bigfoot !
Watching tributes to #BarbaraBush last night reminded the world what #TrumpTrash is now in the White House. #Holania
I hope everything got washed down after you touched it. #TrumpFilth #Holania
Ladies and gentleman, I present to you the most USELESS First Lady in history !!!
Anything to get away from Spanky, eh?
Thank you for inviting STORMY!
Remember when she pretended to not know English so she didn’t have to talk to your husband? GO BACK TO DC YOU GRIFTER.
https://www.elle.com/culture/career-politics/news/a46746/japanese-akie-abe-fake-not-speaking-english-to-avoid-trump/ …
YEAP
Thank you for being such a gracious First LADY.

If you are A GOD fearing woman then you would ask the court of GOD to grant you a divorce from an adulterer that has openly talked in words how he want his own daughter by comparing her to the woman he betrays his vows to GOD. Anybody that worships gold for golds sake not for GOD
I killed from my commander in chief without the sight so see that sometimes good men need to say NO. I now follow the highest law and if I believe in the Republic I must voice for GOD not the sins of man and machine. Good men must decide We as a nation have faltered in GODS eyes.

What is it you do??
You must feel SO pathetic next to all the accolades pouring in for B. Bush??
That poor Japanese lady has to be seen in public with you and your disgusting cheating piece of shit husband?!?
Yep, and how’s that cyber bullying thing going with your faithful husband?
I should've copy & pasted this from one of my last tweets. "As long as there are people like you in the world, there will always be bullying." Her work on cyberbullying is much more productive than your, insincere empathy for her marriage.
What marriage. A sheer sham!

Явас очень люблю с мистером Трампом и хотел поправить чтобы вы помогли меня в Армении Ереване получит у посольства США визу , чтобы жить в чистой богатой и гуманной стране где ценят людей.без рассы и национальности!Я буду работать в магазинах или отелях и получит  документы !

A former first lady just died. And your posting about a museum? Some people have question whether you are an active participant in this disgusting behavior of your husband. It’s obvious. You are. I would say show some class but you have absolutely none. #vile


.@FLOTUS is quite pretty when she looks happy.  It’s a shame that she so seldom looks happy.

@BarackObama…
What about those pic, check it out!!
I hope she was safe from Donald during the visit.
So are we still going to pretend like Katie Johnson never came forward and accused Donald Trump of raping her when she was 13? Retweet this y'all. 
prostituta
Praying for our First Lady that tomorrow's attendance to the Funeral goes smooth! You sure are a brave lady paying your respects to the Bushes. Be safe in the pool of piranhas that will be there. We love you!! 
I have made cake first experience! How about this?
Why R you still there,,,,sell your story, leave the fossil behind, save your son at the very least!!
lol, this lady’s married to a guy who watches prostitutes piss the bed and fucks porn stars beind her back.

Beautiful  #MAGA
I will make your dynamic website using php for $5 on 
#Fiverr 
#HTML5,
  #PHP, 
#javascript, 
#bootstrap, 
#web_application
 #dynamic_website
https://www.fiverr.com/s2/97a47e5ebd 
If there is nothing to hide, no one will be fired.
you're absolutely useless.
Went there a couple of years ago! Beautiful history!
Blessings from Canada!
How are you making out with your bullying campaign? Not so good I see because Donny Little Hands keeps on his bullying full time.
#FakeFLOTUS 
You can escape any time girl! 
Find your self respect!
It is a very cool and beautiful place
Please stay away from the Bush's as they mourn the loss of their family member. Your husband has repeatedly called them names like all great bully's do
All I want to say is you are one beautiful first lady you're very gracious you're very caring and you have a heart of gold I am behind you and our president 100 in 10% be safe and I'd love to meet you someday. m.s.

Thank you for being such a gracious host to all who visit our country, Mrs. Trump.  #ProudAmerican

Says the third wife of the most obnoxious pig to live af 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.  Go to Florida on your own dime.  Spending tax payer money at alarming rates.  So glad that #StormyWeather is coming your way!  #ImpeachTrump #StormyWeather #MuellerTime
Lovely museum and great cafe too
@FLOTUS #MrsAbe Good Afternoon! Thanks for your hard work as #FirstLady Your doing a great job at the @WhiteHouse Hope everyone had a nice day at the @FlaglerMuseum Prayers you, @realDonaldTrump @AbeShinzo @JPN_PMO & families have a wonderful & safe evening...God Bless! 

Good Job @FLOTUS

Did Stormy attend as well?

Thank you FLOTUS. It's refreshing to have beauty grace and intelligence back in the White House.


How can u stay with Trump.He disrespected u. It can't be about money, because u have plenty,Can't be u care what ppl will say, because they'd applaud u. U say ur a strong woman,but ur actions say otherwise. So u either believe him,or u just don't care.Don't know which is worse.
Or she's scared!
Of? She has all the power.Maybe she just doesn't know it.
He still has people that do his dirty work, he would be humiliated if she left him now.

She would be an inspiration to to the world if she did, she isn't being a good role model for little girls or women staying, the world would embrace her as long as she's not complicit.
Being a first lady, she will have secret service around her,the rest of her life.
I know, but being a woman in a situation where I needed to leave but was scared to, (I know it's not the same) but it was still hard. I just hope she's not involved in any of the dirty crimes, the longer she stays the more it looks like she is.
That could be one reason she isn't leaving him. Never thought that she might have been involved with any of his illegal actions,but who knows.
She ran the modeling agency at one time and trump was trafficking kids out of it, she had to know.
Melenia,you bear the greatest  U.S. TREASURED HART.
Aaa he First Lady  She’s beautiful 
Shut up bitch
Just wanted to say I am very proud of you and our President. So sorry you have to deal with the fake news. Stay strong we need you. Thank you for trying for us. MAGA

Ur one hellava first Lady
AMEN.
Congradulations.
Why would Donald not attend Barbara Bush services? I cannot understand this.
Thank you FLOTUS for your grace, beauty & patriotism. I love you 

Awesome
Beautiful
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
my FLOTUS

Thank for being the beautiful person you are standing by and supporting our incredible President Trump and America!!!
Melania , are they allowing you to have any fun?  Your schedule seems boring.
