We love you Melania. No matter what the haters say, you should know so many more people adore you. I know it is probably very hard but thank you for helping donald fight the good fight. We all love you for it.
You looked stunning in you navy & white striped dress. You are loved by our ladies. Deeply admired
Where is your strength and bravery when it matters.
So Stormy Daniels won, right?
Love what your doing flotus but if your husband attacks Syria over isis Terri attack shortly after he announces our withdrawal of troops in Syria he will loose a huge part of his base !!!!! Get out of Syria !!!! End the war and death of innocent people

جهعتنلاک
You deserve that award for your courage and bravery, thank you to our FLOTUS
I like Stormy.
How about u show some strength and courage by protecting the Parkland kids and all of the kids who are fighting for common sense gun reform!!! Denounce the verbal abuse from your spouse and the republicans attacking the vulnerable. #Parkland #GunControl #ParklandShooting
That is a wonderful ceremony.  I didn't see this in any of the news.
Oh good grief.  You can't be serious?
Melania you are a true lady.
Hi madam you are successful.
SUCH A JOKE

Can I have sex with you
I am being gang stalked
Successful nice
It takes a strong woman to stand up and say NO MORE I think it’s time for you to find your backbone and what’s left of your dignity. File for divorce . Then we might gain some respect for you . While you’re at it give a call to mueller and spill all the beans !!
You must be given a special award  My LADY.. you're  a humanitarian too.
Please have some courage yourself and genuinely stand up to cyber bullying.
You’re slipping Melania you never spoke up about the cyber bullying of the students from Parkland or is it that you don’t really care. I’ll go for you really don’t care. You’re a phony just like your husband. #PresidentSpanky #LauraIngrahamIsABully .

Stormy has earned an award
Women of Courage? Well that certainly rules you out.
Odd...you show no strength of character, courage OR honor...
Your the Best Mrs Trump. I am so proud you are our First Lady. Thank you for that.
Here is a #womanofcourage...how about a meeting about #cyberbullying?
https://shareblue.com/tammy-duckworth-wounded-veterans-miguel-perez-redstate/ …
- could be shared with @IvankaTrump - if you both have the courage.
ThankYou for your participation
in honoring these
CourageousWomen!

You’ve seen what courage looks like. Now go out and show some of your own. Condemn the bullying of Parkland students. Silence IS complicity
I hope that some of those women who are in prison and forbidden to be with or even touch (!) their children are included. And all the women in prisons who are raped. Women too poor to get defense. Seriously,look it up.


I am fine
A UNIVERSAL CELEBRATION!
Would you people talk to Michelle obama like this.   I think not.....ridiculous.  Gracious and beautiful.   Focused and genuine......
Melania, Plz KNOW MANY DEM WOMEN WOULD RATHER HAVE YOU AS PREZ!!!!  You are Very Bright, Composed, & the Classiest since Jackie O!!!  Hang on girl & divorce Him & TAKE WHATS YOURS!!!!  We do ADORE & ADMIRE YOU, in spite of your yucky hubby!                     
https://www.facebook.com/YESSHECAN2018/posts/1918829864824852 …
You are so loving
This takes courage!! Hahahaha

YOU ARE A WOMAN OF COURAGE
Too bad you have no bravery & strength to leave your lying, cheating husband/owner. I guess money is more important to you than self dignity.
No surprise there. That was her motive to begin with.
Do you fear deportation or losing your son to a tyrant? Staying with such evil makes no sense.
What do you think of Stormy and your husband? Sure you won't answer.

Peace all of the World!Lg Herzliprinz Marco
Ich bin Stolz auf dich!Mrs.Trump
Well stand for DACA/dreamers & strong gun control! Get ur husband to remember this kids! Amazing day!! Listen to the people! Ur husband a cyber bully! I am tired of him blaming the “Dems” & we don’t want to get nuked! Bolton sucks!! Do something
I recognize and honor your strength and bravery amidst the vultures of D.C. and the Media.  You are the most beautiful, classy, intelligent, and multi-lingual FLOTUS of my lifetime <3

Melania u r a fool let that man do you like that tell others women he love them
And you too Melania for your strength and bravery you are an excellent role model for women everywhere so much Grace Under Pressure
Thank you being such a wonderful First Lady
If anyone deserves an award for "Bravery" it would be you!!!
If you call "bravery" staying married to a greedy sleazy foul rude crude adulterous pussygrabbing misogynist, then I guess she's brave. Braver still would be leaving that cushy yet demeaning relationship. #WomenofCourage
Like you  would have it any other way. Probably do the same
Billionaires and playmates. That’s the American dream
I thought you were looking forward the 60 minutes program
So glad you can stay focused on the courage of women. Don’t let the media and opportunists win the war you find yourself fighting.
Stormy Daniels  was brave speaking out!!!!!  Women of Courage!!!!!!!
I'd give @StormyDaniels a #WomenofCourage award.
Flotus, you are so gorgeous and lovely, and you need to take that beautiful son of yours, and take him out of this environment of his father!  God bless you.  Praying for you and Baron!
I feel bad for you Melania. Leave the man now,you know you want to. As soon as his term is up you are gone.Everyone knows it. Why should you do the right thing, He never in his life http://has.It  would be the perfect pay back for all the hell he has put you through
amazing profiles! especially Aliyah Khalaf Saleh/Umm Qusay  https://www.state.gov/s/gwi/iwoc/2018/bio/index.htm …
You should be looking forward to the story of your husband bringing porn stars and mistresses to your home. You actually seem like a nice lady - I am sorry you live in such an abusive relationship. I hope you can love yourself enough to leave some day.  You can get millions.
A tell all book from you would be the highest selling book of all time and a@perfect way to avenge your husbands disrespect and total disregard for your love and your family.
Including stealing their speeches
STOP this all I see is Hate messages, what has happened to our country,
Trumpism happened.
You don't get to pile it deep and high to get elected and then expect harmony. She's a whore. He's a whoremonger. They are perfect for each other, but not for America.
You are an excellent First Lady and deserve much Respect.
Does that include women your husband slept with? They have courage to speak up don’t you think?
@realDonaldTrump @SecondLady @VP @IvankaTrump
while your husband molests them. how you feeling today, melie, after the stormy interview? have you no integrity? no shame?
@realDonaldTrump @SecondLady @VP @IvankaTrump
FLOTUS madam did you watch 60 minutes about Stormy attacking POTUS. You still think it is all fake. Your husband is an amazing man  Are you proud of him. I am sure you do.
So sorry
except for the women to chicken shit to leave their abusive marriages.....
#FreeAhmedTamimi. She needs your help £ove, please, she is just a child.
God bless you.   You deserve so much better
Very cool.
I would say Melanie has courage, she’s still with our bully President

Bjr Mélanie
We need some recognition for the mothers here in the United States and give him them back the power to raise their children I believe this is one of the reasons why are uses so out of control it's been take our rights have been taken away as far as reprimanding our children
You are amazing. Thank God for putting a strong lady like you in the White House to stand beside the our President Donald Trump. The two of you are great together. Please don’t let those ugly people win. Stay strong with God help. God Blessed you and your beautiful family.
@realDonaldTrump
ايتها الجميلة ماذا تعرفين عن الاسلام وعن  محمد والله والجنة والنار وعيسى عليه السلام وعن اسيا زوجة فرعون ويوم القيامة
مريم عليها السلام عاؤشة رظي الله عنعا فاطمة بنت محمد صله الخنساء  خولة بنت الازور  لالا خديجة    نساء خالدات  في الاسلام
الام  مدرسة ان اعددتها اعددت رجالا
How do you explain to children that the president is not a good role model?? When I was a little girl I had a shirt that said “ No way First Lady, I want to be president!! “  The thought that anything is possible... Today I’m embarrassed of our president.
You would know all about courage, your what wife number 4?
You need to shut up about looking forward to today's state dept international women of courage awards ceremony which both recognized and
Whaaa????? Did u forget to finish ur hate spewing??
God bless you Melania 

Women with intelligence, honesty, & integrity??  Btw, you were actually in the same role as Stormy at one time. You were the porn star having an affair with a married man back then. Married the douchebag for citizenship, money & a baby??

Will i be invited
Bien
FLOTUS is a COWARD.   Melania silence is defining.  She cannot do the right thing.  Just being complicit with her husband infidelity and misogyny.  Melania Trump is no role model fir women.
Thankyou for being a woman of courage.  Stay strong as they try to tear you down.  We love you and are behind you.
Be a brave woman and walk away from a husband who disrespects you. He is using you as a prop. You don’t want to be there. We all know that. Walk away.
60 minutes interview
Trump "Wow, you are special. You remind me of my daughter.”
Stormy "What about your wife, Melania?"
Trump "Don't worry about that.  We have separate rooms." 
How can you stand to stay married to this monster?  Oh Yah, 
Thank you Milania. You do us all proud.
You really gonna spell her name wrong on her own page where it's literally written for you 
Too bad you're weak and self serving...sad
You are a beautiful woman & proud that you are our First Lady
Melania, You are a woman of courage! All you have to put up with in the fake media just ripping on your family! So proud of the gracious type of person you are.... Keep strong and chin up!
Girl please. Even Mother Nature isn't fooled by this shit.
For the love of god and country, if not for yourself, dig up some self respect and courage and leave this horrible man. Is this humiliation really worth the money? How pathetic.


SHARE SHARE SHARE https://www.churchmilitant.com/news/article/cm-exclusive-parents-of-sick-toddler-claim-he-is-being-drugged#.Wrftxzh4cuM.twitter …
You are a class act/ never let them get to you .
Your husband would never say a woman has courage. @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump #DotardDonnie #RussianCollusion
Be courageous yourself/leave Trump. He is having unprotected sex putting your life in jeopardy. He has done to you what he did to his other wives/is not going to change. You are young, go with your son and live your life. He won’t care; he will just move on to the next porn star.
Including the strength and courage of the many women who have spoken up against President Trump?  Will you lend your voice to their cause?

#MuellerTime #StormySUnday #StormyDanielsDay #DumpTrump
Glad there is a Strong roll mode for women in the White House.
You are brave dealing with your husband and his ridiculous antics.
I would like to recommend #Stormydaniels she is helping save our democracy from #traitortrump
Be Strong & Brave.  Call your husband out for his philandering and unprotected sex with whores, porn stars & playboy bunnies.  He makes you and all women look bad acting that way without a reaction from you.  You do not deserve to be put in danger this way.  NONE OF US DO!
Will she be there? Got to be sad because of your talents huh?
Wooooooppppshit
Wake up lady...As a father of 5girls,I raised them to avoid guys like your married to.#Enough
And the Spiritual Revival begins!
Tonight is the big 60 Minutes interview. How are you going to bear a porn actress telling the world the President was having unprotected sex with her as you were nursing his son?
He cheats on everyone @realDonaldTrump why wont he cheat on the @NRA
You should show us all your bravery @FLOTUS and leave that cheating @POTUS
So that's why 'ye' ununited state's a 'Woman' El Presedenty?

"After we had been intimate, he tried to pay me." Former Playboy model Karen McDougal shares details of an alleged affair she had with Donald Trump. Her full interview with Anderson Cooper airs on @AC360 at…
Looking forward to today's airing of the @60Minutes interview with @StormyDaniels !
As long as your with this evil man you will not be recognized that way!!!

Great job! @FLOTUS
We’re looking forward to the Stormy Daniels interview tonight.  Are you gonna watch?
Wow, both the fake @POTUS and the fake @FLOTUS   Why does @FLOTUS stay with her cheating vile husband!
Please stop tweeting.
So, I'm guessing you & @Potus (@realDonaldTrump ) are having your Mar-a-Shithole illegal alien chefs preparing a feast for your 60 Minutes Stormy Daniels interview party you're throwing tonight for all your fascist, white supremacist elite. Enjoy! 

Need a good divorce attorney?
Be a role model for abused women. Save yourself and your son and walk out on the Donald
I stand with you!  @flotus
Bjr jane
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/local/2018/live-updates/politics/march-for-our-lives/trumps-motorcade-takes-longer-route-avoiding-florida-march/?__twitter_impression=true …
#Treason https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/local/2018/live-updates/politics/march-for-our-lives/trumps-motorcade-takes-longer-route-avoiding-florida-march/?__twitter_impression=true …
I would like to encourage and thank you  you for giving so much, your privacy and comfortable living for the benefit of the citizens of the USA. So many children can have a warm plate of food because of your sacrifice. #DrainingTheSwamp has not been that easy.  you!
Takes a lot of strength to stay with a husband who has cheated multiple times with multiple women!  How desperate are you for money that you would stay with him!?!  That kid must really be something special for you to stay.  You’re teaching him that cheating is OK!
Lovely first lady, please bring up a voice for the seniors, we need someone to speak for us and the fact that a lot of us, most of us in fact, are under the poverty level.
The first lady is a leader and role model for all women. Stand strong.
What does Barron think of his father who goes golfing while hundreds of thousands of his schoolmates march to beg for gun control? What does he think of the fact that his father didn’t even have the decency to stay in Washington and maybe meet with a delegation of these kids?
Melania,Nobody destroy  Your  marrage  God hold both of you by the arm and anointed you,melania to stand strongly with trump.

