We love you DEAR FIRST LADY. THANK YOU FOR WHAT YOU ARE DOING FOR AMERICA. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOURS
What is she doing for America? For real, what if anything g has she done? Enlighten me.
This isn’t about Michelle Obama.
Not the point. OP said she was doing things for America. Response was asking what she's done. It's a valid question pertaining absolutely nothing to do with the previous admin.
Stop drinking the koolaid
Are you enjoying yet another vacation at #MarALargo resort paid for by tax payers? 
BHO never. No wait...Martha's Vineyard, Hawaii,etc.
President Obama didn’t fly to resorts he owns take family and friends every weekend and charge the FedGov millions every  trip for everyone he takes to stay there. President Obama played golf much less and he played at Joint Base Andrews for FREE a 20 minute car ride. 
Trump gets paid 1 dollar salary per year which means basically free.  Your turn.
#POTUS $400K salary pales in comparison, he plays golf at his resorts every weekend charges FedGov millions per stay & pockets $, He Jared & Ivanka secure loans from foreign Govs at official WH meetings. He sells access $200K to sit at dinner table $250K dinner & pic with him. 
Jelly much? Get over it.
Jealous of what? A pathological corrupt compromised liar who’s been marred 3 times and cheated on all of his wives? And, didn’t use protection? And, told them they looked like his daughter.. And, he’s facing humiliation and embarrassment when he’s impeached and removed! 
Will never happen. Get ready for 6.5 more years of #MAGA. Watch and see. 
So someone says he did what she claims he did makes him guilty?  Interesting.  Good thing you are just a spec on this planet and not a judge and jury.
Pretty sad you are the only one liking your tweets

She can't wait to get divorced from that slug.
John 15:18
“If the #world #hates you, you know that it #hated Me before it #hated you.
Psalm 2:10-11
Now therefore, be wise, O #kings; Be instructed, you #judges of the #earth. #Serve the #Lord with #fear, And #rejoice with trembling.
Your biblical inspirations

Funny coming from someone who's twitter account is Obamacare Lied @LiedObama
Can you please be more pacific?
Did you need a pain killer after watching the @60Minutes story about the porn star that your husband @POTUS had sex with? It's okay if you did. I'm sure that hurt. I'm also assuming you actually care which is likely pretty naïve on my part.
If that is all she could get she really is a has been. Has been used and dicarded
Way to go Stormy! I meant Melania!
I wonder if @FLOTUS has a cool nickname like “Stormy”?
Yes she does It is FLOTUS derp

You do know that the KKK was the Democratic Party. Why is that so hard for the left to google. Next look up the NRA and read about its roots, I’m sure you will be shocked. In the mean time we are sitting back watching the left shit themselves.

We were all sent by God,  see ya
Why in the world do we need a memorial for the opioid crisis??
I thought memorials were for things past, to be remembered.
There are many ways to remember that there’s an opioid crisis...and more constructive ones than structures and plaques...
It's a step up from offering thoughts and prayers but falls short of anything meaningful to fix the problem.
You might want to make an appointment with the Gynecologist ASAP!
Rude!
Rude.
Amazes me a lady with great class like the First Lady expresses concern and passion for peoples problems and liberals take the chance to use that and criticize her and husband, shows how low class and hateful liberals are and the disease in their mind
I have no time or interest in their hate speech. They have an aura of negativity that is disturbing. I wouldn't waste a brain cell on these shills for the democratic party who would rather see President Trump fail than see a successful America. I love @FLOTUS & @realDonaldTrump.
Knower of god??
Why was #StormyDaniels paid $130K by #DonaldTrump and #MichaelCohen if she’s lying, 2 weeks before the election? 


But I thought no human is illegal?
Don't call out the hypocrisy, the little snowflakes might melt.
Lol what's your status
You are an Amazing 1st Lady! Thank You for your commitment to #MAGA!!
Which one is the hottest? I say the brunette. 
Melania is
She's ok. I just wish she spoke English. Just another shithole immigrant.
And President Trump said the places they come from are shitholes if he said it not the people ... And he is correct and you know they're or they wouldn't be trying to get over here
Sandra, proofread before pushing reply. Bot.
I don't feel like it, I like doing things that piss you crazy,  people off and bring out your insulting side

Really, Patricia? How rude!
Patricia cannot help herself. She is delusional and suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Their immaturity and hatred has taken over any rational thinking.
Do the hubby with a New York Times!!!
SPANK UNTIL WELL DONE
Oops did you not know
Same song, second verse. Really old news!!
Melania, YOU are Abolutely the most gracious and loving First Lady America has EVER seen! God Bless America, and God Bless The Trump Family 
Lol...stop lying!
Be a nicer person 
Keep providing strong positive leadership...

and promoting positive change.

#SafetyFirst #PositiveChange

Any body got a maga zine handy!!#SPANKIE


Melania are you stupid ur Dotard has screwed around on u! Hush money isn’t paid if it didn’t happen. Don’t look stupid...get out.
Hmm leme see there was a pic of all three together. R u sure stormy is selling the truth? Trump hasn’t said anything neither has Melina
You are #Complicit too! @FLOTUS
Is that the "white people who have died but aren't in the CIA" memorial?  Can we all go and mourn the fallen there or should we make a speech to insult them when we are there?  Oh, so much has changed....

The first photoshopped lady! 
THANK YOU 
How about instead of money spent on a memorial those funds spent on prevention and treatment? Means a lot more when they’re alive than when they’re dead.
Any words for all the school children massacred? Thought not.
Thank Trump for the 16% to the Deptartmemt of Interior, the 7% cut to the NPS, to include cutting 2,000 National Park Service rangers.

Thanl you @FLOTUS  
Yes, thanls.
Ya just have to slam someone saying thanks? So inconsiderate.
You're disgusting!
Truth hurts.  Special place for the Trumps and blind supporters.  They will be judged.  And their souls will rot in ....hell.
You're still disgusting!
And your soul has a special place for supporting the Trumps. Rot in hell.
@RobChristie11 God Bless you Melania ! WE LOVE YOU 
You have our pity. The constant humiliation must be hard for you. You are allowed to defend yourself if he beats you. No one would blame you.
Thank you Mrs. Trump. 
LEAVE TRUMP !
Leave this country!
Who ?
You, Karina.
Why would I leave MY COUNTRY?
Just as much as it's non of my business to tell you to leave, is it's non of your business what The First Lady does in her personal relationship with her husband.
None***
P.S. re-read your tweets. You are not making any sense.
Is English your first language?

I encourage you to watch @60Minutes
Why don't you worry about your own problems
Uh, but the crisis is just starting.  Why are we memorializing the victims when they are still dying in droves and growing?  Are you trying to encourage us to give up because the struggle is over?  Who is running this show?
Thank you so much for trying to make the world a better place Melania, the opioid crisis hurts us all, you are a blessing!
Great work beautiful Melania

Remember when Hillary, seated next to Bill, was on 60 minutes and was asked why she stays with him? 

When can we expect a 60 Minutes episode where Melania, seated next…
unfortunately there will be even more drug use in red states as rural areas are further depressed by the President's blunders in trade policy. Trump's posing as a successful business man on The Apprentice will cause more losses for farmers than all the locust in history
Love you 

Ty u lady trump!
A useless memorial dedicated to drug users ...fascinating
For your information, doctors prescribe the stuff to hurting patients and carelessly ignore follow up. My stepmother had cancer  and thought withdrawls from pain pills was evidence of more cancer. Her doctor neglected her and she never recovered from addiction. Drug users pfft.
Omg I’m so sorry I had the same experience with muscle relaxers for chronic degenerative bone disease.
I hope you are recovered now 
Oh, I’m sorry I didn’t  get addicted but they failed to tell me if I took them everyday for a couple weeks for severe muscle spasms+ pain then stopped because they made me tired all day even though I only took it at night+ it would cause even worse excruciating pain. My head was
Splitting, I was nauseous+ had bad pains in my abdomen, felt dizzy, sweaty, angry+ felt like my my bones were being crushed.  Now I only take one here+there+just try to deal with the pain other ways.   It was definitely a wicked withdrawal for my body after just that short time.
Did your stepmom manage to beat her cancer ? What an awful thing to go through when your already sick+in pain. I had a friend with bone cancer who most days tried to use Tylenol for her pain until near the end because she didn’t like the way the pain meds made her feel.
Thank you for asking.  She beat cancer twice but passed away anyway from complications. 

Bone cancer is said to be the most painful. She died bravely, your friend.
my @FLOTUS
I love Flotus also!!  Class all the way!!
Total class
How about treatment? This exhibit is a lot like thoughts and prayers for gunshot victims. Neither saves lives
Prayers save lives all the time, non believer. God isn't a dial-a-miracle.

Thank National Park service? I have friends who work for the park service. They all lost there jobs because your fat disgusting cheating husband decimated that very agency, and is ruining our national treasures. You are shitty as the rest. Obama’s birthcirtificate ha what a joke.
Cool off buddy if your that passionate about our national treasures feel free to donate your salary
*you're 
It's so cute that y'all don't know the difference between your and you're or to,  two and too,  or there,  their and they're
Okay buddy relax it’s only social media no need for the twitter grammar police. Got thru life just fine without a idiot like u correcting my grammar
Opioid memorial, it’s a joke, right?  How about a national memorial to DWIs?
Or lowlifes who scam and stiff people out of thousands of dollars by refusing to pay his debts? Or committing treason with Russians for profit and power?  This phony memorial is a PR stunt. End of story.
Thank you. 
My brother was taken from us.
God bless all of the families who shared their grief. Nothing is accomplished until we talk about it.
Today would be his 39th birthday.
Thank you my dear!  You are doing an amazing job!  God bless you.

You are awesome Melania
@FLOTUS You are gorgeous and kind. I am honored to have you as our first lady.
Kind? Yeah, kind of crazy for being with the buffoon.
Are u here legally, just wondering
Brought to you by the Big Pharma lobby?
A memorial ???? That's silly . Use the money to help the addicted !!!
Thank you
We can build a memorial but meanwhile no meaningful government $$ to fix the problem..pathetic
It's more than you and him did for the Parkland students memorials. Thank you.
Now if only your husband and your party - people who can most HELP the opioid victims - would remember them. #ConservativeChristianity #MAGA
They are the only ones trying so I wouldn’t be eager to criticize
Her husband and his party “are the only ones trying”? To what, destroy the world? Or just the country? So many riddles....
What about how your Administration is destroying our National Parks
You do have support!!  Thank you for the person you are!! Xoxo
Do you trust Donald Trump?
Don't you have anything better to do than stalk first lady?
My granddaughter is going to be a victim because she has no insurance & will not be able to get treatment without it. Where to take her for help? I don't want her to die at 23 yrs old.
My heart hurts for you, I lost my son on 10/12/14. He needed rehab, no insurance. I pray she makes it thru. I went thru this w/him for over 5 years and still lost him. Forever 26. I don’t believe what POTUS is doing is the answer. It comes in via air/shipping containers, no wall
So sorry ur son got lost in that mess. They don't get America's best resource are their children. Heart wishes for you!
I’ll keep her in my thoughts and prayers
Thank you for all you do!
You’re awesome and beautiful! Thank you for everything you’re doing. 
Melania @FLOTUS how old was Tiffany Trump when you had your affair with Mr. Donald Trump?  5 years old, maybe?  No difference here... Porn model vs Porn Star!  SHAMEFUL!
Thank you for doing so much as our First Lady. God bless you and your family.

WHAT ? Memorial ?? IS THIS OVER ?? NO ??  Do you have a Clue how many lives will Die Tonight of Opioids ?? No?? You are in your Fancy Resort in Florida ! Bye Flecia
Great job!! Love you and President Trump!  MAGA!  
I was honored to be part of the making of the video and hope to attend the debut in DC. We've lost too many in this crisis.
Thank you for the words of support. Together, we can #StopEverydayKillers.
Do u take your clothes off for Donnie. Maybe that would keep him calm!
Rude!

why not help the living addicted, you have done nothing but photo opps
Looks like this should void your prenuptial agreement and you can take half
If a couple more "ladies" come out against your husband,  you may need a "prescription".

What about Stormy Daniels???


I heard your immigration papers are incomplete. When are ICE coming for you?
Memorial? Honey, you gotta deal with the problem BEFORE you celebrate it. Sad.
Used my airfare allowance to attend the march last weekend. Sorry.
Wasted money on monuments that don't help people actually affected by opioid crisis. #complicit #uneducated #unqualified

Ignore the noise. Your husband is a pos, doesn't mean you need to be. Keep fighting for America & The American people!
It’ll  go well next to the Naked Trump statues
The names in this article are just the tip of the iceberg to the horrors of what PROP and the EPIC fail of our government on addressing addiction has wrought. I agree with @RobertDRoseJr1 another memorial is on the way. Our government should be ashamed.
This is so sad to hear never heard of people taking their lives due to pain in the UK but going through chronic pain myself & the bad days / thoughts i have can see why. this needs to be addressed worldwide as its a battle everyday xx
Yep. This will solve the opioid epidemic!  I’m thinking a solution would be better than a memorial. Everything is grandiose with you trumps.
Will this be followed by an investigation of pharmaceutical companies & prosecution of the dealers from those companies?
Daily reminder
After watching @60Minutes this past Sunday night. Things must be getting a little #Stormy with the Donald, huh?
@jennynathan fashion show for mudslides.
Stop the slides!
Your husband, is hurting OUR mental health. And,obviously yours. He has CAUSED Chaos, torn up our PRECIOUS, institutions, our Democracy. I would ADD His name,to the List,of things you NEED to Reconsider. For your sanity, and OURS.
Deadly crisis that your husband the laziest most narcissistic president ever is doing nothing about!
#SPANKIE
You’re a true flotus! You are doing such a fantastic job!! Godspeed!!
How’s the cyber-bullying campaign going? You should probably start at home.
This is an important issue in our country. Another one is the recent cyber bullying of the brave young men and women who led the awesome March for Our Lives. What do you have to say about that issue since it is supposedly your FLOTUS cause?
Here's a list for your cyber bullying campaign. Just trying to help.
Let’s add hitler hoggwash to the list hahahahha
Well that name calling would make you a bully too. #GrowUp
Don’t listen to the haters @FLOTUS !!!!!  Us “deplorables” think you’re pretty fantastic!!!!!   #maga #loveourFLOTUS !!!!
Our @FLOTUS is amazing!!
Cheering you on all the way from Maryland, Michelle !! You got this!!!@Tell_Michelle_  !!!!! #maga 
Thank you Amanda!
Sooooo DC promotes,  protects big Pharma but is making it all better by making a memorial for pharma victims.
Thank you for all the work you're doing to help combat this problem!
With your help and the new economic policies of your husband,@POTUS there's a good chance this can be greatly reduced if not totally eradicated
Be prepared to erect another memorial - One naming names of millions of veterans & Americans who through no fault of their own was targeted with a DEATH SENTENCE!
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/dear-mr-eric-bolling-2d8f3a41daa1 …
Listen to the TRUTH or President Trump will go down in history beside Hitler & Stalin!
http://nyp.st/2anPMmb  imagine if Michelle Obama had.
You have my deepest condolences.

Could you take a moment to condemn the cyber bullying of the students of Parkland who were shot at and saw their friends die right before their eyes? It is your platform right?
Is that how he likes it? No wonder you sleep in a separate room
We realize that you lack the courage to leave, thus it was absurdly ridiculous that you even spoke on women courage. What an oxymoron.
For me anyone with an adiction is weak and also should not have a memorial for their “sacrifice”. I will not honor an addict.
Spanky and Stormy sitting in a tree...
Stormy says hey
And this does what?  I don’t get it.
Love you Melania!
Drop dead mail order bride
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE #STORMY # MAGA #zine
Want about cyber bull-lee-ying???? 
MOST PEOPLE HAS BEEN KEEPING UP WITH THE STORMY DANIELS STORY ABOUT TRUMP HAVING SEX WITH HER WITH NO CONDOM WONDERING IF TRUMP MAY HAVE HERPES,SYHILLIS OR AIDS
Lol
Yeah right
When the sham is over, do we call her ex First Lady or ex Mrs. Trump or ex Mrs. president....I’m so confused.
Most 11,000 opiod deaths are from street drugs, heroin, Fenton all, OxyContin.  To call this precibed to death is misinformation. Check http://CDC.com  for real figures, opiods Don’t kill more than gun deaths. 18,000 deaths, 20,000 suicise. False information helps NRA.
Totally!  Somehow, somebody needs to understand chronic pain management.  Quality of LIFE is important & opioids are required.  Not an addiction required for ANY quality of LIFE.  PLEASE try to understand the difference!
I do. Thanks for responding. Doctors are afraid speak because corporate health care will save money. Drs have quotas. Also 30% of terminal patients wer not given therapeutic doses. They died in pain. Emergency rooms give 30% les pain killer to black and brown people.

Please just Shut-Up go away and take your husband with you.
My  name is Mike Cabic  I'm working CONSTRUCTION PROJECT AGENT. Can you work as my personal assistant Assisting me with errands ?
you probably should ask for help getting followers. #MAGA
But. Did she actually write this tweet?
No. Have you heard her eenklish?
ROFL
Run while you still can!
 MELANIA

I hate to call people victims who take too many drugs. I'm not against drugs, but 'm against addiction. You are responsible for you, not the nanny state, and not drug companies. If there's an epidemic, it's a society of unhappy people who use drugs to dull their depression.
More than half got addicted by doctors over prescribing opioid painkillers. Are the doctors victims?
I'm against the "I'm just a lowly stupid citizen who needs someone to make my decisions." bs Screw the drug war, screw blaming someone for "making" me an addict, and screw anyone who wants to ban drugs or lock people up for using them. I own me. I neither want or need a leash.
You will better serve by discuss infidelity and sexual transmissible disease and it reach on HIV Aids most fitting
I was speaking about the #OpiodEpidimic at the local hospital today.
FLOTUS  I am one of many who will not blend the thoughts of the President into my thoughts of you....you have a difficult role and a more difficult setting then most.  Do what is right for you and your son.... noone else matters.
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE..
BYO .. magazine?

Wow 8 more women have come forward to #StormyDaniels Atty about your husband!! Now are you going to divorce him? That's probably 8 more lawsuits against him! Don't you want to be happy? Don't you want your son to be happy? Is the $ really that important?
First, the chances of government standing up to big pharma is as slim as government standing up to the NRA. Second, where is the memorial for our children who lost their lives to gun violence? Third, these “memorials” aren’t real answers to these situations. Do your damn job.
Your husband is really a horrible, evil person, Melania. I truly feel sorry for you. As a veteran, I am appalled that he, your husband wants the military - which he dodged at least 4 times to pay for a border wall!!! #ImpeachTrump #HavePityForMelania
Thank you Melania ,for being  so kind,sweet,elegant,beautiful in all ways,hard working FLOTUS.
Addiction to opioids have been going on far 2 long.
At last something is being done about it 
Michelle was only concerned about overweight kids
Never a word from her about opioid crisis
Because she wanted everyone on opioids, and blinded to what was going on around them!!
#Beautiful First “Lady”!  Trump 2020!

THE BEST EVER
Russian Troll!

Perfect liberal tears hahah
We Love you First Lady Melania.  Thank you for you Grace And Elegance.
And your nude pics!
How’s Moms basement working out for you?
How very “Christian” of you.
So, I say something nice to our First Lady, you say something rude as a reply, I give a 'tounge 'n cheek' reply, and you insult my Christian Faith.  Should I now make fun of your name?  Is that the next step?
Mrs. Trump.... my family needs your help please. My son is a 22 year old who is currently in jail and has been denied 3 times for drug court even though he meets criteria . My sons needs help not prison!! Can you and the president please help us!!! OPIOID EPIDEMIC!!!!!
Why no reply?!?!?
We encourage you and your family to move to Russia.
You move! We’ll keep our beautiful First Lady.
A memorial to opioid victims? Don't you usually do memorials AFTER the crisis is ended? Isn't this a bit premature?
She clearly says “opioid memorial”, so maybe it’s a memorial for the drugs themselves.    /s
IKR  What the heck??? Glorify an epidemic before we've found a cure? Or at least get it under control maybe?? This is NUTS!!
This is great but I can't get excited about things from you because you're just not the type of role model I believe a first lady should be. You're an enabler. As a woman I hurt for you but am also angry. Where's the strength that a woman in your position should have?
You do realize that one time Hillary Clinton was the first lady. And her husband was doing lewd things in the white house with an intern. What a role model what an enabler. Seek help for you #TDS
I said the same thing about Hillary... She too was an enabler... she's not the current first lady though either so I wasn't referring to her in my tweet. I was speaking to the current first lady.
#SinclairBroadcasting #Trump #MAGA #MuellerIsComing soon
really? NO one wants to defeat drugs, GREED keeps the drug war alive, just like the GOP repuk wars around the globe, endless money making machines!
Stay strong & ignore the crazy haters. We love you First Lady Melania.
God gave you the best job in the world, because you are the best first Lady of the United States of America

