God bless you, God bless your family, and God bless these brave souls!!  

You have a very kind and compassionate nature. We love and appreciate you @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP
She is the best. Beautiful inside and out. Alll the othets that pick on her are just jeolous. Simple as that.
Seriously?? Her project is cyber bullying and her husband is doing it DAILY. She hasn't spoken out on people who attack these kids that have been traumatized, but yes, she's so "beautiful inside and out"... give me a frickin break..
I'm confused...a great job? Please list what she has accomplished, and "making appearances" does not count... go ahead I'll wait...
Sense of humor, knew how to speak in front of a camera... #5....
Typical Trump, turning the misery and suffering of others into a self-aggrandizing photo op. Sick and pathetic. I guess we can't expect any more from an Escort and Porn Model.
Clearly we can't expect anything better than hate and personal attacks on women from the Faux #MeToo misogynist liberals


Not even close.    That's your defense in supporting the vile garbage that you now support, you filth.   A twice divorced man who openly cheated on his wives, who's cheated on his 3rd wife with multiple women shortly after marriage, who admitted on tape to sexual assault.
One was IN OFFICE getting paid by US to get oral sex, which isn't "sex" according to him, LIED UNDER OATH, the other was not even seeking public office, so there is no comparison, you're right "not even close"!
You want to compare a consensual blow job to openly admitting to the thing over a dozen women (so far) have accused Trump of... sexual assault.    Not to mention his many other crimes before and during his Residency, up to and including treason.
Perjury qualifies, under the Constitution as a high crime. Billy boy lied his a$$ off about this "consentual sex". Not to mention fraternization policy that applies to superior-subordinate sex.
Happy Easter Melania!
America Loves You! 
No we don't.
Yes, we do. Feel free to ignore her if you have nothing but negative to say...
Not being negative. Stating facts by the millions more that didn't vote for him.
You're trolling Melania... that's negative.   Fyi: popular vote is as irrelevant now as it was on 11/8/16 & in all the elections before that. 
 Fact:
- millions voted for him
- he's the President, likely the next 7 years
- Melania hasn't done anything to warrant the hate
Popular vote very relative
Millions more did not vote foe him, along w all the trumpeteers changing their minds, who are seeing what a moron and liar he is

Nope, he'll be impeached

Correct, Melania hasn't done anything
Rofl! Pop vote isn't & has never been relevant. The majority of those voting (which wasn't all of America) didn't vote for Hillary. 
Trump's support is growing due to all of the Left's lemming losing their minds. 
He won't be impeached. 
You must be thinking of Hillary.
Nope, liar-in-chief going down.his base is fleeing.

You're quite the photo shop expert! Great job on the heads!
You know I must hand it to you. You are actually pretty graceful especially when on camera, despite all the craziness your husband creates. Did you sign a prenuptial agreement, or has he threatened you, or do just feel unsafe to leave him? Seriously you know you can do better.
The President is hiding out. Because of a porn Star. The man who fronts the greatest fighting force in the history of Man is hiding out. Because of a porn Star. The man we look to to pass the torch of liberty, freedom and courage is hiding out. Because of a porn Star.
What a stupid tweet think much!

THANK YOU.  OUR KIDS AND FAMILIES NEED AND APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT.
YOU ARE THE GREATEST.
your  sexy lady  looklike a amazon amazons  are stronge  and true  never  let the world put them down love  amazon looking  ladies
I know how difficult it must be to be First Lady. You are doing a great job. Stay the course. Most of us respect you and pray for you.
Thank you @FLOTUS and @StMarysMC
Beautiful smiles! I love this picture.
Awesome!

Is child bully, Laura Ingraham, on your FLOTUS radar? #cyberbullying
We love you!
Your husband had unprotected sex with other women. How can you find this to be acceptable?
Beauty is as beauty does.
Bot
Classic response.
You have a good social life.  Aren't you?
Class again!
Nice
Make public health great again...
He’s probably out banging a porn Star right now..
Physically Attacked by Donald Trump - a PEOPLE Writer's Own Harrowing Story http://people.com/politics/donald-trump-attacked-people-writer/ … via @people
You do seem happiest being with children.  But then, you have a lot of experience with your childish hubbie.
Ah another bad news day for #PresidentSpankyPants so a dishonest deflection move from a shallow complicit wife who apparently doesn't mind his affairs with no condoms.  Protect your child and leave, the gold isn't worth damaging an innocent child's soul.
You are truly a gracious First Lady. Thank you for everything that you do.
She worked illegally in this country as an immigrant
I know you deal with a lot of hateful people and it saddens me. Stay strong, there are a LOT of us who support you & love you.
What a kind and gentle spirit you are. We are blessed to have you as our First Lady.
Keep up the good work.
These precious children will always remember meeting FLOTUS.  You made their day!

So nice
Nice
Sending healing prayers, May the Lord be with them and Bless them abundantly.
Stay strong 1st Lady they are losing their minds because you continue to succeed despite their best hatred efforts!
#SPANKIE
How’s that cyber bullying campaign coming? The survivors of Parkland could use some help with your husbands minions harassing them.
I put my hope in this kid.


Thank you madame Melania for taking this action. I am from African and I would like to have jour support son that I can continue my projection of helping children who born and became prisoners to the hospital because of poverty. Thanks.
Thank You for the work you do with children. As a mother, it touches my heart to see the first lady make that her priority 
Work???? That’s funny!
The work i do doesnt even feel like work. Its a job i love almost a motivational speaker. Its a one word job given by Jesus Christ himself...im a messenger of God and the message is Unity...#Unity#Trump
Niceeee
Melani efendi oradakiler çocukta zulüm Edip kafalarına bomba yağdırdıklarınız çocuk değilmi .o kocan olacak tipsizinde sonu gelecek elbet.
I could barely understand your English. Your disrespect is beyond demonic. You look black so let me remind you that because of President Trump black unemployment is at a historic low. Trump says you are welcome.
Racist much.
This is good!  Like to see more like this it must give them a boost how exciting to meet the Presidents lovely wife 
Melania: deplorable’s favorite immigrant.
Jelly

Glad to see you look so cheerful!

I admire you and respect you, Melania. Pray for you and the president to stay tight together and love one another and continue working together..if bad stuff is said to you on here do what I do and block them, our world has enough of nastiness without adding more..God Bless you.
Oooo yeah you could see the love in that relationship. She married him for his money.
Wow. Mean.
It's only true. If .@realDonaldTrump didn't have all of that money, she would have not married him. We see it everyday.
Really? You know her personally?
I don't have to know her to see the truth.
You just like to bully her? And be nasty to her?
Actually, I'm not bullying her, stop it.
She exudes class at every moment
She is so genuine and kind.  I adore her.. )
How wonderful to have such class and grace at the first lady again
thank you for your hard work
Happy Birthday
I am so thankful You are our FLOTUS!! Great respect!!
Respect for what?
For all the things you're too hateful to see.
It’s not hard for me to see a gold digging, trophy wife with zero business being in the WH.
No harder then it is is for me to see your #LiberalHypocrisy - not to mention hate and jealousy. 

Must be hard to respect a gracious, educated woman like Melania. 

I'm sure you prefer Stormy.
Are you talking about #cyberbullying today?     

@IngrahamAngle  and her terrible bullying of @davidhogg111      Speak up #Melania 

Your voice is needed.
Melania, even though I know you will probably not see this. I just wanted you to know that in my opinion you represent the values that the quiet majority of Americans have. You do it with deeds, not words and you are a class act. Thank you.
I think so as well and even tho I don’t think Melania will see this tweet my hope is that Gadolinium Dye the contrast used in our MRI machines will be banned like other countries have its poisoning the people driving Health cares costs up and are often fatal
How's that anti-bullying cyber campaign going?
Pretty good
Your Cyber-Bullying initiative has been a complete failure.  Why don't you be brave and stop your husband from Cyber-Bullying? America knows you can do better.
Cyber bullying! truth isn’t bullying 
MY DAUGHTERS ARE DOUBLES DEGREE NURSE AND DOCTOR, and your step children?????
Hey, how are your husband’s pornstars doing?
what a wonderful thing. uplifting downed spirits.
You are our Angel, Mrs. Trump!! 
Nice
You have a beautiful heart God bless you Flotus 
hey call out all the adults that are cyber bullying Parkland kids... otherwise  your entire bullying campaign is pointless
Why those Parkland kids need some education. It's obvious they lack that and respect.
really? its obvious u lack compassion and empathy ... those kids survived a school shooting and are traumatized from seeing other kids killed by guns! They are trying to cause awareness. Your tweet proves that u lack respect...
What r u doing big shot. Spewing on twitter cuz ya can! Get real
That's your attitude what's respect? Shame on you if u don't get it!
explain how those kids that are currently more intelligent than the entire WH showing no respect ?
What a joke
Not having even a little bit of it
Nope.
That little black girl with the pigtails, her face says so much
Escape.
I wouldn't let her or her husband anywhere near my children.


Hi @FLOTUS and POTUS!
What's happening in this photo?
Nothing
A weak attempt at photoshop?
Do you always calls things fake before actually investigating? True photo!
I so appreciate all you do in your capacity as First Lady!You do make a difference and I am so proud that I can say you are my First Lady!
And when she divorces dirt bag Donnie?
There is that chance that she believes in him! Hmm...
Here is what a bully that likes . How could anyone support a person who did this to the handicapped!
What is this person taking about of The President and the hanbicap. He is aware of it  @billcervenka
William, As a child in the 60s, I was taught by my parents not to make fun of people, and that extended to handicapped and people facing challenges. It was reinforced in church&school, Hope this helps
I am eighty years old and I have no knowledge of no such thing. Need more information @bi

tells you what type of person he really is

I never thought there were 5% of Americans gullible enough to believe in trump 

OMG
I have a friend with a kid in 8th grade in the Coloma Illinois school district being bullied. What can anyone do?
Teach them to stand up for themselves 1st. Then involve school admin or authority. Be sure it is legitimate.
She is in the special needs class. This is heart breaking.
Mrs. First lady you are so gracious and elegant. What you do with children is amazing. In all of my time being alive I've never seen a first lady with such Grace as you. Thank you for being America's First Lady.
 our @FLOTUS!
Happy Easter Melania. You are beautiful and you are graceful. There is a lot of envy. Don't. Let it phase you. Keep working  for children. They are innocent and have great loving hearts. They don't judge.
Your been and still a great FIRST LADY. When people cry's about you. It means you must be doing something right. YOU GO GIRL.
Thanks for your thoughtfulness
I really believe you are a good person.  You deserve better than DT.
Stay home  and spend time with your son. KEEP HIM AWAY FROM HIS DAD AND IVANKA. MELANIA GROW UP?

I wonder why America loves you?
What’s the point?
Take pictures...

Good bless you
Did you get a chance to talk to @realDonaldTrump about #bullying yet?  No hurry.
Have to work thru actual rape and abuse by the Clinton's first.
So Beautiful, FOTUS
You are a real first lady.
Great job
@Luciano09480407 Conoscere la vita anche nel dolore delle persone. Che non perdono mai la voglia di vivere
You’re lovely Melania.  Stay above the noise.
Why can't you stand up to your husband
Still no reply regarding Kelly Conways remake on her CNN interview of 2016 demanding the whore chasers tax returns and generally slag ing him of before she took his poise $s 
Enjoyed my visit to @StMarysMC today. So great to spend time with some of their brave patients and hard working doctors and nurses.
READ: Stormy Daniels' polygraph report @CNNPolitics

You're proudly married to the most racist president in decades.
Roseanne Barr - Butchers national anthem, grabs her crotch and spits. 
Trump - Calls Roseanne and congratulates her on her ratings.

Colin Kaepernick takes a knee to bring awareness to police brutality.…
I'm proud of ur strength as a women, an independent worker most of ur life, a First Lady, A wonderful Mother, a believer in her Wedding Vows & a Great Catholic who is willing to try 2 forgive the weaknesses of 99.9% of all men!Lucky @realDonaldTrump
Sisters is GOD,
Tremendous honor
@FLOTUS glows when she is with the children. 
That’s just the radiation treatment.
Thank you , Melania
You are awesome God bless you and yours.
You didn’t need too pose for pics with the MC patients. They have your NAKED PICS TOO J/O BY!!!

Very nice great job
Girl.  We want to love you. You seem nice and kind.  It’s time. Leave him.  You’ve got an entire sisterhood who will support you.  It’s time.
Great job
GOD BLESS  FIRST LADY MELANIA AWAYS CHILDREN  FIRST! THOSE WHO TAlK ABOUT HER ARE JUST JEALOUS THAT SHE IS DOING GOOD Things AS FIRST LADY!!
@TT45Pac @StMarysMC wonderful!
https://politi.co/2G7G5Jt  via @politicomag
Please educate yourself on what you speak on. Don’t let them spoon-feed you an agenda and false-narrative. Be a thinking person, question what the media is reporting or worse yet, not reporting. Diagnosis-TDS (Trump Derrangement Syndrome) U need a pill/script? #LiberalsTeachHate
You are so cool Melania, sorry Mrs. Melania Trump. God bless you...

Thank you for all you do, God bless
Seriously! "Enjoyed" How about "humbling, somber, heart-breaking" who enjoys watching children in pain? STOP with the photo ops... you are a disgrace to our Nation!!
Well girl
God bless you .. you brightened the day of these ill children 
good work
The worst lady from Sovenia.
Thank you @FLOTUS for all that you do and all that you endure for our great nation.  Wishing you a Blessed Holy Week, Happy Easter, and Happy Pesach
Good day, First lady...
Soothing her PAIN
You are so lovely.  You shine during these events.  Thank you for being such a warm First Lady.
Who’s the #FLOTUS?

I can’t keep track
Naw dude.... America knows who @realDonaldTrump really listens to & takes direction from and is the REAL FLOTUS   Poor Melania is only there for optics.
Nice kind
Hola Melamia Trump.
Saludos cordiales.
Espero todo y todos estén bien.
La luz y el amor de nuestra alma, cuerpo y corazón, puede ayudar a los enfermos del Planeta a recuperar su bienestar y riqueza espiritual.
Bendiciones.
You are such a breath of fresh air !!!  God Bless you and your patience and commitment to these children and the hospital staffs.
Who was the dodger “dining” when you were visiting hospitals?
Actually she just held a forum at the WH 2 weeks ago for cyber bullying. Maybe you would think she’s more beautiful if she gets those tats like you have around your neck ???
Thank you for being so strong..
Thank you for recognizing the nursing field. It is a hard yet rewarding job. I know. I am one MAGA thank you for your contributions to our country 
I used to be thin like you but now not so much. Remaining thin for you is an accomplishment. I wonder if going to the hospitals makes you realize realize your gratitude and to relax a little there. TY for your service. :-)
Melania you are an awesome First Lady.  American people love you.
God bless you on this Good Friday. He is the great healer.

"I'm hoping the mother in you, understands how sickening it is when children are in danger, and you really did mean it when you said you wanted to stop people from bullying them.…
@davidhogg111 has been cyber-bullied by 52 year old Laura Ingraham. WHAT SAY YOU? Does Cyber-bullying not count when the perpetrator is Right Wing & the victim is Left Wing? DO WHAT"S RIGHT FOR ONCE!
Nice going FLOTUS. Those professionals can never get enough thanks for their hard work.

This is exactly why I left the Dem party. #libsTEACHandPREACHhate 
It’s sad what the left has morphed into, a HATING machine standing for very little. They DIVIDE us ALL with identity politics and they ONLY see race, or gender when they look at someone, not the sweet soul inside.

First Lady Melania, You and your family are a class act! I've never been prouder to have such a first family. First time in years I feel USA is in great hands. God Bless You All and we all love and support you!
Looks like you made a lot of people happy and enjoyed your visit.  Keep up the good work.  We keep you and your family in our prayers, your husband is doing a great job and hard as it is, ignore the unscrupulous and cruel media.  There are many more people that love you than not.
Too bad she doesn’t actually support healthcare, especially not for needy kids.
You should probably enroll @IngrahamAngle ASAP.

#FireIngraham
Thank you for being a lady with grace and style.  So sorry the media is inconsiderate of you and your son.  Thank you for serving our country.  God bless you!
Lol lot a haters here .
Thank you for your service. Best first lady ever. 
It is sad lady that you have to coexist with this POS!
We love you Melania
위대하신 트럼프 멜라니아 영부인 당신을 존경합니다
위하여 하나님께 축복 기도합니다
Thank You, @FLOTUS! You are always spreading Smiles & Spreading Hope! Thank you for taking the time & for sharing with us! I am SO PROUD of you! ;-)
The all too OVER USED Melanie Photo Op snaps... *oh and make sure you make it as racially diverse as possible, don’t want the world thinking I’m as racist as my husband*
You probably should lay low while Stormy has her day in court and the courts of public opinion. Oh but you could react the the bullying Laura Ingaraham participated in!! Why are you quiet on that since it is your platform?
MELANIA,  YOU HAVE SO RISEN TO THE OCCASSION OF BEING OUR FIRST LADY.
I THINK YOU ARE DOING A WONDERFUL THING, MAKING CHILDREN'S ISSUES YOUR MISSION.  AND IN GENERAL, BEING A GREAT FIRST LADY...  THANK YOU!
*occasion  
MELANIA,  YOU HAVE SO RISEN TO THE OCCASSION OF BEING OUR FIRST LADY.
I THINK YOU ARE DOING A WONDERFUL THING, MAKING CHILDREN'S ISSUES YOUR MISSION.  AND IN GENERAL, BEING A GREAT FIRST…
You must have felt really good about yourself today with all those picture ops!

I got invited to WJLA ABC 7 for an interview about spreading LOVE. While there I was able to be kind to people. I want to encourage others to LOVE one another. Watch my Video and Retweet if you like it. I Love…
Thank you for all you do!  Your well wishes, smiles, and energy are valued by many beyond those you visited, or visit

You are the best first lady we love you and the president . please don't never change
The lil girls eyes in the left corner pic got me sobbing bad.
Beautiful! Happy Easter to you, Barron& the President
I'm not a Trump supporter but politics aside, anybody can respect someone who carries themselves with such grace and dignity under unimaginable circumstances. The strength that you've displayed is remarkable and deserving of our highest respect. Bless you FLOTUS.
True
She is doing something, what is good for the kid's. Don't knock her down with negative comments.
Its Giid Friday.
Your husband has sex with porno whores. Oh yes. You know that.  Go away. You got here on an elitist passport. What was it you were special at. Trump is the biggest bully. You are a plagerist. #
You are obviously in need of help-why don’t you seek it?
Lol! It is diagnosed as TDS (Trump Derangement Syndrome). They make a pill for that Derangement. Pick up a script lady. 
First LadyMelania Trump. . .
Have a Blessed Easter Holiday Celebration
:)
It sounds as if you had  a good trip.
Thank you for all of your hard work. I'm so happy to have you as our FLOTUS.  
Education is important!!!
Lovely way to spend time!  Very nice!
You seem so much happier when you’re not with @realDonaldTrump.
Tell spanky how great your day was, I bet he’s really interested
What a ridiculous waste of time you just spent, "bigdaddyChildishGoof"
Thank you FLOTUS.

