This lady right here, is one of the most compassionate, kind and loving women America has ever had the pleasure of knowing as @FLOTUS. 

Thank you @MELANIATRUMP for loving our country and standing by @POTUS in MAGA! We love & appreciate you. 
She Is Without A Doubt The Most Polished, Eloquent ,Gracious #FirstLady We Have Ever Had.  

Melania Works Tirelessly Beside Our @POTUS Day In & Day Out




Simply Irresistible
Here is my dad in Korea. Now 83, with chronic UTI peeing blood in agony denied any pain relief because the DEA haressing our docs using CDC PROP lies. He suffering so much today he told a random person he wants to kill himself. This is how our county treats our vets and elderly.
Amen Sister! I am chronic pain patient as well. Had 3 brain surgeries trying not to take opioids for rare Trigeminal Neuralgia disability. Surgeon messed up, ended up w/Merca in Brain cavity. Strong antibiotics via groshen catheter neart. Now need so many opioids which were taken
The neart was supposed to be near heart. Don’t know what happened there.
The First Lady Melania Trump is a very classy intelligent woman, also gracious ! She too is one of the best First Lady our country has had!!!!
And the most beautiful I might add
Thanks...
we love you Malian, God bless. best first lady ever
Escape.
holy moly.

...DOJ and FBI have been HIDING from Members Of Congress. We’re not only going to DEMAND ANSWERS we’re doing to DEMAND ACTION!…
#MAGA
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS
That includes About 3/4 of Americans
Melania, tell Donald to stay away from Muller he wants to ask question of each thst have 40 starting points leading to self incriminating answer's that Muller already knows the answers, so he can keep his investagation going!
Thank you for noticing the sacrifices made by families. We are the forgotten invisible glue that holds it all together.
Style
A
Ful
Thank you. And, Happy Birthday.  America loves our First Lady.
Hi
Thank You, First Lady , as a Veteran , I have seen too many times , our Military Family's sacrifice go unnoticed . These Devoted American Children, never enlisted in our Military . But they travel and endure hardship to support their Parents and Nation. Sacrificing their Dreams !
Nice think !
You're so phoney
My step dad was a nurse and military like myself also river police sadly died of cancer hourable send off! May he r.i.p.
My step dad reg yeomans was military and river police he had an hounerable send off may he r.i.p.
Hi melania how can i become a US citizen


It’s a fucking crime against humanity that this woman isn’t the President of the United States right now instead of the unfit garbage human we’re stuck with, & if you’re not willing to fix it by raising hell & voting in every election from now till you die, you’re doing it wrong. https://twitter.com/hillaryclinton/status/987786450535055361 …
Please, Leave him! Apologize to our Real POTUS, Obama, for even thinking, he is not,one of us. Then,we will LOVE YOU!!!! Please!!!! I am begging you...
Grow up.   Obama served his time.  Now its Pres Trump's turn.  You don't like it find someone to run against him in 2020
Our Veterans, fight hard,for everyone, to have Equal Rights, Justice, for our National Security. I know,your in trouble. I know this,because you are technically married to trump. For yourself, For your son...Please SHOW us,that you,at Least..have self-respect!
Amen,First Lady,Amen...The Families,of Our Military,especailly when deployed,have the responsibility of taking care of ALL FAMILY MATTERS,and that's a tough assignment,indeed! ...
Actions speak louder than false words
love you sweetheart. Stand by your husband, the greatest man on earth today, fighting to SAVE THE CHILDREN OF GOD.Even the Satanist
what was donald's sacrifice? another few cheeseburgers?

#FreeSchaefferCox
What about Bullying Campaign? Trump is a Cheater and a Bully.
Did you hear about all the children who died when missiles were shot
One is too many! Do you know how many babies are aborted EVERYDAY? By liberals! In America! Selfish irresponsible libs who for a few minutes of passion, won't protect themselves and kill a baby. Not a fetus, a baby with a heartbeat. 

Over a thousand a day
You are a classy person, I’m proud of you as a woman and family person.  If you need volunteers I’m in;  was Guardian ad Liden and case mgr for abused and neglected children & drug addicted parents, B.A. Psychology-Human Development studies.

I need help my adopted sister is robbing me under Federal privacy acts she was California Community College Chancellor and my transcript at Cerritos Community College says I'm active in the program since 12/21/1952 and my DOB   robbing me of my education help  5624741852
You have no idea.
We never had so many people constantly degrading A President. Don’t these people have anything to do!  They should try to find ways to help the poor.  The poor people need someone who can get them A job. Find ways for them to get transportation. Also, give free dental care .
I was one of those that came flying out of the wood work when needed thanks u both for everything that u accomplished.
https://twitter.com/VicBergerIV/status/987293121322078208 …

6/ Given that the allegation in the Steele dossier *isn't* that Trump engaged in any sexual conduct with the women, merely that he watched them urinate on a bed Obama had slept in, Trump's reaction is actually entirely consistent with what the evidence says happened in that room.

Orgullosa de nuestra primera dama, lo único que sienten es envidia por su personalidad y belleza, estamos orgullosa de usted Y toda su familia
Thank you, Our First Lady Melanie! I have SIX military amazing grandchildren!
And please thank them for their service!  from one veteran to your six 
Thank you!
Just one? Which sacrifice are you thanking me for? Which ONE? Jesus!
대한민국은 하나님꺼에요, 
3김, 문, 임 , 껏이 않이라고 많이 알여야되요!
You are my hero!
Church, you have the best salt.
Thank you for the recognition dear FLOTUS.
your  sexy  you look like wonder woman
I love u and Mr.trump...
Thank you for this.  Was a military kid
 Dad served 23 yrs in air force.
Thank him, please, for his servive...And yes, to you too! 

DOING GOOD AND MANY AMERICANS HAVE YOUR BACK, BAD THING HAPPEN, CHIN UP.....................MOVING ON.
H
Thank you First Lady
why aren't vets taken care of under the military budget?  GOP has been screwing vets for years!  you enable it!
We welcome you and love you!! Besides your Beautiful !
Thank you for restoring dignity and compassion to our White House.  Tons of people are praying for you and your husband;  for strength and courage to continue your excellent representation of the values of America.  We love and respect you.
You are an inspiration - keep up the great work!  Everyone needs someone to look up to - you are that person for so many people!  Thanks for your great work.  May God bless you and your family.
Remember, you will always be a First Lady in history of the U.S. and memorialized. That is a terrific responsibility and honor.
Unuseful sacrifices killing and bombing kids and civilians
What about our fellow Americans? #PuertoRico
You and your family are doing a great job
Thank you 1st Lady! We love you!!#MAGA
America is making tremendous sacrifices each & everyday, simply by tuning in to what SPANKY is doing to destroy this great country.
Yo Way Or You Whith A DB Like Donl Trump You Know He Going To Cheet On You What You Need A Black Man That Do You Right As The Old Song Say It Keep Move One And Find A Good Man
Yes, and your husband needs to go to Arlington cemetery and find the 5 men who took his place in Viet Nam and pay his respects.

Hii
You are presidential. Keep up your good work!
Melania Trump plagiarizes and poses nude. Immigrated to US on visa.  Brought her parents over.  Such a HYPOCRITE!
Thank You Lady Melania
Amen Thank you
What about your child? He needs to be out from under the mess caused by your husband. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR. WHY HAS HE NEVER SAID ANYTHING BAD ABOUT PUTIN. U KNOW...DONT YOU.
@Luciano09480407 
You are standing strong with all the attacks thrown your way.  May God bless you and keep you... with peace and insight....We love and pray for you and your husband...
Thank you for all you and your husband
Do
We want #syriastrikes ended now... It is obvious fraud and only helping terrorists.
That's good
You're so beautiful and pretty face
As a Mother who lost a child this is just disgraceful for the families.this money could of gone to helping the sick and suffering. do you know a addict has no place to go to get help for free?
Thank you for being so supportive to our defenders
Thank you so much... You have so much class as a first lady so refreshing
Yes refreshing! It's nice to be proud of our first lady again!
Not surprising you tweet about everything but @StormyDaniels .  When will you make a public statement to support your 'loving husband' and denounce the porn star as a liar?
Let me guess.  Your pre-nup prevents you  from keeping your only baby. Donnie has you over a barrel. He has convinced you that he is stronger than you.  Don't believe it honey. You are stronger than you think!  Take a leap of faith and tell the truth.
I have so much respect for you and your family. God Bless you.
World ends tomorrow s.o.s
Maintain Ambient Temperature with : 1. SUSTAINABLE ENERGY  2. FRUIT-FLOWER  GARDEN  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING & MULTY FUNCTION. 4. LOCAL COMMUNITY DEV.  (At Franchise)  VILLA/RESORT/COTTAGE.  BEP 6 YEARS As Property. Save EARTH with INCOME. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS


If they do it for you , they will do it to you .. #get out of the storm (y)
you are a lovely lady, the best the USA has had for a long time, elegant, and with a beauty that only enhances your heart condition, a love of life and people, God bless you and your family
@FLOTUS , really? w/ all the sh&t going on w/ U & @realDonaldTrump ? F this guy up & leave his lying, cheating a*s in the WH. I’m truly sorry that U got caught up in this F’d up chaotic admin. Do UR-self a favor & just “GET OUT” - History will not look favorable on the TRUMP ERA.
She doesn’t want to give up that money.

Hate the trumps get back @BarackObama  and @MichelleObama  back for America
She’s still not talking to you huh..
Just love you dear beautiful First Lady representing USA with grace, elegance, great communication, love of family and love of USA.  Keep hope; keep faith!

Spot on.
Love you first lady!
Please don't forget us Vietnam veterans that are dying every day from Agent Orange. Like me.Please help us. The government has denied our pleas for financial help ever since that war ended. Please don't spit on us anymore.

Is Barron taking ROTC classes? He'd be the first in his family to serve in the military. Although, wasn't your father a communist in Yugoslavia? Bet he's taught Barron more than daddy has.
Again our FLOTUS' shown just how superior she is to those who try to demean & belittle her. They can never attain the respect and honor that she receives from us who recognize true inner beauty and humility. She represents a great America & makes us proud!
Keep up the great work you are focusing on--We are so fortunate to have such a beautiful, caring Lady in the White House!  Don't be discouraged by those who are envious of you, and have nothing good to say, or do for our Country! God Bless you!
We know you did not write this but thumbs up for the acknowledgement.
Classy
#i #iamamilitarychild - when people ask me where I'm from,  I answer: America.  
Thank you Melania I have two grandchildren that’s in the military
@GottaLaff @wendybyrdm @AngieCoiro Looks like we have a new character!   Everyone say "Hi" to Barbara Moore.

 "Barbara Moore claims she had a six-month affair with Trump and had sex with him in front of her friend. It happened while Trump’s then-fiance Marla Maples was pregnant with his daughter Tiffany." https://twitter.com/alamedamark/status/986009153280786433 …
انت عاهرة
Primeira Dama fala para seu Marido, larga mão de Guerra vem para o Mato Grosso dar uma pescada no Pantanal de Mato Grosso Brasil e relaxar comendo uma cabeça de Pacu, bom demais.
It’s more than your husband would ever do, scared draft dodger!
You can do better.  Divorce him now, be a role model for girls everywhere by standing UP for yourself.  Do the right thing.  When its over, increase your anti bullying efforts.  Show the women of the world what kind of lady you really are, the one we know you to be.
I feel just sorry for you. No self respect. Doesn’t mean I don’t like you, just feel sorry for you.


No war on Syria
Thank You! I'm a 30 year combat vetran with multiple tours. And my son in law is too! Now my son is also! Didn't plan on that to happen! Thx
عليكم بمساعدت   الشعب السوري بكل ا لوساءل
ايتها الجميلة الاطفال والنساء في سوريا   يموتون على ايدي المجرم بشار الاسد والعالم يتفرج اين هيا الانسانية اين الجيش الامريكي الجرار
We love you Melania, thank you for doing a wonderful job.


Please thank Barron for all the sacrifices he has made. Also, thank you for all you have sacrificed.
Lol
Thanks FLOTUS!
Love too..
#HOETUS but your creepy, deplorable husband doesn’t care if they starve. #hypocite
And for those with family fighting in Syria, we're sorry that my husband's unapproved-by-Congress bombing may make them targets of Syrian and Russian reprisals. #ThoughtsAndPrayers
Thank you so much for the Support Madam 1st Lady Melania Trump!
USA
NO. Thank YOU for staying married to an asshole and serial woman groper. It's easy to be a soldier but HARD to have your kind of love for MONEY that keeps you loving the WH.
Hi Melania. Are you going to send out any prayers for Barbara Bush? You could copy from Michelle and Hillary
You may want to get your son into robotics upcoming hot field buy him small robot help him put it together

"I Can Be Raped, Killed": Lawyer For Kathua Child's Family Alleges Threat https://www.ndtv.com/video/news/news/i-can-be-raped-killed-lawyer-for-kathua-child-s-family-alleges-threat-482949 … via @ndtv

Asifa की Lawyer Deepika Singh Rajawat की खुली चुनोती बलात्कारियो को https://youtu.be/za29yKe3yOk  via @YouTube

Hear the Chilling Details of the Kathua Rape Chargesheet | The Quint https://youtu.be/j13jNwZGzOI  via @YouTube

Kathua Case Investigator Shwetambari Sharma Speaks To Republic TV | EXCL... https://youtu.be/PsftNOgU-38  via @YouTube
Amen!!
Dont suport war, because that dosent bring enuthing good to enhywhan espachely  to famyles of soughers of eny saight.  Just rumembher Yugoslavia.
I hear you told #DotardDonnie to go pound sand (or something else) for a week. Enjoy the time off.
Ohhh Donald!! Ohhh Melani oops Stormyyy Ohhhh Donald !!! O Stormyyyy fuckkk meeee suck me piss on me Baby!!!!
If you cared about kids you'd do something about sick dotard, fake flotus #StormyDanielsDay #TrumpColluded #TrumpTreason #25thAmendmentNow #FakePresident
Yes thank you service man,and we support your heroism.
Melania you are too sweet of a person to put up with somebody like your husband
Thank you to #StormyDaniels for showing the world  the true #pig you decided to have a life with for the sake of another #LouisVuitton  #golddigger
U posses a very kind heart melina, thanks for ur kind jesture for soldiers , no matter which country they belong too
You are terrible
#FirstWhore
We love and respect you Melania!!
Amen and Amen

