
Thank you Mrs. President for making them so welcome and for Making America Proud Again!!!  #ClassandGrace
Yes!!!
Making America Proud Again
I like MAPA. 
Me too!  Wish I knew how to make a 'real' hashtag...   #MAPA
#blahblahblah
What's a noob?
????
Happy Birthday Dear Melania

Clothed or not, she's beautiful. You jelly, troll? I thought you Libs were for empowering women . What's with the shaming?
Sold herself to the higheat bidder. Now she's a bitter woman who knows she's a joke to the world
Yep jealous
REPUBLICANS FAMILY VALUES

So proud of our beautiful and gracious First Lady
I pity you.
You (try to) embarrass someone just to get 'recognition'.
She is the one that illegally immigrated.
She is the one that liked about her education & background.
She is the one that promoted her husband's racist agenda again Obama.

F her.
What a wonderful job you did @FLOTUS and Happy Birthday to you - we you! #KAG
Kids love and admire our @FLOTUS @POTUS #EmpoweringWomen #HappyBirthdayFLOTUS #MelaniaTrump #TBT #KAG
Great job.  You represented us well.  Thank you.
Happy birthday mrs.Trump & many happy returns!
You ARE CLASSY and ELEGANT as always! You did our country proud! #RealAmericansLoveYou
You are FABBBBBulous @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP!! Thank you for your fantastic Job at the state dinner. 

And.....HAPPY BIRTHDAY  !!!! 

I pray you have a fabulous and blessed day!!! 

I reported you for spam. 

You are spamming.
Reported for spam
Truth hurts?
Happy Birthday  gorgeous First Lady. Keep making us proud and thank you for all the class that you represent our great country
Happy Birthday to our beautiful & elegant First Lady.
Happy birthday @FLOTUS
Matthew 5:11-12
“Blessed are you when they revile and persecute you, and say all #kinds of #evil against you falsely for My #sake. #Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for great is your #reward in #heaven, for so they persecuted the #prophets who were before you.
You give our beloved United States of America a good name First Lady Melania Trump!  A Very Happy and Blessings-filled Birthday to you
#HistoryIn4Words
Most Beautiful FLOTUS Ever

We love you, Melania, for bringing class & elegance with the right priorities to the White House.

Thank You For All You Do To
  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

   Hope Your 48th Birthday
     Was Spectacular 
May Your Wishes Come True
.@FLOTUS ‘ name is Melania and for you to equate a gorilla with Michael Obama is  if you feel that way.  A lot of ppl think George W. Bush looks like a munkey with a lower IQ.  Now what
Please translate what Michelle Obama was conveying here..? 
#TheFive
You won’t answer the question because you are boxed in.

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder 
Put your helmet on, get out of bed, snag your crayons, and do some art therapy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @FLOTUS!!!! God bless you!
Thank you Mrs. President for showing such grace and beauty and for Making America Proud Again!!!  #MAPA #MAGA
It was a friendly gesture meant to be funny... geez GET A SENSE OF HUMOR!
It was an ape like gesture meant to embarrass and humiliate the French president.  Throughout the visit Trump did everything he could to show dominance of Macron.

Happy birthday to the First Lady.  You are doing a wonderful job!
#HappyBirthdayFirstLady
Day #460 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) really enjoyed the fancy, hostage funded festivities on behalf of an actually elected leader and an actual (clothes on) First Lady!
@jamesalandarby
She's been nothing but a class act for the last 460 days.  Classy appearance, classy mannerism and drop dead gorgeous.  Hasn't got a bad word to say about anyone and yet they attack her at every turn.  Shame on the jealousy.
Yeah, it was real classy when she went on TV and supported birtherism! Real ladylike!
How is that anything to do with being ladylike?  How is she money grabbing when she entered the marriage very wealthy?  I'd rather her there than Hillary who gets child rapists off...ugh
I'm block it.
yeah!
Happy Birthday to our First Lady of United States 
Happy birthday to the best first lady ever 
worst first lady ever lazy
 Russians are also in need of a big Summer party_to make them imagine a.gain
You are a blessing to #USA our dear @FLOTUS !
Bravo Melania!
I now know who helped you made milions Donald she was making such dinners that you won the contracts.
Best wingman ever to your bisnesses is you wife like in Airforce. Congratulation to both of you.
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump!!!!  BTW, you rocked that dress you wore to the State Dinner.  And that white hat - WOW!!!
You looked beautiful !!!!
You did a great job Melania. You make the WH sparkle with joy and happiness again. This is how the WH should always be. Best First First lady in years. God bless you, President Trump and family. I hope you get this bc Twitter is not being nice. Love
You did a fantastic job Melania. Thanks.
 Happy Birthday Lady Melania 
It was an honor to have the President of France officially visit the U.S. and thank you to the First Lady for her making the occasion beautiful in all ways.
So nice to see the true love between Emmanuel and Bridgette! You and Mr. Dennison...not so much.
Happy Birthday Mrs Trump. You represented the United States with elegance and class. Thank you for all you do.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR STUNNING @FLOTUS
And you did a marvelous job FLOTUS, so proud of you.
Happy Birthday 
Happy Birthday #FLOTUS 
Happy birthday @FLOTUS
Very Well Done, Awesome Job Representing World Relationships for our Great Nation!!!
Class in the Whitehouse once again
wow   460 days in the WH and you finally accomplished something......   when are  you going to start your  cyber  bulllying campaign?
Happy birthday Melania you are a wonderful first lady and please know we love you
Happy Birthday to a very beautiful First Lady.
WOW !! Thats OUR America? Thank you so much with representing us in the most favorable of light. God Bless.
You did a fabulous job!
WOW...!!!
Our @FLOTUS is a beautiful and elegant lady...! 
Thank you, @MELANIATRUMP; I’m very proud of you! 
With all due respect FLOTUS, a state dinner is not a state dinner without members of different political parties. Read about Dolly Madison.
Did you cook the meal yourself? If you did, THEN and ONLY THEN, do you have something to brag about. Anyone can hire other people to do the real work. You know, it might be a good idea for you to start working to solve HUNGER IN AMERICA instead of this BS.
I'll pray for you and your husband, family for God's Protection and peace and joy! 
God Bless
MJZ
Happy Birthday Dear Flotus ...... God's blessings on you.
Beautiful, elegant, timeless classical designs, charm and charisma.  You are an amazing gem of a First Lady.
I want to wish our beautiful First Lady a happy birthday and we love you!
It was the most beautiful State Dinner Since the Kennedys occupied the WHITEHOUSE, MELANIA BROUGHT GREAT BEAUTY,GRACE AND ELEGANCE BACK TO OUR beautiful Capitol..Thank you to the the President and our awesome FIRST LADY
Happy Birthday to a gracious FLOTUS and many more blessed years ahead!
I am so proud of the First Lady so elegant
BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!
You did a great job.  Proud of you.

You follow a pornstar, retort when your mouth isn't full of hypocrisy
Happy Birthday! I’m so proud to call you FLOTUS! 
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS 
You did a wonderful job & as always you looked absolutely beautiful! 
8:00 am: President Trump, "What did you get your wife for her birthday"? 
Oh, a big card & beautiful flowers. 

8:00 pm: North & South Korean Leaders shake hands & cross the demilitarized line etching Melania's birthday in history books. 

Happy Birthday @FLOTUS from @POTUS 
MELANIA can you ask President to veto the bill LAW 447

POLAND  is afraid that it will have to pay for damage caused by the Germans during WW2

POLAND suffered the most from EVERYONE

look this movie
https://youtu.be/Q88AkN1hNYM?t=14 … …

#DonaldTrump loves #Poland and POLAND loves him 
Happy Birthday Melania and may our beautiful Father in Heaven bless you and yours. You are a National Treasure and we love you. Happy, Happy Birthday and Happy Everyday.
National treasure ???
Yes. You have a problem with that? Jealous much?
Let's have a conversation about human trafficking
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump!  Thank you for all you do for us.  May God hold you and your family close and may HE send his Angles to Guard you in Hard Times! Love, Vicky @victoria_smario
Happy Birthday to our BEAUTIFUL First Lady
BEAUTIFUL!! So PROUD of our FLOTUS!
It was beautifully well done ma'am
So proud to feel like an American again. Thank you and God bless our 
#awesome #beautiful #Talented #classiest #Gorgeous #FLOTUS that there will ever be
Everything looked so wonderful. You looked beautiful and you made America look beautiful as well. My husband served in the Marine Corps earned 2 Purple Hearts and he is proud of our President. Thank you 
Proud of you and POTUS!!
So proud of FLOTUS! 
You did an incredible job with the State Dinner. Thank you for representing our country with such grace, beauty and sophistication. You and the POTUS are a welcome breath of fresh air in American politics. Happy Birthday!!
You couldn't send somebody to go get something? But you have time to thank @kanyewest. https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/26/politics/melania-trump-birthday-present/index.html … @CNN
And we’re supposed to look at your Fake News link?? 
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME By FRANCHISE VILLA/RESORT  with 1. VARIOUS SUSTAINABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRTCULTURE GARDEN Tourism  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING Tourism  4. LOCAL CULTURE Tourism.  BEP 6 YEARS as Property. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME By FRANCHISE VILLA/RESORT  with 1. VARIOUS SUSTAINABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRTCULTURE GARDEN Tourism  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING Tourism  4. LOCAL CULTURE Tourism.  BEP 6 YEARS as Property. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Delightful Dinner Party. Thank you for sharing it with us.
You are amazingly beautiful and gracious.
You sparkle!
Have a Blessed Birthday
Nice job FLOTUS
I was waiting for you to post the lovely birthday card and flowers from @realDonaldTrump?!?! 


⚘

Didn't feel like lying for him on your special day?
Elegance cannot be purchased..
Superb!!!
Beautiful dinner setting. Elegance & Class. Thank you for being such a great FLOTUS 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Happy Birthday Melania  I hope I look as good as you when I’m 48!! Your fashion is just amazing as well. Hope your day was total awesomeness 

Absolutely exquisite in every way! We're so proud of you. Your beautiful heart, dedication to our country & the grace you show in rising above those who seek to divide make you a First Lady to respect & admire. Sending love & Happy Birthday wishes to you! God bless you!
Thank you....
@realDonaldTrump 

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!  

To the most Beautiful & Elegant First Lady to grace our White House!

Wishing you the Best of Wishes on your special day!

  Thank You for all that you do.  America Loves You!  
Happy birthday, @flotus  Thank you for bringing class back to the White House.  Too bad your taste in partners has deteriorated with age
"Happy Birthday First Lady!"
Happy Birthday Melania!
Thank you for all your work!
You did an awesome job FLOTUS
So very elegant.....Happy Birthday Melania!
@FLOTUS you were stunningly perfect in every way.
You complement the Presidency WH @realDonaldTrump 
Happy Birthday. Would love for you to come.speak at one of my Women of Steel Meetings. We need a strong woman with a good heart that can speak to other women to let them know that our contributions help society. You are a beautiful person with a big heart.  Please contact me.
OMG FLOTUS you rock. You looked gorgeous and the whole event was exquisite. Happy happy birthday! 
And you did a superb job. Please dont listen to those left whiners, and i think you made that hat come to life. Carry on. MAGA!!!
Happy birthday  Melania
Everything looks perfect! We are so very blessed and delighted to have you as our First Lady. I think you are the best one we have ever had! We are praying for your family, especially for protection!!
you did a wonderful job hosting the President of France. Millions of Americans were proud of you!
Happy Birthday to the best first lady!
Happy birthday Melania you're doing a great job as first lady! May you have many many many more Happy Birthdays
♡♡♡ thank you for being so CLASSY & for sharing ♡♡♡
Happy Birthday Flotus!
Happy Birthday! To our most beautiful Flotus
You are a wonderful and extremely classy First Lady!
Wishing you a belated Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday To our Fantabulous First Lady!  Wishing you the very best today and always! Xoxo
So elegant and beautifully done. As an event manager I know that the flawless easy flow of an event, means the management and workers have given their ALL! BRAVO FIRST LADY & WH STAFF, YOU MAKE US ALL PROUD! 
Happy Birthday first lady! God bless you!
@SandraTXAS    First  Lady   Thank You for sharing 
You did a lovely job. 
You look Amazing, such elegance!
Happy Birthday Melania! 
Love,
The Ramirez Family =D
Thank you For the beautiful job you did for our Country. You are just lovely!  Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS ~ May you have a beautiful evening. 
Roses are red 
Violets are blue 
The WH has never been blessed with such beauty and grace like you...Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday
Happy  Birthday to our First Lady! The State Dinner looked so elegant and beautiful , and so did you.
*
How Blessed we are to have a Beautiful #FirstLady 
in our White House with such elegance and class!  

. . . and what gorgeous hair, eyes, and smile you have!

@FLOTUS
We hope your day has been as Beautiful as You are!

*
Happy birthday to a great first lady
very beautiful
Have a Blessed Birthday. Greetings from Slovenia.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST FLOTUS EVER

LOVE U
@realDonaldTrump   Happy Birthday to the most beatiful ever Flotus Melania!!!!!!!
Nice job, well done and happy birthday FLOTUS !!
It looked divine
Happy Birthday!
Dear Melania,  many Happy returns on the day of thy Birth, may sunshine and gladness be given and may the Dear Father prepare thee on earth for a more Beautiful Birthday in Heaven!!
God bless you and our President every day.  Happy Birthday to you, our elegant First Lady.  We love you!
Happy Birthday! Sto Lat!
Hello

You did an amazing job, Melania! You make us very proud as our First Lady!!! 

I noticed how low you made the flower arrangements ... allowing for conversations across the table over dinner... BRILLIANT... I FOR ONE... couldn't be happier for the BEAUTY & GRACE you bring to our White House...
You make us PROUD
You rocked it melania!!!
You deserve every second with this POS
It's an honor to have you as our first lady, Melania! It looks like you put on a beautiful and fantastic first state dinner. Sending you love, peace, and blessings! Love our @FLOTUS 
Love the Las Vegas vibe--okay, now you can leave your cheating husband whom you clearly hate with the heat of thousand suns.
You know you doing it right when all Left hates it #winning @CNN @maddow @jaketapper #MSM
It looks stunning!
You looked so beautiful in your hat
Thank you Ma'am for your grace, hospitality and strength even in the face of the evil that comes against your family.
GLORY!!
Melania you are the best!!!

You were amazing Melanie!!  You make us so proud!  Thank you for all that you are doing!
Beautifully done
What a wonderful First Lady! America and the world is proud of her! God Bless Her for being such a wonderful representative of our nation.
We're wondering What President Trump gives first lady Melania Trump @MELANIATRUMP on her 48th. birthday.
 He is so proud of Melania and loves her very much  https://cnn.it/2Hy3poj 
Beautiful !
How refreshing to have such a lovely, intelligent, mannered First Lady!  I'm so proud you are our FLOTUS!  You are such an inspiration to women and little girls!!!   Way to go!  Love how you are representing the US.
@FLOTUS what a beautiful and amazing job you have done. You are truly a gracious First Lady. Happy birthday yesterday.
Happy Birthday Melania!
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS Melania!!!  Hope your day is filled with treasures of love, happiness and family!  God Bless!
Happy birthday 
It would really be great if all Americans would join and support our president and first lady our country is in better shape now than it has been 30 years and it’s going to get better wake up America
white flowers to match the French wartime flag. Nice touch.
Happy birthday! I hope your day is happy and your husband makes it special. Although... given his comments on Fox this morning it doesn’t sound like that is going to happen. Filing divorce papers would be a nice gift to yourself. 
You did an absolutely incredible job planning this important diplomatic event.  You hold your position with such beauty, dignity, and grace.  We couldn’t be more blessed to have you as our @FLOTUS!
May you have a wonderful birthday.  You and yours are always in my prayers.
The White House has not seen such beauty, grace, imagination, innovation before! God bless our most patriotic and caring FLOTUS!
Hope your birthday wish comes true. I think we are all wishing the same thing.
Well done! And Happy Birthday!
Absolutely spectacular! Thank you @FLOTUS You make America proud again! #ClassAct
Your a class act and the hat was beautiful!
Nice VIDEO
Happy birthday!!
I don’t blame you for never wanting to hold his hand
Happy birthday #ShitholeFamilyMILF !
Enjoy your last sexparty in the WH !
UNTRUMP THE WORLD-FREE TWITTER
  http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
  https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Dude!  Pull yourself together.  This is unhealthy.
* CHRISTIAN *  
Thx4 showing what sort of "arguments" #FakePresident uses. 
 
 BTW: feel free 2 watch andTRY to understand(according to your lights)the HYMN OF RESISTANCE
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
Tired of all those senseless, very lastTrumpSwampSupports´and-bots replies always repeating the same dumb trash? You won´t convert those real crybabies!Via NEW SITE http://blockinglist.com  you…
Happy Birthday, Melania from POLAND

#DonaldTrump loves #Poland  and POLAND loves YOU. 

We thank you for your visit to POLAND in 2017 and a beautiful speech. You showed the whole world of the Spirit of POLAND like NO ONE BEFORE. 

We invite YOU to POLAND this year
No ear ring, no necklace. 
Simple and classy.
Belated happy birthday.
Such Beautiful work you did First Lady on the first State dinner. You are So polished and Beautiful. You are our version of Princess Diana.
You should have included Donald’s forceful handgrab.
Happy Birthday Melania. We are so happy you are our First Lady. You represent our. Ountry with style and grace. It has been too long since we have seen such beauty in our WH.  LOVE to you The Donald and young Barron.   God's blessings be with you. @realDonaldTrump #releasetexts

Happy birthday @FLOTUS ! May all of your wishes come true. You are amazing. Thanks for all you do. God Bless You and Yours 
Happy Birthday  to You First Lady   
Happy Birthday  to You First Lady   
Happy Birthday  to You First Laaaaaaady   
Happy Birthday  to Yooooou.. Our Great First Lady  
Beautifully displayed / Hoping your bday is just as special....
Happy birthday
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY FLOTUS HAVE A GREAT ONE AND ENJOY..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST BEAUTIFUL 1ST LADY IN THE WORLD!
Happy birthday Melania
God bless♡.
Happy Birthday, First Lady!
Proud to have you as America’s First Lady!
Thank you for your hard work!!! Classy, kind, encouraging, graceful....you represent USA so beautifully!
God bless and THANK YOU FLOTUS
@realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump! I hope you had a wonderful day celebrating your life & I hope you have a very blessed coming birthday year. Thank you for ALL you do as #FLOTUS & for loving & supporting @POTUS our selfless & phenomenal President Trump #MAGA
From all us Patriots to our Beautiful First Lady!
Beautiful job y'all! Wondered if y'all had an Official Guest List we could see? Thank you @POTUS
You are the most elegant and beautiful First Lady ever and you’re doing an amazing job! We love you and pray for you and hope you had a wonderful birthday!! 
Ton mari t'a souhaité Joyeux Anniversaire? Il tweet comme un fou, mais rien sur ton jour...Je t'avais dit plusieurs fois qu'etre #sugarbaby vient avec un fort prix. Un marriage doit se construire pour l'amour, pas pour les interets...
Everything you wore and every detail that you planned was stellar!   I'm so proud of our First Family for the first time in years! 
Happy Birthday! America loves you as our First Lady!
He has big problems similar to what Donald is trying to avoid
Dear Meliana did u and ur french fried guest ate human flesh of syrians yemenis libiyans in the dinner, the flesh which your Islamic jihadist killed there in the name of color revolution. Which country u wud like to distroy next Dear Maliana to drink their blood. USA USA USA
To a most beautiful , classy, intelligent FLOTUS!
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania; you are a TRUE beauty inside & out. Thank you for making EVERY AMERICAN CITIZEN of GOOD WILL so very proud of your representation! God Bless your heart & keep you. our @POTUS and the entire 1st Family safe & strong!
