If Stormy Daniels was paid 130k to keep shut about spanking Trump with a magazine.... How much is Trump paying you to keep your mouth shut about Russian Collusion?
Oh my this can’t be easy on her. I am not a #trump fan but I feel for his wife! #Melania #FreeMelania #maga
Said the old cat lady...You poor dear.
I’m just wondering because I have not threatened you are don’t even know you! You don’t know me so why did you feel the need to tweet me this? Are you insecure that you have to make others feel bad? Something going on in your life?
I have a happy life, I’m just wondering what kind of human being would troll someone on Twitter like this!
Trolls a harsh word dear. Let's say 1) Twitter ( everything's a challenge ) Let's just say envíe is not an attractive virtue. Not a bot.
Oh ok so you're jealous! Ok it makes sense because I was just wondering what I did to you!
Nope. That's its fine for you to attack the first lady seems disrespectful, mean, uncalled for... What's the woman's crime? #Hypocrisy
Thank you FLOTUS for being a wonderful representation of our country. God bless you 

thank God we have a gorgeous first lady! i don’t think you could do the same with a photo of slick willy! 
Gorgeous is better than intelligence and doing good for Americans?  Harvey Weinstein much?
Intelligence? She speaks 5 languages, how many do you speak? Harvey Weinstein?
You missed my point completely. Beauty should not be the first thing to describe a First Lady. Her contributions to the country, her intellect, her as a good partner to the president is much more important. I wasn't trashing her at all, I was trashing your fellow lughead.
me a lughead? ha! you missed MY point completely!
I didn't. Don't add me to you lame lists. Just another online bully. Tired of rude comments. Sarcasm doesn't always come across well when we don't personally no each other.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who struggle with addiction!
I think it doesn't matter if you're Republican or Democrat, this opiate addiction effects everyone in America and around the world. I know, I have 2 boys that are in their 30s, ones in jail and the other one is on the Run. And I hope they find him before he's dead.
My friends son died at 20 from opioids. I wish the government and sessions would focus on this, meth and heroin over pot.
I agree with that for sure! My husband born with Cerebral Palsy has chronic back pain, and is on powerful opioids that he needs. I know pot would help him more than all these opioids he has to take. He's so depressed, cuz he can't do anything anymore like he used to. It s my 
Oh I’m so sorry for both of you . Yes it would.  It is the most scientifically studied plant and has proven to help pain, depression, anxiety & so much more.  You might check into CBD oil that has no THC in it for him-not knowing what state you are in-but it would help him.
His insurance wouldn't pay for it for one, and 2nd it's not legal in Wisconsin. And 45 is totally against it and I don't understand why. There are children with epilepsy and seizures where marijuana oils help and sometimes stop seizures and epilepsy.
Not true...he has neverc said he was against Medical Marijuana.
Sessions is....hes making it a big deal - and going after states that have legalized it.
@AndrewTroutMD  
@FLOTUS and @CincyChildrens bless you for your untiring efforts in helping our children. Kudos!

Most loved American lady. 
Speaking of children with somebody please help lower the prices of the daycare and this country? It's the price of another house payment
Not cutting funding would be a good start. But I'm sure a porn star escort who married her sugar daddy would know more about that than the rest of us.

We feel sorry for you every day!
please stop by @Skyline_Chili and house a couple coneys. maybe a five way if you’ve got some tums and can be near a toilet for the next few hours


@FLOTUS  you are such a loving woman. I cry sometimes at night for the way your family is treated. But you pull me out of it because you are a brave loving woman. An inspiration to the world.  If only all women could be so loving and smart as you are.
We can start by affordable treatment which does not exist. We can hold drug companies accountable. We can have more sober living houses that sober woman and their children can live  at.
I agree 100%. I think the drug companies and the doctors that are describing these powerful opiates should have to pay to get these people clean and sober, too many kids are suffering because their parents are on drugs. They didn't ask for this. Thank you
This national crisis needs to be a top@priority. Lost 2 family members and have a daughter battling it. Addiction impacts all of us
I hope your daughter finds relief soon and my heart hurts for your loss. Addiction is devastating.
Thank you so much. Addiction is one of the toughest to deal with in part because people don’t think it’s a disease.
When will you begin your online bullying campaign? Seems @POTUS was again namecalling this morning. Starts at the top.
It was too big of a job....her husband is the number one cyber bully 
she defended his bullying...
Yes she did...and I think sadly she is not only an enabler but verbally and emotionally abused.  Yet life is full of choices . I would just love to see her leave him!
And I'd love to see your proof of these outrageous claims.

DON'T PISS ME OFF
Why - you going to take your 14 followers and go away?
So your new project is opiods...keep flinging and see what sticks.
Divorce the CRIMINAL POS.
She likes criminals her dad was a criminal it must just running her blood she's a bad woman now she's going to have lots and lots of kids so I hope she's happy it makes me laugh
Thank you for everything you do. Love having you as our FLOTUS.
It would be better if you left children alone. Look how you treat your son. Making him come off the plane last. When was the last time you hugged him & told him you loved him?
Ah, she good to her son.  Who bathed their son in caviar and milk followed by a caviar body rub!  These folks are nuts!
What about the people that are not abusing them ??and really need them

I totally agree. I just wish people would notice the #MethEpidemic as well.
Preach! #Tweekers are out of control. The irony of #zombieflicks coming out when #meth has everyone looking like the walking dead is crazy. Denying people who really need pain killers is pushing people to heroin. It’s easier & cheaper to get. We will never end the war on drugs.

Go find a man that won't cheat on you. He's done it more than once and you know it. Your value is worth more than that.
You go find a man for yourself sir
Big pharma pushes opioids that hook people for life forcing them to purchase cheaper street drugs from dangerous criminals! Why not go to the cause, greed & lawlessness along with the agenda of the decades old deep self serving state that threatens America! you and Donald!
U will be Soo happy to have 5-6 more KIDS U don't want to try and breast feed with your breasts implants U will go down to real smaller tits and U would not like that how many kids do U think U will end up with??? IS Barron going to be happy??? R U going to b

LOVE YOU
This country needs real cures for people. What the pharmaceutical companies want to do is treat symptoms. This must stop!
Perhaps more importantly is finding solutions to end gun violence that is brought into our childrens schools 
And yet trump is doing nothing to help.
You don't really believe that do you?
Very nice words. We know that Saudi Arabia is pumping billions of dollars to buy weapons to finance Yemenis for war. But it is best to take into consideration the Yemeni communities in the United States of America in the midst of war. Thank you very much.
Tell your husband to quit trying to take access to affordable healthcare for starters.
I'm in the same situation as you and so is my son our health care was fine until Obama's stoled our Healthcare
Lie
We welcome you to our Buckeye state, enjoy your visit. 

Ok cool. Trump is one unpatriotic moron. If you can’t see that he is trying to disrupt the stability of our great nation then you’re one obtuse SOB.
You need to look up the definition of "unpatriotic" and if you think it applies to Trump, you are the moron. FYI, I'm not an SO, just a B but a patriotic B who doesn't like #FLOTUSTrolls.
So love of country includes disparaging the departments that thanklessly work to keep Americans safe from terrorists and to uphold the law for personal gain? Trump is guilty and he knows it which is why he’s smearing the FBI/DOJ.
You are in serious need of education and/or deprogramming. Have you ever read the Constitution?
Hillary is dead to me. Trump is president. Stop deflecting.
@flotus is the caliber of individual we want coming into this country. Speaking 5+ languages is obnoxiously impressive
Have you heard her speak 5 languages? She did lie about her education after all.  I'm sure she can offer her services in 5 languages, but that's not the same as being fluent in them.
Not hard to understand why Angel has less then20 followers 
Did you mean less *than 20 followers? Only high-schoolers worry about how many followers they have on Twitter. (Or how many people were at inauguration or watching SOTU)!
Oh riiiiight, has no reflection on how uninteresting people find your tweets  Gotch ya
Oh, darn, you "gotch" me. Thanks for checking out my profile!  Hope you have a great day as I'm sure you will find that your tweets will not age well.
Riiiiiight  Seems to me that the left said Trump would never be president 
Keep in mind the DNC is bankrupt while the RNC is rolling in $. These Marxists only believe propaganda that enhances their already jaded worldview
Let me guess and what you’re saying is Trump has class, isn’t vile, nasty, has manners and etiquette? Thanks for the laugh 
Keep up the good work. God bless.
Thanks to you and your family for the huge sacrifices your making for our country! Imagine what our country would be like today if your husband didn't when the Presidency! May God bless you & your family!
Keep storming Melania
we want true
We are in need of financial support for non-profits who operate programs for people in #recovery. Listening for announcements. #opioidcrisis
Drugs.  It must stop.
Starr treating drug addiction for the disease it is. Help them recover stop throwing them in prison. Start with that.
Start*
Thank you Melanie for your concerns!

Outside of salvation given to us by Jesus Christ—children are the greatest gift God can give us
Run, Melania.  Get out while you can.
Jesus, woman, your profile picture...
Before then hide remote from ya husband plz
Thank you for your work with this cause!
Have a good trip in Ohio.  You looked great in the yellow!
God bless you and your family. Thank you for being FLOTUS.
Divorce Your accused Sexual Predator and lousy Potus. He will go down in history as the WORST Potus EVER.   It’s so obvious you are sad. But you could join the ME TOO movement and start living a real life.
Love you Melania!! Thank you for being the sweetest, classiest First Lady ever!!!
Yes our children our future
How's the Cyber bullying campaign going?
How is Stormy errrr....Ivanka doing? Wait which one was the porn star your husband fu€led and which is his daughter again?
What happened to your cyber bullying campaign? You couldn’t get your stalwart hubby to set example?
Honey, no one believes that you care about anything other than getting out of that sham marriage.
I feel so sorry for you.
How do you do it..
One of top 3 pediatric cancer centers. Let Eric know. Saved my grandson.
Stormy subject those@opioids.
@FLOTUS , will you finally take on cyber bullying? And bullying in general. It’s time.
@LexLegisGroup http://www.lexlegisgroup.pl 

Melania had her portrait done, too! 
You poor woman, dragged from your home in NYC to stand by the horror that is your husband. You must be ready to break down. Very sorry for you.
Do us all a favor make your lousy husband quit ...we all know you ain't happy with stormy
While you are out there, please do something about the terrible bully that is your husband. By calling people names, he is a bully. Thought you were going to stand up.
God Bless you
Thank you Flotus. I will keep prayers for both them and your travels. God follow you always!
And also pray for people to leave out drug habits!
@FLOTUS 
The only secret weapon is 100% free quality detox and program 
That’s it
There’s your magic pill

Switching these poor people off of one drug to a expensive drug (suboxone)that by the way is also a opiate is not a solution

There still hooked and dependent
MAT is the proven treatment that works! Educate yourself before posting.
Melania, tell Don not to use cocaine. He can't work " High"
Thank you First Lady!
Thank you for all you do. We love our @FLOTUS
PREZYDENT BY MNIE UKARAŁ GDYBYM DO CIEBIE WSZEDŁ KOCHANIE

"I am a Catholic. He is a priest. It seemed natural to ask the Rev. James Martin if it was morally wrong to enjoy watching professional football, namely the Super Bowl, on Sunday." http://nyti.ms/2GNPR4i 
Mental health @FLOTUS is what is needed.   It's a heroin  epidemic.  I feel so bad for cancer patients and people that need pain meds.  They are grouped as part of an epidemic.
Thank u melania trump@flotus &@cincychildrens 2come &learn what is happening 2innocent children. Either born addicted,or taken away from their families.Point& MOST will continue this #OPOIOD CRISIS BC IT'S ALL THEY KNOW.
We need to invest in all areas& alternatives 2#HELPTHISOPIODCRISIS
#IT'SRIGHTUPTHEIRW/ISIS
Have FDA take them off the market.
Great idea stupid cause an epidemic worse than what we have.There are chronic pain sufferers who need this medication.Take it off the market.force them to the street or suicide.
If you're in pain you know they don't work & you must take more & more because you can't stand anymore pain. Tell me a Rx drug that's cured/healed. It's about making $ never healing.
Pain pills aren't made to heal.surely you are not that dumb?I take pain releivers everyday.I will have to the rest of my life.If they restrict this medication they are going to have an epidemic much higher than this so called opioid http://crap.No  script,go to jail.
ياحياتي
Thank you!

Y’all doing great job miss First Lady I’m pround of having u and trump there it better wish I can get help to make my life easier and my mother in law she lost my farther in law and it be hard
Brian so sorry for your loss praying for you and your family.
WHERE'S STORMY
These kids , they will do anything to get high , they are even eating tide pods ! But not just kids the grown people are strung out on something. The taking way of God and morals and allowing it to be brought here to start !
Yeah as hubby has millions invested in Pharmaceuticals that are the main cause of the opioid crisis. Way to go Melania don't you care about your son at all or is he just another Pawn in your game?
OCZYWIŚCIE ŻE KOCHAM
We don’t want you around our kids!!! Your nothing but a gold digging s*#t!!!
Tell your husband to stop taking bribes from big pharma. That might help.
that's great
Stay silent about our children and our young men are killed by Turkey.
THE PKK PROVOCATIONS !
That’s Great

Thank you for caring and all you do!
You are one special lady. Thank you.
Nobody will blame you if you don't return to the @WhiteHouse .
Actually, you would gain respect.
If a company pours greece over a floor & an innocent citizen slips on it and breaks their back they can sue the company for neglect right why can't these heroin addicts locked up in prison the rest of their life sue the government for overseeing heroine brought n by CIA operative
Thank you for your compassion!
I was actually going to like this until the White House retweeted. Keep doing good things @FLOTUS ; that will separate you from the White House.
Pull up yo pants
Why? Look good!
I pray for the babies effected, I pray life healing power of God unto them
Oh so nice. I was a nurse and so saw it firsthand.Babies in withdrawal and we place our hand and pray they live.
Amen Roger back pain is a bitch more pain pills is needed

I'm looking up here GQ Photo shoot now y'all. 
HOW ABOUT
combatting the effects 
STORMY-TRUMP is having on our children & how we can continue to work towards ending the #stormytrumppresidency?
Talk to your husband. He’s been doing nothing about it.
reach out to me and I’ll tell you how ny system failed my daughter. Never will forget November 2016
Maybe you should have been speaking out against having an ex-big pharma exec taking over as health secretary if you were really interested. I guess you were too distracted from cheating donny and the porn star though to view your concern over the opioid crisis then.
So, are you guys giving up on the election meddling? How about let your president do his job for once. Or better yet, not attack the first lady.
Shut the frig up  45 is guilty as all hell and it will be proven just watch
Thank you First Lady Melania Trump! God Bless you & our family.

MAGA
Wow, whoever is writing these tweets can really talk the talk!  Can you walk the walk?  I haven’t seen anything other the blah blah blah...
Stop the drugs coming in our Country first, treating people after is the backend of the problem and results in a lot of taxpayer money
#Cincinnati appreciates your efforts #FLOTUS and #POTUS .  #MAGA

Bless you @FLOTUS

I just wanted to take a moment to wish Donald Trump and Stormy Daniels a Happy Valentines day!
#HappyValentinesDay
What happened to bullying portfolio- too close to home I guess
Look at all these comments. Who’s bullying who? You have all become what you profess to despise.
You end it by legalizing marijuana.
It's in the manufacturing plants ,the dirty investment produce back door sales at pharmacy locations across America.
Thank You Melania .@FLOTUS 
I fought for 17 years to save my Daughter & my Son-in-Law from Opiod addiction.  God truly intervened on behalf of my 4 grandchildren.  We FOUGHT hard and They Won! Multiple Gens affected... #NeverGiveUp
#GermanDeathCamps #NotPolishCamps
Who runs this twitter page for you? We all know YOU don't. You do as little as you possibly can which makes it fascinating that the Trump followers act like you've accomplished anything. You were dragged to DC against your will & do the ABSOLUTE MINIMUM you can get away with.
You looked amazing as always.  Such poise and class great cause thank you for helping our children.
RIP William H. Erker
You are doing an outstanding job, thank you.
opioid crisis is leading to more child abuse. Foster care endangers children.  Children r dreamers too! Please help!!!! #PIZZAGATEISREAL #opioidcrisis #AmericaFirst #HumanTrafficking
Melania is the only one doing her job in that family. As a liberal mother I feel for you.
Love You.
Great to see you focusing on such an important issue. I'd suggest you look here for some great ideas to help you get started:
If we want to stem the flow of heroin make dealing it a mandatory capital offense at the federal level.That heroin the scum are dealing will kill someone as surly as shooting into a crowded room .
#poormelania
It's time to stop looking at the effects and start dealing with the cause. Doctors ought not be prescribing medicine that kills. RIP Brennan Gaeth.
آمنا بالله ربا وبملآئكته وكتبه ورسله واليوم الآخر أستغفر الله لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات أستغفر السلام لذنبي ولوألدي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات اللهم صلى وسلم تسليما كثيرا وبارك على النبي رسول الله وعلى آله وأزواجه وذريته وصحبه والمؤمنين والمؤمنات يارب العالمين في العالمين أنك حميد مجيد
My doctor has made it more difficult for me to get these meds due to restrictions meant for those that abuse them. I really don't think that's fair at all. We, the people who responsibly use are caught in the crossfire.
I agree!  Responsible people are always penalized for those who are irresponsible.   It really gets tiresome and harder and harder to be empathetic when you try so hard to do the right thing and others don't!
Cutting the budget by 95% probably didn't help.
Thank you Melania, you are so caring. Here is a question for you. During 1914-1918 war men came home totally dependent on morphine an opioid, we had an epidemic, how did we stop that epidemic? It's a 100 years later are we not smarter now? God bless you!
show us your birth certificate now
Improper. Learn decorum.
Like the right did to Michelle?
But obama
Tell your cheating husband let lose some cash to help this problem. Talk is cheap
Doing a great job as First Lady
Thank you First Lady, for caring about something that is killing our Kid's and tearing families apart. I pray that this will be the beginning of an end to this epidemic. 
God bless you
Any way you could possibly just be President for these next 3 years, and keep the Donald in his room with his televisions? That would be truly patriotic.
KOCHAM CIĘ
Divorce your cheating, sexual predator subhuman husband
Wow your actually doing something??????
Is Stormy Daniels going to be there too??
You know you can fight back, you don’t have to put up with him hurting you...stand up to the clown
 
Thank you so much FLOTUS for being a strength to the parents of children with addictions.
I wish you well Melania. And for the sake of our country...
Melania please address the people that the government has locked up they are victims of our greedy government bringing drugs into America so they can keep our prisons going so they can keep the police with new helicopters and a 100000 dollar car while the people go to prison
Best of luck and "Thank You"
. .mmmjjnjjnhhn..n.uhjjh...h.hunu.ujujhju..yjjj.jjnhyhhhhybhnjm..jy.jj.j.jyjyjynjjjynnnnynhjjhhynyjj
Wondering why you never wear a coat like regular people with your arms in the sleeves?
We look forward to you husband’s perp walk. You know it is coming. Best to get the papers filed before (1) indictments and (2) his assets seized. You might not get your settlement for ages.
Does that include any of the terrified DACA kids? Stress/fear, self medicating due to the lack of affordable health care, are fueling the opioid crisis in the US!
The democrats have an opportunity to get them on the path to citizenship and they refuse.  I hope all the democrats are voted out.
Holding ppl, children, who know no other home hostage as a bartering chip is disgusting..period.
Very much looking forward to your husband's impeachment.
So is the rest of the world!
Millions of voters disagree with that.
You're doing great work. Thank you
Then maybe u should continue to fund Planned Parenthood that is one of the organizations that is helping folks out in the rural area because that’s 1of the only medical sources. The ACA what another incredible program that u guys r the funding that would help in this situation 2
Simply cutting them off of Opioids is like killing them.

Burns out the nerve receptors.

Any prolonged use is a problem first they need to understand why. 
Biggest problem is not the Opioids it is the synthetic opioids.
No biofeedback for the liver. 
Liver is a chemical factory
The pharmaceutical companies have no idea how these chemicals work in the body.

Anything that takes 20-30 minuets to start working is really a trigger for your liver to start producing a chemical per the chemical instructions.

High CO2 increased Blood Pressure to hold the CO2.
Thank you! PLEASE Take into serious thought those who are Chronic Pain Patients who Need Opiates to sustain their lives. We don’t abuse, we comply and need our medication.
You forgot to say ...and doing absolutely nothing about it... but if it makes you feel better while your husband is fucking porn stars so be it
Isn't she incredibly  Woman Loving All Children's 
If I were you, I would be excited to go to Cincy too- anything to get away from IT!
Look into psychiatric healthcare practices the NMHS is using on kids too and have a team of psychiatrist really look over the DSM-5 as there is way too many nefarious diagnosis out there at this point. Like ODD, Oppositional defiant disorder.
Legalizing cannabis will increase the problem. When those dealers cannot sell cannabis they will peddle more dangerous drugs. Cannabis should be sold for medical purposes only and by RX in pharmacies like any other drug.
A well-timed drug epidemic stir to distract from #DowDeathSpiral, @nfl disrespectful display of #horizontalFlag, #stormyDaniels, #nunez, #Russia the lust goes on...,
Thank you for visiting
Thank you first lady!! #MAGA #GodBless

