she does look stunning, doesn t she?
What an impersonal, unemotional, boring Easter party. You people should save the money. You don’t know how to put on anything with feeling
People would love to see you file for divorce from Spanky.
Right after Hillary leaves bill
Right after you delete your account.
You’re the one with the fake account hundred people ha

Notthing personal but how do you support POTUS when he is a known sexual assaulter who cheated on you many times ? Kind of hard to take your sincerity at face value
At least this gentle woman does not seek opportunities to say nasty things about other people.
Keep America Great... your the best ..
But not quite as good as Stormy ;)
Stormy ??  No but it could be raining somewhere ?? I know she's ablowin
More of a storm in a tea cup
More than a tea cup  .. maybe a mug
Or better yet a thimble !!
I know I'm bad hahaha
The poor Easter bunny’s trauma filled face says it all. #tippytop #whitehouse
This is America’s daily TRAUMA AKA TRUMP
I love Melania Trump. She is not only beautiful but a quality person.
Another embarrassing day for the trumps, congratulations on lecturing first graders


Lmao
Love our FLOTUS
Real class act!
Nice photoshop, but this one beats yours!
Happy Easter First Lady thank you for loving OUR Country we love you
Aww how sweet coming from one of the co-conspirator's of #AmericaHeldHostage starring Trump the Chump!!
A Winning Pair!!
Oh they are a pair of winnahs alright!! I need an eye wash just from looking at them!
I heard you made no speech today @FLOTUS ???? What no words ??? Gave them all back did you ???
Read back ... and blockthem @MHGURU @VIMichaelKelly @Bing7789 @yourbodybible @jbart1055 @jagoldhar @JonC54 @jbart1055 @BillieO2
Done. Thanks Cricket! I hate Bots
 great idea ... I never venture into the right delusion zone
All pictures of Melania lol what a surprise! 
Hey, how's the anti cyber bullying campaign coming along? Remember that?
She's not blocked us yet ...
Your passion and smile can light up a room. Picters tell 1000 stories and it shows how much you and potus enjoyed this event. God bless.
I hope your family had a wonderful Easter!
most americans did not love seeing your sad face @whitehouse egg roll & we look forward to you & the rest of the #trumpcrimefamily being out of the peoples' house.
#fakeflotus #trumprussia #StormyDaniels #EasterBunny


What self respecting person stays in a marriage with a creep like @realDonaldTrump, who enjoys unprotected sex with prostitutes?
The President of the United States of America gave an official statement in Disneyland.
Appropriate for this Mickey Mouse administration
Would have been nice if your husband actually said something about the children and not praising himself.  Oh you might want to get him off his bullying rants.
You are a gracious first lady and I thank God we have you.
Thank you for your hard work !
My heart broke seeing you holding his hand. Please stand up for all women especially the young. You can be that role model they need. Leave him
Great job mrs trump
Was Stormy there, how about Karen, they have been to your home, where is your self respect?
Excellent party ~ and I love your robins’ eggshell blue coat (a favorite color of mine).
How can you hold that man’s hand while he divides the country and boasts about himself? After he cheated on you multiple times and lied about it? After he bullies others? Don’t be scared - stand up for yourself
I see no playmates ??? #trump.
I like Melania. Peace to her and her family.
The @WhiteHouse is lit up in blue tonight in honor of #AutismAwarenessDay  #LightItUpBlue
Love you @FLOTUS
Thank you President and Mrs Trump for bringing some beauty, class and compassion back to our White House. May God Bless you richly.
Class?? 
I so glad it was a blessed event!
Love u guys
LOVE YOU MELANIA!!
WISH I WAS THERE
I would not let a former nude model near children. Especially one that plagiarized Michelle Obama. Your entire family is a walking ethics violation.
Thank you Melania.
http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwhotv.com%2F2018%2F03%2F22%2Flotto-winner-who-molested-granddaughter-is-sued-by-victims-mother%2F&h=ATPxpmrv19y63qJ3wRaeqjP0KrHuMi8hNM5IF7-fxT0HqoxEUVmedjTjnz9_2NadUcadVFpepS8HCOimuxQtdZjzF0a3riX7srCM6XsQP3Gkkx0&s=1 …
Love you Melania 
Karma is around the corner....
No respect for you as you have no courage and have decided money over principles. Just like your little dicky clown prince
Great job Melania! Fantastic wonderful @FLOTUS
Let’s try calling your bigoted and poorly educated hubby out on his tweets about immigrants since U are one and U did not follow legal US protocol and your parents benefited as well???  Just a thought. Let’s get real and sincere since it’s “Easter”.
#Daca #melaniaisanimmigrant
But she is LEGAL big difference

Thank you and POTUS!!!!! We love and appreciate you!!!
Love you @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP
@IvankaTrump @PressSec
Robot.
You looked so pretty...as usual!


I'll bet your husband was pissed when he found out it wasn't the kind of egg roll you could eat.
Thank you too dear FLOTUS  Hope you had a great Easter. Blessings.
We love you First Lady, Melania
Melania hit the nail on the head!! Who else loves our first lady? https://www.westernjournal.com/melania-shows-up-for-white-house-easter-egg-roll-wearing-perfect-outfit-for-the-occasion/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=westjournalism&utm_campaign=dlvrit&utm_content=2018-04-02 …
Thank you Melania!! Best Flotus ever!!
You are an outstanding First Lady that just exudes class! Than God you are there every day!!
These classy photos?
I've been told that they're actually art. I imagine many Evangelical men keep copies of them on their nightstands because they're beyond art, they're inspirational.
"Tards" is one of those words decent people don't use anymore.  What do you have against performance art?
Your hubby thanked you for all your work on this.   What exactly did you do?
Hubby??? That what you call a "husband"??? Sorry lady, that's fake news articles it's best
Hubby is pretty standard speak.. not sure where you've been.. pretty lame thing to attack her on buddy
Thank You for being a Classy 1st Lady. Who bring America hope God Bless
Bravo Mr. President Trump.
She is not looking that good
loved u in burrbery sweet @FLOTUS !!!!
Always gracious.....
Well, THAT was embarrassing. You should grab Barron & run as fast as you can
Your sick
It's "you're" comrade. #bot #putunspuppet #cult45
Thanks for your service as a wonderful, classy and intelligent First Lady ! #MAGA
Love our FLOTUS
Ty you FLOTUS for being so awesome!!
It's not the first time you have had your egg rolls on display in public though is it…
That's who some people call "Classy First Lady" "PATHETIC" and "SAD"
What a beautiful First Lady we have now
Glad it wasn't stormy
Very white Easter this year.
much better than last year when she forgot and they held it a day late 
well she speaks English better than you write it. Now there's positivity 
Thank you for honoring and representing the American People 
Nice bot account. Reported.
Exactly!
Got @FLOTUS  off the hook. She could care less. One less f2$k she has to give.
And your husband gave such an inspiring speech to the little ones #impeachtrump
Thank you!  Best FLOTUS ever!
Amazing lady....love my country.
No you don't.  You voted for Putin and his plan for Amerika.  You are stoooopid.
Are you some kind of idiot or just want to start a fight?
Free speech.  I think we till have it in spite of Trump's dictatorial desire to stifle the 1sr Amendment.
Love my @FLOTUS 
Thank you, FLOTUS, for putting on such a wonderful event for the children.

Our First Lady looking stunning at usual. I know you enjoyed yourself being surrounded by children. 
Thank you Melania for serving our country. Your accent is beautiful just like you. We love you. #JimmyKimmel #FLOTUS
请帮助数百万中国百姓传递他们的声音，谢谢！请监督南京警方，提供权威机构出具的钱旺集团资产审计和评估报告，对于涉案资产的核查需要当事人的认可和签字。监督南京政府是否在进入司法程序以前就强行处理了钱旺集团的资产，包括更改钱旺购买的土地的使用性质。不要再让贪官强吃企业制造冤案。
Thank you for bringing class and dignity back to the White House
Melanie thanks for being a First Lady for all the people
You mean the "special" building or house, or whatever you want to call it. There's really no name for it. Or at least that what some very "stable" genius said today...
Tippy Top. He’s a wordsmith, our leader of the free world.
Well, he is "like a stable genius" and he knows words. The best most beautiful words. Bigly!
https://www.change.org/p/end-julian-assange-s-isolation-poner-fin-al-aislamiento-de-julian-assange …
Help us end Julians complete isolation. This is not just inhumane, it is a terrible injustice. Sign and RT. Let's make this go viral!.#ReconnectJulian
Julian is accused of RAPE!
All allegations dropped May 2017. It was over the use of a condom.
You know what Ms Trump? You had your reasons why married him. Now you should have graduated and be mature enough to divorce him!
What a wonderful @FLOTUS we have in Melania Trump. Thank you for all you do!
Thank You 
Our first lady is so elegant it so effortless for her she's just being herself and she's so beautiful  

@realDonaldTrump
Love love love!!! Thank you FLOTUS for being such a gracious Hostess to all the children and POTUS for participating as well. God bless you both!
Your husband f.ucked that great day with his speech about military... On easter day... With kids.
A real f.ucktard.

Feeling great and proud Melania?? @FLOTUS ??

Thank you for all you do!

THANKS MELANIA!!!!
Thank you for your constant gracious presence!
Thank you for being couragouse and strong you are a wonderful person
Can't believe people leave mean comments on a post like this
SO little girls lets say 18  legal) want to have sex with 50 year old men that are old enough to be their Grandpa. This is what they look up to gold digger that f___s grandpa, really. Maybe in Alabama Mommies and Daddies would love their little girl to go out with the DA
I miss the days when the most offensive posts were about FarmVille. So sad to see the insults tweeted to our FLOTUS after a real uplifting event. Well done!
I think we got their number!
CHRIST HAS RISEN AND CONQUERED THE GRAVE ALLELUIA #QAnon #MAGA @POTUS
You are my favorite Lady in the world
Thank you for reading the book "YOU"! GREAT MESSAGE!
Best President and First Lady EVER!
I liked her better as a naked nobody ... she looked happier posing with other naked women then the Don.
She looks VERY happy married to Prez Trump! You must not b watching a news channel that is showing them together doing great things for poor people or people in need.
You make your bed and then you have to regurgitate in it
I feel bad that her husband was talking about illegal immigrants right in front of her, doesn't he care?

Melanie did a great job decorating it looked really great 
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump, the #EggRoll2018 was a national embarrassment. So narcissistic that he could not even allow the kids to enjoy the day. Too busy fueling racism and blaming Dems for DACA - which he created. Wish the Obamas were back.
Happy Easter!  God bless your family!!! Thank you Mrs. And Mr. Trump for bringing great light with Jesus a God to the White House!!
Best FLOTUS EVER !   Thank you for bringing class and elegance back to the White House!  America loves you !

Slovakian girls find out early, How to open doors with a just smile.
Nice
You are so sweet 
Sadly @Acosta once again disrespected your husband and our @POTUS   Time for the @SecretService to have a chat with @acosta. He is completely UNHINGED. @WhiteHouse
Wow... @MELANIATRUMP still putting on that fake smile. I guess @StormyDaniels got $130k so Melania gets $130m for her silence?
You’re a great 1st Lady.
Kimmel won’t be a problem again.
We are taking care of business.
Sorry misspelled your name Melania !!
Our amazing and wonderful  First Lady , thank you and we love you 
You are pretty
Nice jacket Mrs Trump
Why do you lie to people by saying you speak 5 languages fluently?  You had to have interpreters to speak to the little children in France and Italy!  You can barely speak English!
Melania, your the only thing I like about Donald, that’s pretty much it.
