Do you understand why people are "skeptical?" Your husband is, arguably, the greatest cyberbully in the world. What are you going to do to change that? What solutions will you advocate? This is serious and if you don't take it seriously, you're only a part of the problem.
I’m skeptical of you!
Okie dokie....
Empty words with no meaning being read from a script someone else wrote. No. @FLOTUS
Succinct!
I like her!
Me too! 
Me too! 
I think we should start a letter writing campaign to @FLOTUS citing all the times we've felt bullied by, or witnessed bullying by @realDonaldTrump .

Of course, that would probably cause a paper shortage.
Please don’t ask her to read them out lout 
 the way you cyber bully on a post about cyber bullying...keep it classy @LoveWareYouLive
How can anyone take this lady serious when her husband is the biggest cyber bully on social media. And this is also the same woman who claimed that Obama's birth certificate wasn't real. #The Hypocrisy
She's not being criticized for tackling this topic. She's criticized for appearing so laughingly hypocritical.
Would that be like Bill and Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Mrs Trump!  
You make us proud!
Well- Jesus did honor the whores too
Skeptical?  @FLOTUS is still with him and still enjoying his money and wasting ours (ala living in NYC). Ineffective First Lady. #paidescort
Seriously? Do we have to remind you of the Clinton's money and abuse of women by both Bill and Hillary?
I guess she is doing the best that she can,
under the circumstances.
@dtstevens61 @sharonh90217828 @InsiderChl @KD0314 @mydogisbest @FishFunSun @Cruellaisdevine @jamacia813 @38specialcolt @sandra8301 
What do you think April? @Aprilj33858822
Where was she while her husband called people demeaning names via Twitter, a platform that reaches millions upon millions, thus making their demoralization more public? Seems supremely hypocritical to me.
Melanie is Trumps wife not his mouth piece or boss.
Trump is fighting hard being attacked on all sides! 
I think he has shown great restraint! NO HUMAN BEING WITH ANY BALLS WOULD JUST LIE DOWN AND DIE 
           YOU FIGHT
Someone should simply tell the President there is no reason to respond the uninformed or vulgarity in a Tweet when he has the power of the pen to issue Presidential Orders for things to help all Americans it’s the easiest way to change narrative
I love our President he uses twitter to let his supporters know how he’s feeling and what is really going on. I see nothing wrong with using this media to talk with us.
President Trump is a straight shooter and calls it as he sees it. I love it!
Yep that true! #maga #kag!
I’m sorry but you staring at you’re paper the entire time shows me that you don’t really believe what you’re saying lol.
Teaching and learning start at home.
This is why we don’t need you to talk about anti bullying in public or ever...because we know it’s just meaningless words being read from a script that you didn’t write.
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
I imagine that as a professional career sugar baby, she must be pretty pissed to have to be trotted out in front of the media and made to pretend she cares.  Not what she signed up for on that pre-nup I'm sure.
Seriously?  Just keeping your husband in check is going to be a full time job.  His name is synonymous with cyber bullying.  Let me know how that works out for ya.
Hello? Bill Clinton with Hillary's continued denial and support.
You are right, we are skeptical. Any comment on this latest tweet from your husband, the POTUS...?
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
I wish that @FLOTUS would add her voice! She could use her anti-bullying campaign to bring attention to several issues. The #MeToo movement, #MarchForOurLives, the treatment of immigrants, chain migration, domestic violence, all would value her support.
#WhereIsMelania 
Very well said! #TheResistance #flipitblue
Wonder why the skepticism?
Wow! Melania- you should be ashamed of yourself. Dennis Dennison (your husband) should obviously be, as well.
Does she know why people of skeptical? Because her husband is the biggest bully around. If she weren't married to him, he work on this would not be questioned. Context matters.
@FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP what are you doing about the biggest cyberbully of all @realDonaldTrump ?!?! Until you have the guts to take away your “husband’s” phone, you have no authority to talk about this issue. The irony of your words deem you completely irrelevant
The First Lady and President Trump are a breath of fresh air to America. They love this country and its people, they care deeply about children, they're honest and forthright, and they work tirelessly for us.
Working tirelessly on his golf swing. #wherestrumpnow
Mrs. Trump, you are truly a gem and genius. I point you out to my children as a role model of grace and strength. #ThursdayThoughts #FirstLady @politico #WomenFirst = #FamilyFirst = #ChildrenFirst = #AMERICAFIRST #Slovenia
Your children are SCREWED
No. They’re not Liberals so they’re great! 
Yeah.  I’m sure your role models are a good idea
When you understand what Bullying is maybe you’ll get out of your marriage. Your husband is the biggest bully of them all. Are used to feel sorry for you but do you know exactly what you got into.
Applaud your efforts but......It all starts at the top...The President of the United States of America Is making it ok to be a bully!...use your influence!
Yet your husband is the #CyberBullyInChief
Glad you’re aware.. You can’t even get your husband to stop bullying.  You’re already a failure.
It’s not skepticism, it’s freaking disbelief that this is her platform. She is automatically disqualified from the addressing the topic. How insulting. Until she comes out and disavows her husband for being the bully he is, she needs to sit down and shut up.
Right on the Effin nose.
It’s just insane.
How about the kids who feel threatened in their school rooms?  What does @FLOTUS have to say to them?  But I forgot, she's married to a man who bragged about shooting someone on 5th Avenue and not lose a voter.  Go away Melania.  Just go away.  #MarchForOurLives  #Enough
Time to find another campaign, Melania. Cyber-bullying is led by Donald J. Trump. He’s the master. Ever met him??? #DontheConBully @realDonaldTrump
Talking about combating cyber bullying while your husband continues to Cyberbully everyday is like someone talking about fire safety while their house is on fire.
Have an STD check done, take the kid, and run like you got a posse after you. Start putting "rainy day" money in an account he can't touch. Do something to reclaim your dignity, girl.
You are a beautiful flower 

Loving that it's a poppy. Oh the irony....
Can you let me know where I should report incidents of cyberbullying please? 
FLOUS keep doing what tou are best and that is loving and caring for others as you do. great FLOUS
Who wrote this speech? Melania, Get-Out! Just start running and never look back! Trump is the Biggest Bully in the World. Take a Stand-
you couldn't make up irony like this
Damn Right we're skeptical. Clean your house first before you start cleaning someone else.  Start by stopping cyber bullying in the WH.
I think someone who truly has a handle on the issue would be able to talk from the heart without having to read a script. Miss Michelle O.
She’s better off remaining quiet. Can barely understand her.
#cyberbully #CyberBullying #trumpywumpy @realDonaldTrump
It's no wonder that people are skeptical.  Be courageous, be a model and stop the bullying from the top. @FLOTUS
Lol.
I call bs on this and it has nothing to do with the fact that her husband is the biggest bully of them all.
You do realize @FLOTUS that children take their cues and are taught By adults and the behavior of those adults, especially in the public eye as @realDonaldTrump is, are mimicked by kids. For that reason you cannot “focus” on kids w/o focusing on your husbands tweets #Hypocrisy
Bahaha. Start with the bevavior of your bullying traitor husband you hipocrite. Skeptical doesn’t come close to my beliefs about your qualifications to address bullying.


Let’s stop this charade-this is not going anywhere. Plz pick something you truly believe in & have some expertise-maybe how to wear 5 inch heels w every outfit!
@FLOTUS the only way you can make a change in cyberbulling, is to change the bully-in-chief. Until you condemn him, nothing will change.
Is this a damn joke?
Says the woman who married the worst bully in history! I will take you seriously when you publicly condemn your husband's behavior. Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Your husband just threatened a former Vice President and insulted a former Secretary of State on twitter. You might want to start this program in your own home before preaching to the rest of the world!

It took Cheeto 71 years to get the way he is and no campaign by a trophy wife, is going to change his behavior and if she can’t change him, why should anyone listen to her?
She’s irrelevant
Absolutely.
@FLOTUS why haven’t you said or done anything about @IngrahamAngle cyber bullying #Parkland survivor @davidhogg111 ?
Tell your mate to stop using the office of the presidency to bully others. You do not represent us
And yet you have said absolutely nothing about your husband being a cyber bully! Maybe you should of picked another platform instead!
BTW your husband is going to prison, will you divorce him before then or while he's in!
Good for you! Don’t stop
Ya Think???
And please thank the wonderful Obamas who acted with grace and compassion when your inconsiderate bullying husband publicly disgraced you.
#FLOTUS #Love #MAGA #WWG1WGA #QAnon

#IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW #IMPEACHTHEMOTHERFUCKERNOW 
#FUCKYOU
Your Son's role-model is your hubby. Do you understand that? Just look at his other two sons. Do you really want Bannon to be like them?
Do you understand why we're skeptical? You are married to the biggest internet troll on the planet. What kind of roll model is he for your son? Fix things in your own family first.
Or at least stand up to him! 
I love my @FLOTUS!  GOD BLESS Melania! 
Has she met the tRUmp? Clean your own house first before preaching.
Have they been threatened by your husband mam?
Gee, I can’t imagine why anyone would be skeptical. You’re a do nothing First Lady who has to read words written for you off paper, and your husband is a cyber bully.
What about your husband sleeping with all those women what are you going to do about that Melania Trump
Her reading comprehension is geeting better... No one is critical of her for this topic but more of the hypocrisy of not cleaning up her own house FIRST!!! @FLOTUS
How about Melania bullying her husband's multiple rape victims? Glass houses sweetheart.
@FLOTUS Melania, it doesn't seem like cyber bullying is really your thing. If you can't fix the cheating, philanderer that you're married to I don't know how you can do much anywhere else.
Really? Did you hold the same standard to Bill Clinton and his wife that continued to abuse his victims by denying the truth?
Yes I did. I wasn't aware of Clinton sending someone to threaten to kill a woman removing their infant child from a car however. Did anyone ever report that? We've heard Trump's attorneys threatening to "end you". I found Stormy believable & Trump is a known LIAR.
In example "I have no business nor have I with Russia." Then we find out he's negotiating a Trump Tower in Moscow during the campaign. The Trump Tower meeting with 5 Russians. The back channel in the Seychelles. The home in Palm Beach without improvement sold more than 1/2
2/2 double in down market to Russian Oligarch. His sh*thole country remarks, his saying he'll do something & changes his mind, violations of Emoluments, NEVER saying a bad word about Putin - a known murderer. Cheating on his wife repeatedly without even using protection.
PS There are so many dishonest, unethical, acts it really is not about Clinton, Obama, Bush, etc. This is about a very GREEDY, & VAIN man that will do ANYTHING for money. He's a shitty business person with multiple bankruptcies. Leaders do not publicly berate people nor do ...
PS2 operate in chaos. Leaders don't cheat on their wives, lie to foreign allies & laugh about it with donors. Winners don't have multiple bankruptcies! This man couldn't get a loan so he went to Russia. Putin OWNS him. I've had the opportunity to work with many LEADERS!
Perhaps if it's truly your agenda to help bullying you will divorce the bully? You deserve happiness, money and status won't bring it.
You know why people are sceptical, right? Because your husband, the POTUS, is the biggest cyber bully around!
I don’t expect you to control your husband’s behavior. But you would get a lot of credibility it you would publicly CALL HIM OUT on it.
You might want to start with husband, the biggest bully.
Mrs. Trump. 
No one takes you seriously on this issue in any way shape & form.
 Why? 
Beacuse your Husband is the Biggest Cyber Bully on the internet as we speak.
Daily he insults belittles & abuses  people to simply feed his ego.
If you want to do something stop him first
For all those people that do not believe in redemption and are constantly using a persons past to spew hatred and judgement against them...
Bullied by people like your husband?
FLOTUS
We stand with you 100% and so love you are taking this problem on.
With your help and guidance, it will get better! #CyberBullying 
As an hard working immigrant European woman with some personal and work ethic I'm embarrassed this woman is my first lady now @FLOTUS
Yes or no? @realDonaldTrump
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Definition of Cyberbullying: to harass, threaten, embarrass, or target another person. Adult involved in cyberharassment or cyberstalking, a crime that can have legal consequences and involve jail time!
TELL YOUR HUSBAND TO STOP!!!
SET EXAMPLES BY YOUR ACTIONS!
Hypocrite
Be strong ! God bless
The Woman married to the biggest cyber bully in history has the audacity to pick this as a topic for her cause. She's just as guilty if not more guilty than Trump. They both colluded and her negligence towards her son is a disgrace.
Look at Ivana she always sounded weird till today
Your words mean nothing
Neither did Hillary's.
Neither do yours
Keep doing you @FLOTUS to hell with the haters!
I bet she can design a delicious school lunch also! 
Is Benedict Donald bullying the kids now too?
Are you blind or just ignorant @FLOTUS ? No one will listen to you because you're hypocritical. You're perceived as a joke.
As First Lady....   Haha  ha ha ha  ha ha ha   ha ha ha.....
Please Mrs Trump...with all due respect (and pity), but your fight and mission to stop bullying, in whatever fashion, has to start at the top. Your husband is a bully. That is a fact. How can you expect kids to listen to your msg when your husband is the epitome of a bully?
Could start with herself. She was bigly into the birtherism movement.
She is uniquely unqualified to discuss just about anything.  Except maybe taking off your clothes, which most of us learned how to do before we were age 5.
It’s AMAZING to me that you idiots can praise this idiot who has posed for nude pictures and yet Michelle Obama was talked about for showing her arms?? You say you don’t want immigrants in this country yet welcome this immigrant porn star as your first “lady” 
Get your husband to stop. 5his 8s first step. Other than that pick a new topic. How about better education for failing schools.
Dear Mrs Trump. I know you didn't sign up for this.  I think your anti bullying campaign has the best intentions but you should direct it towards your husband first, no one in their right mind will take it seriously otherwise. Please look after Mrs Obama's garden.  And get a dog.
FYI: Twitter sees no wrong doing w/ bullying. Case in point: received "we see no wrong doing w/ this menacing" 
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976496351977656320 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976553971597889536 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976552728347410434 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976555887132372993 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976556900031582209 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976557839673188354 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976558894351863809 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976559780641824774 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976560113443098624 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976561634108956672 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976564327208636416 …

while Twitter protects pornographic sexual history of Trump's third wife
You're married to 1 of the biggest public bullies in the USA/world.
What can you do to help if you cannot help or affect your husband?
Do you comfort his victims?
It all starts with what leadership you have in personal relationships.
Start there Melania.
Otherwise, no credibility
And Dowd has resigned.  I just love watching the adults run screaming from the trump clubhouse.  Mueller is getting closer @realDonaldTrump  #MuellerIsComingForYou
You live with a bully. Why don’t you start at home???
Melania looks like Michael Jackson here
I'm not skeptical of you discussing this crucial topic. Start this platform soon. They say if people wait til they're ready to have kids, they never will. Don't wait for your husband to stop being one so you don't look hypocritical.  Start now so kids can get any benefit.
I agree!
We love you Melania you are doing a fantastic job. God Bless Our First Family.
Thank you all and let's remember the difference between bullying and disagreeing.
No kidding, your "husband" is the biggest bully there is!
Love this @FLOTUS! A class act!
If she werent so useless she might be effective.
 You once had sex with the biggest bully on the internet.
Could it be because your husband is guilty of doing this and as his wife, as First Lady and as the head of the anti cyber bullying campaign your are equally as guilty by allowing it to happen.  #useless
Start with your husband, then we’ll take you seriously. Calling names, spreading lies, belittling people who oppose him, praises other bullies and hate groups... If you can figure out how to stop him, you’ll earn some respect.
Case in point:
At last a topic you have some knowledge of since you are married to the biggest bully of them all. But you are too afraid to do any about it so why do you think we should listen to you regarding this subject.
@FLOTUS can you even name the single most important legal case on appeal right now in the USA regarding cyber bullying?  (Besides #DavidDennison)
You should spend that wasted time finding out who your tiny penis husband is having unprotected sex with.

How can it not bother you that your bullying husband cheated on you with not just a porn star but also a playboy model at the same time??? Perhaps why you have such a desire, because you also have been bullied. Is money really worth your own public shaming? You live with a BULLY!
Pretty certain he has been paying child support under the table as well.
Well, that’s ‘s the nteresting...child support huh?
 I doubt he would pay it.
Yet Donald Trump just bullied an American citizen on twitter today. You are all talk & no action. 
#TrumpLies
Did you ask the same of Hillary?
I have reported you #bot
You can smell the fear as DT goes down for money laundering. Who cares about his sick ego fixes with porn stars. FOLLOW THE MONEY!! Melania always has!
They have no right to go into his past business and family money years ago. Damned if Obozo didn't have all his records sealed so nobody could know anything about him but it's coming out anyway little too late tho he pulled a # on the U.S.  js
That is not true continue to wrap yourself in lies
@POTUS  We love and support you, Melania! Eight years was a long time to wait for a @FLOTUS we could be proud of again...a First Lady that truly loves America. Thank you! #MAGA
#Trumpville
#TrumpTrain
Beautifully said. Continue your mission and ignore hatred. I am proud you are OUR First Lady. God bless! 
You are as big a joke as your desperate lying cheating husband. You rallying against cyber bullying is laughable when your own husband is the biggest cyber bully on the planet. Btw you should go for English lessons to improve your speech
My belief is that "change " begins in the home.
I forgot to add ,  Melania Trump.
.
It'd help if you wove in anecdotes explaining how you became a Subject Matter Expert in "cyber bullying"

We all know how it happened, but if you could acknowledge your first-hand observations about a cyber-bully near you, and named him, the "skepticism" would be lessened

Thank you  @FLOTUS                           We are SO PROUD OF YOU
I have confidence in you as our Great Flotus to do a good job.
@FLOTUS As a Child I was On Both Sides Of the Bully Fence.I can Tell You. HURTING CHILDREN ,HURT CHILDREN...THEY ALL NEED CONSISTANT DISCIPLINE FROM A LOVING PEOPLE TO LEAD THEM..GOD BLESS..NJ
This is the biggest bully in history
Parents need to do a better job on teaching your kids to be nice and polite and say please and thank you
Helping children from afar on an intangible like cyber bullying? My kids haven't experienced this even once. Funny, just seems like food in the belly, education & children's healthcare is more helpful when we parents can limit our own kid's online drama. But you go ahead girl.
When are you going to have an anti-cyberbullying conversation with your "husband"? He is the BIGGEST cyberbully of all.
Why haven’t you said anything about Laura Ingraham bullying David Hogg????
Hypocrite! Your husband bullies people daily!
please stand up to Laura Ingraham for her attack on the David Hogg. She's a cyber bully like no other! Your chance to shine Melania
In your role as First Lady, you have said nothing (that I'm aware of) about the way Laura Ingraham and others on the far right have gone after the Parkland kids who survived a mass shooting. How serious are you about cyberbullying???? Perhaps we're right to be skeptical. WAITING.
So you're fine when a grown 'adult' like Laura Ingraham cyber-bullies a high school kid?

You need another platform. Might I suggest helping women cope with marital infidelity?

#StormyDaniels
People are skeptical of you because of examples like the Fox network’s Laura Ingraham mocking a shooting survivor and you have said nothing !!  It is tough to look in the mirror and see who you turned into .
Especially as @realDonaldTrump is guilty of using the same social media bullying tactics.
Please ask your worshippers to stop attacking young people who saw their friends murdered in front of them, who survived a school shooting!
Our First Lady is an example of grace, elegance and strength and is criticize by those with none!
https://twitter.com/pennington_jr/status/969645748483690497?s=19 … dear first lady I have wrote your office about this and it is getting national news attention congressman and senators and state board of education is in support of this proposal please take a look this will save protect and defend are loved one in schools
Metro East group hoping to reduce bullying http://www.kmov.com/story/37629754/metro-east-group-hoping-to-reduce-bullying#.WpmchpeN6A1.twitter …
Skeptical?? That's the ultimate irony. Your husband is the biggest bully, the biggest threat to the media and democracy, that the world has ever known. And you want to talk about bullying? Get some gonads woman!!
Have they been bullied like Stormy was bullied by your husband, with threats to her safety?!
HYPOCRITE!!!!

WARNING WARNING STAND CLEAR 
IRONY DIED A THOUSAND DEATHS
Your husband walked past your room with another woman to go into another room with her to fuck her! 
Does that not mean anything?!
Im sorry to say this ,but your not his FIRST LADY... 
Respect yourself! 
He doea what he wants because he never has consequences for his actions!
Amazing First Lady!I love you and your precious family so much! So grateful! You truly are  Queen  USA 
What about all of the children who feel threatened by guns at schools???
@FLOTUS your so called agenda is sad and pitiful. Get @realDonaldTrump  under control with his bullying then come talk to the American ppl. #FakeGrandstanding
No @FLOTUS keep talking. It’s hilarious.
That orange bastard that you're married to is the biggest bully of them all.
Why not concentrate on the child bully that’s living in the White House? Your husband is the biggest bully of them all. He’s a disgusting example to the others who bully.
Geez do you hear what your husband Tweets? Or do you just close your eyes to it? Because he should be the person you start with
You’re married to the biggest cyber bully!
I’m just curious about whether you’re aware of the irony of you speaking out against cyber bullying when you happen to be married to one of the most prolific cyber bullies of our time??? You can see that, can’t you???
You’re being bullied yourself by a cheating husband. Hardly qualified to advise anyone about bullying.
So when you are able to stop your husband from cyberbullying people and name-calling on social media maybe then you can talk about this subject. Focus on your own personal issues first.  #Trump
Like the poor Parkland kids who were bullied by your republican ilk? Hypocrite much Melanie?
I love our @FLOTUS. She is a class act and represents this great country very well. What a big difference from Mrs. Obama.
She has been spending many nights at a hotel away from the White House, enraged at the sex affairs going public.
Insulting Melania is just more bullying and hate. There is a reason why she chose this platform.  I’m not sure what she is going to be able to do, but it’s nice to see her having a presence. Despite all of Trumps sex scandals coming out.
Why is your husband the biggest cyber bully out there then?
Then you’re as stupid and as stubborn as your husband is. You can’t be effective on the subject of bullying, because your husband, among many things, is a bully. If you really want to help kids, find a different subject.
How can you possibly choose cyber-bullying as your cause when you are married to the biggest cyber-bully in the history of social media?
If you can get your husband to stop being a cyber bully then maybe you can work on the r3st of the country.
Has Mrs. Trump read the stories of children being bullied by kids who feel empowered by her racist brute of a husband? Children who fear for their own and their parents' safety from deportation? Being a birther herself, I know she doesn't care.
“In my role as First Lady, I receive many letters from children who have been bullied or feel threatened on social media,” Melania Trump said at a press conference. “I’m well aware that people are skeptical of me…
Your "husband" is the biggest bully of all. Charity begins at home.
Go get 'em @FLOTUS Melania!
How is the anti-bullying campaign going? http://flip.it/Nt8OOO  #TheResistance
This is a serious problem, stop making 30 second speeches and do something. Or Go back to shopping or whatever it is that you do all day
I'd like to report a cyber bully to you! Can you please do something about this behavior? Can you contact his parents?
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
No one is criticizing you 4 taking on bullying as a topic. 

We want you to start with your HUSBAND. Address that issue then we'll take you seriously. Otherwise your hypocritical blindness refutes every word escaping your mouth.

Get real.
LMFAO Nobody's More Pathetic than Melania #TheCalmB4TheSTORMY #2BitTRASH
Please check your husband's twitter feed. He's the biggest bully on social media. His words to Joe Biden this morning were insane. You want to help? Start with the guy living with you in the WH.
Start with your husband @realDonaldTrump and your steps kids @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump , they're the worse of any human beings. @realDonaldTrump a bully only does it because they are insecure, weak, and pick on those who they feel they can bully until that person fights back
How’s the anti bullying campaign working for ya?


Looks like you efforts are very successful......not. http://m.cnn.com/en/article/h_f993339f19e68eebdb983f66d5d1ae13 …
