her naked pics were classy alright....
Yes I’m sure your mom did. But she probably wouldn’t like a naked FLOTUS
Well happy you and mommy. Be thankful you still have her around. I don’t have mine. But that’s a pretty pathetic comment. Transgender frootloop..... I am pretty sure that’s offensive to many people. Am I wrong that YOU stated your mom didn’t raise you to talk about people???
Yup sure! Good excuses......trying to cover up. It’s all good. Who’s offended? I am calling “people” in general fruit loops! But your opinion.
.. YOU'RE the most Beautiful Elegant FLOTUS we've had since Jacky!! HOORAY for US
Doesn't even speak English.
Hope you speak English as well as she does. And ... may be another language?
There is a spelling error in your tweet.
I can understand why you would revert to pointing out spelling and sentence structure mistakes when you have no other factual arguments.
There's nothing to argue about. Send us videos of MT speaking fluently in each of the 32 languages ya'll claim. Let's see proof.
Still waiting...
My daughters are waiting patiently to see if they won the lottery to come the the Easter Egg roll. So much so,they don’t want to go to school tomorrow until they know, lol. Here  to luck
Well, if they stay out of school long enough they just might end up being as smart as your dearly loved POTIE 
I don’t think I need to worry, my youngest in  fifth grade is testing on a seventh grade level,  my eighth-graders on a 10th grade level, my oldest is premed. But thanks for your worry .  And as for mine and your, Yes Your, President, he’s  president isn’t he? #MAGA
President for now...We’ll see where he lands when Mueller is finished. And if your kids stay lucky and don’t go through what the kids went through in Florida they won’t have to March for anything.
You are such an evil person, I myself would never even if I do not agree with someone politics, say such a horrible thing. You know, but that’s what liberals do best spew their hate! And now I draw and end  to this conversation !  Πας να παίζεις με κάποιος άλλος!
*that’s the true tragedy.  Oh and please feel free to block me.
Block you, why? So you can say I can’t handle a back and fourth with a 
Great speech.  Now follow through. We need action now!!! #GunControlDebate #StudentsDemandAction
Did You remember to order them this year?
Perfect for the Trump presidency, which lays big eggs hourly.
great Melania!
to the left - if you don't like the first lady then don't follow her.  She would probably prefer not to be subjected to your hatred.
Posing nude?
Jesus hates you.
Please also don’t forget the real reason for Easter- Christ arose!!

This are so cool Egg
Keep up the good work First Lady!! You are doing a terrific job!!
What to thank you, @POTUS @VP @SecondLady for sharing all the wonderful information about the WH & VP House. I've learned & seen so much from all the videos that are being shared. Thank you all for the wonderful job you are doing for our country.

great melania
So how do you feel about Stormy Daniels and your hubby?

It must be humiliating.

When is Barron Trump gonna come out of the closet?
.Hey, Melanoma.
Go look forward to deportation.
Or indefinite detention without a bond hearing.

All brought to you by YOUR #PrezShitHole.
Live with it.
In disgrace.
Grammar

You and the big orange looked pathetically awkward at this event last year. Skip it and give a press conference detailing your “path” to citizenship. And explain how long your parents are allowed to stay.
And sister.
#FreeMelania - Melania, it's okay to get a divorce. Get Out.
Why is this a link to a store? #shameless
We love the tradition in our family.  Our kids even though they are grown up now, still come home together to color Easter Eggs.  How can we get a White House colored Easter Egg.
Magnificent. Thanks for bringing such class to the White House!! Looking forward to the next 7 years.
#MAGA #Elegant #Flotus #USA 
Is Donald laying the eggs???
Distraction from Russia and her green card
Time for these to hatch and come home to roost. Clock is ticking
The children will love it!!!!
People like you are the reason @realDonaldTrump won the election.  If you hate her husband you should not take that out on her!
She also hates her husband, lighten up..
That's none of our business.
Trump's personal relationship with his wife is none of our business.
Trump and his wife are both public figures, and their personal lives is fair game.  Was Bill Clinton personal life our business?
No sorry.  Bill's personal life with Hillary was not discussed in the press.  What WAS discussed was Bill Clinton's sex life apart from his wife because he was screwing an intern while President and lied about it.
It is wonderful having you as our First Lady!
It sure is...
Someone’s jealous
Of?
Trump
Because?
She’s hot
BAHAHAHAHAHA!!! I don't think she's hot...I was being facetious...smfh.
God bless you and your family
Yeah....about that.  We're a little busy trying to clean up after your idiot husband right now.  Happy Easter.
Did you learn from the mess you put out last year?
They were still working on getting that smell out of the White House from the last President.  It took time.
Didn’t see much about history-just lots of eggs to sell. Is Trump going to sign any eggs to help pay off deficit? Good idea...@realDonaldTrump  like the gold one. How much would that cost with his signature?
You can blame your buddy Barack Hussein for the huge deficit not Trump get your facts straight
Nonsense. Stop watching fox.
Your collection of sex toys?  Do not write about learning...You can not even speak english! #stupidwoman 
From your photo any woman would need a sex toy it doesn't look like you've got what it takes
He's very handsome. Where's YOUR photo, beauty queen?
I agree.
She is an "undercover girl"
I think "mary lamb" might actually be "larry man"...
I had the same thought! 
How can you be married to Trump a man who cheated on you with a porn star who admitted to sexual assault who also is a racist bully with no morals
Fake news! Wake up!
Which one is fake ?
Those are awesome eggs
Isn't there a danger to visitors considering all the snakes in the grass? Will Donnie be fuming & screaming that day? Considering all those quitting, all those fired, all those removed due to lack of knowledge for the job, who will be out that day?
There was a danger for young children visiting the White House during the Pizza Gate Administration.
Once a ridiculous lie has been debunked people like you should be sued for slander for continuing to repeat it.
What lie has been debunked? His screaming and ranting? Ask Hope Hicks about it.
How did you get an “Einstein visa?”
She’s a stable genius like Donnie Dumbass of course
Do yourself a favor and get a divorce lawyer.
AND I KNOW IT WILL BE A BEAUTIFUL TIME WITH THE GREAT BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY MELANIA
You're not even trying anymore are you comrade?
Am I the only one that sees evil jack-o-lantern faces on those eggs?!? 
If that's what you see, it's a reflection of yourself. Think about it.
Get over yourself. If you don’t see the faces perhaps you lack imagination.
Hi @FLOTUS  Anychance you will share how you acquired your EB-1 visa and how you got your parents visa?? Chain Migration? Sex at 30,000 feet perhaps?#FakePresident
Don't be mean. I'm smert.
Speaking of getting rolled...
Pack of lies from desperate Dems. Melania is way more beautiful than Stormy. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Right. With a $130,000 secret payoff.
Bye.
How can I get my granddaughter to be able to join this event next year
What is Barron up to during spring break?
Seriously sweet? Take a look at the reality of chaos @potus has done. Could you be in touch a bit more with reality for your country's sake.
Hi, Gal ; If you research it, you will find that 'easter ' is a pagan celebration and was NOT celebrated by our Founding Fathers. Nor was Xmas !
What an astute observation sounds like you maybe a genius but I doubt it
Well, we def know YOUR genius status. Ding ding ding!! You are NOT the father.
Xmas is the pagan holiday called christmas by people that know nothing about Hebrew/Aramaic Scripture. It celebrates the birth of Mashiach  but according to the Book of Luke, John the Baptist was born at Pesach  (Passover) and Yahusha'ah was born during the Fall Feasts in Sept
FREE MELANIA.
Was able to get my eggs this year.  Thanks for hosting the White House Egg Roll.  Was there back in the 80s with my children and it was amazing as I am sure it will be again this year.  Thanks Melania!!!
You are great first lady @FLOTUS
..lead us ladies in fashion and etiquette and how to be a supportive wife and good mother
Well said. Great
Gross.
You are a Great FLOTUS & example for all young girls!
Yes...melania TRAMP is what YOUR USA daughters should be .
But you’re still spending another long weekend at #MarALargo resort playing golf and getting spa treatments and charging it to tax payers. 
Is that why you are so broke, you cant afford any clothes for a picture? Or is just your attention seeking self that makes you post pics of yourself in a bikini?
Aren't u worried about the kids with all the snakes in the grass there? 
Good news, if you're a 3rd grader or above in the Washington Metro area u have a higher security clearance than beloved Jared.
We are looking forward to y’all rolling straight out of the White House....
What has she done to prove that you should support her? She runs a fake campaign on “social media cyberbullying” and her husband is the biggest goddam social media bully.
Do you cyberbully others online? Hypocrisy much? Try to seriously pin point your HATRED, because I guarantee it's unwarranted and planted by the MSM. You are a "sheep" being led to slaughter by project Mockingbird. #thestorm

Use a silly meme than rather digest what's being said to you. How tolerant and open minded of you!
thats what i mean they ahve no valid argument other then what they are being told by the #fakenews outlets of CNN/MSBNC.
The only rolling I want to see is movers rolling your shit along with the rest of the family out of the White House.
I'm looking forward to how your gonna explain your staying here on a Einstein Visa and how you can allow your chubby...I mean hubby tear apart families.
Melania is obviously not sending these tweets personally. There's no way a woman scorned would be this upbeat about anything in life let alone Easter eggs.
Scorned? Because of an ALLEGED affair? She can't be upbeat now and has to hold her head down? Life goes on you know
Yes ok. I guess it's normal in your world for a POTUS to sexually assault over 16 women, rape a child, have repeated affairs on Melania when she was pregnant, and after she was pregnant. Not to mention lying, laundering, corruption... but yes Melania, keep smiling.
Just because you hear it on CNN or read it in the Enquirer does not make it true. Where is the Proof? He said/She Said doesn't stand up in a Court of Law. And you are speculating on the rest - hope you are never on a Jury.
I get it. You watch Fox News. I guess we can no longer have an educated conversation based on facts. Bye .
Liberals make for the best Deflectors. Yes I watch a lot of News AND I read too. Just not the Crap you do Snowflake Bye to you Sir.
 Umm ok. But I don't smoke meth. That was a little immature don't you think? Anyhoo have a super fantastic day.
You need to get a new Schick you have worn this one out with your repeated use of it
^ shtick
thank you for correction
@PressSec Why is there no orange egg?
Run...take your sweet child and get away from TRUMP...and the rest of the complicit members.
What do you know about Easter. They don't celebrate Easter in Russia.
Your hate is showing and it ain't pretty
Let me guess? Exploding easter eggs?
That’s only #Democrats. Hopefully they aren’t invited.
WTF

Beautiful. Thank you, First Lady.
Stormy weather over Easter...I would go back to Slovenia if I were you, Ms Trump #3.
Is Easter egg rolling your special skill that got you the genius visa?
While DH was stationed in DC, despite Bill Clinton being in office, I took my sons to the roll-figured once in a life time opportunity.  Handed out Ben & Jerry’s ice cream w anti-military propaganda on inside of wrappers-as if kids cared! Bet that won’t happen this time!
Are you off your meds?
Who are you talking to?
Einstein visa, is this your special talent? Stay classy #Einsteinvisa
Idiot
Oh! You remembered this year!
Only for white, rich kids?
I am so glad to see how you are putting tradition back in our WH. Keep up the great work. Love from Ohio
Maybe you can lobby Apple to put Easter back in its phone calendar

White House Head Roll instead of Easter Egg Roll! Learn about the crazy world of TRUMP.
Will it be less creepy than last year?  Really do hope so!
Melania.. Get Out While you CAN ..Get what Little $$ you Can before He Gets “LIFE”

You please do... you have a great time with guest but also family...!!! You are a strong woman making America strong again, Trump make America great again.. do keep track of him as he act and move to fast... Trump is used to get things done....US can learn from your both!!!!
Love your all... but most my love goes to your Denmark Trump jazz loving relative.... and her family... and thanks to Trump for appointment of Ambassador to Denmark.. if party..  do invite me..
Um, #RussianEggs???
The patriots  you!
Melania;you are a great Flotus as President Trump is one AWESOME president!
I'll second that!!!MAGA
They're not Faberge eggs. Sad.
Oh! I would love a pink one! 
Thank you @FLOTUS and God bless you! Every day you do SO much as First Lady and I am very happy & inspired!
Melanias EINSTEIN Visa E B 1. in her case EXCELLENT Butt #1
Can Stormy play too?
Will Ivanka have her name on the eggs ?  
That will cool.
I love u and your husband but I dont see how Easter Eggs have anything to do with Easter.


Nice try at diversion.  Hopefully your husband won’t be in attendance.  #WorstPresidentEver
Melania, you're the most beautiful and elegant First Lady that our country has ever been privileged to honor. Thank you for bringing class back into the White House.
Do you think the they will be safe, because the aren’t in school thanks is part to your husband
You are a very wonderful First Lady. We are so blessed to have a FLOTUS with such heart and soul. Thank you for your kindness.
Blue is @StormyDaniels favorite colour
I personally can't wait to see Maddog in the rabbit suit.
I thought Miller was doing it this year
And a lovely and smart First Lady to do it. So proud! Looking forward to it!
Keep the donald away from the young girls.....
@realDonaldTrump Since when is being a sado-masochistic porn performer an extraordinary ability?

Einstein Visa for porn?

#TrumpCrimeFamily
#RIPGOP

Melania Trump got green card through program for people with 'extraordinary ability': report
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/questions-linger-about-how-melania-trump-a-slovenian-model-scored-the-einstein-visa/2018/02/28/d307ddb2-1b35-11e8-ae5a-16e60e4605f3_story.html …
What was your extraordinary ability?  Taking on 20 dudes at once?
Those eggs are not in the right order
Amazing especially when you see them on Middle East.
How is the cyber bullying campaign coming?
sure

Those children will have a lifetime memory and many thanks @FLOTUS from us backward Deplorables.
#EasterEggRoll
You mean YOU finally read it?
What extraordinary talent do you have ? Really...What the fuck!!! 
This is shameful even for a trump.
#MAGA  
Have fun, Melania!
Easter eggs aren’t the only thing that will get rolled at our WH!
Why be so nasty?
Your tainted family has ruined the good name of the White House Shame on you

You should never be allowed around children, you are terrible example of a woman
I Like to dip in all colors! #browneggs Nice work @FLOTUS #EasterEggRoll
OOPS! I meant no colors #whiteegg $MAGA BIG WHITE THUMS
Happy easter
Is Spicey showing up ?
I guess your "extraordinary talent" is your cluelessness about the world around. Your husband is causing global chaos and your talking about fucking easter eggs
https://www.whitehousehistory.org/2018-white-house-easter-egg-roll …

Enjoy your Day
Are you inviting Stormy?
If she is the only problem the president is a saint compared to others ..
The American people would like to know about your immigration paperwork! When are you going to produce them? And your parents, who benefit from chain migration, how about their papers too?
NO NOT all the American people want to know.
Majority. Better?
Mrs. Trump,
Thank you for all you do for our country. 
Thank you for your prayers. 
Thank you for representing us with a quiet grace and dignity. 
You are our national treasure.

Happy Easter to all!
#MeToo #RachelCrooks #Ivana #Stormy #KarenMcDougal #KatieJohnson #SummerZervos #CathyHeller #JillHarth #TempleTaggart #CassSearles #JessicaLeeds #KristinAnderson #LisaBoyne #KarenaVirginia #MindyMcGillivray #NatashaStoynoff #JessicaDrake #NinniLaaksonen #SHolvey #TashaDixon, etc.
I think your eggs are past their prime hunty.
We're currently being rolled by demented Donald and it's not stopping. What have you heard from Karen and Stormy?
Will you also start your campaign against cyber bullying at this time?  I can’t wait to hear this. Because have first hand knowledge of cyber bullying.
You didn't write this.
I like those 5 Easter Eggs.
Would anyone of those Easter Eggs hatch in the future? Kk
Follow Vanessa,  and leave before its too late! You still have your dignity, which will be gone if you stay with your husband. You know that Melania. America will respect you for this, Not,  if you stay.
does your exceptional talent involve eggs?
Ohio Loves You.
Being from Ohio, I second that!
Best of luck. Enjoy pushing Donnie down the hill
Let’s learn about how you were illegally working in the USA, somehow managed to get a green card meant for exceptionally talented architects, all while working as a soft porn model, & then somehow were issued US citizenship. And also your parents, who contributed nothing to USA.
Is this code for a distress call?  If you need help you need to be more direct.
Wishing u a very Happy Colorful Indian festival HOLI.. regards.
Hey, Barron, adopt a dog from shelter,be a role model of compassion for animals. This video shows ur sense of humor
Dear FLOTUS....It will be beautiful and fun with you and our POTUS in charge!!!
Divorce him now before he takes you down with him.
People paint eggs and forget about the essence of Easter
You did not even know this existed & did nothing last year for the kids & now you want us to think that you care?????
I'm sure there is a lot of rolling at the White House
I can't wait!  I just ordered two sets of Easter Eggs and am crossing my fingers I get tickets from the lottery.  Hope to see you on Easter Monday!
Mmmm egg rolls
Thank you for reminding me its Easter. time goes by fast when you get older ia very nice stress free day.

Each one contains a copy of Stormy’s tape!
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr .....AND HOW UTTERLY DEPLORABLE that you are all so in bed with Russia and Putin-As stated before you attack your own Attorney General, your own people in the House and the Senate, but you NEVER denounce Putin- IMPEACHMENT NOW!!!!
Melania you are doing a wonderful job.  I’m so proud of our @FLOTUS
Thanks for being a very classy “First Lady”.

Is she going to come spend the night on Saturday ?? Lol what a farce she is
You are the farce with a name like Debi the spudbeauty.  Did I miss something, what beauty ? Blocking you!
What a joke
Only joke I see is your Twitter account. With no pictures. Cuz it's a hate filled troll account. Here is a pic  for you.
enjoy
With all the stuff going on, you're tweeting about Easter eggs???
As much as I agree with you, I must admit the world needs more positivity for the youth. Believe me I get you  but dude we need to balance in some form of positivity and still fight for the values of America. Our youth deserves this.
You'll do a beautiful job as usual.
Thank you.
I get these every year for my nephew for his Easter basket.  He gets super excited about them.  He's got a collection going
Another violation of the Presidential Seal.
I want a new everlasting Easter memory.  Just saying.  Pretty memories are good.
Is stormy invited?
I miss Spicer
How’s the anti bullying thing going ??
