We Love You First Lady Melania 
Yay
George do you  also have obama using drugs during his young ages?Cause I m interested in it.
Yes. I've seen those. What's your point?
Thank you @Flotus you are a true inspiration to some little girl in another country dreaming she cld be in the White House 
A true inspiration to little girls everywhere
You’re kidding, right? You are married to a man and support a party that actively works to oppress and abuse women. Daily. 
How do you possibly Tweet this with any sincerity or keep a straight face? #GrabThemByThe #GOPAntiChoice
Can you give me an example of how they have oppressed women?
-Rescinded ACA requirement to cover contraception
-Rolled back Obama rule aimed at closing gender pay gap
-Credibly accused by at least 17 women of assault
-Fighting to defund PP
-Reinstated “Global Gag Rule”
-July 17 promoted idea “most campus rape charges” were false
Cont...
The planned parenthood we don’t intend to pay for anymore with our hard earned money. The other isn’t even factual
...and that little girl grew up to make breakthroughs of her own..........
You are all over the road here Trish. And liking your own posts. 
1. You jump in a convo a month later
2. Offer up a topic unrelated
3. Start posting about women doing great things (I agree there)
4. I am not “pro” abortion
5. Your tax dollars are not funding abortions
Glad you're enjoying my posts - only a couple more days to celebrate Women's History Month!
How about recognizing the woman who speak out on abuse, sexual assault, harassment and false accusations?  You know. Like the women your husband vicously attacked for coming forward about his misconduct and abuse towards women he had contact with.
You mean like all the women bill Clinton assaulted?
I am not a dumbass but I expect that from people like you even when peolple don’t call you names anyway I am sure it didn’t bother you when Clinton did it.
What Clinton did was wrong. He is not president anymore. He was impeached. Trump is no better. He is worse. His whole administration is clouded in obstruction,  colusion, abuse, prejudice and hatred. Trump is unqualified for the job. He never served in a public/government office
And what about the crimes of Barack Obama?
He is not in office. Trump is. Let's deal with the facts here. But republicans don't want the attention on them selves or deal with the facts. Trump is a traitor to this great country. He is a criminal. Unqualified to be in the greatest position on this planet. Unqualified!!!!!!!
So do tell about this elite EB-1 visa??? You realize lying on your papers is illegal right? Get out!
How Trump Views Women
Melania, you really could do so much more than this. You have been given such a gift and you are wasting your power and position. Don’t you want to make a real difference in the world? Think BIG!! Stop living so small.
And your sexual predator husband changed that! Just ask his daughter!
Thank you for all you do!
Walk down stairs? Good job!! That's about all she can do, you're right. Hasn't done a whole lot more.
Thank you for your grace. Thank you for rising above. Thank you for not engaging with with hateful, rude, crude people.
Thank you for your support and highlighting

#WomensHistoryMonth
What exactly have you done for women in 15 months? Or what exactly have you done at all? Other than plagiarism
Spoken like a true #FakeFemenist tearing down women because they have different political views.  #GoWearAStupidHat
Asking a question is not tearing up women, do you have the answer? . Maybe you just don’t like my question and there goes your argument about different political views.
Wait... being a feminist means you have to agree with and support all women, all the time no matter what the say, do, or don't do? Iono, man. Seems kinda sexist. 
Red Cross has a terrible rating on Charity Navigator. Way too too heavy. Disappointed 1000’s in Port Arthur.
Cool cool, how's that anti-bullying campaign going?
Right. 
Donald Trump is America’s biggest bully.
Hillary as President would be the best women's history month.
I would prefer to see her in prison.
The Red Cross gives very very very little to what they collect to the victims. Donate to another cause
You’re the worst first lady ever
Ether our country by taking Baron and run for the hills. He deserves a better life than the current WH provides #neveragain
Admit it, you can stop this mistake by turning on your abuser. Find the power and stop being a victim, Robert Mueller can be your safety guard. Take Charge!
I guess I expected too much from your crown of ashes!
Grow a backbone and divorce you’re sick sexual abuser husband.
God bless her.
Thank you FLOTUS you are the most beautiful and elegant 1st lady we have ever had #MAGA #WomensHistoryMonth
great melania
and then realized that "the Golden Years" & "the Change of Life" could be glamorous and beautiful with a little laughter........
Girl you need to call @GloriaAllred get yourself a nice DIVORCE! Then write a tell-all. Take half his money... ummm I mean live off the book money, cause half of zero is still zero.
Best First Lady ever
Sure, couldn't agree more. 
#notmyflotus
You're a real pos shawnda
Don't forget the children @FLOTUS 
@Emma4Change @NeverAgainMSD #MSD #NeverAgain etc ...

Mention them all ... or mention NONE ...

If you got 1616 consecutive bites at one facility ....
You don't have a "Pit" problem, you have a geographical situation...

If you are talking about my "babies" , then you don't know #pits
I've heard more excuse (geographical) then you know
My sisters rat terrier is more aggressive then any breed I've ever seen..
That "bitch" nips everything ... "weiner-dogs" a close 2nd ... 
My dogs pee with excitement with every visitor ....

It's an animal that will adjust to its environment,  "pack" ....
Get along , or get r on
https://www.facebook.com/SurvivorsOfToyDogAttacks/ …
Thank you for your concern, but I wear @RedWingShoes and after a little "jugging" , the situation becomes manageable ...
I recommend Kevlar socks as well
maybe you could explain women's month to all the women your POS husband sexually assaulted! how about inviting them all to the WH for a lovely dinner, maybe crow? #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance #BlueWaveComing2018 #NoWall
You blame her because of the allegations made about her husband? Makes sense!NOT
she is an enabler!  #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance #BlueWave2018 #NoWall she is in this country illegally! she makes a mockery of being *FLOTUS wasting taxpayer dollars staying in NY/trips to FL/spa treatments - self-enrichment!
I’m just curious, what is your beliefs?
Thank you bringing real class back to the White House. 2008-2016 was a disgrace
So, did you see her naked?  Classy eh?
Very classy actually. Photography and the human body are artforms. Liberals always took that road before, but not now. Hmmm.
How much of this artwork do you have?  #idiotsfortrump    @MichelleObama has more class in her little finger than @FLOTUS #TRASH


Thank you @FLOTUS for your graceful presence.  Women in history will remember you always for being a caring woman with a heart.
Not my #FLOTUS @flotus @realDonaldTrump #Stormy Daniels is the true FLOTUS
another bought and paid for Shill bot.  How DARE YOU
How can a bot clutch their pearls so fabulously??!! Do tell us your secret Comrade!
I was trained by Boris Yeltsin and raised under Mr. Putin’s watch. Funded by Manafort and Trump. No taking ‘bot’ directives from Jared Kushner himself. What a life!
Snowflake.
Really ... that’s the best you can do ??? I’d say get off Twitter and maybe thumb through a dictionary or thesaurus and expand your very limited vocabulary
how many languages do you speak?
More than the dotard
start with your English - you're *
Wow thanks .  Nice to see YOUR education is paying off
Best First Lady ever 
FLOTUS wake up, woman's history month is for woman who stand up. You might think you are right but for you life style, TRUMPS what is right. #TRUMPSLIFESTYLE
As a way to celebrate Women’s History Month. Wouldn’t you agree Hillary Clinton is a strong woman?  Well, once upon a time she was a First Lady, just like you. In fact, she was a First Lady for 8 years. Now, her husband was no saint....
#Hillary made history as the 1st First Lady to Loot the White House.
She took over $200k in items + was forced to return them.
#MAGA #Mika #MSNBC #CNN #donlemon @AC360 #andersoncooper #MAGA2018 #MAGAForAll #LockHerUp #AmericaFirst #MediaBias #ClintonCartel #USA #America
Most elegant first lady
Yes.  The most elegant by far
If someone were to post pictures of Clinton’s whores all lined up, they’d get banned from Twitter. But hey, welcome to censorship on social media — sponsored by: where do I even start?
Oh please.  They were at the debate in the front row. Go sit down

Thank you @FLOTUS!  Wonderful to have you as our leading Women In The White House!! Look forward to all you will do, encourage & pave the way for women!  

#WomenInSecurityPolicy #WomensHistoryMonth
SHE IS AWESOME! GREAT MOTHER, AND A GREAT FIRST LADY! 

Those 2 bitches are losers
Carol, this is for you
It's not real just like all the things u believe in , wise up
great great great melania

too bad you didn't type this.  We know you can't speak English
Red Cross is filling their ranks in the US with those synonymous with the Red Crescent-their middle east counterpart. Dangerous at best.
And our first woman doctor
ThankYou, First Lady Melania
.@RetardedBarron is such a good boy.  He loves  his Mommy.
I'm proud of you, FLOTUS. We FINALLY have grace and class back in the White House. 
Yes.  I agree. She is WAY more classy than those other dames
She is!  That fact that she was a model over 20 years ago doesn't bother me. It's who she is today.
lets also honor all the hard working scientists like Melania, who 'earned' her Einstein visa because her scientific and  academic skills
She is fluent in 4 languages  so that probably makes her smarter than you.
Everyone speaks several languages in Europe. Fact is, she speaks Slovenian well and Italian, French and English badly. After 20 years in the US, her English is deplorable.
As are your manners.
Melania Trump is very elegant and charming first lady. The liberals are hypocrites who are trying to destroy the lives of those who they disagree with. Attacking the family use to be off limits. Trying to fix an election by paying Russia for a bogus dossier is criminal
#MelaniaTrump
#TrumpFamily
What about the woman your husband keeps calling, "CROOKED"?
Will she be recognized for her contributions this month?

#WomensHistoryMonth 
#FollowMeForSnarkyShenanigans
Killary's contributions? Lmfao!!!!!!!

Melania you will be one of the best first ladies we have had in history. You've got 7 years left to top that list though...thank you for all you've done behind the scenes and cameras. I saw the story of  little boy who got the heart transplant after you prayed for him. Touching
I don't hate Melania, but can you tell me what she's done? Haven't seen anything but words. I'm guessing she's pretty miserable.
She is not miserable. She has done a lot but all the media wants to talk about is her choice of shoes. Even when she takes books to children librarians refuse her books. She doesn’t let their hate effect her. She continues to do good despite hate
Wow, Rita. It sounds like you know her personally. Where do you get your information?
You can do the same research I do to find out the wonderful things she does
I see a lot of nice words. Her expressions tell me that she's not a happy woman. I believe that she loves her child.
Not for nothing Deb but I think we were all shocked by Robin Williams suicide. He looked like the happiest, most free wheeling man. You can't judge by expressions. How much of that could be cultural?
I'm not saying anything is certain. But plenty of sources close to her are saying they rarely even spend time together. Plus, all of the cheating he's done would wear any woman down. Whatever. I don't care either way. I just know that she seems really unhappy to me.
Do you really think WE THINK you wrote this!!! You are nothing more than a scared woman who can’t even stand up to her own husband. The biggest bully out there. Your words mean nothing!!! Your actions are the only things we would ever believe. #DoSomething #WomensHistoryMonth
Your words are veiled in evil. So sad. And she is very sweet.
Then a few centuries later we have Maria Theresa Walburga Amalia Christina: Queen of Bohemia, Archduchess of Austria, Queen of Hungary & Croatia & Holy Roman Empress who had 16 children while ruling over all these countries!
Yes, by grabbing them by *****.



que Dieu vous benise ma soeur
Tres sucre’
Free Melania
You should march with @StormyDaniels  girl power
What’s going on with DT’s payoffs on all his affairs?
Just ask someone who is Legally Blonde.....................
Please explain how you got  preferential immigration processing?
Remember she fluent in 5 languages, no one has ever heard her speak, and when she had the chance to prove it she uses interpreters
Bu kadar kadın çocuk öldürken şimdim uyan diniz sizkisi eylemdeyil bir ne bi saklabaç   .oyunuyorsunuz   insanlar  aç vesusuz ve irk ayrım yapıyorsunuz. Bu nasil Eylem. Hanfedi.
Uyan  guzel gul ler ölüyor lar
Hope you're keeping notes. Your memoir will be an instant best seller. If you are honest with it, you will become richer than your dirty husband.
You think you're an American woman!??? Haahaahahaahaaa!!
AMERICAN women...hmmm
Yes it is Mrs. Trump.
and from a humble start in business you made an empire
Go away Melania
You r the best Melania. Behide you always.
wtf is "behide"??

#TheResistance
Are we including the 19 women that have claimed your sugar poppa sexually assaulted them  or is that a hard pass  #InternationalWomenDay2018
In native country we are missing many women it's real a shame please help my community,,,,,
GO AWAY.   You are pathetic letting that POS embarrass you like he has.  WTH is wrong with you?   Money must be soooo important.    Sad
@FLOTUS  don't pay any attention to thee few people who disrespect you. They are lost fools. The Red Cross is a great organization. I say this blue is you.
Girl, please
Yeah, nobody’s listening to you, Melania. You lack the gravitas—and maybe the proper immigration papers—to be an effective FLOTUS. Call Don out on his cheating and you might have a case.
Love you Melania Trump thank you for being a remarkable First Lady.
Thank you Melania for bringing dignity back to the White House
It's just sad that you will go down in history as the wife of our National Disgrace.
Very good.
Questions linger about how Melania Trump, a Slovenian model, scored ‘the Einstein visa’
@potus=Liar racist rapist mobster traitor! Why was #childrapetrump case ignored? Plaintiff had eyewitness. Case withdrawn @lisabloom's computers hacked=many death threats! AFFIDAVITS: Maria 12 disappeared & Trump threatened them saying he would do SAME to them, KILL+harm families

Thank you for bringing “Class” back to the White House.
So very proud of our First Ladyyour grace in the face of so much hatred from people is this country are admirable.
Thank You  and know that the majority of reasonable sane American people appreciate all that your family is doing to make this country great again
Even when she’s naked on the internet with the other naked porn star???
Oh...You're a Russian Bot
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
i'm not, sweetie. but you're a gullible fool and a #FakeChristian.

#TheResistance
As FLOTUS please use your voice to call out for a ban on assault rifles, bump stocks and high capacity magazines  to protect our children and schools.  You are in this position and it would be wonderful to use it for good in this world and that would be good.  Please help!
Your words or Michelle Obamas??
Here I am, trying to heart your tweets from before March 1st. Twitter keeps removing them 
Some were here only a short time to teach us lessons they did not see until it was too late...........
By obtaining a green card the way you did? Trump needs to call ICE!
Does anyone else see the humor in this tweet from an immigrant, when her husband @realDonaldTrump wants to deport immigrants that actually work and contribute to society?
https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/09/politics/stormy-daniels-attorney-cnntv/index.html?sr=twCNN030918stormy-daniels-attorney-cnntv1114AMVODtop …

Maybe it's time you leave that old, ugly, shithole. You can take him for all of his money at this point EVEN if he does have a prenup with you.  What are you waiting for?  Have some self-respect!
Thanks but no thanks Malaria. You do nothing for women and children. Nothing. GFU
....us to stay strong and keep on keeping on.  We've come a long way baby!

By celebrate you mean losing the human right to have control over their own bodies or to defend abuse against them and serial cheaters.  Right?
We love our accomplished, poised, gracious, smart, beautiful, patriotic First Lady. Yes indeed. And she loves America right back.
no dear, we don't.
and that's NO lady.

#TheResistance
And some of them sleep with your hunny
Love flotus - hate potus.  *sound of tobaccy missing spitoon*
Would look bad for the bubby to post that with all those allegations....
Stormy Daniels
Please stand up for women.  Your husband never will.
Women deserve more credit. Let's celebrate women more often
Happy womans month!!!
Let us begin with gratitude for the Mother of God and our Heavenly Mother.
Thank You for all you are doing!  You are a beautiful lady with a beautiful soul.  Sending Love and Blessings from our home to yours!
what is she doing? except aiding and abetting enemies of the state.

#TheResistance
You need to get busy on finding a way to get your husband to keep his penis in his pants
Fantastic!! An entire month to tell my wife how incredible she is. It will take longer than that though
Awww, that is so wonderful of you. She is a lucky lady.
Until you get your husband under control, don't even..
Go tell it to the First Lady, Ivankkka.
Because of your creepy husband you're going to see female empowerment like you've NEVER seen before!
How about all the woman your husband has assalted.

Let's put them in the spotlight.

#MeToo #ImpeachTrump #TrumpColluded #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
#Pendejo
#ImpeachTrumph 
Retweet if u get the meaning! 
 Visit our store to get more anti trump tees
 Click here https://goo.gl/gE1dgz   
Astonishing life of American #RedCross founder Clara Barton, in the Civil War, and beyond: 

https://www.facebook.com/AToZofAmerica/posts/1680161555356000 …

http://www.amazon.com/Patriots-Z-America-Edward-Moser/dp/1596525495/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1322353070&sr=1-1 …
Will Don be referring to March as “grab em by the pussy month?”
Or Oprah who taught me through her TV shows to never stay with an abusive man and to repeatedly research the background of any person with whom you trust with the care of your children.......
i know
Thank You Melania! You are a wonderful FLOTUS and a shining light for all American Women and men. My wife Sally and I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!  Dennis Dullea
Cannot wait until you're history.
Gonna be awhile cupcake
Any month that brings women to the forefront is good by me.  First up let’s explain the pussy protocol so there’s no confusion...#grabpussy
http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/376207-melania-trump-got-us-visa-through-program-for-people-with#.WpgheTI1lXk.twitter …
posing nude? 
I for one am glad that women are coming up from man's . My mama told me about a man's ego when I was a child I could not believe it I told her I didn't want one why should a woman build a man's ego they should be building Love for each other do I get an Amen
So what was your special talent that got you into the U.S

Red Cross? Nope there are still tales of no one receiving assistance after hurricane Irma..six months later! Receiving Red Cross's fake motel vouchers that no motel would honor was great...just sayin. It's the truth. I saw an entire family on the side of the Rd w/ their babies 
مرحبا
And how STORMY DANIELS will go down, I mean take down DJT #WomenHistoryMonth

LYING FOREIGN woman like you. Melania Trump won't reveal how she got an Einstein visa
thank you, you are the best First Lady ever. So proud of you.
Tell it to your husband’s victims Melania. #Predator
Thank you for all you do. You are a inspiration to women everywhere.
An inspiration to gold diggers* everywhere
Unlike you. She had her own money and a job.
Seriously?  How about your history... you’re no ROLE model
So if someone who use to steal..changes their ways and teaches other not to steal because of what he learned not to do, does this make that person not a role model?

It would be better if you just didn't say anything.
You first. 
And the one who paved our way

Why don't you March with us on Mar 24 ..saving lives of our children .not folding to NRA for political  donation.  Stand up and stand apart.  Be your own person. Call for  renewing  the ban on assault weapons .it was in effect for years did not violate 2nd amendment. Never again!
Sorry lost you on just reading  you are aware and accepting of your husbands deviant  behavior.  Had such respect  for you.  Not too late. Figure out your relationship with DJT but stand up for what is right.  No one needs an assault weapon to hunt or protect their home.
Yes, you and your husband really are all about empowering women. He won't even be alone in a room with a woman, which is freaky as hell.
You must be proud how your husband “reaches” out to attractive women whether they ask for his attention or not.
I could post her naked photos (that her husband released) but I won't.
Melania Trump got green card through program for people with ‘extraordinary ability’: report http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/376207-melania-trump-got-us-visa-through-program-for-people-with#.WpgheTI1lXk.twitter …
Please be fair.  She’s the only First Lady whose genitalia you can see with a Google search.  That technically qualifies as extraordinary ability since you cannot see the other 44 First Ladies genials.
I wish we could consider you.....but uhm NOT!  I know you want to emulate our Former Flotus, good  place to start!!
Melania and Karen are wonderful
If you really want to honor Women’s History Month, why not be the first 1st Lady to divorce her cheating husband? Make feminist history. #daviddennison
I shape my country by being a single, female, over-the-road truck driver. I do not have a co-driver. Enough said. 
P.S. I think you are the best FLOTUS and your husband is great also.
Beauty & Brains all wrapped up in Greatest of these known as Love
I can’t wait for #MenHistoryMonth to start April 1st...oh wait...men are just fools, right ladies?! Guess I fell for it again. {sarcasm}
ohh! I wish there was! Men deserve to have a month! A lot of smart men in our history! <3 -Said By A Female
Im agree with You.  Is the time.  Time finished.
Anna Strong 
Heroine/Patriot - American Revolution 
Member - Washington's spy ring 
Role - Signal to Courier for intelligence drops to Washington by hanging petticoats.
Melania, you need to leave your horrible husband and remove yourself from this crap
Thank you,Your grace beauty, intelligence & caring spirit shine so bright. You make all so proud. Truly a wonderful first Lady. God bless.
wow, your drugs are good! but that's STILL no lady, sweetie.

#TheResistance
What have you done? You did use chain migration to get your parents green cards! Stand up to your sexual predator bully husband & stop using tax $ for your lifestyle!
Please help us we are being repressed by socialist tyrants.  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-create-51st-state-jefferson …
Honor women and speak out against your husband's behavior towards women. #hypocrite

A First Lady we can all be proud of.  

Mel... help me out... who’s who? Do they both call him daddy?


Unfortunately, your husband is abusive of women and is in the process of setting back women's rights to the 18th century. Get out while you can!!!
or Florence Nightengale
Teresa Tomeo you keep the Pro-Life March going for more than 4 decades now............................
What did you do to change the shape of this country?
Women in history will always remember you for being a caring woman
#grabthembythepussy
No Liket Ret Mrs Melania Trump
You forgot #metoo
Elizabeth Doll deserves to be honoured for her tireless dedication and work with the Red Cross. Thank you Mrs. Doll
Now we all know you didn’t write this yourself because you are such an absentee FLOTUS!  Step up to what really matters! You’re living with a man who lies, cheats, and has no respect for you or anyone! Get a clue!!
The red Cross is a corrupt agency the CEO takes all the money you look into that and you will find out too!!!
Leave your cheating husband. Then talk to us about women empowerment
You're a Faux American woman using a bought and paid for visa by Delusional Donny. You are no First Lady.
Gross
