Obviously @joannperrone15 gives Trump permission...
Dear Melanie it’s disgraceful the way that Mueller is trying to take out the president you must listen to Dan Bon Gino’s podcast today he will explain what is going on thank you for being a beautiful wonderful thoughtful smart floutis
URGENT! Melania please appeal to your husband on behalf of majestic irreplacable wildlife being tortured and killed to the point of extinction. In particular elephant trophies, torture of grizzly bears and seismic testing deafening/killing whales/ sealife
https://instagram.com/p/BiPXnvNH2jR/ 
Congratulations on the state dinner planning & design Ignore the Establishment Media you've been a Great @FLOTUS & you Represent our country well



DISGUSTING
You speak in meaningless platitudes. What work? You've done nothing while your husband destroys our country. If you really love your new country, convince your husband to resign.
Meeting with the hair colorist, the stylist, the dermatologist, the dress designer, Chanel, Dior, the makeup artist, the masseuse, the personal trainer, the nutritionist, the yoga teacher, the pilates teacher, the nail tech, the therapist...yes, busy busy!
Oh, no! She's combatting online bullying. ;)
You are a great first lady. Thank you
Ah...My 'Trophy Wife'..........my most prized possession! What for supper babe?
Spare us
So what was accomplished during all these meetings, anything?
Looking forward to seeing and hearing all you will do and done Godbless
i've always thought 'meetings' should be held standing up. they'd be over in half the time!
Your husband is a racist serial sexual predator who raped his first wife. How will you ever explain this to Barron when he starts to understand what happened?
American patriots LOVE you, @MelaniaTrump! 
Class! Pure class! Refreshing after 8 long yrs of no class, racist FLOTUS.
Class? Bar set very low buddy
 Nikki: With that ugly, nasty, face of yours, you dare to criticize our beautiful First Lady ? Shows you're as ugly on the inside as you are on the outside ! 
Hereis YOUR "classy" hag ! 
He wasn't a FLOTUS, I believe the correct for Michael would be FMOTUS.
 .......

Your husband's a filthy racist. Have a nice weekend.
Nancy Pelosi is the filthy racist not President Trump. STOP watching #FakeNewsCNN & listening to #lyingDemocrats
How's that cyber bullying platform going?
Thank you for all you are doing,you are an inspiration
We all love you and Donald here in FL
Trumpeter's powerhouse. Proud of you.
YOU are AMERICA’s BLESSING!!
You do know that she is an illegal immigrant, right?
We LOVE & Honor our First Lady!!!!!!!
God bless you and the presidential
Well, no one is looking forward to the year ahead with you and your bogus hubbie. Guess you don’t mind about the porn star? You were one yourself, so what else is new?
And what do you do all day? Meetings? Girl please. You could have the nation's ear. Remember Michelle Obama? She actually got out & promoted causes she cared about. You could help bring positive vibes to this disaster of a presidency. Sad, really.
I don’t like to insult Melania, but I have to agree with you. What has she really done as First Lady? Honestly she looks miserable. Have you ever seen Donald show any kind of affection to her?
Very proud to have you as our Flotus.Looking forward to following you on your journey in http://2018.Best  of luck.

Thank You - You are appreciated for all you do to #MAGA!! 
Examples?

Were you in the shithole meeting? Enquiring Americans want to know. We really do need your help. Was there a Stormy meeting? Or was your husband‘s lawyer just paying for professional services?
Mrs Trump Americans are so proud of our FLOTUS #MAGA
zdravo
Run, Melania, Run.....
For what?
Oh, I wouldn’t say for, but to! To Slovenia, to the books as the FLOTUS who uncovered the shithole the WHouse became, run with her sin to try and make him a better man, I don’t know.... Or just run....
Oh— haha! Yes she should.
Best selling book of all time
Right!!! We had a brother opening up about his brother who was Brazil’s president in 92! We impeached him!! So, not impossible!
Just heard of your husband’s disgusting affair with a prostitute just leave him .. everyone will forgive you and they still love you no matter what
What happened to your anti-bullying campaign @FLOTUS?  Aren't you embarassed of @realDonaldTrump? Come on, we know you are!
I'm praying for you 
Said woman in parallel universe.
You seem very nice and intelligent. You are not deserving of the constant embarrassment. You can do better. So much better.
If you didn't know about Stormy Daniels, you have my sympathy. If you did know, sitting up in Trump Tower with your baby while your husband carried on with a porn star, then shame on you for not acknowledging it. If you can blame Hillary for what Bill did, where is your blame?
To all those that stated Hillary was complicit because she didn't leave Bill, should #FLOTUS Melania leave Donald because of the #StormyDanielsAffair?
. We love and appreciate you @FLOTUS @POTUS for MAGA!!!!

thanking her for what ? for being a pretty girl? cuz thats all she has going for her, shes done NOTHING as flotus NOT ONE FRICKING THING
Awwww. Look?!!  A hater! Another person who will help get Donald Trump elected with your whole nonsense resistance thing!! Ysyyy. Thx!!! #Trump2020
and her values...
WHAT IS THAT !!!
The Democrats First Lady... Michelle Obama


I think she's more mail order bride.

Was indeed productive!  Your shitbrain spouse out did his ignorance!
I can only imagine how you feel....
A smart woman
Would you want to be her?   hahaha
Please!
God help us. A tRump snowflake..
Looking forward to the 7 years ahead with you as FLOTUS.....
NOT

You are doing a wonderful job. Thank you for taking this on and doing such a classy job at it. Thanks to you and Mr President it's nice to have a REAL WHITE HOUSE again. God bless
Nothing classy about a gold digger
Posting this picture says more about you than about Melania Trump. At a minimum, we have an *actual* woman as a first lady for the first time in 8 years, as proven by your lovely picture, and she's beautiful, smart, poised, graceful and hot as f*ck.
You gotta be a real racist to put down Michelle for a women plastered with porn
How does race have anything to do with gender?
"Racist" "Racist" "Racist" "Racist" "Racist" "Racist" "Racist".
Get a dictionary. Socialists have no teeth left.
You've reduced that word to an eyeroll.

Michelle Obama was a race-baiting, testicle swinging, divider of people.
Saddest thing about racist they really believe they’re not. I’m aware of doctored pic of Michelle that’s been passed around and you know it’s fake it just burns you that diverse America elected highly intelligent AA president twice. Get over it
You know it's possible that people aren't racist, and they JUST DON'T FUCKING LIKE YOU.   [Raises hand]
I feel sorry for you
Your husband clearly doesn't see you as his First Lady. How much humiliation will you take?
Can’t stand you... or the rest of trump clan...

#bodegastrike 
#IamAmericantoo
Want trump indicted for sex trafficking miss teenage pageant contestants!
Hi
Ты супер!!!!!
Shitholes, shitholes and more Shitholes.
ru talking about our poor cities the Dems control, sad isn't it , what they have done!
I don’t believe you. You want to be #FLOTUS like people want hemorrhoids.
Ah, I see the problem.  You didn't know that hemorrhoids, and his wife, left the White House in January 2017.
@Mary07777777 THIS comment is considered “hate.” Just an FYI. #Obama
No it’s truth there is a difference. Why do u feel the need to attack Melania?
I assume that you are addressing the other tweeter.  I am in full support of FLOTUS Melania.
@MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump visit webshop Calivita International company https://english.calivita.com/products    Sponsor ID 3815018918
#USA #Trump #MelaniaTrump #CaliVita #MLM #Health #Vitamins #Suplements #webshop
Don't you ever feel like your husband is, I don't know, I chauvinistic, rude, and ignorant pig???

Go Melania Trump!! You are a wonderful human being!! We love you very much. Thank you for all you hard work.
Dear Melanie I don’t understand why trumps state department under USAID is still giving money to George Soros and Obamas community leftist organizers
Going through the motions must be very hard 4 U N Barron however how R U explaining your husbands infidelity 2 your Son U will have 2 come to grips 4 yourself N son 1 way or the other @kellyz713 @layla_lsm @Gravityisback1 @CateM555 @MarilynCapps @TruthEqualsFact @Rochellelloyd57
Does it make you feel good about yourself to put another human being down.... you're disgusting

Michelle Obama never posed nude or done lezzie porn.  Oh that's right - no other first lady has done that in US history!
Ask trump to stop bullying people. It is a bad example not only for his son but for mine.
Don’t get too comfy.... you won’t be there much longer.. your hubby is going to resign. He will have no choice in the coming months.
It’s fantastic to have a FLOTUS that’s supports AMERICANS and AMERICA, not like the last who divided AMERICANS!!
You're doing such a wonderful job as our intelligent, amazing, beautiful First Lady. 
Thank you Melanie.
Dear First Lady Melanoma, 
Most of America loves you and Donald Trump way more than words can ever say! Thank you for your tremendous "Heart & Love". WE LOVE. YOU FOR YOUR SACRIFICE!!!

If that is true then you should be a fan.
I don’t think people should be in this country working illegally. Just pointing out the hypocrisy of trump supporters.
What would you like to have done to her?  Fine?  Jail time?  Or are you just trying to find something in an attempt to validate your bullshit opinion.
Not my style and from the looks of your face... not yours either.  Shouldn’t you be mowing a lawn or beating the dents out of a fender somewhere?
Madame you husband is a philandering racist, renegotiate the PRENUP or threaten to leave the WH...  1 billion for you and your son!!
Better learn to speak English then, eh ?
Your a great FLOTUS! Makes me proud to be an American!
@FLOTUS Thank you for your Respect, Humanity, and Humility. #MAGA2018 #WeThePeople #
All of America wishes that as you begin your anti-bullying campaign that you start with your husband get your house clean first before you touch America otherwise, why in the world would you think anyone would take you seriously
@StormyDaniels
#StormyDaniels #ImpeachTrump
That was really informative, so far you’ve been flotus for a year and have done nearly nothing .
Brilliant plan..

Wow must be tough. Unlike the rest of the country we just get to work every day.



The president of the United States invited 2 adult film stars to his hotel room for a bisexual threesome, while his new wife sat home with their newborn baby.…
@MELANIATRUMP
Thank you for all your work Mrs Trump!
How's that anti-bullying campaign coming along?  Being @FLOTUS is more than photo ops and pretty dresses.  Do you understand your role? #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Do us all a favor and leave him publicly.  You know you want to -
Yea, meetings at Mar-A-Lago?  What have you done in 11 months. Your anti bullying campaign is joke with your husband the worst bully, liar and racist we've ever seen.  ,
Golf, golf and more golf.
You need to stop tweeting
What hurts more, your husband cheating on you when Baron was 4 months old or home cheating on you before that with a Paymate?

Looks you have plenty of competition ..... porn stars and Ivanka. Keep that dog on a short leash or divorce him and show the world you have morals !!!
Is remaining FLOTUS- being seen as either a laughing stock or an object of pity- really WORTH what Trump is teaching your son by example about how it is ok to treat women -even his own mother- and humiliating them as long as he "makes it worth it"by buying them off? poor Baron!
You really should concentrate on divorce...
Hi
Or until your husband leaves the WH in handcuffs or with his tail between his legs!!
Will you continue to steal from Michelle Obama?
Thank you very much Melanie! We're proud of you guys. For once being American I don't feel squashed.

when are you going to stop using Marrage as an excuse to steal money from the people when we retire? my wife and I both worked hard for our money gov took money out of our hard earned dollars for retirement for our SS
First Lady? Where? All I see is trash.
I hope one of those meetings was with #Mueller (we’ll keep it between us)
You should totes lawyer up and take @realDonaldTrump for all he's (supposedly) "worth".

#StormyDaniels
I think Donald hid some of his money in her boobs
Thank you for serving as First Lady; we are so proud of you and all your efforts to restore this great nation to it's foundations. You are amazing!
Thank you so much!
is it divorce meetings
So busy, you've been MIA for most of this year.
Did Dementia Don ever tell YOU that you reminded him of his daughter?  Betcha he did!  Vomit!   HEY, CAN WE HAVE A PHOTO OF YOUR NEW 27 YEAR OLD HUNK?
We love you, precious Lady! You are the @FLOTUS we have been praying for in our precious country. Thank you for your classy & heartfelt representation of our country! You are a 'class act', Mrs. Trump!
Please we are asking for help here in Cleveland Ohio to get God back into our schools and to give our children a better lunch and a healthier lunch the one Michelle Obama put in there are horrifying and Away by the thousands and going home hungry
Umm...I'm thinking that Dotard controls both Twitter accounts on this one!???
Men are Mars, Melania is from Planet Delusion
Please get away from HIM as soon as you can.  Run!
Silly.
Pfffffft!
How cute
All class, though.  Quality lady.  This is risible.
DONT YOU SEE IF YOU ALLOWED BOTH SPOUSES TO GET THEIR ss AT RETIREMENT IT WOULD HELP TO ASSURE HIS RE ELECTION NO ONE WOULD WANT TO GIVE THAT UP!
So excited and positively proud to see our First Lady’s Full platform for this Bright promising New Year God Bless You always 
Huh

As far as I'm concerned from day one when you both entered into the White House it's been nothing but greatness and I thank you for all what you've done.
did someone pay you to say that? was hysterical
America thanks you for your stellar work ethic. #Lesbianpornqueen
WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU
DEAR MELANIA
Thank you for your time and extreme effort as @FLOTUS. It is greatly appreciated.
Melania is Slovenian.  We don't want foreigners sleeping with POTUS.  Too much of a security risk.  That's why I support Trump's extracurricular activities with red-blooded American women like Stormy Daniels.
At least Melanie has got more class than Michelle Obummer 
B!tch PLEASE!
So proud of our country and you
More nothing from the mail order bride...
What exactly do you do?
I hope you spend time with children. Your entire being lights up when you are with them.
Hit him with your gold frying pan! #FreeMelania
Bravo for a REAL First Lady!
yea our very first First Lady who has posed naked and slept with trump when he was married to another woman. supporting THAT says so much about you bubba
How's that cyberbullying initiative going? Have you finally had a talk with your husband?
Get away now Melania!
Save your son from this evil shithole !
the most beautiful first lady an woman we ever had period kick ass melania we love you big time
Wow what kind of meetings?  We’re thy with your makeup artist?
what exactly is it that you do again? #complicit
Beautiful First Lady, I am a retired Marine, so believe me when I say that our VA Secretary is an incompetent idiot and criminal! Please FIRE him!
We are mostly all sorry your husband is the algae that grows on top of ponds. And if you want to leave, the country is behind you.
Is it possible that you do not care about your husband sleeping with a porn start?  Do you have any moral values left or every inch of your heart  and self-respect has been consumed by the green color?
You’re going to start doing some work? Super! Can you kick off your anti-cyber bullying campaign but taking away your husband’s phone? Thanks everso.
It is good work but you must better measures in favor of Pakistan kindly consider @FLOTUS

Remember back in the 90s when Republicans criticized Hillary for not leaving her husband? I wonder what these people think Melania should do.

You LIE !!
And I used to feel sorry for you.
How much paid now ?
Hire yourself a good lawyer and get out of this mess.  You know you can and you need to. Peace.
Thank you First Lady, Mrs. Trump. We appreciate you!

https://www.thedailybeast.com/trump-accuser-jessica-drake-has-an-nda-preventing-her-from-talking-about-donald-trump …

You had just given birth. #ImpeachTrump
Oh please, you don’t work.
Please add freedom of Biafrans to your work. Biafrans are Christians in old eastern States in Nigeria. Tell Your husband to free us.
What’s so good about malaria? What has she done? Oh besides posing nude and stripping and pole dancing!???
Proud of what? Proud that she is what? Don’t get it, please enlighten those of us that have no clue, obviously....
God isn't blessing this traitor nor his family
Oye, you are really delusional girl
Your son and yourself deserve better.  Be strong.  Be a role model.
What were your accomplishments? Botox or going shopping?
Lots of meeting!
Praying for u and ur family.
Please hang in theRR ... Our country needs yall in the White House.
PEACE
Thank you for all your hard work! We are so very proud to have you as our First Lady! You are definitely a big help in #MAGA :)
