Melania you are a candle in every place you meet, even those covered by tragedy. Best wishes.
San Antonio has a beautiful Holocaust Remembrance Museum, also.
Melania is the best @FLOTUS ever!  MAGA.
(Computer kept trying to change her name to “Melanie”.
The computer should know better.)
 My phone makes me look like an idiot when I'm texting.
Proud to have you as first lady, ur doing a superb job.
What the hell has she done.......a big fat nothing....
What are you saying?
Simply that she has done nothing. Where is she with her claim to stop bullying.....
@jenbrunel @HolocaustMuseum Are you filled with hate first thing in the Am or do u drink libturd kool-aid 2 get that way?
CNN, our President & First Lady's life is theirs to do with as they so desire. Stop reporting made up horseshit about them. America loves them & there is nothing you can do about it but spend 10 to 20 years in prison for seditious conspiracy for your slanderous & treasonous lies!
America does not love Russian traitors, money laundering, cheats, thieves or wandering husbands who hurt women and support nazis!
This is a sign hanging inside the museum. Didn't it remind you of anything? Anyone? Blink twice if you want us to save you.
spot on
explain it to your husband
excellent
Beautiful ! God will richly bless you in all you do ! Be strong and be courageous! God is only one who judge by himself . So proud of you ! Melania !
I've been there.
http://hmmsa.org/ 





have your husband fire nazi Stephen Miller then.
Ironic. Your husband will not renounce white supremacists & neo-nazis, and you say nothing. He pays a porn star he is alleged to have had an affair with and you say nothing. He slams the free press on a world stage, any thoughts? Your actions are as hollow as  @realDonaldTrump
Ovo je uzasno ali zasto ne odes u Jasenovcu gde su Ustase preko milijon srba na takav uzasan nacin ubijali da cak i nemci to potvrdjuju. Zasto tamo ne odes pa da tim ljudima upalis svecu i stavis venac kao pocast. Ili svim zrtvama nato bombardiranje 1999 SRAMOTA
God bless! 
Amazing her take is a single event
Wow Melania very nice very impressive!
I am so grateful that you are representing us on this important day of remembrance.
Love our FLOTUS!
She's amazing. And I have been around through a lot of FLOTUS'. First Lady Melania is our best ever!

Your #shithole is still hurt Mrs Clinton lost. Poor elitist baby. Go play with your crayons , honey, while Republican men take care of what Nancy liberals couldn’t do. 

Michael Cohen admits he paid $130k in hush money to Daniels during presidential campaign to cover up her affair with @realDonaldTrump. That smells illegal. Looks like a massive in-kind contribution.…
A wonderful sentiment.

..1111

Thank you we love you too
you go great !

Beautifull picture who took it should get a reward! From Rotterdam xxx @FLOTUS
You might want to get with that holocaust denier in Illinois running on the GOP ticket.

Bernard Marks, 90, survivor of Auschwitz & Dachau, confronts ICE director Thomas Homan and Sacramento Sheriff Scott Jones at public forum. 
Exactly! "Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it". Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Palestine!
#StopAfrinGenocide

Thanks for honoring our memory as the Jewish people and among its rightful heirs we salute and thank you for your actions on our behalf.
@OJnaitis

Con todo respeto pero el olocausto lo crea su marido señora Melania y las diferencias de odio racial también

U need 2 stand up & call out ur sick husband!
Seriously Melania? Your OWN HUSBAND OPENLY SUPPORTS WHITE SUPREMISTS! Can't U see the hypocrisy of your comments on this subject? Please do the right thing; stop blindly supporting your abhorrent husband. As FLOTUS, U have the power 2 speak the TRUTH about DJT - U need 2 do so!
You are the epitome of GRACE @FLOTUS 
Thank you 
Know History or we are doomed to repeat it! The Left is leading us into barbaric times, so sad
Acknowledge the black holocaust still going on
I'm sure you really give a shitt
Beautiful
Thank you Melania for being such a kind and caring FLOTUS! Much love for you!
What an honorable person you are
She is stunning in every picture I see of her... #FLOTUS

It is so sad to know that atrocities such as the Holocaust happened and so many lives lost.
#freeinternet4iran
A First Lady worthy of the title.
Erdogan commits the Holocaust against the Kurds amid international silence and the covert support of world powers. Save the rest of humanity and conscience. Enough wars that only innocent victims
#StopAfrinGenocide
Very humbling tour
You might want to bring your husband next time. Maybe something will sink in.
Melania,You are as beautiful of heart as you are in body. Thank you for being our First Lady. As also, at the SOTU lovely Evening 

Don't mistake the victims #Poles and #Polish #Jews with the aggressor #Germany 
#Germans murdered 6 million Polish citizens including 3 mill. Polish Jews and destroyed @Poland 
#GermanDeathCamps #WeRemember http://www.germandeathcamps.info   @tvp_info @MorawieckiM
What a felt in a loss to so many at a prolic time to all in a history. Respect!
what would happen if you go on a date with a Mexican to get back on Donald?
You have the power to do something for all those innocent children who is dying in Afrin.  They are not terrorists.!!!!!!!!
This is Alep pictures not Afrin you are wrong
Stay classy Mrs. Trump
You are super m
So you finally found a place where you can cry in public, #hotus.  You knew what you signed up for when you married the pig.
And thank you, Mrs. Trump for being the most gracious, tender hearted yet strong FLOTUS we have ever had in the White House!!  Just your presence last night at the SOTU was amazing!!  Praying for you with a very thankful heart!!!  God bless you and Pres. Trump!
I was there a few years ago. What a powerful impact it made on me!
Melania, supporting  every successful man there is a strong and loving woman.
#StopAfrinGenocide
What did you think of the Jehivah's Witness section in the museum. Very informative wasn't it.
Gross.
Soooooooo touching 
We did ask why. We also asked how. If you want to see how it happens, keep watching your husband ignore the Russian sanctions. We gave them Ukraine like Britain gave Hitler Poland. We're watching it happen again.
why there are no Slavic Holocaust Museums ?
Taught Hillary how to wear a pantsuit.... Beautiful we love you.
Did you get to go on some of the rides?
The first Lady Melania TRUMP a voulu honorer les millions de Vies innocentesperdues dans de conditions atroces, ce fut une visite émouvante et, forte, permettant aux Générations, de ne pas oublier et Nous rappelle les Tragédies et les Conditions de l'Holocauste
Save Lionel trains
#StopAfrinGenocide
Thank you for helping us remember the tragedy that took the lives of so many innocent people.
@mcolfer02
It’s so sad to see you as FLOTUS. you didn’t marry this guy for love. You married for money and financial security. You will do nothing for the American people. Surprise me.
@realDonaldTrump
The Holocaust...many stood by & did nothing. Melania Trump...she stood by an amoral, abusive, fascist,lying, chaos creating, destructive, bully: and did nothing. It is time to save UR child...but u no doubt won't as u don't care how your child is affected and what he is learning.
Who the #fuck you think you are fooling you piece of #shit.
Your husband would like to repeat the holocaust. 
#RacistTrump

Proud of you. I wish you could be free. Your like a bird in a gelded gage. I wish you experienced love. And not possessions.

Melania Trump's travel for three months cost twice what Michelle Obama's cost per year: report http://hill.cm/6yoa3mT  
Classy as ALWAYS! My favorite First Lady so far! Shrug off the haters and keep being awesome Mrs. Trump! :)
When life gets you down, and by “down” I mean that your husband cheats on you while you’re at home with your newborn, nothing seems to lift the spirits as much as touring a genocide museum.

That Eastern Bloc heart of yours is ice cold, Mel.
#StopafrinGenocide
When are you divorcing Donald?
Maybe keep your friends close and your enemies closer
That’s so good Melania just change the subject!
Your Following your husbands suit!

Furious Melania Trumps escape to Mar-a-Lago spa cost Taxpayers $64,000 https://susanorji.blog/2018/01/30/furious-melania-trumps-escape-to-mar-a-lago-spa-cost-taxpayers-64000/ … via @suzdick
#Simple #Elegant #Creative #Logo Within 24 Hours Delivery! 
 Order now - https://goo.gl/1iAEX3   

Visit Portfolio- https://goo.gl/fC3H4E  

#graphicDesign #logoDesign #branding #uidesign #print #only1kader
@FLOTUS @HolocaustMuseum
“There were very fine people on both sides”
What about the Palestinians, Melania. Or do you think they’re animals, too!
@FLOTUS @HolocaustMuseum
Beautiful

Melania was blindsided and furious over report of Trump affair with porn star: report http://hill.cm/g3DXNPO  
Now here’s a class act. We love you melania

But ur husband wants another one.
Vry nic
You are such a lady.......   We love you.....#
When HE goes low, SHE goes high! Melania is the only class left in the White House
Thank you @FLOTUS. I know it can't be easy for you.  so thank you! xox
God bless
USA STOP SUPPORT NAZI ANTISEMITIC REGIM POROSHENKO IN UKRAINE
USA STOP SUPPORT NAZI ANTISEMITIC UKRAINE
Do you plan on visiting the black museum in Washington?#weremember
#Noflyzone4afrin
Thank you and your entire family for allowing your husband, our President, this time to basically save the WORLD! You are an amazing family and I'm so proud to call myself a Trump Supporter!
#GodBlessU
#ReleaseTheMemo #TheGreatAwakening #TheStormHasArrived #Thank #Trump2020 #DTS
Indeed...The Holocaust Museum is a very moving emotional experience Melania...Reminder to all of us that this horrid chapter in human history must never be repeated...#WeRemember #NeverAgain
Important for you and all of us to remember and learn about the Holocaust so that hopefully something like the Holocaust never happens again.
Dear Melina, It really would be such an honor to meet you. I admire you and ferl there hasn't been s more besutiful or intelligent woman in the White House in years. God bless you fp r having a thick skin I know,in a small way. God bless you and President Trump for your strengths
#stopAfrinGenocide



White House reporter @PeterWSJ heard Melania Trump was running up military flight costs. So I FOIA'd her travel records and found before her move to Washington she spent more than $675,000 in 3 months. …
Please don't leave us, Melania.
So nice to finally have a lady of grace, class and genuine beauty.
You at least show compassion unlike your Ex partner.
@FLOTUS Can you bring your husband next time?
Mrs. Trump ( flotus ) I would like to thank you and your husband for everything you both are doing for all of the forgotten people in America.
