As is the nation @FLOTUS . Thank you for your continued support of @POTUS and our country in MAGA 
  You are loved and appreciated
Ty Ty Ty
How is he fighting for us ha!ha! I do know that he acts with violence so  some of are people our following the leader.
U libs n this violence !  Tell me what violence? I want proof
His whole campaign was built on violence and he.continues to promote it.
That’s stupid!
There nothing stupid about it. Please tell me what has he done for this country.i have been wanting to ask a republican. I'm not a dem. I am an indepent.
Beautiful words from a Lovely First Lady! Ty
You think she wrote this?
Yes I do n it’s sad that you’d judge her on it
Melania accomplished her mission of snagging a millionaire & having an anchor baby. She insulted Obama on every talk show she could get on about the birther bullshit. She has tainted the title of first lady with her porn. She's a disgrace & still just a paid escort.
No sympathy
Ok we go from a porn star now to First Lady doing porn
Maybe you didn't have the unfortunate opportunity to see a part of her video where she is masturbating in bed with another woman. Believe me it was not soft p***
Someone wrote this for you lol
Wow nice original joke 
It doesn't appear as a joke to me. Seems 100% accurate that @FLOTUS certainly didn't write it.
Hmm I wouldn’t suppose you had evidence that this is true
Who the heck needs evidence? Donny boy Rump never produces evidence for his statements, why do I need to?
Whatever happened to “when they go low we go high”. Also I’m not talking about Donald trump right now so that isn’t really relevant and you’re making a claim and claims need evidence
Says who...? to quote Michael Cohen... Says who? Says who? Says who?
Hilary Clinton who got it from Michelle obama. I know more about your favorite people than you do
 love @FLOTUS .
Bill Graham was a right wing stooge and fake christian. Bye, felicia.
He was a homophobic, anti-woman minister who started the big divide in our country with his alignment with Nixon and Reagan against large portions of our population.  He will now meet our living God.
His crusades were always watched as they brought Jesus closer to us! RIP BGThank You First Lady
To who?  Who is us?  Nixon?
I am sadden, I remember we were celebrating his 99 ninth Birthday not long ago on social media Facebook. I will say a prayer for his family, may you Sir RIP,
Yes, thoughts and prayers for your sadden
Lol 
Hey resist, this isthe true definition of Resist,allow this to sink in Sir or Ma'am!
Yeah, you seem like a strict follower of Billy Graham.

Thoughts and prayers to you on your marriage.
Perfectly nasty!
#TrumpColluded #TrumpColluded #TrumpColluded #TrumpColluded @realDonaldTrump
tell me, what spiritual teachings did he provide you with? was it “how to take your clothes off for money”? or “how to turn the other way when your husband is having an affair”? asking for a friend
Brianna, you should ashamed of yourself! You need forgiveness. Fly to JESUS CHRIST and he will give you a new heart.
Take your piety, add some salt and butter, bake at 350 for 30 minutes and choke on it.
#jesuschristisanorgandonor
Amen, Mrs. Trump.... Amen.

Did she even know him?
Who cares, you don't know her, yet you're commenting. Dear Lord.
We do know. That’s the problem.
Feeding time little bird. You don't get it, and never will.
Thank you for the kind quote. You are a REAL First Lady. 
I feel sorry for the LibBots who tweet nasty things here.
They're pathetic.
What does that even mean?  "you are a real first lady"
It means she is first class. A well liked and adored First Lady. Unlike that last garbage bucket that was taking up wasted space. Make sense ?
Got it you're f****** bigot move on
Anybody want to bet Melania had no clue who he was until today?

Well that was the fastest buck I've ever made. So, she not only knew about him, she has met him personally. Pay up, Zack. 
Glad it was only a buck and once i find Zack, ill let him know he owes you a dollar 
She doesn't even know he was someone wrote it for her
I heard on the radio his grandson read something from his grandfather. It was something like when you hear I've died don't believe it I just changed addresses.
At least you know how to send your condolences. Maybe teach that man you are married to some niceties
He was 99.....
I  will miss Billy Graham also
I so agree. I've been to two crusades. Sang in choir, went forward at the age of 13 and committed my life to Jesus Christ. He will indeed be missed
He was a great servant of God!
And sadly he had no influence on your husband the day he cheated on you with Stormy Daniels.
I don't think this is the time or the place to be hateful, I'm sure your mother would be so proud of you in this moment.
well to be fair, thats not hateful, its just stating the obvious
@flotus had to read The Lord’s Prayer off a piece of paper. She married a man for money who clearly doesn’t value or love her in a Christian manner. Neither one of them are Christians. So I think it’s the perfect time to call out her hypocrisy.
Be wise to take the Bible's offer and remove the log from your eyes before removing the wool from someone else's. Judge not please.
can i give you some harry potter excerpts? Thats about as relevant as the bible is
Now I understand, You need Love not Harry Potter; & God is love. The Bible will teach you how better to react in situations like this.
hate to bust your bubble, but the bible is about as real as harry potter
Well said, my friend.
Your husband also likes to touch people, not with his spiritual teachings but with his filthy little hands! Wow, they were so similar!
These girls miss him too
Pastor Billy was a beautiful soul and never chose to argue
He was televised not ever giving reality a chance to talk back. That's hardly choosing not to argue. His side job of opinionating is where he argued a lot and its all out there to see if you want to see it. All televangelists are shysters. Find God at the cross not on the tube.

#BillyGraham will be deeply missed in #hell

(because unfortunately hell doesn't exist).
Yes, he will.  
IT'S UP TO US NOW!
Learn TRUTH #RETWEET


Yes, our world has lost a man who exemplified a strong moral compass. Such a void.
Another dead dinosaur....hope you can afford the balloon cloud mortgage payments  up there.
Abolish the @NRA. Stop the bullying

Another spot on analysis by Pat Ronertson.  

Has there ever been a time when he was wrong?
Get Out!
No, you get out, pig.
I'm ashamed at all these people who do nothing but come here to bash her! Melania has a kind and thoughtful heart. She's how Jesus would want us to be!
Lol, she's a porn star, I don't think the zombie sky fairy would approve!
You can see
It is like a queen. I want you to come back to Japan.
Whatever... you didn't even know who he was a few years ago! We know where you came from dummy! #fake #Mueller #TrumpRussia
Yeah I’m real sure you knew he was before this morning. 

Alene how many times are you going to post this picture, we get it alright
Billy Graham was more than outstanding a living saint.  He too was incredibly good looking.
You didn't write this.
Like she GAF...
So you must be the judge without sin, one who knows the inside of a persons heart. The self righteous fool has arrived!
Preach elsewhere Dave.
God bless the Trumps. We do hurt that Mr. Graham leaves us but we have joy he is now at home. God bless his children and families
Love you FLOTUS. John 3:16
 You are doing a wonderful  job and your husband
#FSOTUS is not doing her husband anymore. She cut him off because of his whoring around.
Is that in her contract with trump??  I'll bet not.  I'll bet she is required to sleep with him whenever he wants, keep quiet about his whoring around, and not divorce him until after his presidency (which I hope is soon).  She is apparently allowed to slap his hand away. 
Good riddance.
Lo
R.I.P
Wake up girl
I don't mean to be unkind, but do you think Melania Trump even knew who Billy Graham was before this morning?
YES
Melaina/FLOTUS is just such a wonderful dignified lady! (reminds me of my mom)
She is the epitome of regal elegance. Proud that she is our #FLOTUS.
Very well said!   I watch her and she exudes kindness and humility.   Wonderful traits.
NO LIE THERE. HE WAS SUCH AN EXTRAORDINARY PASTOR/TEACHER OF THE WORD (BIBLE) A A GRACEFUL SERVENT OF GOD.  YES, HE WILL BE MISSED GREATLY
I wonder how many of these rude liberals even know who Billy Graham is.  As long as our #FLOTUS tweets,  there will be hateful comments,  even without knowing the subject. They have so much anger and hatred.
Amen! Their hearts are FULL of hate, slander, lust, greed, and treachery. Ignore them!
Amen! There is one heck of a party goi g on in Heaven today!!
Nice try, Melania.

Like she even knows who he is, or was.

Mindlessly applauding a man who she thinks is famous because he is the guest of honor but has no clue whatsoever beside that.
Yes'ss'ahhh 

Rev.Billy! Graham!

Inspiring .. to the world 

Instilled .. GOD'S! GREATEST! GIFT!

SPREADING!

SPIRITUAL! PREACHING! 

THAT! ..  ALL! OUR!  .. 

" hearts  felt " threw him threw..

Jesus.

Aaaaaaaaymen! Aaaay! "like"

Warm.Prayers.Sent.
Spreads lies and hate. There is no God btw
I'm sure you and @POTUS will meet him in H-E-double hockeysticks. #GoodRiddance
Sorry for you Erik.. it takes a sad human being to criticize one of the most admired Christians in the world who brought millions to Christ.. may God have mercy on you.
God does not exist. We're sorry you live in a fantasy world Amy.
A good, Godly man is reaping his reward in Heaven! God bless you, Rev. Billy Graham!
Thanks Mel we  #FLOTUS
He is in a far better place than this world!  Sweet peace.
If there’s a heaven, there isn’t anyone from the GOP there.
#BanAssaultWeapons 
#FireHannity
#FireMiller
#ImpeachTrump
#EveryTrumpIsAMoronExceptMaybeThatBarronKid
#FBR
#FollowBackResistance
#TrumpColluded
#MuellerTime
#MuellerIndictments
#GunReformNow
#GunControlNow
You and your family being so religious and all. Give it a rest sister.
Lot of  hate here ppl
Billy Graham was nothing but a ConMan just like your husband. His church took in millions of dollars and did nothing for the community it just made Billy Graham and his family rich people will fall for anything. Your husband sure prove that. #AmericansAreStupid
I had the privilege to see him back in the 80s at the NJ Meadowlands. What a honor. Well, he is with Jesus now whom he served as a faithful servant for God.
FLOTUS should stay off twitter. Heaven knows, she doesn't need More abuse.

AMEN My friend!!! 
Jesus is the way the truth and the life.
Amen to that, FLOTUs.
No.
Crocodile tears Melania.....you could care less
Glad to see you know Melania Trump so well! 
And you do....PLEASE
A great man RIP

He's home with Our Lord
We would like to see on November 7, 2018 a National Holiday BIlly Graham day.
Veriga!
Why?  Prosperity gospel?  Anti LGBT?  Anti-Semite?  Nuclear weapons on North Vietnam?  Anti-feminist?  Partisan politician?
There is a time and place for all things. Expressing your hateful views & thoughts is not appropriate on a page honoring one of the most Godly men to ever live. A little respect is appreciated.
Did you read what she said or did you reply to the wrong tweet??
I read her message regarding Reverend Billy Graham. My tweet was to those leaving disrespectful tweeets toward HER family. Not the place or time.
Ok I didn't think you were talking about her I couldn't see the other replays to her.
No problem! I should have made reference to the obnoxious comments from others. 

 oh Yeah Right
Love you!
Only racists will miss a racist.
A very great man of God we will all miss him
What have you done about the bullying problem in the white house?
Well said Melania, oh by the way you my lady are all class, just from where I sit


Thankyou for your service and loving thoughts
He was a pulpit bully. I thought you had an anti bullying campaign you were supposed to be handling.
Amen

Billy Graham was a horrible hateful man. Good riddance.
If Billy Graham said that about homosexuality, then he was exactly right and that is yet one more reason why he was a great man.
Such a scared and hateful UNCHRISTIAN thing to say. Go thump your bible and enjoy Hell.
Well that's not the truth. It is not an unChristian to say that at all. If I were being hateful or unChristian I pretend homosexuality is OK with God. If a person is a true Christian they're going to tell the homosexual that it is a sin that he can be completely set free from.
Lmaooooooooooooooooooooooo
He isn't the only one that has touched a lot of people. Apparently conservatives love that.

As someone who needed to change their direction in life away from porn.
OK, So Billy did some good on earth, And he was the most popular Heretic of the 20th century, so, according to the Bible he used , he missed the mark, where it ultimately matters. Was he truly in Union with God? Doubtful.
True, @realDonaldTrump can't even match a hair on his big toe
PM me if you need your cultures updated. Might be time. Stormy weather and all.....
Please FLOTUS stand by our beloved POTUS.These are terrible times in America, and POTUSneeds you and all of us.We love this POTUS and trust him.Pls dont leave him
I greatly admire Mr Grahams Ministry & I am rejoicing because I know he is in heaven having a blessed blast party with the heavenly hosts
You love money more than anyone else on the planet. It’s obvious, given who you’re married to.  Gross. Fucking gross.
Thank you Melania! His ministries touched our family deeply. He loved God and ppl everywhere.



We loved Billy Graham and what he stood for with Jesus/God.
Good riddance
Yes He Certainly Will be Missed!  RIP America's Pastor!
Can't say the same thing when your husband finally dies! Can't wait!!!
Good riddance to that Christianist.  He was a bigot.
Your parents are going to be deported. Sorry.
Pray for us all. Hubby is destroying America.


#impactful life - get a dictionary please!
Please! Billy Graham was a POS. You obviously have terrible taste in men
God remembers all you have spoken
A very sad day for all
Americans, Billy Graham
was the best of the best
& will be missed dearly
#STORMYDANIELS 
Then pray for change
If you can't something nice, say it twice. 

Geez man, go find some other dark hole to do your trolling in.
We are proud of you and you husband. Please ignore all these devisive hateful comments even when you are posting grief of a least passing. Hold your head high and keep your family strengthened. Praying for all of you
Fake News. Fake FLOTUS

I love how liberals say they don’t want any hate in this world and peace for everyone but the second you don’t agree with them on something they literally spit on you. LMFAO! You are fucking pathetic. Leave Melania alone and try to practice your PEACE instead of go against it.
Praise the Lord for Billy Graham   & his wonderful life with God.
Like you wrote this!  
Careful about that whole, "Touching People" thing...
He will be missed. Faith and spirituality is what our country needs the most right now. Keep your chin up your grace and empathy set an excellent example for women everywhere
Dump your Husband. Get your soul back. You’re so empty and checked out-
How can you NOT be embarrassed after listening to your husbands speech just now? Run Melania run!
Too bad he couldn't reform your husband of his racist, sexist ways.

...wow!!
A must-have for your skin-care regimen, this set of two Hydrating Cleansers by Dr. Denese clean and help to... https://fb.me/11IYTGXNC 
Billy Graham was a life well lived.
RIP.. Billy.. You will be missed..
Yes that really sounds like something Melania would say.  Bwahahahahaha
You don’t know the word “impactful” LOL FLOTUS tweet account is written by someone else. Fake FLOTUS
The key keep beuty is ..
And he was helping her plan her escape. Franklin, are you up to it?
Help please!!! CIA agent called Guapa wants to kill me!!! He wants to kill Anar Khamzina!Help please!!!
He is now in peace with the creator,  and I can feel how happy he must be 
 He died knowing he will meet the Father and the son,  so joyful
Please ask President Trump, what about giving our vets a job. Hiring 1 or 2 per school as security. That would help people feel safe and it would give them jobs they would be proud of. Protecting our future.  I have suggested this before but no response.
So true
A great man
Rest In Peace.
Graham was antisemite and anti gay and a grifter just like you First Ornament
What gracious and sweet remarks for a good man. Thank you Mrs Trump
Stormy wants to have a 3 some with you and Don Jr....
Thank you for saying this.  Your faith in Jesus shows.
Love you First Lady!
Yes he will!
As a retired catwalk (street) girl did Billy influence http://you.to  give your life to Jesus?
Come on she just left the Devils side for a better life lets take that into consideration. She is making moves as a decent woman right now and was never a streetwalker, modeling agents keep track of that and they dont ever see a catwalk if they street walk. Yeah for Melania!!
In the naked lesbo Clam slamming pics,what was she modeling??
Her boobs and snatch.
Melania, keep up the great work!  We are SO PROUD of your husband's courage.  You are sacrificing to Mkw my country great again.  THANK YOU!  WE LOVE YOU!
What exactly is evangelist ? Could you answer it as objectively
Agreed!  So wise and so respected. We need a Billy Graham holiday. Like Martin Luther King Jr. has
Suuuuuuure, sweetie. I've heard @realdonaldtrump is really good at sharing that Christlike love.
And he was a racist, homophobe and anti-semite.
Fits right in with Republicans!
We Need A," Billy Graham Day."  Prayers,for Family,and Friends 
What do these prayers do?
Amen. Billy Graham was a man of God who helped many begin there walk and continue there relationship with Jesus Christ. He carried out his calling for nearly 50 yrs. so very well. He leaves behind an amazing legacy. May he Rest in Peace. My thoughts & prayers go out to his family
Rev. Graham was impactful for only 1reason:  his sermons are simple teachings from the Bible-- God's words . You as well as each of us must decide to follow "spiritual teachers" or  God, whom Rev.Graham  preached about. Making the choice for Jesus will determine our destiny also.
I will drink to that. It is always a sad day when a good person is lost.
Lol 
Maybe you could send his family a nice naked poster of yourself. Everyone else has seen it why not them?
Thank you
Yes he will be missed; he lives! And leaves us with his wonderful family to look towards for guidance and counsel and inspiration
Trump touched a lot of people too.
Sometimes he paid for it others he touched them
Without permission
Yes, you and your husband are such paragons of virtue 
Hey office of @FLOTUS I hear that there are chain migrants hanging around there from Slovenia. Isn’t that against WH policy? Or is that just if they aren’t white?
Counciled a lot of Presidents
