Thank you for caring. We love and appreciate you so much @FLOTUS  #MAGA

This vile picture is NOT what @POTUS is talking about. Davos speech made crystal clear his meaning. America 1st, taking care of our own, lifting up & assisting our countrymen 1st. Just as he expects all other countries to do the same. Exceptionalism not Isolation

All about you, eh? There are many things we can to to assist ourselves, more free stuff to appease those who don’t take responsibility for their actions is not one of them.

One of the many problems associated with blindly following a dictator who is nuttier than a fruit cake
EddyM

hey isnt this the chick whos husband had an affair with a stripper while she was home with their newborn?  @StormyDaniels was her name i think
and we are reminded of this every single day and we pay for it over and over ....again
Ey isa gel mehtiyle gel sag rahman sol rahim gök yüzü Allah toprak adıyla gel
#justsaying
Is that really appropriate when the post is about holocaust remembrance. What a tool.
Sharing this while your husband is having ICE pick up fathers dropping their kids at school...destroying families and leaving kids without a parent....I #askwhy
Actually, I know why; he doesn't know what it's like to be a father to his children, so he doesn't care.
Coucou ma belle, you should #boycott the #SOTU . We all know that an #npd #aspd #bullying man like #Trump probably mistreats you. Now that #StormyDaniels news is out, how much more #humiliation will you bear? I remember how sad you looked on #Inauguration day. It will only get
much worse with this #bullying #Narcissist.
Fine people on both sides of the Holocaust. Just ask your husband.
It was good to have you there !
And not with me because Im probably cheating on you.
Wow. Believe is fake new much

So?? That was then, now is now. sheesh!
http://www.bluedotdaily.com/subpoena-served-ivanka-trump-hit-with-massive-money-laundering-allegations/ …
Trump  2020,
Thank you for your caring and love
Den Weg den wir gingen. Jewish Weiter Klinger
Businessmen, just like Trump, got rich from supporting and helping the Nazis
Are you referring to the National SOCIALIST German Workers Party?
God almighty will never forget anything and will always protect Israel forever and ever till the end of time dear beloved family
Thank you for sharing. You are so right about never allowing this horrible time ever happen again. It is so sad there are the haters out there even today.

Melania - you are such a class act. Thank you from all of us that love you and your husband!
The word is cuckquean.
What a godly blessing to have you as our First Lady. May God keep His loving hands on you and your family
@FoxNews


And we remember that they were unarmed and could not defend themselves. May they Rest In Peace! #2A
#StopKurdHolokaustosInAfrin

Thank you for the video,  will always remember!
God bless you and your family forever

@FLOTUS Your sincerity touches millions! God bless you mame!
@WoodstockSusie, you just earned the prize! Block city!
You need to have a conversation with your husband.
You are an elegant beautiful young woman and our  first lady always  in my heart.
He has definitely done more TO women - but sexual assault is not something to be proud of.
I want to thank all the tweeters for the likes (over 500!) and retweets. To all the nasty comments......most of you have less than 20 followers which tells me you are mostly BOTS and/or losers trying to get your 5 min of fame. Have fun with that! #TheResistance #NotMyPresident
Who cares, loser #tgsnt
Lamentablemente aún los judios actuales no tenemos aún en nuestra  tierra la oportunidad de ser libres Por eso como principe de la tribu de Yosef grito es suficiente!!!
Preach at home first.
What Bridget?
Oh Faye, you heard her loud and clear. Don't pretend like you didn't. ;)
God bless you and yours  ! Thank you for being the most loving, gracious beautiful and classy First Lady EVER  !

Please teach your husband how to act like an adult.
Your husband's base contains the largest group of Americans who vociferously deny the existence of the holocaust. Just  sayin'... Have a nice weekend.
Idiot!

So much more than a photo op! Where is the Holocaust Museum?
U are the best of the best of all the 1st ladies. I am 88 years old and admire you more than I did any other 1st lady!  Go Girl - reneelease
Do you also see your husband dictator acting very much like hitler. This will be your legacy too as you stand proudly beside him and condemn and say nothing
mentally ill since 1983 I drank a bottle of cashew oil found at supper market and it went away, now injections  of cashew oil 3 mg a ml in my muscles, ever two weeks that I want to enlarge,NOW SCULPT LADIES BODIES WITH IT, OR SWEET ALMOND OIL all those mental dead holocaust ours
Thanks for tweeting about the holocaust. Perhaps its a backhanded way to stand up against cyberbullying. 
#PresidentDefianceDisorder base is mostly antiSemitic.
You obviously know nothing about POTUS or his base but your petty stupidity is duly noted.
Most of his supporters on Twitter are white supremacist and anti-Semetic.  
#PresidentDefianceDisorder encourages them with his divisive comments.  He has Made America Racist Again,  like 1950's.
Not a racist molecule in his body. That's what his friends say. All you have is hate, grow up or wise up because he's got much more support than you'll ever admit. You could seek help, but if stupid works for you, I'm glad.
Wow! Looks like a candid shot! You have any of him with Stormy Daniels?
That' all you have. Fine, I'm use to it.  #ReleaseTheMemo #EndDACA #Trump2020

Smith and many others greatly underestimate the American voters. The only reason to not release the memo is it tells the truth about what really happened. #ReleaseTheMemo
Shall we call you Eva Braun from now on?

This is probably a couple hundred times now I have had to retweet and like the first ladies post over and over and over again and the president and anyone in the administration or staff tweets or likes something is undoing everything I like and retweet
Melania, I also no how your heart must have felt to see this memorial. I was stationed in Germany and went to tour the Hitlers underground quarters.  These pour defenseless people did not have a chance and I could feel the sadness all around me the day I did that tour. Blessing!
What a horror story.
We recognize that you slept your way into Our Oval Office. That’s what we recognize mel! How about that chain migration? How’s your sister doing here in the USA. Did she gave to sleep her way in too?
It's people like you, zero class, that define liberals to a tee.
And of course hope that history doesnt repeat itself at the hands of @realDonaldTrump right?

Actual Nazis are marching down American streets and chanting your husband's name.
You got proof of this? Because without that you have zero credibility, indeed just posting what you want to believe.

Aside from wanting to control immigration, what policies has he proposed which aid these racist whack jobs who represent less than 0.1% of the population. Has he proposed gassing 12 million undesirable people?
Your question is intended as a distraction. That has nothing to do with his supporters waving Nazi flags. You don't get to change the subject because you can't prove me wrong. Nazis support Trump. Period.
Communists support left wing political parties, responsible for 100 million deaths, so uk Labour Party are as bad as them? Makes no sense. You could be against every other policy except the legalisation of cannabis and support the party because of that.
Okay, have fun blabbering nonsense cause you can't argue against my statement.
I did. So what. Could you state what the desired intention is, are you of the opinion that trump will slowly but surely turn into a fascist dictator? With a desire to wipe out a specific group? Why do nazis support him when he's moving the embassy to Jerusalem? You're a fool.
Melania, you have the heart of an angel and I am happy to say you are my first Lady in the White House. Yes for years we have not had a lady that does so much and is so much representing us.  You set good examples thank you!

Amen
Um...you forgot to mention the Jews.
#StopAfrinGenocide
#StopKurdHolokaustosInAfrin
@POTUS is transformative leader of historic significance who inspires & gives hope to billions around the World. We’re witnessing:
- end of crippling polical correctness
- ideologies exposed & debated 
- people’s involvement is at all time high
- unprecedented Gov transparency
People’s involvement in #TheResistance2018 is at an all time high.
#UnitedStatesOfAmerica  
 
#Disgusting  #Rumors #AffairWithTrump #NikkiHaley  #PresidentUSA

@nikkihaley
@realDonaldTrump 
@POTUS 
@StateDept 
@USAO_SC 
@WhiteHouse
Well he’s had sex with everyone why be surprised of the rumors?
So I guess he had sex with you too, huh? You did say he had it with everyone.
Thank you.
Greatest First Lady ever she 
She is the best first lady
Yeah! Best ever!
are you gonna teach young barron about his did's hatred of minorities, like african americans, hispanic, cuban, ppl from shithole countries, jews except rich ones and half bro in law jared? Or will he learn hatred & intolerance in the  Devos education system for rich white kids?
What a sad event---should cause Countries all around the World to wipe out the savage and brutal ISIS.

انسانيه بس ياريت مع الجنس البشرى كله
You are a beautiful soul Melania. My hope is that our country will take the time to really know you and what's in your heart. Always stay kind.
Beautiful soul!! Good one!
Ever visit any civil rights museums? Remember the innocent black lives taken by racist whites during the struggle for equality!
Why would she do that? <------- sarcasm. She is married to white racist bigot she is clueless when it comes to History 101.
And where?!


The last time I was in D.C I went there . The Best

Mike Huckabee made a tasteless joke about Ruth Bader Ginsburg — but people shut him down http://ift.tt/2DO8EKV 
The only good thing of Trump
Are you for real?!?!?!?!?! @realDonaldTrump is in the path of becoming a present day Hitler and you have the courage to ask people to remember and to educate themselves?!?!?! Take away your hubby’s phone and then you can sound a bit more credible... #FlotusJoke
Please check African Americans and American indians history
I am 75 and I cry. Just thinking
About how evil some people are..your husband sounds like
Them.  Çarol
Hold your ground. Stay away tomorrow night (union). There's so much dust. DT...you know how he treats you. Your the only one that knows. As my mom would say, stop being a door mat. 
I heard rumors that you moved out of the WH to a luxury hotel in Washington,upset about the Trump-StormyDaniels-relationship scandal.

I hope the rumors are true.

And if so,I hope you not only don't come back to the WH,but also go ahead and file for divorce.

You deserve better!
Beautiful
Racism? Dismantling the press? Isolationism?
#Askwhy because there's a lot of nasty people out there who discriminate against race, religion, sex and gender and when people who don't think before they open their mouths by saying things like "banning Muslims" and retweeting Britain first videos it validates their hatred.
Did the President get my message regarding the amicus brief apologize but over been bullied unmercifully.
Yes the Holocaust is devastating, thus it appears you care about humanity. So why aren't you speaking to the lives of Americans,dreamers, imports like YOURSELF,.what money education self support did you have when you came here
But you would send innocent refugees and dreamers to their deaths with out a thought. You are all liars.

#ccot #QAnon #Christians 
Get this out at 6pm today we are all going to pray for Protection of @POTUS and our entire nation for SAFETY! I will post the Lord's Prayer@6pm central! RT RT  tonight! Please RT THIS LIKE…

Just wondering: Has anyone blamed Melania for Donald's philandering the way they blamed Hillary for Bill's, or attacked Melania for staying with Donald the way they did Hillary?
God bless our 
FLOTUS
https://www.aliexpress.com/store/3375030?spm=5261.seller_index.0.0.6eb1161fyQLFbP …
This is a class person
It's a #Hoax. Just like your marriage.
Missing seeing your beautiful face, you are our First Lady

How does it feel to have a husband cheat on you with a prostitute one week after you have birth?
My Flotus!!! MAGA!!!
It’s tragic how Democrats suppress history with #FakeNews & Reveal their ignorance at all these anti-Trump rallies. I saw #LiberalHypocrisy fully on display Styrofoam latte cups littering the streets after they left. They’re just slobbish Liberal snobs!
Melania, Keep up your thoughtful tweets and especially on the holocaust. It should never be forgotten and kept in  our schools History books. God Bless you. Keep the Faith.
Thankyou FLOTUS for your caring of others
Sooooo, who's your divorce lawyer?
Thank you, we will never forget!
May the Lord God watch over Israel & her people. May he rule and reign one day and judge the evil who destroy her people.

today you do the same thing in the Muslims, I think you are retaliating       ;
#GermanDeathCamps
Om*** Shanti*** Shanti*** Shanti
DOING A GREAT JOB... I AM  NOT SOME CRAZY.. BACKGROUND IN NUCLEAR MEDICINE 
NEED A PETITION ONLINE TO REVOKE CNN FCC LIC.. LOOK INTO MULUELLER  BACKGROUND WHEN HE WAS IN BOSTON VERY DIRTY..WE WANT HILLIARY AND DUMBAMA IN JAIL THEIR DIRTY GOD BLESS

Thank you for visiting the Holocaust museum. Also visit the African American History and National Museum of American Indian. We are all, all of us children of the same creator. Love, compassion, truth. That's what evolves our beautiful planet into a better place for us all.
Thank you.
Meanwhile......
And
Nnnmujm@unjn
You’ve done nothing about your bullying issue. As I see it, you’re responsible for every school shooting death until you act and fulfill your promises and duties as FLOTUS.
If this is true then you can not sit silently by and watch @potus and the @gop continue to steel page after page from Hitlers playbook that finally led up to the Holocaust. Children learning of NAZI Germany can see it clear as day so why not Adults?!?
You should take your child and husband.
I pray for you.
And yet you are married to a wannabe dictator. Great job on your judgement call*. 

*being completely sarcastic

The Holocaust was unbearably shameful. Humanity can sink frightfully low. Planned Parenthood has killed 10 times more lives than the Holocaust. Someday I hope we can visit their offices as Memorials, & cry over the disgraceful inhumanity of them.
Oh dear #FWOTUS you look so out of place. I am sure you wanted to be at the #AVN2018 Porn Awards. After all, that is more your natural atmosphere.
True
She DOES look like Ivanka! Go figure.
Too bad your husband does not recognize you http://people.com/politics/melania-trump-escaped-mar-a-lago-spa-stormy-daniels/ … your spat cost us $64,000
Women are looking to you to stand up to errant Donald. Leave him, tell your story, and millions will buy your book.

then why do you support The alt-right Nazi regime and the KKK?
Dear 1st Lady, the Jewish Holocaust on German soil was so very large,  and so very  tragic. But even more tragic is the current, ongoing  holocaust on U.S. soil.

whats your feelings on stormy daniels?
#StopAfrinGenocide
Finally, a statement from the Trump WH worthy of its position.
This was sad times
Melania is treated like a POS by @POTUS. So VERY VERY Sad.
Sorry
Please @FLOTUS as we remember the horrific Holocaust PLEASE PLEASE help us END the #AmericanHolocaust of abortion! #forthesakeoftheinnocent                 #THEYFEELPAIN

ICYMI: "There is no difference in the hatred of Jews felt by a Muslim, a far-right neo-fascist, or a far-left pro-Palestinian 'anti-Zionist,'" writes @davidpgoldman. http://bit.ly/2Fpfnei  #HolocaustRemembranceDay
#WeRemember the #Holodomor, the #USSLiberty, the #HaavaraAgreement, the #RussianRevolution. #AskWhy History's greatest genocide is happening in Europe RIGHT NOW, if you're going to get political, it'd be nice if you'd acknowledge that.
#GermanDeathCamps
You do a good job as #FLOTUS ...
Oh please lady
Never happened the way they are trying people to believe happened. As always been said the winner of the war writes the history
Remeber this to your husband !!
And what of those that were offended by This? Oh, that's right, nobody is trying to erase this part of history. Why not?
Remember the pink Triangle too!!! Pence’s Legislation against gays reads as if it was part  Nuremberg laws
Thank you for speaking up!

Thank you first Lady for being so awesome!! #TankyouMelania
#HolocaustMemorialDay Most of us understand "why". That's why we need to stop #hatred & #racism now. Our children will learn to stop hatred through our  actions. #LoveWins #compassion #HumanRightsAreEqualRights #LGBTQ #NoBanNoWall #BLM #SaveDACA
P R O S T I T U T E
Dumbbutt
Thank you Melania (FLOTUS) for being such a wonderful representative of our country.  God bless you and the families of those who were affected by the Holocaust

Your husband wants to eliminate healthcare for millions of poor in USA- pathetic - stop talking - youre disgusting
WHY? If you had an education, you would know.
and do not forget to "educate" our muslim citizens and childs to respect Jewish people as well. #POTUS #FLOTUS

I’ll tell you why. It was a systematic control of public opinion, an obsession with racial purity and national pride. He gave them someone to hate and blame. Now look in the mirror and reflect.
Bam! Right on the money!

Thank You Melania.
Evil. The left in the US wants to take us the way of Germany under Hitler. How soon we forget. Thank you for reminding us once again.
The question of WHY is #answered clearly from the Word of God. The Statist nature which stems from fallen mankind's is to #OPPRESS. We break God's Law not only in hating God but in hating our neighbor as ourselves and the Statist grossly manifests this as a #LIAR_THIEF_n_MURDERER
We witnessed the rise of Statism in the last Admin which some referred to as a #REGIME. Legal immigrants heard the voice of O and feared,  having thought they had escaped such #DEMAGOGUERY. Defeated at the polls we now see Statism oppressing our @POTUS via leftist media #LIARS
America's state of #rot lies not only in Progressive's entering political office, the public school and all forms of media but also into the Church. As the Light wanes darkness encroaches. As righteous men fade from the public arena #wicked men replace them readily. #Pray
We see Statism having risen in America in the legalized & systematic #MURDERING of its own children. Everyday on average we butcher 4000 babies for the love of Money&Power. We've murdered over 60 MILLION people, our youngest citizens. We must #REPENT from this ongoing nightmare.
Melania you have made me burst with JOY as my First Lady.
Great to see such a classy First Lady with deep respect
Could you please update us on your progress of combatting cyber bullying as you promised.
So when's the divorce?
This might be meaningful ... if you weren't married to a racist.
Where are you?
Esse museu fica em Jerusalém?

Ask why I ask why do the Jews always mention the Six Million that got killed but not the other 6 million r they are the chosen people or no
Your husband is a Nazi supporter! There, I said it!
@FLOTUS should have attended with @POTUS.  I guess this was not important enough for the president.  Or the Mrs. is still angry about the Stormy story!
Your husband is a RACIST
Shut up and put some clothes on.  By the way, I guess you dropped your anti bullying Champaign when you realized you couldn’t stop your low life husband from bullying nations and individuals.
