Real Americans support Melania and our President!
How right you are! Love  this couple!
@FLOTUS  is why people care
#GREAT, CLASSY WOMAN
Classy?

OMG I have never seen this picture my husband will love it he says Mrs Obama was a man and still is!!!
Thing is no-one actually believes that, but even if it were true - so what? Michelle is classy and intelligent. Melania is a mail-order soft porn model.
How about that anti-bullying campaign?
Oh you mean the one Obama started ... NOT.
Melissa, Hillary lost. Now go resist with your crayons & coloring book.
Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary

Do you all have any original thoughts?Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama Hillary Obama
That word NOW is Trump  
And while it's becoming a parent that there are a lot of families that sit around and lie to each other at the dinner table EX: @PressSec must be a doozy at her house. I worry about her and leashing her children on the world to be honest
But most American families raise their children to not lie. @KellyannePolls is another terrifying thought about the values she is teaching her children. I worry about our country becoming a country of liars
Why, because your candidate lost the election so now everyone is a liar & terrifying. Put up a candidate next time that doesn't criticize white people & believes in America, instead of silly excuses for losing.  Oh wait, it was a "vast" right-wing conspiracy.
Poor white people.... who's the poor baby now? LMFAO
The world is changing with or without you. The Earth is browning and there's nothing you can do about it. You better get on board or get left behind. LMFAO poor baby


Yeah there’s a man in there.
Yeah ok...  
I've lost a friend,I called a sister for over 30yrs, to pain meds/OD w/opioids!Her Meridian, Mississippi pain Mgmt Dr. KNEW she had an addiction & even dropped her as a patient.She begged & he took her back as a patient!Less than 2yrs later,she died! DRs NEED TO HELD RESPONSIBLE!
& frm what I know, that pain Mgmt Dr @ that Hospital, has had more than my dear friend, that died by opioid OD. That Dr knows he has patients (still) who have been reported to his offices, who are over taking pain meds & buying pain meds on the street! YET He's STILL A DR there!!
Jeff Sessions. Is wasting tax dollars.    On Canabis. War.     He should be concentrating more on the.  Laced opiates coming in     Canabis is helping.  N maybe the answer to resolveing. Part of this opiate problem as you call it ! Let the studies continue.
thought you had run away when @realDonaldTrump couldn't find you.  Maybe next time you will be luckier  #runaway
If this were you. - suffering constantly.  - wouldn’t you ask for something to help relieve the pain !  So many recent stories of suicide n ppl turning to the streets because they can no longer receive. Treatment.  This is sad.   You would punish.  The sick over a few abusers
Thank you, Melania @FLOTUS and @POTUS .
Run, girl, run!!!

Lmao  
You’re a chick @MikePenceTho 
You just popped to mind had to look you up. What up girl, hope all is well. 
lol what up my dude? haven't been on twitter much these days, just been doing a lot of crochet & knitting

is the mueller investigation over yet? are you tired of all the steve wynning?

after a year plus of this crap it's pretty safe to say this is the dumbest cabinet in history
No comment back? All I have to say is “you are what you eat”
You’re blinded by your hate.
dang, man, that's no way to treat an old twitter friend, why you so mad?
Not mad. Just being honest with an old friend. God Bless 
Thank you our @FLOTUS and @POTUS for stepping out and putting the message forward. 
Let’s all work together and make our America a better place!!! 

That Hogg Kid Was A Crisis Actor / All so Conveiniatly His Father is A Fed ! ....
Hmm 
Ah, what the hell....this is the portion on Trump's drug use from the Newsweek story that set off a war. Matt Mcallaster, soon fired under sex discrimination cloud, said he was 2 frightened to publish despite push by every other editor. I've left Newsweek. https://www.scribd.com/document/372716093/According-to-Medical-Records-Obtained-by-Newsweek …
Your compassion is beautiful! Thank you for being such a lovely First Lady, you make us proud eveytime. 
No one is proud of this phony mail order bride who’s an ex porn model. She’s an embarrassment. #HOETUS

Thank you for being proactive in getting the word out. Maybe some young life will be saved.
Why so much hate? A msg was left to thank a grieving mother. Have any of you lost a child? I have & the pain never leaves.  Why can't we thank her for trying to help others & ask for the WH to get more rehabs available instead of talking trash?

Stop blaming the opiates. It's not a drug problem! It's a people problem! ;)
BEAUTIFUL 
Turning them away.  Is  sending to their death by acquiring. Drugs from the streets.    Resolve.  Is. Going to difficult.  Chronic pain.  Is.  Hard enough. To deal with.    Being confined to. Bed due to.  Pain that is overwhelming.!
Thank YOU @FLOTUS! You and @POTUS make We the People very proud!
Yes she does!!
Well the proof is in the doing. Your Huckster husband should not be taken at his word. Sheesh I don’t need to tell you that. You’ve had a marriage filled with bullshit and deception.
What a great first lady you are we just love you!

This is something very important, necessary and unfortunately, as with so many parents, close to my heart. 
Don’t pass judgement on. The people until you have suffered.  As they have.     ADDICTS.   -yes I agree. I divorced. Because my x was an addict.  N it.  Horrible.  But seems. They have more sympathy then the people who actually are sick.    Why is this. ?
Karen get over it!!

What is disturbing is that if Melania were married to a democratic or ANY other candidate running for president, this would have disqualified or nearly disqualified that candidate. The bar has been set now & going forward, conservatives: Don't even try to act shocked by anything.
Those family values we keep hearing so much about.
Great job as FLOTUS! Keep up the good work. 
She can’t even control the bullying she is subjected to herself, and I’m pretty sure it’s her ass he sniffs the coke off of.
How about sharing your story, Toots?  Think anyone would believe it?
Would we believe you any better??
I didn’t get into this country on an Einstein visa. Everyone who’s ever met me would believe that.
I don’t know one way or the other and don’t care. My point is you were not there were you? Everything that is being said could be right or God forbid it could be wrong and neither you nor I know that for sure!! It doesn’t cost anything to be nice.
"We" work to stop the epidemic... LOL!!! 
Yes "we" cannot stop this without help. This tragedy can hit at all levels of life.
Thanks for sacrificing your time and energy to help @FLOTUS
How can anyone not like this wonderful First Lady. She is one of the best we have ever had. God bless this family and I hope they can remedy this.
Well this was clearly plagiarized, as we all know she doesn't speak this well. But good for her for faking it to make it
Ive been tweeting you for months.. 22 vets a day are dying from your war on opioids.Heart attacks,suicides..we're in pain! we're not addicts
Thank You, we love you and pray for you and Pres Trump
Well said Michelle.
Still waiting on an answer for your receiving a VISA.
The "Einstein visa" is normally reserved for Nobel Prize winners and other people with supreme credentials. Melania Knauss got that visa in 2001, a year that only 0.3% of immigrants received it. http://wapo.st/2HTCEHn?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.f93f11422d43 …
@FLOTUS PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Many individuals need opioids to SURVIVE PALLIATIVE CHRONIC PAIN and cannot get LEGITIMATE PRESCRIPTIONS due to many factors, scared intimidated doctors, many regulations, ridiculous pharmacy  rules. Please Help!!! It is INHUMANE patients are suicidal
Agreed! Please don’t allow a “knee-jerk response” to the crisis and block everything. Cancer survivors need their drugs for any kind of quality of life.
I have much to say.   But will leave this for you to.  Really think. About the truth.      Yes some die from prescriptions but this is because they need monitoring.    They forget. When they took the. Last. Dose n over take.  Their medication.     Not the Dr fault.
How did you get your work visa? Can you describe the exact actions?
Really?? What’s your line of work??

you are so phony, and uncaring...just PLEASE:S
I think that every day
I am devastated, being a disabled retired RN, of anyone abusing opiods. I am a patient though. Not a criminal. And some of the laws that are being passed are punished those of us that will never know a day without hideous pain, yet are now under medicated. What about our lives?
Jeff Sessions concern is needed. On. Opiates being brought in. To USA. That are killing people.      It’s not our Doctors.
A Doctor. Who prescribed these medications. - try’s all options before.  Hand !   This is causing. Fear in to help patients.     You don’t hear about suicides  caused from. Lack of being able to get the medication!   Most ppl. Out there are just wanting relief n quality of life
My daughter asked me that, her whole LIFE from insecurity. I ALWAYS told her no. She is as beautiful as FLOTUS.
Opiate epidemic. Is not coming from the medical. Professionals -   It’s coming from the streets !  By. Cracking down on the Doctors who give treatment to chronically ill.  It’s causing more death from seeking street drugs  loosen the noose n let them do there job
Even though I was a single mom, luckily I was a home health provider so I was able to have my son with me until he started school.  I never left him with babysitters ever because I wanted to be his influence, not some stranger.  I'm so proud to have a Flotus who feels the same.
I love you but no one is addressing why cancer patients, hospice, severely ill, and chronically debilitating pain patients are suffering because of addicts and junkies. It is almost impossible to have any quality of life when you are very very ill.

Thank you for being a gracious and caring First Lady 

I can’t even imagine what meds she has to be on to stay in that marriage.
Your envy is really showing.
envy of what?
Class. Look it up.
Which naked pic of the first “lady” do u find especially “classy”?  She fckd herself into citizenship.  She barely speaks English.  And her marriage is a sham.  Just because you think she’s fckable doesn’t mean she’s “classy”.  Lay off the porn dude.
Wow them claws are sharp as a razor. By the way, you do look 50.  Jealousy is bad for you, it causes wrinkles
You’re going to have to try harder.  You look like a dog.
Please Mrs. Trump can you please help our family??? Our son is a 22 year old drug addict who has been in jail for 10 months in Galveston county . His name is Slade Windsor. He has been denied 3 times for drug court but he meets criteria! Slade needs help not prison!! Please help!
Ummm you're conservative POTUS is pushing the opioid "crisis".
Not your country, "Einstein" #THOTUS #TrophyWife #WorstLady #MailOrder #MrsTwitler
You're a bully. Have some respect.
No
Why do you have compassion for Eli Lilly made drug addicts, but not the crack, cocaine, or heroin addicts?  Why does your AG want to jail medical marijuana users and distributors?  Why is there no Universal Healthcare to help them ALL? You're ridiculous.
Oh my another cry baby liberal. Universal health care... your an idiot!! Health care is not a right you dipstick. The ag isn’t going after medical pot.. do some research. Your simply stupid..  by the way who pays for your health care??
That would be YOU’RE, dear. How is it deplorables are so language challenged? Healthcare is only NOT a right in shitholes.
I didn't even get to see what it wrote.
And yet your husband won’t allocate the necessary money to fight this horrible epidemic
The President and First Lady are doing a hell of a lot more than anyone before them!  You're just a transparent angry Hillary supporter.  Grow up.
Name one thing he is doing other than spew inane comments vocally amd on twitter. Asking for a friend
Trumpeter: "IF YOU HATE TRUMP, YOU HATE AMERICA"

Also Trumpeter, circa 2010: "Obama is a Muslim Spynazi"
I’m sure you send Billy your thoughts and prayers. Quite rude of #DonTheCon to call his friend up and put him on the spot to speak about his son who passed away… But that’s just like him.... always thinking about himself and no one else. #TrumpCrimeFamily #FreeBarron
Besides opioids how is the anti-bullying campaign coming? I am sure Barron is not bullied in school. However, I’m not convinced that his dad doesn’t bully him. Although to bully somebody you have to pay attention to them which I don’t think he does. He liked the lawnmowing kid.
#Complicit #Enabler #Plagiarist #StormyDaniels #130K #TakeYourSonAndRun
You really are not a nice person. Unless you have personally been to the White House and witnessed the President’s parenting skills you don’t know much v
You make us proud @FLOTUS ...your interest in important issues means a great deal t us,THANK YOU
Love these pictures.
Hers is a genuine smile when she's w other ppl like in these pics. Michelle nvr had it in her

Furthermore, it would be nice to hear Melania’s comments on her husband’s tweets. Does this woman even have an opinion or does Donald OWN her opinions as well.  It really looks like Ivanka is her voice. Speak out Melania!  You’re in there somewhere aren’t you?
Jim, you are really on the wrong track. Talk about no mind of your own, Bud.
C U N Tuesday!
Jim, your just a NASTY.  Good Luck with all that hate your carrying around.
Not hate he just want justice. In order for evil to exist good people must stand by and do nothing. When he destroys this country that’s when we all of us will finally stand together. I have no regrets in sounding the alarm while waiting for the bubble to bursts.
That will never happen also, Republicans are the good guys in this. and the libs are the haters. You are a little ambiguous

Start with trump family
Most of these shooters were on prescription drugs! Draw the example for our country please. Thank you!
Please women give me a break; Melania ‘s reply would be “ go out there and show your naked Pu$$y’s to the world and you will go far; gotta find a guy with muuuuch moooney
Sounds to me like you’re jealous, you seem to like to talk about it a lot

You look so happy in this picture , but you never smile anymore.
Mrs. Trump- you are a fantastic First Lady! We are pulling for you!
You must love her pu$$y 
Meanwhile hubby is off screwing porn stars.
Another hater. The First Lady is trying to save lives and you are trying to make @POTUS the same as @BillClinton. Find a venue where that’s appropriate.
@FLOTUS you are an inspiration to all of us who care about the way drugs are destroying our great nation.
Addictions are often derived of inner lack of joy. There is a rise in teen depression. Why? R U raising our children to be peaceful, loving, confident independent beings. Or, is their self worth measured by material possessions? What makes u happy? Children?
I don't know you buy you smile broadly with children. There are many countries who suffer economically that have a joy we may never experience. I am watching Gandhi. A MAN WHO changed history, had nothing, but peace in his heart. Please..think about what it.
Drug abuse ruins lives. So sad.
Love you, MelaniaSO happy you are America’s First LadyThanking God for you
Ban assault weapons
#FakePresident:"...Tomorrow I will stop taking my pill...":
 #UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com  
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 

Yes, God is good; and His Mercy is forever.
Good day first lady...How is your health & family?
Give me a call Mrs. Trump! We can discuss the non treatment on Long Island. Had to send my child across the country for help. Even with private insurance. HELP!
The Fluzy is on her way! Haha
Very good....Also, please advise the President and AG Jeff Sessions to focus on THIS and end the bogus demonization of pot and CBD which has been proven to help fight certain types of cancer....Time to educate those in charge of this reality. Thank you.
Well written and agreed.
I love seeing you involved with our country's issues. You've come a long way as the First Lady. Thank you, Melania

Just more Trump BS
I am so confident that Kellyanne will solve the opioid problem.   Just like jarred brought peace to the Middle East.  Your husband built the wall on his  first day in office, with Mexican money.  You have stoped bullying.
A cause close to my 
Thank you @FLOTUS and @POTUS for @WhiteHouse Opioid Summit and all you both do...
OMG
MelaniaTrump please Said to Trump why he killing the children in Iraq,Syria,yaman,
Maybe if they would let women drive and make up there own mine they could get out of town....
Another great photo opt
EXCELLENT !
MADAME FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP  THANK BOTH OF
YOU FOR ALL THE GREAT !!!
WELL DONE !
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN !
im virey misssssu

It is clear you don't petsonally write these tweets....
Hi Melania Trump
Pretty obvious that someone else is writing your tweets.  Could you get them to do that for your husband as well?
God Bless our @FLOTUS for helping Betty Henderson!
Thank you for helping to end the opioid crisis.
Tell our fake president to resign
3 people died in Fontana CA tonight it was some kind of opioid patch, why they did it to themselves I don't know.
What have you done, exactly?

#StopBeingSilentSaveAfrin
#كفى_صمت_اغيثوا_عفرين
#StopBeingsilenSaveAfrin

The best way to battle it is to lock Big Corp who produce the drugs like Purdue. Oh wait —- your husband and you are a Corp...
How many Oxys does it take you to sleep next to your husband?
They have had separate bedrooms for years.
Finest first lady ever. Will go down in history as #1 first lady.MAGA
what about the grief your husband is causing?
Never saw Melania happier!  #TriggerTrumpIn4Words
Glad that America deside we still on think 
Melania,
Why did Don's lawyer pay Stormy $130k & Karen $150k in return for a confidentiality agreement regarding his alleged sexual antics? 
Did these sums come out of the monthly housekeeping money ?

Pence the Pius needs to know before his sermon next Sunday. He hates sinners.
Amazing job. Comfortable in your own skin. I love it
When you appear in public, could you not wear skin tight stripper clothes?  It’s classless.
#Kentuckylegalizesrape 
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
I would have been crying  
So sad to hear about all the over doses. Chronic Pain and mental illness is a tough problem. Hope awareness can at least curb this.
We do not need big pharma execs in charge of HHS. Fox watching henhouse
The Bill Of Rights gives us all the right to life so where is that really practiced in our health http://care---nope.How  about long term for our kids.The environment isn't protected so no clean air or water we die.What about liberty well Patriot Act did away with that.Happiness?
MELANIA THE ONLY EPIDEMIC THAT HAS TAKEN OVER OUR COUNTRY IS YOUR CRAZY HUSBAND! ARE YOU SURE TRUMP IS NOT ON DRUGS, HE LOOKS LIKE IT????
Florida shooting survivor: 'Trump needs to listen to the screams of the children'
Somebody needs to show an all out ban will kill people That were not addicted to anything but life.Given up food was hard enough but giving up life just to feed a false epidemic scare us really sick.If big Pharma or Dr's did this than let them pay for it not the people they kill.
Really? Get over it ... she is America's FLOTUS !
lol have you no shame illegal alien with chain migration family
You took away the med's Chronic Pain patients need to survive daily. You reclassified drugs as Opiates that are not Opiates & brought Suffering on These Forgotten Americans. Do some Research before destroying lives. They're Not Addicts but Suffer from what You have done
زیباترین
Nine times out of ten those are not her words,just saying...... nothing against her but she is lazy and don't do very much, for to be FLOTUS...every now then she do something ,but nothing she said she would do,like the Bully campaign she ran on...but they doing whatever they want
Don't penalize the people who really need pain medication.  Don't make it like the antibiotics fiasco!
Thank you for all you do, Melania!!
You are a wonderful First Lady!
Did u know medical marijuana can replace pills / opioids. It is a fact. My face, head and neck were broken bad from an attack on my life and I was on pills for over 3 years. I cut down on Vicodin and now only use it from time to time when really needed. I can quit Tomorrow Lb

You are the best First Lady ever!
FLOTUS IS A SWEET LOVING LADY THAT REALLY CARES ABOUT THE AMERICAN PPL....GOD BLESS HER....
How about let us keep our healthcare and behavioral health parity?  Can anyone but you rich aholes think that's gonna do anything but blow a meteor size hole in the opioid epidemic???
Was it worth the money to marry trump? I guess it helps that he prefers to sleep with other women.
YOUR HUSBAND CHEATED ON YOU WITH A PORN STAR
And thank you for caring more about people than @realDonaldTrump . Melania rocks!
What in gods name makes you thing that Melanie cares?? Because someone (obviously) types a blurb that she prob never sees? Wake up, already!
Ah, ain't you a funny girl. Wake up, already! Never heard that one before. Now go outside and play. 
another day...STILL HATE YOU!!!
Stop the murders of our children by Assault Weapons meant only for the military
I Am a victim of abuse. My left breast was bruised and I have not yet receive justice. My mother was kidnapped and it has been 4years She is not allowed to see nor talk to me. Hope someone can help. It s hard to endure.
Many of us are, please don’t feel alone even though our experience has been no one cares if your not affluent, gotta find them yourself!!
We need to get more serious on this opioid addiction treatment and education as this is killing more Americans then gun violence Thank You
Oh please. What a farce.
#jonathanledbetter

Big pharma are straight up criminals.
You might want to take opiods....Stormy Daniels slept with your hubby....
Stop playing the hero when you are helping to cause millions of good citizens to suffer because doctors are afraid to give them their prescription pain medication. All you are doing is causing a lot of those good people to turn to heroin, fentanyl, or suicide. Congratulations.
So glad that the true professionals are in charge of this important project...
Chronic pain patients need the few pills they get, dont sell them. Patients are doing suicide becuz of untreated or undertreated pain! Drs wont rx for fear. 100million suffering.
Nice to see @FLOTUS and some of her activities. 
A FIRST LADY, with Heart  !
Hello hello lesbian
Take care of your husband go Tom gold don't let them take our guns they take our guns and take our freedom they know that that's why they want them
You serious? You're from Canada!!!! Take the effin guns. "Take care of your husband"!?!! Lol...make sure he has a condom or two on Melania!

Trump accuser named in nondisclosure agreement as having info about alleged Trump-Stormy Daniels affair http://hill.cm/CwVPbqB  
Hard to have any contempt for Melania. She seems nice. Well, she did marry a billionaire dic. But that don't make her a bad kid.
God bless you
Stefano is either a moron or a Russian boy- ignore it
Indiana residents killed by Syrian refugees Ever:
•0
Indiana residents killed by guns every year:
•862

Attempts to ban Refugees:
•1
Improved Gun laws:
•0

Banning refugees isn’t about Indiana’s security—it’s about open bigotry.

The In-Laws and the President | Christopher Brauchli https://goo.gl/AyGFHk 
Thank you for making time to be personable !
My husband lost his life at 21 from an opiate overdose.. I just wish the doctors didn't give someone 20 years opiate pain meds..they don't need it ,most times..but I hate the whole population has to be punished.
You gamed the immigration system and need to be deported. Good bye.
You are awesome, don’t believe all the evil that democrats spread..

And what were Melanie’s “special abilities” for her green card.... hmmm
You are amazing keep it up
Thank you Melania. CBD is the answer to opioid addiction. There is hope. Please investigate.
Melanie Trump, Thank you for the Beautiful  part you are sharing with our Nation... You are a Blessing for our Nation...
Did Stormi attend?
