Well done
Damn Melania!!!  Take your coat off, stay for awhile!!!
We do love our first lady! God bless these children.
Thank you for going 
Have you MET your husband? Do you have a fucking CLUE about anything except your wardrobe???

Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Trump's proposed budget would cripple the NIH and FDA
Trump’s Clueless Abdication of Presidential Responsibility | The New Yorker
She is an amazing First Lady!
I do wonder if there's a brain between those ears or R U just a "Trophy Wife" like Randy Don the Lying Con says? Faithful (unlike him) or just stupid?
U R still with him despite the affairs & it seems there R lots. Any idea how many yet?
Maybe U just like being treated like sh1t?
Très coule.
Coule?
Explique si vous plait.
Thank you for all that you do. You are truly amazing!
Only first question you could ask ?
You are as bad as your Husband @realDonaldTrump  all show and look at what I did. SAD
We Love our  First Lady 

She has class, style and grace 

These things that you can't buy..!
Thank you Joe.

It comes naturally, honestly.
The only thing we did buy was the election.
Your impersonating the First Lady badly 
Don't you have a life? 
Wonder how your use of her pic is legal? 
And the legality of your statement is fraud. 
@SecretService
Sad really sad
Baaahaa did you actually tag the secret service over a dumb tweet!?
Are you actually using Alicia Silverstone pic as your own 
My family knows her she wouldn't approve
Sorry I'm not into helicopters
Good for you..
At least I have a connection to it., I bet you don't know Alicia Silverstone.
You’re the best, Melanie.
Damian,Thank you for supporting our First Lady.God Bless You & Your Family.
Love you Melania!
Melania always looks so truly happy when she is working with the children.

Thank you FLOTUS
You're welcome.
Lol
Tricked me for a second!
Me too lol
You know what would also help children? If they weren't killed in #SchoolShootings  Time to renounce the @NRA  and its #NRABloodMoney so we can have #GunReformNow
You are completely in your element at events like this!  Thanks for bringing this to our attention.  Makes me admire their bravery, and I appreciate even more what I have and at times take for granted.
It is like a queen. I want you to come back to Japan.
What about the dying children from mass shootings?
hater
Hater of… ?
Making magical memories in an otherwise tough time. Kudos. 
Cynicism is not a great trait....but I'm thinking photo op!
Time for you to stand up for yourself and divorce donny.
The baby with the beautiful hair was just amazing. How fun for the kids.
Sra:Melani su belleza es como tzipora bat  Itro siempre abnegada y amorosa
God Bless you and your family always @FLOTUS! So PROUD to have you all representing and leading our country! #TRUMP2020 #MAGA
There is no god.  But if there is a god, he won't be blessing the Trump family any time soon.
I pray for you. YES there is a GOD. Go ahead and talk about God like that and deny him. One day you'll stand before him.
You are so deluded.  Of course, you'd need to be deluded and credulous to support Trump.  Enjoy your imaginary friend in the sky and your corrupt p-grabbing president.
I'm deluded beause I believe in God...Your the one I feel sorry for. All your doing is running your mouth to hear yourself talk.
Feel sorry for me all you want.  But I'm not the one who spends day and night sucking on Trump's giant orange anus.
I don't spend my days and nights sucking on anything. Seems like that's you with Dumbamas or Killary.
You strap on the knee pads and suck away at Trump-Dumpty's bunghole.  Then you use that very same mouth to pray to Baby Jesus.  Then you go back to sucking on Trumpty's bunghole.  My guess is that you suck on that thing pretty much every moment that he's not busy plowing Stormy.
Thank you!
Good job done
Meravigliosa First Lady Melania Trump Thank You
Please leave your cheating husband
You are WEAK!
I do something for the children of Syria
#DonaldTrump would change his opinion if his grandkids went to school, without tax payer paid Secret Service protection, and there was a shooting and students were murdered. #AssaultWeaponsBan 
give me a break. Lib
Are you planning a divorce?

You're person with good heart 
Good hearts without action aren't really that good.
Troll.
Sorry I don't listen to those who advocate treason and the overthrow of the federal government. Your social media posts from pre-2017 do just that...
Te amo
A smile or embrace from your heart will make it energy that will remain for them and their families and staff forever.

Will reflective  faith of Trump  work
She is wonderful with children!
How do people make negative and rude comments over something so nice? Thank First Lady for visiting these precious children. Beautiful 
It’s important to note that the President’s budget proposal cuts funding to @NIH (among other health and social programs). It’s nice that she visited these kids, but we can also think of other kids who might be hurt by Trump's decisions.
How about all of the kids hurt for the past 8 years.I could tell you about some.Try giving just a little bit of credit to our President & First Lady.God Bless You & Your Family.
.
Hay
Photo op. Nothing more.

ohyco.  God Bless FLOTUS
美国第一夫人好有爱心！
This is dreams come true
Thanks for sharing those moments of love to others.
Glad your illegal parents finally got their green cards!! Congrats!!
Dave. U r evil  what a sick thing 2 say.A tue lib
I love children pass my regard to them
Best First Lady And leader ever
#FLOTUS #MAGA America So Fortunate to Have Such a Beautiful Caring Lovely First Lady Melania Trump-God Bless Her Always and Thank You First Lady Melania For All You Do For the Children of America.
Carry on mam...
Thank You For Supporting Our First Lady.God Bless You & Your Family.


I'd rather be grabbed by the P, than have one in the WH.
I doubt anyone has grabbed, or wanted to grab, your P in quite some time.
As if you'd have an inkling of knowledge into that, Toodles Just another baseless, uniformed, ignorant libturd claim. #LibsAreMeanGirls
Last week?
Tweeting now?
Must've been impressed!
Important services like these need more enthusiastic recognition!
Disappointing 
Be nice or be quiet !! You are not even an American citizen if what you say about yourself is correct
You don't need to be a US citizen to be impressed by services like @NIH and @TheChildrensInn  The world needs more like them. They should be enthusiastically acknowledged for all that they do.
I have no problem with how you express your feelings regarding these organizations - in that you are correct but please don’t slam the First Lady of the United States. With that I have a problem
Do as you would be done by

For goodness sakes it's not a gun grab we're asking for some common sense gun laws for instance so an 18 year old kid can't walk in and five minutes later walk out with an AR-15 especially mentally child at 18 years old with a couple hundred dollars to buy a assault rifle
Very sweet! Thank you for your service!! @FLOTUS
It's almost as sweet as when Melania took a porking from Donnie while Donnie was still married to his second wife.  She's so saintly!
FUN FACT:
On August 9, 2016 Donald Trump said that Melania Trump would hold a news conference over the next few weeks to address her immigration.
I'm sure it will be very soon.
You are about as fun as a ingrown toenail.
Oh hello random upset guy.

If seeing words and images that mentions Dear Leader's behavior hurts your delicate sensibilities and makes you blather miscellaneous unrelated nonsense, perhaps Twitter is not for you, or civilization, or even existence. 
#Cult45
Wow, I thought you were talking about Barack Obama and his cult there for a second... hm, wonder how I could have mixed that up. 
I remember Barack Obama.
I hate Barack Obama.
Glad you agree cult worshiping elitist lifetime liberals is bad.
Alright, we're in agreement then ;)
Incorrect.
Unlike you I don't vote for liberals.
Thank YOU @FLOTUS, for going and taking time to be with these Beautiful Children!  It means so much to @NIH and @The Childrensinn along with those sweet young children.  A Honor for them being with our First Lady of The United States of America. GOD BLESS ALL INVOLVED!

Have you MET your husband? Do you have a fucking CLUE about anything except your wardrobe???

Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash…
God bless, protect and guide you!
Thank you Vonda.

What kind words. I know that Britney Spears, our lord and savior, is looking over us all.
#JesusSaves

@WhiteHouse @POTUS! AMERICA HAS BEEN BLESSED TO HAVE SUCH A BRILLIANT & CLASSY FIRST LADY IN THE WHITE HOUSE! No one could love her more than TRUMPSTERS! God bless our lovely MELANIA! 
lovelier child.
Happy times and a lovely visit from the First Lady, how pleased the children are. Thanks.
@FLOTUS plse in form Mr.Trump
Did U have your red bikini on underneath your coat & a 'concealed carry' weapon ready to defend the kids if anyone who had legally bought an assault rifle & loads of bullets came in to shoot the place up?

I prefer the demure & very ladylike @MichelleObama a GENUINE 1st Lady.
Ms Trump 
You are a very classy lady. May God continue to bless you.
Your importance to us and your added strength in helping the President in building a great America cannot be denied.  Please keep up your superb effort.  We love you for your strength!
Sweetheart, you should not be allowed near our children.

Go see a divorce attorney instead!
This is not even her.
A beautiful first lady with a beautiful heart 
I love you malenia. 
I'd marry you if divorce that trump.
Why would she marry a muslim???? All you eant to do is destroy our country.
This bitch can’t even speak why does she even have an account... oh because anyone can have one .. even immigrants
I love our @FLOTUS
The feeling is not mutual.
Troll!
Please don't insult my looks. It's mean.
Wonderful First Lady!
Nope.  She's a wonderful gold digger.
Dios la bendiga siempre por preocuparse por los niños...
Beautiful
You have a good heart Mrs T

Please. Melania can't stand her husband and this picture is humiliating to her AND him!
Then ignore the photo moonbat.....simple.
Talk about being #OutOfTouch
~
Wonderful that FLOTUS brings focus to children with medical needs .
Clearly apparent children feel her love and compassion for them.
A Great Lady She Is:  This Nation is Fortunate.  She will do many Good things for the US of A.
When?
Now thats a #FirstLady ! Elegantly beautiful.
Go back to slovania with your parents - chain migration
Are you going to start protecting them from mass shootings any time soon?
Awesome
we love our beautiful First Lady
Wonderful First Lady
Jesus wants us true Christian to warn our brothers and sisters and churches of men that His Second Coming is at hand. God's delay is give some people time to repent and save their souls (until even the children don't go to Heaven.......!?)
You're doing a fantastic job. I wish we had the same here in Canada but alas...
Please talk to your husband, he promised to drain the swamp, THE NRA IS THE SWAMP WITHIN THE SWAMP!
Seriously, etc does this have to do with the first ladies tweet?  Idiot.
No it does not, but gee I'm using my freedom of speech. I know you gun afficionados like to think freedom only applies to you. Bravo on scintillating vocabulary btw, it really enhances your point.
Please increase funding if you really care.
Complimenti
#WhatDoesBarronThink
Stop
AWESOME 
You are a class act @FLOTUS proud american to have you as a first lady. #POTUS #FLOTUS #classy
Must be nice to meet some strong children for a change, you are married to a weak and pathetic one after all
Loving and kind - that’s our @FLOTUS
You make us proud Mrs. Trump.
I have a full proof plan to secure schools without arming teachers or puting anyone in harms way. I sent an outline of this plan to @Potus
Thank you for taking an interest in the NIH. They do great things.
Thank you for sharing this beautiful video.  Your love for children is so apparent in your interactions.  God bless you Mrs. Trump.
God bless you!!
You have benefitted greatly from America and my tax dollars. It’s time for you to give back.  
Speak out for families who do not have your wealth and notoriety.
Speak out for the Dreamers, the parents and spouses of US citizens and TPS who need to have a pathway to citizenship
You actually did something?
Melania you’re doing a wonderful job as First Lady you are such a naturally caring and kind person.
Time to regain your dignity and #dumpdonald
Yawn. That’s the best you can do?
@#
what about Stormy and Mc Dougal did they travel with you....Melania be a real First Lady and thrownecks long red ties out on the White House lawn ....
So out of touch
I love the way she makes the children feel around her, lots of hugs!
You are married to evil crawl under a rock or stand up for all that is good.
Awe fake #FLOTUS showed up
Go away flake
How about the children who survived the parkland shooting?
Is your stop cyber bullying FAKE NEWS like everything that comes out of your cheating husbands mouth?
Y have u not told “little hitler Don Jr to stop cyberbullying & spreading conspiracy theories about parkland students?

Stop it!  Give her praise and thank her without attacking someone else!  Why do you have to do that?
Because we are all sick of the double standard sandy!
Beast first lady ever thank you Mrs trump
Allah damage you.
Thank you First Lady for the love and support you show to the children. Bless you.
Thank you for visiting those children!
You could have picked a nicer outfit.
Love when you update and show pictures of your visits w kiddies. Thank you for your concern for these children.

You have a beautiful and loving spirit with a heart full of compassion. We couldn’t ask for a better First Lady. Full of class, grace and style! @MELANIATRUMP #lovesChildren
Will said sweetie
Hey, Mrs. Melanie, can you talk to me privately
Yet your husband wants to decrease NIH funding.
Love her!!!
Was marrying for money worth it? Now that your looks have faded do you think your husband is ready for wife number 4?
Thank you, Melania! Keep up the good work. You are needed.
Melania doing what democrats despise,  helping children.
Wonderful Culture.
Yeah, FO curry breath.  Shouldn't you be more concerned about what's causing the 300 SUICIDES a day in your own piss hole country of India. That's 12.5 suicdes per hour.  Yeah, don't lecture us about culture with your still engrained caste system
Most student mass shootings start with bullying. Who bullied & who thought it was funny? What is the culture like in Parkland? Runcie knew about Cruz. What was done to help Cruz? Time to ask hard question that MSM will not. Please FLOTUS this is your calling! #StandUpToBullying
FLOTUS you picked bullying for a reason! And now this event is calling to you. God is calling you to engage at Parkland. #standuptobulling
https://www.stopbullying.gov/at-risk/effects/index.htm …

God BLESS you Melania Trump. :)

U r such a class act! Very PrOUd of u & President Trump!
God Bless!!!
Join us in the fight for research dollars to find an early diagnostic test for ovarian cancer. Reach out to the OCRFA in July, Hill Day and support Ovarian Cancer Awareness month in September.  Support the women in the world.


Is anyone listening? This Trump accuser keeps asking herself that http://wapo.st/2CwCpOM 
She is by far one of the most loving flotus we have had, and it's only been one year 
God bless you both for your love & care for our nation & “The United States if America”
Wow.  They actually let you strip and do lap dances here?  Good for the First Stripper Lady.  You did the vile and disgusting trump, I guess you can do anybody. LOL.
You must be a certain type of special. That was VERY RUDE of you to post about the First Lady & ALL of the children that She brought joy to. I will pray for you
Wounded student: "The president didn’t make me feel better in the slightest. He said he heard I was a big fan of his, and then he said, ‘I’m a big fan of yours too.’ I’m pretty sure he made that up. Talking to the president, I’ve never been so unimpressed by a person in my life.”
#FreeAhedTamimi
How is your #Bullying platform going #GunReformNow might be one you can take on? It goes with the #Bullying you’re doing zero about @FLOTUS the laziest First Lady. How is is being in class with Hilary cheated wives who are vilified for husband oh yeah bullied!  Just crazy
Your relatives cyber bully kids from Parkland. Do you do anything but make sure you have clothes on every day?
Because then the police will need to employ more people, just to watch the cctv footage for any problems that would arise, you can set an alarm on cctv, but the alarm will go off on any movement, like students moving in the classes or halls... It wouldn't solve anything...
Mrs. Trump: We need to take heed of what the Children say.
SAFETY photos
Whatever steps are needed to make our children safe,
In Schools,  Playgrounds, Streets, and in their Homes,  should be
priority above all other business you conduct in Washington
POINT THE WAY ACROSS AMERICA
Nunca deje de sorprender .Perdeia.parte de su encanto personal Frirst Lady Melania Trump
Gracias muy lindo mensaje si ella tiene mucha clase y sabe de valores humanos es una excelente madre con un corazón enorme es la primera dama que este país siempre avia esperado que dios nos la bendiga siempre Melania trump
Mrs Trump our First Lady is a wonderful , loving kind women .So proud of her
I love Melania...... So proud that she is our First Lady......
Did you give them the $26 Million you stole from the Inaugural Committee?????
As a concerned US Citizen, I saw an ad for bullying, since I know you are working on this I thought you may want to chk out what they do bcuz it opens kids up to location, advice, and didn’t really have any info their APP LOGO
Very caring
You are a wonderful First Lady. Thank you so much 
Very nice..
Melania...when are you going to tackle bullying??  It's been over a year now and nothing?
Good job

Thank you to First Lady for your generous. You always share your passion & kindness with American people to heal the people’s vulnerable mind.
Give me a break!! You have got to be kidding.
Thank you Melania Trump for being so kind & involved ! You are lovely ! Pay no attention to the left media !!
You are a classic lady. That's coming from a Democrat. Thank you FLOTUS.

Keep up the great work, Melania.
What 'great work' is that?
The job of being First Lady.
And just what is she doing? I don't see her doing anything.
That's because YOU are a terrible person.
I guess a person can't ask an innocent question. Just what DOES FLOTUS do? FLOTUS should always be out-and-about, not hiding in her room.
There was nothing innocent about your question. I told the First Lady to keep up the good work, to encourage her and thank her. Your comment and question was unwelcome and disparaging. The job of First lady is demanding and important. Melania is a treasure. Now, please be quiet.
Actually, I feel sorry for the FLOTUS. I have a feeling she doesn't want to be there. Anyway, have a nice day. Sorry I bothered you.
#MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Q
You are a class act! I'm not fond of your husband, but I have a lot of respect and admiration for you. His mistakes and infidelities are not a reflection on you. Stay strong! America loves you!
Infidelities check their bank accounts as POTUS has many enemies in MSM!
Thank you for the amazing work you do with the children. So proud to call you First Lady.
Best First Lady ever.
Puke
How do you feel about your husband banging different hookers every week?

Ey ABD Terörist devlet:Bunların Hesabını vereceksin
#DoğuGutaKanAğlıyor
#ABDyleHesapZamanı
#Susturamazsınız
Love this video! Proud to have you as our FIRST LADY
Vary nice
What a beautiful act of kindness i just viewed ....So proud to say i voted for the President and his wonderful wife..
very touching

@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump giving millions to most wanted @NRA These are the 17 students that were slater #NeverAgain #EmmaGonzalez #AlfonsoCalderon #TheResistance
#FloridaSchoolShooting R.I.P. This President, and America failed you
Amazing! Such a great champion for all children!
