Americans are so proud of you @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP . Thank you for your hospitality and catering to our world leaders!!! We love and appreciate you!!!! 
She is beautiful.  Gorgeous.

Best First Lady EVER! Thank you, Melania! 

Stop living in the past. Move on. Wrong first lady.
You mean this one?
You're pretty sick to show those. If someone dug into your past what would they find ? No I don't mean that picture. She was not FLOTUS.
Sorry, but no one forced her to do pornographic photo shoots.  Accept the fact that the present first lady is a former porno model.
Why do young people do stupid things? People have a right to redeem themselves, and she has , beautifully.
She was no young thing.  Melania was and adult of 25 years when she did hard core nude porn.  Five years later she soft porn.  Trump bought himself a porn model for a wife.  She sold her goods.
They are welcome, you and your husband not so much
Your not welcome move to Canada like you said!
Philippians 4:23
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with you all. #Amen.
#Jesus is our #Lord  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land.
Thank you Mrs. Trump for being the best First Lady our country has ever had !
She has done NOTHING to be considered anywhere CLOSE to being the best. 

Now Michele deserves real consideration after 8 years of service without scandals.
Michele Obama is a joke ! Her & Hussein were an embarrassment to this country !
Please elaborate. What has Melania done that is so great (besides having sex with a man that went rawdog on a pornstar), and what did Michele do that was such a joke? Besides being black of course.
I don't care compare Flotus. What concerns me is how Barack  was trying to turn this country into socialism. I lived in communism - scary to say at least
Then Trump should scare the life out of you. If not, then your comment is just a joke.

Oh, but the POTUS and FLOTUS without any scandals were and embarrassment, and SCARY SOCIALISM tactics.
@FLOTUS Best First Lady ever .
Best ex lady of the night
Welcome
Lovely photos!
Beautiful!!!
Our @FLOTUS is stunning as always! Beautiful pictures! 
I've been stunned by those pornographic photos of her (Filth!) But Jesus chose her to be dear Donald's third wife and so now she's Christian and classy too.  Our faith is amazing!
Tsk tsk little kitty! Put your claws away! You may need Jesus someday. Better to have believed in Jesus and been wrong, than the opposite. 
I'm not talking about believing in Jesus or not. I'm talking about the hypocrisy of self-proclaimed Christians. (By the way, you could say the same about any religious figure.) #ReadingComprehension
Funny, but I don’t know any other religious leaders that walked on water or brought the dead back to life! I’ll stick with Jesus! #TryTheBible #ReadingComprehension
Funny, but if you knew anything about world religions you'd know of other purported miracles like these and that much of the Bible was borrowed from pre-existing traditions.
Clearly, they’re no Jesus or we would all know who they were, but everyone on earth, but maybe...North Korea, knows who Jesus is. Spout your atheist views elsewhere. You’re wasting your breath.
Why do you assume I'm atheist.  By the way, Mohammed performed miracles and everyone knows how he is.
Takes one to know one and you know them all, welcome to high school.
What a beautiful setting for dinner!  The view of the river is absolutely gorgeous!


You are such a warm and gracious First Lady. You make us so very proud. God bless you @FLOTUS and @realDonaldTrump
Mrs @FLOTUS in England a little boy has been deprived of vital support for more than six hours #littlewarrior #AlfieEvans is fighting and breathing indipendently but must be helped before it's too late.Alderhey's hospital holds him illicitly and waits for him to die #SaveAlfie
Mrs @FLOTUS HELP THE BOY! We pray to save his life #AlfieEvans. As always Poland is the Guardian of Life!!!
Melania looks beautiful as always!
#RussianCollusion #TrumpCorruption #TrumpCrimeFamily
That's disrespectful to orangutans. They have much more class than 45.
#MAGA Thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady! 
Make France GREAT Again  haha!!
Watching Malania and Mrs Macron  walking in the grass with 6 inch heels
made my feet hurt. That's quite a feat!
Welcome !
It looks like, we have a great relationship with France! And I must say both presidents wives are gorgeous, knowledgeable, and I bet they’re gonna make really good friends! God bless America God has France
I LOVE MY FIRST LADY !
Thank you for retweeting !
MELANIA you look Beautiful so glad you are OUR FLOTUS
Hope you all have a wonderful time 
So refreshing to have class and good taste back in the White House. Thank you, Melania!!
Yeah real class act

Liberal losers at their finest, well almost, not good enough to hold office anymore. Boo Hoo
I am so very happy that you are out First Lady.... maybe you can blow some of the stink out of the White House that the Obama's left behind...I find you always looking gorgeous and dressed perfectly for every occasion 

...
Our @POTUS and @FLOTUS are the most gracious of host. #MAGA 
GOD BLESS YOU MELANIA
God bless you, you’re stunning! Love your hair parted on the side. Have fun tonight!
Beautiful & gracious @FLOTUS 
Viva La France
Beautiful you did an awesome job @FLOTUS also, love your hair patted on the side
Yes.  Welcome to the USA!!
You are all inspiring.   Keep on!
Cant wait to see the pics.,.,.,,we lov ya
You are so beautiful and you have a lovely smile.
You are so beautiful ，the first lady.
She is beautiful, inside and out. And she’s very intelligent and as classy as classy can get!
agree！
Melania is such a sweet and genuine First Lady.
I just love it when they hold hands 
You are a beautiful soul my First Lady!
Some beautiful pictures.  As always,so elegant.
As usual, you are an asset to our country! #MAGA
First 100, great first lady
Hope you guys have an excellent evening!Post pics of the dinner please?
Welcome
... this is Donald's room. And this is my room.
Peeping Tom? Tut tut. Beautiful, gracious @FLOTUS regardless of your ill will.
Love Melania’s beautiful smile
Now this makes sense! France and US, working together, again!! C'est bon
Looking at Power, Style and Grace!  I have never been more proud of our #FLOTUS and #POTUS!
They’re all beautiful, nice people I’m glad France is our dependable ally
Our gracious hostess! 
Nice to see you online more often Mrs. Trump aka Mrs. #MAGA2020
@FLOTUS - that dress!!!!  Beeeuuuuteeeful
Beautiful and classy
That's what Trump is in the process of doing...
How? By increasing number of soldier? By sending new missile ships? By increasing the budget of Syria war? I was belive in Trump will stop this war before the election. But now he is a part of these murders. Every @POTUS s says different but does different.
Let’s just hope #DonaldTrump doesn’t disrespect you and flirt with #EmmanuelMacron wife in front of you again. 
Wow maybe put some clothes on
Happy Birthday to you! You are a source of pride and we are so thankful for your grace and class as America's First Lady! God Bless you and our President!
I love my President and First Lady 
Look how beautiful @FLOTUS looks !

Gracious hostess!
You’re so classy Mrs Trump. Thank you for making us proud! 
You r our wonderful First.Lady
I believe you were to tour some of DC’s monuments. Then to Mt Vernon for a tour and dinner.
Is it possible you feet are tired Melania? Hope you enjoyed. Looks like fun!
Beautiful pictures! Love your dress!!
Great shots and we are so happy to see this so far away from home! Thanks, First Lady!
Your representing the United States well, thank you.
Run, we'll save you.  FLIP and save yourself
America’s royalty, stunning First Lady and tough leader 

#KeepAmericaGreat
Royalty? You're kidding, right?
No sweety, rid the hate and educate, only the smart strong and vigilant will survive
So, tell me, Einstein, what do you know of my education? What makes you so certain that I am not above any level of intelligence that you may serve up today? How much time do you have? Would you like to play mental hopscotch?
With that anger, I doubt you’re willing to learn 
I actually think it you getting angry. Perhaps I can teach you a thing or two.
Please do silly, lol
You are amazing Melania. So proud you are America’s First Lady
FLOTUS did herself proud on her first State dinner. It was magnificent & she was in charge down to the smallest details. The white House looks amazing. So glad such a beautiful woman is our First Lady! God Bless you!
In France
Pictures from your last visit.
@POTUS  Welcome to the US hope your stay is wonderful, our First Lady worked very hard to make sure everything was to perfection for your visit and talks with our President are just as great.  Vive la France!
A very handsome group.
Classy couple
Enjoy your new friends
Élégance.......
We are so proud of you @FLOTUS @POTUS and #WeThePeople also welcome the Macrons to the USA #ProudAmericans #MakingAmericaGreatAgain 
Gorgeous FLOTUS! Thank you! 
Very nice!  Beautiful @FLOTUS  @POTUS 
Lovely couples!
Love seeing all of your fabulous fashion and decorations.  
So elegant!
Was you thinking about @BarackObama when you had that smile on your face today  .... 

You are the best First Lady
EVER. you are an ace of all kinds,, and we love you beautiful lady
Dear Pres. @EmmanuelMacron - We apologize for our Cretin In Cheap. We're fully aware that he is a racist, a habitual liar and sexual predator, and a tremendous moron. We're working on getting rid of him. 

Kind of pissed that you showed him a military parade, tbh. Thanks for that
@Flotus I love your dress!!
You make us so proud classy @Flotus 

Thank you, @Flotus, for being such a wonderful First Lady and for being such a gracious host. You look so happy every time you’re with the Macrons!
Thank you for bringing such CLASS back to America’s Whitehouse
And Melania can speak French to them ala Jackie Kennedy!
Ms. Trump. I'm following you because you seem like a very lovely person. Regardless of who you are married to, please ignore all the hatred in these feeds from both sides of the aisle. No reason for everybody to stoop so low.
You r so stunning! So proud u r our first lady!!
You guys look cute

We have a super stylish first lady. Jackie O would be proud.
Designer handbags and shoes don’t give grace !
Leave her alone. She has class, unlike you.
Flawless & Did An Amazing Job Representing Our Country
You always look so classy and stunning! 
Awesome photos
I love Ronald Reagan and I LOVE MORE Donald Trump

https://youtu.be/C3BycINr-vM 
https://youtu.be/6mf4J9z4NqY 
We love you!!
We saw photos of the dining room and place settings. It looks so beautiful and elegant!!
Lovely ladies & gents
Let’s hope next year Donald will be in jail.
Boy is he lucky to have you - you are very classy
You are so beautiful and graceful!! America loves our First Lady! 
Very good work doing you dear
MAGA
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA #Q
Class is back in the White House!!!!
Class Dignity Humility God 🕆
@ivanawine I thought you might have missed these kind thoughts from the First Mrs.Trump. #Stormy #SameBoat #BirtherLie #FBR
Greatest First Lady in modern history 
Thank you for all you do for America! You are the most wonderful First Lady, attending to every detail with the utmost care and thoughtfulness.
Am so proud of our president and just adore our First Lady. Most intelligent  and most beautiful ever
Illegitimate president was elected by Russia #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump

Dear @FLOTUS you look stunning, I am so very proud of you. Love you and pray for you and yours everyday.  Welcome to President and Mrs. Macron.
Yu looked HAPPIER HERE...
Good to see you smile on Saturday sitting next to President Obama.

Sicko

You are sickening !!! There is no help for you, you have lost your brain.

Thank you for being a flotus with class.
For all you fake accounts
I would rather see this than that poor excuse we previously had
The welcome of President @EmmanuelMacron and First Lady Bridgett. Melanie always does an emaculant job. Today on the house lawn, it was absolutely amazing. Melanie stunned everyone especially with her gorgeous hat that suited the occasion. Always in great taste. @realDonaldTrump
hello dear Melania Trump good luck, thank you
The most beautiful and classy 1st lady since Jackie!
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL BEAUTIFUL MELANIA BEAUTIFUL DONALD BEAUTIFUL MRS MACRON AND BEAUTIFUL EMMANUEL))))))))))))) TWICE TWITTER MARRID))))))))))))))) I DREAM MARRID WITH BEAUTIFUL KEANU REEVES))))))))))))))))
Which one was the funeral? 
#BarackObama
Watching you right now as @EmmanuelMacron and his wife arrive at the @WhiteHouse. You look absolutely beautiful!  Love the hat.  Thank you for representing our country with such class & thank you for handling all the attacks on you & @POTUS with such grace.  Forever in your debt.
Melania, looking more beautiful daily!!!!  What a classy Flotus!  I am looking for the White dress your wearing this morning with the white hat!!!! Such class!  We all went   "WOW"!!!!! BEAUTIFUL!
You look beautiful, Melania! Total class!
Love this FLOTUS , best ever.
Melania, that is the most adorable outfit! You are certainly giving Jackie O a run for her title! (Personally I think you’ve already become the true Iconic First Lady. God bless you and your family. Continued prayers for all.
Truly! Your Outfit Was Astounding Today. Truly.
Great seeing you @HotelScallywag with @HunterBaldwin10
If needed? I will be available for translation work @HotelScallywag during @EmmanuelMacron's US visit.
11 service by @HunterBaldwin10
Top!

Stunnng!
VIVA LA FRANCE
Hats off to Melania Trump! You  are doing a wonderful job as a First Lady and you make us proud
welcome
I love our @FLOTUS & @POTUS 
Being first Lady without LOVE, or being a part of a relation with LOVE but without power, money, popularity... Etc. To be or not to be.
Thank 45 for making international relations better than the sell out #America @BarackObama !  Thanks for answering the call to Duty!  There are a few,  very few! That miss this to #Americans who have made the correct choice in electing the greatest #POTUS in History @POTUS45

Thank you First Lady Melania



@samprdsam 
the crew
The President and First Lady are a classy couple.
Uhh. Obviously I'm referring to the President of France.
@POTUS and his grifting, breeding Klan are not welcome anymore.
100% class act. So proud to have you living in our country’s capital.
Oh? Donald decided to visit the White House for a change?
I'm just in love with President Trumps family you are,the best America and the world ever had lovely U
me to
Has anyone ever seen @BarackObama & @MichelleObama behave this way?
You looked happier without him there ...
Depends what news you are watching
Here is another great picture.
Just curious why didn’t you invite any Democrats or press to your first State dinner ?

Nice, first class all the way @FLOTUS is!  Let's not leave out behind every successful man @realDonaldTrump is a great women!  Thanks @FLOTUS for your support!  #MAGA go #POTUSTrump the Goods for #America and it's people! amen
What’s with the thumbs up???

Why can't you ever smile? Are you in so much pain your can't anymore? You smiled at Mrs Bush's funeral. You should be happy you represent America and your an immigrant as well.  When I see you, you look like you going to a death camp. I guess you are always on a leash with Don
You notice that huh? Been that victim my whole life, damn efin low self esteem devils children I say 

#HailSateen
I love my country especially our veterans. I have a successful practice in counseling which I scaled back to raise Doberman Pinchers trained to assist vets with PTSD and I give them to vets at no cost not 32K. My self esteem gteat. Do you help anyone but yourself or you a leach.
I’m happy for you ma’am, can I help you otherwise?
Thank you Melania for representing America 
ThankYou, First-Lady Melania Trump
For so Proudly Representing Our Country
Thank you for always being so gracious! We have needed you in the White House for a long time! Bless you!
We are proud of you Melania!
I really do like how our president the First Lady our loving Thy Neighbors it is instilled in every1 of us its called wisdom using it in God's mysterious way of working 4 the good of humanity is wisdom 4 all Humanity feed your people make them prosper give back some profit WWJD!?
Blink three times if you need help
Trying hard to change her image, her IQ remains an enigma, doesn't give frequent interviews, but uses the American's tax payers money to live surrouded in the cloak of wealth and privilege in @WhiteHouse @GOPChairwoman @GOP 
#TheResistance
You are a class act!! Always gorgeous, fashion forward and polite!! I’m so Proud to call you our First Lady!! 
So proud of our First Lady 
Welcome to Washington DC to Mr Macron and your beautiful bride.  I sincerely hope you enjoy your time spent here.  President Trump and Mrs. Trump are happy you came.
The First Lady of France has a Pretty Dress.. My Complements from New Mexico.
Beautiful pictures!
I love you Miss Gracious. You understand why immigrants want to come to this beautiful country of ours.
Nope
Nice look
God bless you First Lady!
These pics are great!!!!!


very nice
Wow
You are such an inspiring woman! Thank you for all you do 
If you are even remotely serious about a platform against bullying then please consider shutting down @KellyannePolls and her hateful, racist rhetoric spewed in your name. The Obamas are kind to you. Their supporters want to be kinds to you. Please stop this.

These photos make me so happy.  God bless President Trump and FLOTUS  !! 
Wonderful
THE BEST ELEGANT FLOTUS EVER
What a first rate, first family.
I like the thumb up of POTUS
Thank you Melania. God bless our Trump family. That big guy is doing okay too.
Beautiful and classy, as always 
Welcome to the White House. I'm sure you will enjoy being in the presence of our POTUS and FLOTUS they are amazing!
Best first lady ever. Love you! 
Thank you so much for sharing the pictures.  We are proud to have you, Mrs. Trump, as our wonderful First Lady.  Thank you.
I’m glad to see you’re wearing something not so revealing 

Heloo im Tobiasz

The only women I know who admire melanin the fraud and illegal immigrant trophy 3rd  wife are fake blonde middle aged fatties from @gop who want to be like her&Russian/Eastern European racist immigrants to our country who admire how she pulled off her conjob to rope in the swine
There are no really  educated women out there who know history,ethics, science or philosophy who would support the heinous scum called @realDonaldTrump or his @FLOTUS or his #TrumpCrimeFamily! Just NO WAY
You did a beautiful job planning every detail of the State Dinner with France. We are so blessed that you created such a welcoming embrace to President Macron.
