Escape.
You are the best. You are beautiful and smart and you do not have to keep up a happy front. This was not your choice but you are doing a much better job then your husband. Hang in there and you will make us all proud .
Such a beautiful classy First Lady
I love the comment
I would have delighted to first lady if she visit to students in my country Nepal for her valuable contributions.
Not your words
Doing a Great Job! We are so joyous to finally have a 1st Lady With Grace N Class,Beauty.
Melanie you are making Great and all of us Grateful to You. You are Beautiful in your heart filled actions. Ignore the negative judgements of uncaring people.

נכון
You are a wonderful, kind, beautiful, intelligent FLOTUS.
Very proud that we have a First lady that has genuine compassion for the least of us. Your class has made a absolute difference in America. Stay strong and know American Patriots have your 6.
Madam I am Bengali. I respect you.
You are so brave. I’m glad you are standing by your husband, it must be unbearable to have your personal life under the cruel media. Many of us respect you more than you know.
So classy
Feeling sorry for A woman who had an affair with a married man.. stand by hey husband hell he wasnt hers to begin with
We are so proud to have some real CLASS in the White House at last! Keep up the good fight. There are millions of us who cannot wait to vote in another term starting all over in 2020! We need to turn that "Obozo" symbol inside-out as we MAGA!
So your idea of "class" involves lots of gold glitz and glam and no real substance.  Got it.
You have no clue. I see "gratitude, grace, and genius". Substance only begins with the 5 languages she is fluent in. Unlike her predecessor, she offers a helping hand, not a finger. Yah, that's CLASS! Light some candles.. We get nowhere cursing the darkness.. MAGA!
foolish

It works!  You are an inspiration to them
You are so pretty
please reply
The work of Ma'aki enjoys a beautiful spirit
Beautiful lady inside & out!!!!

@PhilippeReines smile 

#FreeSchaefferCox
So sweet mam
You know even those of us who don't like your husband have next to no reason not to like you. You deserve the world, the moon and the stars. So please help us. You will be a hero for all time. We support you. Always. And know its hard. God bless you . Eternally.
We're here whenever you're ready. #FreeMelania
"...together, we can work towards ensuring children everywhere can be their very best."  What exactly are you doing to help children do their very best?
Have you ever listened to stories about the Russian pee party?
Thank you for all the hours you sacrifice for our children & youth!! God bless you & your family very richly!!!
How are you honestly talking to children that are scared to go to school?  How do you tell kids they won’t be shot and killed at school with an AR-15?  Every kid in America is scared to be at school. Sickening!!
Be their best? What?


They can all be successful but not in your world !
Thank you! You are an inspiration! I am proud to see the work you do with children!
This statement is a joke, as long as trump I'm place
Not if your husband is president.  There is NO future!
@NARAL @ReproRights @PPact @katyperry @TheEllenShow @ladygaga @Oprah @taylorswift13 @ArianaGrande @EmWatson @victoriabeckham @zoella @aliciagarza @amandlastenberg @AmericaFerrera @andizeisler @BarbaraBoxer @bellhooks @BerniceKing @CherrieMoraga @GabbyGiffords  @GloriaSteinem

nothing about cyberbullying.....
Yeah, that's what the left wants you to believe. 
ttps://www.vanityfair.com/style/2018/02/melania-trump-is-still-trying-to-combat-cyberbullying
 USA! Great!
How in God's name do you put up with this guy. I feel so sorry for you.
Miss trump with this action you can make your countrys future better.
Improving youre country's education is improving youre countrys future.
Yeah, just like your role with @Potus - shut up, listen to what he wants you to think, do, & say
You're a moron. The children did the talking. They held a listening session. They are listening. Learn to read and do some listening yourself.
Me in that situation
Me
Me
Save EARTH with INCOME.  By Franchise RESORT/VILLA : 1. VARIOUS   RENEWABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism  2. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR  & FISHING Tourism  3. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRY GARDEN Tourism  4. LOCAL  CULTURE  & COMMUNITY DEV. Tourism.  ROI 6 YEARS as property.  @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
I wouldn't let you or your husband anywhere near my kids.
Thank you for being such a great first lady
Thank you #FLOTUS! Your grace and heartfelt intention have surely influenced these kids and all you reach with your efforts!
Great job  Melania Bless you and your wonderful family!
SHOW THE CHILDREN THIS IF YOU DARE.....FILTH.
What’s the difference between Melania, Karen McDougal and Stormy Daniels?  Melania was the only one who didn’t know her husband was cheating.    (Get some self respect woman, it can’t ALL be about money!)
My fan fiction story about Melania is she is a plant by Putin to get the dirt on trump. It is Putin’s long game. She knows all about trump, doesn’t care, and is actually glad that he isn’t bugging her because he disgusts her.
Why don't you get out of your awful life and go get a job working with kids? The only time I have ever seen a glimmer of happiness in you is when you're around children. It can't be worth it.
Urine idiot
If you cared about children you wouldn’t be blindly supporting a man who is gutting education, and who hired Betsy DeVos, the worst EdSec of all time. #BeReal

Melania, I am proud to call you our First Lady, you are the epitome of class!!! I think you and Mr President are doing a fantastic job.
What are they doing, what?
Melania is intellectually unfit!
Hush! POS! You’re also morallyunfit and intellectually deficient!
all the boys at home on computers have your Melania photos in their youth and when you touch them they are very nervous
Did you talk to gun violence survivors being bullied online ?
Soooo what did they say?  What did you hear? Details?
Doormat...
I must be extremely difficult to keep trying to do what you are doing. You are appreciated and i pray you will be blessed many times over
Being involved is your key 

Thank you for everything you do. I couldn’t imagine what you go through with the daily attacks. Real Americans appreciate your hard work. Thank you by setting a good example as 1st lady!
Real Americans? Foh.
Мелания,помогите украинским детям Порошенко и ВСУ убивают детей и народ  Сегодня поминают мертвых, все пошли на кладбище к могилам родных, кладбище с градов обстреляла армия Порошенко.Мир ослеп не видит правды Порошенко лжет всегда он киллер Почему мир не хочет правды ПОМОГИТЕ
Are you including Parkland students?
#FLOTUS
First Lady: Mrs. Melania Trump: I truly appreciate. All that you do. Thanks a million.
First Lady: Mrs. Melania Trump: "I totally agree with you"
You have plenty of leverage on him now.  Why don't you threaten to leave him if he doesn't get off Twitter.  Then follow through when he doesn't.  Having a POTUS get served with divorce papers would just be one more "unprecedented" thing about @realDonaldTrump 's administration.
Like your work with children-very impressive!    Sorry that you have to go through so much with Donald’s past - most women couldn’t take it.
Lakers champ!2019season
She may not be political. And yet Mrs. Trump may end up doing more than any of her predecessors to upend our expectations of the slavish devotion a first lady must ... We are very proud of you to be our first lady! You show hope for America..
Love the filter
Greatest first lady ever
, what good work?
Great work from FLOTUS
love you @FLOTUS 
Best. First Lady. Ever. 

#Trump2020
Yeap, very classy.
No. On.     M.  My ml u  l. j. MlHi has.   Kno has.    J. Milk. No@mkmou@m@ i
انتي انسانه طيبة القلب وانا احبك

WE LOVE YOU!  thank you for being such a good role model for children@FLOTUS

What were their thoughts on having a graceless president whose name-calling and bullying wouldn't be tolerated on their playground?
She actually seems to love kids, unlike her hubby. I only see her really smile in her whole face when she is with kids at schools, hospitals, doing art, etc.
How did they feel about their teachers packing heat?
You are a good example to many, Melania.
Your moronic supporters don’t realize that YOU are the queen of the safe space.  Heck, for years you’ve maintained a safe space full of McDonald’s Filet-o-Fish sandwiches and mid 2000’s porn DVD’s for the dotard in chief.

How much did this liberal NYC “listening session” cost?
So fake!
You really need to slap him hard...
So proud you are our First Lady!
Someone should tell you #PEETUS #PeeTape
I’m painting today - white undercoat and pink on top - it’s not perfect but it’s pretty - did some work on car engines and gave the patent to Charlotte and dimitri because they’re getting married and I can’t get it done here on my own and I want them to succeed
Aaaa çocuklar sana kuruyemiş ikram etmemiş.
trump  the kid killer of 2018 .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
How about the students in Syria? Where is the proof of Russia and Iran using poison gas? Why is your husband or you not talking to Pres Putin to work this out peacefully? Your husband cannot attack, it is ill! Ill people should not be in office. Please stop him or step down.
Our children are strudying the same science that Dr. Guy McPherson and others can show you life on earth is soon to disappear w/climate change. Yet you or your husband is not prioritizing secular science to resolve ASAP, why? Please see https://guymcpherson.com 
nice specialty children emitting in the good think mem
How is your evening going First Concubine?
Comey: It’s possible that Trump "pee tape" is real http://hill.cm/bmbep5z  

#SaveTheChildrenOfSyria
My favorite FLOTUS this side of Jackie O
Shows a lot better than your precious Michelle or Michael
RUN NOW! Life after marriage to a narc- you will bounce back!
Thanks Stephanie for writing this tweet!
You must support education first... Devon isn't?
Melania,
 Ho to Ho... 
 DUMP that JOHN!
At least Melania doesn’t look like she will eat the kids! Oh to have a sit down w her!
Maybe Melania doesn't understand American TV?  (psst google Stormy Daniels etc...) Melania, why are you still trying? Give up. Save Barron. Run.

HI! Vibrant Sun!
PS.... I love New Mexico...  my second home.
I do too... funny bc State politics so corrupt (home of Koch Bros) but our senators rock!  I don’t bash Melania since I too married (divorced) a Narc lol! Plus she gave us such joy to watch for the “hand slaps” over past year!
AMERICA loves & is SO PROUD of MELANIA, PEOPLE'S 1ST LADY!
Please have some respect for yourself and your son and leave that man — no Woman should stay with a man who openly admits he cheats on his wife ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE TRYING TO RAISE YOUR SON TO RESPECT WOMEN We would have great respect for you!!!
reading in your broken english as your husband the bigot rails against good people trying to find a home in our country away from war and horrible conditions, are scared as he uses them to further his hate filled rhetoric to keep his bigoted base.  You should be ashamed!
You poor beautiful woman, your way to good to be married to a cheating lying man like your husband, you got it going on, you don't need him, be happy
the exampleU Rsetting for young girls ? UGet man 4 his $$ & stay with after he cheats with porn Does it impresses U how he’s @ making sure all but stupid hate him? not safe bcuz the manchild can’t shut up. self respect? Doesshitty behavior translate??

Thank you, Mrs. Trump. You are doing your very best to for the country.
It’s good to get students to have verbal group discussions . It’s better than just reading a book and writing their opinions.
However reading and writing are still of a great importance.
You make me proud Mrs. Trump. Keep up the good work. Continue the class you show in the shadow of the ugliness imposed by the left. In my eyes it just makes them even more the bad guy.  You are a winner!

What an awesome First Lady.  You can tell children are her passion, keep up the great work!
Hi First Concubine, how is your day going?
As-tu suivi ou ecouté ces vrais #HEROES? Si tu veux faire quelque chose pour les étudiants, commence par écouter:
.@Emma4Change .@davidhogg111 .@cameron_kasky .@longlivekcx .@lexforchange .@delaneytarr .@al3xw1nd .@John_Barnitt .@sarahchad_ .@JaclynCorin
Such a beautiful classy lady
Read About Abraham Lincoln 
Read This about A Good Honest President, who wouldn’t cheat on his Wife  !!!  Abraham Lincoln had Morals and family Values !!! And He Cared about the Slaves !!!

We love you, Melania!  Keep up the good work.
Did anyone ask you why you allow your husband to be the chief cyber bully?
Allow! lol, he has the right to defend himself against all the hateful people who want to see him fail. He's transparent that's why people can attack him the way they do. Obama said he would be transparent and put everything they were doing online, not!.
Like your family?
if you're "listening to students who share their thoughts and feelings," listen to your son's thoughts and feelings! Get him out of there for the sake of his future. You might think about changing his last name too!
I’m sure you like kids, but you aren’t any more qualified for your job than your husband is. You also know he slept  with hookers regularly till you moved in the White House.
You are such a beautiful gracious, and tenderhearted lady.  Your true riches come from the heart.  The Bible says, Let your adorning be the hidden person of the heart with the imperishable beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which in God's sight is very precious. 1 Peter 3:4
You are so classy! A true Virgo, like me. Don't know how you deal with the Gemini @realDonaldTrump, I was with a Gemini and he was a nut. But I have to say... The bio for the Gemini born in the Chinese Year of the Pig is nothing short of prescient regarding @POTUS
So classy
Didn't Evita do that same thing? I'm not gonna fact check, so correct me if I'm wrong.

If you care about these children then you MUST know they deserve more than a bully, cheat and liar for a president and you deserve more than that in a husband.  Help the children by divorcing and denouncing the evil man you are married to and be a good role model for our girls!
45 is a role model for children of all ages; they must do everything in the power to be the EXACT OPPOSITE of him and embrace basic norms of behavior and ethics.
Awesome.
Bahahahahahaha!
SCRANTON PA??? WHERE IS YOUR VOICE???
Dear Melania, please let us know what you really, really think of your husband. I personally think you're doing a far better job than him and wish you well. You're a good lady in a bad marriage. You have my respect! - W.L. Patriot
First step in helping children - Replace Betsy De Voss with someone who actually understands and supports public education.  Second step - make sure poor families have access to affordable healthcare.
Melania, it's time for you to prove your patriotism and pay Robert Mueller a visit. I'm sure you have lots of secrets to share - and Mueller will provide protection.
God Bless you and Donald always! God is behind you. Everyone please pray for God's chosen President and First Lady! 
Shit!

I’m in LOVE with that outfit!
Wake up he is using her
she loves him and that is obvious! who are you to judge?
I dont want a president to even to reply, he is really a bad influence on my four children and five grand
you're the bad influence if you don't teach your children to respect our leaders. it's up to you to teach morals to your children. I don't agree with some decisions he's made either but not one of us is without sin.
You aren’t doing shit, your husband has stripped away education dollars with DeVoss, and wants teachers to carry guns.  Fuck off you daft cunt.
A bunch of racists worshiping a mail order bride from who really knows where. I do like her better that her hubby. She’s intelligent.
all characteristics your husband lacks tenfold.
Too bad they have the worst role model as their president
Stay strong Trump Family.
