Beautiful First Lady. We love u
Bot
Melanie-stay strong you are making the world a better place. Thank you for helping your husband take back the USA. God bless you and your family. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Bot
Thank You @FLOTUS !! The People Chosen Were Honorable And You are a Gracious First Lady!  You Always Show Respect for God, Our Nation, And To Everywhere Accompanied By @POTUS Worldwide & At Home Here!! 
Bot
Oh, Lib In Texas? From Which DEM STATE You RELOCATE?! Ruined & HASN’T Learned & STILL FOR DEMS-While Enjoying BENEFITS OF REPUBLICAN TEXAS-NO STATE TAXES, EXTRA BORDER SECURITY, RIGHT TO CARRY GUNS & STATE CASTLE LAW! Must Be FROM CALIFORNIA OR NYC?!
You are beautiful inside and out 
Melanie is a most gracious and wonderful representative for all America-and-might I add that she is a gracious and wonderful Roll model for all our children as well-thank you First Lady.
So girls should aspire to strip nude for money, then marry a bigot for money. So as long as they get money anything they do is ok. Wow you lack morals of any type.
Canadians  love you Mrs Trump FLOTUS
The whole event was fabulous!
Thank you for being the first lady that displays class in concern you're the best first lady we've had in decades
Bot
First Lady Melania, you're my favorite 1st Lady you have brought back class to the #WhiteHouse keep up the great work. I'm lovin' how you always take the high road, you have a wonderful sense of fashion & You Look Marvelous Darling.
Loved that Dolce & Gabbana you wore last night!
I thought it was Christian Dior.
My mistake.
You may be right, I watched it on #FreeTV Ch 5 #NYC they said it was Dolce & Gabbana; it wouldn't be the 1st time the new got something wrong, sure wont be the last. Me, I like vintage #Pucci #Paisley 
#Fox #FoxNews #FLOTUSfashion #FLOTUS #fashion #couture #MelaniaTrump #Melania
2 different news sources stated she wore Dior. The designer you mentioned, Dolce & Gabbana was that beautiful floral coat she wore in Italy
I love everything she wears. There is not 1 outfit she has worn that you thought, ‘Why did she wear that’? #classy
#Melania, your husband wants to CUT benefits to veterans, It's difficult for veterans to think you empathize with them. Show you are ready to take action. Spend time going to VA clinics and visiting those severly damaged. .
I am not a veteran, but my brother was. He passed away in 2015. His ex wife is still alive. They both suffered from all kinds of medical problems that are strange. Lots of vets do. #AgentOrange is not an anomaly. They volunteered. They deserve better. #DPPRALLY2018 
This is me:
Melania is an awesome First Lady
God bless you Mrs. Trump proud to have you as our FLOTUS
Melania no matter what anyone say you are a beautiful first lady God bless you and your family
Thank You Melania- you looked incredibly beautiful and represent our country with dignity and class... #MAGA
We are so lucky to have you
Mr.Trump's speech was awesome and you  were  charming as ever. 

No, a true citizen of the United States, who went through all the trouble to become a citizen, took your job and does it beautifully.
How would you know?
Thank you for all you do They are Desperate they will say and do anything to disrupt you and your life don’t believe them Believe and declare in prayer everything will be fine Mr. President Trump loves and respects you we always see this
It was a most amazing event last night. Every single detail was pure perfection.  
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS for all the tender loving care you put into it. 
EB
We love you @FLOTUS! 
You were lovely and graceful last night--as usual. There couldn't have been better guests at the #SOTU than the heroes who sat with you. I pray God blesses & keeps them, comforts those who mourn and brings them peace. Proud of our First Lady. 
I'm in love with our First Lady. She's so classy and elegant. I'm very proud of her. #MAGA #SOTU #BestFirstLadyofAllTime
"We the people" are so proud and so thankful to have you as our first Lady! God bless America and God bless you and our President Donald Trump!
I would also like to apologize to you our First LADY, for all the negative and hateful comments directed at you and our President Donald Trump. They obviously know NOT what they are doing. I speak deliverance and salvation to all mankind in the name of Jesus. Amen
Thank you for so graciously representing our nation. Beautiful as always! Kind and caring.
I watched with emotion. The facts are the facts and President Trump did a great job in his first state of the union address. I believe in the American dream.
U ROCK
God bless you beautiful lady
And you looked amazing as usual
Stormy daniels is also a hero you can be one too. Speak out on Donny. It’s ok.
And thank you for being a wonderful, and classy, #FirstLady @FLOTUS
Thank Melania for the great respect and dignity you bring to the Rose http://garden.You  are an amazing first lady.
#flotus loved watching last night.  You are so gracious and an example of a true strong woman.  You stand as a partner with your husband.  Thank you for your example to us.
Did Michelle write that for you?

I didn't see any families from the church shooting and Vegas massacre.  Why?
You Are The Most Sincere @FLOTUS we have seen since Eleanor Roosevelt. You and your Husband have brought HOPE Back to the American Citizen. Thank You for all you do. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!

#MyPresident 
#MyFirstLady
#AmericaFirst 
#WINNING
CADET BONE SPURS
and  a TRUE HERO.
You are so awesome , so beautiful and so elegant and charming. Thank you for being such a wonderful first lady !!! :) May God bless you and your family always :)
Do you read your Twitter? Looks like a lot of love going on your a class act my first lady!!
FLOTUS you’re the best!
Keep pounding ma'am.
Haters gonna hate.Some people are just disrespectful.Working class, police and the military LOVE you and your husband.
We Love You
Many Dreamers (who are all noncriminals with LEGAL status) also embrace the American dream. You came here illegally and you worked here illegally, and you got to jump the citizenship line because of your #trophywife connections. Then you preached #birtherism.

Thank God for you Melania
god bless you
May God Bless and Keep you First Lady.
America Loves you.........#MAGA.
Thank you @FLOTUS for your warm compassion. I know you made everyone feel the love. 
That was very moving, I was so touched by all of it. Thank you First Lady Melania Trump and President Trump for honoring these amazing people.
You were as usual beautiful. Thank you for embracing your job with class.
I just want our military to know how much I appreciate them our police officers our firemen our paramedics all who are in the front lines I thank you my family thinks you we pray for you daily as we do our nation make no mistake we are in perilous times
My family thanks you
She represents the American Dream more than most. Able to come to America as an immigrant and become our first lady.... She is a Amazing woman and mother and deserves some respect.... just like our former first ladies
I think you're a very intelligent first lady
I like you a lot better than your husband Melania. I think you REALLY care about the American People. I think Donald is just a Politician selling snake oil. However, I'm probably not telling you anything you don't already know.
Exactly.
Such an incredible first lady God bless her and God bless President Trump and God bless America
You looked honorable yourself, Melania; the heroes have my deep respect. They also tied the Presidents speech together. God bless them, and you! Virginia
Say what you want about @FLOTUS but she is a bright & beautiful women in her own right. Though she may shy away from the lime light, First Lady Melania Trump presents herself with grace, kindness & sincerity as a true American patriot 
Melanya! We wish you success, throughout your great family. Kind and beautiful!
You are an inspiration @Flotus.  And we appreciate the (unintentional) dig at Killary!!!
You were beautiful and gracious as always! 
Something or someone keeps undoing all my likes and retweets of the first lady and the president and the administration this is bologna and something should be done about it
Waiting for the talks
#codeofvets #Pray #Miracle #TallyBill #VAAccountability #VANegligence #VAMalpractice #JusticeNow #standardofcare #specialcounsel2
Enjoy.
Tax cuts, y'all!!! I just got my 1.50 monthly increase!!! By the way, your 4,000 Dior suit was gorgeous.
Good mornjng   first  lady
No president I repeat not one can do anything alone. He needs our help to succeed in anything. Democrats or republican we are all Americans & are in the luxury bought by blood . We must stand together or divided we will fail . Donald J Trump as with any president needs us all .
Not only are you the most beautiful First Lady, but I believe you are the most compassionate, graceful and poised woman that there has ever been supporting her husband in office. God bless you and your family Mrs. FLOTUS. 
You are a beautiful and poised First Lady of which America is extremely proud.  We love you!
@TeamTrump Make America Great what a chance for all American People.
You did a wonderful job of picking the guest. Salute!
You looked so lovely #gorgeous
You looked beautiful.
Beautiful
God bless you!
We are so proud of YOU! Graceful & gracious- God Bless You!
Thank you for all your positivity
THANK YOU, #MelaniaTrump!  We LOVE you!!  #MAGA 
The people that you had invited tonight r strong AMERICANS! They want 2 fight for truth, justice n the American way. God bless those familys affected by MS-13! I cried for them when it happened last yr and again last night cause they never show the faces of the people left behind
Thank you First Lady!
Show me the memo!
We love you FLOTUS ! You make us proud!
I am wondering  - How much did it cost to get Stormy to reverse her story? must be waaaaaay more than $130000, I am betting on a CASH in HAND payment this time isn't how it usually works?
Thank you ma'am for your service!
 The Kindness, compassion, caring and class you bring to the country is inspirational!
My name is Melanie Trump and My Husband Isn't #PutinsPuppet.

Putin told us so.
#FLOTUSLies #FlotusISABirther #FLOTUS4PUTIN
The average immigrant has not got an access to a free 16,000 dollars an Hour flight to a billionaire Relative owned Spa

Barron deserves an honorable father, you deserve an adoring, respectful husband. Somewhere in that        800-page pre-nup there must be an escape clause..
I honestly don't know how you put up with some of these awful responses...you are just too classy to acknowledge them....But  I think you are super smart and perfect as @FLOTUS
You are the best FLOTUS
"Good noW!",B"H. we love u Melania & Donald and your whole wonderful generous family & extended families, G-d bless U all.
yay! parades for everyone.  my giant mirror float up front and center, watch the dems squirm when I see myself in the mirror, so bright, they won't even clap.
You are a class act. Thank you for all you do. Praying for you and your family. Keep up the great work.
They don't KNOW the American Dream !!! It has nothing to do with prosperity, it is about living before God and learning of the Freedom Christ gave his life to give to ALL people !!!
The Democrats claim to be the party of talorents, yet this party is always degrading smart, successful women. They are sexist and  Hypocrites!
We have served the USA & are now homeless,jobless,wounded so why this unfullfilled American Dream to stop my pain & suffering from evil ?
First Lady Melania
I can't imagine how hard it is for you to go to these social function and witness the disdain and disrespect of not only your husband but the OFFICE of the President of the United States by
Unprofessional and Childish 
DEMOCRATS 
Thank you for being you!!
You are a class act Mrs Melania,
Way above the rest
Thanks Melania  for your grace  and strength conquering the evil media
lmao 
soooo you are against everything YOUR husband is doing?  you really want us to believe that crap?
We are so proud to have your family in our Nation’s finest home!
Thank again, Mrs Trump. You make us very proud
You are like my mother beautiful strong and spoke many languages.  You are my favorite FLOTUS. My Mother came to America and became the most amazing Patriot. Because she could never be the women she became in the US in her own country.
And they are sitting with an American hero, too.   You are an example of grace and dignity.   You're doing a wonderful job as FLOTUS.  And your continued poise in the face of so many insults to you and yours is a tribute to you character & integrity.  Thank you.
Embracing the American dream kinda like you...
You looked beautiful!
The speech was so good that many Dems wanted to @feedonfeces&expire quickly as the old college expression goes.
Thank you for your gracious role in our Nations history. You are loved and adored by the American people
Melania, you are so BEAUTIFUL inside and out! God Bless You!
Donald make you say that?
Thank you Mrs.Trump  Finally we have some class in the White House
Sadly, only 2% of the population of the U.S. has ever served in our Brave, Loyal, Patriotic Military.  Only 1.6% serve today!
God bless you and the President.  Thank you both for your dedicated service.
Lovely as always
So you won't be joined by your husband then!
Thank you Melania.  I thank God everyday that you and your husband and family have answered the call to serve our country.
my family thanks you and your family for what you have to put up with on our behalf ....rest assured it does not go unnoticed ..we do appreciate the sacrafice
Every strong Man their behind him lays a strong woman thank you first lady thank you mellenia  for having brought up a man who was originally business oriented with no political ideas, because of your proper guidance & advice eventually Trump to became a US president who new?
Great going indeed..
God Bless!
You’re amazing!
And may we NEVER stop dreaming the dream to MAGA
That really was an amazing event. I had the box of tissues out. Man that was really a moving evening. God bless my President and his wife.
My heart goes out to you.  I'm praying for you and your son.
Thank you#FLOTUS, you are gracious, kind, and beautiful outside and inside as you support this role beautifully.  Thank you such for Your service to this nation.
Thank you .. Miss Melania
You looked so First Lady last night. Gorgeous. You are a wonderful role model for women. Thank you.
Thank you for being so gracious
I love you and your family so much
We all have a role in #MAGA #MARWGA
Poor FLOTUS just realising what a two timing spunkTRUMPet the president really is Stormy weather ahead
Thank you flotus you are so kind hearted and i keep you and the president in our prayers god bless
#SOTU WAS AMAZING AND BROUGHT PRIDEFUL TEARS TO MY EYES! MAY GOD BLESS OUR AMAZING PRESIDENT AND HIS BEAUTIFUL WIFE MELANIA TRUMP AND FAMILY! MAY GOD KEEP THEM AND PROTECT THEM! AMEN.
God Bless you Melania! You were Beautiful last night and always! Your guests were courageous and special! God bless everyone!!
You been shooting some serious 'dagger' looks at the Orange Pus-Bag...Just leave this pig ass already! 3/4 of the United States would totally understand..
#Resistance #PutinsPuppet #trumpisracist #DonTheCon
So proud of our FLOTUS
Great job last night .
I'm glad Melania is our First Lady. Atleast she knows she's a woman.  The only thing our last First Man did was try to get a 3rd bathroom installed for the confused generation WTF.
Last night you looked soooooo lovely our beautiful FLOTUS
We love you First Lady Melania. Enjoy your evening. We keep you and your husband in our prayers. You looked radiant last night at the State of the Union. U.S.A.
Thank you #FLOTUS for your dignity and grace.  May God bless you  and your family and our great nation! @realDonaldTrump
The American people thank you for your service First Lady Melania.
You are a strong, elegant Lady. America is lucky having you as our First Lady.
And that is the REAL TRUTH AMERICA..!
Bot
STRENGTH IN NUMBERS 
                  USA
You are a very beautiful woman! Stay strong for America, I am sure it can't be easy. With so many against your family. Your husband is doing a great job. Sent to us from God! Thanks for your sacrifices!
You were and are beautiful Melania!
#StormyDaniels interview on @jimmykimmel @JimmyKimmelLive
How much did he pay you?
Please help the people of Kansas, they are trying to make CBD oil illegal in Kansas.  It has helped so many people, don't let them take this away from us. I'm begging you!!!!
You are a smart, beautiful First Lady!!!! Thank you.
Thank you for the class, dignity and Grace you have brought to the country. You, too, are a Dreamer.
so proud of your personal stance for the woman's movement wearing white. 
Melania,  You looked simply stunning last night, and were so kind and compassionate to your and President Trump’s guests.  We as American’s are blessed to be represented by your husband and your self. I keep the two of you in my prayers.
You people can't give credit where credit is due ever.. Go follow the Clinton's
Whenever I see you with children it's always so evident how much you love children! You looked so proud of young Preston Sharp last night!
In all my 71 years of being alive I can honestly say you are the best First Lady! Thanks
Thank you @FLOTUS !  You and your husband are doing a great job. 
Why don’t you stand up for all the women sexually harassed. You live with the poster child for demoralizing women
You looked absolutely gorgeous and regal tonight @FLOTUS The President's speech was fantastic. I have already seen an increase in my monthly pension due to Federal tax cuts! Thank you and @POTUS for all you do for the USA!
We LOVE you First Lady #LovelyMelania 
Amen!!!
She did not sign up for this. To be first Lady. Not everyone is meant for that job. Reality. And when she did speak, she was criticized!
You as well as your entire family are the worst EVIL ever!!!!!!!!
Wonderful honor unfortunately stupidity will always be stupider. Their loss. Actually we should lose them the libs & dems who want it their way... uncompromising @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS first time Americans had hope in long time proud
Most beautiful, classy, gracious First Lady ever.  You don't get a fraction of the respect that you deserve.
Les #neonazis qui soutiennent a #Trump sont le mal incarné. Alex Fields a tué #HeatherHeyer a #Charlottesville. Ton mari dit "de bonnes personnes" en parlant des #neonazis. T'es complice. T'as meme participé TOI MEME au mouvement #birther en demandant voir le certificat de
#BarackObama.  T'en souviens? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSTx1ZODEcQ …
L'histoire ne te pardonnera pas.
YOU were BEAUTIFUL - so PROUD of POTUS & FLOTUS and wow what stories your guests had!!!  I thank GOD for you!!!
I served my country and I voice my opinion. You're an amazing first lady and your husband will go down in history as the best president this country has ever had
What a kind and thoughtful heart and pricelessly spoken! While the Dems can only talk about separate beds! Maybe he snores! Lol
I absolutely Loved the SOTU Address.
I had been a lifelong Democrat until 2016. While watching Hillary’s campaign the Lord opened my eyes to what this Party was doing to the U.S.  I wish I had seen it during Obama’s but didn’t until Hillary.  I guess he was a better lier.
Your modeling career is at its pinnacle - outstanding modeling  of the First Lady of the USA.
Should have brought @realDonaldTrump porn star!
Dear First Lady Melaniso
I am like you an immigrant came from Iran after revolution.
I admire you to be such real lady.
I am a physician moved recently from CA
To MD
I wish to get a chance to meet with you to work on drug addiction.
I treated so many patients with severe 
Drug addiction and they fully recoverey.
I use science based treatment 
During economic problems , I had to close my center but my website still
is active.
http://Www.addictionsite.com 
Manijeh Nikakhtar, MD,MPH,FACFEI,
e-mail :DrNik @aol.com
Sorry for misspelling your name 
I phone make changes
Why don’t you sit with me?  A normal, social security receiver who works.
Really TOO bad your NOT as active in the "Bully"department like you said you would be!! The #1 Biggest Bully EVER just deported thousands of OUR worthy Vet's back over the border to Tijuana, Mexico.
Good job ma'am
what are you talking about..have your writers be a little clearer.
Warned in 1989! Sharia is the goal, Taqiyya is the method. Meet Clinton pal - Sharifa Alkhateeb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2iJqLrzycI&t=4s …
Thank you, FLOTUS.  Keep up the great work.


@TeamTrump vimal hith
@TeamTrump I thinkbyoubevcart I wont mide seeing you I cart wut treding stands
Use your voice!!
Are you still the first lady? I thought you left him by now. Never see you, you stay for barren you're done with Trump
Feel sorry about your marrige to this animal
由於美國的縱容讓共產主義橫蠻世界，給很多國家帶來災難。
We didn't get our invite, is it in the mail. Real Americans matter.
Good news
just like us right.


